be dealing with my house, I have to know you're the kind of person I think you are." I sigh. "Well, there's not that much more to tell. About six years ago, I met and fell for a woman who was sweet and very beautiful. Her name was Maria. We were the typical couple. We went out, had fun, and had fun . If you know what I mean," I say, knowing that Mr. Fontaine would appreciate that piece of information. He chuckles and pours himself some more wine, before urging me to continue. "Then that fun lead to Ej. She got pregnant and everything got serious. Too serious for her liking. She even considered getting an abortion," I shake my head at the thought. "She was a wild child not ready to settle down. But I pressured her any way, seeing no other way that I could convince her to keep Ej. So I proposed. And she hit the roof. Telling me that life isn't about being tied to someone forever. She was furious and thought I had gotten her knocked up on purpose," I explain. His eyes went wide. "Jesus, she was a maniac. What did she do?" "Her grandmother talked some sense into her, thankfully. And once she had the baby, I applied for full custody. She willingly gave up her rights and went back to being a free spirit. As if she never gave birth." "Wow," he murmurs. "Yeah, well, it's not the most romantic story, but that's how it happened." Maurice smiles tightly before sipping on his wine. "Yeah, I don't think it's supposed to be romantic. But at least you have your son. And you should savor every moment you have with him." I nod. The man's right. "I know I love spending time with my kids," he says softly. "That's why I want a place that they can come visit me. Some place they love and will come back to. Kind of like a Christmas present to myself and my family." I nod and get to work on the details. We hash out just what he wants to see in the house. And once we've talked price we finish our meal. I promise him that I will try to find him just what he's looking for and hopefully in time for the holidays too. After a hand shake we part ways. Mr. Fontaine is a sweet older man and his words really stick with me through the drive home. As I sit in my freezing cold car, I think about exactly what he said. Savor the moments you have. And I take that to heart, planning to do just that. I love Ej and need to savor my moments with him. But trying not to get caught up in hectic work schedules and other things is difficult. I get home quick, my mind seems to have sopped up the irritating drive for me. I walk into the dark house and expect to see Bella sitting in the living room, texting or in the kitchen, cleaning up quietly. But as I walk through the house, she's nowhere to be found. I poke my head in Ej's room to make sure everything is okay. And what I find is quite possibly the most adorable scene I've witnessed as of yet. There in Ej's tiny bed is my boy sleeping soundly. And lying, in what looks to be an uncomfortable position is Bella with a book sprawled across her chest, out cold. I chuckle and shake my head at the sight. And though I want to leave her, I know she's got a life. And I promised her I would be back at nine. So I tip-toe across my son's planet rug and around his Buzz Lightyear toy to Bella. I rub her shoulder lightly for a moment, while leaning down and whispering her name. Her soft brown eyes open, but I can tell she's still mostly asleep. She looks around confused, then locks eyes with me. "Edward?" she whispers in her adorable half asleep voice. I hum trying not to wake my boy. "Oh Edward," she murmurs, as she rolls, facing me with her eyes closed. I chuckle lightly. And she smiles sweetly in her sleep. "Hey Bella," I try again. Her eyes open and she adjusts to where she is, taking in everything. "Huh?" she wonders confused. "I think you fell asleep when you were getting Ej into bed.," I whisper. "Oh," she says, looking embarrassed, before getting up and stretching. I admit that I watch as she does this, a move that she's probably done in front of me more than twenty times. But not once did I ever look at her the way I am tonight. We walk out of the room and I close the door a little. "I'm so sorry, I don't normally sleep on the job," she says, with a pout. I shake my head. "Don't even worry about it. As long as Ej is fine. I don't care. Besides, I know that you have early mornings." "Thank you," she whispers bashfully. "No problem," I tell her quietly. This seems like the perfect time to segway into what happened earlier, but I just don't have that kind of talk in me tonight. I reach for my wallet and hand Bella the money she's owed plus a little bonus for taking such good care of my boy. "This should be everything," I tell her. "Um, next week, 'round the same time?" she asks. "Yep, but um, I might need you sooner. My client wants to buy as soon as I can find a place." She smiles. "That's fine with me. I'm always available. Especially for you and Ej." I thank her as she heads out the door. I'm left to my own devices for the rest of the evening. Cleaning and organizing the kitchen, because I can't get my mind to stop. Thanks to the beautiful woman that just left.