thought. Emmett shrugged before following. Esme just shook her head. "What am I to do with my many troubled children?" once again the gentlemen twins stepped in. "Love us…" "…Care for us…" "…Spoil us rotten?" the two ran off in laughter as Esme gave chase, her life partner following behind them with a smile. Alice had her eyes on the two men since Rosalie pointed them out while her hand was gently stroking the fur on the muzzle of an eating werewolf. Her eyes had calmed as she took in the two men. It didn't bother Alice that she was left alone, it happened many times on a night of the full moon and her Bella was on a usual rampage. Normally she'd be fine chained up in the yard to waste her bound energy after munching on some flesh the family gave her hours earlier. "I'm really sorry it had to come to this, gentlemen. I was honestly hoping you would run away when I told you to but your buddy…he just didn't get the idea" an awkward atmosphere went over the group that only intensified with the constant munching and crunching of one hungry Bella. The young woman cleared her throat and smiled. "But it's ok; I'll give you another chance. Like I said earlier, the road is that way. If you two make it that far I'm sure Bella won't hunt you down for her after supper snack. I mean the moon is waning already so…" Ross as having a hard time processing the impossibility that what he was seeing was actually real and not just the thing that chewed up his mate and was eating him. His body was twitching from adrenaline and wanted to bolt but at the same time he couldn't find himself able to move. "What the fuck are you people?" golden eyes locked onto his brown. "Just your humble, every day, normal vegetarian vampires living out in the woods with their beloved pet werewolf. I mean why else would we be out here? It is rather remote and quiet really; and no one is brave enough to hike these woods at dark. Not counting you lot of course…" "You guys are nuts!" a sharp bark had them both flinching away as the beast moved to stand up but the hand remained on its nose firmly to keep it still. "Bella. Finish your arm before you even think of chasing another. I thought I taught you more manners when eating prey" Alice rapriminded the giant creature with a hard look and a pointed finger. All she got in return were growling responses. Ross had had enough. "I'm out of here you psychopaths! Go to hell!" he somehow stumbled to his feet and took off. Todd, who's mind had effectively shut down since first seeing the wolf could only run in desperation and hope after the man. Alice watched them go before sighing. "This is why we can never have a proper night out together. I manage to convince the state prison to let us have their death penalty prisoners for your meals every month so I can help you control yourself but every time you find something in the woods you just go full on crazy and we end up like this!" she folded her arms and turned away from Bella. A long whine came from over her shoulder. "No, not happening" again the whine sounded followed by a not so soft nudge. Sometimes the creature didn't know her own strength, but she'd never hurt Alice. Never. Bella found herself ignored even after a few more nudges and a half lick of the neck. Huffing she crawled her way round to look the little vampire in the eyes. Crimson into gold. "It's not fair. You're more a giant puppy right now than my Bella. I don't want a puppy; I want Bella to hold me and cuddle with; to race against at dusk. Why does being mated to a werewolf have to be so hard?" she rubbed her eyes when a bark came from her love. "Yes dear I know. I love you too, but all you ever care about when like this is hunting food and fuc…" a howl was heard off in the distance. Bella shot up to her full height, ears up and teeth snapping together in anger. "How could I forget…you also love ripping apart other wolves too" Alice looked up to her large furry companion of so many years before sighing. "Off you go then. If you want to badger some wolves or go chasing those men, have fun. But I refuse to collect you in the morning in the same state I did last time" patting the wolf on the leg gently before turning around Alice wasn't expecting to be grabbed round the waist so roughly by an agitated beast. "You ruin this outfit too we are having a serious discussion about fashion and boundaries! You hear me you over sized fur ball?!" her cries echoed through the trees as Bella raced off with the small vampire in hand. And so our tale ends, but only here because no one truly knows what happens in those woods at night or in fact any part of the day. The state prison only discovered the following morning it had three escapees but they were never found nor were there any reported sightings. Many believed they fell victim to the mysterious creatures of the woods, some thought they got lost and died of starvation. What can never be denied though, is that something goes on in those trees every full moon. The sounds coming from that place are not human. Well here you go. I haven't anything else really to say other then I felt like it. First time writing for Twilight but meh, in between stories at the moment and needed a stress reliever. Grammar and what not all my fault (as usual). Well that's me. Midmoon Kitsune out!