love everything about you and I have for some time. I can't just stop." "Dying, Edward! Loving a dying person is the stupidest thing ever." "Nothing will change my feelings. I may not have a lot of time to show you that I love you, so I'm not wasting another second. You love me, too." I roll my eyes, but he's right. I mean, of course he's right. Loving him is nothing new to me, but telling him? That's pretty frightening. He should probably distance himself from me because I don't want to hurt him, but from the look in his eyes, I know it's too late for that. It's too late to lie or hide. "Of course I love you," I say as he grins. "This is really, really awful timing, though." "But it's not too late." No, it's not. Even if I only have a day left, a day of loving Edward and knowing he loves me is enough. Falling in love wasn't on my bucket list, but it's happened. I don't know why and I'm not going to question it. "It's not too late," I agree, smiling with tears in my eyes. I'm about to make a kind of declaration of love like he did, but his phone interrupts us. He manages to fish it out of his pocket and takes one look at the screen before starting to stand. "I will be right back and then I'm taking your freezing ass inside," he says. I giggle and nod. "Fine. I'll just enjoy my last few minutes of snow alone." He walks away and I hear him answer as Dr. Cullen before he's out of earshot. He has an important job — I mean, I would know, after all — but I hope he doesn't have to leave. We're supposed to have the rest of my short life together, and I'm quite looking forward to it. While he's gone, I play with the fallen snow around me. I manage to build a little, very awkward looking snowman. He's just three snowballs without a face or arms, but he's mine. I decide his name is Mr. Snow Face. My very last snowman, no matter how pitiful, deserves a name, after all. I still can't get over how beautiful the Cullens' property is, and the sparkling snow just completes the perfect Christmas scene. Edward fulfilled my last wish and then some. In fact, he made it better than I ever could have imagined and I'll never be able to thank him enough. He made a dying girl's wish come true, so he deserves like, sainthood or something. I'm not entirely sure how that works, but I'm going to write a letter to someone. He's an amazing and special man, and one of the best I've ever known. Cancer fucking sucks, but at least I've gotten to know him because of it. I've gotten to fall in love. "Bella," Edward says, sitting back down beside me. I didn't hear him at all — too immersed in my own thoughts — and I'm surprised to see the look on his face. He looks . . . shocked. "What's wrong?" I ask. His lips slowly curl into a smile and I'm confused. "I asked a radiologist friend of mine to look at your scans from this morning. I didn't expect him to get back to me tonight, but that was him." "And?" I can't be hopeful, but his smile makes me want to be. "It's working. Your tumors . . . they've shrunk." "That's impossible, Edward," I sigh. "He's wrong because that's . . . it's not possible. The cancer has spread too much." He's grinning and I want him to stop. "You're far from remission, but it's completely possible for the treatment to work. It has, Bella! This is the most progress we've seen in months! Look at me." He cups my face in his gloved hands, forcing our eyes to meet. "You could beat this." I'm speechless. His words are echoing in my head and I'm trying wrap my mind around them. Nothing's worked. Every treatment has literally done nothing to help me, but this last ditch effort one has? I don't know how to believe it. I've resigned myself to believing I'm going to die. I've accepted it and given up, but now I might live longer? "How much time do I have?" I ask. He chuckles softly. "No more talk of time. If this treatment continues to work — and I think it might — you could beat it all together. This is the break we've been waiting for — the one I've been telling you could happen." I stare into his pretty green eyes as it hits me. "I might not die!" I scream. He's laughing harder now and nodding fervently. "Yes! Bella, this is incredible." "Holy shit! Edward, I can't . . . I don't know what to say or think or do. How is this possible? What do we do now?" "We continue the treatment," he says. "We'll have to find you a new oncologist, but for tonight, we just celebrate. You and me, Bella. We're going to beat this. I love you so much." This time it's my lips against his. I didn't even realize I had the strength to attack his face, but apparently I do. I've slipped him tongue, even. My emotions are everywhere, but my focus is him. He's saved my life. "I love you, too," I say. "I'm sorry that your short commitment to me has now been extended." He smirks and pecks my lips softly. "Sweet girl, I'll gladly spend forever with you. Now, let's go find some mistletoe and continue this in a warmer place." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!