shot him a warning glare. "You don't have a chance, Emmett," I told him warningly. "Not with seven members of the guard at her back and her ability to make you feel like you're burning up from the inside out." "Well, obviously, her ability isn't working too well right now," Emmett snarled angrily. "You can't know that," Carlisle interrupted before things got too heated. "We can't know what was stopping Jane from harming Rosalie, or if it extends to anyone else. No one is risking their lives today, son." I won't have another fight, not after the ordeal we just went through… "No one is going to fight, Carlisle," I reassured my father, grateful for his compassionate and reasonable nature. Carlisle would not allow to go into a fight unprepared, especially one as stupid as attacking the vampire Aro probably valued most among his guard. "Hi, yeah, sorry," the newcomer drew our attention back to her, fluttering her fingers in a tentative wave. "That was me." Everyone's thoughts were on her once again. What did she mean that was me ? She seemed uncomfortably under our unwavering gazes, and unconsciously, her body turned toward Emmett, whose body seemed to orient itself towards her protectively. "I'm a shield. A mental shield. That's what Aro called me, anyway," she formed a fist and knocked twice on her temple. "No one gets in here." Carlisle frowned, stepping forward to examine her. I hear his curiosity, his instinct to learn, to understand, echoing in his mind. Isabella noticed his advance, however, and she shot a wide-eyed look at Emmett, stepping towards him again. Carlisle held his hands out, much like she had earlier in the forest, and took another step forward. "I'm not going to hurt you, Isabella," he told her honestly, his voice calm and soothing. I felt the waves of reassurance Jasper was sending her way, and watched her shoulders relax slightly. Interesting. So Jasper could affect her where neither Jane nor I could. "My name is Carlisle Cullen, and this is my family." He gestured to us before turning his golden gaze back to her. "We're not going to hurt you." He promised. Isabella frowned, her eyebrows pinching together, and then suddenly realization dawned on her face and she looked between Emmett and Carlisle with something like awe on her face. "Carlisle Cullen ?" She repeated. If she's enough time in Italy to have her ability classified, she's probably heard of me , Carlisle reasoned. "Carlisle Cullen. The vegetarian?" She asked, curiosity lighting up her features and making her look terribly young. She turned her red gaze on Emmett. "You're part of Carlisle Cullen's coven?" She asked in disbelief, though through Jasper I could sense her excitement at having found her brother in the care of a vampire like Carlisle. Emmett smiled fondly at her. "Family, Bella, not coven," he corrected. "Family," she breathed, looking at each of us with wide, curious burgundy eyes. It was strangely endearing. "Fascinating. I thought Aro was exaggerating, but…wow." After a few moments of taking each of in, she turned back to Emmett. "How are you alive ? They never found your body, but all that blood…" she trailed off, shaking her head, and I could see sadness etched on her beautiful features. Emmett's smile disappeared. "It was a bear, Bells," he said quietly before smiling somewhat sadly. The expression looked foreign, wrong, on his usually cheerful expression. "All those times you warned me. Turns out you were right." "You warned him?" Carlisle interjected, his curiosity getting the best of him. "Like precognition?" Isabella looked somewhat bewildered. "No, I just wanted him to be careful," she said in a small voice. "He always went out on his own. I just didn't want to lose him because of a stupid mistake." She swallowed thickly before turning her gaze back to her brother. "A bear?" Esme stepped forward then, carefully placing her hand on Carlisle's shoulder. "Perhaps we could have this discussion at home?" She asked lightly. "Home?" Isabella jumped in, her gaze still wide and curious. Carlisle smiled and nodded. "We have a permanent residence nearby." He explained simply. "Would you like to come by so we can discuss the current situation?" Isabella blinked and hey eyebrows pinched again. "Alright." She said hesitantly. Carlisle nodded to Emmett, who raised his eyebrows to Isabella, a challenge lighting up his expression. Isabella's face morphed from the childish curiosity we'd been seeing into a look of feral mischief, and for the first time I truly saw the remarkable similarities between the two. Emmett took off at a run, his footfalls heavy and aggressive, and Isabella was off a millisecond after him, her steps light and quick as she darted next to him. She picked up speed easily. The rest of the family took off after them, me taking the natural lead, since I was the fastest. I saw incredulity in her eyes as I passed by her, and I flashed her a challenging grin. Her answering smile seemed to light up the entire forest, and she sped ahead of Emmett, chasing after me with with a speed none of my family could keep up with. She seemed to be amusing herself, darting in and out of wooded areas, occasionally twirling and laughing as she moved with ease and grace. She was absolutely dazzling as she ran, perhaps more suited to this life than anyone I'd ever seen. She seemed to delight in small things like cartwheels and twirls, and her grin only widened when she heard me laugh along with her. She didn't beat me, but it was a near thing, and when we finally came to a stop in front of our home, she was looking at me with windblown hair, and exuberant smile on her lips, and her eyes alight with mischief and joy. I imagined my expression mirrored hers, save for the bright red irises. Kindly remember to review, and let me know what you think.