was arranged to do some serious shopping. Bella reluctantly agreed to go, on the understanding she could spend some time alone in the biggest bookstore in the area while the girls were trawling every dress shop in town. She didn't think it would take long to find a suitable dress for herself, but she knew that Angela and Jessica would probably visit every shop at least twice before making their decision, and Bella could think of nothing worse. The final few weeks of term were taken up with exams and graduation. Bella's mother traveled to Forks from Florida for the ceremony with husband number four, following which they had an awkward meal out with Charlie and his new girlfriend, Sue. The one and only decent restaurant in Forks was full of families celebrating with their offspring, but Bella didn't really enjoy being piggy-in-the-middle of her warring family. At the table, to take her mind off the bickering, her mind wandered back to the awards ceremony when she received her diploma. There had been whoops and cheers from the audience when she walked onto the stage, however when Edward received his diploma, plus an award for being the outstanding student of the year, hardly a ripple was heard from the audience; the only clapping coming from the academic staff. She had watched him walk away from the ceremony on his own, and she felt sad that he had no family or friends around to support him and felt angry on his behalf. The night of the Prom followed, and Bella dressed herself in her small bedroom on her own. Her friends had all been to beauty parlors or spas during the afternoon and were travelling to the venue together, probably in one of those ghastly stretched limos she guessed. But she wasn't into all that fuss and bother, so she just took a shower and put a few rollers in her hair to give it a bit more lift, applied a small amount of make-up to enhance her eyes and color her lips, then slipped her dress on, which was a slim-fitting sheath dress in emerald green silk with spaghetti straps and some pretty beading around the neckline. Charlie had bought her some tiny emerald and diamond studs as a graduation present, and they matched her dress perfectly. She slipped on some silver strappy sandals, that were slightly higher than she was used to but ensured the hem of the dress didn't touch the floor, then she made her way carefully downstairs to wait for her date. Edward had arranged to pick her up in his father's car that he was borrowing for the evening. Bella had no idea whether he was going to wear a suit or go casual, but whatever he wore it wouldn't matter, as she had already been ridiculed to her face by almost every girl in her year group for asking Edward to be her date, so she had a fair idea what she was in for whatever he wore. She wasn't bothered that he wasn't handsome; in fact Edward was almost a caricature of a geek. But there was something about him that intrigued her and she was sorry now that she hadn't made an effort to get to know him better this year, and now it was too late. As expected, Edward had been accepted into an Ivy League University, and she had overheard him telling Mr. Molina that he would be travelling to the East Coast almost immediately after the end of term, so there was a strong possibility she wouldn't see him again after this evening. She heard the sound of a car pulling into her drive and a few seconds later she heard a knock on the front door. Charlie had been hovering in the hallway, having just strategically placed his police rifle in plain sight of whoever entered his domain, and he introduced himself to Edward by shaking his hand very firmly before inviting him in. Bella was waiting nervously in the living room not knowing what to expect. She had been having visions of Ron Weasley's hideous outfit that was described in the Harry Potter Book, T he Goblet of Fire , and was wondering whether Edward would turn up in something similar, so she was now starting to panic just a little bit, even though she realized that was really quite shallow of her. She stood up as Edward walked through the door, but instead of the scruffy geek she was used to seeing in his plaid shirt and faded jeans, in front of her was a tall, upright, handsome young man in an immaculate tuxedo. If it wasn't for his bad skin, he could have come straight from a runway in Milan. The geek had disappeared without a trace and in his place was a very classy and stylish guy who was staring at her appreciatively. She tried to say hello, but suddenly realized that her tongue had stuck itself to the roof of her mouth and when she went to move away from the chair, her knees buckled underneath her. "Oh My God!" was the phrase that was running through her brain as she looked, and then looked again at her date, wondering if Edward had just been visited by a Fairy Godmother, and that he just might have to be home by midnight! Whatever magic spell had been cast on Edward to make him look so gorgeous she didn't care, because now she just couldn't wait to get to the Prom and see her friends' reactions to his amazing transformation! I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. I wanted to whet your appetite as to how CSI will be involved with a Twilight story which will set the ball rolling for this story, but I needed also to take you back in time to when Edward and Bella first met and how their relationship started. We'll get back to real time very soon. Joan x