true that sentiment was until Edward's perfectly beautiful sister started speaking to me. "Does Alice usually behave so abominably?" she questioned suddenly, shaking me from my thoughts. Too stunned to dwell on the bothersome behavior of my best friend, I thoughtlessly said, "Not exactly." It was truthful, at least. "I always thought she was quite cheery with you," Rosalie went on to say, sounding terribly nonchalant despite the seemingly accusatory words. And was it just me or did she emphasize the words 'with you' a little bit? Warning bells might have been going off in my head if I was any less confused. "Well, she's my best friend." Again I answered without thinking. This conversation was just a little above my typical standard of strange. "And that means automatic joy?" Sarcasm, though well-masked, laced Rosalie's voice. "Not necessarily," I replied a bit indignantly, "but I guess after waiting this long to meet your so-called best friend, you get a little over-actively cheerful about them." That silenced the tinkering vampire for several moments, though I doubted her mind was idle. For me to notice such a thing made me realize I now felt much less intimidated around Rosalie than I did moments prior. The more we talked, the less I came to wholly fear her. Without the same level of fear, my mind began to analyze more and understand deeper. Silly though it would seem to most people, Rosalie might be (in a tiny way) jealous of my friendship with Alice. Certainly it was not a very large reason for why she disliked me, but it had to play a part in her hostile attitude. Thinking along the lines of my friendship with Alice reminded me of what she had said earlier. It still hurt when I recalled it. "Although I don't think she was very happy with me today," I muttered to myself, forgetting that vampires had exceptional hearing. "Obviously not," Rosalie said. I could imagine how she rolled her eyes. "I don't see why today should be any different," I grumbled, growing a touch careless now I was reasonably comfortable. There was no reply, so I settled my head on my knees agitatedly. Why was she talking to me if she wasn't going to come to the point? I felt amazingly annoyed by that. "Any special reason you're so curious?" Rude as it sounded, I was frustrated and still left in the dark about Alice. After a pause in her work, she lied to me somewhat convincingly, "No." "Uh-huh," I couldn't stop myself from saying, regretting the apparent snub, but afraid of appearing wishy-washy if I took it back. "Must one always have a point when asking questions?" The Rosalie I remembered came back a little in that remark, showing her snappish personality and her dislike of me. "Technically, no," I admitted, pressing forward boldly before she could interrupt, "but generally, pointless curiosity is only used in casual conversation. And you'll have to excuse me if I don't find your question or your attitude casual in the least." Where in the world all my bravery was coming from, I couldn't have said. It just felt like I had been through enough of Rosalie's rigmarole that I was sick and tired of it. I didn't want to be mean to her, but if I could say what I had to Edward, I could say these things to his icy-tempered sister. "Finally grown a backbone where I'm concerned, have you?" she almost hissed, sliding out from under the Chevy and popping up into a sitting position so suddenly as to startle me. It wasn't vampire speed, but it was ridiculously close. Willing my heart back to a slower pace and my face to a less reddish hue, I calmly replied, "I was thinking more along the lines of 'reached an understanding.' But by all means, call it whatever you like. You will anyway, won't you?" That was not the right thing to say, I realized as her eyes narrowed to dangerous slits. Despite this, I couldn't find it within myself to be afraid anymore. Not today, anyway. "I should break this piece of junk," she growled low in her throat and gestured to my rusty red truck with a sharp jab of her blonde head. "Go ahead," I shot back rapidly, satisfied that I had her here. "Edward will just give me a ride. Or he'll buy me a new car." I didn't want a new car from Edward (or anyone else for that matter), but Rosalie was driving me up a wall now and I knew that might shut her up. As predicted, the seething vampire threw herself back down on the crawler and slipped back under the Chevy. The tinkering became a bit more vicious, but not so much that I worried for the safety of my vehicle. Rosalie would not be so keen to do anything that would endanger me while on the road; not after what almost happened to her brother in Italy. "Thanks for the windows," I blurted in a near monotone, jumping up to head inside before she could say anything else to me. Finding no point to whiling away my time downstairs, I went back up to my room. Perhaps a book would pass the time; perhaps music or randomly searching the internet. Nothing struck me as interesting, however, and so I sat on the bed just thinking for a long while, until I heard Charlie pull up in the cruiser. Unknown to me up to that moment, I had wasted almost an hour and fifteen minutes by sitting around mindlessly. Jumping up to look out the window, I saw no trace of Rosalie or the tools she'd brought with her. The windows looked the same as ever, except for the brand new shine to them, and my father walked past without giving the rusted old monster a second glance. A/N : Thank you to everyone who read and reviewed Damages I: Carlisle !