connection that we shared sexually. He rolled over to the other side of the bed and pulled me into him. "Stay with me tonight?" He asked. Fuck! Why did I agree to a girl's night? "I can't, I already made plans with the girls." I sighed. "Then have dinner with me tomorrow night?" he grinned. "Okay." I rolled my eyes and he pecked my lips. . After I left Riley's place I went to the nearest Whole Foods and bought the ingredients to make dinner for the girls and I. I might have also stocked up on Ben & Jerry's. When I got home it was around six so I got started on my favorite girl's night food, homemade macaroni and cheese and a chocolate cream pie. Hell yeah! While the mac and cheese was in the oven and the pie was in the fridge, I took a much needed shower. I took my time and when I was done I felt fresh and light. At seven I took the pasta out of the oven and let it cool on the stovetop while I checked my email from work. Around seven forty-five the buzzer rang and I let the girls up. "I brought everything I could afford." Alice pushed through with many bags in her hand as soon as I opened the door while Rose and Tanya followed. "Okay, let's eat first!" I am not going let Alice drink before dinner. "Remember what happened last time?" Tanya locked the door after her. "You were fucked up so bad!" Rosalie giggled. Alice rolled her eyes the stuck her tongue out. "Put it on the Style Network!" I threw the remote to Rose. "Why?" she asked. "There's a Sex and the City marathon!" "Oh yay!" Alice bounced. "Chill Ali cat!" Tanya said and Alice glared at her. I brought out the dish of mac and cheese, the chocolate cream pie and the forks. We never eat from plates on girls night. I put the dishes on my coffee table as the girls grabbed their forks. Alice grabbed a couple glasses from my kitchen and poured the JD, a little bit of strawberry liqueur and sparkling water. "So, I've been thinking and I've decided to go on a dating hiatus." Tanya said. "Here! Here!" Rosalie raised her glass. "Why?" I asked. "I need to rediscover myself." she sighed and didn't feel the need to explain any further. "Well, we'll support you a hundred percent." I said, patting her leg and stuffing my mouth "Well I've been 'discovering' myself also." Rosalie smirks. "How?" Tanya asked. "Through Tumblr," she shrugged as if we knew what she was talking about. "What's a Tumblr? I asked. "You don't know about Tumblr?!" her eyes widen and I shook my head. "Let me show you, go grab your laptop." She demanded. "I think I've heard of it before." Alice said as I came back and sat between the girls. "You guys are going to love this!" Rosalie squealed as she booted up the computer. She opened the browser and quickly entered the address. The site popped up and immediately asked for you to register "I'm going to show you mine." She logged on with her email and immediately a feed of pictures and text popped up almost like Facebook but nothing like Facebook. "Oh this is like Facebook!" Tanya said. Rosalie turned and glared at her. "This is nothing like Facebook!" "Okay!" she turned her attention back to the screen. "You can post pictures of yourself on here it's called 'selfies', some people post videos, although it's a violation, quotes and music and a whole bunch of shit." she explained. "So here's my feed I see all the pictures that have been reblogged from the people I've followed." She scrolled down the page and the pictures started getting more raunchy and provocative to downright pornographic. I'm not going to lie but the pictures were turning me on. "There are also moving pictures called GIFs." "What?" she pointed to a guy rubbing his, rather large, erection, the picture was moving frame by frame and then it would repeat itself. Holy fuck! As if Alice read my mind, "Am I the only one getting horny right now?" she poured herself more JD and downed it, wincing as she wiped her mouth. "If you start an orgy I'm out." Rosalie said. "I'm going to register you guys for a Tumblr." I took a bite of the chocolate cream pie, not really caring what Rosalie was signing me up for. This is like chocolate sex! "Do you post pictures of yourself on there?" I asked. "Yeah that's how I get followers. Grab my phone, let me show you." I reached over the coffee table and grabbed her phone out of her purse. "Come close together you guys!" we followed her instructions and she snapped a photo of us. "What's that for?" Alice asked clearly drunk-out-of-her-mind. "I also have the app. I already signed you up, give me your phone." I handed her my phone. After a few moments she handed it back to me. "Now you're following me!" I took the phone from her hand not knowing what I have put myself in. "How do I work this shit?" I asked. "Find out on your own. Look I posted the picture!" I saw the picture of us on my laptop and underneath was written 'if these ladies had a Tumblr would you follow them?' I gave her a glare. "Really?!" I asked as I glared at her. I feel like this is going to backfire. "Oh shut it!" she logged out and shut down my laptop. (OYO) So what do you guys think? Yay? Nay? If you have read this before notice that I changed it… I hope it is a good kind of change… let me know. Next chapter we hear from Edward! I'm not going to leave you all hanging I will finish this story! I have this story planned out!