relaxed on the bench despite the cold surface under their butts. They enjoyed just sitting next to each other and watch people, sipping from their cups. "So, up for another round?" Edward asked as they had finished their hot chocolate and threw their cups in the trash next to them. It was already starting to get dark, which made the Christmas lights and glow-in-the-dark ornaments light up and cast a fairytale-like glow between the stands and stalls. Bella looked sideways at Edward and couldn't believe how good her day has turned out. Her frustration with her friend totally forgotten she wondered secretly if this was her plan all along when she invited Bella a week earlier to go to this fair. "So you still don't have a tree?" Edward asked, breaking through her thoughts. "No, and probably won't for a while, not while Vlad and Zafrina are still alive at least. Zafrina would climb up to the top and Vlad would bark and try to catch her. Those two would most likely destroy my tree and everything in it within a day," Bella sighed. She loved her pets a lot, but she missed a tree around Christmas. "I can imagine that. Too bad though. I know how much you like them," Edward put an arm around her shoulders and squeezed before letting go again. When they reached another ornament stand, Edward halted and looked at everything. Finally he picked something up and paid for it. They came across a snack stand and both bought a hotdog. It wasn't really in tune with the Christmas feeling but they didn't care, they both wanted one so they got them. While they munched on their snack they strolled between the other gift stalls to look for suitable presents for Edward's family. The shyness between them was completely gone and they were back to their easy friendship. They were discussing the 'idea' of snow: the different kinds of snow, the ability to build snowmen and igloos, the beauty of unstirred snow in nature and the funny side of it with snowball fights. A clock on one the stalls showed them it was already an hour later after they had their hot chocolate and they were both satisfied. They weren't thirsty or hungry, they had all the gifts Edward needed and they had sang along with random people who were singing off key with the music that came through the speakers. It was completely dark now, as the night had fully set in now. It was colder now and the snow didn't seem to let up anytime soon so unconsciously Bella and Edward leaned closer towards each other, until at one point Bella was leaning against his side and he had his arm wrapped around her shoulders. "Hey Bella, I've got something for you," Edward whispered softly. They stopped walking and Bella turned to face him. He pulled out something from his pocket and gave it to her. "I know you can't have a tree, but I wanted you to have this. You can hang it on your wall or something." Edward sounded unsure the longer he spoke and Bella gazed at his face and then at what was in his outstretched hand. She gasped as she saw the ornament he had earlier. She hesitantly reached for it and held it closer to really see what it was. It was a little cartoonish Rudolph on a red ball. She touched the contours of the ornament in amazement before gazing back at Edward. She suddenly felt shy again too. "Thank you," she whispered. "Bella, I did some thinking and I just… I think friendship might be a too soft definition for what I feel for you. I like you Bella, a lot, more than a friend…," Edward confessed in a shy voice. Bella stood still, trying to comprehend what he was saying. "I love you, Bella," Edward finally spoke with conviction. Before she could answer they heard their names being called. They both looked up and saw Rosalie and Emmett coming towards them. Emmett held up his phone while Rosalie was gesturing wildly towards something. Edward and Bella looked at each other silently asking if the other knew what they meant. Bella felt some annoyance creep back in though. Of all the moments today, Rosalie decided to show up now. Bella was happy that she got to spend all this time alone with Edward and now she wished Rosalie and Emmett would have just forgotten about her. Rosalie was yelling and when she got closer they heard her say: "Look up, above you." When Bella and Edward looked up together they saw what Rosalie meant: they were standing under mistletoe. Somehow they must have halted under a string of ribbons and entwined with it was mistletoe. They both laughed as they looked back at each other. Bella felt a fluttering in her stomach at what this meant. She felt a bit unsure though. Sure she had dreamed and fantasized about kissing Edward but now it might actually happen. Her thoughts were cut off as she felt his gloved hands on her cheeks and his lips on her. The world seemed to explode as a feeling of immense happiness spread inside of her, warming her whole body. She wasn't cold anymore as Edward pressed his lips softly but determinately against her. She responded in kind. For a while every noise except the music disappeared, the snow hitting their face didn't bother her, the sound of cheering and clapping was lost to her. When they pulled back, they stared at each other for a moment. "Merry Christmas, Edward. I love you too," Bella spoke first. Edward hugged her and whispered 'Merry Christmas' in her ear. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!