locked my muscles and jaw. The memories kept me from giving Maria the satisfaction she craved. I could feel my body twitch occasionally, but I would not writhe for the evil bitch. Every muscle in my body felt the effects of my stubbornness, aching and pulsing with the need to release itself. Time meant nothing to me as I continued to burn and ache. Years seemed to pass, yet my only focus was on distracting my mind from the unfathomable pain I was in. My memories repeated in a timeless loop, a sequence that began with my earliest memories and continued on into my last moments. I prayed to God for death, silently begging and pleading for Him to have Mercy and show me death. The fire only burned hotter in response. As I begged internally for mercy I felt moisture on my face. The tears that had been leaking out of the corners of my shut eyes were hot and ran in a continuous line, dripping down to my ears. This moisture was cool and seemed to be running along my face, as if wiping away my tears and sweat. I felt the cool dampness run along my jaw and dip down to my neck, wiping at the spot that Maria had clamped down on. "Almost done, kitten. Almost" A voice whispered. The voice was deep but had the smooth and beautiful quality that Maria's had. He began whispering to me, telling me that the burning would soon end. It didn't. While listening to his voice vaguely, I continued repeating my memories, reminding myself of who I was. I was strong, a fighter, compassionate, just…suddenly I heard the malice laced words of Maria. "It's been more than three days! What is wrong with her?!" So that was how long I'd been in hell? A new voice joined in, a male whose words were calm and cold, yet I could hear an undertone of pain in them. "I don't know. I've never seen anything like it before." I wanted to open my eyes, but I knew if I moved at all, I would break, and that wasn't an option in front of Maria. I heard her leave with an angry, inhuman growl. My personal sweat and tear wiper paused at the base of my throat and I heard him whispering with the new male. "Do you think she'll turn?" "I honestly don't know. It might be better for her if she didn't." The pain was more prominent in his voice now. "Jasper!" My cleanser admonished. He continued his ministrations and I could almost feel the affection flow from him to me. "She looks like so young and innocent. But damn is she tough. I've watched her and she hasn't moved or let out a single whimper. Maria's venom burns hotter than Hades and she's as quiet as a goddamn mouse!" "I've noticed, Peter. She feels it though. I can feel her pain and her determination. Maria sure knows how to pick 'em." Jasper said quietly, and I could detect a light Texan drawl. That comforted me. Something told me that these two were not the diabolical evil that Maria was and I wanted desperately to see their faces. Gathering all the strength I possessed I forced my eyes open. My eyes tried to focus, but the images were hazy. I could make out a dirty blond head near me and I knew that this was my cleanser, Peter. I could tell he was paler than Maria, but I couldn't distinguish much else besides the color of his compassionate eyes. Burgandy. "Jasper, she opened her eyes! Is the pain gone? Why are her eyes brown?" Peter spoke in an excited whisper. My eyes followed Peter's and landed on Jasper. My vision seemed to clear and I saw Jasper's own burgundy eyes lock on my own. He had ear length wavy honey blonde hair that fell beautifully over his eyes. His face reminded me of the sketches and portraits I had seen of the gods of the ancient world. His cheekbones were high and his nose was perfect and straight. His lips had a plump, juicy look to them. I never wanted to close my eyes. "She's still burning. I can't understand why she is able to open her eyes and I don't know why her eyes are brown." Jaspers spoke, never looking away from me. I noticed his eyes were probably as pain-filled as my own and I didn't understand why that was. "Kitten, were your eyes brown before?" Peter asked me. I didn't know how, but I managed to nod ever so slightly. With that movement the floodgates opened and I had to slam my eyes shut to try and keep from screaming. The fire seemed come alive in the worst possible way and for a moment I thought I would literally burst into flame. Then as suddenly as it had grown it began to recede. I felt a sudden welcome coolness began in the tips of all my limbs and the fire began to consolidate as it retreated. I could feel it pulsing and it seemed to concentrate itself in my heart. I could hear my own heartbeat thrum and accelerate and I wondered if it would fly out of my chest in a ball of flame. When it seemed that I could last no longer in my stoic state, my heart suddenly stopped. The stillness unnerved me, and for a moment I thought I had finally been granted the mercy I had begged for and was dead. That thought was ruined by Peter's voice. "Open your eyes, kitten. It's over." I listened to his words and slowly opened my eyes to a whole new world. A/N- Next chapter will have Jasper's POV, and maybe Peter's…. If you are confused at all let me know when you review and I'll try and clear it up for you. Hit that button for me and tell me what you think! Thanks!