His serious request told her that he now needed Alice the assistant, not the best friend. She had always admired Edward in that sense. She was proud to work for a man like him, someone destined for greatness. Edward, at the age of twenty-five, had crushed every doubt and exceeded every expectation his colleagues had since his father left everything to him. He carried a great responsibility, but he lived for the challenge. He wanted to make an impact, leave his mark in history, and the only way to achieve this was through hard work. Besides his strive to prove everyone he was the right man for the job, also came a deep need to stay busy. Edward would rather focus on his work than let his thoughts wander. His mind wasn't a happy place most of the times, not since he was a pubescent boy. Alice shook her head, trying to dispel the memories. It didn't do any good to dwell on the past. Edward didn't like to reprimand Alice, but it was something he'd had to do more and more lately. The lines were getting blurred, and he needed her to remember that, in this kind of setting, he was her boss first and foremost; their friendship would always come in second. He sighed and took the files Alice had fetched for him, and then watched her as she silently sat down across the aisle to his left. After a few more minutes of tense silence, Edward knew he had to say something to clear out the tension between them, but Alice beat him to it. "You know, workaholism is a disorder," she commented, perusing one of the reports, her attitude nonchalant. Edward kept his eyes trained to the papers in front of him. "I mean, how can you put up with all the tension without relaxing once in a while? That's a recipe for disaster." She picked up another folder from the pile on her left. "No matter how much responsibility or work you have, you're still human. You need to catch a break every now and then." Edward tilted his head to the side and looked at Alice from the corner of his eye. Alice was smiling, but still reading the papers in her hands. "It's good to drop everything and get away from time to time. No one would say anything; God knows you need it," she added, looking at him with a small smile on her lips. Edward finally looked up at her with a little smile of his own. Alice winked at him. This was why Edward kept Alice close. She knew exactly what to say to make him relax when he thought he was being too harsh. "Besides, this is your first time in Seattle. At least, look at the scenery through the window and try to be a little impressed," she added with a smile, gathering her stuff and preparing to meet Jasper in one of the back cabins for their lunch date. "It's a city from a bird's eye view. Every place is the same, no matter where you are in the world," Edward answered, his voice coming out a little defeated. Alice pursed her lips in disapproval, but didn't say anything, focusing instead on grabbing her purse and phone. Thump—Thump. Edward suddenly winced, rubbing his chest. It was strange, since this morning he kept having a feeling, a feeling… "That something is going to happen." "What's that?" Alice asked, just as she was leaving. "Umm…" Did I say that aloud? "Edward?" She furrowed her brows in confusion. "Are you all right?" "Yes, I'm fine. I asked where we're staying at." He gave her a little smile. "The Fairmont Olympic Hotel, of course." Alice looked down to her phone. "We'll be landing in less than four hours." Edward nodded and returned to his work, ignoring his lunch. He had lost his appetite and, besides, he would rather wait and have a better meal at the hotel. Ignoring Alice's scrutinizing stare, he picked up another report and proceeded to read through it, noticing immediately a few discrepancies he would have to address upon his return from the States. Alice sighed frustrated, watching him submerge himself into his work. She wished there was something she could do, but she knew better by now. She wouldn't dare to distract him when he was like this. She could only hope that once they landed, he would try to enjoy the change of scenery a bit. What none of them knew was how a supposed business trip would change their lives in so many different ways. Hey everyone! Missed me? I know this chapter was short, but the rest of the chapters will be around 4k words. This one was more like an introductory chapter and I hope you guys liked it. To the new readers, thank you for picking my story and I hope you will find it entertaining. To the old readers, thank you so much for your patience. I can assure you that the re-write of this story was much needed and I'm very excited about it. Massive edits have been made, though plot-wise the story remains the same. Big shout out to LaMomo and Salanna for kicking this chapter into gear. Their red pens sparkle and are oh-so-pretty. I flove them. The blog has been updated, link is on my profile . Go there to check out the outfits, banner, characters pictures and teasers — though that last item won't be posted until a much later chapter, when we start with the new stuff. I hope you enjoy this new version. I will be updating on Sundays, but in case something happens (real life likes to mess with me from time to time) I'll make sure to post a note on the blog and let you guys know, okay? Thank you for reading and feel free to leave me a review, even a smiley will be fine! Till next time, ~Mina