thing he'd ever seen. Without a word, he leaned down and brushed his lips tenderly against hers. Once, twice, and then once more. When she didn't push him away, he couldn't help but give in to the feeling of her softness against him. Crushing her to him, he deepened the kiss, a soft groan escaping when her lips parted for him and the tip of her tongue explored his own. He tangled his fingers through her hair, gently stroking her neck and back. They broke apart a minute later, both panting for breath. Edward rested his forehead against hers, eyes shut tightly, as he tried to regain his senses. Suddenly, it hit him. What had he done? She was probably just passing by, hoping never to see him again. And he had just forced himself on her, basically attacked her in the middle of the street. He pulled away quickly, fisting his hands in his own hair and tugging the ends sharply as he panicked. He didn't know what to say to earn her forgiveness. "Bella, I'm sorry." That was probably a good place to start. "I didn't mean to—well, I did, but... I know you don't want, well, this . And I, I just..." Edward trailed off, feeling tongue-tied. He tried to start again, but then she was in front of him, holding a finger across his lips. He silenced immediately, staring back at her, waiting for her judgment. "Edward... I'm the one who needs to apologize." That was definitely not what he had expected to hear. "That day... I felt it too, you know. What you would mean to me—what I already meant to you. And I... I was afraid." Her voice trembled, and he opened his mouth to speak, but she just shook her head and continued on. "I was so afraid, because I'd never felt anything so strong. And I didn't know you—not at all—but it felt like I did! Like I had known you my entire life. But all I really knew was that this man, a man with an amazing talent for music and a dazzling smile—" —Edward had to grin at that— "—was ready to give me his heart. I saw it, I could feel it pouring out of you, like you couldn't hold it back. And I knew that you deserved my heart in return, and I just—I didn't think I could do it. I didn't think I could give myself up, just like that. "But," she whispered, "I was wrong. So very, very wrong." She looked up at him then, hope and tears spilling out of her eyes. "It took me almost two weeks of moping around, trying not to think about it, before I finally got brave enough to look for you. My boss—" She choked out a little laugh. "He actually made me take time off because I cried every time I read a manuscript with any sort of romance. It was kinda pathetic, really. "I wasn't sure where to go, so I tried the bus stop where we met, you know? I went every day... But I was there for a week, and you never came, and then I remembered you said to ask around. So I tried, I really did!" She was almost in hysterics now, and Edward pulled her back into his arms, stroking her hair softly to try and calm her down. "I would ask about you, and someone would say they thought you'd be at this other place, so I'd go there, and then the same thing would happen again! It's ridiculous," she glared at him a bit, though the anger was dampened by her sniffling. "Then today, finally , that creepy blond guy—James?—he seemed to know something, because he got really angry when I said your name. But then I thought he might do something, so I tried to leave, and then... you were there ." "I thought I was going to go crazy when I saw you over there with him. I never... I thought you weren't going to come," Edward admitted softly. He tightened his hold, and she burrowed into him. They stood in silence, each lost in their own thoughts. After a while, Bella disentangled herself from his arms and rubbed furiously at her eyes, clearing away the tear tracks. She took a few deep breaths before she met his eyes again. "Can you—" "Is it—" They spoke simultaneously, then grinned stupidly at each other as they both cut off. Edward waved a hand indicating that Bella should go first. She swallowed nervously, her voice timid. "Can you ever forgive me?" "Oh, Bella. Sweetheart." Edward's heart melted at her uncertain expression, and he just had to kiss her again. Pouring every ounce of feeling for her into his efforts, he soon had them both breathless. Pulling back slightly, he kissed her forehead, her cheeks, the tip of her nose—anywhere he could reach—over and over again, until she was giggling happily. Smiling down at her, he confirmed, "That's a yes, you know." She laughed at him then, a full smile lighting up her face. Once she had calmed down a bit, she asked, "What were you going to say?" It was Edward's turn to laugh. "I was going to ask if I could kiss you again." She smiled in return, but then sobered quickly. "No... The other day, at the bus stop. What were you going to say then?" "Bella, I—" He hesitated. "Are you sure?" She nodded confidently, but he still studied her face intently. Seeing the certainty there, mixed with what he thought was hope, he leaned down, brushing his lips against her ear. He had promised himself that he wouldn't miss this chance, if it were ever given to him again, and he believed her when she said that she was ready now. "I love you," he whispered. She nodded. "I belong with you," he stated simply. "You belong with me," she echoed. "And I... Edward, I'm yours."