delivering is for him … my idea. He doesn't know it yet, but I got some help from our little friends down at the shop. Jessica and Kris live near the shop now and they promised to call me the moment Edward is back so I could get ready. So here I am waiting for my husband to come home from work. Jessica called me ten minutes ago to let me know that Edward was back and they were unloading the sleigh and checking everything over. My friends will 'find' one last present in the sack... Edward will have forgotten to give a gift to a child, but the address on it is his own. I told you this will be a Christmas he won't forget. "Bella!" Ah, he is here. "Yes, Edward." "What is this?" He held a present in his hand. "Well open it. It has your name on it after all…" I said, unable to hide the smile on my face. "But..." "Open it, Edward." He opened the wrapper and looked at it. "What is it?" he asked me holding a picture in his hand with a look of confusion on his face. "That, Edward; are your children..." I told him. "What do you mean my children?" Edward is looking at the ultrasound picture, not seeing a thing on it. "We are going to be mommy and daddy of two babies, Edward. I'm pregnant." "You are having a baby? I'm going to be a daddy?" "No, not a baby… two babies, and yes, you are going to be a daddy." "When?" "I am now ten weeks pregnant so at the end of July we will have two bundles of joy in our arms." He picked me up and kissed me deeply, "Thank you, baby, I love you." "I love you too and Merry Christmas, Santa." I said just as the clock announced the new day – Christmas day. How it is possible, we'll never know, but the twins managed to be born on different days. Jane was born on July the 24th and Jacob was born on July the 25th exactly seven minutes apart and seven months after I told Edward I was pregnant. So our twins aren't twins on paper, but it does give each of them their own day to celebrate. Five months later we celebrated their first Christmas. Edward had arranged for the biggest tree he could fit into our house. Nothing is too extreme for his kids. I shake my head at the memories. The presents, well what can I say… being the kids of Santa Claus himself could be a bit too much. They loved it then, and still do to this day . When they turned ten years old we told them our secret, it was the sleigh that convinced them. It always will be the key in making people believe. This year will be different though. Edward is now 70 years old, and the reindeer have just informed us that Jacob Jr. will be the next Santa. Yes, we knew it will be hard for Jacob to find out he will not become Santa, but the reindeer's decision was out of our hands. Jacob Jr. is now 26 years old and we know he found his truelove and kissed her. That´s what sets the things in motion. That first kiss locked the seal, no way back from it. The invite to come with his lady tonight to his grandparents has already been sent. It felt strange knowing this will be our last year here as Santa and Mrs. Claus. Next year we will live near the shop helping with the presents and everything. Just to be sure I've put up mistletoe above the door… to collect another kiss and see magic happen—Christmas magic. Jacob Jr. and his lady arrived just a little after nine, and yes I got to see them kiss. She's a shy sweet girl, her name is Renesmee. She's named after her grandmothers Renee and Esme. I love her name and her completely. After some hot cocoa we start our story, the one that will change all of our lives. And yes, Edward is ready for it, ready to let go of his suit. Yes, he will miss it, but we will have a Christmas at home for the first time in our married life together. Just before dawn Edward got his phone call and the next thing I know, I have a fresh cup of hot cocoa with Renesmee. I'm calming her down telling her it will all be just fine, just like Jessica did with me all those years ago. On December 24th Edward tells me he has a surprise for me. This last year as Santa Claus he is allowed to take me with him, for the first and only time. When he brings back the sleigh we will take residence in our new home, leaving behind our life as we know it. Jacob Jr. and Renesmee will be living on the farm taking care of the reindeer that I love so much. The reindeer are the reason I've lived my life like a fairytale. I found my love in their stable, learned about Santa Claus secrets on the grounds they live on. I married my Santa Claus there, saw my children grow up in the farm house, and now our grandchild will take over the reins. We still don't know the secret behind the reindeer. They are the biggest secret of all... nobody will ever find out how it works, that's the number one rule. Merry Christmas to all, and if you happen to see Santa tonight, tell him how proud we are of him and that we love him. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!