to be late to class." "That's the Rose I love and know," Alice said while clapping her tiny hands together." Let's get this show on the road." "I will just pretend I didn't hear that," I said as I hurried in front of her. "what?!" she exclaimed." That was a great line, wasn't it, Rose, Angela?" "Actually, I agree with Bella," Angela said. "Me, too," Rose said as she laughed with us. I turned around to look at her fully. I was about to tease her more, when I bumped into something warm and hard. "Sorry," I murmured while blushing "It's okay." I knew that voice. It was the perfect combination of rough and soft, like music. And that person smelled like smoke- cigarettes smoke- and musk and a delicious cinnamon like perfume. No, this just can't be true. This must be a nightmare. I couldn't have bumped into Edward Masen, of all the people I could bump into. I could feel dirty and violated already. I pushed away from him quickly and started walking away as fast as I could without looking that I actually was running. "Hey, slow down, Bella," Alice called after me. I was already at my locker. The damn thing refused to be opened even as I banged and tried to pull it open with all my might. "Whoa, calm down, Bells," Angela said as she approached me carefully. "I just…just…" I said; I didn't know if I was frustrated or embarrassed or just flat out angry. I was angry at myself for not paying attention. I was angry at my clumsy nature. And I was furious at the universe for allowing Edward Masen to exist. "I don't understand the reason you hate him so much!" Alice exclaimed "I don't hate him," I clarified," I loathe him." "But why?" she said "he is always polite with us and never once try to overstep his boundaries." "'Cause…" I stopped for a second to take a deep breath to calm myself," 'Cause he represents every bad and horrible things in a human being. He deceives girls and discards them after he gets what he wants. He thinks he owns them. Ughh, I. Hate. Him." "He's not that bad," Angela said carefully probably knowing my reaction to her next words, "most of the girls that he hangs out with already know his intentions," "That is not an excuse for his behavior and you know it," I said pointedly "He wasn't always like this," Rose said in a soft voice seeping with compassion and sympathy, "She Who We Don't Say Her Name did this to him. He was broken," "I know that," I said my voice losing the aggressive edge that it had a few moments ago. And I did know and understand what he went through. Everybody in Forks High knew; because there was a huge difference between Edward Masen Before & After. Edward Masen was the grandson of Elizabeth Masen. Elizabeth Masen was possibly the most kind and compassionate person on earth or at least Forks. When she was young, she used to teach at Forks kindergarten for free. She always organized parties for every occasion in the year and invited everybody to them. Everybody loved her. His sister Esme had just graduated from medical school just before what happen and moved back to Forks so she could work in Forks local hospital. She is now engaged to the surgeon of the hospital Dr. Carlisle Cullen. His father was Edward Sr. Masen, but nobody knew anything his mother. Some people said that his father married a woman against his grandfather's well, so his grandfather disowned him. Some said that he didn't want to live in the small town anymore and that he sent his kids to live with his parents because he and his wife were busy working. But the only absolute fact that we were all sure of: is that the Masens never answered anybody when they asked about them, even their grandmother. It was the most mysterious thing in Forks at the time, still is, but people just stop asking. He was a straight A student and every one said that he had a very bright future ahead of him. Almost most of the girls in Forks had a crush on him. But he never showed any interest in them and always tried to stay polite and a complete gentleman with them. Even though I didn't have a crush on him, but I respected his intelligence and personality. At the time I was extremely shy to even approach him and talk to him as a friend or as a fellow student since we almost had every class together. Then everything changed She arrived and everything turned upside down. She was- The sound of the bell ringing startled me back to reality. I was surprised to find myself next to Rose at our English classroom. "How did I come here?" I asked surprised "You kinda zoned out, so I had to drag you so we wouldn't be late," Rose whispered back. "You know how Mr. Mason gets when we are late." "Yeah…" I said my mind drifting again to where it was previously before it was interrupted by the ringing of the bell. "Miss Swan!" Mr. Mason said, almost shouted. "Yes, sir?!" I answered shocked by his outburst. "Please pay attention to the lecture," he ordered and that made me blush. I nodded slightly while blushing. I tried to pay attention and shoved anything else to the corner of my mind. Author's note: so what do you think? What do you expect will happen next? Please review and tell me your initial opinion to the story and what do you want to happen next and what do you think is going to really happen? The person who is going to guess it write will get a preview from the next chapter ;) Hope you enjoyed reading it. Thanks a lot to my wonderful Beta HogwartsDreamer113 :)