sit tight until Emmett gets back. Come Esme, we will hunt and have a talk" Carlisle said talking for the first time. They slowly stood and made there way out, there fast footsteps pounding into the distance. "She's right though" I said glancing at Rose from the corner of my eye, she didn't look surprised but I felt conviction in her emotions. "You're just saying that because Alice hasn't been giving you any lately" she said narrowing her eyes at me a little. "No, you are trying to force a human life on Bella when all she wants is to spend eternity with shitwad up there. It's kind of like you and Emmett and you know it. You're a hypocrite and it's selfish and arrogant of you to try and push Bella out of this family. You didn't think twice for Ems opinion on the matter when you were getting Carlisle to change him. It's not like he even wants to be with her any more, and there defiantly not mates, or he wouldn't want to leave her and refuse to change her. But we've all let Bella into this family and dragged her into this supernatural lifestyle, there's no going back. We either have to change her, which we wont do because he wont let us and Carlisle wont step up, or kill her which is defiantly out of the question. So we leave and wait for the vulturi to find out, Bella gets killed eventually anyway then we get hunted down and killed. Pick, because there our options. And that's without even taking in Victoria and putting her into the sum of this fucked up situation. If we leave, we still run the risk of the vulturi, but Victoria also. She could bring the family crumbling down with a few words around about the family and revealing ourselves to a human, she is still out for revenge and not just on Bella and Eddie." I said, patting her shoulder and rising to my feet, everyone now knew the seriousness of out situation and had a lot to think about. I could hear Edward sighing and pacing his room, in some way I felt bad for him but he had brought this all on himself. If he had just kept away from Bella like we had all told him to, except Alice, we wouldn't be in this situation. I decided to head up to my study and pack some books, even if they stayed I was going to take a break away from the family and head up and stay with Pete and Char for a while. I needed some alone time to get away from all this drama and stress, it was and enough feeling my own stress but add everyone else's I was ready to have a break down and a long needed nap. As I was just finishing the last page of one of my old journals, a beam of light shone through the clear cut glass of the windowed side wall, it penetrated every corner of the room, filling it with pure light. At first it was like a hologram, flickering and sparking into a clear image, but slowly Bella's face and body materialised into view. I gasped and Edward, Rose and Alice gathered around me and the red plush chair I was sat in. Her face was pale and almost see through, but she was still there. Her body and clothes were smeared with blood and she had a small but noticeable dint in her forehead with crusted blood surrounding it and dripping down her face and cheek. She wore a white tank top and some black leggings, she had Eskimo styled slipper boots on her feet, black with white fur surrounding the sides. Her once pure white tank top was stained crimson and a deep gash in her torso was under the torn part of the fabric, peeking out at us. Her leggings were ripped at the knees, little bloodied grazes poking out and bruises surrounding them. Her boots were splattered in blood and stained with blood and mucky water. Her hair was a messy and piled on top of her head in a loose bun. The weird thing was there was no blood lust, no smell of blood at all, in fact their was no scent of Bella at all, and the one that was in the air was at least a week old. The beam of light seemed to make her invisible when it hit her making it all the more confusing. Edward moved slowly towards her, his face in shock and horror. He gently reached out and tried, key word tried, to touch her face but it just shimmered into the light like a fog or smoke dusting out of the way for his hand. Her face was tear stained and looking blankly, not focused but not really here just staring. "What-how-what?" Edward said confusedly and tried to grab her, but got the same result as the glimmering and shimmering started again. This time though, she looked up into his eyes and an agonised sob tore out of her throat. I couldn't feel her emotions and I was pretty sure Edward couldn't hear her, were we all just imagining it? I knew that was impossible but I just couldn't think of a solution to this mad happening in front of us. "Bella?" Edward asked trying to take her hand, not getting the point he couldn't touch her, and making her shimmer out of place again, making her go out of visible sight and that's when I snapped. "Stop it!" I growled in frustration waiting for her to reappear, when she did, she was lying in a fatal position on the floor of my study and crying. We stood there in stunned silence as we all thought one thought. "What the fucks happened?" Thank you again, let me know what you think, i will try and keep up a weekly update.