breathed in the midst of an epiphany of a lifetime. "If you are strong enough to accept it," the angel said. "Are you?" But before she could respond, a voice called from over their heads, "Esme!" It seemed to be coming from the sky itself. Esme looked up, searching the unseen boundaries of the snow globe above them. "Carlisle? Is that you?" "Esme! Please, answer me!" "It's time. You must make your final decision now," the angel stated with urgency. . . .0O0. . . Carlisle's panicked voice continued to call her name, but the angel had vanished, and once again, Esme was swallowed into infinite darkness, falling endlessly. She heard Edward's disembodied voice speak as well: "That hunter must have ingested something, drugs maybe. It must have affected Esme's system." "I don't know how to fix her, Edward." "Her system will heal. You know that." There was silence in the darkness before Edward spoke again. "But knowing that isn't enough because…you still dread the worst. You would be changed without her." Silence again. "How long have you suspected, son?" "Your thoughts dwell on Esme quite often since she has arrived, but this is the first time I have truly understood of the depth of those thoughts." "I need you to understand –" Edward replied without hesitation to the question forming in Carlisle's mind, "I am happy for you. For us." Esme could hear them more clearly with each passing second, but blackness still surrounded her. Her limbs felt – well, she couldn't feel them at all. The angel's final words came back to her: You must make your final decision now. So, would she fall endlessly until she decided? Would she die – cease to exist – if she didn't chose? She didn't know. But one thing she did understand from the angel's words: this would be the last time her guardian angel would intervene. This was her very last chance to pick the life she wanted to live. Would it be as a human in a loveless marriage and children from her own womb? Or…could she be strong enough to pick the life that offered love, a chance to make a difference, but yet would never be easy. Again, Carlisle came through. Her savior once again. "Esme. Please ." I chose you, Carlisle! she tried to call out. With no voice of her own, she began to pray. Please, Lord, never again will I take my life for granted. Please give me this one last chance. I promise I will not waste it. I promise to love myself and everyone around me. I will be the beacon of hope you created me to be. With a gasp and a jolt, Esme's eyes sprung open. Carlisle's angelic, concerned countenance was, once again, there to greet her. "Oh, thank God!" He heaved a sigh of relief and drew her into his arms. He had never held her before, but she did not object. He pulled her close to his chest, kissing the top of her head. She could see Edward standing at the foot of her bed; his head was bowed, but he was smiling like the cat that swallowed the canary. At first, Esme was disoriented, even nauseated – an unfamiliar sensation for a vampire. But she had just been falling through space, she reminded herself. No up, no down or sideways. No wonder she was queasy. Her heavy arms rose to embrace Carlisle and he anchored her. Esme smiled into Carlisle's knit-sweatered chest. Yes, he was her rock to this world, to this life she had chosen, and to this destiny. And tolove. "Um, I think I'll just…go…anywhere but here," Edward said as he dismissed himself from the room as Carlisle and Esme's wordless hug lingered. Eventually, Carlisle eased Esme back onto the bed. He knelt on the floor next to her, taking her hands in his. She smiled widely. "I saw my guardian angel, Carlisle. She was beautiful. And she told me so much. Taught me so much about myself and my life." Carlisle looked into her eyes, but he didn't respond. Esme's face began to fall. Didn't he believe her? "My snow globe! Where is it?" She began to panic. "It's right here. I put it on the shelf for safe keeping. I found you holding it when you were unconscious in bed." He rose, retrieved it, and brought it over to Esme. "It's magical, Carlisle!" She took it from his hands and stared down at the town with its splendid Christmas tree. The snow stirred, drifting slightly against the miniature buildings. "What did your angel share with you, Esme?" She looked at Carlisle. His warm, golden eyes sparkled. "She said…" Esme bolted up. "She told me…" And suddenly she found herself scrambling to grab the fading, fleeting edges of a vision that was disappearing faster than she could chase it. "I…I don't understand. I can't remember what she said. It was important though. And it was real!" "Of course it was," Carlisle replied, easing Esme back down into the lying position on her bed. "Maybe you should rest." Carlisle turned to leave, but as he began to shut the door to Esme's room, she called out after him, "Wait!" "Yes?" "Carlisle, I never told you thank you. Thank you for this new life. I feel I have a renewed sense of purpose. I think…no, I know I belong here, with you and Edward." Carlisle flashed the smile that made Esme's insides swim in warmth. "I think so, too. And I hope our first Christmas together will be the first of many. It's not a simple life I have offered you, Esme, but I believe it can be a wonderful life." The End Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!