face their worst nightmare. Demetri and Kia ran to her daughter as her life snuck throughout her. She took his last breath in his father's arms. As the sobs out of Kia break the silence Demetri's sorrow was quick to change into white hot rage not only toward The Phoenix but also towards his father who forced to marriage on them " I AM GONNA KILL YOU, SON OF A BITCH" he roared and aim his gun at Richmond. Before anyone had the time to process the hit straight between Richmond's eyes. The whole war break through. The Phoenix men was quick to shoot Demetri just as The Voltura men started shooting . The whole war break on the church. The people were running frantically between the gun's fire. The Phoenix men lead their children outside the church just like The Voltura. They only cared about their own children unknown to them Isabella lost in sea of people and gun. Her cries drowned out into sound of guns firing and people's scream. Her sobs were wrecking through her as saw people fell to the ground with blood oozing out of their body. Renee was pushing into the sea of bodies trying to find Charles. When she finally saw Charles her relief was short lived as Felix point the gun towards her husband unknown to him. She ran towards her husband and did the only things she could do. Charles was firing any Voltura he could see. He didn't knew what to do. He was terrified out of his mind for Renee and Isabella. He did the only things he could kill the Voltura's who was trying to kill them. He didn't notice a body slammed to him. It took him minutes to register that it was the body of his wife. He watched horrified Renee started to slumb into the ground. " RENEE! RENEE! STAY AWAKE. OPEN YOUR EYES LOOK AT ME. LOOK AT ME DARN IT," He cried out in agony as he saw his wife dying. He held her towards her chest as his body shooked with sobs. He cried out in pain as her wife's eyes open slightly and she said his last words, Her voice barely audible " I love you" " NO" Charles voice roared as say her beloved's soul slipping away. His pain turned into anger as he roared " YOU SON OF A BITCH I WILL KIL…." his voice abruptly stopped as Felix bullet fired into his chest Even with death slowly clawing into him. His face found a smile as fell into the ground. His fingers managed to crawl to Renee hand and wrapped her small hands with his own board ones "I love you, too" In the distance Isabella saw both her mama and dada took their last breath. It was too much much for him to possess as fell to her knees. Shock shook her body as her body went limp Carlisle Cullen was rushing his wife to exist as killed whoever come in front of him. As he exiting he took noticed of limp body of Isabella into her knees. "Carlisle where are you going?" Esme said frantically to get her husband with her "I am coming. Go, go" Carlisle said he pushed her toward the exit. " NO , no come with me" "go I am coming. Take her" he ordered the guards as the took her away crying, screaming. Carlisle took off running towards Bella. He took her in his arms and she gave in without him trying to force. He took hold of her and ran towards the exit. He took her out as a Phoenix man took her out of his arms, too alarmed to see who he was. Carlisle took to opportunity to ran away before anyone notice that a Shadow Knights helped a Phoenix. Disappearing into the sea of people The fight finally ended and then there was sorrow on both Phoenix and Voltura. Phoenix loses its leader and the second in line leader, Charles and his beloved wife. Where Voltura losses it's second in leader and his daughter. Caius ,as next in line after Charles, became the leader. Felix became the second in line leader. Isabella locked herself in room With much ruclence both allies decided to have a secret meeting. Without anyone's knowledge into the dead center of both allies "Well I see the fight has obviously good for you. The one that was never meant to be a leader has become a leader. Now what price shall we have for you now" Aro darkly chuckled as he saw Caius "I can give you 10 million dollars along with 10 million worth shipment" Caius said as he knew Aro had price for everything "Well money is something too cheap for what your family had done" Aro spat his eyes glowing dark at the mention of what they had done. " you have also done damages to our family don't forget that" "if it wasn't for your pussy of a brother to leave the altar nothing would have happened, right? Caius was getting frustrated due to the anticipation of the future. He knew the extent Voltura could go "let's not beat around the bush, shall we? " "always to the point. I like it" Aro smirked sadistically seeing his frustration. One wrong word they will jump. "son for son, daughter for daughter" "what do you mean?" "not wisest one, are you?" he said as smirked evilly to Felix. "You see my Felix has been smitten with Charles daughter Isabella. When she comes at the age of marriageable age, you have to give her to us as your payment. We both know according to rules when she comes to marriageable age as the legimate daughter of Charles and Renee Swan she will took the hold of your leadership we can't have that, have we" Aro smirked sadistically as Caius pale face "or you can avoid that by marrying Isabella into our family" "Deal"