if he'd ever turned her down. A few minutes later the four of them left the table together. I looked at them with a slight frown on my face. Pale skin, dark eyes, inhumanly beautiful. Why I'm curious about the Cullens. 1. They're chalky pale 2. They have dark intense eyes 3. They're inhumanly beautiful 4. If you're inhumanly beautiful, you're not a human unless you a) Had a plastic surgery Or b) Aren't human... 5. One of them (perhaps the others too) can walk at an inhuman speed. 6. They don't eat. I went to Biology II with one of my new friends, Angela. We walked to class in silence. When we entered the classroom, Angela went to sit at a black lab table exactly like the ones I was used to. She already had a neighbour, so did all the others but one. I saw Edward Cullen sitting next to the only open seat. As I walked down the aisle to get my slip signed, I was watching him out the corner of my eye. Just as I passed, he suddenly went rigid in his seat. He stared at me with a furious expression on his face. I looked away from him at once, wondering why he was angry at me. Oh well, he might not be mad at me, it might be something else that's bugging him. Mr. Banner signed my slip and handed me a book with no nonsense about introductions. He made me sit next to Edward. I kept my eyes at the front of the class where Mr. Banner was as I sat in my seat. Edward shifted so he was leaning away from me, sitting on the edge of his chair, his eyes coal black. Okay so he was mad at me. But why? I thought about all the times we saw each other. In the woods, in the cafeteria and right now. What did I do during all those times to infuriate him? I felt it again. The dull ache went all over and then it stopped. I smelled a honey-like scent, the one I smelled at the Goat Rocks Wilderness. I remembered that my eyes got darker, nearly black and told myself that I should remember to put on the contacts that I had. I listened out for something to distract me. I listened to my heartbeat, which was boring so I listened to someone else's. I rested my head on my hand so my ear was at an angle where I could hear Edward's heartbeat. But I didn't hear anything at all. I listened for the teacher's heartbeat, his one was loud and clear and a bit appetizing. Then I thought about all the others in the class which was making my mouth water. I was thirsty but I couldn't just suck on someone's blood without everyone seeing it. Edward didn't have a heartbeat. I decided to listen to his breathing. He wasn't breathing. I waited five minutes listening to wait for him to breath, something that didn't happen. Well, there was another thing I could add to my 'Why I'm curious about the Cullens' list. One of them doesn't have a heartbeat and can last more than five minutes without breathing. 'What is she?' he muttered under his breath. 'Nice to know that we think about each other in the exact same way Cullen,' I hissed at him. He looked at me surprised, and then I remembered that my hearing became better and I wasn't supposed to hear that. No wonder he was surprised. After a few minutes of trying to work out why his heart wasn't beating, the bell rang loudly and I was out of my seat and I was out the door before anyone was out of their seats. I wasn't mad at anyone but I couldn't stand being near him. Once I was out of the class I ran to the toilet and put on my contacts. Once I got them on, I walked outside and walked to my next class. The Gym teacher, Coach Clapp, found me a uniform but didn't make me dress for today's class. I watched four volleyball games, my favorite sport. Back in Phoenix we had a girl's volleyball tea which I joined. I wasn't really good at other sports but I loved volleyball. I heard the final bell at last. I walked to the office to return the slips. Luckily it wasn't raining anymore but instead the wind was stronger and colder. When I walked into the office, I hesitated before walking in. Edward Cullen stood at the desk in front of me. He had his back to me and didn't seem to notice my entrance. He was arguing with her in a low voice. Because of my excellent hearing I was able to understand most of their conversation. He was trying to trade sixth-hour Biology to any other time. I was sure that it wasn't a coincidence. It was something about me that he despised about me. I didn't want to wait at the door too long so I walked to the desk, put the slips on the table and walked away. When I got to my car I turned the engine on and drove home. 'Mom, I'm home!' I called as I arrived home. My mom came out of the kitchen, 'Hello Lily, how was your first day at school?' she asked. 'It was fine.' She looked at me with a you-can't-lie-to-me look, if that look even existed, 'Tell the truth.' We had a staring contest, and my mom won. I sighed. 'There's this guy called Edward Cullen which hates me,' I said. 'Why?' she asked. 'I dunno, I sat in my chair, he leans away and glares at me. Then it happened and he relaxed,' I said. 'It'll be fine Lily,' she said and rubbed my back comfortingly. 'I'm gonna go do my homework,' I muttered and ran to my room before my mom could respond.