me!" I cried, my body shaking violently. "Alec, what's wrong?" Mr. Newton asked worriedly, pulling me into the house. His worried expression morphed into one of pure terror as he saw that my clothes were covered in blood. "Honey, call the cops, now!" "S-s-s-someo-o-one broke into the house, mom and dad are d-d-dead," I stuttered in rhythm with my tremors. "Jane's missing!" "Calm down, Alec. Everything is going to be okay. You're safe now," Mr. Newton said soothingly as he led me into the living room. "No it isn't!" I screamed, tears streaming down my face. "Everyone I love is gone!" I rocked back and forth on the couch. Mr. Newton looked absolutely helpless. I was just about to thank him for taking me in, when a whole new level of fear paralyzed my body. "Mr. Newton, I need to find Jane!" "You stay here and calm down. I'll go find her," Mr. Newton told me. He then headed out of the door and to my house. As I waited for Mr. Newton to come back, I remained on high alert, keeping an eye out for anything that was odd or out of place. About ten mins after he left, I saw a shadow of someone walking past the front windows. My blood turned to ice and my breathing caught in my throat. The only option was to hide. I ran to the coat closet and closed the door all the way to keep from being seen and listened for any noises. Suddenly, I felt the need to get out of there, and fast, but as I was getting ready to leave my hiding space, I heard Mrs. Newton screaming, "Jane, stop! Please stop!" My heart stopped beating and my stomach dropped. There was no way Jane could have done it, killed our parents… I ran from my hiding spot to help Mrs. Newton, but I was too late. Jane was stabbing her over and over again. "Jane, no!" I yelled. A smile slowly spread across my sister's lips as she plunged the knife once more into Mrs. Newton's chest. Her face twisted into a cruel scowl, her eyes narrowing nearly to slits. She jerked the knife out and then began to walk towards me. I knew this was it, I was going to die. As much as I knew I should be running, I just couldn't make myself move. Instead, I sunk to my knees and watched Jane move closer and closer. Just as she reached me, I heard it: sirens. Jane heard them too and her eyes became panicked. She dropped the knife and ran in the direction of the back door. I think I felt relief because every inch of my body suddenly felt like it weighed a ton. I remember the sirens getting louder and louder, but then everything went black. Six hours later I woke with a start, confusion immediately washing over me. Looking around, I noticed I was in a hospital, but I didn't know where my parents were or why I was here. I began to panic, thrashing my arms and legs and screaming. The nurses tried to restrain me as they yelled at each other about sedating me. "Stop it!" Charlie Swan yelled as he ran into my room, "Let me calm him down." "Chief, we need to, before he hurts himself or someone else," one of the orderlies argued. "He won't," Charlie said confidently, pushing past the nurses to get to me. "Besides, he has an allergy to most meds used to sedate people. So, most likely you will kill him, not help him." "Ch-ch-ch-charlie?! W-w-wh-what h-h-ha-happened? Wheres my Momma and Daddy?" "Calm down, son. You're okay and nothing is going to happen to you," Charlie said, pulling me into a hug, "I need you to be a big brave boy for me now, okay?" "Okay," I answered in a whisper. "Alec, what's the last thing you remember?" Charlie asked, eyeing me carefully. I searched my mind for a few moments before answering. "Going out Trick and Treating, going home, taking a shower, getting ready for bed...and then waking up in here," I answered, holding back my tears. Something was very, very wrong. "Charlie, why am I here? What happened?" "I need you to think hard," Charlie pushed. " Is there anything else you remember after the shower?" I tried to remember, I really did. I wracked my brain for a reason why I would be in the hospital without my parents sitting next to me. All of a sudden, everything came flooding back to me. My dad running into my room, telling me someone broke into the house...finding my mom on the kitchen floor covered in blood...a shadow in the doorway...not being able to find Jane. Then, finding my dad laying on the floor covered in blood...running to the Newton's house for help...Mr. Newton leaving to go find Jane and never coming back...hiding in the closet and then hearing Mrs. Newton screaming...running into the hallway and seeing Mrs. Newton being stabbed. I realized that no one broke in; that the shadow wasn't a stranger's and Jane wasn't missing at all. She was the shadow, she killed our parents, she stabbed Mrs. Newton, and then tried to kill me. What happened to Mr. Newton? Where's Mrs. Newton? Where's Jane? Why isn't anyone telling me anything? Why is Chief Swan here? Is Jane still on the loose? Oh God, why did this happen? End Flashback a/n: Please don't shoot me. I know I'm mean for the cliffhanger I lefted. I'm really thinking about making it a part 2 or something. I'm leaving this up to the readers too. So please review whether you like it or not. Let me know what your thoughts are. I do have a lot in my head for this story, and if it plays out like I want it to, it's going to get good soon. Thank you for reading and please Review. ~ ~Miss Clearwater~ ~