each other. My friends were the best and the best thing about being born and raised in this city was that I had the most diverse groups of friends, Rachel being a first generation child born here in the U.S of Dominican Decent and Laura as a second generation Korean that was born here. Rachel is that tallest one with 5'11, very curvaceous that fit perfect with her height, brown eyes and permanent suntanned skin, and Laura was only one two inches shorter at 5'9, thin with short black hair and a skin texture to die for. We all met in middle school when our lives were a living hell, being that all three of us were victims of bulling because I was too thin and underdeveloped; Laura was made fun of because of her eyes and sexually orientation and Rachel also fell victim to the overweight card. We bonded for our love in books, good grades and the ironic part was that by the end of college. I got my curves that included a 32D chest, Laura was a much solicited model during her time in college because of her eyes and Rachel grew and lost the weight except in all of the right places. "I'm starving, my chubby girl realness is coming out" Rachel hollers to a waiter who comes by and we all order our drinks and some appetizers. "So how's work sexy?" Laura looks back at me. "I start on Monday. It's been great to come back" I smile. "How about you?" Laura works as a Genecist at Mount Sinai Hospital. "Trying to find cures and transplantation methods, all in a day's work" "I don't want to talk about work" "ohhh baby did you have a tough day at work dear?" "I was off today but yesterday the boss wanted us to change the design for a new appliance line that we are doing for Whirlpool. I was 90 per cent done and now it's back to the drawing board" Rachel is a fantastic Industrial Designer for several big companies. "I was about to tell him to fuck off" "Why didn't you?" Laura asks mockingly. "Don't make me throw this crab fritter at you?" she responds as we munch on the appetizers and I take a drink of my pinot. "Have you talked to your family yet?" "I chatted with my dad this morning, he is as overwhelming as ever, and I'll probably see the rest of my family tomorrow for brunch" "I saw your dad on the news this afternoon. He won that W&R Tech case" "I know I saw it on my phone when I flew in this morning but of course I didn't say anything to him. His business is not mine and I would rather stay out of it." "The guy that was guilty of the charges is the same guy you use to date like a year ago" "Yeah but it didn't work out. I had no feelings for him other than one of a good friend. I just feel bad how things ended and that my dad was on the other side of that court room" "At least you never had sex with him" Rachel commented "No! I would never sleep with someone who I didn't feel at least an attraction or some kind of connection. He was just a good companion and great guy, it's hard for me to believe that he did all of these stuff he was accused of and found guilty for it". "These are the men we have to fight against…" she finishes her glass of cranberry vodka "And I'm glad you came back because I was living with a deceitful cheater myself three weeks before you gave us the news" Rachel had a boyfriend for almost three years and things went crashing down when she wanted to surprise him by coming early from work to only be surprise herself and see him having sex with another woman in their bed. "This is exactly the reason why I'm gay and single" Laura points at the two of us. "Men have gross dicks and they are dicks in their personal life" I guess they both were into their vodkas. "Don't say that, not all men are like that. I want to save myself in my own fairytale but having a person who loves no matter what and will protect you through it all sounds great. I do believe that still exists, we just have to be patient" "That's why we are going to dirty dance with strangers and then invite them back to our place for some raunchy uncompromised sex" "Poor Bella, she is going to have to hear your 'raunchy' moans through the thin walls. You can stay at my place if that ever happens" Laura comforts me. "You have louder sex than me liar! Two women having an orgasm at the same time is the loudest thing you are ever going to hear! I've stayed at your apartment and silence isn't a one of its qualities" I couldn't help but burst out laughing as they join my tipsy trance. Three single ladies talking about the resonances levels of sex, very classy. The night ended in us bar hopping and crashing at Laura's place where thank god no one had a partner to have sex with. " Disinformation is distinguished from misinformation in that it is intentionally fraudulent." Ellen P. Lacter This was the first chapter of my new story guys, it's something different and I hope you enjoyed it. We get a taste of what's to come and what these characters are all about. Is Walter really Innocent? Why doesn't Bella and Walter's story match? What will Edward do to help his best friend? I will be uploading the second chapter in a couple of weeks so we can get this ball rolling and provide you guys with more information. I thank you all for reading and have a wonderful week. Love you all