hugged her tight. "You are... Oh my God Alice, I'm just speechless! This is amazing !" Mama Esme squealed. If she could cry right now, she'd probably have a waterfall of tears flowing. "It's for both of you, so of course I'll make a huge effort!" Aunt Alice said. I smiled and walked to my mother, who was gushing on how beautifully decorated the garden was thanks to Aunt Alice. "Isn't it beautiful?" mom whispered to dad as she wrapped an arm around my waist. Dad nodded in approval. "Shortie is good —Ow! What was that for?" dad whined. Aunt Alice stared at him, annoyed. Judging by the bundle of rolled paper she was holding, she whacked him upside the head because he called her shortie. "I should've recorded that," I muttered. Mom giggled. "You should've seen it live," she winked. I cleared my throat. "Jacob Ephraim Black, whacked upside the head by a pixie like vampire!" I announced, imitating a voice over's tone in televisions. Dad raised an eyebrow at me challengingly. "Why, dear daughter, you wouldn't mind getting... tickled , would you?" he said menacingly. I gulped and backed away from my father, ready to run. Okay, my dad is wonderful, the best dad ever! But when it comes to tickle fights... He's unstoppable . He knows every tickle part of mine—which is almost every part of my body—and he loves to use that against me. I screamed as dad ran towards me. I scrambled my way to Uncle Emmett, who was busy laughing at my dad chasing me, not noticing that I was climbing to his shoulder already. "Whoa kiddo! You can climb ," he laughed and held my thighs to steady me as I sat on his shoulders. Uncle Emmett ran to grandpa, who was laughing along with grandma. "She's all yours, bro," Uncle Emmett said, setting me down and nudging me towards my grandparents. Grandpa mockingly guarded me along with grandma as I hid from dad. "Hello, father-in-law and mother-in-law! May I see my daughter who is obviously hiding behind you both?" he asked innocently. My grandparents looked at each other and shrugged, stepping to the side to reveal me in front of my father. I gasped. "You traitors!" I sighed to them dramatically. "Well, it was nice meeting you all, goodbye," I said with so much drama as my dad began to tickle me. I laughed so hard, my sides were killing me and tears were flowing out of my eyes. I squealed as dad brought me up from the ground when he caught my waist, spinning me around and landing me beside mom, who was giggling from our antics. "You are both so foolish and weird," she laughed out. My dad and I looked at each other, then looked at mom. "But we're your fools!" we said in chorus. She smiled and nodded, kissing my dad's cheek and kissing me on my forehead. "Okay, okay, stop the weirdness! The guests are coming!" Aunt Alice squealed. Everyone smiled and gathered together as our guests arrived. The roaring car engines stopped. There were muffled muttering and laughter as our guests came to view. "Jake!" one buff man said. Dad laughed and ran to them, doing those wrestling, noogie stuff and man hugs with each other. Even our other family members joined in the greeting. Brian and I stood there awkwardly. As I looked among the crowd of guests, one stood out to me particularly. He was tall—probably 6'2—and muscular, but not like a serious bodybuilder kind of muscles that my dad has. He had straight, cropped black hair, with the front of his hair swept to one side touching his forehead, but not enough to be considered as bangs. His skin was tan and flawless. He had a well sculpted face, with high cheekbones and a square jawline. His nose was tall and straight. His eyes— His eyes . A beautiful shade of green, that stood out so wonderfully. I don't know why, but I was drawn to him. I felt a pull, tugging me to be near him. It was weird. "Brian, Bree, come meet my friends—Bree?" dad called. I couldn't break the staring contest the boy was having with me. I was too drawn to his eyes, too drawn to him. A growl suddenly erupted. The moment was suddenly shattered and I jumped, seeing my dad, who was busy glaring at the boy I was staring at a while back. He—the boy—was still staring at me, kneeling down as if his knees turned to jelly. He was looking at me as if I was a beautiful, glittering jewel, as if he was a blind man seeing the sun rise to the sky for the very first time. His mouth was set agape, at awe. It was flattering, but weird at the same time. Dad suddenly jumped in front of the boy, making me jump in surprise. "Brian, you sister!" dad roared. Brian suddenly took my hand and pulled me behind him, positioning himself to a protective stance. The boys in our family—minus Grandpa Edward—suddenly stood at a protective stance in front of Brian and I, their backs facing us. "Jake," one of the buff guests who just arrived called out. "Stop, it's okay—" "No, it's not!" daddy growled. He's very frightening to look at, his eyes nearly black in anger as his body vibrated, the signal which fires out that he's possibly nearing to phase. A shiver rolled down my spine as I saw my father's menacing look that he flashed against the boy. "Jacob, calm down, Bree's frightened right now," grandpa tried to reason out to my dad, but to no avail. Dad ignored his words as all of his attention and anger was focused on the boy who was searching for me behind the walls of men in front of me. "You imprinted... on my daughter ," he growled. My eyes widened as those words escaped my father's mouth. Oh God.