problem is we can't seem to stop kissing long enough to get anything off properly. Edward's shorts are pooled around his ankles, his belt clanking against the flooring as we stumble towards my bedroom. My jeans are off, discarded somewhere along the way, and my arms are stuck over my head in my t-shirt. "Oh, fuck," I mumble into my shirt as Edward drops to his knees in the hallway, his hands and lips trailing down my stomach. But I can't see him- and I so desperately want to see him- but my arms are bent at awkward angles, making it hard to move. "Fuck…so…smooth…"He punctuates each word with a kiss, each lower than the last until I think I'm going to collapse in a heap. "So…warm, and… you kind of taste like… whiskey?" "Uh, yeah," I say to the cotton of my t-shirt. "It's not entirely a bad thing," Edward admits, and my thighs clench together as I feel his tongue brush across the skin of my hipbone. "Edward. Shirt. My shirt. Please." I whine, trying to press myself against him, rub my legs together and get my shirt off all at once. My shirt is ripped off of my arms, and I shriek as suddenly I'm airborne as he lifts me by the hips, one hand under my ass, the other around my waist. "Bedroom?" he whispers, as my legs wrap around him. "Left. Oh, God." His fingers knead my ass tightly as his tongue dips into the valley between my breasts. "Left, left, left!" Edward stumbles left and I hear him kick my door open before I'm flung down onto the bed. Finally he's all I can see, standing at the end of the bed between my knees in nothing but a pair of grey boxer briefs and a wrist watch. Jeeeee-sus . Resting on one elbow, I reach for the elastic of his boxers with my other hand, drawing him closer. He chuckles, letting me pull him on top of me, and I can almost hear my skin sigh as his weight presses down on me, firm and warm, smooth and heavy. I've missed the weight of a man on top of me, and the fact that it's a gorgeous man more than makes up for the dry spell. "There are so many things I want to do, but I don't know where to start," he admits to my collarbone, his hand gripping my thigh as I press up against him, feverish with the need for him to touch me. "Foreplay is totally overrated," I say, pressing my heels into his butt for leverage. "Plenty of time for that later. I think we should just have sex right now. Like, right now ." His head snaps up and his hand immediately moves to my waistband. "You are the smartest woman I've ever met." We wriggle ourselves out of our underwear and, without any preamble, Edward glides himself through my wetness once and then pushes on home. I want to bottle the feeling and keep it forever: the slight sting, the feeling of completeness, like the feeling of an itch that's finally getting a good scratch. Our movements are frantic, and his hands are everywhere, but nowhere for long enough. Barely breaking our kiss, I push at his shoulders and roll on top of him, my body already on fire and so ready for release. His hands guide me as I roll my hips over his, the movement sending shockwaves of pleasure right through me. All it takes is a few strokes of Edward's long fingers against me and my climax rockets through me making all of my muscles flutter and seize while the world goes white for a moment. As Edward rides out his own orgasm beneath me, I can't help but think that his cum face is much prettier than the one I'd seen earlier. To be honest, everything about Edward is just plain pretty. Panting, and suddenly very aware that I barely know this naked man beneath me, I lean down to kiss him quickly, before I slide off his hips and excuse myself to wash up. "Be right back." Closing the bathroom door behind me, I sit naked on the edge of the bath and try to find the part of me that should feel suitably abashed at bringing a man home after only meeting him minutes earlier. I mean, he could be out there robbing my apartment for all I know, while I'm in here swooning like a teenager. Is that what I'm doing? Swooning? I stand up and take a look at myself in the mirror, taking in the flushed cheeks and freshly-fucked hair. Yep. Definitely swooning. Taking a deep breath, I tidy up and creep back into my bedroom, where I find Edward in my bed, actually under the covers. The guy wastes no time. "Make yourself at home," I joke quietly, as I round the bed and crawl in beside him. He lifts his arm, letting me rest my head on his shoulder. "Is this weird?" he asks a moment later, dragging me from my post-coital daze. "You mean is it weird that you stole my cab and then we had sex?" "Yeah." "Nope." He smiles, squeezing his arm around me. "Good. Now…" He rolls me onto my back, and I feel the full weight of his dazzling stare as he looks down at me. "How about that foreplay then…" Just a kiss. Yeah, right. As he disappears beneath the bedsheets, an thought breaks through the lust-filled haze in my brain, and I'm met with memories of guys dressed in Hawaiian shirts chasing us out of a club. I press a hand to Edward's head, and he pops up from the dip between my breasts, eyes soft and lust-filled. "Uh, Edward. The girl who punched you; what did she look like?" The. End. Thank you x Wink FYI: I'm writing again and I like it. Just so you know.