his teeth while his hand snaked down over her stomach causing it to contract. He didn't stop, he kept moving his scolding hand downwards, resting for a split second on her soft trimmed curls, his pause was fleeting. He shifted to the other nipple as his fingers slipped down, touching her gently, circling her hood with expertise. She had never felt heat like it. Never felt so warm She wanted it to never end. She wanted it to remain this scolding This searing. His mouth had left her nipples, travelling down over her soft stomach, his fingers never stopping their circulation as the other traced her opening. The heat leaked out of her. It was glorious. His mouth kept going until it reached his first fingers. His tongue reaching her clit caused her to jump off the floor and sink further into it at the same time. He was lazy in his movements, tracing over every part carefully, always returning to gently suck her clit into his mouth before leaving it once more. His hands gripped her hips, anchoring her, controlling her. She relished it. Relished the control that vibrated off him with the heat Relished in the scalding heat that he offered. He tore his mouth away suddenly, retracing his previous path, eventually covering her body completely with his. Every part of his body covered her, locking the heat between them. His tongue was harsh in her mouth, unstoppable. The heat was glorious under her hands as she tried and failed to pull him further into her, she settled instead for pushing at the elastic of his trousers. It was unconscious. The heat had evaporated conscious thought away. It had burnt the doubt to nothing more than ash The heat was too glorious to ignore, too much but yet not enough. His hips rotated more as her hands slipped down, causing her to be pushed further into the warm floor under them. "Fuck" This time it came out half strangled from Paul's throat as he pulled his lips off hers. He just looked at her, his hot and short breath hitting her face. His dark eyes studied her, piercing into her. She should have shrunk away from it but it only served to warm her further, causing deep scolding shockwaves down her body. When he pulled away, a blast of cooler air attacked her body. It shocked her. The heat had been so consuming. She wanted it back, wanted the cold air to be banished. Her arms moved without thought up towards him, she needed him back to banish the air, to destroy the cold that threatened. "Patience Swan." She didn't have any though. She needed him back. The fire next to them was dying and she dreaded that the heat within her would as well. That the heat would go the way of the glowing embers. He could bring it back though. She knew he could. He could bring back the heat if only he came back. If his body covered hers again he could fight it off. The heat was back. His hard and all-encompassing body was back coating hers with a blanket of heat. He was all heat. He drove her further into the floor with his kisses, his hands were everywhere, burning her skin as they moved over her body, stroking, pinching , gripping. She couldn't keep track of his movements, it all felt so hot, so glorious, every touch burnt anew. His ministrations slowed. He was hard against her. The idea that the heat could be inside her was too seductive. Her hips moved up towards him. The heat slipped into her. It wasn't deep enough. The heat of his body forced her to open more. Her hips rose further off the floor. His hands gripped her hips. He slipped further into him. Pain is subjective. She should have whimpered as he entered her, should have been focused on the foreignness, on the bizarre feeling of something hard invading her. The heat was too strong though. The warmth spread from within her. It was more powerful than any pain. Her body moved instinctively as his did. The heat was all encompassing His grip tightened. His movements became more haphazard. The heat was coming from within her. Every cell within her was warm, rising in temperature. A hand pinched a nipple as the heat spread. It grew and the fire embers faded. The heat forced her eyes to open. Hit her with such force. He was the waves and she was the sand. The boiling waves battered against her, fighting against her body. Her body forced into his and he hammered against. The waves of heat got bigger as she was forced further into the floor. Her hands gripped his back, burning her palms. The waves grew. His movements became harder, quicker, warmer. She should have been aware of the noise coming from him as he shifted, his mouth latching onto her shoulder as his hips grew more erratic . The heat was unbearable He pulled her further in, sucking harder on her neck before he stopped and held her to him. The waves had stopped but the heat remained. It seeped out of her not just where they connected but from every cell, every part of her body. It settled into every molecule, every atom within her body. It was some comforting. She had wanted the heat for so long but she had forgotten what it felt like to be truly warm. To be able to feel the warmth in the air. His hand traced her side, warming the skin under it. She wanted to crawl into it, to be consumed and never let it go, for it to remain always. She didn't need to talk, there were no words to describe the warmth. It was too good for words, to glorious to be described adequately. She curled into him, his nails gently tracing her spine, the affection was sublimely deafening. She was warm