are your boyfriends and girlfriends?" He nodded. "Pretty much…oh, and Carlisle and Esme got their freak on with Maggie. The lust rolling off them was what prompted us to leave and search out something else while we were there in the first place." I…wow…I was kinda speechless at that moment. Edward, also, seemed a bit dumbfounded. "You find this to be a surprise?" I asked him. He grinned. "I guess they've managed to get quite good at concealing their thoughts from me. I mean, I knew about Jasper and Alice, mainly because I had actually walked in on them with Peter and Charlotte once…I wasn't supposed to be back so soon, and I'd changed my mind last minute, so Alice didn't see it, but, no, the Esme, Carlisle, Maggie thing shocked me. Who knew our parents were into that?" "Well why not, Edward? Carlisle and Esme are both very young and have very active sex lives," Jasper shot back at him. "Guys, really? I know they're young, I know they're not actually our parents, but still, that's just kinda icky to think about." They both looked at me and burst out laughing. "Icky?" I grinned. "What? I got it from Nessie." "If you start singing Jonas Brother's or One Direction's songs, I'm sending you home," Jasper warned me. I debated the 1D song, but knew Edward didn't deserve that. Nessie had all their CD's and crap, so I started humming a few bars of "Burnin' Up" just to piss them off and we all laughed as we started searching for our meal. Two days later, full to the brim and almost feeling a bit sloshy, we drove into our driveway and I parked the jeep, fully intending on cleaning it up from the mud and shit that was everywhere in and on it. We'd had fun off-roading, getting muddy and acting like fools, but now we were back home and my baby had to be clean, damn it. I stepped out, grabbed my bag of clothes from the back of the jeep and caught sound of an additional heartbeat. There was also a strange beat up old Ford Bronco in the circle drive. "Hey, guys! We've got company!" "I noticed. Maybe it's your little human," Jasper chuckled, punching me lightly in the shoulder. Crap. Was it? "Who is it, Edward? What's her name?" Edward cocked his head to the side. "I don't know…" "What?" "I can't hear her." My mouth fell open. "You're shittin' me. Are you sure your head's working alright? First Bella, now this chick?" "My head is fine," he snapped. "Sure it's not up your ass?" I inquired sweetly. "Sure you don't want my foot up yours?" he sent back. Yeah, this new attitude wasn't working for me. He was giving as good as he was getting now that he was finally getting some pussy. He growled at my last thought and I raised an eyebrow. "What? It's true. You're a different person now that your cock's not blocked twenty four/seven." Jasper laughed and gave me a high-five. "Truer words were never spoken, my friend." Edward growled at both of us and said, "Well, come on, let's go meet her. Her name is…Talia. Talia Grayson." Talia…it was a very pretty name. We walked toward the house and as soon as I stepped near the Bronco I let out a snarl and before I could react, I was seeing the sky as my brothers threw me to the ground. The smell…it was perfect…it smelled like violets and gingerbread and it reminded me of my Grandma McCarty's kitchen when she was baking. My mouth watered as venom pooled there. Oh to get a taste of it…just one tiny bite to sate my thirst… "Emmett," Jasper groaned. "Please, I can't hold on much longer. I feel your hunger. Remember, we just fed. Come on man, get control of yourself." In that instant, I knew, this human that they had chosen for me? To mate with? Yeah. She was my singer. I was so fucked. The door to the house opened and all the women came out onto the porch and that was when I got my first look at her. She was tall, perhaps five eight, five nine? With long black hair and beautiful eyes that were almost topaz, like ours were. She had creamy skin, with a hint of caramel in it. She looked perhaps to be part Native American and perhaps part Cuban? She was curvy…God was she curvy. All tits and ass and I don't know where the thoughts came from, but damn, I'd love to have my hands all over them. Jasper growled above me and said, "Cool it, damn it! You went from hungry to hungry and I can't keep up with it! I want to go and fuck Alice now. Thanks." I grinned, though I was swallowing venom like crazy. "My pleasure." Oh to have that wrapped around me. I'll bet her pussy tasted just as good as she smelled. I wondered briefly what her cum would taste like when Edward kicked me in the nads. Let me tell you, even a vampire is sensitive in that area when another vamp goes all up on them and I groaned. "Will you stop with the thoughts? You're not helping me either," Edward snarled. Just then, the smell got closer to me and I looked up into those golden eyes. She smiled down at me. "Hello, Emmett," her honeyed voice purred, dragging out my name into three syllables. Shit. She had a fuckin' southern twang to beat the damned band. She blinked and said, "Are you going to try not to kill me this time?" What the hell? Why did I have the feeling this was not going to end well? AN2: So…do we likey? Just wanted to whet your appetite! Shall I continue posting it? Let me know if you like it or not! I wrote this story just for me, though reviews are appreciated!