and held us back. I was determined to break through in the second half, I didn't care if I didn't score but as long as one of us did and we won that was all that mattered. "Come on lads, why so glum? We've still got forty-five minutes, we'll sort it out. The three points are ours today." Emmett laughed while dancing around the room. We all looked at him and laughed some even joined him. This is why he was captain, no matter how miserable the mood was in the changing room he could always lift it and get our motivation back up. Charlie gave us a few technical pointers to see if they would help break West Brom but apart from that we were good we just needed to keep our heads in the game and continue doing what we were doing. They were bound to tire out sooner or later and we would be ready to attack when they do. Emmett led us back onto the field; the Arsenal fans were singing and cheering us on. I loved hearing the fans sing and chant, it made me proud to be an Arsenal player and drove me to be my best for the team and fans. From the corner of my eye I was a wave of long brown hair bounce up and down, I turned to get a proper look and fuck me it was Bella cheering up on and jumping up and down on the spot. Fuck she's beautiful. I think my jaw hit the floor and I was getting hard again! I felt a slap on my arse and before I could see who it was I heard Jazz whispering in my ear. "Edward you can gawp at Bella later, right now you need to concentrate on that goal in front of you. You know to win the game." I shook my head to unscramble my thoughts. "I'm okay Jazz, just taken by surprise to see her like that." I coughed. God I couldn't even get the words out my mouth properly. I realised that it was uncomfortable in my shorts; I didn't need this right now. Thousands of people were in the crowd including the press and possibly millions were watching the game on TV; the last thing they needed to see was Edward Cullen running around with a boner. "Think of your gran." Jazz was still standing next to me. "What the fuck?" "Your gran will get rid of your uneasiness. Before you ask you can't see anything poking at your shorts but I know you well enough to know what you're going through." He smirked at me and walked off to take his position. I decided to take his advice and thought of my gran, low and behold my dick shrivelled up and started behaving again. Thank fuck for that! Emmett and I finally kicked off; apparently one of the fourth officials had got delayed. If those fuckers couldn't even get to the sidelines on time how the hell did people expect them to make the right decisions? Emmett and I played the ball wide, I passed it to Seth who made a fast run forward and slid the ball through to Jazz who crossed to Ben and he finally got past the West Brom keeper and scored for us. We all ran forward and jumped on top of Ben, even Mike ran the length of the pitch and joined in before running back to his goal. The away fans erupted into an ear splitting roar of cheers and screams, it was my favourite sound on the pitch. The game ended 1-0 to us; we ran over to the fans and thanked them for coming to the game. I ran ahead into the changing room to shower as I was having my one to one with Bella here. I couldn't wait to get under the shower I was drenched in sweat and feeling hot from running around. I grabbed a towel from my bag, kicked off my boots, socks and shin pads before peeling my top up my back and over my head. I pulled my shorts and boxers off together before wrapping the towel around my waist, grabbing my shower gel and shampoo before heading to the shower. Once I could no longer prolong my shower anymore I grabbed my towel wrapped it around my waist and headed back to my peg to get dressed, the lads had come in and were in various stages of getting ready to head back to London. XXX I opened the door to the medical room. "Bella?" I couldn't see her in the room, maybe she had decided to postpone my one to one. The thought both cheered and disheartened me. "Edward, I'm here. Take a seat on the bed and I'll be with you in a second." Her voice sounded close but I still couldn't see her. "Okay, erm Bella do you need a hand with anything?" "No, no Edward I'm good thanks." I sat on the bed with my legs hanging off the side; Bella came out of what looked like a walk in cupboard of supplies. "I'm sorry I took so long Edward." She smiled. "That cupboard was so messy I couldn't help but tidy up and they say physio teams don't need women around!" She laughed. Her cheeks pinked a little as she did. "Jesus Bella you shouldn't be tidying up their cupboard if they wanna leave it in a mess it's up to them." She looked at me sheepishly. "Well I couldn't find what I needed so the only option I had was to tidy up. Anyway I want you to life down on your back; I want to check over your muscles in your legs. Then I'm going to give you a post match massage." Shit she was going to give me a massage... Thank you for all for reading. Please take a minute to leave a review. xxx