tonight," he vowed as he touched my cheek. "Merry Christmas, Bella." "Merry Christmas, Edward," I responded with a smile. MP Epilogue: Four years later… I arrived home carrying a small bag in my hands. After my last exam, I went shopping. I bought something special for Edward to celebrate. Our lives have become busy, with him being in his fourth year of medical school, and my final year at U-Dub. The door opened to find that he had gotten home before me. The room was decorated with white lights, that casted a dim glow and all the furniture had been pushed away. Hanging from the ceiling, in the center of the room, was a kissing ball covered in mistletoe. A glittering from it caught my eye. I stepped forward, slowly trying to examine it closer. "Edward?" I called out in the quiet room. I got no response, so I stepped right underneath the kissing ball and looked up. There was a ring dangling from the mistletoe, not just a ring, but a diamond one, accented with sapphires, my birthstone. I dropped my bag at my feet, covering my mouth with my hand. The room filled with the song "It Must Have Been the Mistletoe." "Bella?" Edward appeared at my side. I stopped looking up at the kissing ball, and turned towards him. "Please, tell me these are happy tears." He brushed the tears from my cheeks. I nodded as I looked him up and down. The tears slid down more as I noticed what he was wearing. He was wearing his glasses with a bowtie and the Santa's Hat with Mistletoe was on his head, looking like the adorkable boy that I fell in love with. Only his hat didn't read 'kiss me'; it read 'Marry me?' "Isabella Marie Swan, will you marry me?" he asked quietly as he got down to one knee. He started to look nervous when I didn't answer right away. But I was so caught up with my emotions I had trouble getting the words out. "Yes." I nodded. I leaned down and kissed him. His arms wrapped around me and he stood up before he spun us in a circle. He placed me gently on my feet. He reached up with both hands so he could untie the knot on the ribbons that held the ring. He took my left hand in his, raising it to his chest level, and, while keeping eye contact, he slid the ring on. He brought my hand to his lips and kissed it lightly. I rested my hand over his heart, and leaned in for heart-stopping kiss. The kind that always left me breathless with my heart pounding when we were done. "The ring is beautiful. I love you so much and I will be happy to be your wife." I rested my head against his chest while I caught my breath. I closed my eyes, already planning to show him how 'happy' in less than five minutes. "The others are at a bar, we can go tell them our news," Edward suggested. "Text them, or we can tell them tomorrow." I bent down and picked up my bag. "I've got a Christmas present for you that can't wait." I waved the tiny bag. Edward eyed the swinging bag with curiosity. He reached for it, but I hid it behind my back. I grinned sly. "Not yet, I'll be right back." I kissed his cheek and disappeared into our bedroom. I changed into a sheer white baby doll that had been embroidered with mistletoe in all the right spots. I stepped out of the bedroom and waited in the doorway. He had his shirt off with his phone to his ear, so I waited for him to see me. "I asked and she said…" He looked up at that moment with a smile. His eyes widened once he spotted me. "Fuck me." He dropped his phone and strode over to me. I let out a laugh. "Please tell me that was one of our friends, and not our parents, that you just said that my answer to your marriage proposal was 'fuck me'." "Huh?" He looked over his shoulder to his abandoned phone. "Shit. That was Jasper, he's not going to be happy with me." He glanced back at me guiltily. His hands traced my body feeling every curve. "You distracted me. You look gorgeous, love." "I'm glad you like it. You have to kiss under all this mistletoe. Feel up to it?" I palmed his erection with my hand. He moaned as he twitched against my hand. "Always." He swung me up and carried me to the center of the room. I noticed he set up a pillow and blankets on the floor under the kissing ball. He laid me down first then removed his pants, tossing them to the side. He hovered over me, settling between my legs. "Wait," I stopped him, he paused. I stretched to the side, to grab the hat off the floor that he had abandoned and placed it on his head. "Perfect." I gave him a silly grin. He shook his head in amusement, tickling my nose with mistletoe. I let out a small giggle. "Are you ready, love? Because once I start, there's going to be no stopping me," he warned, his eyes darkened. "I'm ready. Merry Christmas, Edward. I love you." I placed my hand to his cheek and he kissed the palm of it. "Merry Christmas, my love." He kissed my lips lightly. He then moved on to explore his present. We made love multiple times that night, moving together as our entwined bodies became one. Nine months later—we had another blessing enter our lives. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!