dark, and mean above me. He growled out a harsh, "Watch it" before I got a chance to sneak around him and practically run to my room and slam the door. I flopped down onto my bed and cursed myself. God, I'm such an idiot ! What do I mean, 'I have better things to do" I have nothing to do! I made Sam and Emily look bad too, all their kindness and generosity and how do I repay them? By insulting their friends. Well, the one named Paul deserves it, he's a douche, but maybe they didn't mean to insult me by calling me a recluse. Is that what friendly teasing is? I'll have to go to school with these people and I've already ruined our first meeting. I turned over and let out a groan of despair into my pillow. Soft voices filtered from the kitchen and I inched closer the the air ventilation. I knew it was rude but after living here for a few weeks, you learn that from a specific room, the air vents carry the sounds from certain other rooms. Mine happens to eavesdrop on the kitchen. "Look what you boys have done!" I heard Emily scold. "She finally got the courage to say hello and you call her a-" there was a pause. "What did you call her?" Something was mumbled but I'm pretty sure I knew what was said. "A recluse ! That girl probably took that to heart, you buffoons!" "Emily don't you think-" Sam tried but Emily cut him off. "Yes I do think! I think that girl decided to avoid all of the pack now because of this! Her stay in La Push is going to be miserable now!" I could practically see Emily waving around a wooden spoon as she treated those huge guys like children. It brought a smile to my face, but her words, while in defence of me, made me kind of sad. She was right, I was planning on avoiding all of them now, was that really too terrible and idea? But that wasn't the reason my mother sent me here. She wanted me to meet new people, make actual friends. I couldn't do that if I insult someone then flee. I stood from my bed and smoothed my hair, flinging the door open and stomping down the stairs. I squared my shoulders and strut into the kitchen with as much courage and determination as I could muster. I took a deep breath and clenched my jaw for a second before words tumbled out of my mouth like verbal vomit. "I'm so sorry, I really don't have anything better to do its just I was super nervous and feeling a bit pissy and then I felt a bit insulted and acted like a cornered animal, and I really didn't mean it I'm sure you are all nice people but I wouldn't know that because I haven't actually talked to you but I guess I should be quiet now." I was staring at the floor and my fists clenched at my sides. I added a soft, "I'm sorry." There was silence. I swear you could hear a pin drop in here. My hands started to sweat a little and I risked an upward glance. Emily was smiling and Sam's lips quirked in an upward motion. The boys seemed a bit surprised and the mean one wasn't really even looking at me. I wanted to flee again but I settled for rubbing the back of my neck awkwardly. Oh, this was supposed to be much smoother, they probably think I'm weird. I messed up worse than before. "Um, you're welcome?" Seth said, mirroring my actions. He smiled awkwardly at me and nudged the others. The muttered, "No problem" and "Its cool". My head shot up to them and I beamed. Clasping my hands in front of me as relief filled me. "Wonderful! Oh good, I was so worried I ruined everything." Someone snorted and I immediately knew it was Paul, the ass. I resisted the urge to give him a dirty look and instead looked to Emily. "Did you still need my help?" She stared at me for a moment. "Oh! Yes, of course dear. Just the dough, like before." I nodded and hurried over to the counter, taking some flower and sprinkling it onto the countertop. I got busy helping and the boys all went into the living room. We worked in a comfortable silence before Emily spoke up. "That was brave of you Lily," she commented softly. I blushed a little and shuffled on my feet. "Well, I'm here to make friends, might as well start now." "Don't mind Paul, sweetie, he's just a big grouch." I stifled a disbelieving laugh, "Grouchy may not be the word I'd use. But really it wouldn't have mattered if my poor book hadn't suffered his 'grouchiness'." I was still angry about that, it was my favorite book, and I might never find another like it. Honestly the only reason I had it was because my grandmother gave it to me, and I have no clue where she got it from. I tried buying another version, but I couldn't find it anywhere. Not even Ebay or Amazon had it, and that's what surprised me the most. "What happened to forgive and forget, don't they teach that anymore?" Emily laughed, poking me with the rolling pin. I rolled my eyes at her, "That was my favorite book, and an heirloom, and its very rare! I've looked everywhere for another one, and that -that brute!- had to ruin it! Ugh." I flailed my arms and glared out the window. I wanted to rave about it to her, knowing she would let me, but I was aware that he-who-shall-not-be-named could walk in at any moment. Emily just laughed, and that was how my peaceful days of avoidance were shattered. Please please please review! It gives me warm fuzzy feelings and ideas!