over my thighs, making me shiver, up my hips and right to my breasts. His fingers pinch and twist at my nipples, causing jolts of awesomeness. I feeling light, happy and so fucking good. I ride his cock like it's our last day on Earth. And just when I can see we're both on the cusp of fantastic climax, I feel this overwhelming cold chill flow through me. My heart slows to a steady tattoo, making my eyes glaze over and my breath become even shallower than it was from the incredible sex. "Bella," Edward says, in a pained tone. I desperately want to say something, but I can't even open my mouth. I don't know what's happening, but I feel as though I'm losing control of my body. "Bella," Edward tries again, shaking my shoulders. I wince, pushing myself to take a chest-aching deep breath. "Help," I wheeze. Edward's eyes go wide and he pushes me to the side, pulling out and sitting up on his knees. "Bella," he damn-near shouts. "It hurts," I tell him, before the black takes over. *HW* My eyes pop open when the heavy curtain of darkens seems to lift. I grab the t-shirt lying in the bed. But I notice that Edward is nowhere to be found. As I take a deep breath, trying to fill my lungs as fast and full as I can, I feel the scratchiness. I need a drink. So bad. I stumble out of the bed, searching for a glass of water. Or anything at this point. My feet become numb as I shuffle over the chilled floor. I rub at my crusty eyes, feeling as though I clearly had far too much to drink the night before. That has to be the explanation for everything, right? I must've just passed out on Edward. I'll apologize and make everything better, once I've gotten a drink, that is. I couldn't have been asleep that long, though, it's still pitch black out. And as I pass through the hallways, I can see that Emmett is outdoing his own personal best. There are body parts, torn limbs, dripping with fake blood just strewn throughout the rooms. I make my way down the stairs, hoping not to see anyone, considering the state of dress I'm currently sporting. I round the corner, yawning as I feel a shiver take over my body. Rose really needs to warm this place up. It's beyond brutal. Just freezing. I clutch my shirt to my body, trying as much as possible to hold in the little heat my body has left. And then when my eyes focus on the sight in the kitchen, I stop dead in my tracks. I stare, breathless, at the scene in front of me and cringe, hoping that it is just another one of Emmett's pranks. But this one is too real. And when I realize Emmett isn't going to jump out and yell "surprise," I finally begin to comprehend that it's all real . A silent shriek tries to ignite from my body, one that would shake my soul, but I can't even control it. I can't even find my voice. It's not there. The sight is frightening! Terrifying! In the corner, there he is, lying limply. And the sickening white shade of his lips is visible from the doorway. It's as if I just know. I know he's dead and that this isn't part of a sick prank. I feel the hot, salty tears streaming down my face and the snot following right behind. But I know I have to go check. Go make sure. I have to see if this is really happening. I swallow and pull my shirt collar up to wipe my eyes clear. I give a poor attempt at trying to calm myself, steady myself. The coppery hair is so familiar, so real. With every step I can feel a rush of emotions building inside me. All the way until I'm kneeling beside the body, pressing my fingertips into the neck. A chill takes over me again. The same way it did last night. And before I can pass out, I take a deep breath. I feel again, attempting to see if there's any kind of pulse. His body is cold. "Edward," I whisper. There's nothing there. Then, I lean, putting my ear to the familiar lips and listen for breath. I feel a cold touch on my shoulder, but when I turn I don't see anything. "Shit," I sputter, trying to scramble to my feet. Edward's body slumps to the side. Revealing a pool of blood. Scrawled in it, the words. You are next. There's a creak coming from behind, but when I turn the door swings open. I stand in the middle of it all, not knowing where to look. "Fuck," I whisper, shaking. Every part of me wants to run out the now open door, but I can't seem to move my feet. All at once a whipping wind rattles the kitchen and as it blows through there's an ear piercing shriek. "In here Ang, it's in here." I hear from the stairs. "Oh, thank God," I breathe. At least someone can save me. "The meter's off the charts," Eric squeals in glee. Then I see them, rounding the corner with wide smiles on their faces. "He's dead," I tell them, shaking. Angela looks over at Edward's lifeless body and smiles. "Perfect." "I knew the little one was the perfect one to go to," Eric agrees. My eyes go wide. "Now to finish the job," Angela murmurs, before opening her mouth like a black hole and releasing a blood curdling howl. The wind whips and swirls around me, lifting me from the floor and holding me in the air. "What's going on?" I plead, frightened. "You'll see," Angela cackles. Then the cold takes over me again. Making my body ache, the screeching becomes too loud to bear. Then blackness. All blackness. Happy Halloween!