and rushed him. He gave a wide swipe at me with his fingernails that I easily sidestepped. I counter-attacked with an uppercut swipe and the claws of the makeshift sword sliced through his face like butter. Cauis screamed out in pain and hunched over, grabbing his face. I kept clawing him apart just for the joy of it and by the end he looked like he was in a fight with a werewolf and lost horribly. I grabbed him by the throat and squeezed. The familiar spiderwebs were soon spreading across his neck and I squeezed tighter. I could hear his windpipe breaking and I let him go, making him fall to the ground. I looked at him and gave a satisfied nod to myself. Good job. Just as I was about to go in for the kill, those bastard wolves showed up. I turned around and my eyes widened. Holy Pluto, there was about 7 of them and they seemed to be splitting off into groups. 3 started slowly making there way towards the whimpering Caius and the other 4 seemed to be moving into a V format. What the bloody hag was going on here! Werewolves are solitary creatures. There natural instinct is to conquer the other wolves to get more territory and defend that territory at all costs, not work together. I was quite honestly losing my shit here. I didn't have that much experience in fighting wolves. Sure I know the basics but I never actually had much reason to study there miserable existence. A tiny part of my brain articulately started conjuring up plots and ploys to kill most of them without getting hurt. The larger part of me was focusing on getting Alice out first and foremost and worrying about myself last. I gave both parts of me a big screw in my head. I needed to get Ali and myself out of here in one piece. I needed to be there to be able to protect her and teach her the ways of the Vampire. I came to the conclusion that the Voltouri was some of the dirtiest and undisciplined children I have ever seen. Those bloody bastards were using werewolves as fucking pets to guard there scary hides. The 3 wolves that was guarding Caius seemed trained to not move from his side until he gave the command so I figured I didn't need to worry about them all that much. I assessed the wolves more closely. The biggest one was the one in the front and he was easily about my height and Alice's put together which would bring him to roughly 12 feet. The other ones were about 8 feet which seemed to be the normal build for werewolves. I dashed the biggest wolf and jumped and grabbed it by its shoulders when I was about 6 feet away. My hands sank down into it's flanks and I used my built up momentum and its weight to flip us over. Once we were effectively flipped, I slid between the second werewolves leg. The first werewolf was far to big to fit and it ended up toppling over the second werewolf. Just as I was about to work on the next werewolf, the other one took a broad swipe at my face and it hit it mark. "Bloody cunt!" I roared out. My hands flew up to my face. I felt something a little sticky in my left and gave it a light squeeze. I let out a roar. That was me bloody eye! That flea infested mongrel took out me eye! I pushed it back in and it made a sickening pop that was all to sensitive for my ears. I opened my eyes and tried to look around. Everything was in permanent black and white and blurry around the edges. Like I was experiencing tunnel vision. No color at all. I started flailing around like a fish out of water. I'm a vampire for Neptune's sake! I need to see. I needed to take care of Alice. She doesn't need a crippled twit of a vampire. The wolves took the advantage of me flapping around like a drunkard. They circled me and I mindlessly attacked out, hitting anything I could get my hands on but it wasn't enough. I simply lacked the control that was crucial in any fight. The wolves seemed to know what they were doing, as if they were trained just for this job. They started breaking me apart by the major joints-knees, elbows etc. I did not scream. I wouldn't let them pride themselves to make them think they was actually causing me pain. Honestly it was like getting a tiny blister. I felt another presence and smelled the rusted blood scent- Cauis. He gathered up me up into a thick potato sack. It seems I'm going to be visiting the Voltouri. "Bella!" I heard a voice sounded from across the way. It was muddy and gurgled, like whoever screamed was being drowned. It was Alice. I let out a loud growl and tried to get free. Which is really impossible when you're only a head and torso. Alas, I still wiggled, growled, roared. Did anything to try to get free and let my Ali know I was alive! And to hopefully wait for me because I was getting out of there whenever I could. Okay, so this is the new first chapter. I'm going to take this plot in a whole new direction from the one I was planning at first. It will be much less cliche and I hope that everyone who stills reads this enjoys. Also, that was my first action scene ever and I would really like to know what y'all think about it. And if anyone knows how to write in a British accent, could you send me a message because I really needs some help and I think that would bring Bella to life more. R&R if you can!