his face with a hard punch—now that I look at him, there isn't a mark. Of course. I sigh and we head inside, wordlessly. I go to the kitchen as he goes into the living room, and grab two glasses of soda. I walk into the living room, managing not to maim myself on the table and sit across from him, placing his glass down in front of him as I take a feeble sip from my own. He opens his mouth, but I hold up a hand. "Before you say anything, I just want you to know that what you said yesterday hurt me. In more ways then one. Your actions speak louder then words, Jake, and by doing nothing when I called and tried to reach you, I figured that's what I meant. Nothing. What hurts" I managed to choke out, willing myself not to cry "is that you didn't even care when I stepped into the garage. No normal greeting. Just a simple wave." I look up slowly, to meet his pained gaze. He opens his mouth but I go on. "I knew that something was wrong that night, but I don't know the full extent. I guess, I was just… angry. At you. At Sam Uley" I snarl his name. "but mostly, I was hurt. I deserve to be happy Jake, and that may seem selfish of me to say. But with all I've been through, I thought I could rely on… well you. Again," I say with a shaky sigh "selfish." I pause, waiting for him to get up and walk away. Given my situation and issues, with the roles reversed, I probably would have done the same. But it falls silent and for a moment all I can hear is the thrumming of my heart and the heavy sound of my breathing. "Bella" he whispers. I don't look up, keeping my eyes on the bandages. "I… I wish I could tell you. You have no idea how much I wish I could. But I can't." he says and the tears in my eyes spring upwards, threaten to spill over. "I said I'd always be there for you, that I'd never go away and I did. I hate hurting you, seeing you like this. It kills me, Bella. You're pain is my pain, honey…" he murmurs and the soft tone of his voice carries itself to my ears with sympathy. "I want to tell you about…" he chokes for a moment, and then regains composure. "But it'd be harder to…" he stops. I look up and he narrows his eyes at the table in thought. Then he gets up, holds out his hand. "What are you doing?" I ask. But he shakes his head, nods at his open palm. I don't have to be told again as my hand slips into his with ease. He pulls me away with him, and I follow him as he takes me to my car. "Where are we…?" I stop, though, knowing he won't tell me. So I follow him and jump in without further questions. It's pathetic at how high I'd jump if he asked me to. And deep down, I know he'd do the same. We've been driving for a while now, until we come across a vast crescent of land I'm not familiar with. It's trees are tall and proud, and he pulls over, behind the trees until we're in the shade. Darkness of the pine spills fourth and weaves over the rare space, twisting and winding. He takes my hand, and I walk with him through the trees. I look at my surroundings and notice it's eerily quiet. I'm not scared. Jacobs with me. Not Sam Uley's Jacob. My Jake. We keep walking, and I feel like complaining like a child. I narrowly miss falling on my face as I nearly trip over a branch, but he just holds me steady and pulls me gently along with him. The sun disappears behind clouds and a small breeze kicks up, but I don't feel cold. With Jacobs hand in my own, his warmth flows freely through me, down to the very point of my toes. We come to a clearing, much like the one in my dreams. Much like the one I've known. But it's not as big as my own. He lets go of my hand and turns to me. "Promise me something," he says, his voice shaken. "Anything." I reply, reaching for him. He pulls back and smiles weakly. "You won't run away. No matter what happens here…" his voice is a haunted whisper and I find myself nodding with a "I promise, Jake." Above, the clouds come together slowly in anticipation. Jacob turns his back on me, walks further up ahead. I'm tempted to follow him, but I know I should stay. He peels off his shirt, and I gasp as I catch the russet skin laid out before me. Muscles flex up and around his spine, and I catch another glimpse of the tattoo as the muscles of his arms shiver with his movement. His hair, raven black, is ruffled softly and then he reaches for the hips of his pants. I stare, mouth agape, thinking of nothing as he strips down until he's only clad in his briefs'. He turns to face me, a smile on his lips. I stare at his stomach, the taut muscles under flesh and the—six pack or eight?—and feel my face heat up. "You promised" he says, his voice rushing to my ears with a hint of… fear? I nod and as if to prove my point, I draw an x across my chest. He smiles one last time. "Close your eyes, Bella" he orders and I do. For a while, all I can hear is the sound of silence. And then the sound of fabric tearing. And feel the earth shift beneath me when something hit's the ground. I open my eyes. And nearly scream.