give in to my desires. Then the realization of what I was doing seeped in, piercing me with icy slivers of guilt. The hands I had been using to draw him closer turned to push him away, breaking our connection. "Edward," I choked. "I can't." "You can," he insisted. " We can." "You're leaving. Jasper wants to marry me. I just..." "Bella - " I was pushing up and off the chaise before he could say more. My sudden departure startled him, and I was nearly to the door before he even was able to call after me. But by then, I was pushing past a confused Rosalie and Granddad, out the front door, and to my car. I watched in my rearview mirror as Edward skidded to a stop on the porch, and even though I couldn't see his face, the slump of his shoulders just drove the knife in my heart that much deeper. o-o-o-o-o-o I holed up in my townhouse for the rest of the weekend, ignoring the ringing phone, wallowing in my confusion. My head was telling me I should agree to marry Jasper. After all, we'd been together a while, and on paper he was perfect: he was well educated, had a steady job with Dad's law firm, and he was very kind. But then my heart got into the mix and reminded me that he was also boring, and uptight, and I had never felt anything with him remotely like what that I'd felt in that kiss from Edward. I pressed the heels of my hands into my eyes until colors bloomed behind my eyelids, then stood up, deciding a glass or three of wine would be the best way to solve my problems. As I crossed my living room, I noticed an envelope sitting on the floor of my foyer. My name was written in elegant script on the front, but there were no other markings to indicate where it was from. Opening the flap carefully, I slipped the single sheet of stationery out of the envelope. My sweet Bella, I thought my life was perfect, that I had exactly what I'd always wanted. And then the most extraordinary thing happened: you whirled into my life, and turned everything upside down. It was the best thing to ever happen to me. I hadn't even realized how lonely and gray my life had become. But now I know, because you have brought warmth and laughter and color and light to me, and I know I can never go back. It's as if I were Dorothy in Kansas, and you hurtled me into Oz. I will be back in two weeks. I'm hoping, selfishly, that I can convince you to wait until I return so I can try to persuade you in person. I know I have no business asking this of you, but please, do not agree to marry Jasper, not until I've had my chance to prove to you how extraordinary we can be together. If I have learned anything from Rosalie, it's that when you find something extraordinary, you need to fight for it. You are extraordinary, and I am fighting for you. Yours, Edward I swiped the tears that had trailed down my cheeks as I read his words, and took a deep breath. I knew what I had to do. o-o-o-o-o-o I hurried through the park, my eyes scanning frantically around me. Where are they? They have to be here. There. On the path ahead of me were Rosalie and Granddad. Behind them, with his hands buried deep in his pockets, looking like a man who'd lost the most important thing in his life, was Edward. I rushed forward, trying not to stumble on the uneven ground. "Edward!" He lifted his head and looked around. When his eyes landed on me, his eyebrows shot towards his hairline and he looked like he couldn't decide if he should smile or not. "Bella?" I launched myself at him, and his arms automatically lifted to catch me as his eyes widened in shock. "Wha?" was all he managed to get out before I tugged his mouth down to mine. At first his lips were stiff with surprise, but as I continued my assault, he softened and then, with a groan, gave in and kissed me back. Suddenly, he pulled away. I whined in protest but he wouldn't be deterred. "What... I mean... you... Jasper?" I shook my head at him. "I got your letter. After that, I knew... I gave Jasper back his ring. I'm willing to try for extraordinary," I murmured. The words had just barely passed my lips before his mouth was claiming mine again, hard and insistent. I returned his kiss just as fervently. Slowly, our surroundings seeped into my consciousness, and I could hear Granddad and Rosalie laughing and clapping. I grudgingly pulled away, though I stayed nestled against Edward's chest. "Told you it would work," Granddad chuckled. "You helped?" I asked incredulously. Granddad just grinned at me. "You meddled in my love life, so I figured what was good for the goose was good for the gander. You complaining?" "Actually, I think I owe you." "I'd say we're even," he argued, drawing Rosalie close. "Thank you, Granddad," I murmured, nuzzling against Edward again. His arms tightened around me and he pressed a kiss to the top of my head. As we began walking again, I smiled to myself. Who'd have thought a dress could change the course of my life? o-o-o-o-o-o A/N: My other entry for the Meet the Mate contest. Again, no awards, but I loved reading all the other entries and I did not envy the judges their task of picking the winners. I had to cut quite a bit to fit this story into the 5,000 word limit of the contest, so maybe I'll post some of the expanded story later (free time for writing is not something I have much of right now, though)