caresses with her lips before opening her mouth and seeking his tongue with her own. Her hands work the knot of his tie and then continue to the buttons of his shirt before pushing it from his shoulders. All the while their tongues tangle and caress. He pulls back to remove his undershirt while her nimble fingers work his belt and zipper. Within seconds he's standing there in only his boxer briefs. Their mouths collide again while her hands roam up and fist his hair, crushing their mouths together. Their passion flares, burning hot and heavy between them. He lifts her and she locks her legs around his waist. Turning, he carries her to the bed, tongues twisting and tangling the whole way. When he reaches his destination, she releases her legs and allows her body to slide against his own, creating the most delicious friction ever. She kisses him once, just a peck, before winking, turning and sliding across the bed. "I'm ready," she pants to him as she slips her panties down her legs. He doesn't waste a second; lowering his boxers, he tosses them aside and crawls up over her, stalking his prey once more. "Baby, I love you so much," he almost growls to her as he attacks her lips. Slowly and passionately they allow the fire to burn, spreading over them until the only way to put it out is sweet release. Edward poises himself over her, taking her in. The beauty of his girl naked before him with only the fire reflecting on her skin is indescribable. He can't remember a time when he didn't love her and can't imagine a time without her. With slow gentle movements he positions his cock at her entrance. He slides along the heat and slickness until he feels he might go mad with the desire to push. She's squirming and waiting for that moment when she'll feel complete with his length inside her, building the flames so high until she explodes. It's always been that way, and this time can only be more, considering the emotions burning through their souls. With one solid push he's inside and both their worlds are set right. Ever so slowly he pulls back and pushes in again, driving her mad with his patience. His movements pick up as their bodies slip and slide together. Hands roam and tongues taste skin. Connected souls and hearts entwine. Limbs tense and release. Breaths pick up speed and moans leave lips. This moment, these feelings, they want to hold forever. Never ending pleasure passing between them. Time stands still for them, lost in passion and fire. They make love until the flames are burning so hot they're afraid to be consumed by them. "Baby, please … I can't … can't …" he pants out to her. Her fingers slide south and find that nub that makes her pleasure peak. "That's it, baby." He picks up his speed knowing it's time to extinguish the flames that threaten to burn them alive. "Ed … ward … I …" Her words turn to moans by the intense spasms taking place throughout her body. He's dogged in his determination to prolong her pleasure as long as possible, driving into her with a maddening pace. Relentless. When she's finally completed her release he lets go. With one final growl, face buried into her neck, he finds his own powerful climax. A few more sloppy thrusts and all is still. Her hand finds its way to his back and caresses him from ass to shoulder and back, giving him time to settle back into reality. Once he can breathe again, he rolls them on their sides, still connected. The kiss he places on her lips is filled with love and reverence. Worshiping her. Amazed that this is his life, and he'll never be without her. "I love you, Mrs. Cullen," he says with a smile so wide his face might split. "I love you, Mr. Cullen." They lie there, both lost in their thoughts of what an amazing life they have and how it all began. Under the mistletoe. Edward and Bella, two years later This will be the first year the annual Cullen Christmas party isn't taking place. Everyone in Forks understands even though they'll miss it. The Cullens and Swans have something much more important to do. In Seattle, the family gathers around a tiny bundle swaddled in a Christmas blanket. Holly Noel Cullen was born four days before, disappointing her mother's hopes for a Christmas baby. No one is too upset about her being impatient to come out though. Her grandparents can't get enough of her. Uncle Emmett is completely enthralled. His new wife Angela, after a whirlwind courtship, has her own secret Christmas gift for him, the gift that they'll be parents, too, by next Christmas. And Holly's parents … they're over the moon. The love they feel for this tiny being is almost unreal. Even the love they have for each other, which is already overwhelming and legendary, has grown due to this momentous occasion. Later, after everyone has left, the two parents look down at the angel in her mother's arms and know how blessed they are. "Bella, thank you so much for her." She kisses her husband softly and gently runs a fingertip down her daughter's cheek. "Thank you, Edward, for a lifetime." That night, as the couple creeps up to the nursery to lay their sweet baby down, they notice something. They look at each other and smile, knowing her grandmothers have been here and brought with them one of the best gifts ever. Because hanging above the beautifully decorated crib, perfectly placed, is their very own sprig of mistletoe. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!