and motioned for her to take it. "They are waiting for us in the banquet hall, and everything is set in place. Do not test my patience princess. We do not have much time left before dawn." Seconds felt like hours as Isabella debated on whether or not she should come to him. The poison in her body had already taken its affect and if she did not act soon, she would have sacrificed herself for nothing. It took Isabella all of her strength in order to heave herself off of the wall. Hesitantly, she took a step forward towards Edward's arm. Now, the poison running throughout her veins was clouding her vision even more. Her hands began to get clammy and she felt a chill spread throughout her body. Before she was able to steady herself, she lost her balance and stumbled towards the ground. Immediately, Edward reached out to catch her fall, his deadly cold palms touched her heated skin, sending shivers throughout her body. Unwillingly, she leaned into him for support. "I've got you princess," he whispered, "I told you not to fear me. I'm not going to hurt you. " They walked quietly together towards the banquet hall, with her left arm wrapped tightly around his. With each step, Isabella had to use all of her strength in order to not collapse. If it wasn't for their unfortunate circumstance, she would've been thankful for his slow movements and willing support. Carefully, Edward guided her into the noisy banquet room, oblivious of the poison that was slowly killing her. 'Poor girl is so terrified, she can't even walk on her own.' he thought innocently. As soon as they arrived, the deafening chatters among the two hundred Volturians in the crowded room came to an abrupt stop. All eyes gazed on them as Edward nodded to a couple standing just beyond the far right side of the entrace. With a nod back in return, Carlisle Cullen raised his ruby encrusted goblet into the air and soon after his salute, everyone followed suit. Without uttering a single word, the crowd began to promptly part ways in two separate directions, creating a walkway that revealed a raised dais in the center of the room. The dais was constructed out of century old wood, with four blazing torches placed at each corner of the platform. Along the edges, smaller candles also framed each side. As soon as Edward took a step forward towards the stage, everyone in the room began to slowly chant in unison. In the ancient tongue of the Volturian natives, they hummed " Vi la vi che ses se... Di la vai che ses sa… Di la ve che!" Instantly, Isabella froze. Panic swept throughout her body. Here she was in a room full of vampires, the Mystic's immortal enemies. SHe couldn't believe that she was literally surrounded by the vile creatures that relentlessly slaughtered her people for thousands of years. Edward tightened his grip on her arm in order to nudge her forward. Now is not the right time for her to resist. If she continued to disobey him, he could lose control of his senses and harm her greatly during the bond. Once he was able to push her in front of the platform, he released his grip on her arm. Without warning, he picked her up and stepped onto of the raised wood. Isabella wanted to protest but his sudden movement momentarily made her head spin. The throbbing sensation in her body took over, causing her to briefly black out. Her limp head fell right onto his chest. A few seconds later, when she regained awareness of her surrounding, Isabella found herself laying on top of the hard ground, starring straight into the deadly eyes of the strikingly beautiful stranger. With his knees between her spread legs, he gazed down at her with a viscous look inside of his haunting red eyes. All around them, the flames from the candles and torches created dark and sinister shadows upon his face. At that moment, his primal instinct came to life, as his animalistic urges took over. He slowly curled his upper lip in order to reveal his sharp and lethal fangs. The reality of what came next struck Isabella immediately, as she closed her eyes, unable to hold his gaze any longer. She knew that within mere seconds, his fangs would pierce her neck, and from that moment on, their faiths would be sealed together forever. Isabella was certain that the moment that Edward takes her blood onto his lips, the poison from her body will spread into him as well. Like her, he soon will be paralyzed and unable to move, and by the break of dawn, death will consume them both. Edward allowed himself to be lost in the hypnotic chant of his ancient people, the instinct to bite overwhelming his senses. His resolved had faltered the moment he began walking the princess towards the dais. Like a curse, the words of his people successfully put him into a trance. All will be over soon - He reminded himself just before he shut down his restraint and allowed himself to be lost in their spellbinding words. No matter how hard he tried, he could not take his eyes away from the pounding pulse on her neck. He bared his growing fangs, ready to strike at any moment. The crowd began to increase their chanting louder and louder. With each moment that passed by, Edward's fangs ached to puncture her skin, in order to draw in her savory blood. He closed his eyes and leaned down, resting both of his hands on either side of her head. He took a big whiff of her intoxicating scent, a sweet mixture of mist and rain that reminded him of her true nature. He, Prince Edward Cullen of the Volturi was about to bind himself eternally to Isabella Swan, a sworn enemy- the aquatic princess of Mystic Rivers.