was still not entirely convinced that vampires were indestructible, but after examining her skin where she had been hit, she accepted that she was, thankfully, bullet-proof. Bella carefully brushed small shards of glass from her clothing as she took in the devastation that was their office. She surveyed the scene in front of her and quickly counted at least sixteen holes in the window and many more spent bullets lying on the floor or embedded in the walls. She bent over to help Alice onto her feet and as she straightened up she noticed that one of the bullets had gone straight through the precious purse and was now sticking out of the desk. Alice hadn't spotted this; she was more concerned about the damage to her clothes, as a large bullet hole was evident near to where her redundant heart still lay. "Look what those bastards have done to my jacket, Bella," she shrieked. "Alice, you've just been shot at! Isn't that slightly more important than damage to your clothes?" "I'm still standing, but those assholes have ruined my beautiful Dior jacket. This is, now was, an original from Paris; I had to pull all sorts of strings to get my hands on it. You don't get clothes like this off Craig's List." "Never mind about that, Alice; someone's tried to kill us and those gunshots must've been heard miles away. The police will be here any minute and it's still light outside. We've got to get out of here fast so they'll presume we weren't here when the attack happened. Grab your things, go out the fire door and get the car. I'll lock the front door from the inside and turn off the computers." Quicker than humanly possible, Bella made the office look as though they had already left for the day and exited through the back door. As she made her way to where their car had been parked across the street, she heard another shriek, but she could tell from the tone of this one that Alice had just discovered her bag now had two extra holes. A few seconds later a bright yellow Porsche roared up with a furious Alice at the wheel. "When I get my hands on those bastards I'll tear them limb from limb. Nobody , I mean no-bo-dy , ruins anything designed by Vivienne Westwood and gets away with it. This means war! Who do you think was behind the attack, Bella? I want to go after them right now and show them what the consequences are if you piss-off a vampire." "I've an idea who they were; but you're the one with the all-seeing-eye! How come you didn't see this coming?" "I don't know, but when I get home I'm going to lie down in a darkened room until I come up with some answers." Bella recalled the words of their attackers and she had already made an educated guess why they had been targeted. She was pretty sure Alice was probably thinking the same as her; that they'd been attacked because of a case they were working on. Being murdered because of their investigations was not something they had considered; up until then running the agency had just been a game. But now it was deadly serious and she had to drive that point home to Alice, so she put on her most earnest and assertive tone of voice. "Somehow we've got ourselves into some deep, deep shit, because, my dear Alice, that was a professional hit if ever I saw one. We mustn't think about revenge at the moment; this might have serious implications for the whole family and they've got to be involved with whatever action we take, as this could compromise our security. We need to get back to the beach house in double-quick time, because these guys are after us and when they find out we're not dead, they'll certainly try to discover where we live." Bella opened her cell and punched in the number for Edward so she could warn him about what had just happened. As she waited for him to reply, panic set in and her hands started to shake. Alice usually drove sedately when Bella was in the Porsche, but with Bella's blessing this time she floored the gas pedal and the powerful machine responded to the invitation with a throaty roar. As they sped out of the city towards the coast and the security of the beach house, the traitorous sun that could reveal their otherworldliness slowly sunk below the horizon. By the time the beautiful wooden house by the sea came in to view, the safety of night had washed over the landscape and silver moonlight was dancing across the waves and onto the sparkling sand. As Alice screeched the car to a halt, Edward and Jasper came out onto the deck. Literally in a flash, Bella and Alice were out of the car and into the arms of their men. It didn't make any difference to them that they were immortal vampires; they had been attacked, and that fact had slowly sunk in during the journey and they were shocked and frightened. Now, they had to work out who was trying to kill them and, more importantly, why. It was going to be a very long night. Oh Dear! I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. Alice and Bella have got themselves into some serious trouble but you'll have to wait a while to find out why. In the next chapter we go back a couple of months to just after Bella, Edward and his parents were changed, and we discover why Alice told Bella that vampire sex was "awesome"! Reviews and feedback are always welcome and I answer every review, so thank you in advance. This is the only time I'll ask as I'm not a nagger for reviews, so you can read on with a clear conscience if reviewing is not your thing. Joan xx