only child. Her mother, Jane Masen, wasn't fond of me at all and often hinted at the fact that my wallflower-ness could potentially rub off on her starlet daughter at Woman's Club meets. Whether it was a heated tennis match or a gala of ladies meeting while their husbands played some political golf (not that my dad even respected the sport of golf, he was there because my mom told him to be) if my mom was there, so was Mrs. Masen. She thought that being in close proximity with us would score her and her corporate businessman CEO husband good points with the social media- sometimes people forgot that my dad was just Charlie Swan after hours, not Chief of Police all of the time! "Fine." I murmured. My dad thought Country Clubs and Woman's Clubs were pretty stupid, because the only sport he enjoyed playing was fishing and the only matches he enjoyed watching were baseball or football, on a TV set where he could recline in his favorite seat with a nice cold beer. I didn't go out and buy pretty outfits for a day at Redding's Country Club like my mom. I wore some athletic shorts and a crew neck shirt for comfort. And I didn't attend with my mom very often; nobody there really liked me enough to miss my presence in any matter. "And that boy you were talking to tonight? Was he giving you any trouble?" I gulped silently at my dad's deadly tone. Just how much had my dad seen? I was about to speak when my mother cut in. "Who? Edward, Esme's son?" My mom got a bright smile at her own words. "No, Charlie, he's a perfect gentleman!" Yeah right, mom, butI contained my words and a dramatic eye roll. "A charmer, isn't he?" Rene looked at me from her fold out mirror. I blushed and broke eye contact with her for an instant, trying to collect my wits about me. Instead I focused on the swift glances from my dad through the rearview mirror. "He was fine, dad." I spoke tersely, detesting the triumphant smile on my mother's face. "We danced some and said our goodbyes. Edward was nice and kept his boundaries." I lied easily. Why tell the truth to my dad, who would kill Edward on the spot for crossing me in any way at all? Another prideful smirk from my mother brightened up her presence. "I don't think I'll be seeing him again, though." And the smile fell right off her face, just as I wanted it to. Take that, old woman! A deep frown enveloped her naturally youthful face. "Why not?" She stammered. "He's a good boy, and he's certainly sweet on you." Rene winked at me. I blushed like a maniac and ducked my head to conceal the tell-tale signs of my innocence. Ugh. Why did mothers feel the need to pry? "Mom, we don't use that term anymore." I emitted a giggle. "It's kinda old." "I'm not old! Am I old, Charlie?" My mom consulted my dad and felt at her face gingerly as she spoke. My dad had a grim face as he shook his head at me. "Be careful around that troubled boy, Bells." He warned me and turned back to his wife carefully. "No, Rene, you're not old. You don't look a day past sixteen." I supposed that was suave of him in my mother's eyes, because she let out this low-pitched grumble (that I guess was a mating call of sorts for older people) and my dad's foot pressed the speed limit. Great, he was putting my life in danger to rush home and have sex with my mother! Ewww, which was a way disturbing mental picture- Charlie never went past fifty mphs, but I could have sworn the speedometer read seventy by the last two streets home. I shut my eyes and laid my head against the window. What a night. Sunday - I was right in assuming my mom was feeling gun-ho about church and woke the house at nine o clock to put on our Sunday best. We hardly ever went to the Baptist church down the street from our house, but instead to the one across town where Redding's Board of Founders all attended. Lots of people went there, so my mom felt she had to be in attendance as well. Charlie often reminded her church was for worshippers, not the media, but she mostly blew it off. "Shall we pick up Alice on our way?" My mom offered as she slipped on her pearls in the kitchen. I shook my head. "Alice messaged me this morning and said she's not feeling well." I lied. Actually, Alice sent me a text of a sarcastic good luck when I told her about Rene's plans to be the perfect Chief's wife for the day. The Masens were not church-goers, least of all their only child, Alice. "That's such a shame, sweetie! Alice should attend more often, the Lord should be in everyone's heart." Her genuine smile nearly lead me to believe that she really did enjoy church. "Ready?" She fixed the sleeve of my grey cotton dress and smiled brightly into my face. "Beautiful." Rene kissed my cheek before reapplying her Avon lipstick and rubbing her thin lips together. I would remember that moment for the rest of my life. It was a scarce instance wherein she complimented and showed me the type of affection I so craved, without mentioning anyone else or gossiping like a rag doll. The rest of the morning went on in a sudden blur, where even Pastor Mark's speech couldn't draw me away from the cloud of thought I was lost in. I thought of Edward and his muddy first impression, my mother and her swinging moods/personas, and my current predicament… I was going to be a senior at Rocky Ides High School in a matter of months when summer was over.