ourselves, I had taken a photo of our plates and sent it to Renee while Edward sent one to his mother Esme. We hadn't had any responses so guessed that we were still getting the cold shoulder. We would worry about that later as now it was time for all the presents! XXX I went to our Christmas tree to meet Edward, where he said he would be after getting a drink but found the tree all alone. I called out his name in case he was still in the kitchen but got no response, the rest of the presents were still under the tree so he hadn't run off with them but I noticed that they had all been moved back towards the back of the tree. At the front was a little card, I knelt down to get a better look and it said 'meet me at the mistletoe' I was beyond confused. I looked around the room to see if Edward had suddenly come in to say he had been messing around with me but only found a blanket had been laid out on the floor next to the fire. I decided to humor the card and head outside to the mistletoe and see if that would enlighten me. I wrapped my cardigan wrapped around me as I opened the front door and went round to the side where the kissing stuff was growing. I froze on the spot as I saw Edward kneeling on one knee underneath the mistletoe with an open box in his hand. He had also created a path of red rose petals leading up to him. He looked up at me through his lashes and his uncertainty tugged at my heart. I overcame my shock and forced myself to take a step forward towards him, once I'd taken the first step the rest came easily and before I realised what was happening he had my left hand in his. "Isabella Swan, I love you. I have loved you from the second I laid eyes on you. I fell in love with you all over again when I got to know the beautiful person you are inside as well as out. I want to be your forever; I can't live in this world without you. Will you please marry me?" I had to blink back tears as they threatened to fall down my cheeks and turn me into a blubbering mess. I nodded. "I would love to marry you, a life without you, isn't a life" He placed the ring on my finger; I hadn't paid any attention to it until then. It was a platinum back with small diamonds leading to a slightly raised center diamond. It was elegant and not over the top...it was perfect. The tears began to fall as he stood up and hugged me tight, then lifted me in his arms and carried me inside our cottage. He laid me down on the blankets that were on the floor next to the fire and kissed me gently. "I'm going to show you just how much I love you." He kissed my forehead then my eyes and slowly traced my whole face with soft kisses. Kissing my neck, his hands slowly undid my cardigan and he lifted me slightly to get it and my t-shirt off, I reached for his top and pulled that over his head. He worshiped my naked body, softly kissing and kneading my breasts and kissing every inch of my stomach and arms. As he reached my belly button I lifted my hips so he could slide my jeans and panties off, which he did before stepping out of his own clothing. Kneeling in front of me, my legs were thoroughly kissed and massaged as well as my feet; he took his time with each one making me feel loved and cherished. I loved every second but was about to combust if I didn't get any kind of friction or release soon. He parted my knees gently and placed himself between my legs, biting my inner thighs as he got closer to where I wanted him. His tongue found my wet slit and licked its way up and down, only gently touching my bundle of nerves. My wet folds were parted and held in place as his tongue finally worked its magic, twirling around my clit before licking my whole pussy, sending shivers up my spine. A magical finger found its way inside as he began massaging my inner walls before a second finger joined it, the tongue continued licking and sucking my juices. It was slow and sensual and I was going to lose it big time, I felt my muscles clamp around Edwards fingers as I came hard and shuddered from the after effects. Edward licked his fingers clean and smiled. "You are definitely my favorite flavour, Bella beats chocolate every time." I pulled him to me and kissed him hard until he slowed the pace, my arms locked around his neck as he pushed his way into my waiting body. He moved slowly, an inch at a time, I tried to push him inside quicker with my feet which were pushing down on his back but he wouldn't budge. He slowly filled me completely and stopped for a second once he had, I felt whole having him inside me and then he started moving, making sure I felt every little bit of it. He kissed every part of my body that he could reach as he moved in me slowly building me up again. I moved my hips in rhythm with his, our bodies sliding against each other as we moved in sync until we both came together. XXX Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!