amusing?" me and sage asked "How do you do that" Kim asked "We don't know" we both said "Anyway move your asses" she said Skipping until after school Sage and I where at our motorcycle when Kim come running up. "Guys where do you live?" she asked embarrassed "The house beside Uncle Billy's house; honey. The grey one" I said "I live on the other side of uncle b's house so meet us at b's house" sage said "Bye doll, Babe. Love you guys" she said the kissed our cheeks blushing "Love you too honey" we said blowing a kiss. When we got to our house Kim was already there talking to uncle b on the porch. He had a huge snake in a glass moving cage, a big iguana in another one. They all had sage on them; there was a smaller one with a smaller snake in it that said Bella bee on it. I always wanted a pet snake but was never allowed. "Happy 17th birthday my darlings, I just with your father didn't abandoned you the moment your mother past on twelve years ago. Well sweethearts I have had people working on your pets rooms for the past three days and they are finally finished s lets take a look shall we? Oh sage I had your basement redone so you can have more pets" Billy said. "Thank you Uncle Billy!" sage squeaked jumping. "So Monday is pet day and I don't have a pet or anything for a pet. Could you help me?" Kim asked shyly "YES!" sage and I screamed. "First let's go take care of ours" I said, they both nodded. We walked up into my house, we went to what used to be my bedroom but now it was about half the size and it had a medium size glass panel it the front with sliding doors that lock. Inside was the most realistic setting I have ever seen. It was gorgeous. There was a hole and another tank below it and a little door to put the food into the bottom tank. The room was dark green with light green trimming, carpet, and ceiling. There was a door that had a ton of snake stuff and a freezer with frozen foods. It was beautiful in there. I picked up the ball python in put it in the terrarium and locked the cage. We then walked over to sage's house. Sage and I both picked up a cage; took them down stairs. There was two doors, one said 'iguana Kingdome' the other said 'Python Junction'. I set the huge python down then we walked into the iguana room. It had a glass wall and a glass door on the inside. There was a closet room full of vitamins, supplements and there was fresh food and vegetables in a refrigerator. Inside of the glass it looked like a rainforest and had plants and rain inside. It looked beautiful. There where vines and plants everywhere and a pond with a waterfall filter hooked up to a water hose. There where heating and a sun simulator thing above it. She let hells out and then walked with her into the room. She then walked out of the room and shut/locked the door behind her. Then we waked out of the room. She picked up the carry cage and walked into the snake room. It was like mine but it had four, only three had the sliding front glass the other one had a flip up lid above them. One tank said 'python' the others said 'saltwater fish', 'leopard gecko' and 'hermit crabs'. They had nothing in them, only the python one had stuff in it. There was a door that had all the stuff for the other animals in it. The room itself was black but the tanks lit up different colors when you turn the light off. She put the snake in the terrarium and locked it. "Come on honey, lets go find the perfect animal for you!" sage said bouncing. "YAY" I squeaked out, grabbing both of there hands running for Kim's car. "fist let go to the pet store so you can choose what pet you want then we can go to the pound or a local breeder and get whatever you picked" sage said "Okay" Kim said excitedly We talked a lot on the way to the pet store about what animal she wanted. She said she wanted a fish. She then got $700 worth of stuff and then we picked out a 90 gallon tank that come with the stand, light, and hood. We went back to the fish. "What size fish did you want honey?" I asked "Saltwater, a lot of small fish and a seahorse" Kim said "How about we go to your house and we will set it up?" sage asked "Okay! Oh I live alone also, just thought you should know" Kim said "Okay" we said After we got to her house and set everything up put the water in and fixed it up, we went to the 'seawater fish breeder' the guys name was Alexander. "Hey sage we don't have your special breed order yet" Alex said "No need, kimmi here wants a seahorse, 4 clown fish and two regales" sage said "Sure come on back and I will show you the tanks." Alex said. "Oh honey look at this one, its blue purple and black" sag said. When we got done there we went back to Kim's house. "Guys im going home and to bed, love you" sage said walking to us hugging us and giving us a kiss on the cheek. "Night doll, night honey" I said giving Kim a hug and walking to the door "Bye, love you guys also" Kim said quietly When I got home I went straight to be and thought 'wow I can't wait for tomorrow' A/n. so what did you think? Like it? Hate it? Opinions? Review!