I take a few minutes to enjoy the steam, trying to get into a better headspace, before I have to go in front of the cameras. After dressing in a track suit and donning my team hat, I walk out and wait for Coach Thompson to go over talking points. This is what he does. He wants to make sure we say all the right things to make the team look good as a whole, even though it was me who won the game. "I think you should just stick to the game. If anything else comes up, simply say: no comment." "Especially, if they ask about contract settlements," Alice, my tiny PR woman, chimes in. "Of course," I answer, glaring at her. "And make everyone look good so the world thinks of you as a team player," she adds with a pointed look. "What Ms. Brandon said," Coach says, nodding. "Be honest, too. They eat that shit up," Alice comments, as we reach the door. I shake my head as I'm practically pulled out the door into the crosshairs of media. They're everywhere, and more than ready to cut you at the knees. All the reporters are shouting my name, and I can't tell them all apart. That's what the handlers are for; one of them figures out who's got a good question and the other one drags their ass to the front. "Cullen, what do you think was the ultimate reason for the win today?" Pursing my lips, I reply, "I think it was my superior knowledge out on the field; there's nothing quite like it." Another reporter is pulled aside. "How did you decide to make that Hail Mary pass today?" "My gut—I'm telling you, I know the game and I know it well. If I didn't take my chance right then and there, we wouldn't have won." "What do you think were the major flaws?" I take a moment to collect my thoughts. "I think, more than anything, it was the lack of discipline with our greener players. I also think the coaches are to blame. They let us off easy during the pre-season and I'm not too happy about that." There're comments from reporters in the crowd; I can only hope they're getting all I've got to say because the rest of the team needs to wake up. "Edward, do you think the turnover that happened, while the ball was in your hands, is your fault?" I narrow my eyes at the prick. "Absolutely not! That's why the other guys are out there. They're supposed to be protecting my blind side. McCarty, left tackle, needs to step up and get moving a little quicker." I pause, taking a breath. I think it's only fair to explain the game to these fools. "If I didn't get sacked, there wouldn't have been a turnover." Frustrated and on the brink of being furious, I stand up and end the conference. I don't feel as though I owe anyone any explanation. The coaches put me out here to give them a show, I think I've done that. Hopping in my car, I screw out of the parking and head for my home. I need to go recharge, and I hope Maria has made something tasty for us tonight. I'm exhausted and a good, hearty meal is exactly what I need after that bullshit. My phone starts blaring from my pocket, and I roll my eyes when I see Alice's name appear on the screen. I press my hands-free button and wait for the car to answer. "What on God's green Earth was that shit out there, Cullen?" Alice screeches through the phone. "Me, being honest." "Dammit, Edward! If everyone on the team doesn't already hate you, they sure as shit are going to now." "I can handle myself, Alice." "I tend to think you can't, since you just went on National television and made an ass out of yourself." "No. That's where you're wrong. The team made an ass out of themselves. They played like shit, and if it wasn't for me, we wouldn't have won." "Jesus, Mary, and Joseph you're truly full of yourself, aren't you?" "If being honest is being full of myself, then I'm guilty. Sorry about that." "Moving on, we need to do a massive cleanup for this shit." I sigh audibly, gripping the wheel, as I try to rein in what I really want to say. "Cullen, are you there?" "Yes," I grit out. "I'm going to book you an appearance on one of those feel-good morning shows." "Christ Alice, I don't want to be part of that." "Too bad. You come off looking like an asshole and I have to clean up after your elephant-sized dump." I sigh again. "I'll call you with the details. Make sure you're ready for what I've got coming for you." I hum out something that sounds as though I'm agreeing with her. I can't imagine what kind of hell she has planned, but fuck that, I'm not a pony show. Alice has a way of making me feel ridiculous with her ideas of media support. I hate the media, they're disgusting vermin that belong in the dumpster with their publications. For now, though, I need to make nice, and Alice, I'm sure, is going to guarantee that happens. Stepping on the gas, I race home. I just want to be in the confines of my house, away from prying eyes and cameras. It's a little disturbing what lengths those bastards will go through to get their shot. Once the gate is open, I walk inside my beautiful, pristine, white house, ready to relax for the night. 'Cause I've earned it. Thank you for the support! I'd like to give a hearty shout out to Midnight Cougar, WiltshireGlo, and Cared! Without Midnight Cougar, I wouldn't have ever finished just the first chapter. I love you woman! I'll see you all soon for some more NFLward and Motoward! xox