my slit. Edward smiles and moves his other hand to my shoulder, holding me in place. 'I was leaving to find you so I could bring you right back. Take your shirt off.' I nod and Edward removes his hand from my shoulder, watching as I pull the material over my head and toss it to the floor. His hand moves back to my shoulder and I grip his wrist, turning it slightly to kiss his pulse point. 'What is this?' My fingers trace his wrist and arm, pushing slightly on the black marks that seem to be burned into his skin. 'Grease,' he says simply, 'I was helping a friend in La Push rebuild the engine of a '67 Volkswagen last night.' 'That's cool, that you know how to do that.' 'It's what I do Bella,' I look up after he says this, curious, and Edward smirks. 'I co-own a garage.' 'Oh wow,' I smile brightly, 'where? Seattle?' He shakes his head no and moves his hand to cup my neck, watching me intently, waiting for my reaction. 'Brooklyn.' My eyes widen and Edward drops his hand from my neck, resting his hands against the island on either side of my body. I lick my bottom lip and look away and Edward's hand immediately finds mine, locking me. 'I'm at NYU,' I say quietly, 'did you know that?' 'Yes.' My eyes snap to his, watching as he shrugs gently. My eyes start to sting slightly and I blink aggressively, quickly looking down at his hand in mine. I cringe as the guilt tears fall from my eyes and roll down my cheeks. 'Bella?' His hand finds my chin and pulls my face back up to his. 'Fuck, I didn't think you'd cry,' he says, 'I didn't know you could cry.' I laugh at this and more tears fall down my chin. Edward wipes against them anxiously, and I grip his wrist tightly, stopping him. His eyes meet mine and I smile sadly. 'I'm sorry,' I breathe. 'I hate Forks Edward and I couldn't stay here, I wanted out as soon as I graduated high school. You were, you just… you didn't care, about school, or the future and I guess I thought Forks was it for you. I couldn't let myself get close to you Edward, I couldn't afford a reason to stay here.' 'I'm so sorry I thought those things, because you generally deserve everything and I was so mean to you, pretending that didn't even know you at school. I mean,' I breathe heavily, 'I didn't even thankyou for having Emmett apologise to me, I didn't even make an effort to see-' We don't make it back to Edward's bedroom the fourth time. He holds me up by my waist as he drags his boxer shorts down my legs and I use my feet to push his jeans down his hips, giggling into his shoulder as he awkwardly tries to kick them off. My laughter quickly turns to a moan as Edward steps back between my legs, sucking gently on my bottom lip as his fingers slip inside of me. He bites down and I groan, wrapping my arms around his neck and gripping the hair on the back of his head. 'I can't wait to wake up with you in the summer,' he says as he kisses my shoulder, 'to see the sunlight against your skin, high lighting the marks I've left on your neck, your shoulders, the insides of your thighs.' 'I'm going to hold your hand at the farmers markets on Sunday mornings and whisper dirty words in your ear when you're haggling fruit. I'm going to take you to the little cinema on William Street and eat you out as soon as the opening titles begin. I'll meet you at Central Park during your breaks with coffee and we'll read erotic literature out loud to each other.' 'Lean back Bella,' I whimper and fall away from his body, positioning my hands against the island behind me, holding myself up. Edward leans across my body, flicking his tongue against my nipple a few times before wrapping his mouth around it completely. His fingers push deeper into me at the same time and I cry out. 'I'll watch you study on Tuesday nights and let you undress me while you practise your class presentations on me. I'll take you out for dinner on Thursday nights, wherever you want baby girl, and while the waiter is finalising our check, I'll tell you all the filthy things I plan to do with you when we get home.' Edward pulls his fingers out of me and I push forward, taking him in my hand and positioning him at my entrance. I rub his tip against my wet centre a few times and we both moan. Edward pushes himself inside and my hands pull against his hair, bringing him closer to me. 'On Saturday's,' I say as Edward grips my hips, 'I'm going to make you chocolate chip pancakes.' His mouth meets my neck and he sucks aggressively, I moan and arch my back, still trying to get closer. 'And when you're too full and lazy to move, I'm going to go down on you while you watch a homemade video of the two of us fucking.' Edward curses and my hands immediately tighten around his neck. He lifts my hips, easily bringing my body tighter against his as he pushes into me faster and harder, over and over. I come first, crying out his name as my nails scratch against the back of his shoulders, and Edward quickly follows, cursing into my ear and wrapping his arms completely around my waist. I lay my head against his shoulder, panting heavily as Edward lazily kisses a trail up my neck to my ear. 'Forever baby,' he breathes, 'I'm going to make you come over and over, every day of forever.' I laughed, because I'm so ready to let him.