waited impatiently at the tips of my eyes, ready to spill. His eyes cooled, the distance returned. "I'm thinking of Charlie of course. He needs you. Take care of yourself- for him." I nodded again. "I will," I whispered, forcing the tears that were about to spill over my cheeks back into my eye sockets. He seemed to relax a little. "And I'll make you a little promise in return," he said," I promise that this will be the last time you'll see me. I won't come back. I won't put you through anything like this again. You can go on with your life without any more interference from me. It will be like I never existed." his words were cut and sharp. I felt the shooting pain as if they had stabbed me. My knees must have started to shake, because the trees were suddenly wobbling. I could hear the blood pounding faster than normal behind my ears. His voice sounded farther away. He smiled gently. "Don't worry. You're human- your memory is more than a sieve. Time heals all wounds for your kind." "And your memories?" I asked. It sounded like there was something stuck in my throat, like I was chocking. "Well,"-he hesitated for a short second-"I won't forget. But my kind...we're very easily distracted." He smiled; the smile was tranquil and it did not touch his eyes. He looked sympathetic, but fake. Like the pain he was putting me through was nothing but a joke to him. He took a step away from me. "That's everything, I suppose. We won't bother you again." The plural caught my attention. That surprised me; I would have thought I was beyond noticing anything right now. "Alice isn't coming back," I realized. I don't know how he heard me-the words made no sound- but he seemed to understand. He shook his head slowly, always watching my face. "No, they're all gone. I stayed behind to tell you goodbye." "Alice is gone?" I said, my voice blank with disbelief. "She wanted to say goodbye, but I convinced her that a clean break would be better for you." I was dizzy; it was hard to concentrate. His words swirled around in my head, and I heard the doctor at the hospital in phoenix, last spring, as he showed me the x-rays. You can see it's a clean break, his finger traced along the picture of my severed bone. That's good. It will heal more easily, more quickly. I tried to breathe normally. I needed to concentrate, to find a way out of this nightmare. "Goodbye, Bella," he said in the same quiet voice. "Wait!" I chocked the word out, reaching for him, willing my deadened legs to carry me forward. I thought he was reaching for me, too. But his cold hands locked around my wrists and pinned them to my sides. He leaned down and pressed his lips very lightly to my forehead for the briefest instant. My eyes closed. "Take care of yourself," he breathed, cool against my skin. There was a light, unnatural breeze. My eyes flashed open. The leaves on the small vine maple shuddered with the gentle wind of his passage. He was gone. The tears streamed down my face blurring my vision. It felt like a lifetime ago. I could hardly picture his face anymore, the edges blurred and I could never get his voice to sound exactly right. It will be like I never existed. Those words stung the most. I shock my head vigorously, desperate to free the memory from my mind. Combined with the loss of vision, the shaking of my head and my uncoordinated self, I tumbled to the ground, landing in a bloody and crumpled mess on the forest floor. "Well, well, well I believe your time is finally up Miss Isabella Swan." My breath caught in my throat as icy hands ran over my neck. His voice was a musical lit, but mocking, "What would it matter if a worthless girl like you just disappeared?" His hands clutched my throat. I gasped as the tears ran over my cheeks. I would never see my dad again, I would never find out what ever happened to Jake, Edward was gone, and my life was over. I braced myself as his grip tightened. I felt my legs snap under his weight as he leaned on me, trying to get closer to my neck. I choked for air. I tried to scream. Blood was flowing from an open wound on my neck. The stench of blood enveloped my nostrils, sending a wave of nausea to envelope me. You can't even stand the smell of blood when dying Bella? I felt myself slip; unconsciousness was taking me over. The vampire licked hungrily at the blood that flowed from my neck. I was dead. I struggled for my last breath of air. The pain was unbearable; I wanted to die. Blackness was starting to creep up my vision. I closed my eyes determined to not let the vampire be the last thing I see. I felt myself thinking about Jake, picturing him the last day I saw him. I would never go to his graduation, never see his kids, or see him grow up. I choked back a scream. This was it. I was dead. Moments before I slipped out of consciousness, I heard a scream and the grip on my neck loosened and broke free. The rush of cold air as the vampire sped away, smacked me in the face. The reason why the vampire sped of I would never know. The cold of the vampire's skin still lingered on mine. I couldn't open my eyes; I was done. Dead. Suddenly, the cold was replaced with unnatural warmth. I wanted to look, but it was too late. I finally slipped into a never-ending sea of darkness. Missy~ I edited this, cause it actually scared me with the amount of grammatical errors. Hopes it's better!