stroke all the way, impaling me with his full length. "Christ ... so tight! FUCK!" Edward yelled. "I wish … god dammit … I'm not gonna last!" he growled as he pulled back and then thrust back in. "Just fuck me already, Edward!" I whimpered, jerking myself off firmly, but he was quick to slap my hand away again. "The only one making you cum will be me," he said fiercely as he began to thrust into me, bracing his hands on the headboard next to mine and almost bending me in half. He slowly pulled out and then gave a firm thrust, hitting my gland just right. "Fuck yeah! Right THERE!" He smirked and then he gradually picked up speed, snapping his hips forward, over and over again, his balls bumping my ass, and thighs slapping against mine. He didn't let up with the fast pace, his thrust gaining strength with each stroke. I released one hand from the grip I had on the headboard and grabbed his hair, bringing those red lips to mine. We were panting, our mouths open and lips touching, exchanging breaths. I murmured hotly how good he felt, encouraging him to keep the pace, to keep fucking me. He growled and one of his hands came down to grab my ass, spreading a cheek open, trying to get deeper. My legs were practically over my head and his hard cock dragged over my sweet spot with every thrust. "Touch yourself, Ri." I released his hair and grabbed my leaking cock. I pump myself hard and fast and I could feel I was closely reaching my climax. "Fuck, almost there ..." Edward crashed his lips against me and with the tight grip of my hand, I shot my load onto my chest and neck, my ass clenching around Edward. He moaned and shuddered, bucking erratically against me, and then finally cursing and groaning as he emptied himself into the condom. He then collapsed against me and I lowered my legs slowly, resting them at either side of him. We were both spent, trying to catch our breaths. Eventually, he slipped out of me and removed the condom, tossing it into a trashcan by the bed. "Stay here," he told me, kissing me once, twice, three times on the lips and then standing up. I closed my eyes, too spent to really pay attention, and I must've fallen asleep for I startled when I felt a cold cloth on my chest. "It's okay, it's just me," Edward murmured. "Turn around." I hummed and rolled over, letting him clean me up. A couple of minutes later, he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me closer, my back against his chest. "Victoria," I mumbled sleepily. "She's fine," Edward assured me. "Just stay with me." "Always." I closed my eyes, and the last thing I heard was a quiet "I hope so" before sleep claimed me. … Eighteen months later… " Welcome back to Rock the Waves . We are back on air with Breaking Midnight's lead singer and now officially married man, Edward Masen!" Pre-recorded applause filled the radio cabin, and I bit my lip when Edward winked at me. " Tell us Edward, how's married life?" " The best, love every second of it," he answered, licking his lips and earning a hearty laugh from me. " I see your husband is here with us, and you both look very happy." " We are, even though we've only been married for three months, it's been great." " What is it you like the most about being married?" He chuckled. "A lot of things, but I guess the fact I get to share my life with the person that has become not only my best friend and partner, but also the love of my life … it's an amazing feeling." Every woman and some guys melted at that. " And you Riley, what is it you like the most about being married?" An assistant passed me a microphone and I blushed, but then smirked when I saw Edward shaking his head. He already knew the answer to that question, because I had told him many times before. " Well," I said, pretending to think about it. "Besides what has already been mentioned, I gotta say that calling Edward Masen my husband is pretty freaking awesome." The entire cabin erupted in laughter and Edward chuckled, palming his face, no doubt trying to hide the blush he always got when I said that. I winked and blew him a kiss. It was unbelievable how one day could change your life, how one decision brought me what I never thought I could have. It all started that one morning, when I waited in the cold for a ticket to a show, with the intent of winning a backstage pass to see the object of my fantasies no matter what. It had been a crazy ride for Edward and me, with a lot of downs, but luckily with more ups. It hadn't been easy. Edward got a lot of backlash after he came out and said he was marrying a man, but we counted on the love and support from the ones that really mattered, not to mention Edward's fans were loyal to the end. We lived closer to the edge, with no regrets. All because that one night brought me more than just a mere backstage pass. Instead, I got something so much better. I got an all access pass to share my life with Edward Masen. The man I loved more than life itself. ~ The End ~ All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Closer to the Edge is the property of 30 Seconds to Mars, and I'm the property of Jared Leto. Thank you for reading, xo Mina