pulled through his hair again. She'd heard it before and recognized it. Unknowingly, she took a step toward him. "There was a car parked outside of your house last night. It wasn't the same one, though." He whistled again in that bird-like way. "Was red. I saw it pull up and park around one this morning. Didn't think much of it … but I … it felt off." Bella and Angela exchanged bothered glances. Sighing a shaky breath, Bella asked, "Your gut?" "Yeah. My gut. Fuck, I should have called Officer What's-his-nuts!" A flash of green and purple bruises across her cheek bones. A glimpse of ruby blood trickling from nose. Bella's eyes watered and she blinked, clearing the tears. "I'm calling Seth. He can sleep on the couch." The tone in Angela's voice made it clear she wasn't planning on running that by her friend. "And call your goddamn father, Bells! He needs to know Sam's been sniffing at your door again." Until that moment, Edward stood quietly, watching the exchange. "Who's Sam? Is he dangerous?" With a heavy sigh, Bella invited Edward into the kitchen, putting on a pot of coffee. As she moved around the tiny room, looking for places to stash the ridiculous amount of dog treats she bought, she told him her story. She fell in love with a beautiful boy with dark hair and dark eyes; eyes that gave the word mischief a reason for being. He had a wild streak and a passion for her so intense, it sometimes frightened her. She fell for a boy that held her close and pushed everyone else away. They lived in a bubble, just big enough for the two of them. The bubble popped, and what seemed whirlwind and exciting became terrifying. She'd found herself alone, without a friend to lean on. No one to show her bruises to, no one to take her shaking hands and tell her it would be okay. No one to save her from the thing Sam had become. The smell of coffee permeated the air, deep and rich. She inhaled. It smelled like comfort to her. It reminded her of her father, and brought her back to a small kitchen much like the one she stood in now. One that was safe and inviting. In a route, vacant way, Bella filled three mugs, setting them down and turning to the window above the sink. In the yard, Angela ran back and forth with the dog, laughing at the dog's antics. "I'm sorry, Bella. His apology was whispered. "That … I'm sorry." Lost for better, more helpful words, Edward looked up at the girl leaning against the counter. His eyes were sad. Carrying a tin canister over to the table, she sat down and pried the rusting lid off with a grunt. She placed it in the middle of the table, picked up a tablespoon and scooped out a heap of sugar. "Thank you, I think. Is that the right sentiment for something like this? I don't even know." She shook her head and tipped a second large spoonful of sugar into her mug. Watching her go in for a third scoop, he guessed, "So that's why you got the dog?" "Yup. And the security system that should be here any minute." "Good." Edward nodded and a few strands of hair flopped around. His hair is an unholy mess, she thought. "I'm going to give you my cell," he announced in a matter-of-fact way, but Bella easily picked up the nervousness that rattled the words. Pulling his cell phone out his pocket, he loudly suggested a poor farm animal do something rather impossible. He apologized quickly, an embarrassed blush creeping up his lovely cheeks. Lovely? Really? Since when did you think cheeks were lovely? Bella grimaced at the thought and went right back to staring at those perfect, high cheekbones. Edward's tick barely registered with her. It was background noise. "Or not," Edward said, seeing the strange grimace on her face. "What?" "Your face says 'No thanks'." "Shit, no. I want it. I just … You have great cheekbones and I was just thinking how weird it was that I was thinking about your cheekbones. Like who the fuck thinks cheekbones are great? Right?" She stopped rambling when a slow smirk bloomed on Edward's face. "Give me your phone, Seventeen." He held her hand out and wriggled her fingers. Quickly, she typed in her number and saved it under Fourteen. Taking the liberty, she also sent herself a text. "There." Bella handed him the phone and watched a beaming, mega-watt grin crack as he read the text she sent to her phone. Fourteen, great ass, but she's got nothing on these cheekbones. "I could stay," he said, a little uncertain. Bella took sip of her coffee and decided it needed one more helping of sugar. Edward watched, shaking his head as the fine powder disappeared into her cup. "I mean, I live right across the street. I can bring my laptop over, get some work 's really no big deal. It'd be nice to have the company," he added. "It would save Seth the trip back and forth," Angela chimed in, as the backdoor bounced off the metal frame behind her. She winked at Bella, not bothering to hide the smugness. "You, shut your hole," Bella advised, pointing a finger. Angela chuckled and shouted over her shoulder as she made her way down the hall toward the bathroom, "She called you 'hot', Edward." It was Bella's turn to blush. " Hot , huh? And you like my cheekbones," he teased, raising his mug to his lips. It didn't hide the smile. "I'm not above kicking you out, dude." Snickering, he put his mug down and stood. For a second she looked shocked, and then he said, "I'll just go get my laptop." Bella didn't say a word, just nodded her acceptance Thanks for reading, see you in the next chapter! ~MissJanuary