flex beneath my touch. I feel, rather than hear, when he begins to hum a melody I don't recognize. With my eyes closed and Edward's arms around me, I can almost forget I'm in a metal tube hurtling through the sky thousands of miles above solid ground. I feel the seat beneath me jolt suddenly and I tense, expecting it's turbulence, and I resist when Edward's arms loosen again. "Shh, love, we've landed. It's all over now," he says, gently shifting me back into my own seat. I'm completely confused - there's no way I missed the entire two and a half hour flight. But as I glance out the window, I see that we are, in fact, on the ground in Las Vegas. I can see the glittering lights of the strip in the distance. Now I'm mortified. Not only has this man had to deal with my panties and panic, but I've fallen asleep on him, and he's made not a sound of discontent. I should nominate him to be canonized as a saint. "I'm so sorry," I mumble, refusing to meet his eyes. "Hey, why are you apologizing, love?" He brings his finger to my chin and turns my face so I have no choice but to look at him. "Best flight I've ever been on." I search for any sign of teasing or deceit, but his eyes are earnest as they gaze back into mine. "Still, I wasn't exactly the best seat-mate. Panicking, and using you as a human pillow," I protest. "You can use me as a human pillow anytime you feel like, pretty girl," he says with a grin. I blush again and avert my eyes, reaching down to retrieve my bag rather than acknowledge his statement. I find my phone and turn it back on, seeing several text messages from Rosalie waiting for me. I flip through them - nothing critical, just concern about how my flight went and hoping I got in safely. Edward stands to debark the plane, and I realize this is it. I will never see this man again. The thought makes me incredibly sad, though I know next to nothing about him. I'm so wrapped up in my maudlin musings that I don't realize he hasn't walked off yet. "You coming, love?" he asks. I glance up at him, startled, but quickly regain my bearings and stand. I manage not to bang my head on the overhead bins, which is a miracle in itself, and stumble into the aisle behind Edward. Satisfied that I am not, in fact, staying on the plane, Edward turns and makes his way out of the plane. I follow and am slightly surprised to see Edward waiting for me at the end of the jet way. Then I realize that he must be waiting for the other men who had been in first class. I glance behind me and confirm they are not far behind me. I sigh at my absurdity. Of course he's not waiting for you. You practically molested him. He probably can't wait to get as far away from you as possible and laugh about the crazy lady he sat next to on his flight home. As I start to walk past him, he grabs my arm, halting my progress. My eyes meet his and he gives me a bewildered smile. "What's the rush, pretty girl?" "Rose is waiting for me," I mutter, trying to shrug out of his grip. He drops his hand and his smile falters. "Oh. Well, I thought..." he drifts off, reaching his hand up to scratch at the back of his neck. The rest of his group has reached us now, and he seems to be having a silent conversation with one of the blondes. He glances back down at me and smiles uncertainly. "Well then. It was lovely to meet you, Bella. Hope you enjoy your time in Vegas. Don't break too many hearts." I snort at the suggestion that I could break any hearts and turn to go find a taxi to the hotel. I hear hushed voices arguing behind me, before Edward calls out, "Bella!" I stop and turn slowly to face him. He runs up to me and holds out a scrap of paper. I look at him, confused, and he presses it towards me again. "I know you're only here for a short time, but if you find you've got some down time, maybe you'd like to call me? I'd love to take you out for a drink," he rushes out. At my hesitation, he continues, "Or not, no pressure. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, and you totally don't have to take my number if you don't want to, I'd just really like to see you again, get to know you a little better -" I cut him off by snatching the paper out of his hand. He gives me a relieved smile, and rocks back on his heels as he tucks his now empty hands into his back pockets. "Good. Great. So, you'll call me? Or you can text if you don't want to call. Or if you don't have time to talk or whatever." I can't help but smile at his continued word vomit. He sounds just like me when I get flustered. The thought is very comforting, that this perfect specimen isn't completely immune to human frailties. "I don't know if I'll have time for that drink while I'm here, but I'm sure I can find time to give you a call." His smile is practically blinding at my words, and he reaches out a hand to tuck some hair behind my ear. "I can't wait to hear from you, pretty girl." I can't help but smile back. "Yeah, so, um. Talk to you soon?" "I certainly hope so, Bella," he murmurs, as he begins walking backwards away from me. "Yeah, ok. Um. Bye," I stammer, turning around and stumbling off towards the taxi stand.