eyes must be glazed over and staring blindly. The grey eyes girl watched as the brown eyed girl tried to play her a song on her mother's piano. The girls auburn hair longer than it was when they were younger and her eyes retained their joyful glimmer but it had dimmed. They both had their joy dimmed but when they were together that joy returned to its former glory. They would run and laugh through the woods and both had a love for the arts. One would paint and draw while the other filled the air with beautiful melodies using the strings of her violin and the keys of her piano. This evening however was different. Alice knew they would be separated very soon and although it saddened her Alice knew it had to be done. In order to protect Isabella from the pale skinned man Alice had to leave. " Isa. There is something very important to tell you. Come let us go to the forest." Isa could tell the seriousness in the tone of Alice's voice and followed without a word. The girls walked and walked deeper into the woods until they reached their cliff. It was here that Alice sung her song. " I'm lost, so lost will I be able to see the sky again oh please one more day Wishing praying won't someone allow this shadow of the girl to see one more day. Remember, remember, please remember who I used to be. Who am I, who am I. I'm a puppet in their cage. Dreaming of the life I never had. Remember, remember, please remember who I used to be who am I who am my reality's slipped away. Remember, remember, please remember who I used to be. Who was I supposed to be " ( I would highly recommend listening to this watch?v=QbLMOAOoqvk ) The auburn haired girl looked at her friend with teary eyes. She felt the sadness in her friend heart and that made her sad. Alice wasn't like other people Bella didn't have to touch her to see her memories all she had to do was look into Alice's eyes. When she did she saw a blond man with pale skin and crimson eyes. This man spoke to Alice and told her she had 3 months to run before he found her. " Alice he can't hurt us. We have to stick together." Isa spoke when she saw what had caused Alice's sadness. Walking towards Isa Alice began to cry. " That's where your wrong. He isn't human Isa and he can hurt us. He is after me not you so if we stick together you will be in danger." Isa knew that tone in Alice's voice. " you had a vision didn't you." By this time both girls were crying " Yes I saw a vision a long vision. I will not tell you about it but here." Alice said handing Isa a key. It was a nice and simple key with a heart on top. Alice looked deep into Isa's eyes before continuing "I had a long vision that showed me the future that has been set in stone. I will not tell you the entire vision but you must know that I will become something inhuman. when this happens I will loose my memories of you and our time together. I will remember nothing other than my name. You will have died but in a way reincarnated. You will still have your ability and will have memories of us but you will not be the same. It's hard to explain but all i can say is that we will both be different people." Isa was confused at first but she began to understand that the next time they met they would be different people. Isa hugged Alice seeing that she needed comfort. " I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die I'll never forget the look in your eye." Isa cared deeply for Alice and never wanted to forget the emotions and memories she saw when she looked into Alice's eyes. When I came to lights were being flashed in my eyes and people were mumbling. "Bella can you hear me." came a voice most likely the one flashing light in my eyes. "yes and can you please stop trying to blind me I'm fine." after the words left my mouth the man laughed and turned off the light allowing me to see Carlisle and Esme kneeling over me. I knew I had to still be on the plane because no matter how long a memory felt it was never that long in the real world. "are you ok? You haven't been responsive" he asks concerned "yes I'm ok. It's been 3 minutes maybe 5." I say in a nonchalant voice. "so this has happened before?" once the words leave his mouth I realize the mistake in acting like it wasn't a big deal. "ya it a thing we're I zone out sometimes" I hope he doesn't pry too much into it. "my daughter has something like that her name is-" "sir can you sit down please we are about to land" the flight attendant rudely interrupts him but he is polite and sits down. Her words finally sink in and I run to the window and open it quickly. Fog, rain, and forest just like my mom complained about. I on the other hand love nature which may or may not be connected to the little girl Isa from my dreams. ok so I would really appreciate reviews because I'm really excited about this idea. I'm so exited I posted it even though I have two other stories to worry about so review and someone please give me tips on how to make a perfect summery because this one was bad. One more thing all mistakes are mine my beta is trying to set up an account but I reread it and shouldn't have mistakes.