been a good girl this year; Santa must have brought it for me." I reach out and let one finger travel along the cup of her bra, right below her breast, loving the way her skin pebbles and her breathing hitches at my touch. "Merry Christmas, Edward," she whispers, her eyes shining with love. I brush my lips to hers and then bury my face in her neck, kissing and tasting her all over. I move lower to her collarbone, tracing my tongue all over her chest. "Merry Christmas, Bella. I love you." She giggles when I trace my fingers lower, tickling her ribs on the way. Even though we've only been together a year, I decided to make the '12 days, 12 gifts' thing a tradition. I laughed when she told me that last year, she initially thought I'd gotten her underwear as the last gift. It turned out to be the red dress she wore on Christmas Day. Naturally, sexy lingerie was one of her 12 gifts this year. It's the first time I've bought her underwear, so I wasn't sure what her reaction would be. I'm guessing she doesn't mind, though. "Can I unwrap you now, Bella?" I ask, my fingers moving lower, toying with the lace of her sexy red boy shorts, letting my finger dip below the fabric. "Yes..." she breathes, her eyes closing. "I wasn't sure what you'd think of this... It's a first for us," I say as I lean back and pull the underwear down her legs, tossing them across the bed. I make quick work of my pajama pants and settle back down between her legs. "You know I love everything you give me," she whispers. "You're too hard on yourself." "I'll be too hard on you," I say, bucking my hips, loving the way our bodies mold together. Her fingers dig into my ass as she pulls me closer, and I slide a hand between her and the mattress, fumbling with the clasp of her bra. With all the barriers removed, she reaches down and lines me up, and I can't help but moan as I sink inside. My eyes roll back into my head as she threads her fingers into the hair at the back of my neck, tugging in the most delightful way, and pulls me closer, as if she can't get close enough. I kiss her as I push all the way in before pulling back slowly. She growls as I tease her a little, rubbing the head of my cock around her clit, watching her tremble. She both loves and hates it when I tease her like this, and I see her grit her teeth in frustration as she reaches down again. "Edward…" My name falls from her lips in a quiet gasp as I thrust quickly. She moans and clenches around me, and then arches her back to meet my thrusts. My gaze takes in the beauty below me. Not for the first time, I wonder how I got so lucky. Her pleas and cries spur me on to fuck her harder before I pull out and roll onto my back, maneuvering her on top of me. She gasps in surprise but recovers quickly, her eyes glistening with lust. "Yes..." I gasp, watching as she rolls her hips, finding her rhythm, grinding and circling as she locks eyes with me. Every time just gets better, and I fight to keep my eyes on her so I can just watch. Shadows dance over her curves, and I follow them with my hands. I touch her everywhere I can, playing with her nipples and digging my thumb into her hips. Soon, her movements become frenzied, and I can feel my own orgasm approach. I trail my thumb between us, encouraging her toward the edge first. "Come on, baby," I grind out, knowing I won't last much longer. I sit up a little and pull her closer, hitting even deeper and sinking my teeth into the soft flesh of her shoulder as she shudders and clenches around me. I follow seconds after, and we ride it out together, our hips slowing, hands clinging to each other, and her lips on mine. I collapse back on the bed, bringing her with me. We're all sweaty skin and heaving breaths, euphoric as we come down. We lie for a while, peaceful and content in each other's arms before she rolls off me and heads to the bathroom to clean up. I get up off the bed, pulling my sleep pants back on. I make a quick trip to the sock drawer where her next present has been hiding for six months now. I knew pretty early in our relationship that Bella was it for me. I mean, I knew before we got together, but being with her only confirms what I already hoped. Getting to know all of her, the highs and lows, all her little quirks and habits, good and bad; falling in love with her has been the easiest thing in the world, and I only fall deeper every day. After all the grand gestures and gifts over the last 12 days, I want this to be the one that surprises her the most. I thought of a million different crazy romantic ways to propose to Bella, but Christmas morning in our pajamas on our first anniversary seems perfect to me, and I don't think she'll be expecting it. The bathroom door opens, and she steps out dressed in her robe, pulling her hair into a bun on top of her head. She's in her own little bubble, humming a Christmas tune as she makes her way to the closet. I clear my throat, and when she turns, I'm down one knee in the middle of our bedroom. "Marry me, Bella?" xXx Thank you for reading – we hope you enjoyed our story! Hope everyone has a great festive period with friends and family! Karen & Meg xox