covered in wrapping paper, kept in place around his hips by tinsel suspenders. My own outfit is quite simple in comparison to some of the others, but Alice assured me I look adorable, and spent an obscene amount of time positioning me just so to get the perfect picture to send to Edward. The entertainment guys introduce the first game of the evening: it's a naughty version of the balloon game. This results in about thirty people, among which there are several Santas and Christmas elves running around in varying stages of undress, humping each other in order to pop the balloon tied to their waist. The guys even include a demonstration of creative ways to do so. I never knew about the vertical sixty-nine until now. When there is finally one person left with an intact balloon, they are presented with a bottle of pink bubbly, which is immediately opened and passed around. The music is turned up again and people start dancing. The tinsel boys' interpretation of Sexy and I know it is particularly mesmerizing, with the G-strings wiggling to the beat atop one of the picnic tables. Next on the agenda is a limbo competition, again with a naughty twist: when a contestant falls they're eliminated, unless they remove an item of clothing. It doesn't take long until at least five guys are participating naked. "I think they fell on purpose," Alice giggles next to me. "You just keep an eye on Jazzo, he looks eager to join," I point out, and she rushes off to convince him that not everyone needs to see his dick. While the sight is pretty hilarious to witness, I don't stick around to see who ultimately wins the limbo competition. Instead, I take the opportunity to avoid queuing at both the toilets as well as the fridges. I refill my cup of goon and move to the table in the pool table room to add some raspberry cordial to it in order to improve the taste. I cannot resist dashing quickly to my bunk to check my phone. Still no text from Edward, although my parents have thoughtfully sent me a Merry Christmas message. I type out a response, including a picture of me and Alice in our costumes, then stuff my phone back under my pillow. When I make my way back across the only paved road at camp I'm startled by a tall figure in the shadows near the shop. Not reading too much into it, I slip around the reception building, heading back into the party area. All I want for Christmas is you has just started playing, and everyone is jumping around ecstatically. o.O.o When I'm refilling my cup I feel someone move to stand behind me. "Did you know that you're standing underneath the mistletoe?" Edward's soft, slightly gravelly voice rings out in my ear. Faster than I think possible I whirl around and come face to face with the boy I can't get out of my mind anymore. The boy who hasn't been answering my texts. "Why didn't you answer my texts?" I ask. "I was on the road, hardly any service," he explains, and I know it to be true. "Good surprise?" There is no hesitation in my reply. "The best." "Fuck, you're gorgeous," he whispers reverently. "That costume really is… wow… there aren't any words," he continues, running a hand through his hair. I take a moment to appreciate the view of this enticing British lad in a pair of Santa boxers and a white singlet. But only for a minute, because he's looking too delicious to pass up. "You're not so bad yourself," I counter. "It was the only thing they had left," he explains apologetically, but I don't let him finish. "You're here, that's all I care about." Making it a point to look him over appraisingly, I continue, "Besides, you're hot." "Damn, I missed you," he confesses. "I missed you, too," I whisper, leaning up on my toes to finally kiss him again. He leans back, a playful smile on his lips, and holds something up over his head. When I look up I see that he actually brought with him some synthetic mistletoe. "Our first Christmas kiss should be as traditional as can be," he explains. I am not one to complain, and happily reach up my hands to tangle in his hair as he closes the distance between our lips. o.O.o Glossary of Aussie words and surf expressions used Arvo Afternoon Backhand riding a wave with your back facing the wave, i.e. going left when your right foot is back (natural footed) or going right when your left foot is back (goofy footed) Cock-Up Screw Up Coffs Coffs Harbour, NSW Duck Diving getting through the white wash or larger broken waves by pushing your board underneath it Goon Boxed Wine, Usually of Poor Quality, but cheap hence a backpacker necessity G-String Thong (Underwear) Gloria Jean's Australian coffee house chain Kick out Exciting a wave by riding up and over the top Leash Cord Connecting the surf board to the surfer's leg Rashie Rash Guard Shirt Scorching/Scorcher very hot ("She's gonna be a scorcher" = "It'll be hot weather") Set Group of waves suitable for surfing Sick/Epic/Gnarly Really good, Amazing Singlet Tank Top Stoked Excited Swimmers Trunks, Swim Shorts Take Off Catching a wave Thongs Flip-Flips Tim Tam Australian Chocolate Cookie Turtle/Eskimo Rolling getting through the white wash by rolling over with your board, allowing the wave to move over you – this is done when duck diving is not possible, usually with longer boards Ute Pick-Up Truck White Water Frothy, Broken waters White Wash Wipe Out Falling off your board Woopi Nickname for Woolgoolga, NSW Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!