course, his snow boots ( which he seemed to love for some obscure reason). "Give 'em to me," Edward sighed, accepting the pile of clothes that Bella had brought over to the bed. "Can't say I blame the kid," he snorted inspecting what appeared to be a pair of ridiculously fashionable toddler sized, designer jeans. "Don't be rude!" Bella smacked the back of his head "Those were a gift from Alice and she'll be pleased to see him use them." "A little overkill though, even for a birthday party, don't you think?" "I had a slim selection to choose from, all right," Bella responded sourly. "If you'd let me go down to the Laundromat the other day, like I suggested, we wouldn't be having this discussion." "I was just saving you from your own stupidity. You're not supposed to carry anything heavier than a gallon of milk," Edward gave her a pointed look, as he lifted the toddler off the bed and carried him off towards the bathroom. "You do realize I've been hand washing clothes for the past week and a half, right?" she shouted after him. "That's manual labor. I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to do that either. You should just fess up to your mistake and buy your sister a new washing machine." He paused in the doorway. "Look, you know I want to try and fix it myself first. It's just that I haven't had the time to look at it yet. I promise I'll get to it tomorrow." "Look at it all you want. I'm pretty sure it's unfixable. There were sparks coming from it and everything," Bella scoffed, but waved him off when he took a step back into the room. They had had this argument a number of times already. Edward didn't want to admit to Alice that he had broken her washing machine by overstuffing it with things that were not supposed to go anywhere near a washing machine. Long story short, Anthony had caught a stomach bug from his cousin Elliott about two weeks ago and had been puking all over his bedroom, twice, without warning. Thankfully, they managed to get the smell out of the clothes, carpets and drapes after several washes and a few overnight soaks in baking soda. The toys however, were a completely different story. They had made the empirical discovery that it was actually harder to get the sick smell out of plastics than anything else. Edward had turned to big brother Emmett for advice (it seemed appropriate considering that's where the germs came from). The only suggestion he had for them was to run everything through the dishwasher for a few cycles. It sounded like something that might actually work, but Bella couldn't live with the thought of letting anything that had been covered in puke inside the dishwasher. Even if she knew the high water temperature most definitely would kill of any harmful bacteria, it still seemed unhygienic somehow. This prompted Edward to do some googling. In the end he decided to try and wash the toys in Alice's washing machine. Big mistake… The washing part went without a hitch, but when it came time to rinsed and dry the toys through centrifugation, something got stuck behind the drum and now the machine was kaput in every sense of the word. This was undoubtedly something they would all laugh about in a few years time. For the time being though, it was still a bit of a touchy subject. "I'm pretty sure I can fix it," Edward insisted, bouncing a now squirming Anthony on his hip. "And if I'm wrong, there are pros that repair all sort of electric appliances for a living. I'm simply saying there is no need to tell Alice anything just yet." "Whatever you say, Edward. We don't really have time for this today." Bella sighed, turning away to look for her reading glasses. She already had a headache forming and she knew it was going to be a long day. "We've got guests coming over in a few hours." "Yeah, you're right. I'm sorry," he said quickly clearing his throat. "I'll get the kid suited up for a trip to the store. Groceries first, then breakfast, then the cake and the rest of the party preparations…. Anything else?" "No, Rosie helped me prep everything when she came by yesterday. All that's left is to finish that fu-…" she caught herself before the word slipped out. "The cake. I need to finish the cake, because we can't have a birthday party without Tony getting his green monster cake." "It's not too late to buy one, if you're not feeling it." "NO. I'll do it. I wanna do it. The cake base is already baked. I just need to make the fillings for the layers and the icing to decorate it with…. and pray it comes out looking like a monster. That's all." "I'd offer to help, but…" "Honey, if you value your life, you'll stay out of the kitchen." "Yeah, that's what I thought you'd say," he laughed, ducking out of the bedroom. . … . Bella was elbow deep in cake frosting when the doorbell rang, thirty-something-minutes later. "What did he forget this time," she grumbled, thinking it was Edward that had misplaced his car keys or something. Up until that point it had been a fairly normal morning in the Cullen/Swan household; a couple of table spoons worth of toddler antics, one fluid ounce of wounded male pride and quite a few cups of crazy pregnancy mood swings. However, as Bella Swan would soon learn, this was no ordinary morning. Wiping her hands on a kitchen towel she went to answer the door, only to be greeted by none other then Renee Dwyer. And just like that, her headache was back with a vengeance. . ….. . AN: So what did you think? Share your thoughts or just a smiley so that I know you're with me...