fall hard and fast as I cry and scream to myself in the confines of my rental car. The steering wheel takes the brunt of my anger at myself and the hate I feel for him. My heart pounds away in my chest, beating despite the knife he stabbed into it. And it wants what my head doesn't. They fight to reign over the other, both demanding to be heard and obeyed. I just don't know whom to follow. December 24th, 2014 The lights shine bright in the dark, like stars on a cloudless night sky. Even from a distance, I've seen them sparkling and dancing. Pulling into the driveway, I find that it's not only the windows Edward decorated, but the whole house. There's a wreath with an oversized red bow hanging on the front door, and the wooden Rudolph and Santa stand unmoving on either side of the stairs. The front door opens before I even have the chance to pull the car key. There's no yelling or running toward me though, he just stands there and watches me. It's only after working up the courage to actually get out of the car, that I realize he's holding a phone to his ear. "Yeah, it's her. She's here." The snow crunches noisily under my boots as I make my up to the house. Like a countdown that seems to get louder and louder the more you run out of time. He hangs up without another word as soon as I reach the last step. Even as we both walk inside, he remains silent, and it unnerves me. I've mentally prepared myself for all kinds of scenarios before making the drive back to the cabin, but the silent treatment wasn't one of them. Despite my inner tumult, I can't help but smile at the sight that greets me. Lights, figurines, candles and the lit tree, all out and situated in their rightful places. It's beautiful; just like I'd wanted it to be. I'm so mesmerized, I only notice Edward moving around as he sits down on the steps in front of me. "I did okay?" "It's perfect." He nods, wiping his hands over his thighs. I guess he exchanged his sweats and shirt from this morning for something warmer at some point, because he's dressed in jeans and a hoodie now. "We need to talk." "We really do." He holds his hand out for me to take, and though it's not an olive branch per se, I take it. "First off, you forgot your phone on your way out." He hands it to me as I sit down beside him. "Alice called a few times and I eventually picked up. I was worried and thought she might have heard from you." I sigh. "Goodie." "Yeah, she is pretty angry, so you better call her back some time soon. They're all worried sick." "They?" My heart drops. "So much for my surprise." "Believe me, you surprised everybody all right. It was inevitable though, Alice was cursing up a storm and dad heard, so…" "It's fine. I'm not even sure anymore how the hell I could have ever thought this would work out." "It would have if it weren't for me, to say it in your own words. And it was good plan," he smiles, tapping my knee with his knuckle. "Man, seeing their jaws drop would have been awesome. Anyway, mom is still over the moon that you're here. You'll probably get an earful for that stunt you pulled earlier, but you know she can't stay mad for too long. Just… don't do that shit ever again. Going through that twice was enough for me to last a lifetime." "I promise. And I need to apologize for— " "Accepted." "Edward." "No, it really is. I'm just glad to you're here and in one piece." He takes my hand once more and squeezed it. "And if it's about earlier, you have all the right in the world to be mad at me. I did some thinking, and you're right about everything you said. Fuck, I'm so mad at myself for having been such a bastard all along. It's no wonder you couldn't stand being around me anymore. Thinking that, by doing what I did you were forced to do what you did, really pisses me off." "Okay, but I want you to know that I thought long and hard about everything, too. And though, a part of me is still wounded and hurt by your actions, it's not fair to put all the blame on you. We've both been cowards, and we've both been idiots. We both made mistakes, Edward, and I want to apologize for mine." "Okay." "And I think that it's time to put the past to rest. I doubt it will work overnight, but we've wasted four years and it's enough. I can't do it anymore, I need to be around my family and friends I need to be around the people I love." "As we need you." Flashing me a bright smile, he leans back on the stairs. I follow suit, and though it's not the most comfortable position, we remain like that for a while. Holding hands and gazing at the ceiling, while lost to our own thoughts. "How do you feel about cookies and a hot chocolate?" I decide to break the silence once my butt starts to hurt. "I feel like that's exactly what I need after a day like this. C'mon." He pulls me onto my feet and into his arms. "I know we still have a long way to go, but I'm really happy to have you back." "I'm glad to have you back, too. I missed my… friend." Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!