myself to be sucking on my son's manhood as I helped him learn how to be gentle with his future wife. I didn't know how long I was sucking my son off, but I stopped as he called out my name yet again. "This is unfair. I want to see, feel and touch you too, Mom." At that, I was more than ready to turn around, offer myself to the hard length I just sucked off but there was a small part in me calling me back, making me hesitate in my actions. Eventually though, the carnal need took over. "Please, Esme." I couldn't say no to my son. Especially if he called me by my name. And so, I laid back down on the bed, parted my legs a little and told him, "Take it off, Edward." His hands grabbed the sides of my undergarment and he slowly slid it off my legs. I heard it fall to the floor, but my eyes were glued to that of my son's. He was staring intently at my legs that he desperately wanted spread open. He was patiently waiting for me to open myself up to him. And so I did. And I did so – slowly. It was embarrassing, so I avoided his gaze by staring up at the ceiling. I could feel my center throbbing with anticipation, awaiting his length to fill me up, fill that empty gaping hole that needed and wanted to feel pleasure. "May I?" my son asked me. Nodding, I swallowed and braced myself for what was about to come. I knew I was helping him out, but the feeling of this being wrong was still implanted in every inch of my skin that was feeling anxious for touch. His hand tentatively and gently rested upon the entirety of my vulva. It almost felt like my body jumped at his touch, eager for more. "Mom, you're almost completely bare down here. Why?" "Carlisle… wanted to see more of me. It was hard to do so with all the hair down there… So I shaved for him… And since we're not exactly living anymore, it never grows back…" My son was now staring intently at the strip of hair above my clit, and was tracing it with his finger. As his finger accidentally brushed against that small bundle of nerves, I cried out, and his hand jerked back. "Did I do something wrong?" he asked, a little worried. "Not at all. That spot is just very sensitive," I told him. "Ah, the clitoris… How magnificent that such a little thing can bring so much pleasure to a woman…" he commented. Resuming his trail, he finally came to the place that was dripping wet. "Mom, you're covering my finger in your… wetness." I pursed my lips in shame. I couldn't say anything. "I can't believe I was able to get you this wet, Mother. Do you mind if I taste you?" I lifted my hands over my eyes and covered my face from embarrassment, but I knew Edward took a lick of his finger that I soaked shamefully with my dripping opening. "You taste divine, Mother. I want more of it." My eyes widened in surprise and shock upon hearing what Edward just uttered but I didn't have the time to say anything in response, for he was already attacking me with his mouth, licking and sucking to get more of the sweetness he just tasted. "Edward!" I was moaning his name and thrashing on the bed as he added his finger into the mix of pleasure, then added two more. "Edward, I'm going to come!" As his thumb flicked over my clit, I really was nearing my high. Clutching onto the sheets, my toes curling into them as well, I begged for my son to stop. I wasn't ready for him to see me reach the pinnacle of my pleasure. "Edward, stop, please!" But he didn't. "I want to see you come for me, Mother." His fingers quickened and deepened, curling inside me, coaxing me to come. I was so close. Fingers, tongue, and mouth were fully assaulting me with immense pleasure that I could barely hold myself. "Come for me, please, Mom. Come for me, Esme." And I did. All over his hand, I did. The transparent liquid of my juices multiplied until his hand was completely drenched. I could hear him cleaning his hand by drinking my essence while I was coming down from my high. I didn't expect to be aroused so quickly again, but when he leaned over to my ear and whispered to me, "You look so beautiful when you come, did you know that, Mother? Did Carlisle ever tell you that?" I instantly felt another orgasm building within me, and as he flicked his tongue over my earlobe, I moaned in such a wanton way that Edward took it for me being ready to be penetrated. But as soon as I felt the tip of his length rubbing against my wet entrance, I started to protest. "Edward, don't! What will happen next should only happen between you and Bella on your wedding night." Waiting. Waiting. We both were waiting. But for what exactly? For someone to say something? For the single second it would take for him to thrust into me? For someone to call our names? Come to think of it, no one was home at the moment… Everyone was given some errand to take by Alice for the preparation of Edward and Bella's wedding… As I stared into the onyx eyes gazing at me, I was completely and utterly lost in thought. ~o~ Author's Note: I know this is a total cliffhanger. But I'm quite curious as to what my readers would want. Should they go through with it? / Do you think Edward will go through with it? Leave me your thoughts! I'll make sure to continue once I know which path they should take. *wink* ~Aoi.