bra before he lifted his eyes to mine, seeking permission. I nodded as he pulled the cup down and moved his lips over my nipple. Oh God, the feeling was incredible and I couldn't help but moan as he parted his lips and I felt his hot breath fanning over my skin. He kissed his way over to my other breast and kissed over it as he slipped his hands behind me and unhooked my bra pulling it from my body. He moved his hands to cup my breasts as he sucked my nipple into to mouth, flicking it as I moaned and arched into him. He kissed back up to my lips and I could feel his growing erection against my stomach. He pulled away quickly; and I felt the loss of his lips, and I groaned, fearing that he was going to stop us again. "Edward," I said as he looked down into my eyes. "Baby, do you think you'd be more comfortable upstairs?" he asked as he took a breath. "Please," I murmured with hooded eyes. I wanted to feel and see more of him. He stood up and then lifted me up into his arms and carried me towards the stairs. I kissed my way up his neck to his ear and I nipped at it gently. He growled lowly in his chest as he continued up the stairs at a quicker pace. He practically kicked his door open as he walked into the room and laid me on the bed and then he pulled off his shirt and laid down over me again as he crushed his lips to mine. My hands went to his chest as I ran my fingertips over his nipples and down over his stomach. I could feel his muscles constricting as my fingers moved over them. My hands went to the button of his pants and I fumbled with it. Once I had it unbuttoned, I slipped my hand inside and in a moment of utter boldness, I ran my fingers over his erection, and I heard him groan loudly in my mouth. I loved that I could get him to make a sound like that. "Bella," he murmured as he thrust into my hand. "If you keep that up, I'll be coming in no time." I removed my hand quickly and placed it on his back as he kissed me deeply. I moved my hand up and down his back and I could feel the warmth of his skin beneath my touch. He ran his fingertips over my nipple, plucking at it before he lowered his head and started kissing down my chest to my breast as he sucked my nipple between his lips again. His slowly sucked at it and I couldn't help but moan loudly, every nerve ending was set on fire and I didn't know what would quench this fire, except maybe more of him. Our kisses turned more heated as our bodies moved together, both of us seeking the friction we needed. "Edward," I whispered as I arched up into him. "What is it, baby?" he asked as he kissed along my neck. "I ...I want more." He got up quickly, took off the rest of his clothes and then sat on the edge of the bed, looking down at me. It looked like he was seeking permission. I nodded up at him, and he moved his hands to my pants and slid them down my legs. I felt a bit self-conscious as his eyes traveled up my body before he moved his over mine. "You're so beautiful, Baby," he murmured as he crushed his lips to mine and kissed me deeply. I moved my hands up his back to his shoulders and then back down again as our hands explored each other. He nudged my legs apart as he settled between them and our tongues tangled together. I felt him so close to where I wanted him. I pulled my lips from his and looked deep into his eyes; I saw a look of love there that I've never seen from anyone before and I wanted to keep that look there forever. I slid my hand down his chest to his rigid cock and wrapped my hand around him as I guided him inside me. We both moaned as he filled me, and I moved my hands back to his shoulders as he pulled back and then pushed back into me. Our movements were slow and gentle as we looked into each other's eyes, our breath mingling together as we moaned. We both knew this wasn't just sex, it was the beginning of something beautiful. After reaching our release, we were laying in each other's arms as he sat up and looked at me. "Bella... I ... we ... shit, I forgot to use a condom," he said his voice full of regret. "Shh... baby, it's fine. I'm covered. I'm safe too, I haven't been with anyone in a long time," I said softly as I looked into his green eyes. "Me either, and I'm safe, also." He settled back into my arms as we laid there just thinking about how perfect it was. I wanted so much to say that I loved him, but the words wouldn't come, I knew he knew it just by the way he was looking at me. Sometimes our actions speak louder than our words. I lay in his arms feeling content and happy for the first time in ages. I realized then, that sometimes life takes you places you had no idea you should go. And a little push from a meddling friend and a small sprig of mistletoe can lead you there, too. Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!