saw you sitting under the oak tree. The first time was about a week after I moved in. You were sitting on the bench, shouting into your phone. I think your exact words were, 'Don't you Bella me, Mom. I'm a grown woman and I can take care of myself,' or something like that. "I'm not some creepy stalker. You just sounded like me when I'm left answering to my mother too. Just come over and meet some people who will vouch for me. It'll be fun...I promise, Bella." It was almost as if he was tasting the way my name played on his lips again before he went on his way, only to stop and shout, "And bring some cookies. You can school me." His long legs carried him away before I could even get a retort in. Fucking cookies. ~ooo~ I made the cocky but sexy-as-hell bastard his cookies, but I didn't go all out. Edward—Mistletoe Man—whoever he was, was not going to get my Pepperidge Farm deliciousness. Sure, homemade was best, but who really had the time to make them? I'd put way more effort into my appearance than I ever had before: skinny jeans, a black cowl-neck sweater that hugged my curves, and a sexy pair of heeled boots that I knew better than to try and walk in when the ground was icy. But I'd been having a rare klutz-free day and decided to chance it. I knocked on his door, but I wasn't sure if anyone heard me over the music, so I knocked again, harder. He was still sexy standing in the doorway wearing another pair of holey jeans and another Henley, this time in charcoal gray. "Hey, Bella. Thanks for coming. I see you brought your cookies." "They're Tollhouse." I shoved the Tupperware container into his hands. He looked clueless about what I meant and it was cute. "Refrigerated section of the grocery store, yellow tube. Slice and then bake. A step up from the knockoffs you purchased," I teased. "Can't go jumping into the deep end of the cookie pool until you've lost your water wings." He popped open the container and shoved a whole cookie into his mouth. "Fuck...these are better than mine," he mutter with a still full mouth. "Come on in, I'll introduce you around." After he hid the cookies in his kitchen and gave me a beer, I met his friends. They were a wild and rambunctious bunch, but exactly the type of people I wanted to hang out with. I laughed almost to the point of tears, drank a few more beers, and then laughed some more. I exchanged numbers with his sister and sister-in-law and planned to meet them at a bar for New Year's Eve. I finally felt like this move was headed in the right direction and it was all because of the Mistletoe Man. I continued to watch him as he circled around the groups that had gathered together inside his place. He never let anyone go without a drink and was a very considerate host. Though try as I might, I couldn't keep my eyes off of him all night, even if it was just through my peripheral sight. The hours seemed to float away, and I was feeling no pain by the time I decided to leave. I said my goodbyes, but Edward insisted on walking me to my door. After I unlocked my door, I turned to him and spoke. "I had a really nice time. Thank you for inviting me." "Thank you for coming...and for the cookies." He seemed to want to say more, but settled on, "Goodnight, Bella." "Goodnight, Edward." I turned to step into my apartment before I heard the words, "Fuck it," and then found myself spun around and a set of warm lips caressing my own. While I was startled by the abruptness of the kiss, it was very much welcomed. I couldn't have told up from down as our misty breath mixed and created a fogbank around our faces. When we finally parted, and as if he could sense the question on my mind, he pointed up to my doorway. My eyes landed on the parasitic plant that was now hanging up way higher than I could reach without a ladder. "Dude, did you just mistletoe me?" Edward's ears turned a bright pink, a wonderful reminder of his blush in the store earlier even though it wasn't as obvious as it had been in there. He was embarrassed that he believed he needed an excuse to kiss me. The sexual tension he provided for Ginny and I was enough, but he didn't need to know that. "No," he lied and tried to pull out of my arms, but I wasn't about to let that happen. I threw my head back and laughed, a lightness that had been missing inside me bursting forth. I was happier than I'd been in what seemed like forever. "You totally mistletoed me." "No, I didn't." "Yes, you did." I pulled his face down to mine, my lips resting on his. "You hijacked my mistletoe cherry." I pecked his lips quickly and Edward's arms tightened around me as he finally relaxed and realized I wasn't mad. It wasn't long before he deepened the kiss I had initiated that time. I couldn't breathe. I didn't care. I just never wanted the kiss to end. But it did. Edward gazed into my eyes, the truth ever so visible, but still he confirmed what I already knew. "Mistletoed." I nodded. "Mistletoed indeed." Who'd have thought a parasite could be the start of such a beautiful relationship? I was definitely a fan of the plant and its history now. ~ooo~ Hosts Note: Please leave the author some love by submitting a review. If you do happen to know an authors identity, please do not hint to this in your review as this can compromise anonymity and lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading!