in front of the Cullen table. She was sure that all eyes were zeroed on her. "Guys, this is Charity! She'll be going to our house today after school so be nice, " she said, eyeing Emmett especially. Charity sees them nodding, but their eyes says 'what the hell, Alice?!' as they look at the small girl beside her. Alice turned to her and smiled, letting her go and sitting beside her boyfriend, Jasper. Standing there awkwardly, she told Alice that she'll be going to her table now. "Aw, please stay with us?" she pouted. Charity gave her a genuine smile and shook her head. "No, it's alright. I'll be talking to Angela about Biology anyway and besides, it feels like my presence is… unwelcomed," she muttered, looking at Rosalie who was trying to burn holes through her skull. With one last nod, she turned and walked to her normal lunch table beside Angela. "What was that all about?" Jessica said. Ah, the annoying girl trying to look for gossip. Charity shrugged. "Just Alice introducing me to her siblings," she said. Jessica smirked. "Ah, the perks of being friends with a gorgeous Cullen?" she said. Charity, once again, shrugged. You have no idea how wrong you are, she thought as she felt each Cullen eyes – with the exemption of Alice and Edward, who was with Bella right now – glare at her. As lunch, Biology, and American History passed by in what almost felt like minutes, Jared came and went to get Charity's truck. She smiled as he approached her. "Hey little sis," he said and gave her a hug, wrinkling his nose a bit. I cocked an eyebrow at him. "What's up and why do you look disgusted?" she said. He gave her a tight lipped smile and shook his head. "Nothing, but anyways, I'll get your truck and where will we meet?" he asked. I smiled. "At the diner in Port Angeles, Alice will take me there and drop me off. You wait for me there by eight," she said. Jared nodded and suddenly scrunched his eyebrows in confusion then anger, pulling Charity behind him. "What the – Jared? What's wrong?" she said. Alice then approached her, having a glaring competition with Jared. "What the hell do you want," he growled. Charity blinked in surprise that he actually growled like a dog. Alice gave him a hard look. "I'm here to take Charity to my house for a school project," she said as she held out her hand for Charity to take – which she did – and pulled her to her side. Jared growled once again and Charity smacked his head. He gave her a disbelieved look. "Stop that Jared. Alice is my friend and don't be like that!" she scolded. He muttered some profanities before sighing and nodding, giving one last glare at Alice – who glared back with intensity twice as much as his – and sped off with her vehicle. Charity sighed and turned to Alice with an apologetic look. "I am so sorry about that baboon. He's my dad's friend and kind of like a brother to me but he's never been that hostile so I'm really sorry," she apologized. All traces of anger on Alice's face disappeared instantly and she smiled. "No, it's alright. We just have some… issues with some people of his descent," she said, muttering the last statement. Little did she know, Charity heard them, confused as to why the Cullens have issues with Jared's 'kind' or whatsoever, though she didn't utter a single word. Alice pulled Charity to the jeep, with Jasper on the driver's seat. Alice smiled and pecked Jasper on the lips before sitting at the back of the jeep with Charity to keep her company. It was a quiet but comforting ride to the Cullens' humble abode. They drove through the woods and stopped in front of a beautiful house. Well, 'beautiful house' is definitely an understatement because it was a jaw-dropping wonderful mansion. Alice giggled as Charity gaped like a fish as her eyes set on the huge home. She then pulled her flabbergasted classmate into their house. It was beautifully designed with so many huge glass windows and doors, almost as if seventy-five percent of the house was made of glass. It was open and modern with a garden currently growing on their front porch. "Welcome to our humble abode!" she said cheerily. Charity smiled and let Alice guide her inside. "Alice? Is that y – oh hello," a female voice said as she walked towards Alice. Charity was once again shocked that everyone in their family was insanely gorgeous. The woman before her was pale and golden eyed, just like the rest of the Cullen children, with a perfectly sculpted heart shaped face and perfectly waved caramel hair. Her figure is slender, but a bit more rounded than the others, but nonetheless, she was gorgeous. "Hello Mrs. Cullen, it's nice to meet you," Charity greeted. The woman smiled warmly. "Hello dear, please call me Esme. What's your name?" she said. "Alright, Esme, I'm Charity Uley," she introduced. Charity swore that she saw Esme freeze at her name but continued to smile genuinely and nodded. Alice led her to the music room and told her to wait as she took off and went to get her laptop. Esme came in and brought a tray of snacks for them. As she set the food down, Esme sat beside her and took Charity's hand in hers. Charity tilted her head in confusion with the gesture the woman made. "Charity, if you wouldn't mind answering my question, are you… adopted?" she asked. Charity was taken aback by her sudden question but bit her lip and nodded. "Yes I am," she said. She saw the surprise in Esme's golden eyes as the woman tightened her grip a bit on Charity's hand. "W-What was your… name before you were adopted?" she asked. "I was Charity Grace Platt."