eager to know what it was when I married Emmett McCarty. But it never showed up. Marrying Emmett isn't something I regret. He makes me happy, but not complete. Isn't that how one is supposed to feel when one has found their other half? I was – no, am – certain that Emmett is my other half. I've only felt real happiness with him. He was different. He handled me differently. He didn't treat me like other men who just wanted me for my beauty. He wasn't even intimidated by my usual aloofness whenever I was approached by someone lower than myself in society. The McCarty's were, for quite some time, not a part of the social circle, and I would've never expected myself to be married to someone like him, given the fact that he was just a bartender when we met. After his great-grandmother died, the last McCarty known in the social circle, Emmett, as her only great-grandson, inherited everything in her will, becoming the owner of several bars and restaurants in most part of the west side of this city. His grandfather and parents weren't too keen on what the will stipulated; knowing full well how much impact owning such a large part in the city would do to their standing in the community. Nevertheless, they respected the last dying wish of the estranged head of the McCarty family. Emmett's grandfather and parents were simple, humble people who kept to themselves and so was he, remaining that way to this very day, which pleased his grandfather more than anything, proud of his grandson that he didn't fall into the fast lane of high-class society just by gaining so much wealth overnight. The bloom of our relationship was scrutinized under every socialite's gaze, but my standing as a Cullen kept Emmett out of gossip for too long. After we married, with all the socialites present, Emmett no longer became part of the usual small talk socialites would always busy themselves with. Frankly, to me, I realized making small, nonsensical gossip was much of a nuisance as much as being the topic of the talk was. But I still enjoyed this life, for I was raised in this environment, and being a celebrated socialite, with the title of being the most beautiful with the loveliest voice in my generation, I have to say, I was more than pleased. Emmett, though, I knew, was frequently bothered with my required attendance at events that he found utterly uninteresting and totally unworthy of his time. This house we lived in belonged to his great-grandmother, and though I knew he didn't exactly think much of riches and would've preferred something much more low-key, he willingly stayed in this mansion to keep me happy. That alone said much about how greatly he considered and wanted to keep my happiness intact. He only had one condition: that we wouldn't have any butlers, maids or drivers staying in our house, but they would be called when they were needed. I could live with that. Besides, during the first months into our marriage, having people around the mansion wouldn't have made sex all around the place in any way possible. Finally reaching the chamber I shared with my husband, opening the door a tiny inch apart, I made my way inside, leaving my shoes by the entrance, then slipping between the parted French doors, until I stood by his side. The moon's rays breaking through our pale blue draperies crossed the childlike features of my husband. Such innocence seen on a grown adult man's face was so refreshing, intriguing and eye-catching. Black mess of curls on the top of his head, long feminine eyelashes guarding and protecting his closed, bright, calming blue eyes, as clear and transparent as crystal, mixed with the deep dimples when he smiled were the attributes that captured my attention instantly one January evening. The night I turned twenty-four. His proposal came exactly one year later, on my twenty-fifth birthday, and we were married three months later, the ceremony held outside, in our wonderful garden on a lively April morning in the midst of springtime's new blossoms. It's been two years and seven months now since we've tied the knot, exchanged our vows, exchanged rings and sealed our vows with a kiss. Our married life was filled with so much bliss, that is, until I met Edward exactly two years later. Seven months it has been since all this started with Edward. When I met him, the nagging feeling in the back of my head ever since Emmett proposed to me resurfaced with so much more intensity, to the point that I got confused as to who I was, what I was doing in life, and where I was going. For a rich girl like me, who should have had her life pointing in one direction with my family's money and connections leading my path to success, I had no clue what I wanted in life, and suddenly, my whole life made no sense to me. Since then, Edward became my source of reality, the chains linking me to him also pulling me back to my real life with my husband. Though my affair with him didn't clear up any of the confusion I felt, being with Edward gave me something we both knew was missing in our own marital relationships. We found a certain kind of solace in each other. As I stood in silence beside my sleeping husband's figure, a sharp constriction from the strings wrapped around my pulsating heart made my body jump, and the ache formed into tears as my knees collapsed to the ground. Clutching onto the sheets, refraining the pathetic sobs to not disturb my husband's peaceful sleep, I wept, late into the night, crying, wondering, pleading for someone to answer this one recurring question. 'Why can't I find solace in my own husband…?' ~o~ Author's Note: Please do leave a review... I'd really appreciate it… ~Aoi.