impulses dueling in his eyes; he wanted to roll me over and fuck me with everything he had, but he'd given me control of the moment. He didn't want to break the momentum we'd established just to assert his dominance. I could feel him vibrating beneath me as he fought the urge. I took pity on him and decided to split the difference. I looked into his eyes and said, "Sit up, babe. I want to look you in the eyes when we cum." Emmett obeyed without question, lifting up so that he was sitting with his legs spread. He cupped my ass in both his hands and squeezed, making me wince a little. He used his grip to adjust my position slightly and I cried out as the change in angle caused his knob to hit my prostate again. Lacing my fingers together on the back of his thick neck, I wrapped my legs around his waist and rocked my hips, panting and gasping while I maintained eye contact. He was getting close; I could see it in his eyes and feel it as his cock throbbed inside me. My own cock was leaking steadily, my precum trickling down my shaft to coat my balls and his stomach. Our lips and tongues met and we moaned as he added his own thrusts to my rocking. Each stroke hit my prostate head-on, making me whimper as the pleasure rolled through my body. It wasn't long before I came; my load erupted between our straining bodies, steam rising from the spots where the hot fluid hit Emmett's cold skin. My ass clenched hard around his shaft; he moaned and I shivered as he poured his icy juices into me. Our eyes stayed locked together the whole time; it was such an intimate moment that I blushed. Emmett chuckled. "Damn, puppy, you are so sexy when you blush," he said. He kissed me slowly, slipping his tongue into my mouth and hugging me close. I smiled into the kiss; it was a mystery to me how he could tell that I was blushing since my russet skin had already been flushed from my arousal. I put it aside and just enjoyed the post-coital cuddling. We ran our hands slowly over each other; Emmett was barely able to maintain his grip on me thanks to the sweat beading on my skin. I was sure that I would've slid right off his lap if not for his still-rigid pole wedged inside me. We exchanged sighs and kisses, petting and nuzzling each other as we came down from our mutual high. It was another few minutes before we pulled back enough to look each other in the eye. I shivered as I felt his shaft throb a couple of times. He was still hard; it never ceased to amaze me that he could keep going and going and going, like a bloodsucking Energizer bunny. One of the many perks of being a vampire, I guessed. I ran my fingertips along his jaw, savoring the feel of his cold skin and the curve of his jaw. "That was so hot," I said, giving him a small smile. I rested my hands on his shoulders, rubbing them up and down. "Fuck yeah, it was," he said. He was dragging his nails along my spine, making me arch my back and graze his nipples with mine. The move made us both moan and we held still, letting the last embers of our lovemaking burn out so we could think straight again. After we recovered from that last aftershock, my mind seized on something that was pretty far from what our bodies were still demanding; it would provide a much-needed distraction, if nothing else. "Did you hear? Jared and Rosalie are expecting," I said. "I know," Emmett replied. "Rose has been grinning like a mule eating briars since Carlisle confirmed it." He smiled up at me and shifted position so that he was on his knees. I moaned and wrapped my legs around his waist, locking my ankles in the small of his back to keep myself in place. "They've already picked out names: Vera Louise if it's a girl and Henry Cameron if it's a boy." "Nice choices," I said. I chewed my lip a little before speaking my next words. "It makes me wish you could knock me up. The thought of a little you running around. . . ." "Or a little you," he said. "I've thought about it too. There's no point in raking ourselves over the coals about it. If we're destined to be parents, then it'll happen." He cupped my chin in one hand and kissed me, a gentle peck on the lips. "We just need hope and faith." His eyes darkened to a deep amber and I could tell what he was thinking about now. I smiled and wrapped my arms around his neck as he lowered me to the floor. I looked up at him and cupped his face in my hands, pulling him down for another kiss. He was right; there was no point in obsessing over something that might never become an issue. If it did, there were several options available. In the meantime. . . . My legs slid down along his as he started to move again, slower this time. Our eyes locked and I started purring as his tip rubbed on my prostate. We smiled as we moved together, making love before the fire. We were in love, engaging in the sweetest act two people could share. And if God and the ancestors were willing, my mate and I would do so for a long, long time to come. Author's Note: Well, I hope my first one-shot was a success. I'm more used to multi-chapter stories with a more complex plot. Still, I'm proud of this one; it's good to get it out and into the world at last. Please read and review. Thank you. :)