showing that she actually did have some sort of a backbone. "Fine, I don't know. We might never go back." "Where would we go?" She asked sounding worried. "Well we might stay here for forever, like in limbo or something. Or we could dream up some other location but never really wake up." Sophie thought for a minute. "I think I should like to dream up someplace new. Maybe I could go back and see Edward when he was a human." "Are you still trying to convince me that Edward's a vampire?" "Yes, him and all the other men at that table, and Alice and a few others." She nodded. "You need a trip to the loony bin, Swan." Sophie laughed as she leaned back into the long grass. "I'm not crazy, Edward is over 100 years old! And Jasper and Carlisle are both older." "Right, whatever helps you sleep at night." Sophie rolled her eyes. "I on the other hand think it would be very fun to kick it with the Rolling Stones back before the first farewell tour." She stretched her arms out over her head. "Actually a musical tour throughout the ages seems about heaven to me." "Don't you have anyone you love?" Bella sounded like she was breaking apart a little. "Um," Sophie scrunched her face up. "At one point we had a house cat that I was pretty fond of but he ran off a few months ago. I'll miss my Dad, but he has more family so I don't need to worry about him. No, no, love for Sophie. No one I can't live without." "But that's so sad!" Bella finally dissolved into tears yet again. "It was a personal choice! Never had a serious boyfriend, kept my friends at arms length." She shrugged. "I was happy." "Does that mean you never?" Bella gestured at her hips. "Had sex?" Sophie snorted. "I'm a virgin not a twelve year old. I was just waiting for the right guy." "Aren't you afraid it's going to hurt? That there will be all this blood?" Bella's lower lip quivered before she bit it. "Who has been filling your head with horror stories? Unless your boyfriend, or fiancé, or whatever, is Godzilla and really doesn't give a crap about you it shouldn't be traumatic." "How would you know?" "Because I've talked about it with my friends and I'm pre-med. Bet you never guessed there was a brain under all this beauty." Bella looked unconvinced but she said nothing. "I'm going to start walking." Sophie stood up and brushed the grass off her shorts. "That direction looks like a good one." She pointed off to the south. "Are you coming?" Bella sniffled for a minute before nodding her head. "Good. Let's see if we can find Led Zeppelin." She laughed at her own joke and was kind of disappointed when Bella didn't answer. They didn't talk on their walk. Bella was almost holding herself together with her arms and crying softly. By the end of the second hour Sophie had enough. "Stop it! You aren't dead yet! You start acting like you are and what's the point of even trying? You fight this, you get stronger, you wake up and you find your loved ones and you live. Or you die. Those are your options." Her voice had become as venomous as a snake but she couldn't find the will to stop it. Someone had to snap her out of the funk she had created. They walked for yet another hour, seemingly uphill, and had yet to come across anyone. The sun, that had previously seemed welcoming and friendly, now beat down on Sophie's neck and made her want to scream. Her feet hurt and she was slowly beginning to think that it wasn't heaven but hell that they had found themselves in. "I give up!" She suddenly roared and stomped her foot, looking up to the sky. "DO you hear me God? I give, you win, what sins could I have committed to make you this angry with me? Is it because I worked on the Sabbath? I'm sorry! I used your name in vain more than you liked? I'm sorry!" She was yelling at the top of her lungs and suddenly realised how thirsty she was. It was as if the tickle in the back of her throat became an out right itch, before it became unbearable. Within a matter of minutes she was on her knees, her fists pounding at the ground. "I'm thirsty! And my feet hurt! And I've been walking for hours with no one but you! And you keep crying!" Sophie was almost in tears herself but didn't have the water to waste. "You love him! I get that, but come on! Aren't you tired of crying? I'll get you back to him, I promise, but first I need you to help me find water!" She was promising a thing she could never guarantee but her need for water overrode common logic. She flopped onto her back and vaguely felt the ground shaking as she closed her eyes. Sophie closed her eyes and did something she never thought she would do. She prayed, she prayed for water, for answers, for a way to shut the crying girl up, but mostly she prayed that she would wake up and the fire in the back of her throat would go away. Sophie could still hear Bella's crying next to her. "Help! Help!" She heard Bella cry. 'Finally, she managed to stop crying and start helping' She thought vaguely as she heard Bella get up and run over to something or someone. It was only a few seconds later before Sophie heard the scream. AN: Hi all, so I'm trying this one out. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet so it might be dead in the water after a few more chapters. Let me know what you are thinking. Reviews are more than encouraged!