once. Something that would make you happy even if it's just for a few hours." He said leaning forward again, trapping me with the intense butterflies in the stomach stare. Jesse, the waitress, broke Demetri's stare and we both turned towards her. "Hey Elana, are you guys ready to order yet?" she asked and I nodded, falling back against the seat. "I will have Jim Beam Black, on the rocks and Elana?" he asked turning to me again. "A glass of white wine please." I asked and she nodded before heading off to the bar again. Maybe something spontaneous would do me some good. "Yesterday you said that you wanted to help innocent people, but I'm sure you realize there will be people you can't help or people who actually isn't innocent." He said after a few seconds of silence. "Of course and I know it will certainly be hard for me if a client goes to jail because I couldn't help him. As for the not so innocent people, that's part of the entire lawyer thingy. You win some you loose some I guess." I said and he nodded. "What's your favorite color?" I asked and he looked at me as if I grew a second head. "Excuse me?" he asked still looking bewildered and I laughed. "You heard me. Come on Demetri, this is how you build a relationship. I need to know all these little things." I said, folding my arms on top of the table. He looked at me for a few more silent seconds before smiling and shaking his head. "Okay then, I like red. What about you?" he asked and I smiled. "I'm obsessed with purple; it's like the greatest color on earth. Purple trumps every other color." I said and he laughed. "Oh really? Well I beg to differ. Red is obviously the superior color." He said and I smiled. "If that's your opinion, then fine. Maybe being wrong is a British thing." I said nonchalantly and he burst out laughing again. I loved his laugh, it was just amazing. "Now that our favorite color is covered, I think we can move on to more private matters." I said seriously and he raised an eyebrow in question. "DC or Marvel?" I asked and he squinted at me slightly. "Your future view of me depends on this answer, am I correct?" he asked and I nodded. "Well, I am not going to lie about my preference. So I'll just be honest, Marvel." He said and I studied his face, taking my time in seeing if he was being honest. The fact that he is a Marvel man can mean a lot. "There are still a lot of things we need to discuss, but I approve of your answer." I said and he visibly relaxed. "You know you can really make a man stress love. And that was a comic book question. I think you'll make a wonderful lawyer." He said and I smiled. Jesse came back with our drinks before disappearing again. He picked up his glass and took a sip. This moment seemed to pass in slow motion as my eyes focused on his luscious lips. After he pulled away his tongue darted out and swept over his lower lip. How can something so small be so attractive? I'm definitely blaming the accent, for everything from now on. "What about your friends and family?" he asked and my eyes snapped to his. The small smile on his lips making it clear he caught me staring. Shit. "Well I have the other girls, but Hailey is my best friend. We share an apartment and she is my sister. I was adopted a few months before my 11th birthday and my parents still live here in Chicago." I said and he nodded. "What about you? Friends and family." I asked and he seemed to close off a little bit. "I have mentioned my best friend before, his name is Felix." There was a short pause where he looked at the door before back at me again. "My parents died when I was about six, so my uncle raised me." He said taking a gulp of his drink this time. "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." I said and he gave me a small reassuring smile. "It's okay, I just don't really talk much about them." He said and I nodded in understanding. Talking about my foster parents are easy, but my real parents? Now that's a completely different thing. The rest of the date was filled with more alcohol and us getting to know each other. I learned that he was an only child; he likes art and history and loves to travel. He collects old cars as a hobby and still wishes to live in London. He is very polite and has an elegant, old-worldly way about him. His laughter is infectious and his smile beautiful. He enjoys talking about other countries, but he doesn't really talk about his past. "Sorry Elana, but it's almost closing time." Ryan said next to our table and I nodded. He walked off back to the bar and we both stood. I shrugged into Hailey's blazer. "Do you want me to drop you off at your apartment?" he asked standing in front of me. I looked up to answer, but realized he was standing much closer than what I thought. For the second time that night my eyes traveled to his lips and the same knowing smile appeared. Double shit. "No I um- we can go for coffee again." I blurted out and he chuckled. I could feel my whole face heating up at the staring and my very forward approach. "Sure, I wouldn't want to break our tradition." He said with an easy smile and amused eyes. I smiled even though I realized our tradition will be broken anyway when he leaves. And that realization stung a bit more than I thought it would.