to escape." I was speechless as I turned and once again took in the magnificent space. Max slid over to the vacated seat next to me. He placed his hand on the back of my chair and I could feel the heat radiating from him. I drew in a deep breath, his intoxicating scent overwhelmed me. He leaned in towards my ear speaking softly, "May I be frank with you?" The voices in my head began screaming at me, ordering me to try out my flirting skills that had definitely been placed on the back burner for far too long. "Well I would rather you be Max but whomever," I said with a grin. He let out a small laugh. It was amusing to see him laughing at my horrible joke. "Look I am attracted to you and I would really like the chance to get to know you better." Max said as he ran his thumb across my back. Every nerve in my body stood on end. When I glanced down at his arm he pulled my chin up to meet him face to face. "Tell me what you're thinking." "Honestly? I'm extremely… nervous. Things are complicated with me…" He threw his hand up interrupting me mid-sentence, "let me stop you right there. Complicated doesn't scare me. If I can raise Ebie on my own and still keep my sanity, I am certain I can handle your 'complications'." I wondered what had happened. Could he have gone through the same sort of things I had? I was at a loss for words when Max grabbed my hand and quickly pulled me to my feet. The seven glasses of champagne I had been sipping on all night decided to make an appearance making me dizzy and unsteady on my feet. I stumbled forward landing in his arms. We were face to face. I was close enough to feel each breath he exhaled. I looked around the once filled room only to find a handful of people left and it hit me. I began to panic at how quickly time had slipped by, "oh no! What time is it?" I grabbed my clutch and searched inside for my cell phone. Four hours had flown by and I had promised Liam I wouldn't be out late. I looked up again at Max and gave a flirtatious, yet apologetic smile, "I really need to be going. We have a big day tomorrow if you haven't already heard." In that moment I felt like Cinderella rushing away from the ball…away from her Prince Charming. I felt a tug on my hand as I started to turn and leave. A pained look was on his face as he spoke, "do you really have to go so soon?" "I really should. I have two boys waiting for me," I said flirtatiously, knowing he only knew about one of my sons. "Well, may I walk you out?" he asked ever so politely. I smiled and nodded yes. As we exited the massive cabin, he grabbed my hand and took it in his own, leading me down the stone path. So many emotions ran through me as I stared down at our fingers laced together. I was terrified and excited, unsure of what all of this meant. Our stride was brought to an abrupt halt when he spoke up, "so by two boys you mean?..." he looked to me to complete his thought. "I have two sons. One is 7 the other is 2…and again it's complicated." A boyish grin filled his face as he inched closer to me, "so is there room for one more?" I took my place behind the wheel and looked back at him once more putting on my best smile, "possibly." As I pulled back up to my apartment Liam was carrying Manning inside with Jaxon trailing sleepily behind her. "So how did your night go?" she whispered curiously. "Interesting to say the least. However, we will have to discuss it tomorrow. I am exhausted!" I replied. "Ok girl but I'm not letting you off the hook. I want details. Go get some rest. You have a big day tomorrow," and with that she was gone. Tonight it was just me and my thoughts and I had a feeling they weren't going to let me get any sleep. I got a quick shower and checked on Jaxon and Manning one last time before I settled into my bed. I grabbed my cell to set my alarm when I noticed a text had come in. " So I pulled a few strings and got your cell number. I hope that was ok. Just wanted to make sure you made it home safely." " Yes I did. Thank you for checking…and would it even matter if I were to say yes…that I do mind if you go snooping through my personal file?" " Probably not. However I'm sure I could have convinced you to give me your number had you not run off tonight." " I didn't run, I was walking and if I'm remembering correctly I had a very nice gentleman assisting me with my walk." " That's it? That's all I get? Nice gentleman? Damn I'm hurt." " What did you want me to say?" " Incredibly handsome, smart and funny guy that escorted me to my car. A guy that would have kissed me had I not had to run off?" " Ok! Ok! I get it! I'm sorry I had to leave. I did want to stay longer but I really needed to get home to my boys." " Oh and I forgot to add 'nice ass' to that! ;-)" " You're too much! I have to go to sleep." " Sweet dreams beautiful Amelia. I am looking forward to tomorrow." " Good night to you as well handsome Max with the nice ass." I set my phone down and blew out a sigh – what am I getting myself into?