the family," he stated. "You seemed to connect with everyone well and we thought it was getting slow again around here, thus, would you like to be adopted into my family?" I stared at his striking gold eyes, "what last name would I get?" "What one would you want?" he laughed a little. "Hale," I smiled. Jasper and Alice had disappeared when I came back down stairs. While I got to actually know everyone else, Drake stayed close to me. I was informed that they would be moving soon to Moscow, Idaho where Carlisle would get a job and the rest of us would all go to high school together. I sat and talked with Drake, learning about his life and how he never met his father or mother. He was raised in a English household on the East Coast. He never knew what he was until he encountered a vampire feeding off the pigs that his family had, when he phased the first time, it scared him and caused him great amount of pain. At 23 when he stopped ageing and growing he had become too impatient with his life and told his family that he was moving west where he learned to control his phasing and learned to do it on command. He traveled the country often, never staying in one place for more than a few months. I was excited to know that in the move, Drake would be coming with us. Drake and I sat in a Jeep with Rosalie and Emmett, it was quiet for a time except when Emmett would crack some corny joke. When we got to Moscow it was windy, I had to put my hair up just to keep it out of my face. I helped everyone unload their things and then went and sat in my very own large and empty bedroom. Carlisle came in, "I'm going to give you an allowance," he said handing me a bundle of hundreds. "I do the same thing with the rest of them. I'll also get you a car," he handed me a license. "You don't have to do this," I felt upset that he was doing this. "You're part of the family, Jo," he smiled. "Think about what car you want, and I'll make it happen." "Thank you," I said and then hugged him. "You're welcome," when Carlisle walked out of the room, Drake came in with a large smile on his face. "What are you so happy about?" I asked putting the money and license on the white carpet. "You're just so beautiful," he smiled and walked closer to me. "We start school in a week; you and I have all our classes together." "That's why you're all smiles?" "And the fact that I get to live with you!" I laughed as he took my hand and we started dancing around the room. When school started it was hard to say that I could control myself, the transition from human blood to animal blood was quite hard. One of the reasons Drake was in all my classes was to keep me under control. I hated that no matter where we went people would stare and whisper things. I walked with Drake into our first class, AP Biology, it was cold and we sat in the back and waited patiently for the bell to ring. I stared at Drake who seemed to be quite content. As students started coming into the class I could smell blood and began to tense up. "Want to be closer to the window?" Drake asked to only where I could hear. "No," I replied. "I have to learn to control it." He nodded. "Yeah, dude," a long haired guy said looking at his arm that was completely scrapped, he was picking of a scab. "It was the coolest crash I've done on a board." I looked over at Drake who was watching the guy as well. When I heard the teen ask his friend if he recognized who Drake and I were, I thought that Drake was going to go and attack the guy. "Drake," I whispered. "I love you." He looked down at me softened, "I love you too." I smiled and watched all the other students sit down, a few kept turning around to get a glance at Drake and me. On one of the girls towards the front who had her book bag sitting on the desk, I used my ability and threw the bag on the floor. Everyone turned and looked at her and she turned bright red and stumbled when she went to go pick it up. "You shouldn't do that," Drake chuckled. "No one would know," I smiled. Lunch came soon enough and the whole family sat at the same table, Jacob, Renesmee, and Drake were the only ones who would eat the food. "Did they stare at you like this?" I asked generally. "You get used to it after a while," Edward said. We all looked up at a blonde who was walking towards the table. "Hi!" she said her voice preppy, talking to me. "Um….Hi?" I asked, not exactly sure how to react. "I'm Jessica and I'm also cheer captain!" she sounded way too happy about that. "I saw that you are new here and thought you would be a good flyer!" "What's that supposed to mean?" I wasn't getting why she came over. "You should join the team!" Her blue eyes looked ecstatic. I rolled my eyes, "I've never done cheer or anything like that before." "You could learn!" she pulled out a lavender flyer and handed it to me. "Tryouts are next Thursday in the gym. Hope to see you there!" As she walked away she had a little skip in her step. "You should do it," Drake laughed. "Might make people think we are normal." Rosalie snickered, "you're kidding! Even if Jo were to try out she wouldn't be able to keep up with being 'human!'"