his staring match with the table to sneak a glance at her. "Same as always?" "Same as always," she confirmed, swallowing back the lump in her throat. Her brother was trying so hard to make things normal. Bella picked at her fingernails, a nervous habit she'd had since she was just a little girl, while Emmett placed their delivery order, speaking in the same gregarious voice he always used. In that moment, as she fought back laughter at her brother's expense, she could almost imagine that things were normal, that nothing was different, that she'd just walked in from her visit with her mother, and that as always, her brother and sister were fighting. But when Emmett hung up the phone and turned to her, his bright, laughing eyes growing soft and sad, Bella knew there would be no pretending. "I love you, kiddo," he said, turning red as he reached out to pat her on the head. "Love you too. Don't you go getting soft on me," she said, a feeble attempt at a joke. "Gotta be soft sometimes," said Emmett. "Even me. And I don't think I tell you that as much as I should." "You say it enough," said Bella, shaking her head and avoiding his gaze. "I love you too." "And I don't mean to be tactless," he added, fixing his eyes on the far wall. Emmett was never good with feelings. "I just…" "It's fine," said Bella, shaking her head. "Really." Her brother nodded. "Well," he said, stretching as he turned to face her again. "Did Alice tell you about the old haunted house?" Even now, almost ten years after her childhood misadventure, the sound of that old, creepy building that sat across the field from their back yard made Bella shiver. "No," she said, leaning to look out the back window. "What about it?" "New owners," said Emmett, grinning. "A nice family." "I doubt that," said Bella, "if they live there ." Emmett guffawed. "They're really awesome," he insisted. "Really, they are." "Do you know them well?" asked Bella. "Well enough," said Emmett. "They moved in about two weeks after you went to mom's." "Any kids?" "Some," said Emmett, nodding. "Their dad is the new doctor in town." "Cullen?" she asked, brows raised. "My doctor?" "That's the one," said Emmett. "His wife wanted out of the city so they decided, for God knows what reason, to move to Forks." "Hey now," protested Bella, poking Emmett's arm. "Be nice to my town." "I'm almost positive that besides you and dad, not one person on this planet actually likes Forks," said Emmett, chuckling. "What you see in it, I'll never know…" " Anyways," said Bella pointedly, interrupting with a frown. "What about the new doctor? Is he nice?" "Super nice," said Emmett. "Like really cool." "What about the kids?" "Three," said Emmett, holding up three fingers. "They've got one son that's actually theirs, and then they've got their niece and nephew." "Are they friendly?" "You could say that," said Emmett, grinning. "Rose, I mean Rosalie, and her brother, Jasper, are in senior year too…" Bella could not help her wicked grin. "And is 'Rose, I mean Rosalie', pretty?" she teased, enjoying her brother's blush. "She's lovely," said Emmett in a false, chirping voice. Bella chortled. "Absolutely spiffing. A marvelous treat for the ocular organ…" "Okay, okay," laughed Bella, rolling her eyes. "What about the others?" "Well, ask Alice if you want a full account of Jasper ," Emmett said the name in a girlish, mocking voice. "She's got the most knowledge …" "Alice has a boyfriend!?" cried Bella, a feeling of betrayal coursing through her. How could she not have known? "For all of a month," soothed Emmett gently, looking slightly alarmed. "She was waiting to tell you in person..." Bella grumbled. "What about the other one? The nephew or son or whatever he is?" "Their son," said Emmett, a slight scowl crossing his face, "is Edward. He's a bit of an asshole, but hey—the others make up for him." Bella sighed. "But Alice…" "Never mind Alice," he said quickly, glancing carefully at the staircase. Both he and Bella knew that if Alice found out that Emmett had spilled her secret, there would be hell to pay. "Are you dating the sister?" demanded Bella, eyebrows raised. "Because if Alice spills your secret before I hear it from you , then I'll be doubly pissed…" Bella hated being left out of the loop. "Damn right I am," said Emmett, puffing up with pride. "And she's a damn fine specimen, let me tell you…" "You'd do better to speak respectfully of that girl, Emmett," said Charlie suddenly, stepping into the kitchen with a freshly shaved face and a new shirt. "She'll kick your ass into next Sunday, I don't doubt…" "Ah, but you're a cop," grinned Emmett, "and that would be assault. You'd have to arrest her." "Watch it, boy, or I just might let it slide…" Bella giggled as the two bantered, each one too stubborn to give up until the pizza delivery boy rang the doorbell and Charlie went to answer it. Bella could smell the food before she could see it, and her mouth began to water with anticipation as Charlie made awkward small talk with the boy—a high school kid working evenings and weekends to help with his college fund. Bella recognized him from the grade above hers. When Charlie returned with their dinner, setting it carefully in the middle of the table, Bella grabbed a stack of plates and went to call her sister down, deeply amused when Alice appeared and refused to sit next to their brother. As Bella snatched her first slice of veggie pizza, the only kind she had ever liked, she could almost imagine, for just a brief moment, that everything had gone back to normal. A/N: Let me know what you think of the edits! I'll have more as soon as I get the other chapters written up!