Gran. Whoever my father was had long gone, so Canada it was." "I'm sorry." "Doesn't matter. That was years ago." "Black," a nurse called out. Jacob stood and looked at Sutton before nudging the girl's foot. "Let's go." Following him, she kept her arms crossed as they walked through the door. The room, of course, like any doctor's office, was inexplicably cold and smelled too clean. Sitting on the examination table, Sutton went through all the normal proceedings of a check up. "Are you sexually active?" There was the slightest hesitation before Sutton answered with a shake of her head. "Alright," the nurse smiled. Dr. Cullen will be in with you shortly." The room filled with a silence so loud that all Sutton could hear was the slow drip of water falling from the sink to her left. "Why did you lie?" Jacob demanded. "About?" She didn't have to look at him. "You've had sex." "What makes you so sure?" "You hesitated. When the nurse asked you about it, you had to think before you answered her." "Did you think that maybe it's a little awkward to answer those kinds of questions with some random guy lurking over my shoulder?" Standing, she pretended to read the medical posters on the walls. "Well, we needed an excuse to see Carlisle. This seemed like the easiest way." "Yeah, about that. How in the hell is he supposed to keep me safe?" "It's not about keeping you safe, it's about making sure you aren't the enemy." "Enemy? I ran away from them!" "So you say. Who knows if you aren't lying?" "If I'm lying, why the hell were they after me!" The two locked eyes. Sutton had to look up at the rather tall young man. Yet, she did not seem to be afraid in the slightest as his glare bore into her. A knock at the door was what broke the staring match. A very pale, blond man who could be no more than twenty - seemingly - walked in, clearing his throat. "Jake," he greeted, nodding in the direction of the wolf. He turned to the blue-eyed girl. "You must be Sutton." He outstretched a hand for her to shake. "Carlisle Cullen." "I know who you are." She didn't take his hand. "I suppose my family is rather...infamous among the Volturi." "You could say so." The vampires smiled, looking from Jacob to Sutton. "A moment alone," he suggested. "I don't -" Jacob started. "If I wanted to hurt him, I could," Sutton cut in. "I could take both of you. It doesn't matter if you're here or not. He's not in danger." Carlisle nodded to the wolf in assurance and Jacob - begrudgingly - left the room. "How'd you become involved with the Volturi?" "How'd you become a vampire?" "I was attacked while hunting vampires." "Ironic." Crossing her arms, she leaned against the wall. "Aro found me - or at least his guys did. It's very difficult to track a witch. We don't have a scent any different from a normal human." "Jacob said Seth found you in the water?" "To cover my scent. I wasn't trying to kill myself. I did everything I could; false trails, fake images in their minds, but it didn't matter if they could still smell me. I'm not safe. I need to go." "You must be very powerful witch for Aro to be this desperate," Carlisle noted, his voice impressed. "You sound surprised." "Usually witches only exist in fiction." "Funny. So do you." "On the contrary, vampires were very real during my time." "And witches are very real in mine." "Why was Aro after you specifically? I mean there must be others." "Others are better at hiding it than I was. We can't even sense each other without magic being used. That's in a close proximity of course. And, as far as Aro knows, I'm the last in my bloodline." "But you aren't." "My mother died and my grandmother doesn't practice." "No wonder you have a price on your head." She sat in silence for a while before looking up at him with a sort of hope in her eyes. "Jane mentioned you used to live there. In Italy with them. How did you escape?" "My situation was not nearly as complicated as yours. I was able to leave of my own free will." He studied her for a moment. "Perhaps you'd be better off if you toned down your look." The teen looked at him as though he were insane. "This is how I feel comfortable. That in turn, provides with the confidence I need to fully connect with my powers. Especially if I'm doing complicated spell-work." "But the blue hair -" "Stays." "A different color would allow you to blend in." "You say that as if I'm planning to stay put. What is with you people not understanding what 'on the run' means. I can't settle down. Not here. Not anywhere. I have to leave." "What if I guaranteed that there was a way to keep you safe?" Sutton raised a skeptical brow. "I'm listening." "The wolves, the Volturi won't cross into their territory. If I could find someone for you to stay with… You'd be safe on the reservation." "With Jacob the grouch as my bodyguard. No way, he'd probably hand me back to Aro with a smile on his face. Not gonna happen." "Don't you want to live another day?" "I've managed just fine on my own without any help. I don't need to set up camp on some indian reservation." "But aren't you tired of running? I doubt you don't crave peace or the ability to sleep with both eyes closed. To do what you want, when you want. To actually connect with real human beings. If you would just-" "Fine," she exhaled. "I'll give it a week. If I still don't like it by then, I'm gone. And you can't stop me." "My only request is that you try."