twins are Edward and Alice." The only thought I could muster was, wow, they really are a family , to which Edward gave a small, lopsided smile. "So, dear, what did you want to ask?" "I want to… that is… I was wondering…" I looked at all the golden eyes staring back at me like cats in the night. "I was wondering if you would leave. Move. Go somewhere else. So me and my brother and other people in our tribe won't have to turn into wolves." The table was silent. Carlisle rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, I can't say this has ever happened before. I guess we never realized what sort of impact we had on your people. I'm sorry." He seemed truly sorry and my heart leaped that they might actually do it. Edward shot up, palms crashing onto the table as he stared down Carlisle, "I won't leave Bella." Rosalie, seemingly bored this entire time, rolled her eyes at his outburst. "We have to get rid of the human sometime. This is as good an excuse as any." Edward growled under his breath and I leapt out of my chair without thinking. It was instinct and I began to back away. All eyes looked to me but I was on autopilot; an animalistic survival mode moving me back up each step, tracing a pattern I never knew I remembered. Once I reached the doorway I ran into the tree line; my veins felt like they were burning from the inside out. My movements were erratic. I felt like I was losing control of my footing after every step, like something else was taking over my body. "Hey, wait," a voice called and my ears pricked, looking around for the source. She stopped on the edge of the clearing, spiky tufts of hair falling into her eyes. I placed my hand on a tree as my knees buckled. I held my stomach and I felt like throwing up. She took a step forward and with every step I felt the fibers of my being falling apart. "Don't come any closer," I managed to gasp out, taking deep breaths in and out through my nose. I couldn't unclench my teeth to breathe through my mouth. "I'm sorry about Edward. He won't leave. I know; I've seen it." I let out a strangled sob as my mouth filled with pain. It felt like every single tooth was being pulled from my gums. Then I dropped to all fours, digging up the soft dirt with my fingernails. I screamed until it turned into a yelp, resembling that of a helpless puppy. I thought I might pass out from the pain but I never did. I don't know how much time passed but it felt like hours. I looked at my hands, now paws, covered in a light grey fur. I felt a new energy rip through me and the pain seemed like a distant memory. "Are you okay?" A voice asked. In the haze I had forgotten I wasn't alone. I looked up expecting to find Alice, the little vampire, but instead my heart stopped and I found my own existence staring back at me and it had the most entrancing golden eyes. It was instant. I imagined myself growing old with her and dying for her and being anything she wanted me to be. Figures shot into my vision as the rest of Cullen's joined us. A growl escaped my throat without me thinking. I looked between Alice and the rest of them. She is a vampire; the enemy; the reason I'm like this. I shook my head: of all the romantic wolf-notions. I didn't choose this! I still get a choice. I'm still a human, god damn it! I choose who I love. I saw a space in the tree line and decided to make a run for it. I sprinted on all fours. It was a new experience, feeling the woods – like it was a living being. Feeling the land move and the speed made my heart race. I made it back to the reservation in what had to be ten minutes. I circled the woods, coming up to my small home, glad that I left the window open in my room. I crouched back, leaping through and crashing onto the bed in human form. I looked at my hands, amazed. I seemed to have changed back almost instantly. A knock sounded at the door and my mother's soft voice spoke. "Is everything okay?" I looked over my naked body. "Yeah, everything's fine." The words caught awkwardly in my throat. "Can I come in?" "Sure." I quickly threw myself under the comforter, pulling it up to my neck. My mother came in, closing the door softly behind her before sitting on the edge of the bed. "I didn't hear you get back." I just shrugged letting her continue. "I'm sorry I didn't prepare you more for this but I think it's time you knew." She reached out and held my hand, running her thumb over the top of my palm. "Your father didn't die of a heart attack. He was killed by a vampire." I looked at her face, knowing it was true. Her eyes fluttered closed before she continued. "I can't lose you and Seth, too. You two are the only thing I have left, but I can't protect you from things like them. I know it's not what you wanted but you have a duty to your people. You can protect people, Leah, so others don't have to lose the people they love." How could I protect others when I couldn't even protect myself? I had imprinted on one of them. Taking my silence as anger she left, but her words rang in my mind. I had a duty to protect my people. And my people are not vampires. A/N Thanks for reading please leave a Review and tell me what you think.