love you." "Yeah, right before he guts and eats me, he'll proclaim his undying love for me…You ass!" Insulting a supposed demon might not be the best idea, but he was pissing me off. "You will not be killed young one." He said in an inoperative manner. The other demon and her followers waited for us in an elevator. The ride up or down or whatever was long… We were led into a large open room, with individuals standing in all corners decked out in black. The ones that stood out were the three men sitting on large golden thrones in the centre of the room. "Lie up everyone." Smiled the psycho brunette. And the morons, besides Sandy (who was still unconscious and on the shoulder of the driver) and I, followed her orders. I cautiously looked around the room, at all the red hungry looking eyes. "Please don't hurt, please don't hurt, please don't hurt…" I whispered to myself. The room went silent. I looked around to see all red eyes on me. I gulped and lizard spocked, "I come in peace?" "Heidi my child, what is this?" one of the throne guys asked, but he must be the head honcho, because he sat in the middle. Psycho brunette, uh, Heidi stepped forward with a smirk on her face, "Father…I believe I found another shield and she seems far more powerful than Isabella Cullen." Cue whispers. "What leads you to believe this child?" sneered the pale blonde hair guy to head honcho's left. "I tried to persuade her to come here tonight and she refused immediately, she also managed to get her friend out of the trance. We had to knock her out before we got her here." Heidi explained quickly. I listened to every word carefully. "Aro, maybe you should test it ." Pale hair guy said as he glanced to his right. So head honcho's Aro. " It ? I'm right here you pasty looking bastard and I have a name. It?" I yelled at pasty bastard, who looked like he was too surprised to be angry. There were several snickers throughout the room. Aro chuckled as well, "Come forward child." He said, and I knew he was talking to me. "Like shit I will. So that you don't have to get up when you…are you going to kill me?" I trailed off midsentence. Aro smiled, "We will see…" and then he was in front of me in an instant. "Fuck!" I proclaimed as I buckled backwards. Aro grabbed both my hands in his and paused. He looked down to our hands and then back up at me. He pulled his hands closer to his face as he leaned down a bit. I kept my eyes on him. What can of a weird fetish is this? His smiled changed into a grin, "Dear child, I have only met one other individual whose mind I couldn't access…You are a gift from…" he paused and looked like he was thinking about something immensely. He still hadn't let my hands go. "God?" I asked him in a bored tone. His high pitch laugh would have made me jump if I wasn't sending side glances to my friends. "Yes child, God, a gift from God." He continued to laugh. "Why exactly? Because I'm some rarely awesome shield that blocks mind control?" I said in a monotone. Seriously man, are you going to kill me or not? "Yes and because you are a strong shield for a human. I have only met one-" "Yeah yeah, you've only met one other shield in your lifetime. What does this have to do with my life?" I interrupted him. I could tell from the expressions around the room that people didn't usually do this. But Aro laughed again, "Oh you are a delight." "Still not answering my fucking question…What the hell does this have to do with my life? Are you going to kill me?" He let one hand lose as he patted my cheek, "How can I kill such an amazing creature? I am going to make you better." I narrowed my eyes at him, "How?" "We will discuss that later. Its dinner time currently and I've already withheld it long enough." He said calmly as he let my hands go and walked over to stand beside the driver and Sandy. "No…" I whimpered as I saw several things happen at once. I saw several red eyes stalk towards the eight other individuals, I saw one grab at a woman and bite her in the jugular, as other red eyes began grabbing humans and chomping on them. They weren't too keen on sharing but they had to. One human had about four bloodsucker on them. Fuck, vampires! My heart stalled when I saw one grab Tyler. I screamed, "No please, stop this!" I ran forward but strong cold hands gripped my neck and held me in place. I saw several vampires bite unto Tyler. The screams coming from the victims couldn't mute out mine. My eyes began to glaze over as the tears ran out; I glanced at Sandy, who was now being help by Aro. "No! No! No, please. Please don't kill them. I'll do anything…besides anal…please don't kill her…" I cried as my legs gave out. The vampire gripping my neck kept me up right but it was all his/her doing, I just slung then, hopping that the grip would suffocate me. Aro smiled and he sunk his teeth into her neck. I thanked God every day since then that she was cataleptic. She never saw her death coming, unlike Tyler. Their love story never had an ending, which made my frozen cold heart ache the moment it stopped beating. I didn't see the end of the massacre, blood rushing to my brain and hope that I would be killed too had taken its toll and I passed out. Anonymous reviews allowed...If you dont hav anything nice to say...shut the fuck up!