fury still lingered, but now it was mixed with a whole new onslaught of emotions. The part of me that still loved him wanted to launch myself into his arms. But for now, at least, the fury was stronger. How dare he expect that he can waltz back in to town and I would just take him back? Did he really have no concept of how deeply he hurt me at Christmas? In the months after my failed move to Chicago, and subsequent move home, I'd begged him to move back to Forks. He'd always refused, saying he loved his life in Chicago. What he really meant was he loved it more than he loved me. "Bella?" Edward slowly reached for me again but this time I did lean away from him. I couldn't think clearly when he was touching me. "What do you expect me to say?" I asked as I shifted away from him. "You realize you still love me and I'm just supposed to welcome you back with open arms? Well too bad. Do I still love you? Of course I do. But you hurt me Edward. So much. And I can't forget that so easily." "Bella…" "I'm not saying never Edward. I'm just saying I need some time. I need you to prove to me that you're serious. That I can trust you with my heart again." "Thank you. It's more than I deserve, I know. But thank you." Some of the tension finally left the room as we moved on to safer topics. Edward told me all about his new job, and his new apartment. He told me about his run-in with Alice and the grocery store. We talked for an hour or so before Edward reluctantly left. As he hugged me goodbye he whispered thank you once more, then he was gone. Over the next few weeks Edward and I awkwardly began to rekindle our romance. At first it was horrible. I could never seem to relax and just enjoy being with him again. One minute things would be going so well, and the next I would be overwhelmed with anger and resentment. I could see how much it was hurting Edward, but I just couldn't seem to help myself. But no matter how hurtful I was being he was always there, always patient. Finally I realized that I was testing him. I was making him prove over and over again that he was serious about me, and that he wasn't going anywhere. If we were really going to have a chance I had to let go of the past. Once I let go, I was able to enjoy my time with Edward. Things became less and less awkward as I finally let go of all my hurt and began to love Edward with an open heart. December 2009 EPOV As Bella was in the bathroom putting the final touches on her hair and makeup, I sat on our couch and nervously flipped the ring box over and over in my hands. After opening and closing the box one last time I slipped it into my pocket. Tonight was the night. I was finally going to ask Bella to marry me. We were going to her parent's place for their annual Christmas Eve open house and I planned to propose in front of all our friends and family. Just thinking about it made me sick to my stomach. What if she said no? We'd had our ups and downs since my move home to Forks, but one thing remained constant. The love we had for each other. About six months ago we'd finally moved in together. Bella had been nervous, but finally relented and agreed it was time. I loved going to bed with her every night, and waking up with her every morning. Never once did I regret my decision to leave Chicago and return home. Bella was my other half, and I would never be happy anywhere she wasn't. "Edward? You ready to go, baby?" Bella walked into the living room, carrying her shoes in one hand. I was speechless. Bella always looked beautiful, but tonight she was absolutely stunning. In a daze, I rose from the couch and crossed the room to stand in front of her. With one had I reached out to reverently touch her face, while the other hand gripped the ring box in my pocket. All my plans for a public proposal flew out the window in that moment. I couldn't wait another minute to ask Bella to be my wife. "Bella, you are the most beautiful woman I've ever known, both inside and out. You are my other half, my soul mate. We've gone through so much to get to where we are today, and those struggles have only made our love stronger. I love you more than I ever dreamed possible. Thank you for forgiving me when I was wrong, for believing in me when times were tough, and most of all, thank you for loving me." I dropped to one knee in front of her and held out the ring box. "Bella Swan, will you do me the honor of sharing the rest of your life with me?" Bella threw herself at me, laughing, crying, and shouting yes all at the same time. Our lips met in a frenzied kiss, and my hand roamed all over her body unable to decide where to settle. They finally drifted to her ass, pulling her tightly against me as we lay on the living room floor. Our kissing became more and more heated until we were pulling at each other's clothes. Finally we were naked and I was poised between her thighs. With a whispered "I love you" I slid into her. Our lovemaking was slow and tender, a celebration of our love and commitment. Afterwards we clung to each other, kissing occasionally. It wasn't the perfect proposal I had planned, but it was perfect for us.