bed like a corpse. Nothing. He tried to stand but the tiny hands clamped around his wrist made him pause. Esme turned to smile at him, "I think she wants you to carry her." He scowled down at the smiling infant. With a groan he lifted the child into his arms. She squealed happily and grabbed a fistful of his chin length hair. He tried to pry his hair free and she grabbed his hand, finding it entertaining. Esme and Alice were done with Bella. He walked over and grimaced at the outfit. "She's going to be uncomfortable in that. And pissed when she wakes up." Alice scowled at him, "I won't allow her to enter immortality looking like a hobo." "Jeans and t-shirt doesn't mean hobo Alice." He offered, staring down at the sunken features of Bella. They heard movement downstairs. Emmett and Edward had returned. Sadness, confusion and heartbreak washed through the house, almost knocking him to his knees. The child whimpered in his arms. He pulled her closer, she burrowed his face in his neck. Esme and Alice zoomed out of the room. He heard them whispering to Emmett and Edward seconds later. They were confused. Rosalie shouldn't have been dead. Even if the wolves had torn her apart. But all the venom in her body was gone, as if she bled out. Jasper closed his eyes tightly. He lost a sister. Because of the child in his arms. Edward entered the room, he watched him with narrowed eyes. His eyes moved to his daughter. Jasper felt his brother's frustration and disgust. He watched the exchange between father and daughter. The little girl turned away from the bronze hair man. "I can't hear her." Edward mumbled, "Or you." He turned an accusing eye to Jasper. Really now? Edward rubbed his face roughly and fell into the chair beside Bella's bed. Jasper was about to comment on the mind reader's spiraling emotions, but felt a sharp pain on his shoulder. The little shit bit him, again. "Are you hungry?" Jasper whispered to the infant, shifting her away from his shoulder, "I'll go feed her." He said before the father could say anything. Edward didn't seem interested at all. "When the fuck did I get elected as nanny?" The baby giggled and opened her mouth, but Jasper pinched her lips together. A nagging feeling told him she was about to repeat the more colorful words in his vocabulary. He flicked her nose lightly, "You're going to force a swear jar on me, aren't you?" He entered the kitchen and was surprised to find it empty. Listening closely, he heard Esme with Emmett, trying to calm him. Alice and Carlisle were in the garage, with Rose's body. He sighed and moved to the freezer that held the donated blood. "How are you still hungry?" She didn't answer. He placed her on the island counter. She was smart enough to not fall off the damn thing. He busied himself with pouring the baggie's contents into a baby bottle and heating it up. When he finally turned to face the demon, she was staring at him with big brown eyes. She was Bella's daughter. Even in her infant stage, her features were mostly Bella's. Except her hair. He shook his head, babies shouldn't have that much hair. He could tell she would be blessed with thick, unruly bronze curls. Not sure if she'd want him to feed her, he handed the bottle over. If she was able to kill a vampire and wolf without drawing too much attention to herself, she should be able to hold a damn bottle. Of course she did. She bit off the nipple of the bottle and gulped the contents quickly. "Someone's a piggy." He chuckled, leaning against the island as he watched her. He took the bottle and dumped it in the sink. Vampire venom, wolf blood and human blood. What in the hell did Bella and Edward make? Carlisle entered the kitchen just as Jasper had finished cleaning her up. "How is little Renesmee? Today has been…hectic." The child growled, causing Jasper to smirk, "She doesn't seem to like that name." Carlisle frowned, staring at the child, "She's grown already. She shouldn't be this aware yet." Jasper shrugged and moved the child to his right hip. She mumbled nonsensically and stuck her fingers in her mouth. The empathy sighed, "She's still hungry." Carlisle glanced at the sink, "You fed her human blood?" He nodded. "Maybe some human food then. We need to train her on a well-balanced diet." Venom, wolf and human blood. Yeah, that's a well-balanced diet if he ever saw one. Still, he placed her back on the island and moved to the fridge and opened it. "Baby formula, Jasper." Carlisle chuckled softly and moved to stand beside him, shutting the fridge as he passed. The sounds of soft coughs and distasteful babbling made them spin to the child. … He barked a laugh. The child coughed again. Carlisle panicked and rushed towards the child. She had found the herbs Esme kept out, mostly for decoration or when she cooked for Bella. The baby was a stalk of green in her hands, she spat, trying to get the offending green leaves out of her mouth. Carlisle grabbed the herb from her hand and wiped her face with a paper towel, trying to get the remaining leaves out of her mouth. Jasper rolled his eyes and approached, he stretched out his hand and ordered, "Spit." She obeyed, spitting the chewed leaves into his hands. He grimaced and quickly washed his hands. "She understands. Remarkable." "I don't think Bella would appreciate you looking at her daughter like she's a lab rat Carlisle." Carlisle cleared his throat and stepped back. The room fell silent for a while. "Emmett wants to wait until Bella wakes up to…say goodbye to Rose." Jasper paused, staring out the window he spoke, "Bella would want to say good bye too. .-.