She fell in love with my novel and I fell in love with her. I maintain that my success has all been down to her, but she won't accept it. Alice and I share a flat. It's not the most spacious, or in the best area, but we love it. "Bella, get your ass in gear, we're going to be late." Oh yeah, today is the launch party and I have to go and charm and delight people, apparently. This is the one part of being an author I don't like as much. I love writing, I even love going to book signings, even if I get hand cramps and sore cheek muscles from smiling for photos. Meeting the people who read my books always leaves me in awe. To think that other people read my words and get joy from them always amazes me. But the parties to appease the publisher and distributors and critics I can do without. They remind me too much of the parties Mike and I used to host and they leave a bad taste in my mouth. "Alice, can't you do these things without me? I could become one of those elusive, enigmatic writers who only come out on rare occasions." "Don't be silly. Besides, you only have to stay for a few questions, a drink or two, and some photos. I'll do the rest." "Who's going to be there at this one?" "It's just a small gathering. The publisher has invited a handful of your fans to meet you and obviously the usual industry critics. They've all been sent a preview of the first few chapters so they should be full of questions." We arrive at the venue and I'm fidgeting. I've started to write a new story and it's really grabbed my imagination. I would much rather be home working on that. I keep getting flashes of ideas for where my characters are going, or snippets of conversations they have and I have to grab my note book and make hasty scribbles to prevent the ideas disappearing before I have a chance to fully write them out. On the drive over a wonderful scene played out in my head and it's not leaving me alone. I'm desperate to get home and get it down on my laptop so I'm a little distracted as Alice leads me around, introducing me to people. "And this is Edward Cullen who is one of your dedicated readers. Edward wrote me a beautiful letter requesting a meeting with, as he put it, his favorite author, and he seemed to be such a big fan of your work that I had to let him come tonight. Besides, I thought it was good to get at least one male reader in the audience." At the mention of his name my eyes shoot up and I suddenly forget everything about my current plot line. Edward is here and he's read my novel. Shit. Edward reaches out and takes my hand and the old feelings surge through me. The air between us seems to crackle with electricity and I can't do anything but look deep into his green eyes. "Well, it made such an interesting read and I don't like to be pigeon-holed in my reading." "You liked my first novel?" I swallow hard. How can he still have this effect on me after all this time? "What was there not to like, Miss Swan? The story of a shy, self-conscious English major who falls for the handsome law student. I particularly found I could relate to the way he found her the most intriguing creature he'd ever met. I only wish I'd been as persistent as the hero of the story when I'd been young and not allowed distractions to get in my way. I have to say, though, I really enjoyed the start of your second novel. Learning how they progress and develop their relationship now that they're older and following their dreams. I'm really keen to find out how that story ends." Shit, he knows it's about me and him. Well, not really, because there never was a 'me and him'; just my fantasies. I suppose I made the meeting of my two unlikely lovers a little too close to home and the description of the main male character may have had a striking resemblance to this still gorgeous man standing in front of me. I even wove in the meeting with Jake. "Distractions?" He wishes he'd been more persistent in college? Is he talking about with me? "Her appearing to be in a relationship, then actually being in a relationship with an asshole, you know, that sort of thing." He waves his hand as if dismissing his words as not relevant and flippant, but I know better and I draw in a sharp breath. Could it be he's wanted to be with me the same as I've wanted to be with him? "So Miss Swan, will they get their happy ever after? Because I'd like that more than anything." What? Is he talking about the book, or us? Before I can quiz Edward further I'm being whisked off by Alice to meet more people. I glance back at him as I move away and I see him watching me. Throughout the evening I keep stealing glances in his direction, and, more often than not, he is looking back at me with his smoldering green eyes. He's always ignited a fire in me, but now I understand those feeling better. I'm older and wiser and I'm determined not to let this opportunity slip through my fingers. "Could you excuse me, Alice, for a moment?" I don't wait for her reply before I move off across the room, drawn towards my target like a moth to a flame. I'm not going to let any distractions keep me away from my happily ever after this time. It's time I wrote my own ending and it involves one bronze headed lawyer.