a bullet in her lower back." Edward choked back a sob and looked at Bella again as the doctor continued, "She barely survived the surgery. She flatlined twice. It's a miracle that she survived, even if she is in a coma." Edward smiled and thought to himself, "It's because she doesn't want to leave me." The doctor chuckled quietly as Edward blushed as he realized he said it aloud. "Yes, it seems like it." The doctor sighed, and placed the clipboard on Bella's bed as he made his way to Edward. He sat down next to Edward. "But, the bullet injured her spine." he said. Edward grabbed the hospital bed sheets and cried, in a manly way of course. "She won't be able to walk anymore, would she?" The doctor shook his head and Edward cried. "C-can you help me up?" Edward asked, wincing from the pain as he struggled to stand. The doctor nodded and helped Edward stand and sit next to Bella. "Thank you." Edward said to the doctor, picking up Bella's hand in his. The doctor nodded and left, giving him privacy. "Bella, please wake up. I can't live without you. I promise that I will stay here in the hospital until you wake up, even if it takes months or even years." Bella's fingers twitched, her heart monitor picking up. "Bella?" Edward asked, pressing the call button. "I need a doctor, please. I think Bella is waking up." Bella opened her eyes slightly, wincing from the blinding light. "Bella?" a voice soft as velvet asked. She opened her eyes fully and saw a teenage boy in a cast and bandages, sitting on her bed. "Uh," she said, scared. "Who are you? Why are you here? How do you know my name? Where's Jacob?" Edward winced as Bella asked for Jacob. The door opened and the doctor stepped in. "Hello, Bella. I am your doctor. How are you today?" the doctor asked, picking up her clipboard. "What happened?" she asked, "Why does my body hurt so bad?" She lifted her arm and winced in pain. The doctor turned to Edward in shock. "Mr. Masen, can we talk?" he asked, pulling a wheelchair from the side of the room. Edward nodded and got on the chair, the doctor pushing him out. As he closed the door to the room, a nurse came rushing in. "Dr. Masen, we need you at the ICU." She said, then looked at Edward. "Oh, hello Mr. Masen." The nurse looked at the two and asked Dr. Masen, "Are you two related?" "Not now, Mary. I need to deal with this first." Dr. Masen said. The nurse, Mary, nodded and went back to the ICU. "Dr. Masen?" Edward asked. "Was there a reason why I was assigned to you?" Dr. Masen nodded as Edward sighed angrily. "Why do you have my surname and why do we share similar appearances?" Dr. Masen sighed. "It's because we're brothers, Edward? Don't you remember your older brother?" Edward stared at Dr. Masen, not believing him. "Didn't you ever wonder why your parents didn't look anything like you when you grew up?" "Well, yeah, I did." Edward said, still confused. "But what does that have to do with you? What even is your name?" "My name is Peter Masen and you were taken from the nursery at midnight on June 25, 1995; five days after you were born. We never found you, but we were lucky that the kidnapper kept your last name. The first name, not really." Edward tensed up, thinking about what name he was originally supposed to have. "You were named Carson. Why? I don't know. I was only five at that time." "Please stop, Peter, this is too much for me to handle." Edward said, gripping his hair in his hands. "Just please tell me why my girlfriend only remembers her ex-fiancee that almost killed her?" Peter shook his head sadly. "The only explanation I can give you is that she probably hit her head on the ground or Jacob hit her head, causing temporary damage to her memories. All I can say is that you take it slow with her, she might remember you or she would create new memories with you." Edward nodded and Peter wheeled him back in the hospital room. Epilogue Edward laced his fingers with Bella's as they walked through the forest towards their meadow. They hiked five miles north before breaking through the trees as the sun began to set. Edward brought Bella to the middle of the meadow and held her other hand. "Bella," he said, "From the first time I saw you, five years ago, when we were eighteen, I fell in love with you. When Jacob took you and your sister, Jacob almost ending your life after he killed Jane, shooting you in five different places," he said, as they both winced from the memory, " I almost died myself, literally. When you woke up, not knowing me and asking for Jacob, I was devastated. But, as your gun wounds began to recover, so did your memories. You stayed with me after we graduated and even moved in with me." Edward looked at Bella and went down on one knee on the grass and pulled out a midnight blue box. "Bella Elizabeth Yang, you are my life. When you are hurt, I am hurt. When you are happy, I am happy. I would rather die than to live a life without you." Edward sighed and opened the box, revealing a ring, 'forever' engraved on it. "Will you marry me?" "Yes, yes, yes! And a million more yeses. " Bella yelled. Edward stood and hugged Bella, sliding the ring on her finger. Bella looked at the ring. "Forever" She read. She tilted her head to look up at Edward and smiled, hugging herself closer to her before Edward's lips crashed on her as she snaked her hands up into his hair, moving their lips in perfect sync.