cock and I slammed into her a few more times before I released into her with a growl. I collapsed onto her and felt her run her fingers down my spine. When I made a move to roll off her, she tightened her arms on me. "No, stay. Just for a minute." I leaned up on my elbow and brushed a wet strand of hair from her face. "I don't want to crush you." "You're not." I leaned down and kissed her mouth before I finally rolled onto my side, pulling out of her in the process. I smiled when she whimpered. "Stay." "I can't, I fly out in the morning." "I know. Please, stay. Let me hold you—just for tonight." Bella's eyes met my own and I could see the tears shining in them as she nodded her head. I pulled her snugly to my chest and pressed a kiss to her forehead. We soon drifted to sleep, wrapped tightly in each other. ~~RC~~ Morning came all too soon. I made love to her one more time before I made my last request. "Bella?" I asked as we got dressed. "Hmm..." "Can I take you to the airport?" She looked up at me and must have seen something on my face that made her nod. "Okay. We need to go soon, though. I have to get my stuff from Rose's." We finished dressing and then headed out. I sat in the kitchen with Emmett while Bella and Rosalie gathered all of her belongings. "Are you okay, Edward?" Emmett asked, his voice heavy with compassion. "No, but I will be," I answered honestly. The girls came traipsing down the stairs then, both carrying a suitcase. Emmett and I stood and carried the bags out to my car while Bella and Rose said goodbye. "Be careful," Rose said as they reached us. "I will," I answered, knowing that she was talking to me. Nodding, I watched Rose turn back to her cousin. "Take care of yourself, Bells. I love you." "Love you, too, Ro. I'll call you." "You better!" The two of them embraced and then Bella turned to me. "Ready?" she asked. I nodded and opened the door for her, and then after she was settled, closed it before heading to the driver's side. Once I was in, I took off toward the airport. We were silent the whole drive. I reached over and grasped her hand in mine, gently running my thumb over her soft skin. When we arrived, I parked in the lot and helped Bella get her bags. I followed her to the terminal and waited as she got everything squared away. When she was done, she walked back over to me. "Edward, this week has been incredible and I know that was mostly because of you." I smiled and brushed her hair over her shoulder. "It was amazing." Bella wrapped her arms around my waist and held me tight. I placed a kiss to her hair, trying to keep my emotions at bay. I didn't want her to see that it was killing me to let her go. She pulled back and looked into my eyes. "I have to go." It was on the tip of my tongue to ask her to stay, but I didn't and I would kick myself for years to come. I was all twisted up inside. I wanted her to stay so badly, but I didn't want to hold her back. "Here's my number and email. Call me?" I requested as I handed her my card. Bella nodded but didn't say anything. I grasped her face in my hands and leaned down, pressing my lips to hers for the final time. I poured all the love that I had for her but I couldn't tell her into that kiss. When we separated, her eyes were shining with tears. She lifted a hand and pressed it to my cheek. "Goodbye, Edward," she whispered. "Bye," I said back and then she was gone. I stood there for a long time after her plane had taken off, wondering what my life would be like without my heart, since she had taken it with her. ~~RC~~ As I stood at the end of the pier and stared out over the water, I relived every touch, every smile, and every kiss. I was still twisted up inside over her—just like that roller coaster we had ridden. I never did hear from her, and Rosalie never spoke of her, at least not in my presence. Part of me wanted to be angry with her but I couldn't be. I wished that I had told her how I felt before she left, but I couldn't get that day back. Even now, two years later, I still loved her. I had one perfect week and it had sustained me. I threw myself into my work and let that be my distraction. I didn't date, nor did I have meaningless sex. Bella had ruined me for everyone else, anyway. All the women that Emmett wanted to set me up with were compared to her, and no one was up to her standards so I stopped letting him try. I still dreamed of her every night. I could still feel the way she felt in my arms. I could still feel her touch like it was yesterday. I couldn't smell the scent of strawberries without thinking of her. I watched as the sun sank down over the water and knew that it was time to head home. "I love you, Bella—wherever you are," I whispered to the wind. A soft sob from behind me had me turning around and stopping dead in my tracks. There, standing on the boardwalk three feet from me, was Bella. She had tears streaming down her cheeks and was clutching her chest as she watched me. After what seemed like an eternity of staring into each other's eyes, she spoke. "Oh, Edward, I love you, too."