you say to a picnic?" asked her mother jubilantly. "We can make up some sandwiches and things and wait until daddy gets home and eat supper in the back yard!" "Yeah!" cried Bella excitedly. Emmett and Alice might have got to go to camp, but she would get her very own picnic! "Wonderful," said Renee. "Why don't you go and finish your blocks while I get ready? Dad should be back in about an hour." Bella nodded eagerly and returned to her blocks with renewed vigor. When Renee next poked her head in, Bella had finished the final lopsided turret that made up the elaborate castle. By the time Charlie came home. Bella's pony knight was midway through slaying the dragon. "Come on, Bell!" called Renee from the back yard. "We're all ready!" "Almost!" called Bella. "Just a minute! The dragon's almost dead!" "Quick!" called Renee. "It'll rain soon!" "I'm almost done!" cried Bella again, ramming her horse into the blocks. "Bella! Come on!" Renee was laughing now. "I don't want to!" cried Bella crossly. Just a few more minutes… Her mother appeared in the doorway just then, smiling. She had donned her favourite yellow dress and her wide-brimmed sunhat, looking very ready for a special picnic. "Come on, Bell, daddy's waiting for our picnic," she said enticingly. Bella hadn't seen her daddy all day, since he left early for work, and she glanced up eagerly. Dragon or daddy? "Emmett and Alice will be home next week, and you want them to know you were good, right?" Emmett always pouted when his mother reminded him of his baby sister's good behaviour in the face of his own misdeeds. "Fine!" said Bella, finally, tossing her toy aside. She ran to her mother and wrapped her arms around her middle, giving Renee a tight squeeze. She felt her mother's hands on her back as she chuckled, returning the embrace. Bella let her mother take her hand and lead the way through the house, moving to the open back patio door. "Hey baby," said her daddy softly, and Bella felt her heart jolt. "Come sit with me." Bella bolted forward, a wide grin on her face at the sight of her daddy waiting for her on the dryer-ruined checkered blanket. Bella loved her daddy, and she hugged him tight when her knees made contact with the ground next to him, snuggling in close the way Emmett liked to do on movie nights. Her mother seated herself across from them in the dainty way Alice had mastered, but Bella had never quite gotten the hang of. "Did you have a good day, Bell?" asked Charlie. "Yes!" chirped Bella. "We made breakfast sandwiches, and then I played on Jamie's trampoline, then I watched Sleeping Beauty, then I played with Emmett's Legos!" Charlie laughed. "Did you catch bad guys?" she asked her father suddenly. "Did you throw 'em in the slammer?" "Not today," he said gently. "Just filled out paperwork, I'm afraid." "Oh." "Here, hon," said Renee, handing Bella a sandwich wedge. She took an eager bite, not having noticed how hungry she was during her dragon slaying play time. "Sweetheart?" asked Charlie gently, prodding Bella in the tummy as she swallowed her bite. "Tickles!" Bella squealed, squirming away from the offending finger. Her daddy had a mischievous look on his face as he wiggled it again. "Mom!" she cried, scuttling to Renee's side of the blanket. She warded her daddy's tickling finger off with the last bit of her sandwich, giggling with the mustardy crust slid over it. "You're going to be a good girl tonight, right?" asked Charlie suddenly, lounging back on the grass. "Yeah…" said Bella, watching him warily. Daddy only told her to be good when he wasn't going to be there. "You remember what's happening tonight, right?" asked Renee. "You remember where you're going?" And then it all came back to her, and Bella did remember. "At Mrs. Finchley's house," said Bella quickly. "You and dad got a party." "Good girl," said Renee. "We'll just be a phone call away if you need us. You remember daddy's work number? We're going to be at the station." Bella recited the number in a confident, chipper voice and Charlie smiled. He had made sure that all of his children, from as early on as possible, had known both his work and home numbers. Over the course of his career, he had seen far too many children lost and without a way to contact their frantic parents, and he'd made damn sure that his kids would never end up in that situation. "Can I bring a stuffy to Mrs. Finchley's house?" asked Bella sweetly. "Just one," said Renee. Bella would have liked more, but she knew her mother well enough to know that she wouldn't budge. "Can I bring a story?" "Yes, sweetheart." "Can I bring Where the Wild Things Are?" she asked. "We'll see." "What do you say to some fishing this weekend?" asked Charlie suddenly. "Uncle Billy's bringing Rachel this time, and I know she'd like a friend." "Oh yes, daddy!" cried Bella, positively beaming. Alice had been right after all. "Can I wear my hat? The fishing one?" "I'd expect nothing less," grinned Charlie. Bella leaned over and kissed his cheek with a loud smack, jumping in surprise when she saw a bright flash of light. Bella saw her mother holding the camera. "Can I try, mom? Please?" she squealed, reaching both hands out to take it. "Sure," said Renee. "Take one of daddy and I." The two squished together, Renee grabbing onto Charlie to keep from falling over as she tripped. Bella aimed the camera with her eye in the peep hole, and pressed the button, delighted when the camera flashed, capturing the pair of them on film. Then she spotted a buttercup. Flash. Daddy's moustache. Flash. Mommy's hat. Flash. A thieving picnic ant. Flash. Flash, flash, flash, until the camera flashed one last time, and the film ran out.