it a second. "You like to try it, like that?" he asked. "Yes, I admitted, I believe it'll be very erotic." I gave him a smouldering look and got up on hands and knees. He moved in behind me, stroking my spine, caressing both butt-cheeks at once and making me moan. I felt him rub his penis through my folds and over my clit before sliding back and entering me. "Uughh, mmm, so deep," I managed to breathe out. Hiss balls bounced against my lower lips; could it get better?! Holding my hips he set a wonderful rhythm, hitting a spot I didn't know about. "Yes, right there!" I arched my back and Seth's hands found my breasts as his chest touched my back. Together we moved a little more upright, while he thrust harder, faster. I pushed back against him and turned my head for a kiss. Then we fell over the edge, seeing stars and the warmth didn't just come from him anymore, but me too. It was like I was glowing and I loved it. Seth was out of air and fell on his side next to me. "Wow, he panted, did you see stars too?" He grinned widely as I laid down beside him. "Oh, yes, mmm, definitely." I kissed him gently. For the next ten minutes or so just lay there, touching, kissing, until his fingers found my clit. He decided to use his hands then to please me. I didn't care how he seemed to know what to do, or if it was just him, because he was magic, especially when his mouth joined in, sucking my nipples. His were sensitive too by the way, I learned when it was his turn to be pleasured by me. Slick with our juices, my hand had his penis hard and twitching soon. But, I wanted him to come inside me, so I straddled him. It didn't take long and we were on a real high. Our last time, he was spooning me, rocking into me with his last energy. Lazily we ended in a state of perfect bliss. The whole cave smelling of us and what we did. Hmm, I liked it all mixed together, even Seth's sweat added the right bit of masculinity to it. I looked at him, propped up on my elbow. "Thank you, you were amazing." I just had to say. His hand cupped my cheek as he replied: "You too, I replied, wow, that's all I can say." We smiled contently at each other. It occurred to me suddenly that this all might have felt differently, if I had been human. "You know, I added after some silence, I really like my body now, it's much more sensitive than my original one." Surprised Seth pressed his lips on mine and nibbled on my lower lip. " R eally?" he questioned. I nodded. "Not to say it wouldn't be as good," I continued suddenly. "Oh, it doesn't matter, forget it," I sighed. He rolled onto his side too and pulled me to him by the waist. "Don't be sad, he told me, I agree, all that matters is you and me, here and now." I beamed a smile at him. We kissed again, slow and gentle. "How did I land such a wonderful and sexy boyfriend?" I chided. He grinned wide. "The same way I got my beautiful and hot girlfriend." We cuddled for a while before deciding to go home. It was almost dark outside. Checking if we were alone, we ran with our clothes in our hands to a stream nearby. We dived into the water, skinny-dipping. Refreshed and feeling on top of the world we made our way back to the house. Stopping several times to make out some more. Any threat seemed far away. We were so happy. Not even Emmet's funny face and suggestive remarks could ruin our mood. T he next few weeks we went to cave often. I felt I couldn't use it for meditation anymore. "I can't concentrate on anything but us here anymore," I complained with a smile. Finding another place wasn't easy. Still we managed to discover an alcove of sorts, on top of a mountain. It wasn't very deep and could barely hold two people. I deemed it good enough though. No human would be able to reach it and it was quite peaceful. When we stood there, watching the scenery below, I realised I hadn't meditated in a while. He asked me if I missed it. I shrugged; 'not really'. So no big deal. I didn't feel the need. He phased and we raced through the forest just for fun. Yeah, we would enjoy each other as much as possible. T wo weeks until the summer vacation we had the big house to ourselves. The rest of the family had moved to our new home in Seattle. Strange, to be in that half empty house, just the two of us. Fourteen days we lived on our own pretty much. I liked it, even if the rooms sounded hollow at times. In the end we arranged a party for everyone still here. We let go completely. All adult humans got drunk. It was hilarious to watch. They all made a fool of themselves, even Sue, which surprised her children. The next morning, after sleeping in (for those who needed it), we cleaned up and checked to see everything was locked. Letting down the heavy shutters was such a final thing. Weird that we wouldn't come back here soon. My cars were left for the drive to the new house. Seth took the Mustang, while I drove the Camaro. Dry weather made the ride nice. Allowed us to open the windows and let the wind blow through our hair. Radio on the same station, volume up high. We laughed and hollered, momentarily being care-free teenagers. The time to become serious again would come soon enough. YOLO! We understood living in the moment.