gotten from me. I handed her over to Emmett and he gladly took her and twirled her around. She giggled happily and Rosalie scolded him, saying he had to be careful. People in the parking lot had also begun to stare, and was whispering amongst themselves. "Where's Jasper?" I then asked Alice, curious over where her mate was. "He is on his way together with Edward. They were hunting," she replied. "Ed-who?" I asked and tilted my head. "Edward. Our brother," she stated. "You never mentioned him in your letters," I pointed out. "Erhm…well! It doesn't matter now. She will love Jasper, I'm sure!" Alice said happily jumping up and down with excitement. Avoiding the topic, eh ? "I'm sure," was all I said. I got Renesmee again and handed her to Alice. At once she addressed the pixie as her aunt and expressed her joy. The bell rang and I hurriedly took Renesmee and rushed to my first class. "See ya all at lunch!" I called. Alice was in my second and third class, then fourth period I was alone with Renesmee again. To be honest I just wanted the bell to ring so I could get out of there. The humans stared all the time, and it did not help that the teacher scolded them, it simply did not work in their simple minds. They kept staring. So I distracted myself some by playing with her hair, but what I longed for was being with my family. Finally the bell rang and I hurried out with my girl in my arms. I walked straight to the table where the Cullens sat. Renesmee held my hand as we walked together. She was concentrating on walking so she did not notice the others. It was Alice, Jasper, Rose, Em and a male that looked strangely familiar with his back towards us. Two chairs were pulled out, one for me and one for Renesmee. I helped her into a seat and took the one beside the messy haired male. However, I was still standing when they started to notice me. "Izzy!" Jasper nearly shouted when he noticed me. I smiled in reply. "Hi, Jazz," I then said and sat down. "It's so good to see you! And this has to be Renesmee," he said and smiled. Renesmee was looking at him, smiling shyly. "What's up with Izzy?" I heard Emmett ask, followed by a smack from Rosalie. "You're right," I said, addressing Jasper and pulled out a bottle of water from the bag I brought with me. "She is indeed beautiful," he murmured as he let Renesmee play with his fingers. "Mm…" was all I responded with as my thoughts went back to when I first met her. Then Emmett said something that brought my attention back to reality. "Have you found your mate yet?" he asked, eyes shining with playfulness. I rolled my eyes. "No, not yet." I tilted my head ever so little. "I figured out I should not cheat too much with my powers. It is not fair, don't you think?" Rosalie nodded beside her husband and Alice suddenly looked to remember something. "Oh!" she exclaimed. "Bella! This is our mind reading brother Edward. Edward, this is Bella, Izzy, Isabella, whatever…" Alice trailed off. "Nice to meet you," I said carefully and turned my head ever so briefly and met his golden eyes. His expression were the one of wonder and I automatically turned my head and looked to Renesmee who was playing with her necklace. The dots fell into place as I looked back at him. I gaped. Him. He is… My eyes widened even more if possible, at least that is how it felt like. Without him noticing, I removed his bloodlust and his golden eyes turned into a beautiful emerald green. My lips parted once again but this time I was quick to close them again. He stiffened, said nothing. My eyes narrowed. I arose and picked up Renesmee. "I'm heading off to my next class. Don't want to be late. See you later," I said and turned away. Heading for biology. Of course the whispering about the new girl and the kid started through the cafeteria at once as I made my way through and out, just great . I found a seat in the biology classroom and I played with Renesmee while waiting for the teacher. Students started to enter and finally after half the class were there, he came. I showed him my slip, which he signed, and then I returned to my seat. The seat beside me moved, but I did not look up before the class started. I briefly turned my head. Crap . Edward sat beside me. "Ok, class. Please be quiet. The one sitting beside you now will be your partner for the rest of the year," Mr. Banner said and then started his lecture. Double crap. I must be damned. It was not like he gave off a vibe that said he liked me very much. And he was my supposed mate, which means Renesmee's father. Great . "Mama?" Renesmee said quietly. "Yes?" I whispered back. She held her hand out and touched my cheek, wondering if Carlisle and Esme would be here – well her words were grandma and grandpa. I nodded. "They do not attend school; they're too old for that. But we might meet them soon," I whispered. Her eyes filled with happiness and she smiled. I felt the stare and turned. "What?" I asked, maybe a bit rude? "N-nothing," he replied and turned his attention back to the front of the classroom. Yeah, right , I added in my mind. When the hour was over I went towards gym. Renesmee looked behind me and I heard her whisper, "Papa." I sucked in a deep breath. Even if I had not said anything, she recognized him. She knew deep within who he was. So, I hope you liked it : ) R&R! Moonlight Starlove