myself that no-one was perfect and like Rose said, I had to live in the now. "Should I answer them all now or do you want to take turns?" I asked, my breath clouding in the bitter air. "Turns," she replied. "Ok… I'm a democrat," I said, simply, and I doubted her answer would be different. "Same," she replied. "Okay, one down," I smiled. "Ugh, right, money. I'm okay, I guess. Not rich. I don't need a lot of money." "I have enough to feed my shopping addiction and my collection of vintage typewriters. So far, I have one." I had to laugh. She was a hipster. "You're a hipster." "I am not!" She smacked my arm, lightly. "Of course you would say that. A hipster couldn't call themselves a hipster. It's too mainstream." We fell into a quiet laughter. The streets were quiet and it echoed our quiet footfalls. "So, family," I continued. "Only child, mom lives in Phoenix with her husband of five years and my dad lives in Forks, just an hour away from here, with his girlfriend. You?" "Ohh, swings!" Her eyes burned bright with excitement when she spotted the small park. Her hand slipped away from my body, taking the warmth with it. "What are you, twelve?" I called after her. She looked over her shoulder, sticking her tongue out as I followed her. She stood on the swing with her feet, swinging it high with the rhythm of her body. I sat quietly on the swing next to hers, wrapping my fingers around the freezing, steel chain. Alice jumped off, landing with a dull thud on the soft, black padded ground. She took the seat, mirroring my pose. Her cheeks were flushed red; it seemed even more striking against her porcelain skin. Her jaw line was sharp and her features small and I let myself get caught up in the thought of kissing her. "Edward is my brother," she said, pulling me from my thoughts. "He's not my brother in the biological sense; I was adopted by his family when I was six." I didn't know what to say so I didn't say anything. "I was lucky to find such a loving family. To be wanted." I felt as if she had let me see a sliver of vulnerability and it dawned on me that she might have nightmares as well as dreams. "I can't imagine anyone not wanting you, Alice," I whispered. She began to swing again and I couldn't see her face. She scraped her feet against the ground, a look of excitement suddenly appearing on her face. "I know what we should do!" she exclaimed, standing up. "We should dance." "Alice, there is no music." "So? Why should that stop us?" She held out a hand. I stared at her outstretched hand and I would be a liar if I said I didn't take it just so I could feel her skin against mine again. Alice pulled hard, bringing me into her and then lifting my hand above her head, doing a little twirl. What was this girl doing to me? She danced on a whim and made me crazy and I wanted more. I wanted it to never end. I pulled her into my chest, placing one hand around her waist as we slow danced to the night. "I've never met anyone like you," I chuckled, twirling her again. "That's because there's not anyone like me. I am a one and only." She flashed a perfect, toothy grin. She pulled away slightly, taking my cold hand in her own so they could warm each other. "I don't disagree." Tonight seemed so crazy. As the air slowly sobered me, I wondered if it would all be the same after tonight. "I'm glad your friend abandoned you and you asked me to have a drink. I don't know how to explain it but when you are around, I feel like nothing bad can happen." "I'm glad, too," I replied, as we continued to walk. "I actually need to thank Rosalie." I rolled my eyes, knowing she would be gloating for years. "Here we are; this is my place," Alice whispered, as we reached her apartment building; my place was just around the corner. Alice let go of my hand, climbing the two steps and I joined her beside the door, my heartbeat filling my ears, my mind and heart shouting, do something! "Alice," I blurted out, playing with the end of my sleeve. "I always wanted to ask… What does your tattoo mean?" "Ohh." She gasped in surprise, pulling up her sleeve, looking at the simple outline as if checking it was still there, inked into her skin. "I think we live our lives in stages; some better than others. The changing of the moon reminds me that the moon isn't afraid of change. That, and I just really like the moon." If I could give her the moon, I would. "What is it you want, Mary? What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down. Hey, that's a pretty good idea. I'll give you the moon, Mary," I quoted It's a Wonderful Life . Alice grinned, never missing a beat she spoke. "I'll take it. Then what?" "Well, then you can swallow it, and it'll all dissolve, see… And the moonbeams would shoot out of your fingers and your toes and the ends of your hair… Am I talking too…?" The last of the quote was muffled, as Alice placed a gentle kiss against my lips. I moaned into her mouth as she wrapped her arms around my neck and my hands found their place on her hips. At least now I knew… I was still in love with the bartender. A/N Hope you enjoyed reading please leave a review if you can. They are continuous inspiration to me and I love knowing what you guys think.