have me home. "Bella, it's the craziest thing I have ever seen. They're vitals have already improved. Have they eaten?" "They've each eaten almost a half a bucket of fish, Caius. I have never seen anything like it. I'm not the only trainer that works with them. They couldn't have been that depressed, could they?" "I've seen it before, Bella. Mammals, like these two, develop bonds with certain people. Cindy and Sandy seemed to have bonded with you more than anyone else. They might have sensed that something was wrong, and that was why you weren't here." I nodded, pulled my feet out of the water, and watched as the dolphins swam away. "Thanks for checking them out." "No problem, Bella. Sorry to hear about your mom." He patted my shoulder and walked away. I stood for a while and watched Cindy and Sandy splash around before the long hours and days finally set in. I said goodnight to my girls and headed home. I had a small house in a nice neighborhood, but I never realized how lonely the two bedroom bungalow was until tonight. I decided a shower and then bed was in order. I walked into my bathroom, started the shower, and then peeled my clothes from my weary body. I showered quickly, dressed and fell into bed, drifting to sleep the minute that my head hit the pillow. My alarm woke me early the next morning. I didn't have to be at work until ten, so I wasn't sure why my alarm was waking me at six. Only, when I tried to turn it off, it kept ringing. It wasn't until I had it unplugged that I realized it was actually the doorbell. I got up and grumbled all the way down the hall. I made quick work of the locks and yanked open the door. "What!?" I shouted at the unwelcome guest. "Well good morning to you, too." I blinked rapidly and then wiped the sleep from my face. "Edward? What are you doing here?" "You left so quickly last week, I just...I, uh..." Edward stuttered. I giggled. "Come inside, Edward. I need coffee." I turned toward the kitchen, leaving Edward to close the door. I was just putting the grounds in the filter when he walked in. "What are you really doing here, Edward?" I didn't turn around. I heard him sigh before he spoke. "I'm looking into transferring here and finishing my residency." I spun around and stared at him, slack-jawed. "What? Why would you do that?" I watched as he carefully approached me. I held my breath when his hands came up to cup my cheeks. "I can't stay away from you. Not now, knowing that all this time we could have been together, loving each other. I love you, Bella. I always have, and I know I always will. Please, baby, I need you to tell me that we still have a chance." I had no idea that I was crying until I felt his thumb wipe away a tear. I took a deep breath in before I spoke. "For the last five years, I have been alone. I left my family, my friends, and you because I thought that was what you needed. I have been miserable and lonely." I reached up and wrapped my hands around his wrists. "I love you, Edward. I don't want another day to go by without you in it. Stay." No other words were said as Edward crushed his body to mine and our lips met for the first time in five years. All of the love we felt poured into that kiss. Edward grabbed me, lifting me up so my legs wrapped around him. Our kisses were frantic and desperate as he carried me into the bedroom and set me down near the foot of my bed. We broke apart, removing clothing as fast as we could. Our movements slowed as each layer fell to the floor. When only his boxers and my boy shorts remained, Edward pulled me toward him for a searing kiss, gently leading me back until my legs touch the bed. I didn't take my eyes off of him as I slowly laid back and used my feet to push my head to the pillows. Edward slowly climbed on the bed and kissed his way up my body – from my ankles to my calf, to my thigh. He reached for my lace boy shorts, kissing every bit of skin that was revealed as he slowly removed them. There was nothing hurried about his movements. He was relearning me—worshiping and cherishing every part. I cried out as he put his mouth on the most sensitive of places. Just before he could push me completely over the edge, however, he moved on, causing me to voice my protest. "Patience," he whispered. Once he reached my abdomen, I ran my fingers through his hair, and moaned as he went a step further, caressing my breasts with his hands and mouth. When, at last, we were facing each other with bodies aligned, he paused. Leaning on one elbow, he gently stroked my cheek with his free hand, placing a soft kiss on my lips before saying, "You have made me so happy." I placed my hand over his as he stared down at me. "I'm yours, Edward. Always." His mouth attached to mine as he gently pushed inside of me and began to move. And it was so good. He felt so, so good. And with every touch, every kiss, every thrust, every sweet and erotic word whispered in my ear, I climbed slowly to the edge of the cliff, until finally with whispered words of love, I fell, taking Edward with me. Later, as we lay there together, I couldn't help but think I had finally come home. It had taken a tragedy to help me find my future, but now that I had, I knew I would hold onto it...always.