he also pinched himself. He patted me a while longer. I was content, a rumbling purr escaping me. "I read only men could change, he suddenly said, that seems to be incorrect." I sighed and moved back, stood up and went to my clothes. When I came out, his face was full of wonder. I hesitated and stopped walking. "Yeah, I reacted to his statement, that came as a surprise to all of us, I'm the first female ever." The ground became something to focus on. I felt vulnerable showing someone my wolf. Someone who knew nothing of our world. But I shouldn't have worried. Two strong arms wrapped around me and held me tight. "Wow, he exclaimed, you are special, I'm so lucky to have found you." I let out a breath I was holding. "You're not freaked out?" I asked, leaning back a bit to see his face. "Hmm, he replied, surprised yes, but not freaked out." Maybe my subconscious prepared me," he added with a shrug. "And I guess I'm good with strange too." I smiled and pressed my lips to his. When we finished, he hummed contently and leaned his forehead against mine. S trolling back home he popped another question. "So, he started, am I your soulmate?" Are we linked for life?" I nodded; "Yes, we call it imprinting." Are you okay with that?" He paused before answering. "I think so, though I want to know what in entails." "Of course, I said, well, first of all it means you're the most important person in my life now." He looped his arm around my waist and pulled me to him. "I like that, he said, and you'll be the same to me." I want to make you happy." Smiling I put my head on his shoulder. "You're already doing that," I commented. He kissed my temple. I continued; "Second you'll meet the rest of the pack and their imprints, if they have any." "Okay, of course, he hummed, there are more wolves." How many?" I took a breath. "Sixteen besides me." A t the kitchen table I explained the whole deal with the Cullens and Nessie, the pack splitting up. He was shocked to hear about Sam and Emily. And to realise vampires lived so close. Past midnight we decided he needed to process all this information. I went to the master bedroom I had claimed. Sleep didn't come, I felt bad about him in the tiny room. Seth was out, he gave us space. After dozing off for a few hours I woke up and got a drink. A minute later Jacy came out too. He was only wearing boxers. I was in a tank-top and panties. Sexual tension immediately flooded the room. We jumped in each others arms. Kissing hungrily, tongues exploring, tasting. I led him to my big bed and we were naked in seconds. Checking each other out. His body was perfect, sculpted. I crossed the small distance between us. And gently stroked his member. It became fully hard at my touch. I loved the shape of his cock. Just right, not too big, but certainly not small. Not too thick and a nice length. Yes, I would get pleasure from having that inside me. He moaned and closed his eyes briefly. Then he gave me an intense smouldering look. "Are you sure Leah, he asked huskily, it's been a while for me.." I put a finger on his lips. "For me too, I haven't been with another since Sam." His eyes widened. "Don't worry, I whispered, we'll be fine." Pressing my body against his was so arousing. I wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. He responded, no longer worried, his arms low around my waist. A moan escaped me as he started to massage my butt. W e ended up on the bed, on our sides, facing each other. His lips left a trail of kisses from my neck to my breasts. I lavished his neck, nibbled his ear and my hands rubbed his back. Moans couldn't be helped, while he sucked on my nipples and I now massaged his butt. "I love your boobs," he breathed. "Mmm, I sighed, I can tell, I love your muscles here…" I squeezed his butt. He groaned and rolled on top of me. Leaning on one arm, his free hand went to my clit for a moment. "Ugh, uhh, I moaned, please, don't tease, make love to me." I was so wet. Opening my legs wide as an invitation. He took it and slowly entered me. I threw my head back. The feeling of ecstasy that washed over me was overwhelming. Yes, being one with a person should feel like this. H e started thrusting, picking up speed when I urged him on. The way he rolled his hips, was amazing! With my legs wrapped around him, he hit a sweet spot deep inside me. "Yes, yes, I chanted, Jacy, Jace, oohhh." We were panting hard. "Uhh, Leah, he breathed, this feels so good!" That amazing feeling was building. He was getting there too, I could feel it. He moved faster, pushed into me harder. "I'm almost there," I whispered. He sucked on my neck and then screamed "I'm coming!" And we fell over the edge together. My walls clamping down on him, his cum filling me. He thrusted a few more times before collapsing on top of me. A few seconds later he rolled off me and I whimpered at the loss of contact. Not for long however, I leaned over him and kissed him passionately. He cupped one side of my face. "That was wonderful," he said, rubbing my back with his other hand. "I agree," I responded, playing with the hairs behind his ear. "We are really made for each other," we exclaimed simultaneously. Giggling, we kissed again and held each other tight falling asleep. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x Note: Hakan means Fire Nodin means Wind