me properly. "I swear I'll do anything to help you heal I'll…I'll even let you go home if you want. I promise." He whispered. I gasped once again. He would let me go? Back to my old life? But…did I want my old life now? This life hasn't been filled with pleasure and enjoyment but maybe if he could change I could give him a chance? Everyone deserves a chance right? "I don't want to go home I….I want to get to know you. The real you," I said quietly, looking down at my lap. Before I knew what was happening his lips had crashed into mine, sucking and nipping gently at them, begging me to part mine. I did so and his tongue invaded my mouth, caressing the walls of my mouth gingerly. I moaned a little and went limp. He took over from there, laying me down on his bed and greedily devouring my mouth with his. He let out a guttural noise from the back of his throat and slid his hands up to cup my neck. I shivered under his touch as he massaged the sensitive spots under my ears and trailed his hands down my body until he reached my slim waist. I used to be a size fourteen, not fat but not skinny, but since moving here I had slimmed down to a size ten which I wasn't too happy about. "You're beautiful baby, so beautiful," He whispered, breaking the kiss and resting his forehead on mine to gaze at me. "Were you always this thin?" He asked, rubbing my prominent hipbones gently. "No…" "I didn't think so. You were so beautifully curvy when I first saw you. I've neglected you so badly," He muttered angrily to himself. "I promise we'll get you back to where you were when we met, you are beautiful now but I loved it when you had flesh on your bones," He pressed his lips against mine again in a silent apology. "Thank you, I don't like being this thin," I said mournfully. I missed scarfing down a good cheeseburger and fries, milkshakes, pizza, noodles, garlic bread… He covered my mouth again before I could think any further and deepened the kiss, returning to his caresses on my hips and belly. He fondled his way up to my breasts and reached into the valley between them to tear the soft fabric of my nightgown down the middle. I gasped a little but made no move to stop him. I wanted him to touch me, to love me. I craved it. I'm proud to say my breasts have always been larger than normal and stayed large even though my waist is far too skinny now. Edward seemed pleased also. "God these are beautiful," He broke the kiss once again to gaze at the mounds proudly sitting on my chest. The tips were hard and erect and Edward gently rolled one round with his fingertips, pinching it lovingly. I moaned and whimpered, thrusting my chest slowly up to meet his hands, wanting more. I didn't care that I probably looked and sounded like a whore, I just wanted love. Edward was providing that. He squeezed my breasts appreciatively and teased the little buds. They ached, wanting more but not quite knowing what they wanted. Hell, I didn't know what I wanted at this point. My belly felt strange, but not in a sickly way. It was further down than that, like when my period was due but far more pleasurable. "My baby likes this does she?" Edward whispered seductively as he pinched my nipples. I cried out breathlessly. He chuckled darkly and moved his head to gently suckle one teat into his warm mouth. I felt the sudden urge to push my hips up against him and did so, feeling his mouth suck harder when I did. My breasts tingled beautifully, creating a feeling so intense that I had never felt before. He looked up at me, his devilish gaze ladning on mine as I pleaded. "Please…I don't even know what I want just…just please," I begged, whimpering as he leaned up to tower over my small form, placing his two arms on either side of my head. With his mouth inches from my ear he whispered into it, "I know what you want but have you been a good enough girl?" "Yes. Yes, yes god please, Edward!" I whimpered. "Such a good little girl, asking so nicely," He crooned. I liked this side of him, the seductive but gentle side of him. It all felt so right, like I had been brought here over a year ago to build up to this. All the pain was because he had been fighting his feelings for me for fear of losing me and only following his father's example and I melted at that thought. "Do what you want, I can't even move," I breathed out, wanting him to show me how he wanted me. He hummed in agreement against my neck, "Well, how can I refuse that?" His hands wandered down to my belly again and pressed down softly. "One day, when you're at the right weight again I am going to make you pregnant," He whispered lovingly, looking up at me for premature consent. I welled up again, "You want that with me?" I asked shyly. I hadn't ever considered children but it seemed like an appealing idea now. "I am truly sorry for all the pain," He murmured, nuzzling his nose into each breast, creating the tingling feeling again. "I…forgive…you…" I gasped out as he licked each nipple, kissing a trail down my belly towards my intimate parts. I didn't know how to react so I stilled and let him explore. Sorry for the cliffhanger, I will see how many views I get at the end of the week and then decide whether or not to continue. By the way, Edward is not a vampire. Neither was Aro. ~ J