She told me all about that night. How she was messed up and drunk, which I think was bullshit. She knew exactly what she was doing. And you..." She pointed at me. "You could have come and found me, but you never did. I never received anything from you but a bunch of phone calls and empty promises." She stopped and sat back down on the sofa in a huff. "Are you done?" I asked with a chuckle. She smirked. "Yes." "Bella, I went to Alice's apartment four times. She never told me you were staying there. I went to your work, but you were always out of the office. I began to feel like you didn't want to see me. I'm sorry I didn't try harder, but sweetheart, you didn't let me. Can you ever forgive me?" I pleaded. She looked at me and got up and crossed over to me. She set herself down and straddled my thighs. "I already have." She whispered as she brought her lips to mine. I brought my hands up her back and pulled the combs free from her hair, before wrapping up my hands in it as we deepened our kiss. When I felt Bella's tongue trace my lower lip, I couldn't help the moan that escaped. I willingly opened for her and our tongues dueled for dominance. I slid my hands down her back and tugged her zipper down with them. She shivered as my hands found her warm flesh. I gently pushed my hands inside her dress and around the front and cupped her breasts. I felt her nipples harden under my caress. I pulled my mouth from hers and devoured her neck. Nipping, licking and sucking, as Bella's breath came in short gasps. I felt her hands at my tie loosening it and pulling it from my neck. She began the slow process of unbuttoning my shirt. When my shirt was free and unbuttoned, she raked her nails down the plains of my chest, causing me to hiss. I place my hands under her and lifted her as I stood. She wrapped her legs around my waist and fused her mouth to mine, as I grabbed her ass and walked her toward the bedroom. I stopped walking when my knees hit the bed. I lowered her down and removed my shirt before I followed. I pulled Bella's dress the rest of the way off and drank her in. She grabbed the waistband of my pants and pulled me down on top of her, nestling me against her heat. I groaned at the contact, we fit together so easily. ***EASY*** I felt his hardness pressing just where I needed him and thrust upward to let him know what I wanted. "Easy, baby. We have all night." He whispered against my neck. Edward's mouth left a trail of fire down my neck to my chest, where he unclasped my bra and let it fall open, revealing my pink mounds. He rolled and pinched one nipple, while flicking the other with his tongue, causing me to arch against him. I brought my hands to his head and pressed him closer. I moaned as he switched to the other side, while trailing a hand down to my panty line. He slipped one hand into my boy shorts and I felt his hand brush across my core. He left my breasts to follow his hand, where he removed my boy shorts, revealing myself to him. His finger swept up my folds causing me to shudder. "So wet. What do you want, baby?" "You, Edward, just you." I felt him smile against my inner thigh and then felt, his tongue on my clit. He flicked it with his tongue before gently sucking. He nipped and sucked until I felt like I would burst. He continued his ministrations as he pushed one finger into me, curling into my g-spot. He followed with another finger and then another, stretching me, preparing me for him. I felt the familiar tightening in my belly. "Edward!" I cried as my climax hit me. He didn't stop until he had lapped up all my juices. I moaned at the loss when he left me to remove the rest of his clothing. He crawled back up the bed until he was hovering over me, his throbbing erection pressed to my entrance. "Bella? Look at me." I looked into his green eyes and saw the love shining there. "I love you." He whispered as he slowly pushed into me. We moaned at the sensation. He stayed still allowing me to adjust to his size, before I thrust upward letting him know he could move. He started moving slowly within me until I was meeting him thrust for thrust. The friction was almost more that I could take and I felt my walls clamp around him. "Edward! Oh...God!" I cried, as I climaxed again. Edward continued to thrust and I could feel that he was close. "Cum for me, Edward." Edward reached between us and rolled my already swollen nub in his fingers, getting me closer again. "Cum with me, Bella." His thrusting was harder and faster until I thought I was going to explode and I tightened around him again. This time I felt him cross over with me and spill his warm seed inside me. As we came down from our high, Edward pulled out of me. I whimpered at the loss, but he rolled us so that my head was on his chest and he wrapped his arms around me. "I love you, Edward." I sighed. "I love you so much." "I love you too, Bella. Forever." Edward whispered. I smiled as we drifted off to sleep, wrapped in each other's arms. Our relationship was far from perfect, but as long as we had communication on our side, it could be easy. The End Blues Night: 2 oz vodka 1 oz Blue Curacao liqueur 1/4 tsp salt 5 oz 7-Up® soda