on her bottom and thighs concerned him, but the finger-shaped bruises surrounding her breasts enraged him. His extra senses told him she had not been violated, but he could not be sure of the extent of her molestation. "Bella, who touched you?" She flinched and shook her head, unwilling to discuss it further. Sighing, he retrieved the hotel soap and coarse washcloth. Even five-star hotels skimped on quality, it seemed. "I'm going to wash you now," he told her as he lathered up the washcloth and gently stroked the dirt and grime from her skin. Tearing the plastic off one of the plastic cups on the counter, he rinsed her hair. The water was murky, so he drained and refilled the tub with clean water. After washing her hair, he helped her out of the tub and bundled her up in one of the complimentary robes provided by the hotel. It drowned her tiny frame, but would keep her warm. Once he had Bella settled on the bed, he fetched a glass of water and made her drink half of it. He couldn't help but feel sorry for the girl as her hands shook so badly that the water sloshed over the sides of the cup. A knock at the door signaled the arrival of room service, and after tipping the boy generously, he brought the food to the bedroom for Bella. Satisfied that he'd done all he could at the moment, and that she was fairly comfortable, he excused himself and closed the door to the bedroom. Now alone in the sitting room of the suite, he held the shiny, silver phone in his palm. He called Jenks first, calling off the plan he left in place, and informing him of what he needed. Then he made arrangements for a private plane to take them back to Ithaca tomorrow. Finally, he dialed Esme's cell phone. "Esme, I can't explain right now, but I need everyone to gather at the house in Ithaca tomorrow...Pick up clothes and food for Bella...You just have to trust me, Esme. I need everyone there before I can explain anything...I know...I love you." Esme was hysterical. Carlisle lay his head in his hands. He hated lying to his wife, but he couldn't risk any of the family taking off until he could be there to stop them. They had to get through all of this together. The concierge knocked on the door moments later, and Carlisle rushed to open it. He handed Carlisle the items he had requested, and Carlisle thanked the man with a generous tip. Carlisle gathered up the clothes and toiletries for Bella and made his way to the bedroom. He knocked, but didn't expect an answer. When there was no response, he entered the room to find her curled up on the bed. She was not sleeping and had not touched the food. "Bella, there are some clothes for you here, as well as a toothbrush, hairbrush, and a few other things you might need. I really need for you to eat something though." Carlisle helped her sit up and brought the tray to the bed. He held the fresh fruit to her lips and she mechanically took a bite and choked it down. After a little coaxing, he was able to get her to feed herself enough for the time being. He would try again later. "Do you need help getting dressed?" he asked. Bella unwrapped her arms from her legs and tried to undo the knot in the robe's belt to no avail. He gingerly untied it for her and moved away from the bed, turning his back in order to give her some privacy. She dressed slowly, the rustle of the fabric against skin giving him some idea of her progress. Carlisle turned around once she settled on the bed, dressed comfortably in soft cotton. He grasped the brush and moved behind her to help work the tangles out of her hair. Neither one spoke, both preferring to ignore the obvious and hide their grief behind carefully constructed walls. If Bella understood her predicament, she did not acknowledge it. He was loathe to push her, afraid that once she shattered, there would be no way to get her to their destination without drawing suspicion, and he had no way to sedate her at the moment. Carlisle left her alone then, and as the sun set, he continued to make arrangements for the next day. Each time he looked in on Bella, he found her in the same position, staring vacantly at the wall. He managed to get her to eat once more, and eventually she fell asleep. It wasn't much later that he heard a low keening sound coming from the bedroom. He flew into the room to find the girl drenched in sweat and writhing in the sheets. The sounds of anguish that came from her were almost inhuman. " No. Don't do this!" " Edward! Alice!" " Kill me, too!" Her chest heaved as her small body was racked with sobs and screams. She continued to beg for some unseen figure to end her life. Carlisle ran to her side and attempted to soothe her, but she was asleep and lost in her nightmare. He pressed his cold hands to her face and smoothed back the long tendrils of hair that were plastered to her face and neck. She began to respond to his touch and unconsciously moved closer to him. Carlisle finally wrapped his arms around her, and with one last whimper, she fell back into a more restful slumber. The nightmares resurfaced an hour later, but she calmed down quickly when he pulled her closer and crooned comforting words to her. He wished he had more to offer her. While she slept, he struggled to keep his mind occupied. He focused on verses from the Bible, and sought comfort from the familiar words, in an effort to avoid thinking about those he had lost.