sighed, opening my door to grab my book bag. I slung it over my shoulder, "As much fun as we've had," and that was a lie, "we should just call it quits on this whole hooking-up thing. You're getting clingy. I told you when we started this shit that I don't do clingy." He laughed. He fucking had the audacity to laugh. "So, you're going to go fuck Cullen now?" I let out a growl. "No, fucker, I'm not going to-" "Bella!" I heard Alice's voice pierce the air. We both turned to watch, as she climbed out of Jasper's black Mercedes. She gave him a quick kiss and closed the door. Alice, as usual, looked stunning. Purple skinny jeans with red stilettoes only Alice could pull off. She strutted towards Mike and I. "Mike," she nodded and leaned in to hug me. "Bella," she smiled, giving me an air kiss. Mike nodded at her, narrowing his eyes at me. "Remember what I said, Bella. I give it a week," he spat, walking away. I rolled my eyes. "What was that about?" Alice asked, her brows furrowed in confusion. I shook my head. "Nothing," I laughed. I looked up to see Edward was nowhere to be found. "So, College Boy's home?" I asked, as we began walking towards the school. Alice smiled. "Yeah," she said dreamily. "I still can't see how you can be with one of Fuckface's family members," I whispered. Alice giggled. "Not all of them are bad, Bella," she chirped. I opened the door for us, giving a huff towards her. She laughed. "Well, from the one that I actually know-" "Well, Jazz is a Whitlock, anyway. He's just known as a Cullen because of his mom." Alice stopped at her locker, quickly putting her combination in. "I don't see how you can handle those," I said, my eyes glancing at the red heels on her feet. She looked down, popping her foot out. "They're amazing. They give me height and an awesome sense of self-esteem," she laughed, "And they make me feel sexy. Jazz makes me keep them on sometimes when we-" "Okay, so, did you get your trig done?" I asked, changing the subject. Alice let out a laugh. "Oh, Bella, you can have hot sweaty sex with a guy you're not with, but I can't talk about my monogamous relationship with my boyfriend of two years?" Alice rolled her eyes. "And yes, I did get it done. I called that hotline they gave us at the beginning of the year. It was fucking killer, though." I nodded, as we walked towards my locker. I popped a pencil into the lock of my locker. "Why don't you use the damn lock they gave us?" a voice asked from behind me. I closed my eyes, sighing as I threw my bag in and shuffled out of my jacket. "Because some of us don't have time to diddle with stupid locks," I spat. I looked over, as he opened his locker. Tanya fucking Denali hung onto him again today, her French whore perfume permeating the air and making me nauseous. "Hi, Bella," she smiled, her voice making me shudder. "Tanya," I greeted. Edward grabbed a book out of his locker. "What? No greeting for me? After our conversation this morning? I'm hurt," he said, making puppy dog eyes and holding his heart. "Oh, whatever, Fuckface, it was hardly a conversation," I rolled my eyes, slamming my locker shut. Tanya wrapped her hand around his arm. "Besides, you were the one who spoke to me," I gestured to our lockers. "That was greeting enough, was it not?" I asked. He nodded. "Touché. Anyways," he sighed. "Alice," he nodded, walking away with Tanya. Alice watched as they walked towards class. "What conversation did you have?" she asked, gliding next to me. "His mutt ran up to Maggie this morning," I replied. "Again? Damn...that must be some fine ass she's got. That's a four-mile run," she whispered. "I'm aware," I mumbled. She chuckled. "That's kind of sweet. They're lovers." "No, Alice. No. We don't speak of Mags like that," I said holding my hand up. Alice laughed. "Oh, whatever, Bells." I smiled as I waved to Rosalie. She replied with the same gesture. "Alice, how's it going?" Rose asked, giving her a hug. "Good. Jasper's home from school," Alice smiled. I rolled my eyes. "I'm going to class," I mumbled, walking away from my two friends. I walked into anatomy and sat down at the empty table. I pulled my book out and turned to the chapter we were supposed to have read the night before. "Eager to get to class?" Edward asked, sitting down beside me. "No, I just didn't feel like hearing Alice's recant of how many times her and your cousin fucked in her Porsche last night," I replied. "I don't think Jazz could fit in her Porsche in that way," he chuckled. "Well, whatever. Either way, I don't care to hear it." "Aww, has Bella not gotten any lately? I saw Newton cozying up to you by your truck. I figured you guys got in some sort of morning quickie," he smirked. My stomach coiled as I thought about it. "No, we didn't. Actually, Mike is cut off. He got too clingy," I spat, flipping the pages in my book. Apparently, I was trying to make myself believe I was reading. "You know, for someone who gives me shit about my sex life, you're pretty much the same," Edward whispered, leaning close to me. His hot breath tickled my neck, making the hairs stand up. "No. We're barely even in the same zip code there, Fuck-" "Edward," he corrected with a smile. I glared at him. "Whatever. I'm different. I have the same partner. You have many." "Well, regardless, you have no-strings-attached sex; I also have no-strings-attached sex. Essentially, it's the same thing," he shrugged. Edward Cullen had a point. And that shit pissed me off.