when he sensed the danger. This vampire was just as quick as the last one, but Embry was quicker in this instance. The vampire didn't wait around to be torn from limb to limb though. He took off before Embry got there. Embry didn't keep chase because he was more concerned about Chloe. She was hurt badly from the car accident but was going to be okay. She hadn't been bit yet and could recover from the human injuries of a car wreck. It was a long recovery, with Embry was by her side the whole time. She will always have a horrible scar across her head and face to remember the accident by and she deals with some chronic pain from the accident, but she's alive. We are so happy and thankful for that after Rachel's death. Things started to pick up though after Chloe's accident. We started to think that it was odd that these super fast vampires have found two of our imprints. It was almost too coincidental. We had to be more careful and more wary. Patrols again increased. Yet still not a year later, the vampire tries again. Unfortunately for that vampire, Nessie is a hybrid between human and vampire. While she has a heartbeat and smells like a human, she's also gifted and strong like her vampire parents. She still probably wouldn't have been a match for that vampire though had she been alone. Thankfully Nessie's parents, Edward and Bella, were close by. Nessie was able to fend off the attack for a short time because of her supernatural strength, but mommy and daddy scared off the vampire before he could overcome her. Nessie was unharmed but shaken. We knew then that it was becoming too coincidental. Even Edward said that it was odd that he didn't sense another vampire. They were WAY too quick for it to just be a random attack. No one saw them coming. We had a tribal council meeting to decide what to do. So far the attacks were only on imprints, and that was baffling us because the imprints served no danger to vampires. I was so thankful that I had distanced myself from Claire years ago. I think it may have saved her because our bond was so weak. Claire would have been an extremely easy target as just a child. The council decided to take the remaining imprints, Kim, Chloe, and Emily, to Sam Uley's home and provide round the clock guard for his home. The pack would split up to do patrols on the borders of the Rez and the others would guard Sam's home. The shifter magic was still in effect as two new members, Nicky and Micah, shifted and were added to our pack. They helped filled the spots of the devastating loss of Brady and Eli. We thought we would be impenetrable. We thought we had it figured out, but we thought wrong yet again. A year later, just as we're starting to think that it was over again and letting our guard down some, Sam's imprint Emily got distracted and wandered a little too far away from our protection. She got too far into the forest looking for huckleberries to put in her famous huckleberry pie. I swear that vampire was just biding his time and waiting for the right moment because he was right there and ready the moment she got far enough away for no one to hear her. The blood sucker tossed her around some this time though and hurt her pretty bad before Embry and Seth came along on their patrol route. The vampire didn't have time to finish her off and didn't want to risk being seen so he left, again. Emily was near death by that time already though. Sam was there an instant later, sensing the imprint warning signal, and whisked her off to a hospital. The doctors said she had massive internal bleeding, a major skull fracture, and several other broken bones. She was in a coma and they didn't know how long it would be, if ever, that she'd wake up. For the mean time, machines kept her alive and Sam refused to give up hope. How could he? The imprint bond would never let him. None of us would do any different. Something was different about this time though. Earlier in the day Leah, Jared, and Micah had stumbled across the path of a vampire - two vampires to be exact. The scent trail abruptly ended oddly, but it was enough to jog a memory in Leah's head. That was the same scent of the two vampires we had tried to track for awhile after the Louisiana coven massacre. They were the two escaped vampires... suddenly things began to click into place. We contacted the Cullens to see what inside information they might have. They said that many years ago one of their family had come across a coven of vampires down south. It was unusual to see a large group of vampires as they usually like to be in pairs or solo. However, this coven was made up of six vampires, most of them mated. The Cullens said that if this was the same coven, then they had some really unique abilities amongst them. A couple had the super fast ability like Edward had, another had the ability to completely hide their scent in a shield-like way that Bella had, and another could sense connections or mated pairs. That vampire would be able to sense our imprint bonds. It suddenly made sense to us how our imprints were being targeted and how we never even know the blood suckers were coming. Learning of this news, I immediately called Claire's parents to tell them that the Rez was extremely dangerous right now and with Emily's attack, Claire shouldn't come visit this summer. I hoped we'd find those vampires soon, or else none of us could rest easy with our imprints again.