Jacob. He shakes his head while speaking to Sam. "I don't know." Jake sighs heavily. "You're a good alpha, Sam. You've kept this pack from falling apart since you phased. People within our pack depend on you." "I know that, but I want this." Sam replies. "If you become alpha, I will become your second in command for the time being. Quil can lead the pack during the third shift for patrolling the territory. As soon as you leave and Quil is comfortable leading the pack, he can lead. I'll still be part of the council." Jacob takes a moment to think about the opportunity to become an alpha again. "Can you give me until this weekend to think about it?" Jacob asks. "Sure, man." Sam slaps Jacob on the back before leaving to spend time with Emily. (….) Night The Cullens Compound The house has been cleaned. All the guests are gone except for the Denalis. Jacob pulls up to the house in his Rabbit. He approaches the Cullens and their distant relatives. Renesmee hugs him as soon as he's close. "Aro and the others will be here in a few minutes." Alice announces. Jacob sighs, staying close to everyone. Everyone dislikes the Volturi. The coven cannot be trust, especially Aro. Aro is manipulative and untrustworthy due to his greed for power. The Volturi aren't supposed to be the bad guys, but they make it difficult for other covens and nomads to trust them. "I can hear their thoughts." Edward says. That's when Aro, Caius, Marcus, Felix, Jane, Alec, and Artemis appear out of the forest. They're dressed in their black hooded capes as usual with their red eyes shining brightly through the darkness. Their present doesn't faze Carlisle and the others. Aro approaches Carlisle with a smile. "Hello, Carlisle. My dear old friend." He greets him, taking his hand to read his thoughts. "It's nice to see you again, Aro." Carlisle smiles. Aro let's him go. "Ah, Renesmee." Aro makes eye contact with her. "You've grown. I brought a gift for you." He reveals a medium sized box wrapped beautifully and perfectly in velvet with a black bow. Suddenly, the animals within the forest begin to scatter loudly behind the Volturi. Alice gasps loudly, gaining another vision. "You brought the others?" She asks Aro. "No," Aro turns his direction to the forest. "It must be someone else." "Then who could it be?" Edward asks. "I guess we're about to find out." Jasper tells his adoptive brother. (….) The Forest The Wolves' Territory The pack is patrolling their territory with Sam in lead. The wolves suddenly stop when they hear something. The sound of rumbling is distant and small. But as the wolves stop to listen, the rumbling begins to get louder and louder. That's when Sam and the others growl and snarl when the sweet unbearable stench of vampires smack their noses. Suddenly, they are chasing thirteen vampires through the forest. These vampires are hidden in black hooded capes just like the Volturi. The chase is on as the wolves do their best to capture these bloodsuckers. The chase is so exciting for the vampires. The only thing that worries them are the wolves who are getting closer. Four members of the pack attempts to take them down, but they fail miserably. Whoever these vampires are, they are fast and elusive. Two vampires ram two other wolves into the other pack members. But the pack doesn't give up there. Sam, Paul, and Brady are close enough to stopping them. They're snapping their teeth at their ankles, but are unable to get a bite out of them. The chase leads them to the Cullens and their new guests. Six of the thirteen vampires leap into the trees while the remaining vampires leap in the middle of the Cullens and the Volturi, on one knee. The vampires are dressed in the same dark hooded capes as the Volturi, but with a red interior. They stand, unveiling their crimson eyes that are far more sinister than Aro's and the other Volturi members. Two of the vampires are Vladimir and Stefan. They take their hoods off to show their faces. Behind them all, the wolves are charging for an attack. The vampires in the trees take them down. That's when another vampire leaves the group and stares at the wolves. Before the pack can retaliate, they abruptly fall and stay the forest floor. The wolves weep and yelp in horrible agony. It's as if their insides are burning and being stabbed with hundreds of pins and needles. The blood vessels in their brains are bursting with fire while sickening images flash within their mind. The young vampire who's using his power is young with short dark hair, pale white skin, and is at least 5'6. He's powerful. Jacob phases and goes to take the vampire down, but he's tackled by another vampire. "Enough!" The leader of the group, Dragan, tell him. Dorian does what he's told and goes back to Dragan's side. The other vampires back away from the wolves. Alexander, Kathryn, and Carissa are standing behind Dragan along with their adoptive mother, Sasha. Sasha's perceptual age is around the ages of 25-30. She's gorgeous with radiant red hair snaking down her back, deadly red eyes, and flawless pale skin. The pack stands back on their feet as the tension settles down. With her vampire speed, Renesmee runs over to Jacob, who is a little hurt from being tackled. Meanwhile, Stefan is greeting Carlisle. "Hello, Carlisle. Sorry for the intrusion. These are our friends." Stefan grins. "Italian scum." Vladimir mutters at the sight of the Volturi. "Dragan and Alexander? It's been a long time." Carlisle says. Everyone turns their attention to him. The others are perplexed about this situation. Jasper and Alexander are staring at one another. The two vampires obviously know one another. "I nearly killed you." Alex says and the others hear it. Dragan grins wickedly once he says it.