together, yet formed an almost instant and effortless connection. "It's been nice having another pair of hands in the kitchen for once," she grinned, her brown eyes sparkling with mirth as some overly muscular men carried out their freshly made goodies. "I know," she agreed, returning Emily's smile. "Rach is great, but she's a disaster in the kitchen. One time, she almost burnt our dorm down boiling water!" Their moment of shared merriment was interrupt when Sam Uley entered the room and swept his fiancée into his arms for a kiss so intense, Isabella had to look away. In fact, she felt so uncomfortable, she silently excused herself back outside. "Yeah," a warm masculine voice sounded from behind her, "they get like that a lot," he chuckled. "I'm Embry, by the way," the man said, offering his hand to her, "Embry Call." "You're one of Jake's friends, right," she asked, taking his hand in a light shake before releasing it. "Oh, sorry," she blushed. "I'm Isabella Swan – well, Bella – Rachel's roommate in Port Angeles." "Is that where she's hiding at now," he asked, raising a brow. "I wouldn't say she's hiding," she defended. "After all, her father just came to dinner last week." "Touché," he chuckled. "Come on, let's get you something to eat before the rest of the guys show up. It's like watching vacuum's suck things into bottomless pits around them." Isabella laughed and followed Embry to the line of picnic tables. She nibbled on a hamburger and some Doritos while sipping unsweetened ice tea from a red plastic cup, smiling as Embry chatted cheerfully beside her the whole time she ate. Isabella did notice how much he ate compared to her, in fact all the mountain shaped men seemed to eat constantly, but she put it down to high metabolisms. When it was time for Billy to start telling the legends, Embry sat next to her on a log, and even put his arm around her when Isabella started to get cold. Good Lord was he hot! Literally, the man felt like a sauna – not that she was complaining. Not with the sea breeze blowing off the ocean like it was. As Billy's stories came to a close, Isabella noticed Embry's eyes kept glancing towards the woods. "Look, Bella," he said nervously, "there's somewhere I have to be now, but I'd like to see you again before you leave." "I'm staying the night at Sue's," she answered quickly. Embry seemed to gain his confidence with that statement. "Good," he sighed. "Meet me on First Beach at nine?" She nodded. "I doubt Rach will be up before noon. See you then, Embry." A smile stretched across his face and lit up his eyes as he turned and disappeared into the woods. A yawn escaped her mouth, never having been the type to stay up late, and Isabella began her way to Sue and Charlie's home. She stopped to get her overnight bag out of Rachel's truck before entering the house, taking a quick shower, and curling up under a cover to sleep on the living room couch. The next morning, she was the first to rise. Isabella silently got ready for the day, and then snuck out to go to First Beach. She knew she was easily a half hour early, but took it as an opportunity to practice meditation. It was an odd sensation that overcame her after only a few moments. Normally, meditation cleared her mind and allowed her to focus on the day's events more easily. This time, however, Isabella felt as if she were being rooted to the very sand she sat on. It was as if the earth were talking to her, whispering words she still couldn't quite understand. With her mind's eye she saw a large russet wolf watching her, guarding her. He stood in a meadow in the middle of the day, the bright sun shining upon him until a cloud moved to cover the sun. Suddenly she wasn't alone in the meadow with her wolf any more, Edward Cullen was there and he was glaring at her wolf. She could hear the wind whispering to her again, trying to tell her something urgently that she still couldn't understand. "Bella?" Her eyes snapped open to the sight of Embry's concerned face looking down at her. "Hey," she smiled in greeting, standing up and dusting the sand from her pants with her hands, "when did you get here?" "Just now," he answered, eyeing her curiously. "Are you okay?" "Fine," she shrugged, "just working on my morning meditation." Embry nodded, taking one of her hands with his. "Look, um, the reason I asked you to meet me is," he started, shifting nervously from one foot to the other, "I like you, Bella. And I was wondering if you'd… I don't know, would you like to go on a date with me sometime?" His dark cheeks had blushed red as he stuttered along in a way Isabella thought was simply adorable. "I'd love to," she assured him. "Do you come into Port Angeles often?" Embry shook his head. "But I could," he blushed again, "for you." Isabella blushed as well, mentally cursing her shy nature. "Let's do this the easy way, meet you at the theater at eight on Friday?" "Sure, sure," he said, trying to sound nonchalant. "That'd be great." "Great," Isabella repeated. "Well, I bettered get back up to the house before Charlie gets worried. See you Friday." Here are some answers to questions I thought you might have: 1. Did Embry imprint? No. Like in many fictions, Embry can't imprint because he's only half Quileute. He simply likes Bella. 2. Does Charlie know about the wolves? Yes. His wife is a member of the council, so after their marriage Charlie was informed about the wolves. He doesn't, at this time, know that the Cullens are the vampires the wolves have a treaty with. Hope you enjoy this chapter!