the other saying you leave in three days. I can't see anything else after that because of the wolves. Why can't they wait until after the summer is over? I've got to start planning their wedding!" the boy whined. " So that means we need to hunt tomorrow night to get ready ourselves. Who will stay with Bella? Will one hunt before?" the man continued on topic as he ignored the boy's whining. The boy who looked to be no older than fifteen shook his head. He gave a small grin, one that still held some fear. "Edward will stay behind and we will leave him with Bella. I'll tell Charlie that the rest of the family is going camping, but I want a sleepover. Maybe then he will…" The male growled slightly, making the boy go submissive. "Why do you insist on pushing those two together? Can't you see that they aren't meant for each other?" The boy looked up and glared. "They are too! They look so cute together and plus Edward is alone. She blocks his gift with a mental shield! Of course, she is his mate!" The man growled and pushed him into the wall—hard. The boy gasped in pain and whimpered in submission, but it wasn't enough. The man then proceeded to show the boy not to argue or glare at him. When I came out, I blinked a few times confused slightly. "What is it sugar?" Char asked, her eyebrows slightly rose at the question. "Yeah, girly, what you see? The Major getting it on?" it idiot behind me asked as I turned to look at him, just in time to see him wiggle those eyebrows suggestively. I nodded, shocking the woman behind me. "Why is he fucking a boy? When did he become a pederast?" Char couldn't hold in her reaction, but the man in front of me—who still had his arms around me, holding me, anchoring me—didn't react, instead took on a thoughtful expression. "Have you been sitting on this question for long?" he asked instead of answering. I nodded again. "Since when did he become a pederast? I thought…" I trailed off, confusion taking over; a memory tried to rise before I tossed the confusion went away. I saw the pederast in question looking at me, and just from us staring at each other emotions…foreign ones I had never felt before rose inside me. After staring into his eyes for long, antagonizing, slow seconds, we couldn't take it anymore, and we jump at each other, ripping at each other's clothes and…then the memory went away as I smacked down the emotion as if it was a mole, and I had a mallet. My face had a split second of confusion written on it, and it was enough for the ass in front of me to realize what I had seen. That was when he let loose his own reaction, letting go those emotions that I choose to ignore and embracing them. I watched while my mind thought I should be annoyed at what he was doing. In a way, I think he was making fun of me…and I didn't like that. So I broke out of his arms and back up until she stopped me by wrapping her around my neck. We were almost the same height; I was only two inches taller than her. She was five foot, while I was five foot two. Yet, right now she was taller than me because she liked to wear shoes, or should I say boots, that had more than two inches on them. When I wore my boots, I always had some that were either flat or had a low heel, so it was easy for her to be taller than me. She leaned forward and put her chin on my right shoulder and sighed as she reigned in her emotions, the earlier outburst forgotten as she got control of herself. Both of them tried their best to keep their emotions hidden, at least where I could see them. It helped with my own repression. Though the dumbass in front of us did try to always make me laugh, something I can't fault him for. Her hair slipped over, and I felt it brush against my right arm. Her hair was longer than mine, hers was past her butt, and I knew for a fact that she liked it that way. It was just something her mate could use to yank when he fucked her. Mine on the other hand wasn't as long, but I had a feeling it would be shorter before long. It was almost to my elbows now. Then, before my thoughts went further and thought of more differences between us—like how my tits were bigger than hers—she whispered in my ear. "What's the date?" "The fifteenth," he and I both answered at the same time, and I raised an eyebrow at him. "You knew that before I went all trancy?" He shook his head, his light hair shaking with him. His hair reminded me of the man who didn't use to be a pederast. "You know how my gift works, mi querido ." "So we have until then to watch them train?" she paused as she thought about our early comments. The Major had been a topic before today that all of us talked about. We were all disappointed in his performance. "It won't be good training," she muttered. I nodded and ended up yawning. His lips slowly turned into a smirk that was seriously turning me on—mostly because I knew what happened when he smirked like that. "Sleepy are we? Not for long…" the chuckle that followed seriously made my skin crawl, yet that turn on I was talking about? Well, let's just say it had the opposite effect it would have had on someone else. Really makes me think I am, in fact, a masochist. But of course, I give as good as I get. [£ʭ§]