and me only to come and live with her. She said that all it took for anger to awaken in me was to be beaten within an inch of my life, but I had to go down fighting." Bella was confused, looking at her sister and watching as she looked to her feet. "I've killed people, Isa," she said, "I'm not proud of it, but it's happened. She was raising me to become a killer right under her supervision and I swear that I didn't know until it happened. Not only that, but I kill whatever needs killing. Vampires, werewolves, shifters, humans, witches, demons, the works. Do you want to know why?" Bella didn't feel that she shouldn't have asked her sister to tell her these things. At first, she outright refused the idea of telling her, but her resolve broke quickly. "Why?" Bella asked, knowing that she knew the answer from the start. "He's a Fallen, Isabel. He's king of all demons. He never died, our suffering was because of him." she said, her yes emotionless, the feeling of her raw anger almost palpable. She didn't have to say who. Bella knew. Their father was a demon. Lucifer, to be more specific. She ran a hand through her hair and looked to her sister, willing all of this to be a huge lie, but her sister's expression told her that she had no such luck. "Will you tell them?" Raisa asked after a long silence. Bella shook her head. "It's none of their business." she nodded, clasping her hands as they heard the front door being opened. "I'm home." a deep voice yelled throughout the house, causing Raisa to freeze and Bella to jump up. She had heard that voice all too many times. "Come one, Nev. Let's go see Charlie. When her sister didn't move, she looked to her. "What's wrong?" Bella asked as she heard footsteps hitting the floor. The door groaned as it opened and there he was. "Raisa?" he asked in a shocked voice. Bella walked towards him, about to touch his arm when she was snatched back by her sister. "What's wrong with you? It's just Charlie." Raisa looked to her sister. "Forgive me," she said as she lifted her and threw her out the window, bailing out after her and helping her sister to her feet. She was screaming loudly from the pain of a broken leg. Picking her sister up and hauling her on her back, she broke out into a run of unbelievable speeds. "What's going on?" she yelled as her sister ran faster, which didn't seem possible. "I'll explain it when we get where we need to go." She she ran, she noticed the cliff separating the treaty line coming closer. "Look out! There's a-" She felt like her breath was running out as her sister leaped into the air, landing on one foot and sprinting towards the La Push reservation. She picked up her tempo when she heard a wolf how very close. A flash of russet alerted her that it was Jacob and another flash of silver let her know it was either Leah or Paul. The silver wolf launched at her, causing her to duck under, Bella crying out in pain, but she couldn't stop. This one was ruthless and he could kill them. Once she got back on her feet, she exited the treeline. She knew they couldn't attack her in wolf form that way. She hiked her sister up her back and made her way to Old Quil's house. Pot să mă mai înțelegi? Can you still understand me? Plimbare cu mine. Voi discuta totul . Ride with me. I'll discuss everything. [Hai] o, watashi ni shitsumon o shi ni iku mae ni. Watashi wa anata no bōifurendo ga kyūketsukidearu koto o shitte iru. Anata wa watashi ga shitte iru koto o tsutaeta baai, watashi wa kinishinai. Chārī wa mata, karera wa, kare ga jibun no gādiandearu to iu riyū dake de, kare wa fōku ni tsuita hi karadearu koto ga shira rete iru. Watashitachiha, watashi wa nani ga okotte iru ka shitte iru koto ga nandearu ka o giron suru no ni jūbun'na jikan o motte irunode, imanotokoro, watashi no adomitansu ni manzoku shite wa ikenai. Watashi wa anata ni renraku suru koto o kinji rarete kita kamo shirenaiga, watashi wa anata no tabu o iji shi, anzendearu koto o kakunin shite teishi shita koto ga nai. Korekara kuru. Karera wa, chōkaku no han'i-naideari, sarani wa watashitachi no mawari no kuruma no oto no ue ni, karera wa watashi ga anata ni hanashite iru shitte irushi, karera ga nani o shiritai. Watashitachiha-ka o ereba, watashi wa anata ga shiritai koto o oshiete kuremasuga, watashi wa anata o oshietara, jibun no sekinin de sorera o oshietekudasai. Korera wa, shitte iru to kangae, machigatta hitobito wa karera ga shitte iru koto o hakken shita baai, sore wa dare ni tottemo mendōda shite inai. Before you get to asking me questions, yes. I know that your boyfriend is a vampire. I don't care if you tell them that I know. Charlie has also known that they are since the day he got to Forks simply because he is their Guardian. We don't have enough time to discuss what that is, so for now, be satisfied with my admittance that I know what's going on. I may have been forbidden to contact you, but I never stopped keeping tabs on you and making sure that you were safe. Now come on. They are within hearing range and even over the sound of the cars around us, they know I'm talking to you and they want to know what about. Once we get home, I will tell you what you want to know, but once I tell you, you tell them at your own risk. They are not supposed to know and if the wrong people find out that they know, it's trouble for everyone. Daijōbu Alright. Bepa Vera