as he examined me closely. "Make up a good excuse for that mark," he said quietly, reaching out to tap my sore cheek with the tips of his fingers. The gesture was gentler than what I was used to and it took all my self control not to flinch, or better yet, run . Gentle Charlie was never a good sign. "Finish dinner," he said, his voice matching the look on his face. He looked like the old Charlie used to look—like the kind, gentle police chief father the townspeople still thought he was. It threw me off kilter as I quickly finished boiling and mashing the potatoes, throwing together a quick salad while the steaks rested. He even thanked me when I served him, and had no comments about the meal I'd set out. When we finished and I washed the dishes, Charlie was still watching me. "We're not going to be alone again for a while," he began quietly, blocking my way to the staircase. I wanted to go to bed, and I felt my chest constrict at his words. "Uh huh," I agreed, nodding as I rested against the counter. "It'll be awhile before…" Not tonight. "Can I go to bed?" "Sure," he said, though he made no move to unblock the steps. "Bed." "Dad please," I said, my voice breaking as I fought back tears. Not tonight. "Go on up to bed, Bella," he said gently. "I'll see you up there in a few minutes." "I'd really rather sleep," I tried hesitantly, wondering if he'd slap me for my insolence. "I don't really want to…" "Go on up," he said, in the same, gentle voice. "I'll be up shortly." "Maybe I'll just watch a movie," I tried, sliding towards the living room. "I'm not really that tired…" "Go to bed, Bella," he said firmly. "It's bedtime. Daddy says so." The tears did fall now, and I wished I could be anywhere but here. "Go on." I sniffed as he took my hand and forced me to the steps, his strength more than my own. I hesitated on the steps and he reached out and nudged my back, and I knew he'd have no problem picking me up and carrying me upstairs if I didn't do it myself. " He's your father, not your lover…" came the unkind voice in my mind. "Little slut wants to make her daddy happy…" I don't. Do so. "Don't," I said out loud once I reached the entrance to my door, glancing up and down the hall to find someplace else to go. There was nowhere I could hide that he wouldn't find me, and when I heard him creaking his way up the steps, I panicked. In my bedroom, the only place to go was the closet, and I knew he'd only be angrier if he found me there. I rummaged around the room, my brain scrambling to think of somewhere— anywhere —else I could go to avoid what I knew was coming. I found a pair of old pyjamas in the drawers by the window and quickly stripped, throwing them on. Ugly pyjamas had never deterred him before, I knew, though I supposed there was always a chance... I heard him entering his own bedroom, no doubt to find something to change into for himself, and I quickly slipped into my bed, wrapping my sheets and comforter tightly around me. I laid down on my pillows and squeezed my eyes shut. I'm sleeping. "Baby?" came the voice of Gentle Charlie. I ignored him, praying with all my might to whatever God might be listening for him to leave me be. " Just for tonight," I thought. "I'll tell my brothers tomorrow. I'll tell them how he hits and grabs and touches…" I knew I was lying, and when Charlie opened the door and chuckled, I knew it was God's turn to punish my deceit. I'm sorry. No one answered. "All bundled up for bed," Charlie mocked. "Come on, Bella, I know you're awake." The edge of my bed sunk down low and I grabbed my blankets tighter, willing him away. His lips pressed to my exposed cheek and his hands stroked down my blanket-covered body, and I flinched when he tore them back, the cool air whooshing around me. His hands went to my hands then, unclenching them as he placed them on his shoulders and he tossed himself over, lying next to me. "Be a good girl, Bella," he said gently. "Can you be a good girl for me?" I clamped my eyes shut as I felt him reaching down for my shirt, pulling it up over my head. "Good girl." Like he always did, he started with my shirt before he moved to my pants and underclothes, loving me in a way I knew he shouldn't. Be a good girl, Bella. Be a good girl… Good girl… Good… I went limp under him and let him do whatever pleased him. I did my best to ignore his hands on me, all the while rerunning the mantra of "good girl" in my head. I was a good girl. I was good… I was a good girl… He moved over me. Always moving, always moving... "Oh that's my good girl!" When he kissed me, pulled away and left, I wrapped myself tightly in my blankets again, not even bothering to replace my ugly pyjamas. I laid naked under my bedclothes, once again clenching my hands in fists and squeezing my eyes shut, willing myself to sleep. Maybe, if I was lucky, I wouldn't wake up. A/N: All of the changes to this story were done with the permission of the original "Bella". She has pre-read and pre-approved all changes in both plot and diction, so nothing has been done hastily or without consent. As always, this story is based on true events. I'd love to hear what you have to say! Are you liking the changes? Let me know!