after she gave the necklace back to Renesmee. "He is on his way. Jasper and Edward was hunting." "Ed-who?" "Edward. Our brother." "Oh..." "It doesn't matter now, but she will love jasper, I'm sure of it," Alice said and began jumping up and down. "I'm sure about that. And Nessie, later you will meet uncle jasper." "Yay!" Renesmee giggled. Emmett handed Renesmee to Alice. Renesmee hugged Alice tight and said, "I have two aunts and uncles! I'm so lappy!" "You mean happy," Emmett said. "I said lappy!" It was the only word she couldn't. Then the bell rang and I hurried to my first class after getting her back and calling, "See yah all in lunch!" Alice was in my second and third class, so in fourth class I was alone with Nessie again. I just waited for the bell to ring so I could go. I played a little with Nessies hair, but I longed for my family. Finally the bell rang and I hurried out the door. I walked right to the Cullen table with Renesmee holding my hand. She concentrated on walking so she didn't notice the others. It was Alice, Jazz, Rose, Emmy and a bronze haired man with his back to me that was sitting at the table. I also saw it was pulled out two chairs, so I and Renesmee got a place to sit. Nice. "Izzy!" Jasper shouted when he saw me. "Hi, Jazz," I said and laughed while I sat Renesmee down on the chair nearest Jasper, while I sat beside the bronze coloured mystery man. "It's so good to see you! And this has to be Renesmee after what Alice told me," He said happily. "You're absolutely right." I grinned. "Wow, she's really beautiful," he said and let Renesmee play with his fingers. "Mm..." I wandered away, thinking about the first time I met her. Then Emmett said something that got my attention focused. "Have you found your mate yet?" "No, not yet." "Oh, I'm so sorry! Bella, this is our mind reading brother Edward, and Edward, this is Bella, Izzy, Isabella, whatever," Alice said. "Nice to meet you," I said softly looking at him. He turned his head my way. I gasped and said, "You have gold eyes. Why didn't Carlisle send you on a visit? Or at least..." I clasped my hand over my mouth and looked at his face that was filled with wonder. Then I looked at Renesmee that was now playing with her necklace. I gasped again. Him. He is... My eyes got huge. "Nice to meet you," he said coldly. His eyes filled with hardness. I glared. I quickly took away his blood lust, and he was now immune. His eyes shifted colour to a beautiful emerald green. I felt my mouth drop open, but I quickly shut it. Then I wiped every human's memory of Edward with gold eyes and replaced them with the same memories only with green eyes. "Your welcome," I said and got up. "I'm heading to my next class, see you later." Then I took Renesmee in my arms and was quickly out of the cafeteria and heading towards biology. Of course the whispering and staring was even worse now. Oh, my luck. Yeah, right. Because when I walked into my classroom a guy named Mike Newton had followed after me. I turned around. "Hi, I was just wondering if you would like to go on a date with me?" he asked and looked so sure. "Are you kidding? I have a child." "Can't you just drop her off home?" "You are really stupid! My child is more important than any date and every guy. You can't just `drop her off´ that's awful. Screw you!" Then I stormed to the back and sat down at a seat. I just waited for the teacher to come. He took a lot of time to get in the class room. So I sat there playing with Renesmee until – finally – Mr. Banner walked in. I gave him my slip and then hurried back to my seat. After a while the whole class was filled and I didn't even have a clue about who sat beside me. I turned my head. Crap! Edward was my neighbour. "Okay class. The one you are sitting beside now is going to be your lab partner for the rest of the year." Then he began with his lecture. Crap, double crap! Edward for a year. He didn't even like me, and still he was – the supposed to be – father to Renesmee. "Momma?" Renesmee whispered. "Yes?" I whispered back. "Is it true that grandpa and grandma is here some place?" Aw, always cute. "Yes, in Forks, but they're too old to go to school." Her eyes filled with happiness and a smile formed on her lips. Then I felt someone was staring at me, I turned towards Edward. "What?" I asked. "N-nothing," he answered, then turned `focusing´ on the teacher. When the hour was over and I walked towards my gym group, I saw Renesmee stare after Edward who was heading the other direction. "Dad," she whispered so low that it almost was impossible to hear. She recognised him, and she wanted her dad. Gym was boring. I just needed to sit and look. I just had to wait for the bell to ring. And finally they were done. So now I was walking to my car with a sleepy Renesmee in my arms. Maybe she could stay with Carlisle and Esme while I was at school? I had to ask. So instead of going home I followed my feelings to the house I had seen yesterday. Soon I was standing in front of the Cullens house with a sleeping girl in my arms. Alice wouldn't see that we were coming, because of my shield, but she could see some white spots in a vision and know it is me. I knocked. Hope you liked it.