help it and right now, this little shit was asking for a beating. In response Edward stormed off with a childish huff. As he passed Alice he paused and looked at her in shock. He was stock still for a moment and then all of a sudden his eyes turned a coal black and he roared at Alice. " YOU'RE WRONG! THAT'LL NEVER HAPPEN! " The sudden guttural yell made Esme and Rose flinch but every male stepped in front of his mate, myself included. I bore my teeth and lowered myself in a crouch, ready to tackle him if he made a jump for her. Edward seemed a bit taken aback by everyone's reactions and dashed upstairs at his top speed, the door slamming behind him so hard it created a crack along the wall. I let out a sigh and turned to my wife. "What was that about Alice?" Alice looked like she was about to cry and her emotions were a jumble of sadness, anger, and shock. "Oh Jazz, I can't get a good vision of her, so many other people keep popping up in place and everytime I try to focus back to Bella the same thing happens! It's like she's everyone! I've seen you, Rose and Emmett, Carlisle too! It doesn't make any sense but I'm only getting one solid vision of her." She informed me bitterly as she clenched her fists on the sketch pad. There were so many faces, people I think I had seen in the street, kids from school, even a cat? I was so utterly bewildered. "And what would that be Alice?" I prompted when she stayed silent. For a long moment she said nothing and stared resolutely at her hands. After a little confusion sent her way she finally gave in and looked me in the eyes. "They aren't together anymore." I raised an eyebrow and bent down and took her hands, unclenching her fists in the process. "What do you mean?" I could see the venom tears dying to spill though they never would as she sobbed out. "Bella and Edward...she won't love him again." She finished in a whisper as she threw herself at my chest. I swallowed roughly and felt a twinge of pity for Edward, seeing that yourself in Alice's vision had to be hard. I could understand why he yelled even though it pissed me off. "Do you still see her with us?" Esme tentatively asked, her voice shaking with emotion. Alice shook her head roughly against my chest whilst whimpering, "I don't know, I don't know..." Esme clutched to Carlisle's arm and Emmett was holding his wife tightly against his chest, I could feel the sadness radiating off of everyone and it was really starting to bring me down. I tried to push back everyone's silent pain and clapped my hands to get their attention. "Right, let's not panic Bella has been able to mess with Alice's visions before and just because she won't love Edward, doesn't mean the same for us. We'll show her how much we want her here and she'll see for herself that we'll accept her no matter if she's dating a member of the family or not." The others perked up a little at that but I could feel Rose trying to bite back something, I looked at her and saw her furrowed brow and her bitch face was in full force. "But if she can't remember us maybe its a blessing, this means that she can't betray our secret." Rose offered quietly much to the irritation of most of the room. I could see Rose's point and as someone that hadn't exactly bonded with Bella I couldn't fault her logic for thinking that way. Sighing I sent out a wave of calm and put a hand on Rose's shoulder. "She has a point, this could be a good way out if that's what Bella wants. She clearly doesn't know we're Vampires and that gives us a chance to choose ourselves whether she learns it this time. Though chances are she'll just figure it out herself again." I finished with a smile to Emmett who seemed slightly offended that I agreed with his wife. He nodded after a pause, this could be an opportunity to back away from her and keep her safe at the same time from people like the Volturi. "If that's what she wants." He agreed in a sad voice. For his and mostly Esme's sake, I hoped that she wouldn't choose to leave our family but who knew what she'd do, certainly not Alice. "Tomorrow will you and Emmett please go and pick up Bella? If she wants to come that'd be helpful but if not just do your best to reason with her, I don't want to take her to a hospital or force her to come here, but she can't be on her own with no memory, that's dangerous." Emmett and myself agreed easily and we arranged to drop round at 11, seeing as how she had a very late night. Until then all of us would just have to keep ourselves busy, we tried to ignore Edward as best as we could but we could hear his angry scribbles as he wrote more music to 'vent'. I just rolled my eyes at him and joined Esme in the kitchen, anything to stop me looking at the clock. Well, first chapter! Honestly, I'm not 100% with it but I've changed it up so many times now that it'll have to do, else I'd never post it. So, we have a strange, foul-mouthed, grease monkey in Bella's body, the Cullens are already suspicious and Alice's visions are disjointed. Let the hijinks begin! Chapter 2 is the start of the longest day in human history, and it'll end with a bang. Please let me know what you thought, if you see any obvious mistakes and what you think will happen next. Thanks for reading!