more with his dick and shoved into me roughly. Fuck. I wasn't going to be able to walk in the morning with the way he pinned my legs down by my hips. His face contorted in pleasure as he pushed his dick inside of me and I could do nothing but helplessly be fucked by this beautiful man. My sensitive clit throbbed against his pelvic bone everytime it hit which caused spasms to erupt from my lower abdomen and legs. Edward looked down and chuckled once more. "Do you like this? Do you like it when I fuck you like this? Rough and hard. I feel you clenching around me again, baby. It feels so good on my cock." He reached up to grab my nipple and I bit down on my lip as another wave crashed over me. My body had never done this before. I crumbled around him as I felt him twitch inside of me. He released into the condom and I wished for some reason we didn't have the barrier. He let out a slew of groans and words as he collapsed on top of me. I brought my legs together as he fell beside me and placed his hand on his abdomen. He glanced over at me and licked his lips. I turned my head to look up at the ceiling. My legs were shaking and I was sure I wouldn't be able to walk. We lay there for what felt like hours. His fingers traced slow patterns on my skull and would randomly trace a strand of hair. I placed my head on his chest and reached to trace over the tattoo that was on his chest and reached up towards his shoulders. Edward kissed the top of my head before he sat up and swung his legs over the bed. "Where are you going?" I croaked out and sat up. The sheet followed me. He pulled his pants up and leaned over to kiss my forehead. "I have to deal with some business," he replied and buckled his belt. I saw him grab a shiny metal object off of the bedside table and tuck it into the side of his pants. I wasn't stupid. Edward had a gun. A gun was in Edward's pants. I looked from the waist of his pants to his face as he pulled his shirt back on. "I shouldn't be long. I'll be back. Go get a shower, get cleaned up and I'll be back here." My eyes were still wide by the metal object pressing against his skin. "You have a gun," I whispered out. Jake didn't have a gun. At least, I didn't think he did. Why did Edward have a gun? He smirked and pulled his suit jacket over his arms. "Don't worry about it beautiful." He leaned once more to kiss my cheek. His hand stroked my neck before he left with a retreating kiss to my forehead. I watched his retreating form leave the bedroom and I looked down. I had just had sex with a stranger. A beautiful stranger, but a stranger none the less. He could've had a disease for all I knew. I scrambled out of the bed on shaky legs and pulled on my dress. My underwear were somewhere lost in the bedroom but I didn't care to look. I grabbed my clutch and quickly walked from the bedroom. I felt like a truck had demolished my vagina. I hissed as I made my way down the stairs and across the massage living room and towards the door. When I got to the elevator outside I cursed everything. It was voice activated. Of course, you dumbass. Remember, that's how he got the elevator opened. My eyes moved quickly around the hallway and I glanced at a door labeled 'Exit'. I smirked and walked towards it. Apparently, he wasn't as safe as he though with his high tech gadgets. I slipped out the door and began down the stairs. "Bella, you're so fucking stupid. Letting some guy fuck you within the first hour of meeting him. So fucking stupid!" I cursed myself when I got down two flights. The stairs stopped and I got to another door. I looked around and hoped to God I could get out somehow. I could run away. I could run and run and he'd never find me. I'd leave the city. I'd run. I heaved a sigh of relief when I was down the hallway that we were in before Edward got into the elevator that went to his pent house. The elevator seemed to take forever and I smiled when it dinged open. Gliding between the doors, I pressed the button to the first floor. The lobby was empty when I stepped out and I quickly walked through and to the outside to hail a cab. "Address?" The driver asked. "Sea-Tac please," I whispered and sat back against the cab. I was running. Edward and Jake would never find me. I scrambled through my wallet and handed the driver a twenty and scrambled out to the airport. The early morning was slow and there were a few travelers here and there. When I approached the clerk I'm sure I looked a hot mess but I didn't care and I didn't have time to fix myself. I needed to get away. "First plane to Jacksonville, Florida please," I slapped the only credit card I owned down onto the counter. The clerk nodded, swiped my card and waited for my ticket to print out. "There you go, Miss Swan. Have a pleasant travel. Your plane leaves in three hours." The clerk gave me a stiff smiled and I walked towards a store to my left. I was leaving. I'd buy a set of clothes to get me through the flight and to my mother's. I didn't have a phone to call her and cursed myself. I hoped she would be home when I got there.