my lips with his own. His kiss was sweet and romantic; a slow dance of lips and tongue and I moaned breathlessly into his mouth. I moved around to face him and took the soap to wash him. I ran my hands over his torso, using my nails on his nipples and made him groan. I felt a thrill run through me at the sexual power I held with him and moved my hands lower to his half-erect penis. I soaped it languidly, pulling gently as I stroked him slowly and smiled as he pulled out of our deep kiss. "Leah," he hissed. I leaned in, peppering kisses on his lips and jaw. "Mhmm." He abruptly turned me away from him and directed my body into the spray to rinse me thoroughly. "You're going to kill me," he groaned and I grinned wickedly. When we were both free of soap, he reached out and shut off the water. He grabbed a towel before I could and started rubbing me dry. It was so achingly gentle and chivalrous that it made me feel all quivery inside. When I was dry, he wrapped the damp towel around his own waist before taking a dry one to wrap around my body. We moved back into the bedroom and he stripped the top sheet with its evidence of our earlier passion and tossed it on the floor. It was such a simple thing, but it did volumes to my emotions. I had not ever had anyone be so sensitive and caring towards me, definitely not Sam. "Stay with me?" I asked him quietly and he nodded wordlessly. I liked that he wasn't a talkative person. Our silence was comfortable as we lay on the bed together. We were facing each other and he ran his fingertips up and down my arm. I knew I had a sappy, dreamy look on my face but I didn't care. For the first time in years, I didn't hurt; I felt peaceful, feminine and most importantly like I mattered more than dirt. I was hot, temperature-wise, and un-tucked the towel from around my boobs. "You don't mind do you?" I asked him as I pulled it from my body. He lifted an eyebrow as he smiled slow and sexy. "Never." We lay there touching affectionately, kissing, with no rush in the slow building passion. I was slick, ready for him after a while and he had regained his impressive erection. He stripped the towel from around his waist and I hooked my leg over his. He rubbed the tip of his turgid length over my slit, giving a few strokes to my clitoris before sinking slowly into my waiting heat. It was a slow loving this time as we rocked together, my arm hugging him close to me as he stroked my hair and face, whispering words of praise and arousal. We both reached orgasm together and when he erupted inside of me, I cried out in a high tone, the feeling of him spilling inside me once again sending my senses reeling. I rode the aftershocks, clenching around him and he gasped. "Ahh, you're so tight!" I smiled; I did have incredibly strong muscles. "You're so big," I retorted gently as I caught my breath and I was amused when he flushed a little. When our breathing had returned to normal, he pulled out of me and used his towel to clean himself before he ministered to me. When he was finished, I turned my back to him and he spooned me. I wouldn't have ever thought of myself as the cuddling type, but when he wrapped his masculine arms around me I found myself feeling safe and peaceful. I wiggled my butt against him and he tightened his arms around me as he nuzzled me behind the ear. "Sleep, Leah," he murmured and I wound my fingers through his where his hand laid against my toned stomach. "Will you be gone when I wake up?" I asked, feeling insecure. He moved our hands in a small comforting circle. "I'll be here." I fell asleep with his arms around me and for once I slept a dreamless sleep. I woke up with my head resting on a male chest and felt an instant of panic before I remembered what had happened last night. I hesitantly lifted my head and peeked at his face. Charlie Swan. Fuck me . I hoped - I really hoped - that Bella didn't kill me. He smiled at me and I gave a timid one back and could only think of the words to the Patty Loveless song 'Lonely Too Long'. Well good morning; tell me how'd you sleep last night You're still smiling so we must've done something right Don't feel guilty because you turned to me last night We ain't done nothin' wrong We've just been lonely too long We ain't done nothin' wrong We've just been lonely too long It's only natural when you've been too long in the dark To look for comfort and to warm yourself by the fire We're just afraid that we might get our fingers burned We ain't done nothin' wrong We've just been lonely too long No we ain't done nothin' We've both been lonely too long Okay, so really I can't take credit for much more than the idea and the lemon. Sari wrote the first part of it and helped me flesh out the other parts. Who didn't cry when Leah fell apart on the couch? Should I continue or just leave this as a citrusy one shot? I guess it all depends on what the readers want. I'm pretty sure I can rustle up a few (maybe a lot) more spicy scenarios. I might even be able to get Sari to help me formulate an actual plot so it's more than just a marathon of sex. We'll see. If you have an opinion, let it be known with a review!