she was old enough to have a daughter their age. As Gray again shifted position—opening her hands and resting her forehead against her palms, her fingers weaving into her hair—Edward wondered if she suffered from migraines. Gray lowered her hands and pressed her fingertips against her forehead. Edward could see her eyes watching him closely through her fingers. So quickly it startled him, she sat up straighter and lowered her hands, looking everywhere but at him. Keeping her eyes averted, she pulled a phone from her coat pocket, moving unusually slowly. She shook her head, and her eyes closed for a brief moment. She looked annoyed, and Edward again saw her lips move as her thumbs slid over the screen of her phone, but just as before, although he sat only roughly six feet from her, he couldn't hear even a whisper of her voice, not the slightest sound. "So, what'd you and Jake get up to this afternoon?" "What?" Edward asked, pulled from his thoughts. His father repeated his question as he sipped his coffee. "Jake was working on the—" Edward caught himself just in time. He'd been so wrapped up in thinking about Gray that he'd almost blown it big time. If his father ever found out about the bikes Jake was fixing up, he'd go apeshit. Not too much could truly send his father into a rage, but learning about those bikes would do it. He felt guilty going behind his father's back, but he couldn't help himself. The thought of speeding down the highway on his bike was like a drug he couldn't resist. Besides, he consoled himself, in spite of Jake's confidence, he wasn't at all sure his friend was up to the challenge. Not that he'd ever admit it to Jake, but in spite of the progress he swore he was making, Edward wasn't sure the bikes would ever be anything more than motorcycle-shaped piles of scrap metal. "We were just hanging out in the back, in the garage. Jake's been fixing up the Rabbit," Edward said, referring to the old Volkswagen Rabbit his best friend had been working on since before he'd had a license to drive it. "He got a couple parts from this place down in Hoquiam he was all excited about." That part, at least, was true. Edward's attention was pulled back to Gray when she slid out of the booth, walking to the cooler and getting a can of soda for herself. She drank Sprite as well, he noticed. She opened the can and raised it to her lips, but something about the action looked wrong, he thought, although he couldn't put his finger on what it was. Setting the can down, her eyes fell to the tabletop. Soon, Katie brought their dinners out. "Here we are," she said as she set their plates down. "Another coffee, Chief Swan?" "Please, Katie." Katie's eyes darted to Gray and her mother at the next booth before returning to Edward, her eyebrow arching questioningly before she returned to the kitchen, a teasing smirk on her lips. Edward's eyes flickered repeatedly back to Gray, but she was looking out the window, down at the table, at her phone, anywhere but toward him. He felt the loss of those eyes on him as if something had been ripped away from inside him. As he raised his fork to his mouth, those tired-looking eyes fixed on him once again which such intensity, it startled him. Although her face was angled toward the swinging door to the kitchen directly across from their booth, she was undeniably watching at him out of the corner of her eye. A chill run up Edward's spine—she wasn't just looking at him, there was so much concentration in her face it was as if she were studying him—and his hand dropped. Lasagna fell off his fork and landed on his leg. In an instant, Edward felt his face flame with embarrassment. He wanted to crawl under the table and hide. So much for not doing anything to humiliate myself. He knew she'd been looking at him, knew it was too much too hope for that she might not have seen, but Edward risked a glance at her anyway. While Gray was looking up at the ceiling, seemingly fascinated by the dozens of brightly colored plastic Easter eggs hanging by ribbons, the corners of her lips twitched. Glad I amuse you, Edward thought to himself, but no sooner had he thought it than he realized it was true. Some of the weariness looked to have left her eyes as they crinkled in amusement, and if he was in any way responsible for that, he was glad for it. Of course, he wished it had been something witty and clever he'd said that had caused those eyes to crinkle and those lips to want to smile. . . . The swinging door was pushed open a moment later, and a man exited the kitchen carrying a stack of six pizzas, which he set down on the counter next to Katie. On their feet the moment the door opened, Gray and her mother were already approaching the counter, her mother pulling her wallet out once again to pay for the can of Sprite. Keeping his head down, pushing the food around on his plate with his fork, Edward's eyes followed Gray as she took three of the pies and followed her mother out the door without a glance back toward him. He watched her put the pizzas in the backseat. He watched her until she slipped into the passenger seat and pulled the door closed. Turning from the window, he stared down at his plate, and his lips curved into a smile. . Author's note: Pacific Pizza is a real place in Forks. I've never been to Forks, but there are dozens of reviews for the place online, and several reviewers on different sites commented that the seat cushions in every booth were torn.