it. Nothing mattered anymore. Nothing would ever matter again. The monster within him had won, and it would never be sated . ... He watched the little, yellow duck bobbing around in a sea of watery red. She dipped the white flannel into the water and wrung it out. It had turned pink. She wiped the tears from his cheeks and washed behind his ears. "Could you want me without the intimacy?" he asked. "This is intimate, isn't it? Washing you." He turned his head and looked at her face. Her lips were parted, and he wanted so much to kiss her, to put his tongue into her mouth and pull her close. He wanted to consume her. "I don't know if I can separate myself from the past," he whispered. "Every sexual act has ended in bloodshed, and I'm not sure if I can be intimate with you in that way without remembering." She lay the flannel out flat on the surface of the water, covering the little, yellow duck, and sighed. "I long to be with you in every way," she said. "I always have, even before I knew you existed, but I won't push you to do something you can't ever again." She turned her head away so he wouldn't see her tears and reached for the pile of fabric to her left. She pulled on the white shift dress and stood, and then she walked towards the open door. "There's a towel there for you," she said. He hurried to follow her, dripping and slipping on the floor. He scrubbed the towel over his head and body and then looked at it in disgust. Dark red streaks of blood marred the fluffy white. He threw it down and ran to catch her up, reaching out to pull her to him, but he wasn't trying to comfort her. He was hurt and he was angry. "You can't say something like that and walk away from me," he said, and then he realised she was shaking. "Why are you crying? Is it because I won't fuck you?" "No!" She turned on him, pounding her fists against his chest. "I did this to you. Me. I destroyed every last vestige of humanity you had left, and still I can't let you go." He felt his body soften as he enveloped hers. "I don't want you to let me go, and I'll forgive you anything you did to me, if only you could forgive me." ... There was only one thick cut sandwich, wrapped in greaseproof paper. He peeled back a corner of the bread to inspect the filling. It was cheese. Pale yellow, almost white. She watched him take the first bite. He took a little more than was wise, and his cheeks plumped out whilst he chewed. He watched her trying to contain her amusement. Her eyes were twinkling and her lips were resisting her every effort to keep them pressed together. He swallowed his mouthful. "Do you find this funny?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "You used to watch me eat." "I found it fascinating." His eyes dropped to the sandwich in his hand then returned to her. "I found you fascinating." "I forgave you whilst you drank my blood. Did you not hear me?" "Pardon?" "I said I was sorry. I said I forgave you. Over and over until I couldn't utter another word, and then I thought the words as I watched you fall apart." "There was this noise in my ears. It was deafening." "You were distraught. You were screaming. I tried to comfort you, but you couldn't feel my touch. You couldn't even see me." "I can see you now." "I know." ... "Edward! You need to stop! Please!" ... He lay back in the tub with his legs outstretched and closed his eyes. The water already had wisps of red floating in it. "Get in," he said. She removed her white dress and sat at the opposite end, laying her legs over his so her feet were close to his hips. The hairs on his shins tickled the backs of her thighs. She lifted her long hair up and draped it over the rim of the bath, leant back and closed her eyes. The water was almost scalding. She thought she might fall asleep. He opened first one eye and then the other. He regarded her face, her long lashes, her lips, her collarbones, her breasts, her stomach and the pink skin between her legs. The water was slowly darkening, hiding her, restricting his view. She heard the gentle splish splosh of the water and felt the skin of his legs dragging against hers as they moved beneath them, but she didn't open her eyes. She felt his hands slide between her arms and her sides, up under her shoulders, and then the weight of his body as he gently lowered himself down on top of her. Then she felt his lips on her chest, her throat and the underside of her chin, and when they reached her lips, she embraced him. He entered her body with such ease, it was as if he had been able to love her this way all his life. His movements were so natural, so loving, and although he did not yet allow himself to display the full intensity of his passion, she knew he would another time, another day. They sunk down under the water, forehead to forehead, nose to nose, eyes wide open, but all they could see between them was deep, dark red. "After you, I couldn't stop." "I know. I was there." "I fucked and drank and killed and fucked and drank, and I just couldn't stop." "I know. I went everywhere you went." "I made him drive a stake through my chest. I begged him to end it." "I know, Edward." "Bella?" "I saw everything. He loved you with all his heart, as do I." "Where are we?" "We're here. Together."