moved beside me and then kissed me before pulling back slightly. "Bella, are you sure?" he asked. I knew he would never force me to do anything I wasn't ready for, but I was ready for this. "I've never been more sure of anything in my life, Edward." Without another word, he ran his fingers through my folds again. "You're still so wet, Baby," he said as he moved to hover over me. Anticipation flowed through my veins as our eyes met, and just as he was about to lean in, he swore under his breath. "Dammit!" "What is it, Edward. What's wrong?" "Baby, I don't have any condoms. I haven't been with anyone in such a long time, and I didn't expect this tonight, so I'm not prepared. I can get dressed and run to the corner store." I should have stopped him, but his rambling was kind of cute. When he started to get up, I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him on top of me. "Edward, it's okay. You don't need to make a special trip to the store." His face fell as he spoke. "Oh, okay. I guess it would kinda ruin the mood, wouldn't it?" "Edward, that's not what I meant. I meant you don't have to go to the store. I'm on the pill. I have been since I was fourteen." It took him a minute to think about my words. "What are you saying, Bella?" "I'm saying that I'm safe and I trust you. You don't need a condom unless you want to wear one." "Are...are you sure? We can wait. We don't have to—" I cut him off by pressing my lips to his in a feverish kiss. It was all the encouragement he needed, because he hovered over me and lined up with my entrance. "This is probably going to hurt," he whispered against my lips. "It's okay, Edward. I'm ready." He deepened the kiss once more as he started to press into me inch-by-inch. After a moment, he stilled and looked me in the eyes. "I'm so sorry, baby," he said before pushing himself in the rest of the way. I closed my eyes as I felt a sharp pinch and some discomfort, but it resided quickly. When I reopened them, Edward was looking down at me lovingly. "Are you okay?" "Yes," I told him honestly as I shifted underneath him, "but I'm ready for more." He brought his lips to mine as he started to move his hips, and I'd never felt so good. He would pull almost all the way out before sliding back in, each time seemingly deeper than the last. I felt so full, yet it wasn't enough. Once he was sure I had fully adjusted to him, he began to quicken his pace. I felt the same burning in the pit of my stomach that I did earlier, and I knew I was close to another orgasm. Almost as if he was reading my mind, he spoke. "Ugh, so good. I'm close, baby." When he moved his hand between us and started rubbing circles around my nub, I lost it and screamed out as the orgasm shot through my body. With a few more erratic thrusts, Edward collapsed on top of me. Once our breathing returned to normal, he rolled off me and hugged me to his side. "That was..." "Amazing? Fantastic?" Edward finished like it was a question. "Yes," I sighed. "All that and more. I love you, Edward." "I love you, too." We drifted to sleep in each other's arms, completely sated and in love. Six months later... I stood at the top of the beach and stared at the aisle before me. The sand was littered with petals and the guests were standing, waiting for me to make my move. Looking up, I met his gaze and took my first steps toward my future. When I made it to the arch, I looked into the emerald eyes of my love. "Edward and Isabella—today you enter as individuals, but you will leave here as husband and wife, blending your lives, expanding your family ties, and embarking upon the grandest adventure of human interaction. The story of your life together is still yours to write. All those present have come to witness and celebrate your love and commitment this day—eager to be a part of the story not yet told." I don't think I heard a word of what the minister said, I was so enamored by Edward and the love shining in his eyes. "Edward and Isabella have elected to write their own vows... Edward?" Edward turned and looked deeply into my eyes. "Bella, when I first saw you I knew you were meant to be mine. I think I fell in love with you over five years ago. Letting you get away was the worst mistake of my life, but finding you again was like receiving the biggest gift ever. I promise to cherish you, and protect you. I will be faithful to you and love only you until the final breath leaves my body." I had tears on my cheeks as he finished. "Edward, five years ago I thought that I was ready to take the steps that would lead to my future. Fate had other plans for me it seems. When you walked back into my life, I didn't want to love you. Again, fate had other plans. Now, I can't see my future without picturing you. Today, I am glad that first I said I don't so that I can say I do...to you." The rest of the ceremony was a blur, so when the minister pronounced us husband and wife, I was startled. When he told Edward to kiss me, I smiled. "I love you, Bella Cullen." "I love you, Edward Cullen." When his lips met mine for the first time as my husband, I knew that I had finally found my forever. ~~The End~~