to it, and so Bella was careful to treat it well. She sat down carefully on Charlie's lightly rumpled comforter and put the phone down beside her, taking a moment to breathe deeply and plan out what she was going to say. How did you word something like this? What was she supposed to say to him if she dialed the phone number and he answered? Dad's gone… Something's happened to Dad… Dad passed away yesterday… Dad's dead. She pressed her hands to her forehead to stave off the burgeoning headache, and forced her own grief aside as she tried to think. She had no idea what to say. Pushing her anxiety aside for the time being, Bella opened the little black book and flipped through the various names and addresses Charlie had written down. She glanced through with a nostalgic smile on her face as she took in old names and numbers that she had long forgotten. There was her old ballet teacher, with whom Bella had only lasted one year before she broke down and cried her way out of a second. There was the elementary school she had attended until the end of sixth grade, when she had moved to the vastly superior, yet incredibly intimidating middle school. There were pages of old acquaintances, people who had slipped in and out of Charlie's life as quickly and quietly as a rainbow after a storm. There were old, longtime friends that Bella was sure she would be seeing over the next few days, as well as people who had only ever met him once or twice. Here was a number for a woman he had helped some thirty years back, when he was just a rookie, and one for a man with whom he'd once quarrelled… the list was endless. Bella couldn't find the name she was searching for anywhere among the vast list. She shifted to the "S" section, determined to find the familiar last name, but the only Swans in the book were her Nana and Pop, who had been gone almost fifteen years. Bella flipped desperately from side to side, scanning lists, wondering if maybe Charlie had written the name in another section. Maybe under "E", for his first name... Finding nothing, her last hope resided in a small pouch at the back of the book, tied shut with a length of twine. Bella recognized one of Charlie's fishing knots on the thin rope—one she could never master—and smiled to herself as she touched it gently, wishing she wouldn't have to undo his handiwork. Charlie would not like her prying through his private things. Bella took the ends of the string in her hands and gently, almost mechanically, untied the well-placed knot. Some part of her deep inside knew that it was necessary, that it was not a willful destruction of her father's work, but in that moment Bella felt pieces of herself come undone with each piece of twine she freed. The small pouch fell open without any fanfare once the string was untied, and before she reached inside, she placed the string gently in her pocket. Only once it was settled did Bella reach one shaking hand inside the pouch, pulling out a single sheet of folded paper. She did not want to unfold it, fearing what she might find inside, but gently, almost gingerly, she parted the thick paper and glanced down at the page in her hands. There he was, right on top, his name glaring up at her as a single tear splashed on the page. Bella blinked hard and blotted the spot before it could leave a mark, her niggling fear of her father's disappointment clawing its way up her back. She looked down again and took in the information written there, surprised by how sparse it was. Emmett Swan Benson Talent Agency 818-555-7682 No address. No personal phone number. Not even an email address. Bella's eyes swam once again as she snatched up the phone from beside her and began inputting the numbers that would put her through. It rang only once before someone picked up, and Bella scrambled to get her thoughts in order. "Benson Talent Agency, Victoria speaking," came a crisp, cool female voice through the speaker. Bella took a deep breath and felt herself clam up, her throat constricting as tears clouded her vision again. "Hello? Is anyone there?" "Yes," she croaked out, "Yes, I'm here." "How may I direct your call?" "I'm looking for Emmett Swan," said Bella, clearing her throat as she took a deep, steadying breath. She had not spoken her brother's name in nearly three years. "I'm sorry?" asked the woman, Victoria, rather skeptically. "Emmett Swan," said Bella again, repeating the name. "This is the only number I have for him." "This is a talent agency, ma'am, not a personal landline for our clients. If you'd like, I can connect you to his agent, though he's not in right now." "Can you get him a message?" asked Bella, her voice cracking again as she fought to control her voice. "It's an emergency." "Your name?" asked Victoria, and Bella heard the clacking of a keyboard in the background. "Isabella," she said feebly, knowing very well that she was not in any database they had on hand. "Isabella…" said Victoria, sounding more and more skeptical by the second. "No, I don't have anyone by that name on my list. You'll have to contact Mr. Benson directly." "It's important," Bella insisted. "Mhm, I'm sure it is," said Victoria, and Bella could not mistake the note of derision in her voice. "Listen, I can connect you with Mr. Benson. That's the best I can do. If you want to talk to Mr. Swan directly, this office can't help you—" Bella hung up the phone and tossed it aside, feeling another piece of herself break away from the whole. She really was well and truly alone. A/N: Let me know what you think of this one!