one choice, artist wise and that is Michael Jackson. He's a big fan of the little man. He loves everything; the songs, the moves, the outfits. "What he does on stage, he once explained, how he throws himself in it completely, that's what I do with my painting and drawing." So he practised extra to do right by his idol. Yeah, 'Smooth Criminal' was good. From the white clothes and hat to the dance, he nailed it. S eth did 'Hook me up' – Bon Jovi. He locked eyes with several people during the song. Sometimes pointing at them too. He ended with the birthday-girl right in front of him. Zack was last with 'In the shadows' by The Rasmus. It fitted with him. At times he was down, though not as much as in the early days of being a wolf. The support of the pack helped a lot. He even got some for his parents too. They argued less now they had Old Quil and Billy to mediate. – Yeah, I felt lucky for having a steady home life. – There was pause until Alice returned to the stage. "Well, she said, this was quite the evening." We've been really entertained, don't you agree May?" She nodded and added a 'yes'. "Now, for the ones who eat, Alice continued, we have dessert and drinks." All the others can dance, we'll be playing more songs from May's list." S o that's what we did of course, eat. Hours had passed, my stomach needed a refill. At least a dozen different cakes, pies and ice cream were spread out on four tables. I took some chocolate cake, peach pie, strawberry and vanilla ice cream. They certainly had enough, even a milkshake bar. I loved banana. Finishing, I burped as discretely as possible, I was so content. Back home later I'd probably sleep like a log. But when people started to talk to each other there was one last surprise. May stepped on stage and tapped the microphone. "Ladies and gentlemen, she announced, there's a person here who hasn't sung yet, and that is me." We all got back in our seats. "I've chosen a song from an artist nobody here heard about," she continued. "I'll tell you more later." " F irst I want to thank you all for performing tonight." You put a lot of effort into the acts." Also I'm pleased that the vampires in the room didn't just copy the voice of the original." – They can do that? Wow, any voice? I never knew that. – "Do you all agree we had fun?!" she asked. "Yes!" we all screamed. "Good, now back to my choice." "I heard about this song and artist while chatting on line with some Dutch friends I made." His name is Marco Borsato, he's from Italy, but moved to Holland and became famous there when he started to sing in Dutch." I know most of you won't understand the words, but maybe you'll be able to hear him telling a story." She paused for a second. "The video clip will play on the screen to help." I can really feel what he's trying to say and I love it." " T he song is called; 'Afscheid nemen bestaat niet', which means 'Forever goodbye doesn't exist'." The topic is sad, but comforting." May looked a Jake. "After I'm done, she explained, I'm curious to see if anyone guessed what it was about." Her eyes went to Edward. "Except with you, brother, I know you'll understand." The mind-reader gave her a 'what ever'-look. Then the music started and our birthday-girl sang. Her voice was soft and gentle, emotions flowing across her face and I felt chocked up. Strange, because I only understood one or two words. The video was key however. A little girl on a swing in an empty playground. It was windy and it rained a bit sometimes. The artist, Marco, was suddenly there with her, but she didn't see him. Like he was a ghost. And of course he was. It ended with a shot of the girl's mother, cleaning up a house to move. S everal hands went up, including mine. May let Oliver speak first. He got the same idea as me. This was about a little girl losing her father, but he wasn't really gone, he'd always be there to watch over her. May nodded; "Yes, that's right, as long as you remember someone, he or she will always be there to talk to." She gave a signal and the video started again, now with the words in Dutch at the top and English subtitles at the bottom. It was wonderful, Rachel shed a tear while it made her think of her mother. …-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-…-… . Forever goodbye doesn't exist I'm going away, but will never leave you Love, you have to believe me, even if it hurts . I want you to let me go now And go on tomorrow But if you're lonely or afraid I'll be there . Coming like the wind that you feel and the rain Follow your every move like the light of the moon Look for me everywhere and you'll find me Whisper my name,… and I'll come to you . See… what's invisible What you believe is true Just open your eyes And I'll be there with you All you have to do, is trust my word . Forever goodbye doesn't exist . Coming like the wind that you feel and the rain! Follow your every move like the light of the moon! Look for me everywhere and you'll find me! Whisper my name,… and I'll come to you! . Look up in the sky! Look to the sea! Wherever you walk, yes I'll be walking with you! Every step, every moment… Wherever you may be . Whatever you do, wherever you go… Whenever you need me… Just whisper my name… And I'll come to you . Forever goodbye doesn't exist