she started dinner and I shot the breeze with her old man over the news. I told him about my mom's offer to introduce Bella to the family when she came back from the conference. "I already asked Bella," I told him. "Didn't want her to feel forced or anything. " "That's good thinking, son," Charlie grinned at me. I swear I was in deep for this girl. It had to be an obsession, one that got worse the more I got to know her. Monday night I learned what an amazing cook she was. I mean mom was good, Leah was okay, and Emily could make muffins so well they made me hard just thinking about them, but Bella… She'd made a simple meal in presentation. I mean, it was just lasagna. That first taste, Great Spirits, it was orgasmic. Seriously, I almost messed my pants. Then two days later, on Wednesday, Bella came by the house. I lent her an old pair of my sweats and lead her to the garage where I talked her through changing the truck's oil and oil filter. She did really well, though it did take a lot longer than it would have taken – well, anyone else, really. The smile on her face was worth it though. She even hugged me. Sure, it was an oily, dirty hug, but I'd take what I could get. I let her shower in the bath room attached to my room while I used the guest bathroom. (I told her she'd get more privacy there, which was true. Pack brothers didn't exactly knock before barging in anywhere.) Mom called that night to see how I was doing, and Charlie called to tell Bella to stay the night since he'd be home late. Either he was worried about her, or he thought I could use the company. "Thanks for staying," I mumbled shyly as I piled slices of pizza on my plate. I'd ordered three larges, knowing there still wouldn't be any left over. "It gets pretty lonely with Leah at Sam's." "It's no problem," she blushed, browsing the dvd collection before settling on 'Wedding Crashers'. "Don't worry, Sethy," she mocked, ruffling my hair after loading the dvd and coming to get her own plate, "I won't make you watch any icky chick flicks tonight. I'll save that for next time." I grinned to myself as I sat down, happy there'd be a next time. "Watch what you want, Leah makes me watch Lifetime with her sometimes. She hates crying when she's alone." "You're so sweet, Seth," she sighed out, sitting down on the sofa next to me. "I wish Edward was…" Her mouth formed a firm line, and then shook her head. "Never mind." "Edward," I asked, watching her out of the corner of my eye. "That the guy I saw at your house?" "Yeah, Edward Cullen," she bit her bottom lip. "He's sort of my boyfriend, only –" "Only, what? Come on, you can talk to me." It was clear something was bothering her about the leech. If only she'd open up to me, I could show her how much better I'd be for her. 'Come on, baby,' I mentally coaxed her, 'just talk to me.' "I know, Seth," she smiled softly. "I've only known you a few days, but it seems longer." She swallowed thickly. "I'm Edward's first girlfriend, so I'm cutting him some slack, you know? Only he seems to treat me more like a child than a girlfriend. It's always 'Bella don't go there', 'Bella don't talk like that'. It's like he has my whole life mapped out for me already, only I'm not certain it's the life I want. I care for him," she clarified quickly. "But…" "If you ask me," I interrupted, looking straight at the tv, "I'd say you deserve someone that truly appreciates you, Bells, not what he thinks you should be or even what he can turn you into. You deserve to be an equal partner in your relationship, and to be cherished. I mean, if I were seeing a girl, I'd let her know all the time how special she is. How lucky I am to have her. She'd never have to wonder if I loved her…" I frowned for a minute as silence followed my words. "Huh, guess I have been watching too much Lifetime with Leah." "I'd say," she giggled, "but it was sweet anyway, Seth." She ended up falling asleep on me that night. It was a curse and a blessing wrapped in one. I could hear her heart beat, smell her scent, yet I couldn't really touch her the way I wanted to. I growled to myself, knowing if I spent the night with her in my arms I wouldn't be able to resist caressing her. Carrying her upstairs to my room, leaving her on my bed – alone – was the hardest fucking thing I'd ever done. Inhaling her smell one last time, I turned and made my way back downstairs towards the couch. I couldn't sleep, of course. Not with the girl of my dreams so close to me. I cleaned the house after a few hours of trying to sleep had failed me. Mom would be home Friday afternoon and it was already Thursday morning (technically). Besides, I really wanted Bella to see that I was a domesticated male who could take care of her when the need arose. Not like sparkles, who sounded like he wanted to wrap her in bubble wrap. Mmmm, Bella in nothing but bubble wrap. 'Fuck,' I mentally growled at myself, 'I needed to get laid.' Nothing happened later that morning. I had patrol duty from four until six that morning, when I came home to get ready for school, Bella was gone. The week drug on, Mom came home, and two weeks (a full fucking two weeks) later, Bella finally came by the house again. This time it was for a family dinner.