have been feeling some strange things. My cheeks felt as if they have been put on the hot stove. My heart thud so erratically that I feared I was about to have a heart attack at any moment and I am having difficulties to breath properly." As soon as she read this she smiled and coughed slightly to disguise her laughter quietly. She picked up her pen and scribbled on the paper and passed it to me. It says: Remember what I said this morning, Bella? I looked back at her but she just looked ahead and smirked slightly. Suddenly I straightened up in my seat so fast as if I had been electrified by someone. "You are next in this, Bella and you cannot run away from it nor hide from it." I remembered her words from this morning. I shook my head slowly to clear my head but these words were reeling in my mind. Slowly, I turned in my seat and looked at her but her eyes look at me and then at the paper. At what I read made me want to vomit. "LOOK AROUND THE CLASS!" It says. I sit back in my bench to calm myself, took a minute but I didn't look around the class instead I turned and looked at the windows. I carefully looked at the Images that were reflecting from it and then as I land my eyes on the middle of the class. It almost made me petrified in Terror. So, Ladies and Gentlemen, here are we about to Un-deciphered the suspense of the day. Here we go….… There was Edward, stretched out in his seat, his arms folded across his chest and was looking at my profile, No! Staring might be the better word for it while I gazed at him from the reflection of the windows. I squeezed my eyes shut for a moment before I opened them .To see if I am dreaming but no. He was still there, looking ill at ease and still staring at me. Calmly, I turned back and buried my head in the safety zone of my arms and as soon as my head took its refugee between my arms, I started muttering profanities so low that even I cannot hear what had I said. The only word that comes out of my mouth was ' shit' . I heard the bell rang, declaring the end of the hideous hours of the school and reluctantly raised my head up from the safety zone of my arms. "So? Who was he?" She asked me curiously as she begin to pack her bag. "Nobody," I retorted as I stuffed my books roughly in my bag. She tusked and said "Now, Bella. It would be better if you tell me who was he because if you do, it would be better for you for you future because you're going to need me." "Whatever you are thinking is not going to happened." I said brusquely as I Jerked the zipper of my bag in an attempt to close it. "Well, then, I've to find it out then." She said as she chuckled, looking thoroughly amused by my behavior. "What you have to find out, Angelia?" asked Kiara as she picks up her bag and started stuffing her bag with her books. I looked back at Angelia as in the same time she turned to look at me. Both of us wearing the same expression. "Nothing," We told her in Unison while we both get out of our seat. Kiara looked at us in suspicion but didn't voice it out. We bade our Goodbyes to each other at the gate when I once again felt the same thing. I turned and marched out of the gate as quickly as possible but someone caught my wrist and spun me around. "It's Edward Cullen," Angelia murmured as she dropped my wrist and bounced away without looking back. As soon as she disappeared from my sight, I took a deep breath from my nose and turned with my instinct as my heart once again to throb painfully against my rib cage and I found him. Edward was standing with his group of friends, appearing the tallest one in the whole parking lot and looking at me with you could say with the most intense look. His eyes looked so dark against his pale skin, almost black in color. ENOUGH! My heart and my mind screamed as my heart begin to thud so fast that I was certain anyone who passed me by could hear it so easily and my mind was spinning because I wasn't breathing. I hastily turned away and almost run out of the parking lot. Which I actually did and as I run, I thought What the hell is wrong with him? Why is he staring at me like that? What had I done to him? These thought kept reeling in my mind as I neared my house street and I slowed down because, initially, I was out of breath. I unlocked the door with the key, entered in and locked the door behind me. I did my rituals, made dinner, worked on my homework before I went to bed. If I know one thing if I'm sure of anything. I thought as I went inside the undercover of my warm duvet. I'm going to ignore Edward Cullen for the rest of the year if I'm going to study in this school. I'm going to avoid any path that led to his way and I am going to pretend as if he doesn't exist for me. Authors Note: Hello, Readers. I'm just new at this and it is my first story so just please bear with me and tell me if you like it or not. Please review if you like this or love it and let me know if I should continue it or should I stop it. 'Thank you' } – satakshipari – {