go in. I got to the living room and Alice was about to say something again and I just held up my hand stopping her, "I really need my coffee before anyone says anything else" I did my best not to even look her in the eyes. After I got my oversized mug of coffee I went back out there and walked over to Alice, moving around her I opened the window and sat on it lighting a cigarette. Alice got up and moved next to Emmett there was so much tension in the room something was about to give. Emmett gave Alice a reassuring smile, it was then I noticed how his smile has somehow dimmed and Alice's eyes lost some of their sparkle. So I spoke first and my tone was a little harsher then I meant it, "ok…you guys have checked on me I am still alive living out my normal human life" Alice looked down at her feet "that is not why we came Bella, believe it or not we had no idea you would be here…see the thing is I lost sight of you years ago we were just as shocked to see you as you were of us." "What do you mean you lost sight of me" I was getting really irked now and she looked like I had ripped up her entire closet in front of her. Emmett spoke up, "when we left….things, everything changed Bells, Edward said none of us were to ever interfere with your life and that Alice was not to even look after your future," Alice butted in "but he should have known better then anyone that the visions sometime just come and go I can not control them, but a few months after we left you just went black in my visions, I only got a few snips here and there." "The last thing I saw of you," she choked up I could she the tears in her eyes that would never fall "the last thing, you were on some cliffs, I believe at La Push and you were on the edge crying and you screamed out Edwards name as you went down then…nothing." Emmett wrapped an arm around her and I put my cigarette butt in the can and took a long sip of my coffee, "so…you thought I had died, but none of you came to actually check or even have the decency to give your last respects…." I stood up and shook my head I was enraged now. "You know what I can not deal with this right now I have to go to work….I…just…I got to go" I could not even get the words out I went to the kitchen dumped my coffee out, I could get more at work, I just had to get out of there. I grabbed my purse and pack of smokes, shoving them roughly in, after thought .. I hope I didn't break any damn I hate soft packs. I got to the door half opened it and turned back to them "you guys can stay here if you would like, I really don't know what's going on, I just….I need some time to think, I get out of work in nine hours, if you guys are not here I will understand and my life will go on, if you are I would like some answers" with that I left, I got to the sidewalk and realized Emmett had my keys. "damnit" if they do leave I hope they don't lock me out. I wonder sometimes if Murphy's law was wrote for me, because today was that kinda day. First when I get to work my opener called 3 fucking minutes before her shift started, I had to juggle the daily paper work and running the front, then we got the wrong delivery truck getting almost triple of what we already have, so finally when Joey came in I ran back to the office to fix the truck mix up and do my daily paperwork. If any of that was not bad enough I spilled coffee all over the desk, is it three o'clock yet. It was defiantly close to lunch and my body was screaming at me, since I didn't eat dinner or breakfast. I punched out for lunch but decided to stay in the office, I grabbed a deli sandwich from the front and started the next week schedule. I dropped the pen on the desk and just rubbed my face with both palms, there was a soft knock on the door "Bella, its me Nikki can I talk to you for a second" "sure Nikki come on in, have a seat." I turned my chair from the desk to the other chair that was shoved into this already cramped little room. So much for a peaceful lunch, Nikki my best girl just gave her two weeks, she dropping out of school and going back home to Ohio. I just picked apart my ham and cheese on a kosher roll, by this time I honestly had move coffee flowing threw my veins then blood, I smirked to myself and thought that is not a bad idea if I am going home to vampires. Someone up there must have had some pity on me cause the rest of my shift was pretty uneventful. I got out of the building and realized I did not have one smoke break, I still have no idea if I broke any when I did the quick shove and run. I got the pack out and sighed in relief none where harmed. I walked home slower then normal, what was I going to say…how was I going to feel if that left. What if the rest of the family was there, what if he was there. I put my butt in the ashtray right outside the door to my building, I headed up not knowing what was waiting for me in apartment 328.