him. He had a choice, god dammit. Didn't he? He was happy on his own and in control of his own destiny. He didn't need a woman to make him happy. And certainly not a pale face. Intrigued as he now was by her, he pushed it aside and focused on the task at hand - removing her from his life. His wolf bared it's teeth at Jacob for trying to send his imprint away. Jacob - the man - couldn't give a flying fuck what his wolf wanted him to do. The supernatural had already interfered with his free will by forcing him to turn into a furry, four-legged, feral predator...and now this! A mate chosen for him, not by him. It simply didn't appeal to him. "Yeah, I remember the truck swerving and flipping over. But nothing after that." She said, bringing him back to the present. She was completely unaware of what had just happened. Jacob gritted his teeth to keep himself from moving closer to her. His wolf wanted him to comfort her; tell her who she was to him, now. Her sweet, melodic voice was hypnotic and he kicked hard against the pull of the imprint. He knew exactly what to expect. He'd seen it over and over in the pack mind. Everything about her was designed to pull him in; tempt him. From her voice to her body. And he absolutely refused to give in. HE. DID. NOT. WANT. THIS. EVER ! Somehow he found that he hated her beyond a shadow of a doubt for walking into his life and fucking with his mind and his free will. But hatred he could handle. It was a familiar emotion for him and he could easily identify with it. It was much simpler to despise her, than feel what the imprint compelled him to feel. "I tried to find the number for a relative or a boyfriend - give them a call to let them know what happened to you, but your phone was locked." He spoke dispassionately, steering his thoughts in a different direction. Toward his goal of getting her out of here. "There is nobody." She breathed in annoyance, though her eyes flashed with hurt. "My parents died recently and I lived in Seattle. All my friends were there. But I moved back into my parents house last week." "So you know nobody here?" Fucking marvelous. Just what he needed. "Not really. It's been years since I've been here." "Great. So tell me, little girl, what were you doing on your way to the Reservation? You've lost nothing here." "Don't call me that. I'm not a little girl." She warned. She looked like an angry kitten. "How cute", He thought sarcastically and shrugged. "I was just taking a drive. To clear my head. I wanted to go to the beach." She spoke the last part through gritted teeth. "Did I break a law?" "You wanted to go to the beach? " He asked skeptically. "On a rainy day? I'm calling bullshit!" "I don't mind the rain. It's peaceful." She muttered and looked away from him. "You're a very strange person, Bella Swan." Who wanted to go to a beach on a rainy day? "And you're an asshole." She deadpanned without batting an eye. "Glad to see you're awake. You had us very worried. " His mother bustled into the room, effectively putting an end to their bickering. "I'm going to give you some more pain medication, Bella." Bella smiled at his mother. "I'm Sarah, by the way. Jake's mother." She pointed to him as she introduced herself. His mother injected a small syringe full of clear fluid into her IV. "You've broken your leg. But I'm sure you've noticed." Sarah laughed at her own little witty comment. "Thank you for helping me." Bella smiled at his mother. "Don't thank me, sweetheart. Jacob here is the one who found you and pulled you out of the truck. " The girl looked stunned for a moment, mouth agape. Obviously she hadn't expected him to be her knight in shining armor. Her beautiful face was even more bruised now, her one eye almost swollen shut. But still he found that she was pretty. Very pretty. "What the fuck?" Jacob admonished himself mentally. He needed to get a grip on his thoughts and emotions before it derailed him. If he didn't keep his head about him, he would surely lose his will power and seriously fall for this girl. And that was something he refused to let happen. "Thank you." She spoke in earnest. "I appreciate your help." Her sincere gratitude caught him a little off guard, but he recovered quickly, steeling his emotions. His mother sneaked quietly out of the room, like the devious woman he knew her to be. He knew exactly what her plan and he wasn't falling for it. Bella took a sip of the water that his mother had placed on her bedside table, avoiding his eyes. "Are you hungry? " He found himself asking for some unknown reason. But to be honest, the sooner she ate and got her strength up, the sooner she would be out of his hair. "No." She shook her head and rested back against the pillows. "Just tired." "Then go to sleep. We'll sort out where you're going to stay tomorrow. There must be somebody in Forks who'd be willing to let you stay with them." "Gee, thanks. How kind of you." She muttered sarcastically, but closed her eyes. Jacob sighed. He knew he was being a dick, but he couldn't seem to help himself. He needed her as far as possible away from him, before it was too late. A/N: What did you think? Do you like the idea of Jacob pushing Bella away and being so cold? I like me some angry Jacob. He's so often portrayed as an overly happy person. And I find that I quite like him all dark and mean.