lost on me. I'd insisted to him that it was my problem alone, and that he couldn't help me, but the reality was, Edward no more did this to me than I did it to myself. I was 19, pregnant, while the poisonous aftermath of my, now dead, mother still held an overwhelming influence in my life; that was my reality. Even now, after two years of finding acceptance and family on the other side of the world, I couldn't rid myself of her; I couldn't emancipate myself from the life of abuse I suffered from her. Every action in life has a consequence. It was no different for me, but with my mother forever lurking in the shadows of my past, the consequences in my life were always tainted by her. A power over me that I continually allowed her to have—even from the grave. No one but Edward and Alice—and more than likely Jazz, as well—knew of my pregnancy. I couldn't bring myself to tell Uncle Billy, or even Jake. The shame I felt over it was still too prevailing. It's not like they hadn't asked me repeatedly what was happening, but in the end, they just assumed I'd had another fight with Edward; which in turn I knew would only fuel their distrust of him. I hadn't spoken to Edward since the night I left the resort, and he didn't try to contact me. I spoke to Alice a few times; she told me Edward had gone back to Seattle early, and not before promising her with his life that he'd give me a few days to get my head straight. He'd apparently wanted to come after me the moment he found out I'd gone home, and it had taken both Jazz and Alice to almost physically restrain him. I can't tell you how that news affected me. Apart of me wished with every part of who I was that he'd come after me, but the other, too-influenced-by-my-mother's-legacy was glad he didn't. I was reverting back to the old days when Renee dominated me and I was too powerless to stop her. I was in denial, and I was building a wall and shutting everyone out. Shutting Edward out, and refusing to accept that I was having his baby. That night I dreamed about when I was a little girl. It was through an unusual, third person perspective; as if I was watching home movies. I looked to be around five years old, carrying Edward the teddy bear as I ran through long grass in bright sunshine. My hair was long and wild, but unlike my actual childhood, there was no visible bruises over my body, and I was happy and carefree; my soft laughter filling the void. Yet there was something strange about this little girl. Something almost … haunting, and it wasn't until she ran closer to the view point of my dream that I realised she wasn't me at all. Her eyes were green—the exact same colour as Edward's. Edward's eyes that suddenly widened in fear, as her entire expression twisted in sudden anguish. In the next moment there was darkness, as if I was in that place between dreaming and awake, when a child's voice suddenly pierced through the silence of my mind. "Mummy, mummy, help me! I'm dying!" I was instantly awake, my breath drawing in violently, as I clutched at my chest above my pounding heart. I glanced around the darkened room desperately, unsure of what I was searching for, as I quickly became consumed by panic—by the realisation that something was very wrong. "Edward!" I called out through jagged breaths, while tears began to flow down my cheeks. I was barely aware of them as the lost echoes of that terrified, innocent voice slowly faded from my mind. My heart continued to hammer within me, professing a sudden and deep anguish that I scarcely understood; even as it began to rip through to my soul and spread outwards. It was then that I became aware of the pain. At first it was a dull ache, pulsating with the anxious tempo of my heart, before it steadily grew until it became a raw, stabbing pain that caught my breath—until I couldn't breathe, or conceive, or process anything but the pain. It knocked the wind out of, almost paralysing me, as I struggled through strangled, agonising sobs to get out of bed. The moment I was upright, my legs collapsed beneath me, the pain suddenly intensifying, a blinding white light behind my eyes, that I had clamped shut; a pitiful attempt to combat it. "Oh, God—Jake!" I tried to call out, but I could barely breathe past it, and my voice was little more than a gasp. The pain was so completely overwhelming, a piercing but cramping sensation that had me instinctively looking down to my legs. They were covered in blood. No—oh God, no! Gasping sharply, beyond horrified, I immediately burst into grief stricken tears. "Edward!" I cried out into the still night. "Jake!" I looked around deliriously for my phone. I needed Edward, but my movements were sluggish, my mind foggy. The pain was beyond my control, blinding me—completely compromising my senses. Somehow, I managed to crawl to the other side of the room, where the wall connected my room to Jake's. I banged on it, helplessly, weakly—the effort of it exhausting me—as everything around me started to blur. I barely recall what happened next; the events became hazy and shrouded by repeated loss of consciousness. What started out as a dream, had turned to a horrifying nightmare that I couldn't wake from. I vaguely remember Jake carrying me to his car, before being awakened by a blazing white light above me; and then Carlisle's face, peering down at me with a concentrated seriousness echoing from his eyes. "Bella, the embryo has ruptured through your left fallopian tube." A/N: Thanks for reading, and feel free to leave a review :)