here are good-looking enough for him." She sniffed, a clear case of sour grapes. He had obviously turned her down. His frustrated look changed to annoyance and he glared at Bella. She shivered in response and all the hairs on her arms stood up. She rubbed her palms down her forearms. "Someone step on your grave?" asked Eric. "Maybe." She tried not to look at the beautiful family anymore and she thought again about whether they would be friends with her. Or if she could envision being their friend? She had never been the popular girl, and she couldn't imagine wanting to be. She did think about them later, and try to identify what it was about them that weirded her out. Not only did they not speak to each other, but they weren't eating anything either. The full trays in front of them were completely untouched when the tiny girl danced over and poured the contents into the trash. She was sure of it. They had just moved it around or broken things up, but she could not recall seeing any of them actually eating any of the food. How wasteful. And how weird. Even dieting teens had to eat something and teen boys ate a lot. The Cullens looked incredibly out of place in Forks. She'd bet money that the new model shiny Volvo belonged to them, too. She almost groaned when she saw who her Biology lab partner was going to be; Edward Cullen. She glanced around the room while the teacher signed her slip but there were no other empty places. Angela made a sympathetic face at her. At least the teacher didn't force her to do the intro thing. She headed to the only empty seat, but just as she passed Edward, he suddenly went rigid in his seat. He stared at her again, meeting her eyes with the strangest expression on his face — it was hostile, furious. She almost tripped at the malevolence of that gaze. "Sorry, she muttered. "There's nowhere else to sit." He didn't respond; in fact, he didn't seem to be breathing. His eyes were coal black now, darker than they had been half an hour earlier. He sat rigidly on the edge of the stool, as far away from her as he could get. His face turned away from her as well. It was epically weird. She felt as if she had the plague. No wonder Jessica had been miffed. She couldn't imagine what he had done if Jessica had actually tried to flirt with him. There was turning people down politely and there was just plain rudeness. The class seemed to drag on forever. She took occasional peeks at him but he never relaxed; his fist was clenched and rested on his left thigh. His sleeve was pushed up above his elbow and his arms were more muscular than she had first thought but still too pale. They looked like they were carved from translucent marble. When the bell rang, he rose and was out the door of the classroom before anyone else had even moved. "What a dick!" she muttered to herself, unwilling or unable to move to follow him out of the classroom. Edward's lack of manners made her feel like crying. Luckily, before any tears of embarrassment escaped, she was approached by a baby faced blond boy with his hair gelled into orderly spikes. "Aren't you Isabella Swan?" "It's Bella," she corrected. "Mike," he replied. "You met me at lunch but you probably forgot." "I did. Thanks. Too many names on the first day," she apologised. He walked her to the gym; it was the next class for them both and luckily the last of the day. Mike chattered away to her the whole way there. "What did you do to Edward Cullen? Stab him with a pencil?" "I wish I had. What a jerk." "I've never seen him act like that before." "Really? He didn't say a single word to me." "He's a weird guy." Mike smiled at her encouragingly. "If I was seated next to you, I would have talked to you." She chuckled and felt better for Mike's poor attempts at flirting. "Thanks, Mike. It was like I stank or something." "Nah. You smell like strawberries." Gym was her least favorite class and her face must have given that away. The teacher let her watch as all the others played volleyball. Afterwards, she made her way back to the office to return the paperwork. She only got lost once and as she opened the door to the office she saw that distinctive hair. The cold air moved past her with the door open and Edward Cullen's back stiffened, and he turned slowly to glare at her with piercing, hate-filled eyes. For an instant, she felt a thrill of genuine fear, raising the hair on her arms again. The look only lasted a second, but it chilled her more than the freezing wind. He turned back to the receptionist. "Never mind, then," he said hastily in a voice like velvet. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." He sounded witheringly sarcastic. And then he turned on his heel, without another look at her, and disappeared out the door. "What did he want?" she asked the receptionist. "Just an issue with changing classes. Nothing for you to worry about. How was your first day, dear?" "Fine," she lied. By the time she got to her truck, it was the last vehicle left in the parking lot. She drove home fighting back tears the whole way. That night at dinner, Charlie said he had a training course that he had to go to next week. He had put it off before and now he needed to do the hours before a certain final date. "I'll be sending myself a failure notice," he joked. When she didn't respond, he asked, "You okay, Bells?" "Just tired. First day and everything." "Sure."