with a mate. Yes, I was lonely, but he was human. What would I do with him? We couldn't hunt together or anything like that. Humans were so fragile. One wrong move and I would break him. "Where is he?" I asked Esme as kindly as I could, and her smile never faltered. "Office, waiting on you, dear," she answered. Moving at vampire speed, I raced up the stairs and stopped in front of the study door. "Come in, son," Carlisle said, and I went in quickly, making sure to close the door behind me. He was sitting at his desk, looking calm, as he always did, and for some reason, it was annoying. Here I was a jumbled mess and he was cool and relaxed even. I settled for pacing back and forth in front of his desk, too wired to sit. "Tell me what happened, Jasper," Carlisle said with a smile. "Everybody in school had been talking about the new kids all day, but I hadn't seen them," I began. "Honestly, I didn't care about them. At lunch, I saw them but their backs were turned, and I ignored all the bullshit people were saying about them. It was getting old. "But then, in Biology, the new boy walked in, and Mr. Molina assigned him to the seat next to me. He turned around and looked at me, and our eyes met." I couldn't help the small smile that crept onto my face as I remembered my mate's bright green eyes, creamy skin, and scent. Not even mention the need to make him mine. "Then?" Carlisle prompted, and I felt embarrassed. Dammit, I needed to focus. "While we were looking at each other, it felt like time stopped. Then, the fan blew his scent towards me. It was so rich, so pure...fuck, I can't describe it." Nodding in understanding, Carlisle asked, "Did you want to feed from him?" "No!" I snapped, as rage filled me at the thought of anyone feeding from him. Shaking my head to clear it, I said quietly, "No, I didn't. I'm sorry for yelling at you." "It's okay, son. You're conflicted at the moment. Go on." "I didn't want to feed from him. I wanted to take him, claim him, mark him as mine. To make everyone know who he belonged with and he was off limits. The need was so strong, I don't know how I made it through the whole class. As soon as the bell rang, I ran out and tried to find you." Out of steam from my retelling of what had happened, I dropped into one of the chairs in front of his desk and put my head in my hands. "I probably scared the shit out of him, the way I was acting in class, trying not to take him. Now what am I going to do?" "If he were a vampire, it would be easier, Jasper," Carlisle explained. "But, because your mate happens to be a human, you're going to have to control yourself until you get to know him." I looked up at him quickly with wide eyes. "Carlisle, how in the hell am I supposed to get to know him if every time we look at each other, I want to grab him and-" "I know, son," he cut me off. It was probably a good thing he did, because the next words out of my mouth would have been 'fuck him' and I didn't think my 'father', for all intents and purposes, would appreciate me saying that. "Vampires mating with humans is a rarity, but it does happen," Carlisle explained. "You can curb your...need. It won't be easy for you, but you can do it. When you have it under control, you will have to get to know the boy. Then, eventually, when the time is right, you'll have to explain to him about mates and let him know he is yours." "Do you think he felt something when we stared at each other?" I asked meekly. "He probably was wondering why your eyes are black," Carlisle chuckled. "My eyes are...?" I asked, touching my face. "Yes, son, and they will probably remain that way until you have yourself under control." "What should I do? I know I can't go back to school like this. If I do, I won't be able to be responsible." "I know," Carlisle answered. "I think you should go to Alaska and spend some time there. Eleazar knows all too well what it's like to mate with a human, and he should be able to help you." My eyes widened once again. "You mean Carmen was..." "She was," Carlisle smiled, and I mirrored it. Maybe there was hope after all. "Alright, I'll go," I told Carlisle, and we both stood. He walked around his desk and offered his hand to me. I took it and he pulled me into a brief hug. "I know you can do this, Jasper. Everything is going to work out fine between you and your mate. We will all miss you while you're away; please take care of yourself." "I will," I smiled, and left the office to pack a light bag. As I was headed out to the garage to get in my old red truck, Esme stopped me by pulling me into a hug. "I'm so happy you've found your mate, son," she whispered in my ear then let me go, smiling. "Thank you, Esme," I mumbled, a little embarrassed by her motherly affection. The look on her face let me know that if she could cry, she would be right then. "Be safe, and come back to us soon." "I will," I smiled, then got in my truck, throwing my bag onto the seat next to me. Hopefully, maybe, in a few months, my mate, Edward Masen, would be sitting in that space and I wouldn't feel so alone. Well, I hope y'all liked it! Please let me know! Penny