laughed, flashing a brilliant smile. The kids went to pick up a few soccer balls that were lying about and put them in a bag. The gorgeous man turned to walk through the fence that bordered the track and as he did he must have noticed me sitting in the stands probably looking completely witless. "Can I help you?" he asked coming nearer. Oh. Time for me to talk and not sound like an idiot. In my current frame of mind stunned by this dazzling man that may be a hopeless quest. I stood up and walked over to the railing, "Uhm… perhaps? Do you know if the school office will be open tomorrow?" He smiled at me and I had to consciously try not to drool. The electricity in the air was palpable. "There is usually someone there after eight but in the summer they leave around two or so. Whom did you wish to see?" Oh, he used "whom" correctly. My heart rate was slightly elevated before but now it was pounding away like I had run a marathon. I truly panted after good grammarians. This caused the rest of me to feel sort of numb. I hoped my mouth wouldn't betray me for a fool. "The principal or his secretary?" "They both should be there, I think. You could call first to see. Do you have the number for the direct line? They usually don't pick up the main one in the summer." "No, I don't." "I'll give it to you. I have it in my car." He was standing right in front of the stairs and politely waited for me to join him before walking out to the parking lot. Everything had been going well and I had yet to make an idiot of myself but I wasn't finished, yet. Of course you know what was going to happen. As I descended the stairs, I set my foot wrong and tripped down the last two steps. I was going to wipe out right in front of this Adonis and I could feel the embarrassment even before I hit the ground. But I never hit the ground. Suddenly, strong, lean arms were about my waist and I was caught safely against a hard chest - an Adonis-like hot, naked, divinely sexy chest. I looked up to begin to babble my apologies when deep green eyes edged by long dark lashes looked down into mine and the world stopped turning. All there existed for me in that moment was being held in strong arms with my gaze interlocked with his and my breath baited. It seemed like an hour passed in that moment. The sun completely changed its course. All movement froze for that eternity but I knew it was just seconds before I realized where I was; held up like some graceless stumblebum by a perfect man I hadn't even met. I knew I was thinking in hyperboles and mixed metaphors but I was an English major. Sarcasm keeps me centered. Oh, how mortifying. I shivered and stepped out of his embrace. "Excuse me. I'm normally not such a klutz," I lied as I blushed ten shades of red. "It's okay. I was glad I could catch you. That would have been a nasty fall." "I'm so embarrassed." "Don't be. I enjoyed it." He winked at me. I just blushed more. I knew he was being polite. Here I was, sweaty, dirty and silly, tripping down the stairs so very ungracefully and flinging myself at him. I was such a dolt. I followed him out the parking lot and he led me to a late model sporty Volvo. Yeah, I know. Volvos aren't sporty but I think it must have been the proximity to this god-like being that gave it that appearance. He opened his door bent over and leaned inside. I got a heart-stopping look at his perfectly fine ass that was covered only by low slung athletic shorts. I immediately imagined digging my nails into it as he flexed in and… I just barely stopped from moaning. Truly, I had to quit this or he would have me arrested for molestation. If possible I blushed even more. He was soon able to retrieve the number I needed. He tore off a piece of paper from a notebook he had and wrote it down then handed it to me. "Here you go," he said with one of those delicious smiles. At least he was facing me and I no longer had the view of his amazing rear so I could respond semi-coherently, "Thank you and again, I am so sorry for crashing into you." "Like a meteor," he mused, smirking a bit. I know I looked confused but I mumbled my thanks again and quickly turned to go back to my truck which I'd parked across campus. As I turned a corner around a building, I looked back to see him still standing there watching me. He probably couldn't imagine a more cloddish idiot. Sighing, I finally got to my truck and climbed back into the cab. I looked down at the paper he had given me and unfolded it. He had written two things: "PHS Office: 555-2203" and then below it "Edward Cullen – 555-7880." This time my heart pounded its way into my throat. I had never in my life felt like this. There was a curious electricity zinging through the air now. My body still tingled where he held me and I was shocked to discover I was shaking. It felt entrancing, magnetic, and absolutely amazing. Out of nowhere I heard my mother's voice telling me, "… Bella, honey, hold out for amazing." AN * Barometric Pressure is defined as the pressure exerted by a column of mercury of 1 inch in height at 32 °F. It is a method of forecasting storms. The lower the number, the stronger a storm will be. The higher the number, the clearer and fairer the weather.