her out of bed. Rosalie quickly slipped her pink robe over her pink nightgown and followed Lucille down the stairs. When she reached the kitchen, Mirna, their cook, was putting plates of perfectly cooked eggs on the table while her mother sat there, sipping a cup of coffee. "Good morning, Mother," Rosalie said, greeting her mother. "Good morning, dear," Mrs. Hale said, gazing upon her eldest daughter. "Lucy said something came for me?" she asked, looking around the kitchen for the package that had arrived for her. "Oh, yes. I had Gregory bring it into the study. Gregory!" Mrs. Hale shouted, looking around for their butler. A young man with dark curly hair entered the kitchen. He was in filthy overalls and had a streak of dirt across his forehead. "I'm sorry, ma'am. Greg had to step out for a moment. Is there anything I can do?" he asked. He glanced over at Mirna, who was suddenly blushing and fixing her hair. "Oh, Emmett," Mrs. Hale said, greeting the man. "Yes. There was a package that arrived this morning, and Gregory put it in the study. Would you please go and fetch it for me?" she asked. "Certainly, ma'am." Emmett left for a moment, returning with a large vase filled with beautiful roses and a gold bag. He placed them on the table in front of Rosalie, smiling at her. "Well, I should get back outside. Those flowers aren't going to water themselves. Miss," he said, bowing and walking back outside. "Go on, open it!" Lucy whined. "Hold on," Rosalie said, pulling a small card off the flowers. She opened it and read Roses are red, Violets are blue, The grass is green, And no one is as beautiful as you. Rosalie, I had a great time with you last night. I would like to call on you again this Wednesday evening. -Royce King III Rosalie opened the bag and pulled out a gold lighter and a matching gold case, both with the letters "R.L.H." inscribed on them."Oh, wow," she gasped holding them in her hand. It was exactly what she wanted. It was no secret that Rosalie's biggest vice was the fact that she loved to smoke, something Royce had discovered when he took her out last night. And, now he'd given her a matching lighter and cigarette case. Rosalie heard her mother make a disapproving noise. "Did he really have to give you something to encourage that horrible habit of yours?" she asked. Rosalie shot her mother a look, but didn't say anything. "Get Gregory to bring the flowers up to my room," she said. "I'm going out to tan." She grabbed her gift and went upstairs, where she changed into her blue bikini. She threw a long shirt over top of it and slipped on a pair of sandals. She grabbed her cigarettes and a book, put them in her bag, then headed outside to the pool. She pulled off the shirt, exposing the body every boy (and a lot of older men) fantasized about. Of course, none of them would ever get close to touching it. Ever. It had pretty much been decided by her parents that she was to marry Royce King III. His family was the wealthiest family in town, and he liked her. Rosalie sighed and pulled out a cigarette, lighting it. She liked Royce, she really did. But he didn't really know her. Sure, he knew she was pretty and liked taking her out, but he didn't know her. He didn't know her love of books and knowledge, or how she hated their town and wanted to get as far away from there as she could. She inhaled deeply and blew a ring of smoke out, absorbed in her thoughts. "You seem a bit young to be smoking, you know," came an amused voice. Rosalie looked around and rolled her eyes when she saw Emmett McCarty leaning on the gate surrounding the pool. "Some people say that's bad for your health." She purposely blew a cloud of smoke in his direction before leaning back on her chair. "Don't you have flowers to water?" He chuckled, opening the gate and walking inside the pool area, taking a seat next to Rosalie. "I'm on my break," he said, looking her in the eyes. "But sitting here with you seemed more enjoyable than standing against the side of the house by myself." She shook her head at him, pulling out her copy of Pride and Prejudice and opening it. " Pride and Prejudice? " he asked, looking at the book. "What's wrong with that?" she asked, looking at him over the book. "Nothing. You just never struck me as the type of girl who likes reading." "Well, I do," she said, slightly offended. "My mother doesn't approve, but what she doesn't know won't hurt her, right? Just like she doesn't have to know about what's under the floorboard in my room." That's where Rosalie hid her copies of all the textbooks her parents thought would give her ideas of her own. "You know, where I keep the 'forbidden texts' my parents think are only suitable for men to read." He gave her a look. "Oh? Like what?" "Darwin, Freud, Gray, Einstein…" she trailed off. "My parents don't want me to have any knowledge. They want me to marry Royce when I'm older, have babies, and be a good wife." "And is that what you want?" he asked, staring at her. "Me?" she asked. No one had ever really asked what she wanted. They all just did things without asking if she was okay with it or not. "I…I don't know what I want." "Oh, come on. There has to be something you want," he said, rolling his eyes. He was right. There was something she really wanted, something no one would ever approve of. Rosalie wanted him. R-R-R-Review? Also, the clothing pictures, plus pictures of how I imagined everyone to look are in my profile.