way to the passenger side, causing a stirring in my belly I can't explain. It's nerves and excitement and some kind of raw desire I've never felt before. The makeshift driveway is a bumpy ride and I manage to fishtail once or twice, kicking up a little mud just to show him I can. He invites me inside to change out of my wet bathing suit. It's a nice excuse to get me into his trailer and I take the offer, hoping there's more to it than the words on the surface. The first thing I notice is a framed drawing of a house hanging on the wall next to the door. It's more of a cabin, with a wrap-around porch, dormers for the upstairs windows, and a green tin roof. It's Edward's house. I can tell. It feels like him. "Have you ever fallen asleep to the sound of rain on a tin roof?" he asks from behind me. "No." "There's nothin' like it." "That good?" I ask, turning to face him. "Or you can let it keep you up for hours…" My towel falls from my waist onto the floor at our feet when he runs his hands over my hips. I don't shy away when his tongue brushes my bottom lip. He kisses me, untying the strings of my bikini and guiding me down the hall to his room. His bed is neatly made and takes up most of the space, which is fine by me. There are a couple of t-shirts on the floor. He's obviously not a perfectionist but he's not a slob, either. He's just a man, not the perfect, beautiful boy who's crossed my mind on occasional lonely nights back in Oxford. He's a man with calloused, tender hands, a fierce sense of pride, and a dream. My hands tug on his trunks, pushing and untying. He one-ups me by lifting and tossing me onto the bed. I stop breathing for a moment when he peels away his wet shorts. "You have sexy knees," he says, turning his face to kiss the skin of my bent leg. "And freckles." He moves over me, and his lips find the freckles on my chest before nibbling a path to my neck. At the same time, his hand slides from my knee - down, down, down - until he's right there, touching and sliding a finger inside. "Jesus, Bella." He adds another, moving them faster and circling high with his thumb. "I want you." His eyes and his voice convince me he does. "God, yes," I agree. "I have something… in my… bag. Oh! In my bag." Instead of answering, his fingers disappear and he leans away from me, digging through the drawer of his nightstand. He fumbles with an unopened box of condoms, tearing the box. "Let me." I rip one away from the strip and toss the extras on the bed next to us. Just in case. I take my time rolling it on, gripping his cock firmly and reveling in his moans. He kisses me sweetly, lowering his body, and I guide him inside. We move together, slowly at first, learning each other. "You don't know how many times…" he starts but trails off when my hands settle on the small of his back pulling him closer, harder. "I thought about you," I say, panting and meeting every thrust. "I wondered how this would feel." "Soft. You're so soft." His fingers move from my cheek to my nipple. "Perfect," he whispers against my lips. "Like honeysuckle on a vine; ripe and sweet." He teases with his thumb and follows with his mouth, never losing the rhythm between us for a moment. His teeth press into the flesh enough to make me gasp and pull him closer. "There." He moves harder and faster, shifting to kiss my lips. He swallows my mumbles and the small cries that escape when I come. Then he follows, eyes clenched with my name on his lips. When it's over, his forehead rests against mine as we try to catch our breath. "This changes things," he says quietly. "It does," I agree. He moves away to take care of the remnants and such. While he's in the bathroom, I tuck myself beneath his covers, making myself comfortable in his bed. His naked silhouette is the last thing I see before he cuts the light and moves across the room to join me. "I can't stay." "I know," he says. "But you can for a little while." I lie in his arms, naked as a jaybird, until the clock ticks over past midnight. We dress hesitantly, talking even less, and I wonder if we're back to square one until he walks me out to my Jeep. "Can I see you again tomorrow night?" he asks. I nod. "The night after?" Another nod. "Come to Momma's fish fry Wednesday?" "Yes," I tell him. "Yes." "Be my girl." "I–" "Say yes." "Yes." "Here," he says, unscrewing the catch on his necklace. He pulls a key ring from his pocket and threads the leather cord through. There's a lone silver key hanging next to his cross. "What's this?" I ask as he fastens the necklace around my neck. "I wanna be the reason you come home." A/N- The County Line was a real bar in a real double-wide located just past the Clarke/Lauderdale County Line in Mississippi. At least, it was back when I visited in the late 90s. I've been to a lot of bars in my time, but THAT was an experience. I'm a sucker for romance, and I felt like writing a little more for these two. It won't be a long story. And no… it won't be super angsty. I'll be posting a teaser for Chapter 2 over at The Fictionators next Monday if you're interested, and I'll probably do a little pic tease on Facebook and Twitter. So... um, tell me what you think? Thanks for reading! -MSC