you're sneaking out without so much as a goodbye? Poor Jakey." The one said. "Bella! Let's go!" Lauren yelled from the car. "No!" The taller one of the two said. "Surely you're not Bella Swan? The daughter of the Chief of Police?" "That would be me." Bella said, a little unsure of what he meant by the comment. "Well, it was good to meet you." The other guy said. "Same here." Bella said and hurried toward the car, eager to escape the awkwardness. Bella winced as she sat back in the passenger seat. "Really?" Lauren joked. "Was it that good?" "Honest to god, the best ever. I'm so fucking sore. Deliciously sore, though I think I might be broken down there." Bella motioned toward her crotch area. "I'm glad you had fun. See, it's not as bad as you thought it would be." "It was more than fun. He sure knows his way around the bedroom - fucked me six ways to Sunday." Bella lay her head back against the headrest and sighed dramatically. "I wouldn't mind a repeat performance from him." Later that evening Bella parked her car in front of Charlie's house and recognized Billy's truck parked to the side - the same truck he's had since she was a child. Bella was having dinner with her father tonight and it would be nice to catch up with Billy as well. She wondered how he was doing? She had last seen him when she was about four or five, before she had gone to live with her mother. After college, she worked at a publishing company for a couple of years and recently got a good job offer here in Forks. That was how she'd found herself back here again in this rainy little town. Bella didn't bother to knock. She entered to find her father and Billy on the couch, watching sports. Some things never changed. Her heart stopped momentarily as a familiar pair of eyes looked up at her. He smirked. It was him. Her one night stand guy. Suddenly it dawned on Bella that Mr. Hottie, or rather Jake, was Jacob Black. Billy's son. They had spent many afternoons baking mud pies together when they were little. She wondered if that's what his friends had meant by "Bella Swan." The fuckers had probably told him who she was and how they'd caught her sneaking out. "Hi stranger." He greeted her. "What are you doing here?" Bella asked, forgetting her manners for a moment and ignoring her father and Billy. They were watching the exchange between Jake and her with wide, curious eyes. "I came to get my clothes. The ones you snuck out in this morning." "I'm obviously missing something." Her father chipped in, pointing between her and Jacob. They blithely ignored her father. "I wanted to spare you the awkward post-coital good bye. I know how these things work." Billy coughed a laugh and Charlie was staring at them in outrage, mouth hanging open. He recovered quickly. "You two had sex?" He yelled. "Dad, please? Let's not forget that I'm twenty four. It shouldn't come as a surprise." Charlie was about to say something, but decided against it and shut his mouth. "Please don't tell me that you used her as a one night stand?" Billy asked his son with a frown. He didn't seem too pleased with the idea. "Dad, I imprinted on her." Jacob explained. "OH!" Realization dawned on Billy's face. "Wow. This is big!" "Whoa, whoa, whoa. What the hell is going on? What does imprinting mean?" Charlie questioned. "Relax, Charlie. Let them go talk outside, and I'll explain it all to you." Billy placated her father. Bella felt lost, but followed Jake out the front door. "What were you talking about with your father just now?" Bella asked Jake as they came to a standstill in the middle of the yard - far enough away so the two older men couldn't eavesdrop. "I promise you that I'll explain everything to you, soon. But I need you to understand one thing first. I didn't take you home as a one night stand. I'm not that type of guy. This was a first for me as well. I took you home because I wanted you for myself. You're the most beautiful creature that I've ever laid eyes on and I wanted you from the get go. Not as a quick fuck." Bella blushed. She was speechless. Jacob leaned in closer to her and stroked her cheek with his knuckles. "I'm going to kiss you now." He whispered, his lips almost touching hers. Bella simply nodded, totally entranced by this beautiful man who had just told her that he wanted her. Jacob's warm lips brushed softly against hers, before he captured her lips in a passionate kiss. The butterflies in her stomach went wild. She leaned in and ardently kissed him back, their tongues dancing together languidly - the same passion that she'd experienced last night now blooming deep inside of her again. When he finally broke the kiss, Bella looked up as she caught movement in her periphery. Both their dads were spying through the window, but quickly dispersed when Bella openly caught them. Bella laughed. "Seems that your dad calmed Charlie down quite a bit." "It seems so." Jake smiled. "So, what do you say to a date tomorrow? So we can get to know each other on a less physical level?" "Sounds good, but I'd love some of the physical exploration as well." "I'm sure that can be arranged." Jake said and pulled her into his side, heading back toward the house. "Come on. Let's not keep our parents in suspense any longer." A/N: Please let me know what you thought about the story. Much love. Mrs. LMB P.S. For those of you who haven't read any of my stories before now, please go check out Trouble, Doctor, Doctor, Under my skin, Better off, somehow and The Unexpected . xxx