jolted by his unexpected stop. I looked up to question him and he was looking down at me with the most intense gaze. "Charlie's mentioned me before?" He asked in such a small breathy whisper that I almost didn't hear him. "Yes, I've heard of you before. Dad told me you're one of the best cops he's met." I responded, recalling what Charlie mentioned about Jared in passing, before continuing. "he was right, because you because you actually found me, even way out here. That helps me feel safe with you." I told him with a smile. He absolutely beamed at my words, with what appeared to be a mixture of pride and happiness. Nothing else was said from either of us but it wasn't an uncomfortable silence at all, as he continued to walk us to safety. During our quiet time, I was left to think and process yesterday and today's events. It hurt too deeply to remember last night with Ed- him. Then, I didn't want to think of the earlier aspects this afternoon or relive the way he left me this evening. Wanting to block all that out for now, it only left me to think of my rescuer. Naturally, that led to noticing somethings. First, was the huge change in his current demeanor, compared to the angry vibe I had first gotten. He still hadn't put me down, and it didn't really bother me anymore, since we both seemed pretty content at the moment. Jared was so serene, protective and I felt safe and warm in his arms. Warm - That word jumped out at me. I did feel warm now and I was surprised it took me so long to notice the change. How had I not picked up on this sooner? – I wondered. With his arms holding me around my back and under my knees, the previous numbing cold I felt was gone and replaced by… heat. Jared was hot and I wasn't thinking of looks either, although he was a nice looking guy. I mean, he was hot-hot, body temperature wise; almost fever like. Such a difference from 'their' kind - My inner voice noted. Another difference, was that I noticed I could feel his heart beating softly and rhythmically in his chest. This confused me because I recalled his fast running earlier. All that running, and full on laughter earlier, and even all this walking would have certainly accelerated any human's heart rate. I also I imagined his breathing should be labored at least. Jared however, showed no signs of exhaustion or fatigue, what so ever. He just kept right on walking steadily, with me still in his arms, and completely at ease. How is that even possible, and without breaking into a sweat either? - My inner voice asked. As my suspicions began to stir, I began to pick apart the differences about him. Aside from his body temperature, heart and breathing rate, the next thing I took notice of was his clothes. Shockingly, he was only wearing a faded white wife beater and what felt like denim shorts. How is he not freezing in that, let alone feel warm to me at all ? – My mind questioned further. I might have tried to chalk it all up to my distraught state of mind or maybe even claimed to be in shock, but there were too many differences. I've been far too exposed to the mythological world to let some things pass as mere coincidental oddities. Along with all those differences, I'd have to be a special kind of stupid, not to notice he was also extraordinarily strong. I mean, he's been carrying me all this time without showing any visible signs of muscle strain, like even a strong and ordinary human man would. Human. That was another word that jumped out in my mind, or rather, un-human. Even though he visually did appear human, he was different. Aside from some similarities he shared with vampires, Jared was clearly different from them as well. He is too different; he must be something else entirely - I concluded to myself . I felt safe with him, but Ed- he had once told me I didn't have any self-preservation at all, so I decided to just go for it. "So, not to kill your good mood or anything - and please don't take this the wrong way or anything - but I'd really like to know something. And, before you freak out, I promise I can keep a secret … really, really well." I stated calmly. "Alright…" he looked at me curiously but I also detected a bit of hesitance. I noticed how he narrowed his eyes at me at the part about keeping secrets. He also held me a bit more protectively for a moment, I took that as another detail I'd add to my 'JARED' mental file. "Um, I'm not sure how to ask you this but … What exactly are you?" I asked as casually nonchalantly as I could muster it. I was hoping to be right about trusting him to hurt me. I figured, he could have easily killed me when he found me, if that's what he had wanted to do. I must have stunned him or something, because he slowed to a stop. While staring blankly ahead, he lowered his arms slowly, in an almost deflated and unconsciously manner. Luckily and more gracefully than I've ever been, I managed to put my feet on the ground and stand upright, before landing on my behind. I would have gotten mad that he nearly dropped me, but I noticed the haunted and worried look on my young rescuer's face. I worried that I'd somehow managed to scare or upset him. I didn't understand how someone I'd made out to be a super-strong non-human being, could suddenly appear this way. It was almost as if he shut down. A/N: Chapter one, down! I hope you like it (: