she drove off. Entering the house I found Charlie and Carlisle sitting on the couch chatting, my dad had a beer in his hand, Carlisle, a bottled water. "Oh, hey there Bell's" My dad said, taking a swig of his beer, "how was work?" "Exhausting", I said plopping down in the recliner, "thankfully I only have to work three hours tomorrow." "That's good, so" he said turning back to Carlisle, "you wanna tell her the good news." Good news, what good news? Was Edward coming home early? Had he refused to stay with him mom any longer? My eyes widened in anticipation, and I noticed Carlisle's lips pull into sly smirk. "I'm giving you Esme's car." Come again? He was what? Did he just say he was…giving me his ex-wife's car. Holy fuck! "Wh-wh-Why?" I stuttered, obviously out of shock. "Why, well that's simple, because you no longer have one and Esme's BMW is just sitting in the garage. I already talked to her about it, she has recently purchased another vehicle, a convertible I believe, and had no desire to retrieve the one here. Edward agreed to the arrangement as well." Well, of course Edward agreed, he had been trying to get me to agree to a new car since he first saw my Chevy. "I...I don't know what to say." Yes I did, I wanted to say no way in hell, it was too much, way too much. I was having a relationship with the man, and him giving me a car like that, it was like I was using him as some sort of sugar daddy. "I can't possibly accept this, I mean, not that I don't appreciate it but the registration alone- "Is paid in full for the next five years, it is also still under full warranty for the next seven years, so all maintenance and repairs are fully covered." Well, shit. "Now you know I'm not one to encourage accepting charity," my dad spoke up, "but you do need a new car and preferably a safe one." "I…I still don't know what to say, is there a way I could make it up to you?" By the look in his eyes, I was pretty positive he was thinking of some very naughty things I could do to make it up to him, I sure as hell knew I was. "As a matter of fact," he said rising from the couch, "There is." "Oh?" I said with a raised eyebrow. "Since Esme left there have been some things around the house that have needed tending to that I don't really have time for. The garden for example, I know you have a bit of a green thumb, and neither Edward nor Alice had shown any interest, so I was hoping you would help." "Sure, it's the least I can do." So he really did want me to do actual work, I'll admit I was a little disappointed, but it really was the least I could do, after all the man was giving me a forty thousand dollar car for free . "When would you like me to start?" "What time do you get off work tomorrow?" "Two." "Okay, I have the day off, so how about I pick you up from work, take you to my place, show you a bit of what's needed and then you can drive your new car home." "That's sounds great." It was more than great, it was perfect, I just got free reign to spend the entire afternoon with Carlisle, and I seriously doubted gardening would take up the entire visit, at least I sure as hell hoped it didn't. XXX Carlisle pick me up exactly at two, and wasted no time on speeding toward his house, and I mean just that, glancing at the odometer I could see that he was going close to ninety miles an hour. I made a comment about getting a fat speeding ticket; he had simply shrugged and said it would be worth it. As soon as we entered the house our hands and mouths were all over each other. "What about the gardening?" I asked as his hand slipped under my shirt, quickly pulling it over my head. "After." He growled, reaching behind my back, and with a quick snap of his finger my bra was un-hooked and falling from my shoulders. "Wow, Edward never does it that fast." "Bella, I'd rather not picture my son while about to fuck his girlfriend." Did he just say fuck? I don't think I have ever heard him swear before. And I fucking loved it! We began to move towards the stairs as we continued to undress each other. Up until that point we had never seen each other fully nude. I had seen him without his shirt on a couple of times when he had joined Edward, Alice and I in the pool but that was about it. That however was quickly going to change. As we fell onto his bed, our and tongues danced together as we removed the last pieces of clothing from each other's bodies. God his body was perfection, He had a four pack. A four pack! Edward sure as hell didn't have one. "So, hot," I moaned running my nails down his pectorals. An almost feral growl escaped deep within his throat as he flipped me onto my back, straddling me. His beautiful blue eyes rake over my nude form as he licked his lips, "so beautiful," he breathed before leaning over me and taking by breast into his mouth, I moan in pleasure as he took my nipple between his teeth, "Oh God, Carlisle!" "I'm going to worship you body in a way you have never experienced, Isabella and when I'm done you will never look at sex the same way again." And with a final passionate kiss, he entered me. A/N: Review and Carlisle will give you a free check up… wearing nothing but his lab coat.