with human arms and legs and skin. I could feel my body shifting, it didn't hurt like it did before but it was slightly uncomfortable. Where i once laid as a wolf i was now laid as a human. A very naked human. 'Much better' Sue said with a smile. I raised an eyebrow at her. 'Where are my clothes?' i asked confused. 'I'm sure you have a lot of questions but how about i explain everything i can first?' she paused. 'Do you mind if we sit?' she asked motioning to the sofa opposite me. I nodded my head but moved as far away from them as i could. The smell was making me uncomfortable. 'Here bella' my mother said handing me a bath robe. I took it from her and put it on as fast as i could. I stood with my back against the wall. I nodded towards them to start talking. 'What do you know of our legends bella?' Sue started. 'From what i've been told the men of the tribe turn into wolves to protect the tribes people from vampires. And just so there's no confusion, i am not a man' i said with a smirk. Everyone chuckled and seemed more at ease. 'That's exactly right bella, however you are not the first female to phase - Phasing is when you turn into your wolf form. My other daughter leah phased a few months ago, shocked everyone she did. We're not sure why you phased, i mean with you being so far away from the tribe and all we didn't think it a possibility but everything happens for a reason right?' Sue said smiling at me. I shrugged. 'So what now?' i asked. 'Well here's the thing, the tribe only let you live with renee and charles as it was wrote that females where not subject to the wolf gene and those that do have the gene are bound by tribal law to stay on the tribes land to protect the tribes people ..' Sue trailed off. 'Let me get this right, because i somehow managed to turn into a wolf i'm now bound to the tribe?' i asked. I could feel a slight tremble running through my arms. I was getting mad. 'So now i have to give up everything, is that right? I have to leave - live on tribal land and protect people that mean nothing to me? That have done nothing to earn my protection? What about school? I graduate this year and there will be a cold day in hell before i move and give up everything i've been working towards.' i growled. 'You think we don't know how hard it will be for you? You're not the only one that's had to give everything up because of the gene - they all have. I'm sorry isabella, really i am.' Emily said mournfully. I sneered at her 'Your sorry ain't worth shit. I don't fucking believe this!' i was shaking really bad by now. 'Isabella you need to calm down' Emily said looking worried. 'Don't tell me what to fucking do' i glared at her. She looked away. I was so fucking mad right now. It was bad enough finding out that my mother wasn't really my mother and that i had a brother and now i turn into a fucking wolf and they expect me to give up everything at the drop of a hat ! I have to get out of there before i rip them to pieces. I ran out of the back door, not even stopping to phase as i threw myself fowards to run faster. I phased midair. I ran to the forest where i knew i could be alone with my thoughts. I had always loved the forest, even before i had turned into a giant wolf. There was just something about it that made me feel free. I would go wherever i pleased and do whatever i wanted. whether that was clime a tree of swim in the lake. I had always had a deep connection with animals, even as a child. That connection has only intensified since turning wolf. I could feel everything! It was like the trees where talking to me, whispering in the wind as i raced passed them. I got the sense of completeness when i was in the forest. It calmed my senses. I slowed down to a walk until I came to stop in front of a big oak tree. I sat at the base of the trunk, protected from the rays of sunlight by the overgrown branches. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath in through my snout. As i exhaled I could feel the tension leave my body. I was at peace. I don't know how long I stayed under the tree but eventually daylight turned to night. I looked up at the night sky and, not for the first time, marveled at how beautiful it was. I had decided - im not sure when - that being a wolf was easier then being a human and that if this was my destiny so I was going to embrace it. As a wolf I felt more at peace with my self. It was an entirely new experience. I was never going to be able to return to my normal life that was for sure. But that doesn't mean I cant live in this new form. What's the point of looking human when deep inside you know that that's far from the truth?. I am a wolf. And I aim to stay that way. AN: So there is the first chapter, what do you think ? I have no idea where this story is going I just write what ever comes to mind, if you have any ideas I would love to hear them. The only thing I know for certain is that it will be a Bella/Paul pairing. Thanks for reading ! xoxo