to her car. She was about to get when he stopped her. "Wait um... do you maybe want to go get something to eat?" he asked unable to look her in the face. It was the first time he had even thought of asking her to do anything besides going to appointments and classes. He knew the chances of her agreeing were slim but he needs to take the chance. He finally looked up to her. She had her lip between her teeth. She was thinking, and it seemed to Edward that she was just trying to find a way to say no. "You what never mind it's okay. You probably have things to do." he waved and started to walk away. "Edward wait" he turned to look at her. "It's not that I don't want to go..." "It's fine really not a problem. Oh um is there anything you need for the baby that you don't have yet?" "Did Alice invite you to the baby shower?" she asked shaking her head. "Um...what? No..." he stumbled over his words he didn't want to ruin the surprise and wasn't sure if she knew there was a shower or if she was just fishing for information. She smiled and laughed a little. "It's okay, my mom called me last week and asked me the same thing. Alice forgot to tell her that she shouldn't tell me." "Oh well I didn't get an invitation but my mother did. She wanted to know what to get." Bella went from smiling to looking pissed off. "She's a real piece of work," she said through her teeth. Edward was hurt by her reaction not for himself but for his mother. "I'll call her and tell her there was some kind of mix-up it's alright." he said before he turned to walk away. "What no," Bella said as she walked up to him. "What I meant is that she has invited everyone under the sun except for you. If anyone should be there beside me it's you. Will you come with me? She still thinks I don't know and wants me to meet her for lunch tomorrow. Come with me, she won't say anything once your there." "Sure you want me to pick you up or meet there?" "Pick me up at eleven, and dress nice." she smiled and walked back to her car. o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- There's a piece of a puzzle known as life. Wrapped in guilt, sealed up tight -o-0-o-O-o-0-o-O-o-0-o- Edward picked up Bella for the baby shower on time and followed her directions to the location. Once there they walked in together. You could see the look on everyone's face. Some were shocked some had knowing looks. His mother had the biggest smile on her face but it was Alice that stood out. You tell she was angry. She was turning red and he thought that if it was possible then she would have steam coming out of her ears. After saying hello to everyone Bella asked Edward to get her a drink. He happily walked over to the bar and got her a non-alcoholic fruity beverage. He stopped quickly to say hello to his mother father. He walked back to the table that Bella was sitting at only to find she wasn't there. He saw her in the corner talking to Alice. Both girls were so busy talking they didn't notice him approaching. He didn't make it any further than being earshot from them. What he heard made him want to just walk out and leave. "Bella really is this such a good idea. I mean I know you only brought him here to piss me off. Mission accomplished. He shouldn't be here he doesn't deserve it." Alice all but yelled at Bella. "You're right Alice, what was I thinking," Bella replied in a monotone voice. Edward didn't wait to hear what else was said he quickly made his way out of the restaurant. He paced the parking lot thinking of what a fool he had been to even entertain the idea of being Bella's friend, let alone making it more than that. He pulled out his keys to leave when he remembered what had happened the last time he left without fighting for what he thought was his. He had lost everything that meant anything to him. He had almost lost his own life due to his jumping to conclusions. He shook his head placed his keys back in his pocket and walked back into the restaurant. He looked around and saw a sad looking Bella at her table. He walked over to her and sat down. "Hey, are you okay?" He asked. "You left." "I was just outside I'm not going anywhere." "You had your keys in your hands when I saw you." "Yes, I thought about leaving but then I remembered what I could lose if I did. I knew that no matter what, I couldn't risk losing any more than I already have. It too important not to fight for it." she looked into his eyes. He wiped away a tear that had slid down her cheek. "Thank you for coming back." She said as she placed her head on his shoulder. He placed his arms around her. In that moment they both knew that something had changed between them. They still had a long way to go to be what they once were but the fact that he had returned and was ready to fight for her and their baby. It meant everything in the world to her and she knew that in the end they could be the perfect couple everyone once thought they were. THE END AN: Thank you for reading please let me know what you think. I've been working on this for a while so I hope you really like it. There will be no more to this story. If you want to know any more about the characters than ask and I'll tell you.