that she said I was the best daddy in the world and then she was upset that her friends didn't believe her because she hadn't gotten the baby she wanted." "Edward for a smart man you are so stupid. She's five years old and she manipulated you. If I told the people at the office that you were outsmarted by your daughter the might revoke your license to practice law." I was going to open my mouth to talk but she gave the look and put up her finger. "No, I don't want to hear it. You can't just promise to give her everything she asks for. She needs to learn that she can't have everything. I know you want to give her the world but you can't. Especially when it come to things like this. The decision to have another child should be between me and you. Yes, she could be included in the conversation because it would affect her too but it shouldn't be her decision. This is something we, you and me, have to decide on. If you really want to have another baby then we should talk about it. Just because Mary wants a sibling doesn't mean we want to give her one. We were both only children and we turned out fine. "I want you to think about this Edward. Do you really want another child? We could do this and get another girl. Mary is your world do you think she would want to split her time with you with another girl. We could have a boy and then you'd do all these boy things with him and Mary would feel left out. I know that I'm pointing out the bad stuff about having another one and there are as many good reasons and there are bad as for why we should or shouldn't do this. I want you to think really hard about this and after you've done that then we can talk about it, just you and me. Once we have made up our minds then we can talk to Mary about this. Until then you are going to explain to your daughter that we are not having a baby but that we are thinking about it." as soon as she was done she left the room and left me to my thoughts. Fuck I hate it when she's right. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- I did what Bella asked and I had talked to Mary. She wasn't happy but I told her that we were thinking about it so it could still happen but just not right then. After talking to Her I spent the next few days thinking about having another kid. The idea of having another princess runny around the house made me smile. I love my Mary and I wouldn't mind having another one. Yes, I was thinking it would be great to be surrounded my women all the time and not in the way most men dream about. Although I did have those dreams (don't tell Bella). I also thought about having a son. To have someone that I could do things that girls just didn't want to do. And have some male bonding time with a son just like my dad used to do. I really like the idea of it. I thought of what it would mean to my family. How it would affect Mary and Bella and how it would affect us as a whole. Then I decided that I didn't mind having just the family I already had and I also wouldn't mind having my family grow. So with that in mind, I went to talk to Bella. When I had told her what I had been thinking she told me she was feeling the same way. If we had another baby we would be happy but if we didn't we would be just as happy. After Bella and I talked we took Mary out and talked to her about what would happen if we did have another baby. We wanted her to know what would happen and hope it would affect her. We told her what we thought and she seemed happy that we were asking her what she wanted. We told her we would give her time to think about it and if she wanted she cold talk to other kids about what it was like to have siblings. She came back to us and said she still wanted a baby but it was okay if she didn't get one because as she put it they sometimes smell really bad. So with that Bella and I decided that if it happened it happened. We weren't actively trying but we weren't actively stopping it either. We just let nature take its course. Two months after Mary turned six Bella told me she was pregnant. Mary was excited and could wait to see the new sibling. We had all taken bets to see what we would be having. Mary said she would have a brother and Bella thought it was another girl. Me, well I didn't care either way but I was hoping for a boy so we could have one of each, although I would have been fine with a having another little princess to have me wrapped around her finger. After much debate among the three of us, we decided that we would find out the sex of the baby as soon as the doctor said he could tell through the ultrasound. We were all happy that he wasn't shy and should us the junk. I was a proud daddy as I should off the picture they had given me of the ultrasound. I was having a boy and his junk was huge. I was a proud daddy indeed. A/N for those new to this story thank you fo reading. For those that have read it thank you again. I changed it from a small chapter story to a one shot. hope you enjoyed it.