heard it expand against his jeans. Perhaps she did. "What about Alice?" she asked. "I don't cheat." Of course she didn't. The betrayal of Sam and Emily was what ate at her. She would not behave the same way. "Alice and I have an open marriage. She likes some variety in her diet." She raised an eyebrow. "Alice loves shopping with the girls," he explained. "I always wondered about her and Bella." He chuckled. "Neither Bella nor the Cullens are aware of this." "How does she hide that from them?" He shrugged. "We both take time away from the family when we need it." "And you?" she asked. He looked at with all the charm he could muster. "I have been a very good boy for such a long time. I deserve a treat." "I've never been anyone's treat before," she said. She was still holding his arm. She squeezed at his bicep; a press of heated fingers that made him wonder how hot it would feel for her to hold other things. Or to place them in her mouth? The lust spike was intentional, that time. She smiled. "Cheating." He enjoyed that smile. "To answer the venom question, like snake venom to a human, I assume that drinking venom will not affect you… unless it can enter the bloodstream somehow." He reached out and slowly brushed down the back of her other hand with his fingers. "You don't have an ulcer, do you?" "I could have… I worry enough." She shivered at the cold touch of his hard flesh. "So… it's a risk." "Sex and death," he whispered to her. "Hopefully just one," she whispered back. She nodded as if she had made a decision. "Let's find out." She lifted his hand to his mouth, holding it with both of hers. They were very close together now. She was almost leaning against his body. He frowned at her perplexed. "One drop," she instructed, as she folded his other fingers in against his palm and left his index finger alone. He lifted that hand and both of hers, to his mouth, pressed it to his teeth, and captured one drop of his venom on the tip of the finger. He held it out to her. It looked oddly like a child making a gun shape with his hand and the ammunition could be just as deadly to her. Still with both hands, she drew his hand to her face. The silvery venom drop shook with the movement. She was worried and excited. He could feel it. But she swallowed nervously once, and then her eyes lifted to lock her gaze with his. Her dark brown eyes stared at the tawny gold of his. She pulled the hand closer and wrapped her lips around the venom laced fingertip. The heat. He had a visceral reaction. She had to be ten degrees hotter than a normal human. And if she was going to die, she was going to go out having a good time. She didn't just lick the venom off; she sucked at his finger as if it were his cock in her mouth. And his cock knew it. He caressed down her body, from shoulder to hip in one long touch, ending with cupping her ass and pulling her in tight against him. He ground her against him as she sucked at his finger. He moved the cool fingers of his other hand to ascertain she was commando under those shorts. She shivered as he ghosted across the part of her body where the top of her thigh met the base of her buttock. He needed to know what that place was called. He stroked the thumb of his other hand down her cheek before pulling his finger away from her eager lips. She looked up at him with that passion he had felt earlier glowing in her eyes. "Wait a minute or so," he suggested. "For?" "Just to see if you feel anything?" "I feel something," she said, as she pressed her body harder against his groin. "I meant nausea or some kind of venom side effect." "I'm fine." "Yes, you are ." They stared at each other. "I don't feel angry, now," she said. "That wasn't me, I swear." "I believe you." He thought it was more likely that just for a minute someone had been paying her the attention that she so desperately craved. That was, in essence her problem. They all ignored her. Her head turned suddenly and pulled away from him. "I hear a wolf." Her hearing was better than his but he believed her. It wasn't an excuse. She felt disappointed and that was promising for him. "You should go… back over your side of the line. You don't want them to catch you here." "And leave you with this?" She grabbed at the front of his jeans and squeezed. He grunted. "I will have to deal with that myself." "Now… that I would like to see." She oozed honesty. He wanted her to see that, too. "We could meet again?" he suggested carefully. "Leave it overnight?" she tried. "Make sure there are no real side effects." "I might have dreams." "Will you tell me about them?" "You don't sleep; so no dreams. I forgot." She shrugged. "Sorry." He lifted her hand to his mouth again; this time to brush a kiss on the back of it like a good Southern gentleman. "Tomorrow," he promised her. "I promise to be angry," she said. He had almost forgotten that was the point of this exercise. "I'll look forward to it." He nodded his head in a small bow. She turned and dashed off through the forest. She waved at him as she ran backwards. He found her number and sent her a text. It's 3am and I still feel your hot mouth wrapped around my finger. She sent back a shock emoticon. Two eyes and an open mouth. He got hard just looking at it.