around midnight I had wondered away from Alice and everyone else. This was my usual habit when it came to going out. After the sixth shot I was normally ready to find someone to take home. With a pounding headache I decided to grab a ginger ale from the bar. Across the bar I could see everyone just talking, occasionally Rose would point and they'd all look over. I had assumed she filled Alice and Jasper in on my bar routine. Awaiting my drink I heard "Hey, so you look down? Maybe I can feel you up?" Gagging as i took a sip I started to laugh "Excuse me?" He reached out his hand for me to shake, he was handsome. Dark, mysterious and blonde. "I'm James, it's nice to meet you sweetheart." As I extended to shake his hand he pulled me in closer, his breath smelt of alcohol. Mine did too but at least I wasn't hitting on guys with horribly crude pick up lines. "I'm Bella." His face got closer to mine, I could tell he wanted to kiss me. And as handsome as he was I just couldn't find myself too into him. "Well Bella, why don't we head on over to my place?" James grabbed onto my wrist, using his thumb to stroke it. I tried to pull back but he held on tighter, squeezing it. "Well James, why don't you let go of my wrist?" His eyes went from flirtatious to dangerous. Unlike most he seemed to be an angry drunk. I had seen plenty of his kind in college. "You're gonna shut your pretty little mouth and follow me." James stood up forcefully pulling me along. "Let go of me now." I once again attempted to pull myself out of his grasp. "You're going to let the lady go, NOW." From behind me another hand had grabbed my arm, softer this time. James chuckled rolling his eyes "What're you gonna do about it, sir?" "Now." Was all the stranger said, his green eyes staring right at James. He finally let go putting his hands up. "Alright tough guy, the slut is all yours." Before James could walk too far from us the man with the pretty green eyes grabbed him by his shirt, pinning him up against the wall. "Apologize you low life." "I'm really sorry for everything sweetheart. You're not a slut." Waving my hand I nodded "Yeah, yeah. Go home you drunk." After the stranger let him down James ran straight for the door. I had encountered many drunk assholes in my bar days but never had I ever experienced something so scary. Most men were somewhat respectful when I declined their advances. Thankfully the one time I needed assistance the gorgeous stranger came to my rescue. I extended my hand in gratitude. "I cannot thank you enough, I'm Bella." "No need to thank me, I've seen personally how some scumbags can treat a woman. I'm Edward by the way." And that was that. We began to talk, hitting it off instantly. He was a surgeon who had just moved to Forks after living in Boston the past eight years. Everything about him drew me in. Together we drank by the bar, smiling and laughing. The entire time I couldn't help but notice his sex eyes. They were a beautiful green the kind of green you only see on contact commercials. Within thirty minutes of talking he grabbed my hand gently caressing it with his soft thumb. We were both a little drunk and way too into each other. "You wanna get out of here?" Before I knew it we were in a cab, making out. My hand was entangled in his gorgeous bronze hair making it even more messy than it had been before. But he didn't seem to care all he cared about at this point was getting me back to his house. And quite frankly that's all I kept thinking about. We pulled up to an impressive white house, it wasn't huge but it wasn't the size of an apartment either. Once we out of the cab I didn't have much time to notice anymore trivial details about his house. Our hands were intertwined as we entered through the marble front door. Part of me considered the thought that he was married, I mean who alone in Port Angeles could really afford this house? Being a little tipsy I knew it wouldn't seem all that weird to swing his hand up, inspecting it. There was no ring, nor a tan line from it. I let out a sigh of relief as he unlocked the door. I couldn't say I hadn't ever been that girl, only once though. After that I refused to ever go home with a married guy. The house was so open, the colors all various shades of grays and blues, so perfect. Setting his keys on the little table by the door he grabbed my hand once again, turning on the lights allowing me to see it better. Before I could get a better look around he pulled me gently towards the right, his bedroom. Our lips fiercely met once again, now in the privacy of his home without a creepy cab driver staring the entire time I jumped up on him, leaning against the walls with my legs wrapped around him. Thankfully he'd started the process of removing our clothes, slowly but it worked in his favor. Once we were completely undressed he moved me from the wall to his bed, throwing me down fiercely. As he trailed kisses down my body I shivered in response. We hadn't even gotten all the way and this was some of the most amazing I've had. After we were finished I rolled off onto my back, pulling the covers over my sweaty body. I huffed. God, this was the best hook-up ever. Hope you enjoyed, tell me what you like, what you didn't, etc. Love you all.