pleased to be able to share. She giggled and he laughed, too - a genuine, throaty laugh. "Listen", he said, feeling suddenly animated. "Do you have any plans for the evening?" "Well, in an ideal world, I would don a ball gown, a tiara and dancing shoes and go to the Ambassador's Ball but no, nothing planned". It was the last thing he expected her to say. "Ambassador's Ball?" "Yes, I caught a glimpse of it when I got here, it looked amazing." In that moment, her face seemed even lovelier, lit up, as it was, with a childlike enthusiasm. Something about it called to something in him. Excitement sparked in his chest. "Let's gate-crash", he said, holding out his hand. She beamed at him with a mischievous twinkle in her eye and bit her lip. Then, she placed her little hand in his, slipping down from the bar stool as she did so. He stepped down, too, and led her out of the room. The main entrance to the ballroom had a white-gloved official in a dinner jacket checking people's invitations. Edward led Bella beyond the entrance to and through a door marked Staff Only. The genteel atmosphere of a guest area gave way to the clang and hiss of a busy kitchen. She didn't ask how he knew which way to go. Expertly, he manoeuvred her through the bustle before following a waiter through double swing doors. There, they were greeted with a scene of opulent beauty. She had been right about the decor. The enormous ballroom was a giant celebration of cream, white and gold, dotted, here and there, with splashes of reds, purples, blues and blacks. The walls were cream and interspersed with doors and full length windows. To either side of these openings were tall mouldings, like classical Greek columns, in gold leaf and marble. Against this backdrop was an arrangement of circular tables decorated with lace cloths, sparkling crystal, shining candlesticks and large displays of white roses. Stuffy dignitaries were seated at the tables. Some of the men were officials in military regalia, others wore dinner jackets. They were accompanied by their ladies in ornate, jewel-encrusted evening dress. It was the ladies, perched primly on gilded chairs, who provided the colour. In the corner of the room, a string quartet played, and in the centre, was a clearing for dancing where one or two couples waltzed sedately. Above the clearing, within a fluted ceiling dome, hung an enormous chandelier which threw stunning displays of bouncing light over the whole room like an extravagant glitter ball. Hand in hand, Edward and Bella made their way to the open space in the centre; Edward weaving confidently through the tables, and Bella skipping after him. As they approached the dance floor, she flung her jacket away in a gesture of wild abandon. He knew why she did it and felt the same. At that moment, nothing mattered. He swept her into his arms and whirled her round. The guests were unprepared for such a spectacle. They were stunned into silent immobility, unable to signal their outrage with anything more than a disapproving glare. The sheer audacity of the young couple made them invulnerable. Edward held her body close to his, as they danced together, encased in a bubble of pure joy. "You are so beautiful", he told her. For a few seconds, he felt a lightness in his heart that he hadn't felt for years but he knew they couldn't stay, that, at some point, they would be ushered out by someone from hotel security. He didn't want anything to sully the memory of this moment. So, as quickly as he'd brought her there, he led their escape. They zigzagged between the tables and stiffly formal guests, back toward the kitchen and through to the hotel. Slowing their pace the moment they reached the public area, they appeared, to the casual observer, just another couple of faceless guests. They strolled, nonchalantly into the lift, and stood, politely, side by side. The moment the doors had fully closed, they giggled into each other like a couple of naughty children. He reached for the lift buttons. "Where to?" he said. "I told you, I'm not staying here." He waggled his eyebrows playfully, "I know, but I am." For a moment she bit her lip, looking up at him from under long eyelashes, clearly tempted. Then she shook her head in mock admonishment. "It's very tempting", she said. "But no, I ought to get home." He nodded, belying his indignant erection and smiling reassuringly. "OK", he said. She was right, of course. He could wait; she was worth more than a one night stand. Besides, he wanted to get to know her, even though his whole body ached with a need for her. He had never known a feeling like it. Sex, for him, had never been a big deal before. It fulfilled a need, like scratching an itch but meant nothing. But with her, if she would allow him, he felt sure it would be different. He held out his hand and pushed the button to open the lift door, then he led her to the front entrance. At the doorway, he gently faced her to him. He removed his coat and, reaching around her, he draped it over her shoulders. "Take this, it's cold", he instructed. Tenderly, he stroked a stray curl from her forehead and cupped her cheek. She reached up to place her hand over his. "I must see you again", he practically pleaded. He needn't have worried. "Of course", she reassured him. "I'll be back in the morning to return the coat". She reached up and kissed him lightly on the cheek, turned and walked away. He didn't know how, but he was sure she would keep her word. Already, he couldn't wait to see her again. "In the morning", she had said. "The morning", the start of a brand new day. The end 7