said that her daughter is coming in this summer break. This is all he had got to live. Wait for her daughter to come at summer vacations to pay him a visit. Just this two years before he had come to tell Carlisle and Esme that his daughter is coming to live with him permanently. I was always curious at her but I haven't got a chance to meet her. She was always a mystery to me. But until now. My inner voice said as I looked at my side and watched her chat with my brother. I wonder how much pain she had lived through. How much agony she had gone through. Did she still starve for the love while she watched another happy family? For the love she supposed to have both from her parents? Why does it matters to you? My inner voice said. I frowned because it's the truth. Leave her alone. I thought. I turned towards Angelia and started chatting with her until the bell rang for the next period. After a fantastic break which I had spend with Tanya and my group, we all were sitting inside for the last class of the day. Almost half the class was passed out in there seat and the teacher was drooling in her voice. I stretched in my seat, hearing my joints popping in the process and stifled a loud wild yawn. I crossed my arms across my chest and turned to look out of the window. But soon enough, my eyes were already focusing at their fascinating object. Bella had her head propped up with her left hand and lazily doodling on her folder. She sighed heavily as she changed the angle of her pen and scribbled on the paper. She paused as Angelia slipped a note on her desk. She sighed again and scribbled something on that paper and cautiously passed back to her. I watched as her cheeks erupt in that red color and she squeezed her eyes shut, frustrated. Angelia slipped back the note and Bella bit down on her bottom lip as she wrote on it again, her cheeks redding as the seconds passed. What's wrong with her? I thought. Angelia scribbled something on it again and Bella read it again. She turned to look at her, looking highly confused as Angelia smirked and just staring ahead, apparently smug about something. Bella straightened up in her seat as if someone kick her from under her desk and she stare straight ahead in horror. No! Horror might be an understatement. She looked terrified. Her eyes wide, mouth slightly open and face ashen. Yup! Petrified. She swallowed, blinked , took a deep breath and shook her head ever so slowly. She looked back at her cautiously and look down at the paper in front of her, before leaning back in her chair as if she had heard that her puppy had died. She turned and stare out of the window. But after a minute I saw her breath hitched up in her throat and she turned back to bury her head in her arms. She didn't raised her head until the bell rang. I turned around as I heard my name been called from the outside. " Eddie." I heard Tanya voice as I picked up my bag marched out of the class. Tanya glued her mouth to me as soon as I come near to her. I wound my arms around her as I deepen the kiss. " Eww! Guys! Get a room." I heard Emmet yelled as he walked away from us with Alice, who was giving Tanya a death glare and me a disapproving look. I felt something warm and wet trailed down from my jaw down to my throat. I caught her elbow and pushed her away gently. " Let's go, Tanya." I took her hand as she protest. " Oh, Eddie. C'mon. We can do that. It's very common now-a-days. You are the only one who don't do that. I'm always ready." She licked her lips but I just ignore. I know that this type of things is common now-a-days but I want to spare it for my future wife. Yes. I still haven't had .. that . I had my own rules. I want to give my life partner the only thing that these fools have lost. I want to be her one and only and her to be mine one and only. I towed her forward and we come to stand by our parking spot. " See you tomorrow, man." Peter said as he thumped me on my back and I nodded at him. We all were bade our Goodbyes and I turned to look Bella doing the same. She turned to walk away but Angelia stopped her and said something to her and walked away without looking back. Bella turned and her eyes found mine. Among the seas of students, she stand out in the entire parking lot. Beautiful . That's what I could think as I stare at her. Waist long soft curly chocolate brown hair, heart shape face, small policiean doll, soft plump pink lips and doe like eyes. Beautiful, Indeed. But she abruptly turned away and sprint out of the parking lot. I get inside my volvo and drove away from the school, with Bella's image in my mind. Why do I care? So, guys? How'z it? I thought I should do it in his pov. I mean it's only fair, inn'it? Well, you know why does he care, don't you friends? *wink*. Anyways, PLEASE Review … Tell me how's it..?! Have some sympathy for me? * bend down on knees* "Good"…" Bad".. "Awesome"… " I like it"…" It's rubbish, don't wanna read it EVER again"…. or .. ANY TYPE OF WORDS are welcome… ( except abusive…).. Even if you type just.." OK".. in review would made me happy…. So, pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee review… * on the verge of crying* LOVE YA, satakshipari… ^_^