hadn't even fucked her yet. He seemed to sense her apprehension, because he said, "It's a request, not an order." She smiled. He knew her so well already. "I'd rather go back to my dorm, sir," she said, hiding her eyes from him. He lifted her chin until he could look her in the eyes. "It's okay. We'll arrange something during the week," he said. It was a promise. She believed him. He drove her home, holding her hand the entire time. Once they got there, he killed the engine and stared out the window for a few seconds before speaking. They were clouded in the shadow of the trees around Isabella's dorm, but he still spoke in fast, hushed whispers. After all, relationships between professors and students were forbidden by the college. "I'm a complex man, Isabella. And I have way more experience than you in the S&M world. Being with me… it'll be difficult. It'll be controversial." She bit her lip and nodded. He sighed, deep in thought. "I thought I would never feel this way about someone, that maybe it wasn't for me. And yet here we are, Isabella. I want you so much it's driving me crazy." His words sounded like a confession, as if honesty was created for this moment. "You have me," she whispered. He grinned. "No, I don't. But I will." After several meetings that entailed nothing but getting-to-know-each-other conversations and casual teases of what was to come, Isabella was standing in front of Edward again. And she was naked. Again. This time she wasn't tied to the bed. She was on her knees, spine straight, arms behind her back, and looking down at Edward's expensive shoes while he paced around her. There was a brand-new collar around her neck. The conversation had been simple. She would be his to do as he pleased. And he would be everything she needed him to be. Neither of them had dared to talk about how quickly they were ready to belong to one another, how their chemistry and sexual attraction seemed to overrule everything else. It wasn't to be questioned. Not when her heart felt like it had doubled its size to want him. Not when his flesh seemed to burn in need for her. They were long gone from the moment she'd approached him at that bar. "Is this what you want?" he asked, lifting her head. She bit her lip before nodding. In a second, his delicate touch around her chin became a painful tug of her hair. She gasped. "Answer me," he said. "Yes. Yes." He smiled. Isabella's heart soared. Before she realized what was happening, she was on her stomach, and his hands were on her ass, landing deliciously painful slaps. Once the spanking was over, he searched for an eight-tailed whip. Her heart went crazy at the sight of him, holding the instrument that would mark her body. He tied her to the bed, much to her dismay, before standing to admire her helpless body. As she took in his commanding presence, she couldn't help the sigh that escaped her. He grinned. "Is this what you dreamed about, little girl?" Before she answered, he landed the first strike. The sound of leather hitting flesh was deafening, and it only added to Isabella's pleasure. She whimpered and arched her back, fighting against her restraints and accepting the pain. All the while, her mind was blank. There were no memories, no thoughts, nothing. Her mind was an empty canvas, just as her body, and Edward was the painter, making art out of her need—out of her lust. Each land of the whip on her body was releasing something that had been carved inside her for a long time. She had no name for it, but it was erased from her body that night. A year of following Edward Cullen's life had led to this moment, to the moment when he dropped the whip and crawled on top of her. To the moment when he released her from her handcuffs, kissed her collarbones, and bit her nipple. To the moment when he pushed inside her for the very first time. "Oh my God," she whispered. It was all she could do as she held on tight to his shoulders. "Fuck," he said. The curse—so raw and honest, whispered in her ear—drove Isabella wild. She could almost hear her heartbeat accelerating. Edward moved inside her with ruthless force and unleashed need. Everything she thought would happen was thrown out the window. He didn't fuck her slowly, or toy with her like he had been before. He went all out, naked passion driving his movements as he desperately tried to get deeper inside her. He kissed her until her lips seemed to hurt, and when she bit her neck, she lost it. She whimpered and clawed at his back, thrashing underneath him. "Please," she begged, but her orgasm was already stronger than her will to submit. It was too much. She wasn't ready to hold back. She came, biting back her scream, soaring in bliss. When she landed back on earth, Edward's movements were slower. With caution, she opened her eyes and found him grinning at her. "You'll be punished for that," he said, thrusting harder into her. As he continued to move above her, Isabella said the only thing she could say. "I'll take anything you give me, sir." "Master," he corrected. "Master," she said, with a smile. As they moved in tandem, it seemed like the world had stopped and they were the only people left. Edward picked up the pace again and whispered how much of a good girl she was, how proud he was to have her, how excited he was to show her off. Because that was exactly what she was. After searching, hoping, and waiting, she was his. And the best part was—the part of the fantasy she hadn´t even allowed herself to think—he was hers. Thanks for reading.