voice registered in my ears. I bounded down the rest of the stairs, narrowly missing a couple of my younger cousins charging passed. There were more people here than I thought and I blushed, smiling shyly as my uncles turned and greeted me. "Ah, that blush, it never disappoints." Uncle Jared laughed. He looked in his early thirties now and let me tell you, age has treated him with grace. Even Auntie Kim looked maybe in her late twenties instead of the thirty five she actually was. In fact, all the wolves that had long since stopped phasing had aged thirteen years but still looked reasonably young. Uncle Sam, who was forty in about two years, looked his early thirties. "Hey Uncle Jared, guys." I greeted, taking a seat on one of the stools at the kitchen counter. "I'm sure the others have told you about the new kids arriving tomorrow." Uncle Jake said, smirking. I bit my lip and nodded. It was the other two who eavesdropped and I was the one being called out on it. Nice. "Don't worry, they aren't in trouble. I was going to tell you about them anyway." I raised my eyebrows. "Oh yeah?" I asked, curiously. He nodded and made a humming sound. "How come?" "We'll one of the kids, I believe his name is also Jacob, is in your year and I thought maybe you could show him the ropes tomorrow." he suggested. I frowned. "Now, I know what you're thinking - why not ask one of the others since they have better people skills? - well, I honestly think that you two would get on great." I frowned deeper and looked at my hands. "I dunno, Uncle Jake. I'm not the best at making friends at the best of times." I pointed out, nervously. Dad patted and rubbed my back. "Well from what Uncle Jake has been saying, he seems like a smart, kind kid so I think you should go for it." Dad advised. I shrugged. "What about the older ones?" I asked, curiously. "Ephraim and Sammy Jr is taking care of those guys. Along with Alex." I couldn't help the smirk that spread across my face. "And how is Eph?" I asked, aloofly. Some chuckled, Uncle Jacob included. "Banana has quite the kick on her." he laughed. It brought forth my own. "Apparently she didn't mean to but who knows? Those two have injured each other so much over the years that we can't tell anymore." Uncle Paul laughed. "Nah, my Banana wouldn't do that on purpose. If she said she didn't do it on purpose, then she didn't." I replied with a shrug. Everyone smirked. I blushed. "What?" "'Your Banana'. Makes me chuckle the way you two are so possessive of each other." Uncle Sam laughed. I blushed harder and dipped my head, not responding. "Right, that's enough embarrassment for one night. Sleep on Uncle Jake's request and tell us in the morning alright but for now, are your brothers washed up for dinner, do you know?" Dad asked, mashing up some potatoes whilst battling with stray hands that tried to attack the food we were about to eat. "Damn it, Paul, go home and eat, you pig." Everyone, including Uncle Paul, just chuckled as he munched on a drumstick, trying to look innocent as my Dad gave him dirty looks. Then I remembered that my Dad had asked a question. "Oh, um, I don't know. They were wrestling in my room when I came down." I informed him and he sighed, rolling his eyes before leaving the mashing to head towards the stairs, grumbling under his breath about the constant wrestling. "If your butts aren't down here in five seconds, no garlic mashed potatoes for either of you." he shouted up the stairs and the scuffling that could be heard from above (since my bedroom was directly above the kitchen) ceased for a second before we could hear them scrambling over each other to get down here. They were panting and out of breath as they skidded to a halt next to their usual chairs at the dinner table. I was already sat down at this point. "That's more like it." "Alright, we'll leave you all to eat. Em's expecting me back anyway. Boys, try not to give your Dad and Papa too much of a headache, will you?" Uncle Sam laughed as he passed us towards the front door. I held my hands up in surrender. He knew I wouldn't. The other two just smiled innocently and nodded. Papa scoffed. "Thanks for trying, Sam." he chuckled, shaking his head. Uncle Sam joined in. "Yep. See ya." he called, leaving via the front door. Everyone else trickled out as well, leaving us to eat in peace. After we finished, I washed the dishes, as it was my designated night and then went back up stairs to finish the other half of my homework. By this point, MJ and PT had been forced to do their own so I knew I wouldn't be able to finish without any interruptions. I did so before the other two and decided to head downstairs to watch TV with my fathers. They were cuddled up together on the couch but separated to let me sit between them when they saw me come down the stairs and enter the living room. I grinned and took their invitation, sighing in contentment as I felt the warmth of my Dad and Papa surrounding me. I'm pretty sure Papa carried me to bed after I fell asleep between them as well... Okay, there you have it guys! I hope you enjoyed it enough to leave me a review, big or small :3 There are new pictures on my photobucket for you guys to see, including all the new characters like Hector, Alex and such and of course, the triplets now that they are older :3 Please review, they make me so happy! :D Love MrsWolfPack xxx