nothing. The driver of the carriage stepped down from his seat on the carriage and walked around holding his hand to help me down. I placed my hand gently in his and stepped down, stumbling slightly as my feet touched the ground. The driver looked at me tentatively and pulled out a blind fold. I shook my head. "Uh, I've been told that I'm meant to blind fold you miss," he murmured. I glared at him. "No…no way," I said shaking my head. "I'll fall flat on my face." All the frustration and irritation seemed to come out in that moment. I hated surprises. The driver smiled nervously. "Uh, that woman, the pixie-like one, said that if you said that I should call her." He handed me a phone. I took it from him and placed it to my ear. "Alice, what the hell is going on?" I asked, annoyed. "Bella stop being difficult, please. You'll find out everything soon. Please," she pleaded. I considered it for a moment and eventually gave in, I couldn't argue with Alice. "Fine," I sighed. "But if I fall I'm holding you personally responsible." Alice let out a tinkling laugh and then hung up the phone. I handed the phone back to the driver. "Ok do it," I murmured, suddenly nervous. He did as I asked and tied the blindfold around my eyes. I took in a deep breath and waited to be led down the pathway. I expected the driver to be the one who would be helping me but when someone else arrived it was apparent he wouldn't. "Have a nice night ma'am," the driver said to me, laughter in his voice. I waved in his general direction and then heard the sound of the horses walking slowly down the road. I gulped suddenly nervous that I was with an unknown person. I waited for the person with me to say something but they never did. Instead they placed a hand on my back leading me down the path. I walked tentatively, concentrating on every step. I stumbled a few times but every time the person steadied me. Even though the person was unknown I felt comfortable with them… there was something strangely familiar about them. When we finally slowed I let out a sigh of relief. I had managed to walk the whole way without falling. Somebody placed two hands on my shoulders and I smiled knowing who it was immediately. They placed their lips to my ears and I shuddered slightly. "Close your eyes Bella," he murmured. I nodded my head and he slowly untied the blindfold. His hands left my shoulders and I frowned at the loss of his touch. He grabbed hold of my hand instead. "You can open you eyes now," he said lovingly. I did as he asked and gasped bringing my free hand to my mouth. The sight before me was just as I dreamed. Mike was down on one knee a ring box in his hand. The setting sun bounced off his body causing him to glow. "Isabella Marie Swan, when I first saw you I knew that I would spend the rest of my life with you. You are my life, I love you," he gulped before continuing. "Will you marry me?" He smiled up at me. I nodded. "Yes," I whispered. He stood up. "Yes?" he asked, nervously "Yes," I smiled. He smiled back at me and placed the ring on my hand before sweeping me into his arms lifting my feet off the ground. We both laughed as he spun me around. When he placed me on the ground he crushed his lips to mine. I smiled against his lips unable to contain my joy. He pulled away but held me close, my cheek resting on his chest. "I love you Bella," he whispered, kissing my forehead. "I love you too," I replied, looking at the ring that now occupied my left finger. It was simple yet elegant with a small diamond. It suited me perfectly. Silently I wondered if Alice helped him pick it out. I came to the conclusion that she must have. We remained like that for several moments just enjoying the feelings of happiness that coursed through us. Eventually I lifted my head to look at Mike who was staring down at me. "Let's go, I want to show off my amazing fiancée," he whispered. My heart pounded at being called his fiancée and I couldn't keep the smile off my face. I nodded at him and he removed his arms from around me, taking my hand. We walked hand in hand down the pathway. When we got to the end of the path I noticed the same carriage waiting for us again. I looked at the driver and smiled at him. He nodded politely as he held the door open for me. Mike helped me into the carriage before entering himself. When we were both seated he placed his arm over my shoulder holding me close. I rested my head on his chest, feeling completely content. When the carriage started moving slowly, I remembered something that I'd forgotten earlier. "Hey," I said realisation suddenly dawning on me, "I thought you had to work away this weekend," I asked curiously. He smiled cheekily down at me. "Well I did… I had to go ask your dad for permission," he replied. "Trust me it was hard work. I was terrified that he was going to shoot me," he admitted, swallowing hard. I laughed and strained my neck to place a soft kiss on his cheek. "Thank you for all this it has been perfect," I whispered. "You're perfect," he replied, placing his lips to mine. *~*~* So I hope you liked the chapter. Haha so I guess people weren't really expecting Mike to be Bella's fiancé. Please review. They are greatly appreciated and encourage me to write faster. I hope you like the story and you continue reading.