too long. He complies and lets her roll to her back. Once he's inside her again, he moves faster, watching himself go in and out of her. Bella watches too and delights in the way his body moves with precise determination. His muscles flex with the movement; his skin is covered with sweat, and his ink glows in the moonlit room. He smiles when his eyes meet hers again. The way she looks at him, with awe and admiration, disarms him. Then she smirks, tightening her legs around his waist. His eyes roll back and his pace accelerates. "Is this what you wanted?" he asks, thrusting harder. Her silent cry is his reward. "I can't," she says, thinking there's a limit to her pleasure. She loses her voice mid-sentence, breathless and desperate, ruled by the fire of their passion. She arches her back and presses closer to him, wishing his tattoos would brand her. "I can't," she repeats, when her pleasure borders on pain. "I've got you," he whispers, before she comes for the third time tonight. Bella trembles underneath him, spent and vulnerable. Her brown eyes are glazed and unfocused. He kisses her face and slows his movements down to prolong the night. Bella finds his mouth, nipping him lazily, coaxing a smile out of him. With a smile of her own, she tugs on his lip ring until it hurts. It's the last thing he needs, and with a pained sound and a last hard thrust, he comes. Edward shudders in her arms, resting his head on her chest as he rides his orgasm. Even with the rippling tremors of pleasure running through his body, his mind is shattering. They lie there, content for only a few minutes. Bella's guilt makes its way from her toes until it takes hold of her throat, cutting off her air. She's found herself here again. It seems the two of them really are inevitable. "Please don't leave. Please, Bella. God, please," Edward says, holding her tight to him. He begs and pleads and kisses every inch of her skin, frantic and hopeless. She feels his pain as raw and honest as everything he is, everything she loves. It hurts in the point of every little star he kissed. "Bella, please," he says in a broken voice. The tension in her body feeds his desperation to make her see. But she won't. Not yet, at least. Not today. Neither of them will ask the other to change, even though change is exactly what they want. "Please," he says again. She smiles and kisses him, and he knows he's lost her. Love isn't fair, and here they are. After all the time that's passed, they're still each other's pick of poison. And they'll drink until there's nothing left. Edward responds to Bella's forceful kiss, matching her passion, trying to strip her to the core again, but her armor is back in place. He feels it in the way she kisses, dirty and misleading, all lust and no love. She bites his lip ring, tugs his hair, pushing his vulnerability back and away. Until at last he does, smirking at her the way she hates. She breathes a relieved sigh. On Sunday morning, he wakes up alone with the taste of his pain on his tongue. The ache inside his heart draws unpleasant needles through his chest. He's tempted to get another tattoo just to quiet his body's protests. Bella walks out of Edward's apartment, away from the magnet that's calling her back with every inch she puts in between. Her heart is racing. Her skin is tingling. She's high on his touch, lost in the sound of his breath on her ear, drowning in the movement of his body. It hurts to walk away. Her name on his lips, falling like a prayer, tugs at her heart. He sounded broken. She broke him. It doesn't feel good. She doesn't feel like a winner. When Bella gets to her place, she smiles, knowing that by this time he's probably standing by his door. Edward walks the final steps out of his living room, last night's memories firing up his skin. His ink burns with the heat of her touch. There's no sign of her in his apartment, except that everywhere he looks, he can see her. Hell, he can still feel her. He picks up her underwear from the floor with a smile forming through his despair. He can't help it, knowing she walked past them, knowing she saw them, knowing she left them. Walking to the kitchen with a lighter heart, he makes some coffee and finds his glasses. Back in the living room, he turns his dinner table into his desk again and sits down with his notebook and pen. He writes until his wrists hurt. Allowing his emotions to rule him, he writes about love, pain, guilt and loss. His words rush out of him faster than his fingers can catch up. With Bella's touch still fresh on his skin, he pours everything he's ever felt into the pages of his notebook until he's sure there's nothing left to say. It doesn't make sense, but it doesn't have to. He rereads the last sentences before closing the notebook, realizing he's used the final page. Taking a break and a deep breath, he searches for his cell phone. Standing on the creaking board, he dials her number, leaving ink stains on the screen. It rings once before she answers. "I still want that apadravya, Bella," he says, gripping the delicate lingerie in his right hand. A few streets away, Bella cleans her old analog camera. Her fingers are dirty. At the sound of his voice, she smiles, eyeing his black jacket on her couch. "I still want to give it to you, Edward." A/N: Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed. For the people who read Friendzoned, I haven't forgotten about the epilogue. I'm working on it. Thank you for your patience.