in this position. Almost as if she could read my mind, Leah slightly pushed me away. I was about to protest that she'd broken our steady rhythm, until she flipped herself over and got on to her hands and knees. She rubbed her perfectly shaped ass and her drenched center against my hardness. Wordlessly, I pushed back inside her tight, warm, wet hole from behind, making us growl loudly together. I was going deeper with each thrust, just as i wanted, and began thrusting at a much faster pace. Needing a bot more connection, I bent my head and kissed and nipped between her shoulder blades. She held us both up using her arms, so I let both hands wrap around her abdomen. Her full, heavy breasts were like a beacon for one of my hands. The other hand slid between her legs, making her curse wantonly as my finger circled her clit forcefully. She almost let her arms drop us, so but quickly released her tits. I used that arm to brace our weight, while I pinned her body tightly against mine, with the arm of the hand that was working her clit. I could tell she was close and I knew I was too. "Embry!" She whined my name, almost pleading for something, then she twisted her head to the side, exposing her neck to me. I still felt like I wanted to bite her, but chose to focus on driving into her, quicker and slightly more forcefully instead. "Do it!" She practically begged, leading me to think she wanted me to bite her, but she couldn't know that's what i wanted to do... so, I continued trying to fight it. She let out an almost frustrated growl and pushed us up, so we were both kneeling upright, without breaking our connection. I still held her tightly against me and I didn't stop thrusting into her because I was so close. Leah pulled her hair away from her neck with one hand and used her other arm on my head to bring my mouth to her neck. "Do it!" She repeated with a growl, and that's when I lost the small, pitiful control I had left. I let out a roar and bit into her neck, making her howl - her human voice sounding almost like her wolf! as soon as the taste of her blood hit my tongue, I was cumming inside her. It was primal and animalistic. It was pure ecstasy and it made me feel powerful. I felt her body seize and quake as her orgasm tightened and pulsed around dick... I somehow knew no other feeling in the world would ever compare to this moment. My ears were pounding so loudly that I couldn't hear anything, just as everything went white and I could see anything. All I felt was her body, all Ii smelled was her, and all I could taste was her. After the blindness wore off and my hearing seemed to return, I heard Leah sigh contently as she loosened her arm from around my neck, and caressed my arm that was still around her torso. I slipped out from inside her and I realized my body felt a little like jelly. I was euphoric, sated and completely blissed out. I moved us so we were lying on our backs, beside each other. As we tried to catch our breaths, I tried to make sense of all this. I hadn't even looked her way yet, afraid of what look I'd see on her face. Leah and I weren't dating, this was no where near premeditated. Then it hit me... I'd been so crazed that I finished inside her, with no warning or agreement from her, and she'd probably get pissed about all of it when the bliss wore off. Yet, as different thoughts ran through my mind, I just couldn't find any part of me that regretted what we'd just done. It felt important and significant, in a way. So, I was sure it would sting if she regretted it, and there was only one way to know. "Leah?" I asked timidly, turning my face to her. "Yeah?" She asked while still looking up at the tress above us, and I worried she was already regretting our actions. I let my eyes roam over her profile and my eyes landed on the teeth marks from the bite at her neck. "Shit, Leah … why'd you let me bite you?" I asked worriedly and I reached my fingers towards the bite. "I just … I needed you to." She responded, and just before my fingers could touch her, then she turned to face me. Suddenly … nothing and everything mattered at the same time. I felt heavy and I felt lighter than ever. My surroundings darkened, just as everything seemed to shine. I heard nothing, but every sound was clearer. She gasped and I wanted to ask why, but I couldn't speak. Her face looked almost like she might understand what was happening to me. Actually, no … she did know exactly what was happening. I felt it when she knew, just as I felt it was also happening to her at the same time. She smiled at me, and I smiled back like a fool as well. What a strange and wacky road, from when either of us phased for the first time, until now. I didn't know why it happened today, at that moment, and not before. But, I'd wager almost anything that my bite had something to do with it. I just didn't care - All worries melted away. She reached for my hand, as I reached the fingers of my other hand to caress her cheek. "Finally." She said, happily. "Finally." I echoed and I kissed her eagerly, knowing neither of us would ever be alone again. A/N: Fan-girling over this unexpected sexy couple... and I hope you liked it. RVDLegsTrish - I'm super grateful for the inspiration!