can bite me immediately, but I would prefer for you two to bite me while I'm… umm." "Say it." Jasper goaded sending lust throughout the room. I swallowed thickly, nearly panting. "I want you to bite me during my first orgasm." "You've never?" Peter asked, flabbergasted. "Raised by vampires, remember?" I muttered as I fanned myself. Warmth had spread throughout my body and was quickly taking me over. Soon, I was laying on the small, feather bed with two sets of hands roaming my body. Coos of "beautiful" and "perfect" floated in the air as my clothes were slowly removed, and I was lain bare before them. Not once did I feel nervous or afraid of anything they were doing despite my inexperience. A pair of lips met mine while a tongue went to work below. I blinked my eyes briefly to find that it was Peter's tongue in my mouth, which meat that, that must be Jasper's tongue in my… I was drawn out of that train of thought as I felt a finger (possibly a thumb?) rub on a spot just above that miraculous tongue, and my body instantly released a coil that had been tightening for far too long. It could have been the actual act, or it could have been the emotional haze surrounding me. Either way, I saw stars or a moment before I felt a brief moment of pain as someone entered me for the first time. The sensation wasn't as bad as some of my friends had described, but I did feel very… full. I peeled my eyes open for a moment in order to see that it was Jasper within me and Peter's tongue still exploring my mouth and breasts. I met Jasper's eyes for an intimate moment while my body adjusted to his size. He must have sensed something within me because, finally, he began to move, and something began to build within me once again. Just as I felt that I was about to get my release once again, Jasper stopped and pulled me into a standing position. He lay down on the bed and adjusted himself at my other entrance. This was far more painful than the first act, and tears welled in my eyes. "I can stop if it hurts that badly, hun. You just say the word." I shook my head and adjusted my hips slightly. "No, please don't. It just takes a minute to adjust, I guess." When the pain lessened, I gave Jasper the go ahead to move, but he didn't. Instead, Peter had me straddle Jasper and lean back as he slid himself within me for the first time. Soon, both men found a rhythm that brought us all pleasure, and feelings of lust and love radiated throughout the room. It wasn't long before a bolt of ecstasy ran through me, and both men bit down on either side of my neck, poisoning my system with their venom. The pleasure ended then as the burn began to well through me, but, I knew, through my change, my boys would comfort me however they could. I knew that I was safe and loved. Exactly ten years after my change, we decided that it was time to join the Cullen coven in Chicago. Carlisle was incredibly surprised to meet three vampires who followed the vegetarian diet like he did. When I told him my story of growing up with him in the future as a father figure, I was surprised that he believed me. "Stranger things have happened." He told me as he had pulled me into a fatherly embrace. I told him that, soon, a mother would beg that Carlisle save her son, Edward, and Carlisle needed turn the dying boy. He asked not to be told anything further, and we travelled on our merry way with the promise of returning once my human counterpart had departed for 1896. Jasper, Peter and I visited Volterra where I refined my gift. As a human, I was able to secure an area (a room, or, accidentally, the whole school), and, if a person entered without my permission, they would get a terrible headache. Once I had learned how to use my gift, a vampire who entered without my permission would brought to their knees in pain, much like Jane's gift. Now, I could control more precisely who would feel severe pain, minor pain, no pain, and, as a new revelation, who would lose consciousness entirely. In 1921, we received a message from Carlisle announcing his mating to a woman named Esme. He begged us to come meet his growing family, and, given that my human counterpart wasn't born yet, we happily obliged. When we joined the other Cullens, we discovered an amazing change to the timeline. Esme had a gift. She's kind of like a human lie detector. It was a bit refreshing, but, also, very annoying. Jasper, Peter, and I discussed the change in the timeline at length and decided that, since Jasper and Peter were 'as good as dead' in my timeline, this must be an entirely different timeline. Cautiously, we decided that things could be changed. A decade or so passed uneventfully (for the family at least) before I decided to rescue Rosalie Hale from her horrible fate with Royce King in 1933. We helped her find love with Emmett in Tennessee where, the last I checked, they had, had children and grown old together. Sooner than expected, in 1948, Alice joined the family, and, for now, we are complete. Oh? And, another huge difference from before? Alice and Edward looked at each other only once, and they got married. They are mates in this timeline instead of just lovers. Today is September 13th, 1987, and, together, we toast the birth of my younger counterpart. With any luck, in this timeline, the Cullen's won't have to adopt me. Anyway, for now, we'll just accept and enjoy our little piece of forever as a family.