close to him. He was still so cold…unnaturally cold, even his breath was like a cool breeze over my face. I kept my body as close to his as I could, and I felt how hard his chest was beneath his clothing…hard as stone. There was so much hesitance in the way he held me and when I stole a glance at his face I could see those conflicted emotions in his eyes again. "What is wrong?" I asked, not particularly caring if I was speaking out of turn. A smile formed on his face and he took a deep breath through his nose, briefly closing his eyes. "Nothing. Now that I'm dancing with you, I doubt things could get any better." I blushed and looked away. I wanted to rest my head on his shoulder, I wanted to wrap my arms around him and feel all of him. Such a brazen action with a relative stranger would not go down well with my parents. "What's wrong?" Edward repeated my question with a smirk. Unable to resist smiling in response I giggled. "Nothing. Now I'm dancing with you." "Tell me what you're thinking." Edward moved his face close to my ear and whispered, "Please, Isabella, I need to know exactly what you're thinking at this very moment." The desperation in his voice scared me. I looked at him, and the tortured expression was back. Even though I didn't understand why, I could see he was pained and I hated to think of him like that. "I'm thinking that you frighten me," I answered honestly. "But, only because of the way you make me feel." "You should be frightened. In the literal sense of the word, I should add. I am not good for you, Bella," he said sadly. I failed to heed the warning, I was grinning at his affectionate abbreviation of my name. Something no other had ever done. "Bella?" I whispered, "I like it." A smile formed on his face, but it did not reach his eyes. "Edward, perhaps I could dance with my daughter now." My father interrupted us and Edward nodded politely. "Certainly, Mr. Dwyer. Thank you, Isabella. It was an absolute pleasure." He stepped back and I immediately felt his absence. I watched him walk away sadly, and heard my father chuckle. "Isabella, don't fret. He can have you back after this song." I smiled sheepishly and allowed myself to be twirled around like a young girl. Every time I saw Edward he was watching me, smiling. He had moved to sit at the table with my parents along with another man and woman, who I presumed were his parents. They were nothing alike in their hair style, features, or build. Yet, as with the band-mates, there was a striking similarity that they all shared; the pale, flawless skin, the strange golden eyes, and of course the extraordinary beauty. After the song ended, I was released by my father at the edge of the dance floor. Edward was the first to his feet as I approached the table, and he pulled out a chair for me in-between him and my mother. "Thank you," I said shyly. I was introduced to Dr. Carlisle Cullen and his adorable wife, Esme. They had recently moved here from a small town in Washington and were finding it difficult to adjust to city life. Of course, my mother took to Esme in an instant and within ten minutes she had secured invites to all the coffee mornings, brunch dates, and club events. I was too enchanted with Edward to pay attention for long. My hands were clutching the sides of the seat and because of the close proximity of our chairs; it left me just inches away from Edward's thigh. My throat was dry and I could barely focus on anything except the incredible desire to touch him. I almost felt my fingers pulling toward him, and judging by the expression on his face, he felt it too. "If you were tired, I am sure your father would allow me to walk you home," he whispered in my ear and I nodded once. I feigned a yawn and quickly apologised for my manners. "I'm sorry, but I feel quite tired. Would you mind if I returned home?" "I will not have you walking home alone, Isabella. There are too many questionable characters out there," my father said sternly and Edward immediately offered his assistance. "I would be happy to walk Isabella home. It is only a short walk from here." I fully expected his offer to be rebuffed but both my parents were appeased straight away and readily agreed. I thought I caught a warning look from Dr. and Mrs. Cullen in Edward's direction, but it was so fleeting I assumed I was mistaken. "Thank you, Edward, that would be very kind." Mt heart was pounding, my hands almost shaking, and I was sure my mother would notice, but is she did, she never acknowledged it. I allowed him to help me with my coat and then took his offered arm. I said, "Goodbye" to all those around the table and walked outside on the arm of Edward. I shivered as I adjusted to the cool, night air. "Don't be afraid, Bella. I would never hurt you," Edward said solemnly, misunderstanding the reason behind my shiver. "You have no idea how long I've waited for you." A/N A lot different to anything else I've done I know, but it was an idea I had and just couldn't shake! I have two different routes this story could go…a relatively short two, possibly three chapters or a longer length fic with a little more drama! Let me know which you'd prefer to see! The rest (either way) isn't prewritten, so I can't promise frequent updates…but whichever way I decide to go, I have the outline in my head. I'd love to know what you think! Thanks for reading. Bye for now, Katy