chunks have escape to frame her face and tickle her neck. "What's this?" I ask, pushing the shirt back and over her arm to reveal two revolvers, wrapped in stems and blossoms. It's not a headstone or the freedom of a new set of wings. It's tethers and thorns, sweetness and color. Appropriate since I'd take a bullet for her, let her prick me over and over, and keep coming back for more. "Do you like it?" she asks. "It's us." "Us?" "Yes." She turns, walks to our old favorite booth, and slides in just like old times. I follow like I always have. We order and sit, staring at each other until she decides to talk. "I haven't been fair to you these past few days." She winces and picks up her silverware, tugging on the paper tab keeping it wrapped in the napkin. "Or ever, really." "If this is another consolation talk, tell me now so I can leave and save us both the trouble. I don't think we should be friends anymore, Alice. I can't. It…" I stop to scrub my hand over my jaw, trying to force out the words. "It fucks me up in the head." She drops the fork and knife to the table, and stares down. "I get it," she says. "It's been fucking with my head, too. But you're all I think about. For years." "That's not fair. You left." "I know," she says. "I fucked it up. I did that, and then it was too late to come home. Everything was wrong, and I didn't know how to fix it." "Doesn't seem like much has changed." I reach for my coat. This is pointless. "Can we get those orders to go?" Alice says, catching my attention. Our passing waitress nods and makes a beeline for the kitchen. "Will you just come with me for a few minutes? There's something I want to show you." "I don't think it will make a difference." "Please?" I nod, lean back in my seat, and pull out my phone to check a few missed texts from Mick. When our order is ready, I pick up the check and carry the food out to her car. "Follow me," she says. I wait for her to back out first and then follow as promised. It's obvious after two turns that we're going to the house she grew up in. I could get here blindfolded, sleep-driving, with one hand tied behind my back. She parks in the driveway and motions for me to take the spot behind hers. She waits for me, holding two white sacks from the diner and shivering in the rain. "Hurry. I'm freezing." Alice's voice is small compared to the deep barking in the background. Confused, I follow her to the porch. Jeanette moved out of this place years ago when she married Charlie. She never had a dog, though. Not that I remember. Alice slides a key into the lock and pushes the door open. A hundred times I've watched her do this, but this moment feels impossible. Panic and dread mix in my gut, but I keep moving and follow her into the house. I expect the old, green couch we used to watch TV on and the coffee table where I'd toss the remote when we gave up on the screen to make out. I'm met with a giant golden retriever and dozens of boxes in an otherwise empty room. The dog growls at me until Alice brings him over to let him check me out. "This is Tug," she says. "He won't bite. Just give him a minute." "This is your dog." She pushes one of those lose bunches of hair behind her ear and nods. "Yeah. He's my dog. I dropped him off here before I went to the hospital." She waves at the boxes. "This is my stuff. It's been here for a few days." "I… This… You live here?" "I closed on the house in Mississippi the day after Thanksgiving." She shrugs and holds my gaze. "I listed it two weeks ago. I didn't expect things to happen so fast. I had to pack and take care of a million loose ends." She takes a step forward and puts both of her hands on my chest. "But I'm here. And that's got to count for something." "Alice…" "Please tell me it makes a difference," she says. "I just want a chance. I want to go on dates with you and hang out with you and do absolutely nothing like we used to. It has to make a difference." I didn't ask for this. She did it on her own; gave up her job, her life, and her house to come back. "Yeah." I lean forward until we're eye level. "It does." Her eyes drop to my lips, and she licks hers. One step forward and she's in my arms, pressing her body into mine and dropping tiny kisses on my neck. Helpless, I pull her closer and rest my hand at the back of her head. "I'm sorry," she says. None of the things she could be apologizing for matter now. I could have gotten on a plane and gone with her ten years ago. I could've flown to Mississippi nine years ago when she said she wasn't coming home. Or any other random day since. I've been as pissed at myself as I have been at her. "It's okay," I say, pulling back enough to speak against her mouth. She kisses the next words off my lips, gentle at first until I rub my thumb over her cheek. The sacks hit the ground. Her nails scrape my scalp. She tastes like coffee and mint in a room that smells like dust and VHS tapes. We played house here when we were teenagers, even lost our virginities to each other right down the hall. And here we are again. Home. A/N – Thanks for reading, guys. :)