skin of her feet where the material of her ridiculously high heels had worn through the flesh. It was in that moment that Bella once again longed for the simpler days with her old friends and Paul. Days were she would be barefoot, in jeans. Or if the occasion had called for shoes, she'd always preferred to wear ballet flats. She suppressed the urge to rip the scratchy, albeit expensive dress from her body and remove her shoes, snapping the heels off one at a time. Bella's stomach plummeted as she realized that this uncomfortable attire was part of her foreseeable future. She had chosen this life. Bella's mind drifted to her past - to when she was ten years old. Bella and Paul were sitting on the dock, fishing rods in hand. He had once again 'kidnapped' her from the discomposing atmosphere of her house. Rusty, Paul's scruffy pavement-special dog was lying between them, dozing off in the late afternoon sun. He always followed them around. When things got out of hand at home, Paul would always come rescue her. They'd sit for hours, making plans to run away together. "I'll always protect you." He'd promised her, like he always did. Too bad he didn't keep his word... As if fate was mocking her, she looked up into the eyes of none other than Paul Lahote from across the lawn. The man who had held her heart for so long, but broke it years ago. He held her gaze as he languidly made his way over toward her with lupine precision. God! How many years ago did she last see him? She wasn't sure. She just knew he had jetted off to another Mediterranean country to take pictures. She'd seen countless pictures he'd taken, published in popular travel magazines. And she'd kept every single one of them - stashed away was more like it. Edward still didn't know about those. She'd stopped buying those magazines once she realized he wasn't coming back for her. "Paul." Bella greeted him. Her voice rose an octave too high, betraying her surprised emotions. "What brings you here?" Bella knew for a fact that she didn't invite him. Edward's and her parents wandered off to greet more guests. "Honey, we invited him, remember?" Edward contradicted her thoughts and words. God. She knew exactly what Edward was playing at. He wanted to rub the fact that he was marrying Bella, in Paul's face. Her fianceé could be a real asshole sometimes. Paul and Edward were enemies at the best of times and the fact that Bella had once upon a time dated Paul, made Edward insanely jealous. "Of course." Bella agreed politely, smiling briefly at Edward and turned her gaze back to Paul. "Forgive me, Paul. With all the invitations and arrangements, I guess I lost track of the guest list." Paul wore a steely expression and nodded curtly. "No problem, Bella." "Excuse me for a second, love." Edward said and planted a brief kiss on her cheek, hurrying over to a tall, gorgeous strawberry blonde woman in a red dress. She felt a tinge of jealousy as she witnessed their suspiciously warm exchange. "So." Bella gave a resigned sigh, focusing her attention back on Paul. "How have you been?" PPOV Paul ignored Bella's question, taking in her very thin body, clad in obviously very expensive clothes. Not a hair was out of place and a light layer of make-up coated her face. He hated this look. She was such a natural beauty. He'd told her so on many occasions. But this Bella in front of him disgusted him. Jesus, she was so different. She looked like one of the Cullens already. She had done such a fucking stellar job of changing herself to fit in with them so completely, that it boggled his mind. For a second Bella slipped off a shoe, cringing in discomfort, but slipped it right back on before anyone could notice. He noticed, though and his heart contracted painfully as the image of her raw foot lingered in front of his eyes. His heart softened. "How's the bookstore doing?" He asked, feigning disinterest to hide his true curiosity. He wanted to know all about her life these past few years. He'd missed her every single day. He wondered if Bella ever published the children's book she'd always dreamed about? She was a brilliant artist. She could draw these amazing cartoon characters that always left him in awe. Bella coughed uncomfortably and looked at the ground for a second. "I'm going to sell it." "What?" Paul boomed in outrage. Bella glanced around anxiously, her head lowered in embarrassment at the scene he was causing. Curious looks flitted back to their previous conversations after appraising the two of them for a few seconds. He sighed. "Sorry." "Becoming Mrs. Cullen will be very demanding. There won't be time for the bookshop anymore." Bella stated boldly, holding her chin high, trying to look confident. Paul could see right through her, as he'd always done. 'A flat out fucking lie!' He thought. That's what it was. He chose to ignore it though and nodded in what he hoped looked like understanding. He clamped his lips together. "I hope you don't mind if I steal my fianceé for a second?" Edward appeared at Bella's side. He smirked at Paul, eyes sparkling with evil pleasure and stole a kiss from Bella, obviously taunting him. "Asshole! dick! Fucker! Slimy corpse!" Paul thought, just to irritate the mind reading son of a bitch. Edward coughed to hide a smile and winked at Paul. "Of course not." He said through gritted teeth, managing an insincere smile. A/N: Hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter. Please let me know what you thought. I might be taking a little longer to update this story, as I'm still working on Doctor, Doctor as well. But when a story pops into my head, I need to get it down on 'paper'. Much love xxx