lunchtime. She threw her clothes in the washer. They laughed and chatted and cooked and read books; lying around in the warm apartment and watching the dreary Seattle rain. It didn't usually snow much in Seattle; too wet. The television stayed off by unspoken agreement. Her clothes moved to the dryer. It was the best Christmas day she had had in years. Night time approached and she was still with him. They cooked dinner and washed up together. Neither of them seemed eager to be alone. They ended up back on the sofas. He sat up at one stage; he looked excited. "Road trip," he announced. "What the…?" "We'll drive… we'll get in the car and just drive." "Drive? To where?" "To this beach… you'll love it." "I have no clothes…" she protested. "They're dry now, aren't they?" he looked so eager. "Or you could borrow some fitness gear from me… come on… it'll be fun." He hauled her in against him. He kissed her on the neck. "I'll drive, you can doze off." He held her face in his hands and looked into her eyes. "We'll get there and we can watch the sunrise together." He was so eager and so excited. It had been years since she had been spontaneous. "Sure," she agreed. "Let's do that." She really liked Josh. She'd think about how to deal with that later. Right now; they were having fun. They raided his cupboards and packed some food and drinks for themselves. And lots of blankets. They showered and then fell into bed for a quickie before they left. She bundled up and he locked up and they left his apartment. They had taken much longer to pack than they expected; they kept distracting each other. They piled their stuff into the elevator and rode down to the parking garage. He had a four wheel drive in the garage. He drove through the Seattle traffic. "How long will it take?" she asked. "Not sure… especially today of all days. Maybe four hours." He glanced at her. "A little more with traffic. And the weather, of course." She curled her feet up underneath her and read a book. The road was dark and she wasn't taking much notice of it. She fed him and they stopped at a service station to use the facilities and buy a hot drink and then they were back on the road. Eventually she fell asleep. He reached over and pulled the book out of her hand. He smiled at her and brushed her face with the back of his fingers. He drove unerringly to his destination. It had been a long time, but he knew where he was going. He pulled up at the beach and parked the car. He looked out the windscreen at the beach. He jumped out and got a blanket from the back seat. He wrapped it around his shoulders and went to wake her up. "Izzy?" He kissed her awake. Her eyes opened slowly and she focused on him. She smiled at him. "We're here." He pulled at her to get out of the car. "Come sit and watch the sunrise over the forest." Her eyes slid away from his face. It was still dark. "You've got the blankets?" "I'll keep you warm," he promised. She put her shoes back on. They unpacked their impromptu picnic and carried it away from the car. They stumbled over rocks in the dark; laughing as they went. "Oh my god. It's so cold," she complained. He sat her in front of him and wrapped them both in the blankets. She snuggled in against him. They drank hot coffee from the thermos and ate their snacks. "Happy Christmas," he whispered in her ear. "Yes, you too," she replied. "A day late," she quipped. She clutched at his hand. She watched the light play across the landscape. She knew this place. It was karma. Some kind of twisted karma. He had brought her to Second Beach of all places. She looked at that oh so familiar island. She couldn't believe it. "Isn't it beautiful?" he asked her. "Yes. Yes it is." She was surprised by how steady her voice sounded. Five years. She assumed all the pack would still be around. Dear god, what if she ran into any of them? What if she saw Jacob? He rocked her gently, pressing his cheek on the top of her head. She shuffled down and stupidly tried to hide. She clutched at him. It was beautiful. She didn't regret her choice. She was alive. If she had stayed around here, she'd be dead. Even if she had stayed human, she just seemed to attract trouble here. She had never been to hospital as much in her life as she had been in her two short years here. "You're Quileute," she stated. "Yes." He sounded surprised. "How did you…?" "I lived in Forks for a while." She shrugged. "I didn't know." "You couldn't." There was silence as they watched the colours blossom in the landscape. "Your dream?" he asked quietly. "It was here…" she admitted. Silence again. "Wow," he finally said. "Look at me, Izzy." She shifted around and straddled him. He held her face. "Are you okay?" She just nodded. She felt like crying and she didn't know why. Over his shoulder she could see a figure jogging along the road. Bella had a bad feeling about this. It was obviously a male and he was not wearing a shirt. He jogged closer. It was Sam Uley. Karma was really kicking her butt today. She sighed. He jogged over and looked down at them. His face was his usual impassive mask. "What are you doing here?" he growled at them through gritted teeth. "Sam?" she blustered. "We just came to watch the sunrise." Sam glared at her. "I wasn't talking to you, Bella." His eyes shifted back to Josh. "What are you doing here… Dad?" FF_2154210_ - 8/12/2011 02:37:00 PM