makes four trips to the bathroom during the football game. When she comes back the last time, she leans over and whispers something into Jasper's ear. He jumps up from his place on the couch. "Now?" She nods. Alice is in labor. And we're all drunk. Well, Grandpa isn't, but he might be hyped up on Viagra. My parents and grandparents start bustling around eagerly. Somehow, they form a coherent plan. Alice's bag has been packed and in the minivan for two weeks. Grandpa will drive since he is the only person sober enough to do it. They will all go with Alice to the hospital for the birth. Edward and I will watch the kids. Wait, what? "Jasper, I have no idea what to do with ONE kid, and you want to leave me with a litter?" "Come on, Bella," he pleads. "I've called Alice's sister, Angela. She is on her way to pick them up. It will be twenty minutes. Tops." Edward assures Jasper we can handle it. Alice kisses each of the boys on the cheek and tells them all how much she loves them. She may be a nitwit, but she is a good mom to my nephews, and my brother never looks unhappy. "Good luck," I tell her as I hug her goodbye. They all pile into Jasper's minivan and disappear into the night. Twenty minutes ends up being more like forty minutes and one more margarita. Angela is apologetic, but she had just helped her own kids into the bath when Jasper called. EPOV Bella leans against the door after saying goodbye to her nephews and Angela. "Are you ready to run away screaming yet?" she teases. I shake my head. What I am ready for involves screaming of a wholly different nature. Bella pushes away from the door and walks slowly across the room until she is standing right in front of me. "Not a chance." I grin as I slide my fingers inside her jeans and pull her body against mine. She smiles and giggles until I unbutton them. She runs her teeth across her bottom lip, drawing it lightly into her mouth. And I lose my shit. Well, not literally, but I rip her clothes off like some kind of caveman before dropping trou. She laughs as her hand disappears behind her back. My tongue licks my lips without forethought or permission. My eyes are locked on her chest because I know in about five seconds I'm going to see her tits again. 5…. 4…. 3…. She shrugs, lifts her hands, and pulls on the thick satin straps… 2…. 1…. Ahhhh. She pushes me back as she advances. My knees hit the sofa, and I sink onto it, pants still around my ankles. I trace my finger up her thigh and hook it inside the satin boyshorts, letting my knuckle graze her clit. She pushes them down her hips before I can straighten my finger. "Skip it," she says tersely, as she straddles me. " One …I'm drunk. B… I'm horny. Three… we're finally alone. Now, give me my happy ending," she moans as she dips and swivels before lowering herself. I watch as my dick slowly disappears inside her. My hands settle on her waist, holding her in place just long enough to prevent an early detonation. If I watch myself fuck her, I am going to blow my load. If I play with her tits, I am going to blow my load. If I kiss her, I am going to blow my load. Fuck. Drunk, brazen Bella is a voodoo sex goddess, so I do the only thing I can do. I lean back against the cushions, let her fuck me, and pray that I have time to get her off too. Keeping one hand on her waist, I thrust as she rocks against me. The thumb of my other hand is hard at work, rubbing and teasing and doing everything in my power to make her cookie crumble. She grips both of my shoulders tightly as she drops her forehead against mine. "Yes, yes, yes," she chants, going limp in my arms. Fucking Amen. She's there. I keep a grueling pace as she throws her head back, clenching and moaning, with her legs and arms wrapped loosely around me. Once I am satisfied that I have fucked her senseless, I wrap my arms around her shoulders and bite down on the swell of her breast as I finally surrender to the best damn orgasm of my life. She rests her head on my shoulder and I close my eyes as I hold her against me, reveling in the feel of her damp skin and the scent of sex all around us. BPOV Someone is giggling. Alice is giggling, and Edward is shaking me. "Bella, wake up. Please wake up." I open my eyes to find my parents, Jasper, Alice and my grandparents standing a few feet away, just inside the front door. "False alarm," Alice giggles. "Bella, dear, is that a Mr. Yuk tattoo?" Gran steps forward to get a closer look. AT MY COOKIE. Oh my GOD. Edward is trying desperately to cover us up. "Renee." Charlie hasn't moved an inch. His hands are on his hips, thumbs twitching back and forth. "Yes, dear," she answers. "Hide the key to the gun safe," he growls. "I took care of that yesterday after I read Edward's cards." She winks at me as she pulls my father from the room. Damn. Never bet against Alice. -o- A/N: There are a few futuretakes I can do for these kids. And I've tentatively started working on an outtake called "How They Ended Up Naked." It covers what happened at Edward's apartment that first night. If you are interested, hit Story Alert or Author Alert. Reviews might cheer up poor Tofurkeyward and help him get over his embarrassment a little quicker. Come and say "Hi" on Twitter: MrsSpaceCowboy Thank you for reading!