that, I was far too dependent on my mother, although perhaps not on her awful sandwiches. "See, why can't she make me this?" I hummed in appreciation as I took a bite. "I only make Peanut butter and jelly because it's the easiest, Bella." He smiled. "But sometimes the easiest things are the best things by far," I told him. "You're right, the easiest things are definitely the best," he looked wistful as he spoke, why I had no idea, but then he shoved the sandwich back into his mouth again and the look was gone. I watched over Edward's shoulder as Carlisle walked into the cafeteria. He was alone today, which was a rarity in itself. Usually, he had Esme attached to his hip… or his lips… or his ass. Lucky bitch. But today she was nowhere to be found. Maybe this was my opportunity to strike? I saw him stop to talk to another senior, a guy from the football team, and I stood up quickly. "I'll clear the table." I grabbed my trash and snatched the sandwich from Edward's hands, ignoring his plea that he wasn't finished and walked as confidently and sexily as I could towards Carlisle. I kept my eyes focused firmly on him, hoping he would look my way, but my plan didn't exactly go according to plan. Because I was concentrating on Carlisle I failed to notice Esme saunter into the cafeteria and make her way to her man's side. I also failed to notice that Eric Yorkie—another resident of Loserville —had left his Sonic the Hedgehog bag on the floor and I got my foot tangled in the strap. I called out as I tripped over, my arms flailing around as I tried to find something to brace my fall. "Arrrgh," I screamed and my hands caught what felt like a handle. I did what I could to stay on my feet, but it didn't work and I landed with a thud on top of the broom or whatever the hell it was. "Get off me!" A girl's voice cried and I noticed with absolute horror that the "broom" I had used to brace my fall was in fact Esme Platt's bony arm and I was now laying on top of her with the remnants of mine and Edward's lunch splattered all over her white shirt. "You idiot!" "Oh, I'm so, so sorry," I mumbled trying to scramble to my feet but I just couldn't seem to find my balance. "Will someone get this loser off me?" Esme wailed and someone grabbed my hand, pulling me gently to my feet. I instantly thought my saviour had been Carlisle and looked up to thank him and instead I saw Edward's concerned face staring back at me. "You okay, Bella?" I nodded, and looked around. The entire cafeteria seemed to be watching the incident and I could see everybody laughing at me. "Fine," I mumbled. "Thanks." "You should watch where you're going, Esme," Edward said to her coolly and she glared at him. "You made Bella fall." "What?" she fumed and pointed a perfectly groomed fingernail in my direction. "This idiot took me down with her." "Yeah, it was quite the tackle." My heart raced and I almost fainted when I saw Carlisle smiling widely at me. "We could use you on the football team." I burst out laughing hysterically. "And I wouldn't even need to borrow your jockstrap to play," I blurted out, trying to be funny and failing miserably. "Um… yeah…" Carlisle said. "So… I guess I should be going. Are you coming, Es?" "I need to go home and change. There's no way I can spend the rest of the day in this," she sniped. "Don't you have a spare shirt in your locker?" Carlisle said. "Just wear that." "I can't wear that, Carlisle," she whined. "It won't go with this skirt. I'll be the worst dressed girl in school. Well, almost the worst," she added with a sneer in my direction. "Well, I'll see you later then." He kissed her cheek and she stormed off. "Want a lift home tonight, Edward?" he asked his brother. "Practice has been cancelled so I'm heading straight home." "Yeah, thanks." Edward nodded. "Do you, Annabelle?" Carlisle asked me and I gawked at him, speechless. He waited for me to answer and when I didn't say anything, he looked at Edward and frowned. I didn't know what to say, and instead of simply nodding I burst out laughing again and for some reason I could not begin to understand I said, "Oh my God, sorry, I didn't see you there, Carlisle! I was a million miles away… it must have been that joint of weed I smoked before lunch." Carlisle said nothing, and Edward just rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Yeah, she needs a ride. We'll meet you out in the parking lot after last period." Carlisle nodded, looking at me like I had serious mental issues. I turned to walk away, but didn't miss his whisper to Edward, "I think she needs a ride down to the psyche ward, dude, she's weird." I felt my eyes sting with tears and I walked as quickly as I could from the cafeteria not bothering to listen to Edward's response. A/N Eeek… hope you likey! So, if you were wondering, it's 13 going on 30 inspired & young B&E are juniors in highschool back in the 80's. There will be some angsty stuff but I hope to try and keep it as lighthearted as possible. Thanks for reading and I hope you're along for the ride! I will try to post weekly, but I don't have many chapters in reserve so for the time being I can't promise! There is a facebook group if you want to come and chat about this fic or anything else at all. It's MrsK81 Fic and if you want in just come find me! See you soon. Katy xx