to think about that and we can discuss it later… if you still want to." He told me sweetly, and I had no doubt he meant it. "I swear, I'm okay. I'm kind of glad it just happened. I might have done some heavy overthinking if we'd planned it. But seriously, it feels like an icebreaker. My head is clearer, no longer worried that my perversions would freak you out." I answered him honestly. "I'm not delusional, Sweetheart. I know things between us are more than just taboo. I'm not all that concerned about my immortal soul being cast from heaven or anything … but I know nothing about us can ever be conventional. And it goes without saying that no one must ever find out. But the way I see it … Nothing that feels this good, could be too bad." He reasoned and I was glad he voiced his opinions on some of the things I did worry about. "I feel the same way, about all of it. Truly. I don't know why these feelings were born in me, but now that I know you feel the same way, I don't care about anything else. I'm willing to explore this with you, because I trust you. I love you and I'm not ashamed that my love for you includes desire too." I told him. "Okay, Sugar. Now that all that's sorted, I've got to try to remove my underwear and put my pants back on, all while trapped in the driver's side of my car." He chuckled and I laughed. "Alright, I'll let you get to it. Love you / Miss you." I said to him, feeling lighter than I had in really long. "Love you / miss you, too." He replied before ending the call. It was going to be a long two weeks before I saw him again, and I couldn't wait. That night wasn't the first time I dreamed of him, but the following morning was the first time I woke without feeling ashamed about it. Over the next few weeks, he sent text images with no words every day. The first was a black and white photograph of naked woman's back. She had a rope intricately binding her arms above her head. The rope was braided from her wrists, down the center of her back, and wrapped around her torso. Another was of a blindfolded woman with a ball-gag in her mouth. The camera was as close range of her face, but it was obvious she was bent at the waist with a man standing behind her in the blurry background. None of the pictures seemed dirty, despite their nature. They were beautifully artistic and all the pictures depicted women in a bondage scenes. That led me to believe they were things he would do to me. I wasn't sure if he knew that each image made me long for him, or if he was doing it on purpose. No matter how many times we spoke or messaged each other, he never brought them up, so I didn't either. Eventually, I realized it was almost like foreplay. With that in mind, I searched until I found a picture I liked. It was a sepia photograph of a man's back. The man was clearly standing between a woman's spread legs, with her feet tied at the ankles, just below his perfectly shaped ass. That photo depicted what I wanted him to do to me, so I sent it with no words. Neither of us ever acknowledged any of the previous pictures he sent me, but when he received mine, he responded with a winky-face. He'd set the game, but I felt like I won it, so I threw my head back and laughed. xoxoxoxo Present day, March 2017: Things we've done together were morally wrong, strictly forbidden, and probably illegal - but he still turned me on like no other. I close my eyes and see his green eyes the same as mine, boring into mine before putting the blind over my eyes. I lick my lips and taste his lips on mine, before he puts the gag in my mouth. I squeeze my thighs together and I feel his fingers, his tongue, and his dick inside me while I scream around the gag in my mouth, and pull at the restraints he used to bind me with. It's been too long since his last visit. He lives far away and has someone in his life now. He's not meant for me. I have no claim over him, and I'm perfectly okay with that. There'd be no point in being jealous, anyway. We'd always be in each other's lives, no matter what, so him having someone wasn't painful or a deal-breaker for me. The very few times someone would mention his name or I'd see an Instagram picture of them together, I found myself happy for him, in every way. He had someone now, so he wasn't lonely. Maybe I would have some again in time … but he'd still be mine and I'd be his. No one on this earth knew the bond between us, just me and him. Right after reading his message saying he'll be home soon, my phone beeped again. It was a picture without a comment, and it made me giggle like a silly school girl. Damn - That's new! I thought as I looked at the picture, feeling my skin heat up. I knew I wouldn't reply, but I love how he always manages to kick my hormones into gear with such little effort on his part. I rubbed the faint and barely noticeable scratch scars on my inner wrists. They're the only proof of our time together. I got to carry them with me everywhere, keeping him with me all the time. A/N: Too much? Did anyone guess who her the mystery protagonists are? LOL, I never mentioned their names, but it can't be too hard to guess.