the view, Embry?" Jake had knees on either side of Embry's head and Embry was looking up at his ball sack. It took Embry a moment to answer. "No," he confessed. They could all tell if he was lying and he wasn't. "Huh," said Leah. Jake leaned forwards and Leah kissed the end of his cock. "I've missed sex," she breathed. She licked him all over before she opened her mouth wide and sucked him down. Quil was the only one who had room to move and he set the pace. He'd shunt forward and drive Leah's face onto Jake's cock and down onto Embry's. They all listened to her heart rate to make sure she wasn't hurt. Quil's hand reached around and slid down to press on her clitoris. Embry had one breast in his hand. Jake had his hand at the back of her neck, holding her onto him with his fingers tangled in her hair. Embry looked up and could see Jake's cock disappearing down her throat. It made him rock hard. Saliva and come were dribbling from her chin and dripping onto him. The smell. A heady melange of sex, the crushed grass under them, body odour and the sharp tang of semen. They were all focused on the female. They all knew when she was going to come. She was making noises in the back of her throat and the sounds of wet flesh slapping was everywhere. Embry wiped off her chin with his other hand and reached up to Jake's ass. He pressed against his asshole gently. One push and then he waited. "Yes," Jake said with a groan. He had granted permission. Quil's rhythm was building and they all followed him. Leah shuddered as she started to orgasm from Quil's hand on her clitoris. As Jake's balls tightened Embry thrust a finger up inside him looking for the sweet spot. He pushed and turned and found it. A stream of swear words came out of Jake's mouth interspersed with the names of Leah and Embry. Leah swallowed Jake down as he exploded inside her throat. He slipped, loosely from her mouth and she pulled back to take a gasping breath. "YES," she shouted. Embry came next with a guttural moan. Jake still had his hand in her hair. "Come on, Quil," they all encouraged. "Fuck, yeah," Quil grunted as he made some increasingly ragged strokes, his hands clutched around her breasts as he slammed into her. Leah was panting. Jake kissed her, tasting himself in her mouth as Embry reached past her shoulder to grab Quil at the back of the neck and squash them all together. Quil's chest against Leah's sweat soaked back. Quil shouted when he came. After a few minutes recovery, Embry called 'uncle' and they all had to move to let him up from the bottom of the pile. "We need to move closer to the river," Leah suggested. "Why?" Quil asked. "I'm thirsty and it'll be easier for clean up so that we are ready for the next round." "The next round?" Jake asked. "Well it wouldn't be fair if you don't all get a turn," Leah said. Sam was waiting for them when they almost crawled out of the forest days later. Jake, who was carrying Leah, fell to his knees just out of the tree line. They were all covered in scratches and bruises. Sam caught her before she hit the ground. She couldn't even put her arms out to save herself. "Jesus," he said. "Hey, Sam," she muttered. "You okay?" "Yeah. I just need a sleep. Maybe a week of it." "You reek." "I smell good," she purred. The three men lay in tumbled piles on the ground. "Guys?" Sam checked. "I'm okay," Quil said, holding his hand up. "I'm still okay." He didn't look okay. "I'll take Leah home," Sam said. "You guys can get yourselves home." "Yep," said Quil. "Okay," Embry mumbled, his face covered by his arm. Jake muttered, "I need to talk to my father." Sam jogged off holding Leah close to his chest. When he looked back the guys hadn't moved. "It's okay, Sam." She had picked up how upset he was from the tenseness of his body. "They didn't hurt me. We just wore each other out." "Looks like you nearly killed them." She chuckled, low and throaty. "Oh, they nearly killed me." "What did Jake mean?" "We discovered something interesting." "And?" he prompted when she stopped talking. "I suppose you'll know soon enough… Embry's older than Jake." "Yeah, so?" "He can order Jake." "Alpha order?" "Yep." "Shit." The only way he could do that is if Embry was the true alpha, or a candidate for one. "Exactly. Embry's not happy about it either. Billy has never said anything." Sam was silent for a minute or so. "It seems out of character for Billy." "We can't come up with any other explanation. Billy doesn't have any brothers, just four sisters." "No. Unless Tiffany fucked his father." "We didn't think of that. Could the alpha gene come down through Jared's side of the family?" "I don't know. But this changes everything." "Sure does." He had reached the Clearwater house by then. Seth opened the door, for once, without saying anything. "Seth's speechless," Leah giggled. "Yeah." Sam had to chuckle at that. He headed down the hall to place her carefully onto her bed. He couldn't resist; he brushed her hair away from her forehead. "So which one did you choose?" he asked. Her eyes were already closed, but she smiled. "Oh, I'm keeping them all ." "Dammit," said Sam. "I bet on Embry." Author's note: I was on tumblr and saw a Leah post… and found some half written thing that I cleaned up for you. Or dirtied up, really… he he. There you are readers, happy holidays. Hope you all have a great 2016. I'm still writing - don't you worry about that - just having trouble finishing stuff.