father did not return home from the war. Yes, my father-for I wasn't Mrs. Swan, as you had assumed, I was Miss Swan. Forgive me for letting you believe otherwise, but at the time I felt it was a better course to follow. In the years since we last met, I've rebuilt my barn and replanted my gardens. But though I've tried to pick up the reins of living that the war had made me drop, I still can't stop thinking about those four days in July and the time I spent with you. Again, please forgive me if this letter is unwelcome and I will surely understand if you want those memories, and myself, to remain in the past, but I at least wanted to tell you that I am so very happy you lived. Very truly yours, Miss Isabella Swan Gettysburg, Pennsylvania I sealed the letter and went back to bed only to arise before the rooster to walk into town to meet the mail. It wasn't until I was returning home did I begin to have misgivings. What if my letter was too bold? What if he was married? What if he didn't remember me? I tortured myself for days with these questions to the point I was considering taking to drink as my father had when his worry and grief grew too much. Weeks passed and still I didn't hear. I reckoned it would take a while for the letter to reach him and then a while for him to write back and finally, a while for the post office to deliver it to me. But, none ever came. I moped for a month or so, at turns excruciatingly embarrassed I had written at all and at others, perturbed he hadn't at least responded. But, on this day, as there was every day, work was to be done and so I put on my apron, my straw hat, and went out into the garden to hoe. After working for a bit, there was a tap on my shoulder and a soft voice say, "Excuse me, Miss Swan, but no one answered your door." I stood up straight, staring directly ahead as the hoe dropped from my suddenly nerveless fingers. I swallowed the goose egg that seemed to have lodged in my throat and said in a shaky voice, "Is that you, Mr. Cullen?" He chuckled and said, "Indeed it is." I spun around with wide eyes and I once again beheld his dear face. "It's you!" He held his arms out to me and I flew to them. Clasping me tightly to his chest, we laughed as he spun me around in mad pirouettes. When he lowered me back to the ground, I said "You're here!" "I am." "But you left me." My voice caught at the remembered heartbreak. "I did to protect you. It was just a matter of time before someone would discover you had been sheltering me and I couldn't bear the thought of the trouble that would bring you, so I left. It didn't take me long to meet up with General Lee's Army. The rest of the war passed for me as it had started: horror stacked upon horror. I was glad when it was over, to be honest, and I could return home." "Why didn't you write to me?" "Well , Miss Swan, I thought you were actually Mrs. Swan. I felt silence would be easier for you and the loyalty you owed to your husband. It would be hard enough for you to explain what happened to his trousers." "It wasn't easy for me! I've missed you every day since you've left." "I know it was dishonorable of me to ask to kiss you that day, but the memory of it kept me warm many a cold night since." We had been walking towards the house as we spoke. I climbed the first step and then turned to face him so that we were eye to eye. "The memory of that kiss is what kept me hopeful." "Hopeful?" "Indeed, because when we kissed I knew there would never be another for me. That kiss did more than keep me warm, it kept me unwavering." With a smile, he peeled off his hat and asked, "Well then, Miss Swan, may I have permission to kiss you again?" I took off my hat and repeated what I had said all those years ago, "Yes, please, sir." And so we kissed. And my southern gentleman never left me again. AN: Much thanks to all who voted for this in the 2013 Age of Edward Contest. I was truly flattered and honored to have it be ranked as first in the popular vote for Young Adult and selected by Dreamweaver94's judges choice. The rest of this story takes place after Edward returns and told in the third person. Historical Notes: Half the fun of writing these is doing the research on it. Gettysburg was surprised to find itself in the center of our national Trauma in 1863. Close to 50,000 men lost their lives during those three days in July. I highly suggest that you visit Gettysburg as it stands today. The battlefield has been lovingly and honorably restored to its time during the war. It's an awe inspiring, tragic place. It still gives me goose bumps when I remember my journey there. Bel Aire, Edward's home is based on a real home in Prince William County, Virginia, called Bel Air. If you google search Bel Air Historic House Blog, you'll see it as it stands today. A beautiful Georgian gem. The census wasn't to be found bound in libraries (Gettysburg's public library was then, as it is now, on Baltimore Street.) But they started binding them in indexes in the mid-1800s. It was, however, unlikely for Bella to have found them in a public library in Gettysburg so close to their publication. Please pardon me for taking this liberty with the story.