other one available, meaning she would have to sit next to me. Ugh, I fucking hate humans. This Isabella Swan girl was evidently a complete klutz. As she began to enter the doorway, her toe caught on the edge and she literally face planted. I giggled. I'm over a century old and I fucking giggled like a patsy. But goddamn, her expression was priceless. Her eyes – chocolate brown and quite an unusual color – shot up from the floor and glared at me as a delicious blush colored her face. Embarrassed, she quickly gathered her books and desperately scanned the room to find her seat. Her look of utter defeat when she realized she'd have to sit next to the only asshole that laughed at her was nearly comical. I flashed a cocky grin and patted the seat next to me invitingly. What an unusual break in my brooding character. God, he should laugh more often. He's so dreamy. Those were thoughts directly from Mike Newton. Unable to keep myself from reacting, I literally craned around in my seat and shot him a disgusted look as he stared at me. Wow. It's almost like he heard what I was thinking. Damn straight, Newton. Damn straight. Isabella thumped down into the seat next to me with a huff, sitting as far from me as possible. I seldom found humans amusing, but something about this annoyed girl made me laugh. Weird. So, here's where the story gets undeniably complicated. About three things happened in quick succession. Number one) I breathed in and caught her scent. Oh my fucking god. Her smell was appetizing in ways I couldn't even describe. I wanted to fuck her blood and consume her from the inside out. I wanted to do a wide variety of nasty shit to her and bathe in the sweet nectar of her red and white blood cells. Fuck. I wanted to eat her and then fuck her. Or maybe eat her as I fuck her? God, decisions, decisions. Number two) The most miraculous thing happened. My cock – the useless lump of flesh that hung like a stupid mistletoe – stirred. Ok, rephrase. When I say that my cock "stirred", I mean that it went from limp to granite hard in zero-point-six-two seconds flat, ripping the zipper of my jeans clean off and tearing through the denim with sheer force. It hardened with such speed that it smacked the underside of the lab table with a dull thud, creating an indentation in the wood. (Get it? My wood dented the wood? ) And for a dude that is realizing the magnitude of his hard dick for the first time, I almost wanted to cry (if I could, that is). It was magnificent. Call me narcissistic, but my package, when erect, was nine damn inches, wide, and hard as a boulder. Probably harder. (Note to self: split boulder with cock as proof of manliness.) I was going to name it . . . Count Cockula. Number three) This girl was brain dead. I mean, like, stone dead. I couldn't hear a damn peep out of her brain. Way to go, Cullen, your dick picked the airhead. Eh, maybe that was for the best. Fucking wouldn't require her to say anything interesting. The girl, the sudden embodiment of all my repressed sexual and bloody urges, sharply turned her head towards me at the sound of the thumping table. My vampire brain quickly absorbed all this information and I made the speedy decision of snatching my textbook from the table and covering my lap with it. (I'm a virgin. I still have my decency, you know.) I then went into an onslaught of calculations. Firstly, I was pretty damn sure that killing this girl wasn't a good idea. Not only would it mean undoing decades of celibacy from exsanguinations, but I really didn't want to be having sex with a corpse (despite the fact that I myself am figuratively dead). Make no mistake, I fully intended to have sex with this girl for as many times as I was able. My newly resurrected cock would never forgive me if I didn't. However, her blood was calling to me. How could I resist such a powerful scent? I realized that my fingers had become claws and were dug into the wood grain of the biology table as I struggled to not drain the girl sitting not even two feet from me. Her dark hair was splayed over her face in protective cover, but I could see her beauty. That pretty mouth. I wondered how her plump lips would look around Count Cockula. But I couldn't just get up. I had a huge fucking problem standing at attention and completely unwilling to go limp so long as Isabella fucking Swan was around with her delectable scent. Besides, if I left, the grand objective of fucking her would be delayed. Count Cockula twitched in objection, ripping the binding of my textbook in half and briefly lifting the table before it came clattering down again. Isabella I'm-a-sex-goddess Swan glared at me before facing the front again, giving me the chance to unashamedly stare at her chest. Heehee, boobies. She might have been considered President of the Itty Bitty Titty Committee, but I didn't give a flying fuck. The girl, Buddha bless her, hadn't worn a bra and I could see some serious nips. It was during the viewing of said nips, that I understood why Vikings were into the business of raping and pillaging because no amount of "anything but yes means no" was going to stop me from having sex with this girl, brain dead or not. Naturally, in my bloodlust and just the plain old lust, my own brain wasn't functioning at full capacity. Before I knew what I was saying, the words "do you want to go on a date with me?" tumbled out of my stupid mouth. *V*V*V*V* As good as you remember it?