raise children when you were only a child–and maybe that was me and your mother's fault because we're at work so often. And I ask you to forgive us for that by the way. You've only ever dated a few times and...and I don't think you realise how, uh, attractive you are-" "Whoa, Dad, stop! I get it, okay?" I exclaim, my cheeks flaming red. "Be careful around big boys." "No, Chita, you're going into a world where not only boys will look at you and find you desirable. There will be men as well – men who will respect you and men who will try to take advantage of you. And, because you're in Colorado, I can't really protect you from those types of dishonourable men." Dad still wants to protect me from those big, bad wolves with those gorgeous smiles and dazzling eyes? I think to myself and chuckle. "Dad, seriously. One of the perks of swiftly maturing: I can spot a bad man in a crowd of good ones. Besides, I have the kind of personality that repels guys. And I'm not as attractive as Aria: another reason you should be having this mortifying conversation with her instead of me." "I just want you to be careful, you're not a muchachita anymore," Dad says worriedly, frowning. "You're a twenty-one-year-old woman with the world at your fingertips and the universe in your eyes. A lot can happen at this point in your life; a lot can happen to your head...and to your heart. You've always locked your heart away, Chita, but some men can still find it and they'll know just the right things to say." "Dad, I'm becoming a nanny ," I grin, patting him on the shoulder as reassurance. "I've gone to high school, college and now I'm embarking on the next stage in life. It's a schooling occupation, not anything vaguely to do with men! This job requires teaching skills, maternal instincts and the will to adjust. I'm not going to fall in love and I'm not going to let anyone take advantage of me. I promise." Dad places a kiss on my temple. "Thank you," He whispers with a sad, solemn voice. "For what...?" I frown incredulously, looking deep into his eyes. "You know what for," He states flatly, taking my hands in his and giving them a light squeeze. "Thank you for making this sacrifice, for putting your family before you. Most your age wouldn't think twice about assisting their parents this way. You don't understand how incredible you are, Chita. One day, I hope, someone will make you understand and that person will love you even more than your mother and I do." I blush and my eyes drop to my lap. "Dad, this is the right thing to do." "But-" He begins and I quickly interrupt him before I shed any poignant tears. "I'm the Fai of the Malveya family and African bloodline, Dad. Fais are the first daughters of Doveblood families and the protectors of Amaranths. These are the sacrifices I'm supposed to make for my family and for my people. I've grown up knowing my responsibilities, knowing the reason for my existence. I'm here to keep Aria safe when she finally blossoms. And, even though I'll be in Colorado, at least I'll be protecting her from poverty. I love you so much, Dad, and I am so proud to be what I am and who I am." For a moment, Dad's eyes flash of an emotion I'm not expecting: guilt and regret. He gives my hands another squeeze and smiles, though his eyes aren't as soft. He looks guarded, troubled by something he can't voice to me. Finally, he speaks in Spanish, " Dusk tiene los ojos de un atardecer de otoño." I instinctively translate his foreign speech and giggle. "I know, Dad, you tell me all the time." And so I depart from my home in the forest. I leave my family: so safe, loving and honest. I leave the wind, the rain, the earth and snow. I swiftly depart as a breeze starts to blow. A storm brews as I flee this home in the forest. I flee, my heart locked in my old bedroom's closet. I am young, brave, foolish and so clearly naive. I look to that forest and, for my home, I shall grieve. Author's Note: Hello there, this is MEBS. I know I haven't seen my readers in a while (aka four months) and there's a terrible explanation. Well, unfortunately, I can't exactly tell you the reason...because it will ruin the storyline. However, letting the old DITD stay up and running will ruin the future of CBTS and the third instalment of the Dusk's Trilogy . That, my readers, is why I must rewrite Dwelling in the Dusk and the minute portion of Chased by the Shadows . I will be rewriting thirty-five (or more) chapters...so forgive me if I seem a little anxious about my mission to refine, recreate and perfect the adventurous tale of Dusk Malveya. You see, I have this strange attachment to Dusk Malveya and I cannot live another day of writing until I clean her storyline up and make it right! Dusk's been in my life since the beginning of 2012 and it is my obligation, as an author and the creator, to redefine the laws of DITD. The old, tainted Dwelling in the Dusk will remain posted for a few more months until I see fit to remove it from my profile and make "current DITD" the sole story on my profile. Leah Clearwater's story, Me Te Aroha (With Love) , which is a story that's slightly linked to DITD, will remain posted and I will continue posting as often as I can. I hope you are all well and, I promise, this the first and last time I ask this of you guys. Every writer loves feedback from her/his readers, so I'd really appreciate some reviews.