I spent the first year searching Ireland, Scotland and Great Britain. I vaguely remember those being places she had mentioned in passing that she wanted to visit. So I figured they were worth checking out. Of course I came up empty handed again. Once I finished there I moved on to Germany and Romania, I knew both places had a high concentration of vampires and if I went by the thought that a vampire took her, those would be viable places for her to end up. At one point I thought I came across her scent, it was Jasmin with a light hint of freesia mixed with a warm spice that I couldn't place. I only knew it was her when my chest constricted at the scent and the pull to her almost brought me to my knees. Searching more closely around the area, I realized I was just outside of Bucharest in Romania. I tried to find more clues as to where she went. There were no signs that were able to lead me to where she went or even why she had been here. I did note that there was a scent that mingled with hers, it was a male from what I could tell, but it wasn't one that I could place with a name. Growling low in my chest, I didn't like the thought of any males being anywhere near my Bella. After finding nothing, I moved on to Italy. That was the only other place with a high number of vampires that I could think she would go to. It was also the home to our vampire royalty, which made me cringe at the thought of her being anywhere near the kings. Aro was a collector of sorts and I just knew that with Bella's powers, he would want her for his own and that was just not something that I would allow. Bella was not an object, she was my mate, a living creature, if you could call us that, and she deserved to live freely, not as someone's pet. Being controlled was something she already experienced thanks to Edward; I never believed that he actually loved her and his treatment of her towards the end just proved my suspicions to be true. I spent a year searching all over Italy and even ventured close to Volterra, where the kings resided in their castle. I came to the conclusion that there was no way that she could be in Volterra as I never once picked up any traces of her scent close to it. If I had found her scent I would have gone in to confront Aro, I would have done it fearlessly, but I can admit that I am glad it didn't come to that. It would not have fared well for any of us and that kind of danger was not something that I wanted Bella to get caught up in. I decided to find a home in Italy to stay for a while so I found a little cottage about an hour south of Florence in Siena and bought it. I would stay there for a couple of weeks before traveling the country and searching for my lost mate. After finding nothing I would return to the cottage and start the cycle over again. It was on one of these trips that found me, a year after arriving in Italy, relaxing in a secluded meadow, watching the clouds float past in the sky. I could sense something in the air; it held a sense of foreboding as well as excitement and closure. I can't tell you how I knew that, I just sensed it as I watched the clouds go by. This little meadow was peaceful and tranquil and allowed me to detox from the search and worry over my precious mate and what happened to her. That afternoon, as I finished going down memory lane, is when I decided to locate my missing siblings, hoping they could help me find Bella. It had been too long since I had seen them and I had no idea what they were up to. I was making plans for my return to the states when my phone starting ringing in my pocket. Curious, I pulled it out and looked at the caller id. I growled as I hit the answer button. "What do you want, Alice?" "Jasper, we have a problem and need your help." She responded, worry evident in her voice. I sat up and frowned, after ten years she thinks she can call and ask for my help? She wasn't really one that I would be willing to help any time in the near future and I realized I needed to tell her that. "Alice, I don't know why you called, but I don't believe it's my job to save you anymore. I believe that ended when you signed the divorce papers." I know it was cruel, but I couldn't bring myself to care. She sighed in frustration and hurt. "It's not for me, well not just me. It's for the whole family. We received a summons from Aro earlier today. It was addressed to all of us, including you and …" I closed my eyes, fighting another growl. "What aren't you telling me, Alice?" She groaned, apparently she had not wanted me to catch on that she was hiding something. "Jasper, they know about Bella." A/N - Sorry for the cliffy with the first chapter. It just flowed and it seemed like a good place to stop. Please review…I am happy to get good and bad reviews, how else can I get better? Please no flames. If you don't review I won't know if you guys want me to continue the story. I will let you know that I am almost finished with the next chapter, so please review. If you do, Jasper may just fill you with a sense of joy. Chapter song is Ghost by American Authors