three cops, I knew them all….two of them was at my house every other Wednesday for poker night and the other one was my dad. I worried about his heart; he was breathing hard and his face was the color of a tomato Here I was standing, with nothing but a man's shirt on, next to the most respectful doctor who was wearing no shoes or shirt and "Get on your fucking knees, Dr. Cullen….with your hands up." My dad demanded Carlisle did as he was told and his hands were cuffed in the back and Charlie said leaning in, "I should fucking beat the shit out of you….for touching my daughter. " Carlisle just closed his eyes and didn't say a word and the other cop started reading his rights. Charlie's eyes then fell on me…wearing barely anything. He looked as if he was going to vomit at the sight, says holding in his anger, "Bella, get in the car…now." Joe says, "Charlie you are going to have to take him to the station. There is a robbery at The Stop and Go…." Charlie said a few choice words and said, "Fine. Put the motherfucker in my car." It was silent the whole way there, I could see Charlie was holding in his anger right now…he was going explode and I was going to be his unlucky victim. He every once in a while would look through the rearview mirror at the man in the backseat that as he probably believes, violated his daughter. I knew he was thinking of ways to kill him and get away with it. When we got to the station, there was a news crew. The closest news station was in Port Angeles….how did they get here so quick it was a good hour away…then it occur to me that Alice probably saw it….and gave them heads up. Charlie says, "Stay in here. Don't even think about leaving this car. Do you hear me?" I just nod and Charlie gets out of the car opens the back door and forcefully pulls Carlisle out of the car and leads him in the station with the news crew asking question and taking pictures. I look at Carlisle helplessly as his dignity is ripped away from him. He was a respectful doctor, with a loving wife and family…then I come into the picture and take that all away….. I see Charlie's phone in the cup holder and grab it and go to his text messages, there was Edward name as I clicked on it….he had two pictures…the first one was the two of us both naked on the couch, all you could see naked, was Carlisle's butt but you could clearly see my face and the next photo was me and Carlisle standing half naked, with him in only pants and me in his shirt. Above the photos it read, "I just walked in on my dad fucking your daughter." I deleted the text quickly…even if he had already seen it…it shouldn't be in his phone. I didn't even noticed Charlie opening the door and Charlie growls, "Why you have my phone…." I say nervously as I hand it to him, "I….I was looking at the text Edward sent you….." He grimace and says, "I wish I could wash those images from brain…and to think it was Edward I worried about…". He looks at his phone to see the text is gone. Charlie says, "It doesn't matter the pictures have been printed out and going to be use as evidence to put him away for a LONG time." I don't say anything, because I know Carlisle could easily escape from prison. I just didn't know if Carlisle wanted to now. If he didn't believe he had a soul or a place in heaven before…..he for sure doesn't now…..I just need to talk to him, but I had no way…..because with my dad being chief and him going on trial…I'll never be able to visit. Charlie's phone rings and he answers it, "Please, Don….can we hold the questions till tomorrow" He pauses and says, "Huh?!" He pauses as he listens and looks down at me and can see the blood on my thighs…I tried my best to pull the shirt lower. He screeches on the side and buries his head into the steering wheel, "Fucking hell!" He still talking on the phone and says in a low voice, "Yes there is….No, Dan….I had to drop the bastard off at the station….Joe and Ted was called for backup at the Stop and Go robbery. I let Sean book him in and left….so I am still on the road." He finally hangs up and looks at me with hurt and anger, "Who are you. Because you are fucking well….not my daughter….she wouldn't do something like this…" I shrug, not able to stop the tears. He says, "Just tell me he took advantage. That he forced you to have sex with him…" He knew I wasn't taken advantage of…the picture Edward sent, I was smiling up at Carlisle… I just close my eyes tight…worst conversation to have with your father. "No. I wasn't forced….I wanted to…maybe more than he did…" Charlie grimaced, "He has a wife….who has been very good to you…..and Edward….I know I have my faults with him…..but I'd never wish something like this on anybody…..runs in on his father having an affair with no other than his girlfriend…" I just look out the window and say, "I'm monster. Okay dad….I get it. I just watched his whole family crumble because of me….I promise you I understand what I've done…." Charlie hiss, "He's the monster. You are a child…." He then puts the car back in drive and heads home. Author's Note:This chapter is a lot longer than probably the future chapters will be! Yeah, it's changed from the Original Twilight series….it's her 17 th bday instead of her 18 th bday and Bella already knows about the wolves.