eyes up to look at her father. Carlisle frowned when he saw the embarrassment and pain those golden orbs held, he couldn't imagine what she must be feeling in that moment. "That's alright. I'm here to listen if you change your mind." Carlisle reminded her, Alice nodded and took a shaky breath as she got into the car and the two of them started the quiet ride back to the Cullen estate. Once Carlisle put the car in park, Alice opened the door and ran upstairs to her room to avoid having to explain herself to Esme. Her efforts were moot considering she could hear her parents discussing the matter in hushed voices from the living room. "Alright! Who's ass am I kicking!?" Alice heard her brother Emmett yell as he walked into the house with the rest of her siblings maybe an hour or so later. She sighed, pulling her knees into her chest as she sat alone in her room listening to them discuss the information Edward had given them regarding why she hadn't joined them for lunch that day. "I don't think they know who they're dealing with." Edward added. "Maybe we should look them up!" Rosalie offered. "Please just shut up about it…" Alice whispered knowing nobody could hear her as she covered her ears trying to drown out the sounds of her siblings' ranting. The only voice she didn't hear downstairs was her husband's, but she found out why a few moments later when she heard a small knock on the door followed by Jasper poking his head in the room. "I know they're not doing a very good job…" Jasper started, slowly crossing the room and coming to sit on the side of the bed beside her. "…but they mean well." He finished. "They're driving me insa…" Alice pursed her lips, rethinking her word choice. "They're making me cr…" Alice sighed and looked away from Jasper. "I know what you mean Darlin'." Jasper replied, lifting her chin up so he could look at her eyes. It pained him to see the sadness they held, he rarely ever saw that emotion when it came to her. "What can I do?" He asked, scooting up to lean against the headboard with her. "I don't know." Alice sighed, letting herself fall against his shoulder. Jasper frowned, searching his mind for the right thing to say to her. "1948." He finally said after a little while. "What?" Alice looked up at him curiously, trying to see where he was going with this. "1948." Jasper held his hand out for her, watching a small smile make its way onto her face as she interlaced her fingers with his. "That year is more than just the year we met and it's more than just the year you saved me from myself… That year is also the year that I chose you, regardless of anything else." Jasper squeezed Alice's hand the tiniest bit and smiled. "When you held out your hand I took it… I didn't even know your name, but I chose you." "I hoped that you would…" Alice smiled thinking back to one of the happiest moments in her life. Jasper laughed, remembering what he'd read in Alice's emotions all those years ago. "I know you did Darlin'." Jasper leaned over and kissed her softly then. "May I?" Jasper asked, waiting for Alice to consent before he used his power over emotion to show her just how much he really loved and cared for her. Alice closed her eyes and allowed herself to bask in the warmth of it. "I love you Jasper." She whispered as her negative feelings melted away while he held her. "I love you more Alice." Jasper teased, kissing her temple. "I know you went through hell before we met, but I did too… and nine times out of ten just knowing I have you by my side now is enough to get me through anything that gets a little bit harder now." Alice thought about Jasper's words for a minute or two before her smile grew. "You're right. Thank you for reminding me of that Jazzy." "Any time Darlin'." The man smiled back. "Now are you ready to go downstairs and show the rest of the family that you're alright? I know they can be a little much, but that's only because they love you so much." "Yeah... I should probably apologize to Dad for the whole 'getting called into the principal's office' thing too." Alice sighed and slid off of the bed, keeping Jasper's hand tight in her own as she made her way downstairs and found her family in the parlor. "Alice!" Esme exclaimed, quickly crossing the room to give her daughter a tight hug. "I'm so sorry you had to go through all of that at school." Esme pulled away still holding Alice's arms. "Are you alright honey?" "I will be. I feel much better now though." Alice smiled at Jasper and Esme before sitting down on the couch with the rest of her family. She thought back to what Jasper had said about choosing her without knowing anything about her… in a sense, the Cullen's had done the same thing. Mary Brandon may not have had a family that wanted her, but the Cullen's had taken Alice for what she was without asking a single question and there was definitely something to be said about that. A/N: Well that ended up a little different than I planned... I still really like it though and I hope you guys did too. I would love it if you left me a comment telling me what you thought (only if you want to though, no pressure). Anyway, this was actually requested by Snowgirl01 on here (so, I hope you liked it!). That being said if you guys ever have any requests just shoot me a quick PM or leave something in the reviews and I'll see what I can do. Thanks for reading!