parked her old-but-new-to-her truck in the crowded parking lot. But it was when she stepped out dressed like she just got done doing a photoshoot for Nylon magazine instead, some eyes widen and jaws dropped in surprise. She cringed, feeling like a bug zapper that attracts gullible moths and blood-sucking mosquitoes. "So much for being natural.." she muttered, putting on her RayBans while thinking. "Note to self, thinking about investing in some new clothes in the future also." "Nice ride." commented a black guy sitting on the hood of a car across hers. He was hanging out with two guys and a girl who kinda seemed to be stoners while he looked more of a player-type. She smirked proudly, patting the truck as she walked by. "Thanks. Beats having a Ferrari any day." Once Warren went to the main office—where the secretaries were nice but a bit overwhelming—and retieved her schedule with a map of the school, the newcomer tried to find her first class on her own..until a nerdy but somewhat stylish Asian boy strolled up beside her. "You're Cyan Warren, the new girl." he noted in a kind, curious voice; now walking along with said person much to her chagrin. "Hi, I'm Eric Yorkie, the eyes and ears of this place." She warily nodded in greeting. "Anything you need, tour guide..lunch date, shoulder to cry on?" "Thanks but no thanks, Eric. I'm the kind of person who can make it on their own. I'm a big girl after all." the newcomer told lightly, trying not to sound mean or off-handish. But his strong overly-helpful attitude was putting her off a tad. "Good headline for your feature." Eric remarked, "I'm on the paper and you're news, baby. Front page." A horrified expression was given from her. "You're kidding, right?" "Chillax..No feature." he assured quickly after seeing her face. "Sorry. It's just I don't want to be made into some spectacle." she apologized, running a hand through her hair nervously. She felt a bit naked without her beanie and shades. "I'm just a regular teen with average issues." The young man nodded in understanding but didn't hide his sudden gloom. "It's cool. Though I was kinda hoping doing that feature would let me get to know you." "How about I take you up on eating lunch together instead?" Warren suggested with a kind smile, "Seeing as how you are the first decent human being to offer me a remote of help since I got into this drab teaching sanatorium." "Okay, sure!" he agreed with excitement. Wow. Two almost friends in one day. That was an all-new world record for her. Cyan managed to find her first class which was her—and probably a good majority of people located on Earth—least favorite subject. Gym. She hoped that for once the gym teacher would let her sit out since she was new. But unfortunately, no special treatment was given to her. Handed a uniform and pointed in the direction of the girls' locker room, Warren joined in on a girls volleyball game which she had no idea how to play. Sports weren't her complete interest nor forte. Yes, she enjoyed watching them now and then but acting them out herself was a whole different matter. So when the ball soared towards her eventually, the teen panicked and slapped it away hard to the left where it struck some poor guy in the back of the head who played basketball next to the group. The young woman hurried over to apologize. "I'm so, so, sorry. I suck at sports so whenever any type of ball comes flying at me full speed, this is bound to be the end result for someone." She paused with a low sigh. "And I'm rambling like an idiot.." He turned around to face her, revealing himself to be a cute boy with short cropped dirty blond hair and bright baby blues. "No way.." he uttered when laying eyes on her and shook his head. "No, no, no. That's..That's..Don't..You're, uh, Cyan, right?" "So it said on my birth certificate." she joked lightly, offering her hand. "Nice to meet you.." "Yeah. Hey, I'm Mike Newton." the guy told, shaking hands. She went to say something else but was interrupted. "She's got a great spike, huh?" inquired a girl with light brown hair pulled into a ponytail, joining the two. "I'm Jessica Stanley, by the way. Hey, you're from Boston, right?" "Yep." the other girl looked at her peculiarly, wondering what she was getting at. "Aren't people from Boston supposed to have, like, an annoying accent?" Jessica asked, glancing at Mike briefly. "The reason why I left. I just couldn't take it anymore." Cyan replied blankly, understanding why she was there. Jessica had a crush on Mike and found her to be a threat to a future relationship with him. Well, she didn't need to get her feathers ruffled. Having a boyfriend was far from her reasons of being in Forks. Possible friends, yes. That, a big N.O. The two laughed at her sarcastic reply while she subtly rolled her dark eyes. Mike pointed at her. "You're good." "That's so funny.." said the other girl falsely. Warren shrugged before returning to the resuming game, "..I try." As her back turned, she placed two fingers under her chin like a gun and mimicked to blow her brains out. It was going to be a long first day so it seemed. And~! That's chapter one of The Wilderness . So far so good? As always, let me know your thoughts & please be courteous when you do whether you liked it or not. So until the next one, this is Lovely signing off! (p.s. if anyone is curious as to what Cyan looks like, her face claim is Valerie Anne Poxleitner aka the beautiful singer Lights.) *Remember to either review, fave, or alert* (Check my profile for story updates and my tumblr side blog for the The Wilderness series music playlist, visuals, & more)