cover this?" "It was my fault that they left, that Edward left you. Alice filled me in when we got to Denali." His voice caught and he cleared his throat, continuing in a whisper. "Edward wasn't your mate, Belle. Alice and Edward had planned everything out based on her visions and lied to you…and me." He stopped, closing his eyes at the pain and confusion he could clearly read on my face as well as in my emotions. "I don't understand." Peter leaned in closer to whisper in my ear. "That pixie bitch knew who your mate was, or mates rather. She kept you from them intentionally as she liked having her pet too much." "I still don't understand. Jasper?" I tensed, waiting for his answer, already knowing what it was, but still not sure I was right. "She kept me from you, Belle. I'm your mate." With that, he closed the distance and placed a kiss on my lips, and lightly traced my lips with the tip of his tongue. "Mates, Bella." Peter whispered in my ear as he rested his hands on my hips. "You belong to both of us and we belong to you." I gasped and Jasper took full advantage as he plunged his tongue into my mouth, coaxing mine into a battle for dominance, which I gladly gave to him. Lifting my hand from his chest, I tangled my fingers in his hair, holding him to me. Standing there, pressed between the hard bodies of two vampires, both of which claimed to be my mates, I was oblivious to the outside world. Leaning back slightly, I felt Peter chuckle as he lifted a hand to brush my hair off my neck so he could nuzzle the sensitive spot just below my ear, causing me to moan into Jasper's mouth. Jasper pulled back and smiled at me. Then looked over my shoulder at something and frowned. Looking back at me, he looked like he was fighting to stay in control. "Who is that human at the bar?" Still lost in the sensations of being pressed between the two of them and enjoying Peter's ministrations a little too much, I could barely get out a "Huh?" "The man behind the bar, who is he and why is he glaring at me?" Jasper growled low causing Peter to lift his head. "Not just you Major; he's glaring at me too." Peter chuckled as he moved to nibble on my ear. "Belle who is that?" Jasper asked again. "Huh?" I moaned out as Peter bit gently on my earlobe. "Who is who?" Jasper sighed in exasperation. "Peter, back off for a minute." Peter grumbled as he placed a final kiss to my neck. "Why is it I have to back off? I was enjoying myself and it sure sounded like Bella was too." "We don't need to draw too much attention to ourselves and that man is glaring daggers at us." Jasper pulled me forward a few steps to break Peter's hold on me. "Bella, can you tell me who that is?" "Umm…" I shook my head to clear the hazy fog and looked behind my shoulder with a frown. "Oh, that's Tom. He's the owner of the bar, my boss and roommate." Jasper started growling low in his chest as his grip tightened on me. "Jasper?" I waited a few seconds, but he continued to ignore me. Placing both my hands on his face, I forced him to look at me. "Jasper, save the growling for later. Tom is no competition for you." He looked at me, reading the truth in my eyes as well as tasting my emotions. A sigh escaped his lips as he stopped growling and pulled me to him, resting his chin on my head. "Sorry bout that. Just the thought of any other man being with you drives me crazy." I giggled at the jealous vampire holding me. "That's not something you have to worry about, Jazz. I have never been with anyone else. I…" I trailed off, blushing at what I was saying out loud. "You have no idea how happy that makes me, Belle." Jasper pulled my face up so he could place a light kiss on my lips. "Dance with me?" "I would love too." I smiled up at him. "Peter? Pick us some good music." Jasper took my hand and led me out onto the dance floor. As he placed his hand on my waist and pulled me in close, the first few notes of Blake Shelton's Honey Bee could be heard over the speakers. Quite adeptly, Jasper guided me around the dance floor in a very easy two step, complete with spins that ended with a kiss as he pulled me back into his arms. As the final note played, he dipped me over his arm. I couldn't help but laugh as he pulled me back up to face him. "I could get used to this." Jasper smiled at me as he nodded to Peter. "I know you danced with Peter to this song, but I can dance to it better than he does." I quirked an eyebrow at him as I heard the first notes of TROUBLE come out of the speakers. What is it with these two and this song? "Alright, you get the same statement as Peter. Try not to kill me please." AN – So what did you think? Should we see where this takes our dancing trio? Please please let me know what you guys think. Reviews mean this is continued. Don't forget there is the FB page for updates and discussions. Just search for Bella & Jasper – Love Under a Blood Moon and you should be able to find it easily. It will be the hub for all Twilight fanfic discussions as I have Darkness as well as one shots that are in the works. If you aren't reading Darkness…I highly recommend it, lol, but I may be a bit biased.