don't leave me again." "Oh Bella." Jasper was kneeling next to the chair. Emmett passed me down to him. "I can feel the pain you are in. No human should be able to live through this. Is this what you have been feeling for the past three years?" I nodded into his chest. I didn't understand what was going on. Why was Jasper holding me? "I know you're confused right now. Can I calm you? I don't know how you deal with these emotions, Bella, but they have already brought me to my knees." "Please." I whispered. Jasper moved to place his hands on my face and I suddenly felt calm and loved. I was finally able to take a deep breath. "Thank you." "Don't thank me, if it wasn't for me you wouldn't be going through this." Jasper said as he sent me another dose of calm. "No Jasper, you were just the convenient scapegoat. He would have found another excuse to use to leave me. I accept that. I just wish he wouldn't have taken you guys away from me too." I opened my eyes and found everyone on the floor around me and Jasper. Both Emmett and Jasper's shirts were soaked thanks to my sobbing. "I'm sorry I cried all over you two." Emmett laughed. "No sweat, Bells. They're just shirts and it's not like Alice won't relish the thought of getting to replace them." I laughed, it was hard not to as it was true. I don't think Alice ever let the family wear the same clothes twice. "What time is it?" "It's just after 11:00, why?" Alice asked. "Oh hell." I sighed and moved to stand up, but with all of them on the floor around me, of course my feet got tangled up in them, so I landed on Alice. "Sorry, Alice." "Still our clumsy Bella." Alice giggled as she helped me stand up. "I need to get home. I have class in the morning." I sighed. There was a part of me that feared that this was a dream, but I still had to go and be responsible. Damn. "Umm, thank you for everything." Rose stood up and pulled me into a hug. "I'm sorry that horrid excuse of a brother hurt you. We never wanted to leave you, not even me." I smiled and hugged her back. "Thanks, Rose." She leaned back to look at me. "Will you do me a favor?" "Depends on what it is." She laughed. "Nothing too hard, I promise. Let Emmett or Jasper take you home. And come back tomorrow. We need to catch up and I, well we would like to be here for you." "I…are you sure?" Alice sighed. "We are all sure. Please let the guys take you home and let us know when to pick you up tomorrow. We want you here with us." "Well, ok then." I headed towards the door, the guys close behind me. "I guess I will see you two tomorrow." We walked out of the room and I sighed. It was such a tiring night and it all hit me at once. I leaned against the wall as we waited for the elevator. "Are you ok, Bella?" Jasper asked. "It was just a really tiring night. I had been holding those feelings in for so long that I am now just drained and can't wait to sleep." I let me eyes slide closed. Just as I heard the elevator doors open, I felt arms go under my knees and my back so I was being held bridal style. "Huh?" "I got you, Bella. We'll get you home." "Thanks, Jasper." I laid my head on his shoulder, not bothering to argue. "I'm in the apartments just the other side of the park Emmett found me in." As we exited the elevator, I heard Emmett chuckle. "We will get you there, I promise." We were almost out of the hotel when Jasper stopped. "I wonder why Garrett is here." "I sensed him earlier when I brought Bella here. This doesn't seem like his scene." "No, it doesn't." Jasper shrugged and kept moving. "Maybe we will find out later. Right now we need to get sleeping beauty home." I must have fallen asleep as the next thing I know Emmett is poking me in the side. "Bells, we need your keys to open your door." I reached into my pocket and handed them to him, not bothering to ask how they knew which unit was mine. Scent, that's right, that's how they would have found it. Jasper carried me through to my bedroom and laid me down on the bed. Emmett pulled off my shoes before pulling the blanket over my body. I sighed as I settled into my bed. "Thanks, guys." Jasper chuckled. "No worries, Bella. We will see you tomorrow. Give us a call after class lets out and we will come get you. I programmed our numbers in your phone for you." "Sneaky vampires." I fell asleep before they had even left my bedroom, not thinking to wonder how they would have locked the door behind them when they left. So…what did y'all think? I don't expect this to be a long story, but that could always change. As always, your thoughts are always welcome. If you have a favorite line from this chapter, please share. My fav just happens to be from our boy Emmett… "No sweat, Bells. They're just shirts and it's not like Alice won't relish the thought of getting to replace them." Don't forget there is the FB page for updates and discussions. Just search for Bella & Jasper – Love Under a Blood Moon and you should be able to find it easily. It will be the hub for all Twilight fanfic discussions as I have Darkness as well as one shots that are in the works. If you aren't reading Darkness…I highly recommend it, lol, but I may be a bit biased.