pre-judged her, before she'd even met her, and how fair was that? She'd never actually given her an opportunity to prove herself. Tanya uncrossed her legs, and Bella prepared to stand, expecting to be shown out. But at that moment there were the sound of footsteps from the hallway, and a moment later an attractive older woman stepped into the room with a little girl on her hip, who with her strawberry curls and green eyes could only be Elizabeth. "Oh, I'm sorry dear," the older woman addressed Tanya, "I hope I'm not interrupting, I didn't know you had guests. I'm just dropping the little one off, I've got to head off to my book club. But we've had a lovely day, haven't we my sweet?" "Saw the ducks, Mama," the little girl crowed, "and had sammiches!" The older woman turned her attention towards Bella. "Hello," she said. "I'm Esme Cullen. I don't believe we've met?" "Oh, no, we haven't," Bella said quickly, getting to her feet. "I'm Bella." "Isabella was here to see me about the nanny position," Tanya said, also getting to her feet. "I didn't realise how time had gotten away from me. Thank you very much for bringing her back, Esme." Tanya reached for her daughter, who Esme passed over with a kiss to the top of her head. "Oh, aren't you just filthy," Tanya said, tugging at her daughter's dress, which - as far as Bella could see - was pristine. "Right, we'll have to get you straight into a bath, you know your Daddy likes to see you all clean and pretty when he comes home." Elizabeth had spied Bella, and was staring at her with round eyes over her mother's shoulder. Bella smiled widely at her, and gave her a small wave. "Hello," Elizabeth said, very clearly. "What's your name?" "Hi, I'm Bella," Bella replied. "And I already know who you are, you're Elizabeth, aren't you?" "Yes," the little girl replied, with a slight lisp. "I'm three and a half." She held up three fingers carefully. "That's this many. How many are you?" "I'm twenty-two," Bella replied. "That's more fingers than I have. But if you put all of my fingers together with all of your fingers, and then two of your toes - that's how many I am." "Wow," Elizabeth said, her eyes growing rounder. "You're nearly as many as my Mommy!" Bella glanced at Tanya quickly, estimating the other woman to be no more than twenty six or twenty seven. She was smiling tightly at her daughter's words, with no real hint of amusement on her face. Esme's smile was more genuine. "Well," she said, "If we're revealing our ages then I believe that's my cue to leave. I've been telling the ladies in my bridge club that I'm still fifty for nearly ten years now, I can't have the truth getting out." "Yes, well I'll need to get Elizabeth upstairs and into a bath." Tanya turned to Bella, her expression still tight and cool. "Thank you for coming today, Isabella. I will be in contact once I have spoken with my husband. If you'd like to follow me, I will show you out." "Oh, there's no need for that," Esme said. "I'm heading out that way, Bella you can follow me." "Thank you, Esme," Tanya said, and without another glance at Bella she headed into the hallway. "Bye, Bella!" Elizabeth called from over her mother's shoulder. "See you, Elizabeth. It was nice to meet you." Bella quickly gathered her handbag, which she'd settled down at her feet, and when she looked up again Tanya and Elizabeth were gone and Esme was watching her. "She's a sweet girl," the other woman said, and for a moment Bella wasn't sure whether she meant her daughter in law or her granddaughter. "And I wish I could see more of her. We have her Tuesday and Thursday mornings at the moment. And her other grandparents have her on Wednesdays. She doesn't seem to mind being shuffled about, though. She's such a friendly little soul. But it would be nice to see some consistency." She headed out into the hallway, and Bella followed. She noticed the artwork on the walls this time, and even recognised a few pieces from the Art History course she'd taken as a freshman. It would have been pretty amazing to work in a place like this, she thought, not without a hint of regret. The Bowen's had been wealthy, too - Caroline's father was a Lord - but their home had felt much more lived in. Nothing like this. From what Bella had seen, this place was more like a show piece than a house. "Now, Alice, however," Esme said, as they reached the double front doors, "she doesn't care much for upheaval at all. She likes her routines, that one, I guess they make her feel safe and secure, and with everything she's gone through that is to be expected. I don't suppose you met Alice today?" "Uh, no," Bella said, not entirely sure how to tell this woman that her appearance had aborted what had been a fairly disastrous interview, as far as interviews went. "Well, I expect you'll meet her soon enough," Esme continued, stepping back so Bella could pass through the doorway first. "It's a difficult age she's at. And she's always was such an independent young thing. She has a real sense of individualism, that girl. I don't know where she gets it from. Maybe from her poor mother, bless her. She, too was so very strong willed. Yes, indeed she was. Anyway, it was lovely meeting you and I'm sure we'll run into each other again very soon. You have a lovely day, Bella." "You too, Mrs Cullen." Bella headed down the path towards the gates as the older woman slid into the driver's seat of a sleek black Mercedes, thinking that it was highly doubtful she would see any of these people again.