would react to Esme. He didn't know how willingly he would accept her, if he would want her with them, or how he would treat her. Carlisle himself was surprised that this didn't bother him as much as he thought it should have. He hoped Edward would warm to Esme, but he didn't want to leave her again. Then he heard those all familiar heavy footsteps on the ground outside, kicking dirt as if instinctively as they went. Edward entered into Carlisle's field of vision. Edward was ironically hard to read in this moment. His shoulders were slumped and his eyes pointed down, a seemingly sombre gesture, but Carlisle knew this was a neutral stance for him. Edward was no open book, his pages were blank to anyone but himself. There were moments of clarity in which he felt himself growing closer to Edward, and moments in which Edward would turn to Carlisle for guidance, but these were punctuated by Edward's cautiousness and Carlisle's comfort in solitude. Carlisle left Esme's side to open the door. It was a gesture of welcoming and acceptance more than anything. Both of them knew this and Edward returned his acceptance, and willingly walked straight through the door passed Carlisle. He watched Edward as he approached the sofa where Esme lay. Edward sat on the edge of the walnut coffee table and watched her with a strangely cautious curiosity. "Why her, in particular, then?" Edward looked up at Carlisle, who was still stood at the door. "Her name is Esme," Edward remained silent, now watching Carlisle with a raised eyebrow. "I met her ten years ago, when she was sixteen," Carlisle didn't need to be prompted to recall the memory in perfectly refined detail. He watched as Edward processed the detail, coming to his own silent conclusion and nodding slowly. "She remembers you," he stated, this time boding to Esme. "She cannot place your voice yet, but she remembers it. Her human memories are adjusting themselves, reorganising." Carlisle suddenly found himself self conscious of his every word. "What else does Esme remember?" "Apart from you? She remembers who she is. I'm not getting whole memories, snippets more so. I can see a newborn child. Sick, apparently. I can see a cliff-" "Yes, she fell," Carlisle retorted. There was a concern behind Edward's eyes. It was a strange mix of horror and confusion. He looked Carlisle straight in the eyes with the lines of someone much older than himself upon his forehead. "No, she jumped, Carlisle," Edward looked down at Esme on the sofa. "That memory is the clearest of all of them. The baby and then the cliff," Carlisle pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and pointer finger. "No, no." He all but moaned under his breath. Edward's expression moved to one of mild distress. "Carlisle, Esme thinks she's dying, being punished..." In any other time Carlisle would have tried to offer some comfort to Edward, as much as he would accept, but he made the quickest movement he had made in the last three days. He leaned across Edward and grasped both of Esme's hands where they lay at her side. She seemed exhausted by the transformation, but he hoped that it was a sign of the burning waning. She lay in silence except for her laboured breathing, and her eyes were parted slightly. Carlisle could have fooled himself to believe that she was watching him, but he knew it was likely that she could see very little at all, if not only darkness, even in the later stages of her transformation. She cried silently as the very last of the human fluids departed from her body. "No," Carlisle repeated once again. "Esme, please listen to me. You deserve no suffering, and I will do-" He stopped briefly, correcting himself, "-have done, all that is in my capabilities to stop it," Carlisle felt as if he had entered a contract with Esme, as he had done with Edward three years ago. He had a duty to guide them in this life, being the one who brought them into it himself. He carried on, reassuring Esme, repeating himself over and over as his promise became a mantra. He was mildly aware of Edward beside them and he looked up at him from where he sat next to Esme. "Is it too much? You could-" Edward shook his head. He wore the strangest of fond smiles that Carlisle could not read. "No, I will stay," Edward reassured "Her memories are becoming clearer, and her heart is making the final push. I give her an hour." Carlisle nodded, surprised that he hadn't noticed himself, that Esme was so close to awakening. He knew he should have felt pleased, but nerves washed over him. "I shouldn't of done this." She committed suicide. I denied her what she wanted. "No, Carlisle. She recognises and remembers you more clearly now." Edward smiled, this time the pages of his book were full of Edward's spider like scrawl. I am no psychic, and I know what she wanted three days ago as if they had been my own thoughts, but the more you speak to her, the more her thoughts change." Carlisle didn't need another cue to turn back to Esme. Author's note: I came across a copy of a Carlisle/Esme fan-fiction that I wrote when I was 12 (I am now 18!) and it was awful, thankfully never uploaded. I haven't touched anything related to twilight since this time really, but I wanted to have a go at rewriting it to see how my writing had changed, so here we go! I have a lot of time on my hands before I go off to university in two months, but it can take me a while to write a chapter and even longer to edit it (I'm dyslexic, perhaps that explains it!) I would really love it if you told me what you thought of my first chapter.