And within minutes he was finished. When I looked at myself I saw a slightly paler version of the me with makeup on. And I had a few cuts from when mikes ring hit my face. There were bruises on my body that were going to be worst tomorrow that you couldn't see and my cheek was forming a shadow, that would be worst tomorrow. I tried to cover up my face but Edward stopped me and told me that first I didn't need to cover up I was already perfect, and then two that my make up could infect the cuts on my face. So when I was ready we walked back into the bar area an had a seat. "Hey Bella what- What happened to your face?" Jacob had notice me sit down and when he turned to look at me I guess my face was getting bruised faster then I thought. "Oh Jake noting its fine look im going to head out for tonight because Im tired and really need to escape so Ill pay and then be on my way." I paid for the drink and said goodnight. Edward walked me out. "Bella Im sorry about tonight really I wish it would have been different really. Would you go on a date with me this weekend if your not busy? And how about not at a bar?" I looked at him and he looked hopeful and he was so kind I accepted and decide to give him my number he told me to call him when I got home and told him I would , He walked me to my care and watched me drive away.I pulled up my drive way and got inside changed my clothes and put my hair in a messy bun. I had my glasses on and I called My mom,Alice,and Roslie and told them all what happened , they were all pissed and promised mike was a dead man after we talked I went ahead and dialed Edwards number. Ring! -Oh maybe he isn't home. Ring!- Well I could try again another time. Ring! -Ok Im going to hang up , or sould I leave a voice mail? (AN: Bella is in Bold and Edward is not ) Ri-" Hello?" Oh there he is , He sound just as great over the phone. "Helloo?" Oh answer him right. "Hey Edward it me umm Isabella ? I dont know if you remember me from tonight, But yeah thats me. I mean its me. Umm so I dont know if you remember but You told me or asked me to call you when I got home I hope this isn't a bad time for you or anything because then I could call you back... Or not I could not call you back to if you want. I mean do you want that? For me to not call you back? Do you remember you gave me your number? Sorry I keep asking you if you remember . Im not saying you are not smart well yeah ok so oh did I tell you who this is- "Isabella?" "-Yeah its me Isabella you could call me Bella thought everyone calls me Bella , even the lady at the store downtown call me Bella , not that I dont like the name its cool I mean its my name-" "Isabella?" "-Im sorry im rambling right now and you probably dont want to date me I mean who would im Plain Jane , haha its funny because you are amazing and well yeah are you busy ? Well Im going to go. Your amazing tonight agian thank you for helping me out. Errr umm bye Edward." "ISABELLA WAIT!" He called after me. "Yeah?" I was confused as to why he was still on the phone with me? "I do remember who you are silly goose , You are the beautiful girl I met today at the bar.I will go on another date with you this Saturday if you dont mind? And wear something casual that you might not mind getting dirty , Oh and you are simply adorable when you ramble. So are we on for Saturday at 1:00 pm ? I could pick you up?" He sounded unsure. I was positive he wasn't the stalker type so I gave him my address and agreed to the date. "I look forward to seeing you again goodnight Ma belle Bella." He speaks french! And he is so sweet. "Bonne nuit Edward vous revoir, et merci de me sauver de ce soir." His sharp intake of breath caused me to think he was surprised. "Pas de problème Bella, et s'il vous plaît garder de me surprendre." He sound hot speaking french. "Je vais Edward et Bonne nuit." I yawned. "Bonsoir ma belle bella" And he hung up I was so tired. I went straight to bed AN: Hey everyone what did you think? Good? Bad? Great? Please Review and let me know? Thanks oh and here is a little translation... Ma belle Bella- My Beautiful Bella Bonne nuit Edward vous revoir, et merci de me sauver de ce soir.- Goodnight Edward see you again, and thank you for saving me tonight. Pas de problème Bella, et s'il vous plaît garder de me surprendre..- No problem Bella,And please keep surprising me Je vais Edward et Bonne nuit- I will and goodnight Bonsoir ma belle bella- Goodnight my beautiful Bella I hope you all enjoyed this I will still be updating my other story that I have started as well and I will have the same things If you follow and favorite you get a nice preview of upcoming chapters and shutouts, and you get to have a few of you Ideas put into the next chapter so do what you will and see you soon I will be doing shutouts (If anyone Follows and Favorites this Friday :) For both stories As well as a Update for Hopeless) Night, :)