was the one that killed James, not Edward, and you have put Bella's life in danger, for which you will pay with your own life." I smiled weakly at the authority with which Jasper spoke. With him being here I knew nothing was going to happen to me. He would protect me from any more pain at the hands of Victoria and would protect me from Edward as well if needed. "Jasper." Edward snarled from the doorway. "Leave her to me and get Bella out of here." "Are you sure Edward?" Jasper asked, not taking his eyes from Victoria's. Just then my whole body jerked and I felt a burn slowly build in my neck. I whimpered, scared that I might not survive this ordeal after all. "Jasper." Jasper backed up a step so that his leg was touching mine, letting me know he was there. "We will have you out of here soon, Bells." I reached forward with my right hand using what was left of my energy, felt his leg and grabbed onto his pants. "It…burns." "I didn't let any of my venom get into your system, Bells. Don't worry." Jasper turned his attention back to Victoria. He apparently thought something as Edward launched himself at Victoria with a loud snarl. Victoria screeched as Edward landed on her. She tried to fight him off, but he was always prepared for her every move. I watched Edward take her down through half closed eyes only to jerk my eyes back to Jasper as another wave pulsed from my neck. "Jazz…please." Jasper turned back to me and leaned over me, brushing my hair from my face. He hissed as his action revealed the bite on my neck. "Damnit!" He hissed. "I'm heading back to the house. Carlisle needs to look her over." There was a loud screech and a growl, then silence. Edward sighed. "I will clean up here then. Take care of her Jasper." "I will." Jasper leaned over and put his arm under my knees and his other behind my back by my shoulders. "Alright, Bells, this is gonna hurt but I'm gonna get you back to the house as quickly as possible." I felt him lift me up into his arms and I snuggled closer to his chest. The cold of his skin felt good on my overheated body. "Don't…leave…me." Jasper tightened his arms around me as a sob broke through his normally stoic demeanor. "Bells, I won't leave you, I promise." "Thanks." I sighed and curled my good arm around his neck, holding on for dear life. "Don't let him…stop…this time." "What are you talking about Bells? Don't let who stop what?" Jasper asked, not stopping his mad dash back to the house. "Edward." I gasped as a wave of fire spread out from the bite in my neck. "I want this…you…stay." Jasper's steps faltered slightly in shock, but he quickly composed himself and pushed himself to run faster. After a few minutes of running, he stopped, still miles away from the house. "Bells, I need to ask you a question." I pulled my arm from his neck and pushed back enough to look up into his face, noticing yet again how handsome he was. "You're…worried." "What?" He frowned as he looked down into my eyes. "Worried…accent…coming out." I smiled at him. "Shouldn't…hide it." "Oh Bells, you're delirious." Jasper chuckled softly. "Are you sure you want the change? I will honor your choice either way." "Jazz…its time." I closed my eyes and stifled a moan as another wave of fire washed through me. "Thought it would…be more constant." "What would be?" Jasper walked over to a tree and sat down, leaning against the trunk. "The pain…comes in…waves." I spoke around another wave of pain. "Damn." Jasper growled low. "She must not have had time to do it right, or she wanted your change to be prolonged." I tried to ask what he was talking about, but just then the fire flared to a new life and lasted longer than the other waves. Gritting my teeth, I looked into his eyes questioningly. "The bite. She either didn't have time or didn't take the time to properly inject you with her venom. At the rate you are currently experiencing everything, it will take you longer than the normal three days to complete the change, but also I don't think anyone could stop it at this point either. You have been experiencing it for too long to stop the spread." Jasper whispered. "Good." I hissed through clenched teeth and closed my eyes. "Said…I want…this." Jasper took my hand from his chest and held it up looking at the bite mark James had left so long ago. "I don't want you to suffer Bells." "I will…survive this…Jazz." I opened my eyes to stare into his black ones. "Worried…don't be." "I need to get you back to Carlisle; maybe he could give you more venom to speed up the process. I will get you home as quickly as possible." He kissed my wrist and laid it back on his shoulder where I had it before. "No!" I hissed out. "You…before Edward…finds out." "Bella, not me, you don't want me to do that." He shook his head at me. "Besides, there is nothing Edward could do now to stop the change other than to…" "Kill me." I finished for him. "You…trust…please." Jasper looked down at me and sighed. "Why do you trust me so much? No one else does and they have known me longer." A/N – so guys, what did you think? Almost got the next chapter ready for reading. Send me some reviews, as reviews make a writer move faster, I promise. As I am doing with LUBM, if you have questions for the characters themselves, then ask away. I'm sure I can wrangle them into answering ya'll. Ok, I'm off to edit and talk with my muses. Favorite line: Dangle eternity like a carrot, see what she will do.