was. "Kiss me." Swallowing, he leaned forward, moving his grip to my long hair and pulling me impossibly tighter into him. I think I may have moaned when his mouth touched mine. I wasn't really sure. The various parts of my body that lit on fire had my attention more than my subconscious vocalizations. And then my hands crawled up his body, quite of their own volition, unzipping his jeans, passing over his erection. He hissed out a breath, breaking away from the kiss to stiffen up and stare downwards where my hand was cupping him. I could see him being torn looking down at it, loving the sight of it and hating it all at the same time. I could see it on his face. Revulsion and lust. The dude needed more alcohol. His dick was exactly what I had expected from someone like him: perfect. Not gigantic, definitely not small, thick and slightly intimidating. Perfect. I told him so. He didn't answer me, his eyes flashing dangerously. I lowered to my knees, an angel kneeling before a Greek god. Boldly from the alcohol, I gripped his length and flicked out my tongue against the head. He groaned at that first sensation. And I kept him groaning, wanting to hear that noise always. My tongue was busy, my throat stretching to fit his whole cock in my mouth. His hands were knotted in my hair, encouraging me onwards, begging me to take more, to taste more. I wondered how many times I'd thought about this. Pleasuring him and hearing him say my name as he groaned, feeling his length sliding past my lips and filling my mouth. More importantly, how many times had he imagined the same thing? Of course, I'd left out the part of that fantasizing in which reality invaded – such as the temperature being cold enough to make hell freeze over and the ground feeling like cement on my bare knees and how my jaw was straining to accommodate Mr. Mas – Edward. If I was giving him a blowjob, I felt I deserved the right to call him by his first name. Edward. I tried it out, taking a short pause in my ministrations to breathily say, "Oh, Edward." That got his attention – as if a blowjob hadn't already – and his eyes jerked to mine, bright green as always while I stared upwards in return. I couldn't understand his expression, but, then again, I was distracted. "Get up," he ordered harshly. Confused, I did as he asked, wondering if he didn't like my technique or me using his first name, if he'd changed his mind. "Hang onto the tree." His voice was angry, like nails scraping me. I didn't care. The bark was rough and scraggy under my fingertips. My rear was jutted out in perfect vulnerability and Edward took advantage of this, slowly lifting my skirt. He trailed his nails over my thighs to tease me and it raised goose bumps on my skin. The gust of frigid air that hit my exposed skin left me even more desperately turned on and in need of relief. Edward was taking his sweet time in pushing down my panties – or maybe it wasn't long at all – and lightly gliding a finger over my clit. I shivered at the contact and pushed my ass out further, hoping for him to get the message. "Please fuck me," I begged when body language failed me. Small splinters were lodged under my nails where I was clinging to the tree anxiously. Edward groaned a little. I assumed that somewhere in the back of every straight male's brain, there was a little part that was just dying to hear a chick begging to be fucked by him. More animalistic now, he ripped my angel wings off, tossing them at his feet and pressing himself against me. I felt the tip of his erection, insistent, and I felt a surge of excitement and fear. I couldn't go back from this once it was done. It would be final. I would have always and forever had sex with Mr. Edward Anthony Masen, a man twenty-one years my senior. But then again, why would I want to take it back? I'd only wanted this for how long? I didn't have time to question as such thoughts fell from my brain in one thrust. Wrong or not, he was not gentle with me. I didn't want him to be. I wanted to be sore, to remember these moments in explicit detail tomorrow when I ached. That's all that I would have, the memories. Grasping the tree tighter still, I ground my teeth, hissing as I breathed and begged, "Harder." I moaned loudly as he complied, thinking I might break and not caring anyway. I had never been taken this roughly before, never had my hair pulled like a guiding rein. He was everywhere, hands clawing at me even as I reached behind me, touching his abdomen, his thighs, whatever I could reach. It didn't matter. Every part of me moved to his punishing rhythm and only the protesting in my calves told me how extreme this truly was as I rocked back and forth, barely able to keep from moaning. I might not have noticed otherwise, but he bent low over me, forcing me down further as my legs ached, his hand leaving my hip to coerce my body towards orgasm regardless of my discomfort. He knew what he was doing; I mewled as he working my clit over, concentrated on those indelicate, little circles. Even as our first time – our only time – we were picking up speed together. He was getting close, bowed over my back, his breath harsh in my ear, sounding like music anyway. I was tingling everywhere and my toes dug into the forest floor through my shoes, my body tense. God, so close. "Bella!" an all-too-familiar voice yelled from the porch. Alice. *V*V*V*V*