to live with." "She loves you completely Edward. When she's here talking to your grave she is at peace in a way I haven't seen anywhere else since you called to get us here. She won't stop even if she gives in to Jacob. She deserves some real happiness. I regret my actions took that away from her. You know my answer." Although I had forgiven Jasper his lapse in judgement all those years ago he still felt responsible for my final decision to leave you and what it did to the both of us. Alice simply smiles at me. I don't need her confirmation. I've had it for years now. "Son we are with you on this. We are ready." Carlisle's calm and grounding voice breaks through my thoughts and panic. "It is the kindest thing to do. We will support her I promise." "The pain …" My voice trails off as I contemplate the reality of what my choice would involve for you. How can I put you through the agony I know from experience is so debilitating. You are meant to protect the one you love with every fibre of your being; not knowingly put them through a baptism of fire. "Is inevitable Edward but I promise we will do as much as possible to make her comfortable. It's a few days of pain versus a lifetime of pain for her and even longer length of time for you to endure the loss. It will be worth it son." You scramble to your knees now and I realise my time of procrastination is now nearing its end. Let you leave to continue your human existence or make the choice to keep you by my side for eternity? The selfish side of me wins out. I've gone without you for far too long. It appears to me that you feel the same way and I need to know that you are genuinely happy in whatever life you are living. My choice is made and within a short few seconds I am no longer watching you from the shadows. I am by your side and your scent is overpoweringly perfect. You haven't even made it completely to your feet yet when I take you in my arms and elatedly whisper your name into your ear. For a few confused moments you tense up in fear and then suddenly collapse into my chest in disbelieving relief when my lips ghosts against the silkiness of your neck. "Edward …please," Before I can second guess my decision I react to your heartfelt plea and sink my teeth into that soft spot below your ear. The moment of piercing brings about a litany of emotions so strong I feel that I'm completely overwhelmed and will never be able to stop this motion of consuming you. Your blood is like the finest wine and slips down my throat in enticing rivulets of ecstasy but along with it I come to the realisation that your mind that has always been so silent to me is abruptly open to me and every thought and emotion you've ever had hits me like a sledgehammer. I see our relationship in slow motion from the first meeting in Biology class to the agonising re-enactment of me leaving. I see your attempts to get on with life without me nor my family and the torment that had resulted from my abandonment. I feel the all-consuming love you have for me even in my absence and above all I am privy to your sudden relief and elation that I have returned to save you from this life of loss and loneliness. You want to be with me. You want to stand by me throughout whatever the future brings for us. You have no misgivings even as I drain your blood from your body. You love me unconditionally and trust me implicitly to stop….. I needed to stop. Your trust should not go unrewarded but oh the bliss of taking a part of you into myself was like a drug and surely a little more would not do any more harm than I'd already inflicted on you. "Edward that's enough." Carlisle urged. "You can do this son, it is Bella. You need to find a way to stop." It is you… my Bella. I slowly, slowly remove my teeth from your fair skin and struggle to move away and focus on your lifeless body. I am in a drunken haze and I can't find it in me to put together the words I need to determine if I have gone too far. Are you still with me or have I lost you altogether in my attempt to keep you forever? I feel the rough hands of my brothers who had obviously attempted to get me to stop without any success. I had been so entrenched in the euphoria of absorbing your life force and your emotions that they'd had no real chance without harming you further. Now their arms were simply restricting me if I was tempted to return to finish off the normal cycle of a vampire. They need not worry. I was not a normal vampire and my love for you was now streaming through the blood lust that had overtaken me moments before. "I didn't… I haven't… she's not…." With a slight twitch your fingers move and your closed eyes struggle open to focus on me and I realise that I have managed to halt before irreparable damage in the form of death occurred to take you from me permanently. The smallest of smiles edges your mouth open and I quickly rearrange myself so I can show you I am listening as you breath out your last words as a human. "Thank you…." And then your mouth constricts into a silent scream and I know that you are on the agonising road to being one of us…. …..to being my true mate for the rest of our immortal existence.