ken and I am sorry, sweeting. I dinnae want to draw attention to where ye hid, just in case. But 'tis all over now. I am loathe to tell ye, but yer village lies in ruins. I am truly sorry for all yer pain and loss." Edward rubbed soothing circles on her back as he spoke. "What will happen now?" she softly asked, hearing the stirring of the others behind her. "Tis over. The orders have been deemed filled and all troops are pulling out. No more shall fall. If it pleases thee, we shall return to my home in the Lowlands. Build our house and live the rest of our lives in peace. I resigned my commission and Captain Campbell was forced to accept it. We are free to leave." Edward's answer soothed Isabella's soul. "Aye. I would like that very much." Isabella's parents and the McCartys stepped closer. "What shall all of ye do?" she asked them. "We will rebuild our town. We're a strong lot and willnae let the English triumph over us. Glen Coe will thrive again." Charles answered with one small, but definitive nod. Isabella hummed in agreement. They would all pick up the broken pieces of their lives and fit them back together again. She had lost much, but gained a love that was irreplaceable in exchange. Isabella was all too happy to be at her husband's side, where together they would build a home and, she hoped, a large family to fill their lives and hearts to bursting with love. ~~ MUT ~~ One year later Isabella panted as she rocked her hips over her husband's staff. Her protruding belly had made being intimate difficult of late, but Edward loved nothing more than a challenge. He found her round stomach and fuller breasts enamoring and was more than happy to help satisfy her ravenous hormones. "Edward," she keened and ground harder into him. The sound of her needy voice combined with the visual of her flushed skin and swaying breasts were almost Edward's undoing. Fortunately for both of them, his stamina had grown in bounds since the start of their marriage. "That's it, my Bella," he murmured as his fingers stroked her most intimate spot, "Let yer pleasure come." With a sharp yell, Isabella lost herself to the abyss, bringing her husband along with her. She leaned over him wearily as she surfaced again and Edward lifted his arms to cradle her into a laying position next to him. Isabella pushed at her long hair that was sticking to her sweaty skin. She sighed loudly with satisfaction and brushed a kiss along his jaw. "Mmm, husband. Thou are always more than accommodating in filling my carnal hunger," she giggled. "I suppose we should rise and tend to our guests?" Edward grunted, all too content to hold his sweet and very pregnant wife in his arms. "Aye. I might have a thing or two to do at the shop as well." "Ye'll not go too far, will ye?" Isabella asked, feeling a tightening of muscles across her abdomen. Her lips lifted up in the hopes that their little one would make his appearance soon and did not want Edward too far to be reached in time for him to witness the arrival. "Nay, my love. My da will make any deliveries so I shall be at the apothecary, should yer father come to find me if needed." His hand rubbed over a lump where an elbow or knee of their child poked out from beneath Isabella's skin. He leaned over and kissed her belly, making Isabella grin with delight. He helped her out of bed and they dressed, Isabella still insisting on wrapping Edward's plaid around his waist and pinning it at his shoulder. As the lovers exited their room, they were greeted with the smell of fresh cooked bacon. "Mama, that smells wonderful," Isabella complimented and moved closer to steal a slice. "Morning, daughter." Renee glanced knowingly at her. "Isabella, ye might have to keep a bit more quiet once the babe comes. Wouldnae want little ears hearing such sounds." Isabella blushed scarlet. She couldn't believe her parents had heard the morning activities. "Don't be so embarrassed, child. I remember my hunger for yer father when I had ye in my belly. I don't blame ye, and it sounded like yer husband satisfied those needs." Renee winked at Isabella's appalled expression. "I'm simply saying that thee might have to learn to make quieter sounds, is all." Isabella out her hands on her hips. "Oh, and thee think I dinnae hear ye and da when I was growing up?" she sassed. Renee's mouth fell open in shock for a moment before she let out a loud belly laugh. "Well, we tried. I suppose sometimes yer father's staff was more than I could handle." "Mama!" Isabella cried and whirled away to tend to setting the table for breakfast. Charles entered with firewood in hand to see his wife smirking as she cooked, his daughter muttering under her breath as she placed out plates, and his son-in-law standing in a corner and looking for all the world like he wished to be anywhere else on Earth. Soon enough breakfast was ready and the four gathered round the table to eat. Isabella looked around at her parents whom she hadn't seen in a year and her husband whom she fell more in love with everyday. A smile graced her face as happiness bubbled in her soul. She gently stroked one hand over her belly to soothe the wiggling child inside. Her little Masen Charles Cullen. A boy, she was sure of it. She never would have guessed how full her life would be this time last year. Her world had been turned upside down, but now life was starting anew and she couldn't have asked for a more perfect outcome. Reviews are like Scottishward whispering dirty, sweet nothings in your ear...while he takes you from behind. ;o)