girl's head would've exploded if that were possible. Kelsie and I were stronger than ever, and she stopped calling me a "whore" when she really meant that I looked beautiful. It was Saturday, and the three of us were hanging out at home with a handful of college acceptance letters we were too afraid to open. Damon and I talked about what we would do if we did or didn't get accepted into the same college. "OK, I say on three we open our letters and see if we got accepted or not!" Kelsie chirped as she held her letter from LSU. She had family down in Louisiana, and it also happened to be her mom's alma mater. When we finally got the nerve to count to three, we all ripped open all of our letters. I had applied to a bunch of different schools, but the one I wanted most was one of the State University of New York schools-to be more precise, the Fashion Institute of Technology! Some of the most famous fashion designers had gone to that school, like Calvin Klein to name one. "Oh gimme that, you're too chicken, ya know!" Kelsie said as she swiped the letter from me. She quickly ripped open the envelope, and her expression was blank. I couldn't tell whether I should celebrate or get out the fat free ice cream! "Spit it out, Kelsie, the anticipation is killing me!" I about shrieked. Damon wrapped a calming hand around my waist and squeezed gently to calm me. "It says…that you… got in ! You got accepted into that fashion school! Congrats, Bree!" I couldn't believe it. I hoped that I would get into the fashion school, but I suppose that a part of me was preparing to get a rejection letter! "Are you serious?! That is amazing! Did you get into LSU? I know that that's what you're really wanting." Kelsie skimmed through the different letters and found the one from LSU, and after she looked it over, he had the biggest grin on her face! "Looks like I'm going to be a LSU Tiger! What about you, Day? Did you get accepted into SUNY like your girlfriend here?" Kelsie asked playfully. Damon skimmed through his letter, and I was chewing my bottom lip so hard, I'm surprised I had any of it left. "Well, it says that they looked at my application, and they liked what they saw… Looks like you're stuck with me, babe, I got in!" Damon said with a huge smile. I squealed and hugged him tightly. I had been prepared to have the talk about what we would do about a long distance relationship if..." or "talk about what we would do about the distance if he didn't get accepted into the same college as me, but I was relieved that we wouldn't have to have that conversation! "What's with all the yelling?" my mom asked as she walked through the living room. The three of us held up our acceptance letters, and I told her the good news about me being accepted into the fashion institute I wanted to go to. "You know who would also be really excited about this? Edward, would definitely be proud of us." Kelsie said with a wide grin. She was right, Edward would be excited to know that we got into the schools we wanted, and I couldn't wait to tell him. Today would be one of my last sessions with him for the foreseeable future, it was nearing the end of the school year, and after school ended Kelsie, Damon, and I would all hang out for the first half of the summer, but then we would go our separate ways. Damon offered to drive me to my workout session with Edward, and Kelsie decided to tag along. When we got there, all three of us bombarded Edward with all of the good news. Edward congratulated all of us. I asked how Bella—his wife—and the baby were doing. He told me that Bella was doing great, and the baby was right on track in his or her development. "I take it that once school's out that, I will no longer be seeing you around here." "Aww, don't get all mushy on me, Edward. I'll still be home for the holidays, so I can give you and your family a hard time when I'm in town," I said. I couldn't help but smile. It was amazing how far I'd come from two years ago. Two years ago, I was anorexic and to the point of serious medical intervention" or something along those lines? Now I was back at a healthy weight, and I was slowly regaining a healthy relationship with food. I still had hard days where I have to remind myself to have more than just a granola bar for the day, but I had good days as well; there were days I ate so much that I swore I gained ten pounds just from eating dinner. I had Edward to thank for that as well. Edward was there at my lowest point, he showed me that I didn't have to starve myself to get to a more healthier version of myself. I knew that I would still have struggles with my eating disorder, but I also now knew that I was capable of eating properly without withholding food from myself. My dad and Nick are happy as ever. It's great that mine and Paul's relationship with our father seems to be on the mend. In one of the monthly letters I get from him, I found out that he and Nick were currently trying to adopt. Everything seemed to be going well for me now. I just needed to remember one thing: As long as I loved myself, that was all that mattered to me. " To me, beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin. It's about knowing and accepting who you are." -Ellen DeGeneres