that he booked. I went to the practice room with Emily and began pressing random keys on the piano until I had a random melody in my mind that I could not get out of my head. I decided to record it using my phone, it had no lyrics, but the melody was perfect. After 2 hours, Edward was finally ready to leave so we went to have lunch, then I dropped him off at home. He was a little distant after that week, I had no idea what his problem was. It could have something to do with what I said to him, but then he always acted kind of strange. Weeks passed and we continued being lovey dovey in public, but in private Edward would always act strange. Maybe that trip was a mistake, or it maybe it just wasn't meant to be. I was literally counting down the days until our arrangement was over, I liked him. But I couldn't pretend anymore, I wanted every moment with him to be like we were in public. I did not want warm caring Edward one moment, and cold and distant Edward the next. "Emily I can't do this anymore" I told her, while I was in a dressing room getting ready for another talk show, which was going to talk about my new album and my movie, that I had just finished filming. "Just a couple more months, Bella" she said, "Just 5 more months, but he has changed Bella" "Its been 7 months Emily I think I have feelings for him" I whispered harshly to her "This wasn't part of the deal" She hugged me "Maybe we can talk to Rosalie and the label" I smiled and thanked her, before walking on stage. I was happy that Edward had decided not to come with me to this talk show, it was one less thing to pretend. One less kiss I had to share with him, one less piece of my heart he would take. I was falling for him, and I did not know how to stop it. I acted cold towards him now, after he did the same to me, I was slowly building walls against him. When the host called out my name, I gracefully walked on stage, and did the interview. She asked me about my new album, and how the sales were doing and the new project I was working on. She even asked me how it was going with Mason, to which I mentioned that we were doing really good. "That great to hear, because we have a surprise for you" she said smiling at me "And a surprise for you all too" she said looking in the audience. I looked at her confused, then the lights dimmed and Edward came from behind the curtains with his guitar to a stand on the other side of the stage. "Here to give us a sneak peak at something he is working on, please welcome Mason" she yelled and I looked over at him, with a confused look. "I've only ever been good at putting my thoughts into songs. Elle, this one is for you, no pretending, not for show, but for you" he smiled and began to strum his guitar. Baby I got love for thee So deep inside of me I don't know where to start I love you more than anything But the words cant even touch what's in my heart When I try to explain it I be sounding insane The words don't ever come out right I get all tongue tied (and twisted) I can't explain what I'm feeling And I say baby, baby Baby (baby I) Oh baby, oh baby, my baby (Baby I) Oh baby, baby I (baby I) All I'm tryna say is you're my everything baby But every time I try to say it words they only complicate it Baby, baby (Ooh oh) Baby I'm so down for you No matter what you do (real talk) I'll be around Oh baby, see baby I been feelin' you Before I even knew what feelings were about Oh baby When I try to explain it I be sounding all crazy The words don't ever come out right I get all tongue tied (and twisted) I can't explain what I'm feeling And I say baby, baby Baby (baby I) Oh baby, oh baby, my baby (baby I) Oh baby, baby I (baby I) All I'm tryna say is you're my everything baby But every time I try to say it words they only complicate it Baby, baby Baby, baby With the last note I was in tears, smiling like some crazy person. I ran to where he was, as the show went into a commercial break. I removed my microphone as the host continued to talk to the audience as they cheered. "I mean it Bella" he said as I hugged him. "this is not pretending, not part of the act, this is 100% me, being honest" "Shut up" I said to him, then looked up to him, and smiled, leaned unto him and our lips met. It was one of the most passionate kisses we have shared. "So, I'll take that as an I like you too" he said then did his signature smolder. "Shut up Cullen, you know it does, what took you so long" I said leaning into him in a hug. "I wanted to be sure, you know. You're special Bella, smart, innocent, Brave. And I'm destructive, dark, and twisty. I wanted to be sure. The question is are you sure you want to try to be with someone like me" he asked. I looked up and gave him a peck in the lips, "yes" he squeezed me into a tighter hug, then out lips met once again and we kissed. *1st Song: New York- Ed Sheeran *2nd Song: Pillow Talk- Zayn Malik *3rd Song: Baby I- Ben Schuller Cover (Originally Sung by Ariana Grande)