tower that got hit. Please God, let me hear his voice. Ill give anything just for him to speak one word to me. 8:55 (approx.): Announcements are made over the building-wide PA system by officials in the still-undamaged South Tower of the World Trade Center, reporting that the building is "secure" and that people should return to their offices. Some do not hear it; others ignore it and evacuate anyway; others congregate in common areas like the 78th floor sky lobby "Bella. Bella calm down." Rose and Alice said to me. I was shaking now. God please let him be okay. I need him to be okay. The TV was still showing pictures of the crash. You could see the smoke and fire coming from the building. Those poor people. People were dieing right now, I just hope to God that Edward isn't one of them. I looked up at Alice and saw that she also had tears in her eyes. This was her brother. She felt the same as I did right now. I looked at Rose, she too had tears in her eyes. This was her best friend. I grabbed them both in my arms seeking comfort and wanting to give it also. I pulled back only to ask Rose who called her. "It was Emmett. There headed over there now." she said looking at Alice. "What do you mean there headed over there? Cant they see that a plane has just ran into the building. Why are they going over there?" Alice said, fresh tears running down her cheeks. "Emmett said there going to help." Rose said, new tears spilling down her cheeks as well. "You mean they have to go in there?" Alice practically screamed. Her small body began to shake with sobs. Me and Rose held onto her even tighter. I couldn't believe what was happening. All three of us could lose our husbands today. This moment was surreal. We kept the TV on wanting to know everything that went on. Every channel we turned to had a picture of the burning building. Then something happened that made my whole world turn upside down. 9:03: Flight 175 crashes at about 590 mph (950 km/h) into the south face of the South Tower (2 WTC) of the World Trade Center, banked between floors 78 and 85. I felt my heart jump out of my chest and run away as fast as it could. Now there was more possibility that Edward was hurt. Something was going on here. How could two planes hit the towers. What the hell was happening. We all broke out in uncontrollable sobs because we all knew that there was a possibility that our husbands were in one of those buildings. I got up and paced the floor of my house. They were playing another clip of the plane smashing into the second tower. The sobs in my chest were uncontrollable. They wouldn't stop. All I could think about was my husband. I cant live without him. He promised to be there forever. He has to be ok. He needs to be ok. I keep telling myself this as I paced the floor over and over again clutching my phone so tight in my hand that you could see the whites of my knuckles. I just needed to hear his voice. Just let me here his voice. I froze when my phone rang. I looked at the caller id and sighed when it read mom . I answered and was immediately greeted by a hysteric Renee. "Mom. Calm down." I said. "Oh my gosh Bella are you ok. Did Edward go to work today? Please tell me he didn't." "Yea mom. He went." I said sadly. "Oh my God. Bella are you ok? Are the kids? I cant believe any of this. Me, Phil and your dad are catching a flight out there as soon as possible but with everything going on, it may take awhile. Honey im so sorry." "Its ok mom. Ill see you when you get here. I love you." "I love you to baby." my mom said hanging up. I went back to pacing the floors and I nearly jumped out of my skin when Alice's phone rang. We all froze. She picked it up slowly and let out a breath as she said "Its my mom." she answered the call. "Hello?"….. "Yea mom, I cant believe it either."……. "Yea. He went to work today."…….. "Were with Bella now. Were at her house."…….. "I know mom. Its unbelievable. Mom?"…… "Emmett and Jasper went down to help…..right before the second plane hit"….silence….. "Ok mom. I love you too." "My moms on her way." she said flipping her phone shut. We all sat there in silence. Waiting. Alice and Rose were still on the couch. I was pacing the floor still. Something on the TV caught my attention and I stopped pacing. " I am here on the scene of this horrific event and let me tell you it is chaotic. There's firefighters and ambulances everywhere. Some fire fighters are inside the buildings tending to the fires and the hurt while others are handling things out here. I am sad to say that there are unconfirmed rumors going around that this is a terrorist attack. There are planes being hijacked all over the country." It all made sense now. All of this was intentional. People planed to kill millions today. Hopefulli u guys lyked it...i think i did pretti gud on it lol....plz reveiw n let me know wat u think....so i have sum bad news guys n gals...my computer caught a virus and isnt working rite :-( that n tha fact that skool started bak up n i have volleyball practice everyday makes it difficult to write. ill try to work sumthing out n im very sorri. 4 those of u who read my other story its gonna b awhile b4 i can update....im very sorri...plz dnt hate me lol...