was more defined and his biceps looked bigger – his baseball tee's sleeves strained a bit at their bulk. She didn't know where to start, so she said hi and put her hand out to shake his. Edward laughed and returned the motion. "Long time no see," he said lamely as he continued shaking her hand. He had hoped that, after five years, his body wouldn't react to her presence. They say it takes the human body seven years to replace all its cells, though, and his clearly remembered every moment they had ever spent with hers. Ending the shake, Bella motioned to the kiosk and without thought ordered the drink Edward always ordered. "Oh, I'm sorry," she said once she paid. "How rude of me to not even ask what you wanted. I think I'm just nervous. Do you still drink -?" "I can't believe you remembered," he said with a chuckle. "Yes, thank you. It's still my drink. But please let me pay you –" "No way. It's the least I can do," she whispered as she evaded his eyes, suddenly taking a keen interest in her nails. "We disagree there," he responded as he gently brushed past her to grab their drinks. Neither of them was sure where they were going – literally or figuratively. The library had come a long way from the two room shack that stood when they were kids. They made their way up the main escalator and sipped their drinks. Edward spotted a pair of comfy chairs facing each other near a secluded fireplace in the corner and pointed them toward it. "How's life?" he asked. It seemed like a loaded question to Bella, but maybe it was just her guilt breaking through. "I can't really complain," she said as she smoothed her tank top's hem. "I have a job I like, I bought a condo, and I have a really old and spoiled cat named Morrison." "It sounds like you've got it all." "Not quite." She finally got the courage to look into his eyes. "Edward, I just need you to know how sorry I am," she said lowly. "I –" she cleared her throat and paused for a minute to collect herself. "I hurt you. I hurt us. I hurt your family. They're all things I can never take back, so I just wanted to let you know that I regret everything that happened. To my core." Edward took in the strong and confident woman in front of him. He felt many competing emotions, but one rang out clearer than the others: Pride. "I don't even know how it went so wrong ," she continued, eyes still locked with his. "But I recognized then – and now – that it was my fault. I don't think my brain was wired right and the transition from college to suddenly living an adult life with a full-time job, massive student loans, new bills and an apartment was just … not an easy one, to say the least." She took a deep, calming breath. "But I got help. I quit my job, saw a therapist and learned how to cope with everything going on inside my head back then. I just wish I had figured it out sooner, so I didn't hurt you in the process." "Esme invited me to the baby shower and I really wrestled over whether or not I should even come. I dropped your family cold because I didn't want to make it harder on you than it already was. But," she gulped. "I couldn't stay away any longer." "I appreciate the consideration," Edward said quietly as he took her hand. "But they're your family, too." The tears she'd been holding in started to seep. "I could never have made them choose," she said as she covered her face. "You're their son." "And to us, you're their daughter. Family is unconditional, Bella. They love you even when things go wrong," he reassured her. Any anger he'd held on to over the years dissipated as he watched her pull herself together in front of him. "We were kids. We knew so little, but we suddenly had this whole new world thrust upon us. Of course there would be stumbles along the way. When I look back, you know who I blame?" he asked. She shook her head. "I blame myself. I should have fought for you, Bella." She was dumbfounded. She expected him to say… Well, she didn't know, but definitely not that. "But I – " "You were going through growing pains. In retrospect, I did nothing to help you weather them. I should've been a better partner. I knew your job was taking a toll, but I don't think I pieced together how bad it was until it was too late," he finished. "It was situational anxiety. That I reacted to… poorly." "I recognized it in others during my residency," he said as he nodded his head. "The pieces came together, just a little too late. But how were you to know, Bella? You're just out of school, you're in several stressful new situations… it's not easy." Bella was captivated by the man Edward had become. Smart. Strong. Compassionate. She saw Carlisle in him, and she saw the man she always knew he would be someday. "Nevertheless, you deserved better." Edward was stunned. "So did you." They looked at each other with appreciation. A conversation they'd both dreaded for the past five years was over, and it was more healing than either would have ever guessed it would be. They talked and talked for hours, time slipping by like sand through their fingers. Their hearts were content and whether they knew it or not, they were building ground for big things to come. Life-changing things to come. Just as it was always meant to be. Because, as Alice and Esme had both known, true love – soul-consuming love like Bella and Edward had – never truly goes away.