to do whatever I said for an hour. And I always told her to do things that would make her happy, and keep her distracted from her own feelings for a time. While I knew Bella hadn't agreed to play the silly little game with me, I figured it couldn't hurt to try. She was about twenty yards from the exit when I caught up to her, and I had to stop myself from reaching out and pulling her to a stop again, knowing that would just piss her off even more. Instead, I spoke louder than I needed to so I could get her attention. "Aha! I got it. I know why you freaked out when I touched you." She immediately skidded to a stop, and I was distracted with trying not to crash into her to catch the look in her eyes before she put on an indifferent mask to hide her feelings from me. "Oh yeah?" she asked. I nodded and grinned, thrilled that she was at least listening. "And why's that?" I sucked on my teeth for a second, trying to think of something that might make her laugh. My smile widened when I figured it out. "Because," I said softly, taking a step closer to her to make it convincing. I was sincerely hoping I didn't imagine the hitch in her breathing or the flicker of her eyes to my lips. She stuck her hands in her pockets and stayed silent. "It made it hard for you to ignore your intense physical attraction to me." The shock in her eyes had me swallowing back my laughter, and after a moment, she started laughing in earnest, bending over and wrapping her arms around herself. Her laugh sounded like music, and I wanted to hear it again and again for as long as she'd let me. I couldn't contain my smile as I watched her try to catch her breath and fail, over and over. "Oops, you caught me!" she gasped, giggling in the cutest way. I felt my chest get a little warmer at the sound of it. I grinned again and winked playfully at her. "Well, now you have to tell me what the real reason is." Her laughter cut off like she was choking on it as she shook her head, and my hopes dropped a little. But I couldn't let her see that, so I just smiled wider and tried harder. "Come on! We had an agreement that if I could make you smile, you'd tell me." She raised an eyebrow at me and I sighed at the intense sexiness of her when she was being sassy. "And when did I agree to this?" I winked again and shrugged my shoulders without looking away from her. "It was unspoken." When she snorted and continued walking, I kept pace with her again. "Please, Bella? Just tell me! The curiosity will be the death of me." She still didn't respond, and I doubled my efforts, trying to be funny and charming. "And if I die, you'll have to do all of those hard chemistry labs by yourself." She giggled, and I had to hold back another girlie sigh at the sound as I smiled. If she kept doing things like that and sounding so cute, I'd have to hand in my man card. "Why won't you tell me?" I asked and she stopped, turning to face me as she leaned back against a wall. "It's not that I won't, Edward. It's that I can't." When I stared at her in confusion, she continued. "You see, I have this . . . condition. But if I told you about it, not only would you not believe me, you'd probably think I was crazy and lock me up." I went to argue with her, wanting to tell her about Alice and how I knew all about someone having conditions, but she held up her hand and cut me off. "I know what you're going to say. But trust me. You wouldn't believe me. Bye, Edward." I sighed and decided to give up for the day as she walked away, figuring I'd give it another shot tomorrow. Hell, it gave me a reason to keep talking to her, and I'd take that without complaint. When I realized that she was about to walk out of the school instead of back to class for the last few minutes of Chemistry, I called out to her, wondering where she was going. "Ditching," she replied. I watched her as she walked away, craning my neck until I could no longer see her. As I finally made my way back to class, I remembered the look in her eyes as she spoke to me, the anger and sass and feistiness that made my pants feel way too fucking tight. And my chest warmed again as I remembered that almost throughout the entire conversation, I didn't see a single trace of the defeat or sadness, and I sincerely hoped that I had something to do with that. For the rest of my first day in a new high school, I couldn't stop thinking about Bella, the girl who flipped my whole world upside down in the matter of a single class period. Well, here you have it. An EPOV of the beginning of Not-so-Superhuman. I hope you liked it and I hope it answered at least a few of the questions that people were asking about Edward and why he thinks and acts the way he does. I'm not sure yet if I'll be doing the entirety of Not-so-Superhuman in EPOV, or just a few outtakes to answer some of your questions. I already have a lot on my plate when it comes to writing stuff. But let me know in a review what you want me to do: the whole story, or just random parts as I go along to answer questions. It's ultimately up to you guys. Thanks for reading! R&R!