are okay," Emmett whispered into my ear as I cried into his shoulder. I will never be able to get pregnant. That's the point of everything my doctor told us. I just can't have children of my own. 35 years old "Emmett," I whispered in his ear. "It's time for us to get up." Emmett grumbled and rolled over, throwing his arm across my waist, "No. I don't want to ever get out of bed." I laughed and placed light kisses along his face, "We have to get the kids to school, baby." Emmett huffed and got out of bed get a shower as I went to wake up the kids. We adopted two amazing twins, Lena and Andrew. They were 2 when we adopted them, which makes them 7 now. I stood in the hallway between their rooms and smiled to myself. I wouldn't trade these two for anything in the world. I woke them up and went downstairs to make breakfast while they got dressed. They like to pick out their own clothes for school, but I always double check the night before to make sure they actually match. I was standing at the stove when I felt two strong arms wrap around my waist and two perfect lips kiss my neck. "My wife looks sexy as hell in the morning." I giggled and leaned back into Emmett's chest, "My husband looks sexy all the time." Emmett laughed and turned around to give me a quick kiss. He knelt down after that and placed a kiss on my very pregnant stomach, "I love seeing you pregnant." I laughed and pulled him up for another kiss, "I don't always love being pregnant. I never would have thought that we would be getting to have our own baby." "I know, Rosie. I didn't think so either." Emmett and I loved the twins so much, and we are beyond happy having them. We are thrilled to actually be pregnant though. My doctor couldn't explain how it actually happened, but we weren't going to dwell on it. I was due in another month, and I already loved this baby so much. My life is perfect. I have my man and our two, soon to be three, amazing children. It doesn't get better. 50 years old "Hey, old woman! How's it feel knowing half of your life is over?" Emmett bellowed, walking into the living room. I shot him a death glare, "Shut the hell up, Emmett McCarty. I am not old!" Emmett walked over and wrapped his arms around me, "You're still my gorgeous wife, no matter how old you are." I smiled and leaned into him, "Got that right, mister." Lena and Andrew were away at college. Lena was going to be a vet, and Andrew planned on being a lawyer. Little Tessa still lived at home with us; she was only 14. They were all very good kids, and we have never had much trouble with them. Alice and Jasper have a son, Ian, whose 16. He and Tessa do a lot together, and we are all rooting for the day that they actually get together. One good thing about our little girl liking our best friends' son is that we know he is a good boy. Bella, Edward, and Toby, their son, moved to Florida a couple years ago for his job. They were relocated, so now we only see them a couple times a year. It was sad to see them go, but they are really happy. "Where is your head at?" Emmett asked as he tucked my hair behind my ear. I smiled and leaned into his touch, "I'm just happy. I love this life. You, me, our kids. It's all just perfect." Emmett kissed me and held me close, "Yeah, Rosie. We are living a pretty perfect life." 70 years old "Hey, mom. How are you doing?" I smiled softly and pulled my daughter into my arms, "I'm dealing, Lena. It just gets lonely. How are you and Rick?" Lena smiled and sat down with me, "We are good. I just wanted to come spend some time with you. I know this weekend is tough." Emmett passed away 3 years ago. This would have been our anniversary, and it is still the hardest time of the year. Emmett got cancer, and it was so hard for him in the end. Seeing my strong man slip away from me tore me apart. The kids were so strong during that time. Andrew and his wife, Susan, moved in with us to help out. I couldn't do it all alone. Lena turned to face me after a few minutes with a big smile on her face. "Mom, I have something to tell you." "What is it, baby?" Lena took a deep breath, "I'm pregnant, mom." "Oh, baby! That is amazing. I'm so happy for you. When will you find out the gender?" I asked, forgetting my pain for the moment. Lena and Rick had a difficult time with pregnancy. Lena kept miscarrying, so I knew that she must be pretty sure about this one. "That's the thing. We already know. I didn't want to say anything until I was more sure that I would miscarry. I want his first name to be Emmett," Lena said quietly. I smiled wide at Lena and hugged her tight, "Oh, sweetheart. That would be lovely." "I just wanted to check with you first, mom," Lena said. Lena spent most of the weekend with me, talking about her plans for her baby. Baby Emmett. I know that he would be so proud of her, and the other children as well. Emmett was the best thing to ever happen to me. He was the love of my life, and it was perfect. We had an amazing life, and I know that he is still here, watching over me. I hope that you enjoyed it! Please, please review. Let me know what you thought about it.