involved with him. It had been almost a year since Mike broke it off with her, but that was Bella. Ever cautious, weighing her options and the possible outcomes carefully. She wasn't a fool when it came to her heart, but I had hoped that she wouldn't hesitate in giving it to me. "If you don't want to go out with him, then don't." I told her, hoping to God that she'd take my advice. "But what if he really is nice?" She was lying on my bed, looking up at the ceiling. I was alphabetically arranging my CDs beside my stereo and wondered how Pearl Jam ended up mixed in with my "S" artists. Probably Emmett. "I don't know." I wracked my brain, trying to come up with an excuse as to why she shouldn't even consider going out with him. "I just don't want to judge him if I don't know him. But Mike—" "What about Mike?" "I won't lie to you, Mike dumping me really hurt me. Even though we weren't extremely serious, I just didn't see it coming, and if I could avoid feeling like that again, I would." "Well, that's unfortunately the risk you take when starting a relationship with somebody new." I wanted to emphasize the world new . "I won't lie to you Bella. I do have some preconceived notions about James." Maybe I was a dick for trying to manipulate her insecurity regarding my view on James. Still, he was totally messing up my plan in admitting to Bella how I felt. I wasn't going to just step aside and let him get to her first. Not if I could help it. She raised herself on her elbows. "Like what?" "Well, he's a senior," I pointed out. "So just because he's older means he's bad?" "No, I just mean that he doesn't know you very well. Has he even tried to talk to you before?" "No, but that doesn't mean that he can't start now." I shrugged my shoulders, not wanting to further the conversation. Plus, I was all out of ideas and grasping at straws trying to convince her to not take a chance on James. "Besides, you did tell me once that not all guys tell the girl how they feel." Why in the fuck did she always listen to everything I say so closely? "Maybe James just wants to take an opportunity, see if it goes anywhere. Who knows if it will even work out?" Bella murmured, I think more for my benefit than for hers. Two Fridays after that conversation, James took Bella out on their first date. Dinner and a movie. The epitome of a fucking cliché. Bella hadn't told me about their plans, but instead told Alice who then told Jasper. Apparently Jasper hadn't told Alice how I felt about Bella, which proved how good of a friend he was. I was miserable all day and night when I found out. Bella had thankfully not brought James to our lunch table at school, so I wasn't forced to meet the prick yet. He just seemed…wrong. Not even wrong for Bella, but just wrong in general. He seemed smug and walked the halls like he owned the school. He lived in his brown jacket, and I theorized that his hair was permanently tied back into a ponytail. He was good-looking and he knew it. And what was more irritating is that he knew girls knew he was good-looking, too. Bella was his complete opposite, and I wish he'd stayed away from her. Out of all the girls that attended our school, practically the entire population of Forks, why oh why did it have to be Bella that he showed an interest in? While moping around the house that night, Emmett asked me what was wrong. I told him about Bella's date night and he gave me a sympathetic look. But because he was Emmett, he also had to remind me that I had plenty of time to tell Bella how I felt, but I took too long in doing so. I gave Emmett a look which I hoped said "fuck off" and climbed the stairs. I knew that what he was saying was true, but it hurt more hearing someone else vocalize it. I lay in bed, the back of my wrist against the bridge of my nose, eyes closed, as I wondered what Bella was doing. Knowing Bella, she wasn't even interested in any of the movies playing at the theater. It was probably his idea and because Bella was a people pleaser, she'd do whatever he wanted to do. Bella was smart, but she was inexperienced when it came to guys and I was hoping she wouldn't let James push her into something she wasn't interested in. He just seemed like the kind of guy who was used to getting his way and wouldn't take no for an answer. Hopefully, Charlie had decided to show James his gun collection when he came to pick her up, just like he had with Mike. My mind began to think things without my permission as I visualized him kissing her goodnight, holding her close. He'd take up her time and before I knew it, she wouldn't eat lunch at our table or want to hang out anymore. He'd propose and she'd beam ear-to-ear while showing me her engagement ring. On her wedding day, I'd be forced to be James' groomsman as I watched her walk down the aisle on Charlie's arm when she should be walking towards me instead. My breathing became labored; my chest taking deep rise and falls as I realized that I was having my first ever panic attack. I didn't need my father, a doctor, to tell me what I knew to be true. I was panicking at the prospect of losing Bella. Calm down Cullen. They're just on a date, nothing more. Nothing significant is going to happen. I hoped that was true.