would take care of her but she was never there for me when I needed her. When Phil came into our lives I was still raising myself and I didn't even like Phil. I looked at my plate not hearing a sound - I don't if I actually couldn't or if I was just so deep in thought that everything was passing by me so fast. My mom - Renee once told me that the doctors did diagnosis me when I was younger with something but she said she didn't believe any of it. I never knew what it was. She said that it wasn't important for me to know. All I needed to know was that I had panic attacks. "Bella?" Charlie asked. I still didn't answer him. I could hear him for that much, but everything in my body was not allowing me to response to him. My mind was like on overload but I have no idea from what really. "Bella...Can you here me?" Sophie asked. "Charlie...she isn't responding - we will have to take her to the hospital." "Right." Charlie said. Next thing I know; I'm being helped up from the seat and to the car. This was really hard for me - I couldn't feel anything. What was going on with my body? I didn't understand this at all. Nothing like this has happened...has it? I tried to think back to when the last time this happened to me but I just couldn't think about it. It was like everything was blocked out. "Do you want me to see if Dr. Cullen is at the hospital?" Sophie asked. "Yeah." Charlie said as they got me into the seat. As they started driving to the hospital I could hear the phone conversation - but of course it was only from what Sophie was saying. "Hello, I was wondering if Dr. Cullen was still at the hospital" Sophie stated. "He is? That's great. Well we are bringing in Isabella Swan. We don't know what's wrong with her. She just all of a sudden froze over." Sophie added. "What's going on?" Charlie asked her. "Dr. Cullen will be able to see her once we arrive." Sophie said. I don't really know what happened next but I could tell that I went from the car to a hospital bed. I was now staring at a light. The light was on the ceiling and I couldn't look away from it. What was happening to me? I wanted to know. Was this what Renee kept from me?! If she did I didn't want anything to do with her anymore. It's all because of her that this was happening to me now. I wish I knew what was wrong with me to begin with. Was I always this broken on the inside? "Hello Bella. Can you hear me?" A voice asked me. "I'm Dr. Cullen." Alice's dad - I wonder if this was going to get back to her that he met me before Alice did. That would be funny to actually see that. I tried to move but I couldn't - I just kept looking at the light in the ceiling. "Charlie, I would like to talk to Renee." Dr. Cullen said. "I need to know if this has happened before." "Yeah. Let me go call her." Charlie said as I could hear him walk away. Charlie POV "Renee, we are at the hospital. Something happened with Bella. I need you to talk to Dr. Cullen as he ask you questions." I said to her. "She isn't moving or responding to us. Has this happened before?" "Charlie I don't see why it matters? She only has a few seizure moments that only happen outside of the body.. She doesn't move around like other people - she becomes still. I told the doctor that she wouldn't have one, so he didn't put it in her records. She only got diagnosed with when she hit her head as she fell down the stairs." Renee said. "THAT WASN'T LISTED IN HER MEDICAL RECORDS!?" I thought. "...Her words are slurred. She must be drunk! I'm going to need custody over Bella." "Renee, was she given any medications in case they happened?" "Not that I know of. She only has her panic attack medications." "Renee, you are unfit as a mother to Bella! You just put her whole life into danger!" "Fine I'll talk to the doctor." I handed over the phone to Dr. Cullen as I went to sit next to Bella. I could see her twitching and I could see that Bella was going to have seizure moment - I've seen people have seizures as I on the force. Carlisle POV "Hello Renee, I am Dr. Cullen." I said to her. "Now I need to know what I'm missing from her medical records." I was looking at her records waiting for her to respond. I knew that I was missing something. I could see that panic attacks were listed on her records. "It was last year; Bella tripped and fell down some stairs she had a head injury. She started having little seizures. She only had one major one - she was at school. I can have them send their medical records." "It's not listed from the medical records from her doctors..." "The doctor only diagnosed her. He didn't add it to her medical record." "Thank you for your time." I hung up the phone and then I could here Charlie calling for me. I sensed that Bella just went into a seizure mode and it was big because she wasn't moving at all and now she was. I ran as fast as I could get to her. As I ran I had nurses get me what I needed so I can sedate her and give her medication and also suggest a service dog for Charlie to get Bella. It would be helpful because the dog could detect a seizure and a panic attack.