wanted to let you sleep, so I didn't tell you. But I just threw up all over the couch and I feel bad and I'm sorry Mommy," she cried. I hugged her and told her to go take a quick shower while I cleaned the couch. I found her a half hour later hanging over her toilet bowl vomiting. I tied her hair back and rubbed her back. She finished and started crying. I held her and whispered to her until she fell asleep. Then I carried her into my bathroom. Allie was awake and had some color back in her cheeks. I laid Nessie down and sat down next to Allie. "Hey Allie," I said, "Want some more juice?" She nodded her head and I gave her some. She kept it down. I was so glad, hoping that meant my other girls would be feeling better soon as well. I told her she could go watch cartoons in my bed if she wanted. She smiled and walked into my room and turned on the TV. She drank a whole cup of pedilyte before falling asleep. Nessie woke up and sprinted for the toilet. She threw up twice. Rosie woke up and I handed her a garbage can as she threw up. As soon as Nessie finished throwing up, Rosie ran and did the same. The pattern continued for two hours, one throwing up while the other looked like she was about to. Carlie woke up at 12 and looked a bit better. I gave her some pedilyte and when she held it down, I let her go watch Cartoons with Allie. Rosie was sick three more times. At 6, Edward called and told me his flight was delayed until the 11pm because of weather. I told him about the girls and he said he would be home as fast as he could. "Are you feeling alright Bells?" he asked, "You sound tired." "I'm fine," I said. I had been washing my hands and eating at regular times all day. "Alright," he said, "I love you." "Love you too," I said. I ate dinner right after I hung up with him. Then I went back and checked on the girls. Allie had eaten a few crackers and more pedilyte. Carlie had had more pedilyte also. Rosie hadn't thrown up in two hours. Nessie was throwing up when I went to check on her. I rubbed her back softly. She fell asleep soon after that. Rosie had threw up at 9 and then fell back to sleep. Nessie woke up at 11, vomiting. By 3, I was sleeping and no one had been sick for over three hours. At 4, I was woken up by Edward coming home. I fell back to sleep and slept until 5. At 5, I was woken up by a sharp twisting pain in my stomach. I ran for the toilet. I felt the sharp, bitter bile come up my throat and exit though my mouth. I felt my hair being lifter from my shoulders and someone rubbing my back. When I finished, I leaned back and saw Edward sitting behind me. "Bella," he whispered, "Come here." Tears welled up in my eyes. I felt awful. He hugged me close and rubbed my back. "I feel awful," I mumbled. "I know Bells, I know," he said. He helped me brush my teeth and sit back down on the floor. I spent the next hour throwing up. When I finished, Edward had a warm towel waiting for me. I laid down on his lap and fell asleep. I had only been asleep for a half hour when I woke up. My stomach hurt and I ran for the toilet. I threw up. Edward helped me up when I finished. He held me in his arms as I cried. I fell back to sleep and when I woke up I heard noises coming from downstairs. I slowly got up and walked down the stairs, gripping the railing. I found Alice and Edward talking by the front door. All the kids were in Alice's car. "What's going on?" I asked, slurring my words a bit as I walked over to Edward. He put his arms around me and said, "I know you are really sick and I want to take care of you so I am sending the kids to Alice's for the day so you can sleep." I nodded my head in understanding. "Wow," Alice said to me, "you look really sick. I am gonna go. Feel better Bella," she called as she ran out the door. "Bye Alice. Thanks," Edward called after her. As soon as she left, I ran for the bathroom. I spent another hour bent over the toilet. When I finished, I walked back out to Edward who carried me upstairs. He laid me in the bed and I fell asleep. I woke up an hour later and threw up immediately, not making it to the bathroom. I cried as Edward walked in. "I am so sorry," I sobbed. He comforted me and told me it was ok. Then he cleaned the bed while I took a shower. When I finished, I put new pajamas on and went to sleep in the bathroom. The pattern of sleeping, vomiting continued all day and into the night, after the kids were home. By the middle of the night the vomiting had stopped, but the ginger ale I drank went right through me. I spent all of the next day with an awful case of diarrhea that restricted me to the bathroom for most of the day. I had finally settled into bed later that evening when I got a text from Alice. To: Bella Sent from the bathroom floor. Kids got me sick . There it was. I hope you liked it. I'm not into Twilight as much as I was when I wrote this, but I am always open to trying to write another story.