to him. He hesitated but gave in as he started to suck on the blood that I had digested a few days before. He was drinking slowly but after a few minutes, I could tell that he was looking more lively. He was fidgeting and making small purring like noises which was another thing he rarely did; at least that meant he was feeling a little better too. I removed my wrist from his mouth, deciding that it was enough for now, there was enough blood in his system to help his wounds heal until Edward and Alice get back to give him something to fill him up completely. Besides, given the chance, he may have drunk too much and left me feeling a little on the weak side. "More" he mumbled as his eyes watched my wrist. "Wait for Edward and Alice to get back. They're bringing back something for you to drink" I told him. He responded with a needy whine as he turned his head back into my chest. Yes; very unusual. "I'm gonna look at your wounds again, okay?" I informed. He seemed to ignore me but he didn't disapprove of the idea so I lifted his torn shirt again and rechecked his injuries. There wasn't much I could do with vampire injuries other than to keep them clean and make sure the injured is fed to speed up the healing process so I felt pretty much useless. Jasper was away from the danger and now we just play the waiting game. The blood that I had given him may have had an affect on his responsive behavior but it only had a small effect on the healing which was to be expected because that small amount was suppose to focus on stopping him from looking so lifeless. I wasn't sure how long until his injuries would take to heal. Some vampires are faster at healing than others and I just hope that Jasper was the fast kind. It was obvious that Jasper was trying to hide the pain he was in but I didn't want him to be hurting. If I had the power to take his pain away, I would. In fact; I would have taken his pain away the moment he and Alice joined our family but unfortunately, even for us vampires, it's just impossible. "How much pain are you in?" I asked him gently. I know that Jasper wouldn't answer me honestly but the purpose of me asking was because the answer is usually twice as bad as he says it is. He fidgeted against me and try to move away but he winced as soon as he did. "Just a little" he mumbled. That was a lot then. I gently moved him off me so that I could get up but I laid him back down on the couch, careful to avoid any further pain. "Where are you going?" Jasper panicked. He sounded so vulnerable that I hadn't expected it. I found it unusual with the way he was relying on me when after all the years I have known him he tends to avoid doing so; never asking me for anything. I'm not complaining though. If anything, I have always wanted to play the role of the much needed father to Jasper. He just never seemed to accept it. "To get you another shirt. That one is all torn up. It's alright, I'll be back in a second" I assured him. He nodded uncertainly but he still looked a little frightened. I left my study and rushed to Alice and Jasper's room and went through the drawer that had Jasper's long sleeved t-shirts in it. He refused to wear short sleeved. I picked out a light and dark blue colored shirt and quickly returned to my study. Relief seemed to show on his face as I walked back in. "Are you able to change yourself or will you need my help?" I asked. Stupid question. I knew the answer before I finished asking the question. "I can do it myself" he mumbled. I handed him his shirt and he put it aside as he tried to remove the one he was currently working. I could already see that he couldn't do it on his own; he just didn't like being viewed as weak. His shoulder and neck injury made it difficult to get the shirt over his head so I was forced to intervene. It may make him feel a little embarrassed and self conscious but I would prefer that to him knocking his wounds. Once the shirt was off I helped him get the fresh one over his head and put the left arm through the sleeve while he was capable of doing the other. Just after we had finished, Edward appeared. "I brought a small deer back. It's just outside so Jasper doesn't need to go that far" Edward informed me. "You don't need to treat me like a baby" Jasper mumbled. "Well, after the stunt you pulled today, clearly we do. You could have been killed, Jasper. Does that not matter to you?" Edward argued. Jasper turned his head away. "Don't ignore me Jazz. What the hell were you thinking? And what made you think that Alice wouldn't have followed you in there? You're lucky she didn't" Edward continued. "Edward" I said sternly. Once I got his attention, I continued. "I appreciate the help you have been today but right now, Jasper needs to drink. Me and him will talk about this after" I said. I turned my head toward's Jasper as I said the last part and although he didn't see it, he was listening. A talk between the two of us was in need. That's part one of two done. I'll try to get part two up as soon as I can but first, my attention is on my other story. Please review and tell me what you think. Any mistakes will be corrected soon