to see if Jasper was still with the Cullens and how things were going for him. Their concern for him was disconcerting at best and now this girl seemed privy to all his "dirty little secrets". "A chosen one? What's that?" He returned to his seat at human speed hoping to get some real answers, since now he just had more questions. "A chosen one, is someone whom the Volturi have chosen to become a vampire but for whatever reason they have yet to be turned. I have yet to be turned," she said with a sarcastic smirk. "But the Volturi don't just let human's that know about us wander around." Jasper was confused and though he wanted to be angry he just couldn't be for some reason, adding further to his confusion. "No, they don't." "Then… how?" "You know for an infamous, murderous, cunning vampire, you sure aren't too bright are you?" She smiled dumbly at him while he returned her comments with a growl. "What does that mean? Why should I know anything about you?" he growled his question, not at all happy at being reminded about the person he used to be. "Smell me," she prompted holding a hand out. Jasper began scenting the air but could find nothing unusual and calmly, this time, made his way to her. He took her hand and sniffed deeply finally catching the scents she was figuring he should have noticed earlier. Her blood though divine was a bit off and her skin smelled of another vampire, faintly. She had probably washed her hands since their last contact. He growled at the thought of a vampire having contact with her as she pulled her hand from his. "Down boy, he's my bodyguard." She placed her hand back in her lap and watched him expectantly, waiting for him to take another seat. "Demetri," Jasper growled, recognizing the scent and not liking it one bit. "Yes, now sit." Bella motioned to the chair closer to her than the one he had previously occupied and he responded by sitting on the edge, leaning as close to her as possible. "Explain," he commanded, his eyes darkening slightly and he watched as a chill ran through her body. Her emotions told him that she enjoyed that command and he filed that information away for further thought. Meanwhile, back at the Cullen mansion everyone was stone still, waiting on pins and needles to hear from Jasper. Alice was worried sick since she couldn't see him now that he was with Isabella and Edward had to hear her frantic thoughts. Rosalie was curious about a girl that would want to speak to just Jasper but just didn't want to really think about it and sat in her husband's lap who was also worried for his brother. Emmett was also having problems not thinking about the lady whose life he so abruptly ended because she smelled too good. Carlisle and Esme stood silently staring out the window waiting for the first signs of Jasper's return wondering if it was a good idea to send him into an unknown situation, whether she was human or not, it could still be dangerous for all of them. They loved Jasper like a son and wanted no harm to come to him. Carlisle was also worried about how to explain this encounter to Aro when he calls in October. Plenty of time, he reassured himself. It was only March now after all. Jasper sat staring wide-eyed at Isabella as she finished telling her story, "And that is what brings me here, to you." She smiled and blushed slightly but mainly she was just nervous, waiting to hear what he'd say in response, her anger having dissipated long ago while she told her story. The air remained stagnant and heavy as the vampire tried to understand and believe all that he had just heard. "Jasper?" Bella finally questioned, getting impatient for acknowledgement. "Oh sorry. Uh… do you think you could come tell the rest of the family this?" "That's it? That's all you have to say?" Bella got up and stormed out as fast as she could, eager to escape the thickheaded Jasper Hale Whitlock. AN: Sorry it's long: So if this lasts more than a week, I'll post the rest of the chapters and maybe look at reposting MoS. Otherwise…for those of you interested. I do have another ff acct. MsMynxi and if you find that and alert author on that one you may find me reposting my pulled stories there. Of course, I'm not committing to that yet, because I'm stubborn. Also if you are looking for Saving Bella or Daddy's Gonna Buy You A Mockingbird (aka Broken Baby) those can be found on TWCS and there is a link in my profile. If you are interested in getting PDF versions of any of my finished stories PM me with your email address. You must put your email in this format using dashes or parenthesis: name-carrier-dot-com if you don't I don't get it and then we have to PM back and forth trying to get that straightened out. Right now the only two stories I have available on PDF are The Devil Inside and bittersweetheart, both of which you can still read here on ff. If you PM me let me know what stories you would like. I am working on Saving Bella, but I'm trying to clean it up too so it's gonna take a while. The finished stories will all be available eventually. In truth, I'm probably putting more effort into Saving Bella right now than writing a new chapter for MoS, ATMH, SMDW…not giving up on them, just refocusing my efforts at the moment. If you have comments or questions feel free to leave them in your review or PM me. I recommend you do not leave your email in your review! Then anyone can see it. I would love a review though, before ya do anything else! :D