the floor screaming her head off and that must have snap something in Maria because the next thing we all knew her force field was going straight for her. Heidi's point of view I watch as Maria is about to be attacked by Demetri and Brooklynn is just standing there in horror as her best friend is about to be attacked but she did a lay out. Everyone just stood there in shack but Brooklynn had a huge smile on her face because she knew. Then Demetri tries again and she is on the floor and she does a back walkover and we try Jane on her and she is on the floor screaming but the next thing we knew was a very powerful force field come from her and we knew that if she learns to manipulates it can become a shield and a very powerful one at that but she also was able to control the weather with her emotions and the elements. I watch as Brook runs to Maria and hugs her. Aro said "enough both Brooklynn and Maria are staying with the Volturi". I look at Maria and she is not happy at all. Maria is very pissed and says "what the hell I am not staying here I don't care I have an older sister who needs me to help her in her class and what you say will not keep me here." I looked at Maria and back to Aro but when I stopped on him his face showed a very look of anger and told Alec to take her to his room and deal with her and every that knew gasped. Marcus's point of view I look at Aro with pure shock the way he told Alec to take her to his room and ask him to have him drank from him to her we all knew that if she did this she will have no choice to stay and that is what made us look back at her with pity she just looks like she wants to slap him and no one was holding her back but Alec was trying to get her out but no such luck so he had to cut off all her sense and had Jane carry her. I look back at Brooklynn and look at her ties and they were strong but her ties to Felix is there but the one I saw with her and Maria is that of a sister bond and it is very powerful. I looked up as soon as jane walks back but what had us all turn to her was that she was all wet and my dear god she looked really pissed but Aro said "My dear Jane I think you and Alec might have to drink from her in order for her to listen to you and your bother". I looked at Aro and said "you know that once two people drank from that one person he/or she will be loyal to those two and once they are turned they are beside them. But since Maria is mated to Alec he will have better control over her and their ties to each other will be stronger but her ties to her sister Isabella will disappear and it will never be there ever." Aro looks at me and says "she has a sister well we will deal with that when the time comes but until than we deal with the girl". Brooklyn's point of view I never thought I would have to fight with my best friend and watch her be taken from me we promised to stick together no matter what and all of a sudden we are mated to vampires I watch as Marcus and Aro go at each other making me think of my little brother and sister. I wait until they are done fighting to say something. When they are done I finally say what has been on my mind "I am sorry but Maria is right I have two younger siblings that need me but I do not want to stay here I need some time to myself. Aro looked at me and said "I am sorry but you will have to stay here with Felix and send them a letter saying you are fine but you won't be coming home." I start to cry and Felix comes to me and calms me down and it works but then Alec comes back with Jane right beside him and Maria right behind them. I run to Maria and she has her arms open up to me and I start to cry in her shoulder she whispers comforting words and rocks me back and forth for comfort. Alec calls Maria and she looks up and sees him beckoning her to stand next to him she looks between me and Alec and sighs in defeat and walks over to him. I watch as she kisses Alec and steps away Aro's point of view I watch as Maria walks over to Alec and what shocked us all was that Alec goes in and kisses her and she responds the same way and then she steps back to his side and Jane smiles happily that she can finally control someone. I look back at Brooklynn and she is crying in Felix's shoulder. I look back at Maria and see that she is struggling with her emotions and the weather is changing a lot. I watch between the two girls and saw that one of still needs to be controlled but Maria should be fine but Brooklynn on the other hand might take a lot longer so I tell Felix to take her to his room and do whatever. He nods okay and takes her out. I turn back to Jane and Alec I ask "them what are you going to do about Maria"? Alec says "I might talk to her about what she wanted to do before I change her".