my hair, from the temperature I was sure it had to be Carlisle, or one of the other Cullens. "It's alright, Bella." I heard the calming voice of Carlisle say. I burred my head into his chest, eyes squeezed shut as I fought back my tears. "No, you'll disappear too if I let you go." I muttered, my voice telling everyone how scared I was that that would actually happen. "Shh, Bella, no one in this house will leave you. I can promise you that." Carlisle reassured me, but I was still too scared to let him go. I felt the bed dip behind me a second before a cool body gently laid on top of me, the person's arms wrapping around my body in a gentle hug. "I can second that promise." I heard the soft voice of Alice. She was here, she hadn't left, she was really here. I removed my head from Carlisle's chest, but still refused to remove my arms from his body. I turned to see that Alice was indeed laying on me, giving me as much comfort as she could. Over her shoulder I saw Jasper looking at me with a soft look, beside him was Rosalie with Emmett's arms around her, and on the other side of Jasper was Esme. "And when have I ever been wrong or broken a promise?" "Never." I muttered sure that all of the vampires in the room could here me. "Your father has been worried about you." Rosalie said in a soft voice, I could tell that she was also worrying about me. I turned my head to look around and found my dad standing on the other side of the bed, he did indeed look very worried. "I came home to find it empty. At first I figured you had work, so I waited until it was time for you to come home from work. When you didn't come home I called your work to see if you were there. They told me you didn't work today, so I tried calling Edward, when he didn't answer I called Jacob. When he informed me he hadn't seen you in a couple of days I knew something was up. Everyone was out searching for you, Bella, even the Cullens. It wasn't until after midnight when I got a call from a frantic Esme saying that Carlisle had found you just a mile away from this house, passed out with tear stains on your cheeks and cold as ice." Charlie stated, his eyes tearing up. "Dad." I breathed out sitting up, my arms finally letting got of Carlisle in my sudden need to get to my father and reassure him that I was here. Safe. Maybe a bit broken, but here none the less. I guess I had sat up too fast, because the next thing I knew, the room was spinning and I was falling onto Carlisle. "Easy there Bella." I heard Emmett say, his voice was thick with worry. "Try not to get up too fast, you have a fever." Carlisle said pushing me back onto the bed while getting up and letting Charlie take his place. I guess that this was what they had been trying to do when I panicked. "Bella, are you up for telling us what happened?" Jasper asked softly. Though when I turned to look at him, I could tell from his eyes that he already knew what happened, he was just giving me the chance to talk about it. "I came home to find Edward waiting for me. He asked me to take a walk with him, I agreed and we walked in the woods for a little while before he stopped and informed me that you all were leaving, and that I was not going with y'all. He then proceeded to inform me that he did not want me with him and that he was tired of pretending to be what he wasn't. He was then kind enough to ask me to not do anything reckless for Charlie's sake and to inform me that once he was done saying his goodbyes that everyone of you would be leaving." I said then looked at the bed with a sigh, "I don't know what came over me, but the thought that all of you would be gone made me numb. I started walking in the direction that I had hopped was this house, because I just needed to make sure that I had misheard Edward. I had to prove to myself that you guys were still here. You guys are my second family, I don't know what I would do if you guys just suddenly disappeared from my life." Esme walked over and sat down on the bed and took my hands in hers, causing me to look up at her. She had on a soft and loving smile that seemed to ease my emotions, either that or Jasper had used his power to calm me. "And you, Bella, are apart of this family too. We care to much for you to just up and move like that." I smiled and looked at everyone of the remaining Cullens. "I believe it is time for Bella to rest." Carlisle said. Charlie helped me lay further into the bed as he stood up before pulling the covers over me. "Rest, I shall be downstairs with the Cullens. Tomorrow, if you are up to it, we shall go back to our house and you can sleep in your own bed." Charlie said soothingly before kissing my forehead. Carlisle must have heard my heart beat speed up in fear at leaving the Cullens house. "Do not worry, we are just a phone call away. If you need us, do not be afraid to call us. No matter the time." He said as the rest of his family began to slowly leave the room. Charlie stayed a little bit longer watching me as I fell back asleep.