one woman. And when they are, we turn into sappy, love sick puppy versions of themselves. "Good morning to you too." She rolled her eyes and slid off the counter. I walked over to the fridge and grabbed some Gatorade. Edward placed one more kiss on Tanya's cheek before answering his cell phone. "Hello?" "Edward? It's Alice. You called me this morning?" "Yeah, it's about Isabella. Her flight is scheduled to arrive at 4 at Gate A23. She promised me that she would wait until you got there before leaving and that she wouldn't talk to anyone. " "Edward, relax. Bella and I chatted last night. I know everything. Esme and Carlisle made sure of that. All her furniture is in the storage unit and everything else has already come. Her bank account is set up and she is all registered for school. She only needs to meet with her counselor to set up her classes. Once she starts school, Carlisle will come out and help her buy a car." "Yeah I know. It's just this is her first time away from home. And I just don't want anything to happen." Alice assured him that everything would be fine before hanging up. "You worry too much, sweetie. I am sure that Isabella will get here safe and sound. You are going to stress yourself out." Tanya told him, wiping off her lipstick from his face. She grabbed her bag off the counter and headed out the door, with promises to be back later. "Man, you are really freaking out about this. I'm sure everything will be fine." He nodded and motioned for me to follow him to the basement. When Edward was first told of his sister's exodus out here, he spent a lot of his free time fixing up the basement. He cleaned up the laundry and laid down tiles before we painted all the walls a pale powder blue. "So I figured we could pull the truck right up the front yard and carry everything into here and then arrange it." "Are you sure you don't want to let her do this?" He shook his head no. "I can't have my Baby Sis moving furniture around. You know how chicks are. Always afraid to get their hands dirty." I nodded my agreement and walked into the room and started opening boxes. It was close to 11 when we got all the boxes unpacked and majority of her clothes hung up in the closet. "Man your sister is almost as bad as Alice when it comes to shopping." I told him as we hung up the umpteenth dress. I met her when she began dating our pledge brother Jasper Whitlock but Edward knew her from his hometown in New York. Apparently she grew up down the street from them and ran into Edward on day on campus. "Yeah, Alice can't wait for her to be here. She'll finally have a shopping partner." He chuckled as we headed outside. Edward had gone out yesterday to pick up a U-Haul truck to bring all the furniture from the storage unit to the house. By the time we got all the furniture out the storage unit, closed the account and got back to the house, it was almost 2:30pm. We were bringing in the boxes when Edward's phone started going on. He dropped the boxes off on the living room while I continued on and placed what I had in my arms in the living room of the basement. When I got back upstairs, Edward was leaning up against the truck, slapping his phone against his hand. "Everything okay?" "Yeah; apparently my sister decided to catch an earlier flight so she'll be here in about an hour." He sighed, pulling out more boxes. I groaned and followed his lead, trying to get everything off the truck and into the house as quickly as possible. When we got to the heavier furniture, it was a bit of a slow go but by the time Alice called to say she had picked up his sister, Edward and I had unloaded thee entire truck and had everything in the basement. I was sliding all the boxes into the spare bedroom when I heard Edward calling me. I slid off my packing gloves and ran up the stairs. Edward was in the kitchen chatting it up with who I assumed was his sister and Alice. "Hey Emmett meet my sister, Bella." He smiled at me. I approached the group but found my steps faltered when I caught sight of a brunette beauty. The same brunette beauty I saw last night at the club. "Izzy?" "How did you know that was what I called my sister?" Edward questioned. "I-uh-I didn't. I just- I'm sorry. It's just that you remind me someone I met last night at the club." "Well it couldn't have been her Emmett. Her plane just arrived today. She just got to town today." He laughed incredulous. I laughed lightly with him and apologized. "I'm sorry I'm not Izzy. I'm Isabella but you can call me Bella or Bells. Either is fine." She stuck out her hand for me to shake. As I did, I took in her appearance. She wore a red cropped hoodie with a black shirt underneath, and dark jeans that flared out at the ankle only to reveal stylish custom converse sneakers. "This can't be his sister. They look nothing alike." I thought to myself. Edward had bronze colored hair and stood over 6 feet tall while she looked to be only 5'4. But she was hot. She didn't have a lot of curves but she worked with what she had. Her hair was styled so it fell over one shoulder and down her back with her long bangs swept over her left eye. And speaking of eyes, hers were a bright hazel brown color with specks of gold. "It's nice to meet you Bella." I managed to squeak out embarrassingly.