"Girls, what are you doing here?" Cullen asks us when we enter the waiting room. Carlisle is standing next to a doctor. There's a thick book in his hands. "Anatomy for beginners" is written on its back. "Alice's asshole manager choked her." Bella explains. "I want to have her checked on by a doctor to make sure she's okay." "Carlisle, I'll handle this." The doctor next to him says. "Miss Swan can wait here for her until we are done. What are you waiting for, CC. Come with me. I'll show you how to do a proper examination." A few minutes later, Cullen is shining a little flashlight into my eyes. "Am I doing it right?" Is he doing what right? I blink and look away. "Why is he letting you do that?" The doctor clears his throat. "I'm the official medical consultant on Mr. Cullen's next movie. I mean, Mr. Cullen Junior's first movie." "I get to play a doctor." Cullen announces proudly. "Isn't that amazing? I always wanted to be a doctor." I've seen Cullen's reaction on set when someone sliced his finger on a sheet of paper. He got all green around his nose. The real doctor examines my throat and applies some cooling salve on my neck. "It's going to bruise anyway. You were lucky he didn't break your hyoid." "I'm not going to work with Volturi ever again" Cullen states. "There's no excuse for such a behavior. I hate men who dare to lay a hand on women. My wife's first—," He covers his mouth mid-sentence, like he was about to tell me something he's not supposed to talk about. We all have things we want to hide. Things we want to forget. That's part of life. I feel awkward. My throat begins to ache really badly. "Weren't you supposed to do a vampire movie?" I ask, trying to distract both me and Cullen. "There are vampires in that movie. They are vampires pretending to be human. Isn't that exciting? It's something new." "Well, good luck for it." "Aren't you going to ask me for a role?" I cough. My throat burns. It's hard to swallow and so I cough another time before I can speak up. "Didn't you read the press this morning?" He shakes his head. "Why would I? I have people who read that garbage for me. Today I was extra busy because I was with Dr. Gerandy here all morning long since the break of dawn." I can feel my cheeks blushing crimson when I give Cullen the short version of the Bella and Alice in love story. How I am in love with her. How she's in love with me and how the press chick caught us kissing last night. For an endless minute I watch the time on the wall behind us click slowly forward. Finally Cullen ends the awkward silence. "You think I wouldn't hire you because you are gay? I've hired Hale and he's a drug addict. I mean, he's hopefully going to be clean before we start shooting again in fall. That boy is gifted and so are you, Alice." I blush and stutter a shy thank you to him. "Would I play a human or a vampire in the movie?" "If you play a vampire you'd get to spend more time around your girlfriend. Would you like that?" I nod. I nod several times like an idiot. Cullen scrawls his private cell number onto a piece of paper and demands that I'm to call him in a couple of days so that we can discuss the details on my role. He actually wants my opinion on the role. I've never been asked to do that by a producer. Aro always insisted they hate being criticized. Whatever is left of my pride disappears when a nurse insists Bella has to push me outside in a wheelchair. Security reasons. She insists taking me to her hotel instead of back to my apartment. "The fuckers from the press are probably already waiting there for you." She states. "I booked the hotel room under my stepdad's name." She grins and waves a fake ID with the name Marie Dwyer on it. When I close the door to the hotel room behind us a couple of minutes later, Bella goes on full mother hen mood. She applies more of the cold lotion on my neck and throat. She insists I'm to lie on the couch and don't move a finger while she sits next to me. She puts her hand on my forehead as if she's worried I could develop a fever. "This is wrong." I whisper. "I don't feel ready for being out in the open." "We don't have to announce our engagement tomorrow." Bella says, gently caressing my face with her fingertips. "I just want to spend time with you. I want us to be together." She kisses my knuckles. "You mean a lot to me." You mean a lot to me too, I think in my head. The words don't leave my mouth. I could blame it on the numbing effect of the lotion but the truth is I'm still overwhelmed by the intensity of my feelings for her. I lean forward and kiss her mouth that feels all kind of right when it's pressed against my lips. Much too soon for my liking Bella pulls back. "We should take things slow. You've been hurt today and should rest." Bella plants another very light kiss on my chin and the tip of my nose. "Your skin is like porcelain. It will be easy for them to put on your vampire make-up." "Cullen said you are to play a vampire too." I tell her. "He said that if I decided to play one too, you and I could get to spend more time together on set." "Cullen has the best ideas sometimes. You and I are going to be the most amazing vampires the world has ever seen."