Carlisle shook with him. "Should I still plan on telling Esme alone tonight?" Bella asked. "Or should we invite her over so the three of us can tell her together?" Carlisle's forehead creased. "Don't you think you should be talking to your parents?" "Absolutely," Bella agreed. "But I was hoping to have the support of my god-parents when I did it." "Don't you mean when we do it?" Edward questioned. "While I'd love you to be there, I have a better chance of getting my mother to listen to me if she doesn't know who I'm talking about until she's already fallen for him." "No, we're not doing that. We're not going to be deceitful that way," Edward argued. Carlisle jumped in to agree with Bella. "It's your only choice with Renee. I've known her for nearly thirty years and while she is a lovely woman with a loving heart, she's incredibly stubborn and quick to judge." Edward's phone began to ring and he fished it out of his pocket. "It's Esme. She's probably calling to make sure you delivered the clock." "Well don't keep the lady waiting," Carlisle urged. "And invite her to dinner here tonight. It's best she hear from both of you together." Edward stepped away to answer the call and Carlisle took a seat on the sofa. "This is certainly not how I pictured this day going." "Are you angry with me?" He patted the cushion next to him and once Bella sat down, he took hold of her hand. "It's not anger. It's worry. I love you as if you were my own daughter and your happiness is paramount to my own. The hardships Esme and I faced together … I simply wanted better for you." "Easier is rarely better," she pointed out. "I suppose you're right. It certainly would have been easier for Edward to admit the truth about that silly overpriced car but he believed it was better to protect his partner." "You judged him as a good man and you weren't wrong, Carlisle." Rather than saying anything aloud, Carlisle hugged Bella to him and held her tight. "How do you think Esme will react?" "Far better than me. She doesn't see the freckled face little girl in pigtails the way that I do. She also has a soft spot for Edward which will most likely earn him the chance to explain before she says anything. Esme will probably look at you two and immediately see what I tried vehemently to refute … You love each other." '**************************************' Bella smiled over the top of her champagne flute. "Honeymoon champagne in our honeymoon bed with our honeymoon chocolate covered strawberries with honeymoon whipped cream." Edward laughed. "I'm pretty sure there is a limit on how many times you can use 'honeymoon' in a single sentence and you just passed it." "And now we have honeymoon mocking." He pressed his glass against hers. "To us. Two years, five months, and countless arguments with your mother later, we are finally married." They clinked their glasses together, took a sip of their drinks, and then shared a sweet kiss. "You taste almost as good as these strawberries," she told him. She reached for another of the chocolate covered delights and asked, "Do you remember the strawberry tart at my mother's dinner?" "Remember it? I wore it." She couldn't help giggling. "I'd never seen my mother enraged enough to throw food. I kept expecting her head to start spinning like that one chick from that one movie." "We agreed never to speak of that movie," he warned her. He also dove in and bit off a big chunk of her strawberry. After fending him off with her elbow she told him, "Vaguely referring to it is not speaking of it." "Semantics." Bella reached for his hand and with complete sincerity said, "You've handled everything that's been thrown at us so well—my mother, grad school, my job search. I know you wanted us to be married long before now and I want you to know I appreciate your sacrifices so much." "I got exactly what I wanted. I just had to wait a little longer." "Still not disappointed?" she asked, loving any reason to use the very first inside joke they'd shared together. He answered with a kiss that left her hungry for something other than strawberries and champagne. "Before I forget again, which is likely to happen with mixing your kisses and bubbly, I have it on good authority that you no longer have to wait for Renee to finally fully forgive you for falling in love with me. I overheard Esme and Renee tonight when I was changing to leave from the reception. It seems my mom was calling you her son-in-law weeks before the wedding. Esme thinks my mom only forgave you because she knows you'll give her gorgeous grandbabies. Renee did not deny it either." "Please tell me she won't be one of those mother-in-laws who asks when we'll get pregnant every time she sees us." "I could tell you that, sure, but it wouldn't be true." "You know what, this is our honeymoon and from this point forward I am declaring it a Renee-free zone. We will not think about your mom, or talk about her, starting now and continuing for the next six days." "Let me make sure I have this straight … The wedding planning is completely behind us and there is an embargo on Renee talk. What oh what will we do with all of our free time?" Edward reached across the bed and grabbed the whipped cream can. "I've got this can of whipped cream and a head full of ideas on ways to enjoy it. That'll at least get us through the first few hours." "I love the way you think." She set her glass on the nightstand and pulled him toward her, excited and thrilled that they could finally love each other as husband and wife. THE END