the dust ridden floor. A dead rat, drained of its blood, laid next to him. His hand still gripped it. I wanted to tell him that everything would work out and be okay, that Bella needed him and was waiting for him, that she loved him. But I fell to my knees once I reached him. And for the first time in over two centuries, I prayed. I prayed that he would come out of this okay, that he would wake up from the trance he was in. I prayed for my son and newfound daughter to find the love they shared for each other again as I ran my fingers through Edward's hair, willing him to come back to us. He was unusually still and calm. Soft whispers and sobs broke through his dry lips. Over the course of the next few days, we tried everything to get him to acknowledge our existence. We dripped animal blood into his mouth, water, anything that could bring him sustenance, but nothing really worked. Worry started to take hold deep inside of me. What if I couldn't wake him up? What if I couldn't save him from this, from himself? As February rolled in, I pulled out the pint of Bella's blood and began leaking droplets around him. Her shirt was placed under his head in the hopes that her scent would be strong enough on it that it would wake him up. The most we got out of him were louder murmurs of her name and I love you's whispered. I decided I needed to make some drastic choices, so I called Bella, gave her the latest update on Edward, and then placed the phone near his ear as she began to talk. Her soft voice, cracking with underlying hurt as she tried to hide the pain as she spoke through the phone. "Edward? Do you remember the time in our meadow? That time that we declared ourselves to each other? The lion and the lamb? I wasn't scared then, I was so excited, excited that we were finally being honest with one another. That you felt something for me, just as I had felt something for you. I think I loved you even more then. To be honest, I think I fell in love with you that first moment of Biology, when your eyes met mine." He stirred a bit, his hands twitched at this sides as her voice continued on. "Do you know that I miss you? That all I want in this world is to see you again? I don't care the circumstances, or what we are to each other, just that I get to see you again." A broken whisper broke through, an agonized filled call of Bella broke through Bella's voice. She halted her one sided conversation and sighed, 'oh, Edward, I love you'. "I love you, Edward. I don't think I could ever love another. Please, Edward. Find me, find our love. Come back to me." I grabbed the phone and began to say my goodbyes to Bella, that I was sure that we would see her soon. Her sobs began take over the phone, and I noticed then, that Edward had shifted and tried to move closer to the sound of her sobs. We were getting somewhere. I hung up and placed my phone back in my pocket as I decided to force Edward's mouth open and drop the remaining drops of Bella's blood into his mouth. It was risky, but I knew it would be worth it. And it was. On the dawn of February 7th, my son finally opened his eyes again, finally moved and breathed in a lungful of air. The first thing he asked for was Bella, and I knew that we would be okay, that we would come out of this. Once I had him fed and he seemed a bit stronger, I began to tell him my theories and what I had done and how I had found him. It was a lot for him to take on all at once, but I knew Edward, and knew he would want to know everything immediately. As soon as the others went to hunt themselves, I pulled my son into my arms and held him. I refused to let him go. I just...held him. I needed it as much as he did, maybe even more. Never again would I allow him to run from his fears, never again would I let him walk from this family, for he was such an important part of it. The joy I felt as I watched him get better and stronger, was simply indescribable. He was becoming a much stronger man in my eyes, as he made sure to be all he could be so that he could return to Bella. I thought to myself that the scare of his hallucination had made him more sure of himself, more confident in himself and his love for Bella. I knew he still had a long way to go, but he was getting there, and the pride I had for him was pouring out of me with each new stride he hit in his recovery. On the trip home to Forks, I sensed a change in him. He was happier, his smile wider and the love that poured out from him and showed in his eyes made me sure that he was never going to hurt Bella again, that this was it, that his returning would bring him everything that he may have wanted before, but wouldn't allow himself to have. Their reunion made my dead heart swell, the way she ran to him, the smile that overtook her face, was what made all of the hurt, the struggles in the past few months all worth it. I had my family again. I had my daughter. But most importantly, we were fixed and healing. We no longer had a few missing pieces. We were finally whole.