still in a good mood. He put the box aside and picked it up. He began moving the hinge that was still attached to it. "The hinge was loose, you might have to change the whole thing." That did nothing to improve my sullen mood. "And that counter top needs to be replaced." I wanted to immediately refute his evaluation, but the hole between the counter top and the sink, made my argument moot. "Great." I said, loathing the overall decay of insignificant furniture. It was like an omen of bad things to come. "Don't worry, I can fix it." to my surprise, he wasn't being sarcastic. "Really?" forever smiling, he nodded. "Just need some tools and some supplies and we'll be good to go. We can go around the house and see if anything else needs work. That way if you ever want to crash here, you don't have to be afraid that a ceiling tile will drop on your head." For once his enthusiasm seemed to move me. "That would be great, Jake. Thanks." he grinned widely in response and I realized that that was the most positive thing I had said since I'd been here. "Come on kids!" yelled Billy from the drivewar where he'd been talking to the moving guys "let's go get some dinner before we head back home, I'm starving!" Jake seemed excited. "You'll love it, Bella, they have the best Rocky Road ever." I grinned. Genuinely. I followed him out and saw a very impatient Billy gesturing for us to get in the car already. 6. Charlie's plans to get me to school never came to fruition since by the time my middle school certificate was delivered it was the middle of the school year. We were going to wait until after the summer to enroll me in high school. He died before that happened. Billy however, didn't even think that being homeschooled was an option and enrolled me in Forks High School as soon as he was able. I would go to school in town since he wanted me to be able to socialize outside the reservation. So five months after Charlie's death, I was the new student in Forks High School. I felt anxious from the moment I was in the parking lot. I had never actually been in a building with so many people at the same time for longer than a couple of minutes. Jake had been teasing me all week, making me even more nervous. Regardless of how amusing it was to be teased and tease him back, now all his jokes were taking a toll on my already faltering confidence. Jake liked to make fun of the big words I used, the fact that according to him I'd read more books than I was required to do in a lifetime and that I never watched television because I found it uninteresting. I knew he liked me regardless, but what if others did not share his opinion and only thought of me as weird? Billy had given me his old truck as a welcome gift, so I drove it to school. I loved it since I was fascinated by the prospect of having something that was just my own. I went in the building and found the administrative offices easily. "Hi, I'm Bella Swan." I said to the only person in the small office. She was wearing a purple shirt and I wondered if wearing a sweater would make me look overdressed. I never really minded the weather so I never knew if others were cold or not, I mostly guessed. She watched me curiously and then smiled widely after a brief pause. "Welcome, Isabella, we've been waiting for you." she said with a smile and pried her eyes away from me. She took a piece of paper from a pile of folders and handed it to me. "Here is your schedule. I need you to ask your teachers on every class to sign it and at the end of the day, I'll take it back." I nodded, taking the paper. "Thank you." I said and turned around. I hadn't completely stepped outside of the office when someone approached me. "Hi!" He greeted me looking too perky for a Monday morning. I turned towards him and forced a friendly smile. "Hello." His eyes widened a little and he was quiet for a long time. "I'm Eric, you must be Bella." he stretched out his hand and I took it. He seemed nervous, a little fidgety. He looked at our hands. "You have very warm hands." Before I had time to panic about him noticing that, I noticed he was smiling widely. "Nice." he said and dropped my hand. "Come on, I'll show you where your first class is." I followed him and relaxed. So far, so good. Maybe school wouldn't be so bad. People were staring, but then again, it seemed appropriate since I was new to the school. The rest of the day I met more people, they were all very friendly. I particularly remembered three girls, Jessica, Angela and Lauren. And aside from Eric, a boy named Mike that took over Eric's job of showing me the school as soon as we were introduced. When I made it home, Jake surprised me by making dinner to celebrate my first day of school. He made pasta and salad but the best part was the dessert, he got some more of my favorite ice cream and a huge box of licorice just for me. Billy on the other hand, wanted to hear all about my day. We ate, played monopoly and then Jake and I watched TV before bed. These things reminded me of Charlie. I fell asleep with my head leaned on Jake's shoulder, I was already more content than I thought I would be again. People were not as scary as I'd thought, I realized with shock that I was looking forward to what lay ahead.