they met. For starters, Emmett was American. He'd been expecting someone entirely different, which was something he knew he shouldn't do—assuming and passing judgment on someone. Emmett was certainly one of a kind, and the two quickly became friends. It was hard not to like him with his contagious, outgoing, charismatic, boisterous personality. Emmett was also what you would have called "the class clown," and he'd brought a lot of laughter with him. He had also proven himself loyal one night not long after they met, solidifying their friendship and igniting a strong brotherly bond. Whenever Emmett was in town—he hadn't made England his home yet—the both of them along with Jasper could always be found together. "Hey, Purple One, how's—" "What?" Edward asked through a laugh, baffled by Emmett's usual but weird choices of nicknames. "Just one of the many names 'The Artist Formally Known as Prince' gave himself." "Ah. Good one." He chuckled; Emmett never failed to amuse him. "What can I do for you today?" "Always so proper," Emmett mocked in a failed attempt at his broken foreign British accent. The guy cracked him up. "Well," he drawled on, "I was wondering if you might be able to help me out. I'm sort of in a bind." "What kind of bind?" Edward asked with concern as he laid down the script he had to memorize for one of many charitable events scheduled for the day after Christmas—Boxing Day. "This has to stay between us. I couldn't ask Jazz for help, so I'm coming to you, and I'm trusting you not to say anything," he sighed. "Okay, here goes… I still haven't gotten Rose a Christmas gift," he groaned, "and I was hoping I might be able to ask you for some help. I mean, not to play the Prince card, but I figured…" "Nothing like waiting until the last minute, Em. We're all due at my parents in a few hours." "I know this, homes, I know this," Emmett groaned, clearly frustrated. "God, I've tried, man—for days—and I'm still coming up empty!" Edward ran a hand through his hair, a bad habit of his that couldn't be helped when he felt stressed out or anxious about something. He hadn't had to think of what to buy a female in quite some time. His mother, sister, and niece didn't count, as there were no romantic ties that applied when giving them gifts. He definitely could see how Emmett might have a hard time trying to find the perfect gift for Rosalie, of all people, but he was just as clueless. Think, Edward, think! "Not a problem. Relax. I could see why you'd second-guess your choice of gift when it comes to Rosalie. Why don't you swing by and we'll think of some—" Edward's words stopped short as the framed photograph on the mantel caught his eye; a pearl glowed, reflecting the fire below. Bingo, Watson! "On second thought, I might actually have something, Emmett." Edward grinned to himself. "If you like it, it's yours." "Really? You have something on you? Now?" "Yes. Come to think of it, I do." "Thanks HRH." Emmett blew out a big, relieved breath. "I owe you one." "How about you drop all the prince jibes?" Edward asked in mock seriousness. "Not a chance," Emmett shot back with a boisterous laugh. "See you soon." Edward smirked and set his phone back down on his desk. Knowing Rosalie's ostentatious tastes, he'd wager she would adore the gift he'd purchased a while back that now sat upstairs in one of the safes. It was just one of many things Edward was ready to part with, and having never had the opportunity to present the gift to its intended recipient, he was glad to be able to rid himself of it. He rose from his seat and walked over to her picture with a rare smile on his face. "The season is about giving, not about receiving, Edward." Liz smiled sweetly up at him, his arms wrapped around her waist. "Receiving… is that right?" Edward smiled as he leaned in closer to her and started to bend his face down to hers. "Well, if that's what it's about," he whispered as his breath danced across her awaiting lips, "I guess I'm all about giving this year." He closed the remaining distance and pressed his mouth to hers. "You see?" she said breathlessly as they pulled apart. "That was all I wanted." "Thank you, Elizabeth. Merry Christmas." AN: I hope you enjoyed this holiday outtake. I'm not sure how many of these we will have in the future but I cannot say that I won't ever write another. I am from America and I know that cultures, customs, beliefs and religions are very different and are spread worldwide. I think they are all beautiful and to be treasured as I come from just one of the hundreds of upbringing. As I am from the US I had to (once again) do a bit of research on how Christmas is usually celebrated over in the UK. It was hard to say the least, but it was also fun and knowledgeable to be able to get a bit of cultural background from another country during my most cherished and loved holiday. I tried to combine as many of my own traditions and customs with my celebrated holiday and the way it is celebrated over in England (according to Google and a few other wiki sites). I happened to find that the day after Christmas, December 26th is another favorite holiday to many over in the UK as well as Ireland. It is called Boxing Day. I think it may even work its way into this American's household this year. This being said, I mean absolutely no offense if all my research is not entirely correct and as I had mentioned it was easier for me to combine my knowledge and Google's information for this outtake. Happy Holidays everyone! -Kris Bliss