I said sadly. "Now how in the world did you manage that? " He asked with a mixture of concern and amusement. "I pissed off a vampire." His eyes bulged out of his head. " What the hell was a filthy leech doing at your school? " He demanded. "There were actually five of them." He looked disturbed at the news. Then he sighed. " Call your father now. Tell him you need to go to the hospital. I'm not going to let you suffer with that. It could heal wrong. " I muttered about him being annoyingly pushy but I grabbed my cellphone. Luckily I only had to press one button. I asked my phone to call Charlie and it connected me. "Hello? Bells? What's going on?" He asked. "I think I have to go to the hospital dad. I just got home but I think I broke my arm." I heard the screeching of tires on the other end of the line. "I'll be right there to pick you up." With that he hung up on me. I loved that he didn't ask questions about what happened. It was only a matter of minuets before he picked me up and got me to the hospital. He went in and talked to one of the nurses. "Okay Bells, I requested one of the best Doctors I know of. I'll be right out here if you need me." The nurse started walking so I quickly followed. She brought me into a room with a large X-ray machine. "The Doctor will be with you shortly." She then turned and left the room. She wasn't kidding when she said shortly. Only seconds later the door opened and he walked in. Blond hair, snow white skin, golden eyes.. well shit.. "Hello, I am Dr. Cullen. I hear you have hurt your arm? Mind if I take a look at it?" "God, not another one." I said backing away from him. "Is Forks infested with you?" He looked confused before a look of understanding dawned on his face. "I take it you met my children? I know some of them seem a little rough around the edges but they are all nice once you get to know them." I snorted. "You consider breaking someones arm a little rough around the edges?" I asked him. Again he looked confused. "Well I already have two messed up arms. What are you doing to break? My legs maybe my neck? You Cullen's seem to be pretty damn violent." His curious look changed into one of anger. "Are you telling me one of my children did this?" I just nodded as I realized I probably shouldn't provoke another vampire. What the hell was wrong with me lately. He got to work X-raying my arm. "Which one was it." He asked halfway through the X-ray process. "Excuse me?" "Which of my kids did this." Apparently he could tell that the break wasn't from some fall or something. I don't think he had believed me at first. Seeing how the bone was broken he could now see I wasn't lying. "Edward." I muttered. He growled for a second but aside for that he stayed silent as he worked on resetting the bone. After a while he had my bone all fixed up and a cast on my arm. I got up to leave. I wanted to get away from him as soon as possible. He grabbed onto me though. What was it with vampires and their grabby hands? "You said both of your arms were messed up. Let me take a look at the other one." I figured I really didn't have anything to lose. He unwrapped the bandage from my other arm and gasped at the bite mark. "How..How did you get this?" "Giant black wolf in the woods bit me." He scoffed. "They always demanded that we stick to the treaty and now they are the ones who are hurting people?" His eyes had gone from gold to black. I could only assume that was a bad thing. "If it's any constellation it was actually just a dream." "Wait you dreamed of a big black wolf biting you and you woke up with this?" I nodded and sort of enjoyed the confusion. "Well that's not normal." I shook my head. "I could of figured that out myself Dracula, but thanks for clarifying." "you know what..You know what I am?" He asked doubtfully. "Vampire stink isn't hard to miss. Neither is the ice cold skin, the funky eyes and the death glares I tend to get from them." I don't know why but the constant flip between confusion and Anger was amusing to me. "What are you?" He asked in a dead serious tone. "Just like I told your son, I am human." I was waiting for him to attack like Edward did. "You don't smell completely human. Humans think vampires smell wonderful. And humans don't know of our kind." "Like I said, I'm just human." He didn't look satisfied with my answer but he nodded. He finally opened the door and let me leave the room. I walked quickly over to Charlie and asked if we could go home. He put his arm around my shoulder and led me out of the hospital. On the way home I called Jake and asked if he would mind coming over the next day instead. I just wanted to get some rest. He reluctantly agreed and I hung up. When we got home I ran up to my room, got into bed and drifted off into a dreamless sleep. I had somehow managed to survive my first full day in Forks although it wasn't without difficulty. Now I just had to come with a survival plan for the rest of the week. If you have any questions about the story, or any kind of mythical creature you would like to see in it just let me know through a review. :)