on my stomach. I screamed as I turned on my side and rolled on my stomach. The pain is terrible; I don't think I will be able to do anything without hurting myself. "I am so sorry you are in pain." Edward said with so much hurt in his voice. I tried to grab his hand but the pain only allowed me to move an inch. "The medicine should kick in soon." Carlisle assured me. Carlisle began to rub the cold, wet substance all around my backside. The chill of the cold substance and Carlisle's cold hands soothe the bruises and kept them from aching. Once he was finished we all sat there in comfortable silence. "Bella, may I ask you something?" Carlisle asked. I tried to nod but it wasn't working out. "Go ahead." I say weakly as I crawled onto Edward. He sighs. "Why did you leave?" He asked gently. I froze not moving an inch and barely breathing. "Bella, love, are you okay?" Edward asks. I began to bawl again. Edward rubbed soothing circles on my back. "Bella, can you tell me what's wrong?" He asks softly. I cry harder and it began to sound more like screaming. After a while I stopped cry and just screamed, trying to let the pain of her leave my body. "She's gone!" I cry into Edward's chest. "Who's gone?" Carlisle asked lightly. I cry harder. "She gone, dead and he lied!" I yelled sniffing trying to calm down. "She wasn't even there because she's dead." I cry. "She was the only person I had. The only person that really understood what I was going through. We did everything together; we had a bond and now she is gone. What pisses me off most about it is he said it like he didn't care that she was dead." I say crying. "I hate Charles Swan." I say low and hateful. "May I be alone, please?" Edward kissed my forehead and he and Carlisle leaves, closing the door behind them. I cried for hours that night. I feel like a part of me has left with her. We had a bond, a very strong, secure, trusted bond. She was the only reason I looked forward to coming to Charlie's house during breaks and the summer. Of course we both liked it better when she would come to Phoenix to visit. I woke up finding Edward lying next to me and my head on his chest and his arm around my waist. Considering the night I had, I am thankful to wake up like this. I get out of bed, take a shower, get dressed, and me and Edward walk down stairs finding Emse cooking me pancakes. "Good morning." She says. I sent her a weak smile. I don't feel like talking. I ate slowly, not really hungry but knew I should eat. Esme came to take the plate once I was finish eating; once the plate was gone I crossed my arms on the table and laid my head on them. "You want to talk about it?" Jasper said sitting down across from me. I didn't hear him come up. I shrugged. "Well may I ask a question?" I tried to shrug again but the pain in my shoulders wouldn't allow it. "Are you upset about what Charlie did or something else?" He asked. I tried hard to keep the tears from spilling. Not wanting to speak, I shook my head no for the first part of his question. He let out a deep sigh. "Who is she?" He asked carefully. I couldn't hold my tears back and ran upstairs crying. Edward's POV "I hate seeing her like this." Esme says sitting down next to Carlisle on the couch. "What makes it all worse is that we don't know why she is feeling the way she is." Rosalie says softly. "What can we do to make her feel better?" Jasper asks. Everyone sighs thinking about what to do. I don't think there is anything we can do. Bella just needs time to mourn about who ever the girl is that she is crying about, Rosalie thinks . "I have to agree with Rose." I say even though I deeply wish there was something I could do to help. "What was your idea sweetie?" Esme asks politely. "Well I don't think there is much we can do. Bella just needs to mourn." Rose replies. "I wish I knew who the girl was." Alice sighs after she spoke. "Seems like who ever she was, they were best friends." Jaspers says. "I'm sure they had to know each other their entire lives." Esme says shaking her head. "I'm not sure about that. If this girl knew her, her entire life, then she would've tried to help Bella somehow." Carlisle says, speaking for the first time. Everyone was silent after that, not knowing what to say. I hate thinking about my Bella so upset. Crying so much isn't good for her. I want to comfort her and just be there for her but I am not sure if she still wants to be alone or not. I walk upstairs and peak my head in the room. She's sitting on the bed with her knees pulled up to her chest and her arms around her legs. "Hi love, may I come in?" I ask hesitantly. She nods her head. I slip into the room quietly and close the door than sit on the bed next to her. She climbed on my lap and wrapped her arms around my neck and held me tight. I put my arms around her back, kissing her forehead. We sat that way for the rest of the night. She cried a little bit then would stop then cry some more then stop, at 8 she fell asleep as I held her for the rest of the night. Who is she? How many of you wish you knew who 'she' was? Review please!