full on. Hard, demanding, sucking in that bottom lip just like I used to, and listened for her breath to hitch the second my tongue met hers. Again, I wasn't disappointed. "Compound," was all I said before I climbed on my bike, started it up and drove like a bat out of hell towards home. Once I brought her back through to my room, I let her eyes wander my walls. I knew the second she found the one picture that meant anything to me when she let out a sob. It was a picture of us from ten years before, outside Charlie's. Her ass was planted on my old Harley, huge smile on her face while she had her arms wrapped around me. I had longer hair then, my scruffy beard, shades on, but there was no mistaking my happiness of having her on my bike. That picture showed what heaven was like. "You still have it? After all these years?" she asked, a tear escaping down the right side of her cheek. "Yeah, Iz," I whispered. "You've always been with me. In my heart, my soul. My memory." I walked toward her, grabbing her hands to pull her to me and wipe away that lonesome tear. "Why?" She sobbed. "Why did you just up and leave me all those years ago. I loved you!" I sighed, hoping that my admission wouldn't fuck up the whole night. "I forgot to place the woman I loved, and still love, above everything. Above me, my club, my life. I fucked up, Iz. I more than fucked up. I went with what our then president wanted and ended up in prison for the last nine years for some things I'm really not fucking proud of." She was quiet, too quiet, so I continued on. "I never really wanted to leave you. I know this is a weak ass excuse, but I didn't, but I think my sense of wanting to belong, wanting a family was stronger." She hit me then, rage overtaking her features. "We could've had a family, you asshole! I should've been good enough to be that shelter, that place for you. I know you wanted the MC, but… " Bella slunk down on to my bed, shoulders hunched. I sat down next to her, grabbing her hand and entwining our fingers. "I know, Iz. I know that now, and I shouldn't have been afraid and just embraced it. But I guess I thought I was invincible and would be able to come back to you after all was said and done. I was stupid." She said nothing for a long while, just sat there, slowly running her fingers up and down mine in our clasped hands. "Why now? Why are you back now? I mean… I hoped and wished." She turned her head, her eyes sad, and then laid her head down on my shoulder. "I'm here to fix us. To give us the life we should've had. The one I was too immature then to grasp. But I am back, and I fucking promise there will not be another goodbye, nor will my MC come before you again." Bella lunged for me, wrapping her arms around me and kissed me with all she had. Her fingers ran down my neck, softly digging her nails in as she went. She pulled my vest off, letting it fall to the floor. My shirt was next, and then she abruptly stopped and ran her finger over the ink across my heart. It was simple and only in black ink. But it was a swan with a flowing script that had two simple words. 'My Iz' . Bella kissed my lips harshly, and then kissed my tattoo, her tongue darting out to taste my skin. My fingers ran up her back, slowly bringing up her shirt. I tossed it somewhere on the floor, and her bra followed next. We took our time, shedding each other of our clothes, kissing whatever available skin we could find. Moans and short breaths escaped us as our fingers and tongues explored. I rolled her over, pressing her down into the bed as my body aligned with hers. I pushed my cock in roughly, eliciting that sharp, deep moan she'd always unleash the minute I'd get inside her. I pushed deep, slowly stroking in and out. I held my weight up so I could watch her face as I slowly made the sweetest, yet harshest love to her. Hoping that I was re-branding myself inside of her, never to be replaced. "Tell me you're always mine, Iz," I demanded as I pounded in a bit harder. "Tell me you know that I've always loved you." My fingers ran down her neck, down her sternum, across her belly button until I reached her clit and began rubbing in soft, slow circles. "Tell me that you love me. I need it, Iz. I need my Iz back." A traitorous tear made its way down the side of her face. "I want my E back, too." She pushed back against me the next thrust that I gave. "I want to hear that you love me and that I will always be yours." I quickened my pace, grunting as my finger continued to play with clit, harder and faster until I felt the telltale signs of her walls clamping down around me. I watched in absolute rapture as her body arched against me as she gave in to her orgasm. It was beauty and torture all at once. I thrust in one last time, groaning out my release. I kissed her neck softly, whispering my love for her. I pulled back and looked down at her, kissed her lips and we both at the same time admitted that I was hers, and she was mine. Ten years. A decade of regret. But now, I had my Iz back, and I had ten years to make up for. I'd better get started.