and traces the shell of her ear with his icy tongue. "You. Please, sir?" she rasps out. "More specific, Miss Bella," he encourages, pumping his fingers harder into her burning center and she feels herself on the verge of an orgasm but then he stops. Her eyes fly open to glare at him. She's met with humor. "I've decided to give you a second bite," he informs her as he scoots down between her legs. He slides two of his fingers back inside of her hitting her g-spot and nibbles gently on her clit causing her to cum almost instantly. "Come for me, Miss Bella." She feels her body shake intensely as she calls out to God. When she returns from her high she feels him licking up the come in her folds and looks at him questioningly. "I thought you were gonna bite me?" she asked very confused. He smiled widely. "I did and mmm... you are delicious, sugar." She wished she could have propped herself up on her elbows and look between her legs for some sign that he had bitten her. There was nothing on his face, no scars that she could see from her restrained position, no burning sensation except…. Oh. She looked back into his eyes and he smiled widely. "Yep," he said with yet another smirk. Her clit tingled wildly but it wasn't painful it was strangely erotic, like it was overly sensitive after using a vibrator. She stared down between her legs. He chuckled and crawled up her like a lion after his prey. "See it won't hurt much." He laid his frigid marble body against her and the cooling sensation combined with his weight felt nice. She could feel his erection rubbing against her clit with each little movement he made and it is horribly sensitive causing her to buck and squirm. He chuckled again. "Hold still," he commanded while licking along her collar bone. She nods but realizing he can't really see her, she starts to speak but he leans up kissing her deeply. She feels him slide his cock into her as his tongue enters her mouth. She moans loudly from both and he begins to pump slowly into her. Each thrust she can feel the tingling vibrations in her clit and she is so glad in this moment that he chose to bite her there. She begins thrusting back into him moaning and occasionally letting out an expletive. He halts his movement and glares at her. "If you want me to finish you will hold still," he warns with evil expression. She stares at him afraid in that moment of his strength and power over her. "Okay," she squeaks out. He begins kissing down her neck letting her breathe and she feels her orgasm warming in her abdomen, as he resumes his thrusting. This is going to be the best orgasm she has ever had. "Harder…faster…." She requests through labored breathing and he responds with his body. "As you wish," he whispers quietly into her breast as he takes a nipple in his mouth. She wants to wrap her legs around him and feel his cold body against hers but she remains still until he picks one of her legs up and places it on his shoulder, sending him deeper into her heat. This is more than she can take, and she calls out, "I'm commmmmminnng….." she feels the bite she has forgotten about into her breast. It's painful and sexy and she feels her walls clamp tighter around him sending her into a frenzied orgasm. White lights burst behind her eyes and she can't hear or see anything, she feels like she is floating, there is no one else there. What feels like minutes pass and she begins to realize she is panting, opening her eyes she tries to gain focus. Jasper's head is between her legs but she still can't feel him, can't hear anything. Slowly her senses come back and she feels the slight burn in her breast and she looks to see the silver scar on her skin. She's finally able to feel him as he continues to lap at her folds and clit. She realizes her clit is tingling even more than before and wonder if he bit her there again. She suddenly feels the hyper sensitivity of her clit and squeezes her legs around his head trying to get him to stop. He continues, easily holding her legs apart. "Please," she whispers through ragged breaths. "What?" he looks up at her in question. "Stop. No more. Please. Too sensitive," she pants out. He smiles widely. "As you wish," he says again but gives her folds and clit one more languorous lick causing her to try and jump away from him, to which he just laughs. "I guess my job here is done. Do you want help to the shower?" he asks and she just shakes her head as he releases her arms and begins rubbing the soreness out of them. "Do you want me to stay?" She nods her head and he crawls up to lie with her covering her up first with the comforter that was tossed on the floor. "Mistress Alice will be pleased. She asks that you let her know about our time together. She'll want to know if you enjoyed it and if it was enough to be forgiven. She wanted this to be perfect for you. I did all I could," he spoke into her auburn hair as she was fighting off sleep to listen to him. Once he stopped talking she allowed herself to succumb to sleep, knowing she'd need to call Mistress Alice in the morning to forgive her and thank her for the special gift. So? Hungry? This One-shot now available in PDF format. If you are interested please PM me your email. Make sure it appears as -yourname-carrier-dot-com- otherwise fanfic won't let it through I get a blank in the place of your email.