call her name. I chose the latter. "Bella?" I called softly. I really didn't want to wake her. There was no response so I decided I would check to see if her eyes were open or closed. I cautiously walked around the foot of the bed to the other side. She was awake. Her flat brown eyes bore right through me. I remembered earlier and realized at that moment that I couldn't feel any emotions from her. I stood silently in her room feeling for them and her eyes locked with mine. Those eyes told the same story Charlie had. She was broken. Her soul was broken, not just her heart. It was heart breaking to see the lack of shine in her eyes. Her face was sallow with her skin taught over her cheekbones and deep purple circles under her eyes. Her hair was flat and dull just like her eyes; no shine. Her skin looked dry, pale, and even papery. She was too thin. Bones poked out from everywhere. She looked more dead than alive. Other than her staring at me, she hadn't acknowledged me. We stared at each other for about a minute before I tried again. "Bella?" She just continued to stare at me. I got the feeling that maybe she wasn't sure if I was real. I had decided to try talking to her. "Bella? It's me Jasper. I'm here. I'm here alone." I figured I better let her know she wasn't going to see anyone else. Her heart rate and breathing began to increase. I continued to talk to her, trying to get a response. Charlie said she would answer if asked a question directly. Though she never spoke to him when he told her I was here. "Bella? How are you doin', darlin'? I'm in town for a few days and wondered if you wanted to hang out?" I let my southern accent take over. Usually the ladies enjoyed it. She was almost panting, her heart was racing, and she just stared at me silently. I wasn't sure if I should try to calm her down before she started hyperventilating or not. I decided to wait a minute. I wasn't sure it would work anyway since I couldn't feel anything from her. That was unnerving to say the least. "Bella, your dad told me what happened. I'm so sorry, darlin'! We had no idea. Edward asked us-" "AHHHHHHHHHHH!" she screamed bloody murder and wrapped her arms around her chest. She shuffled back towards the headboard hastily and began rocking herself. She stared straight ahead seeing nothing. Charlie raced into the room to check on her. "He's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone, he's gone…" she whispered repeatedly. "What happened? What happened?" he asked frantic and enraged. He glared at me and I was sure at that moment if looks could kill a vampire, I'd be six feet under. He sat on the bed and wrapped his arms around Bella. She pulled away from him and began rocking faster, while continuing her mantra. I looked on stunned with wide eyes as the once beautiful creature had been reduced to a shell of a human being. "What happened?" Charlie growled at me. "I was trying to talk to her. To get her to acknowledge me. I told her that you told me what happened. I tried to explain that E-" Charlie narrowed his eyes at me, I stopped, and at that moment I realized what I had done. I said his name. OH SHIT! Charlie had said she couldn't handle it. How could I be so stupid!? "Oh," was all I could say quietly with realization. "Please wait for me downstairs?" Charlie asked, through gritted teeth. I nodded and made my way downstairs. Oh My God! What happened here? I am going to kill Fuckward! He better hope Alice checks his future, because he isn't going to have one for much longer. This was not breaking up with someone, this was breaking someone. What did he do? This isn't normal! Alice and I broke up after nearly a half a century together. We had thought we were soul mates and neither of us went through this heartbreak! Sure we were both hurt but we realized it just wasn't working between us. It was mutual and she cried, I stayed strong and held her while she dry sobbed for a day. But Bella, she was catatonic for a month and cried for a week! She looks more dead than alive. She doesn't talk, eat, or sleep. She's barely human. I made my way back to the chair in the living room where Charlie and I last talked. I listened while he was upstairs trying to sooth her and she continued to repeat 'he's gone'. I felt so guilty that I caused her more pain. I shouldn't have come. I shouldn't have said anything. I should have just left when she didn't answer after I called her name. But I didn't. I made things worse. And despite the fear and sadness in her eyes when I said his name, I still felt nothing from her. I was able to feel her emotions before. What did that mean? Was she truly dead on the inside? Was she blocking me? If so, how? Was this related to the same reason Fuckward couldn't read her mind? I thought about calling Carlisle to ask. They knew I was on a vacation. They don't know where I was going, though. But they also didn't know about Bella. And I thought they needed to know. Charlie came down about five minutes later. I listened and Bella was still chanting 'he's gone' but her heart rate and breathing had slowed. Charlie came into the living room glaring at me. His anger wasn't as bad as when I got here, but it was definitely directed at me this time, and not just because I was a Cullen. I fucked up, bad. "Well?" Charlie growled.