I told you I just wanted a ride. As Emmett heard this he relaxed. He was okay with his girlfriend just riding me ? I thought she was my girlfriend? In 6 weeks she never mentioned Emmett! He came over to me. "Thanks man. You did well," he said as he patted me on the back and I just stood dumbfounded. This couldn't be happening again. This couldn't be happening again. My brain said repeatedly. I watched as she hooked her arm on his and they walked off towards his bike. He got on and she hopped on behind him without a second thought. Her tight red dress rode up her milky white thighs and I stood there staring. Staring as they rode off into the night together. My brain recalled my time with her as I stood there frozen, in the February temperatures in nothing more than my suit, I'm not sure how long I was there. I really could not figure where I went wrong. It happened again. I was a fun ride. She said it, Maria said it first. Countless, nameless, faceless women in my life have said it. I just thought she was different she was a cops daughter, a good girl; she was shy, sweet, innocent. Now, that I think about it though, I knew she was dangerous. I knew she had that wicked smile. I knew she had the devil inside and I ignored it. My heart was breaking as I realized I was going to be alone forever. That my looks were a curse. I've heard about it with women, how they think they are no one but a pretty face, but that's what I am. I put my heart out there. I had planned to tell her tonight that I loved her. I had a locket in my pocket with our pictures in it for her. I knew I was leaning against my car thinking about how I would never be anything, I would never have anyone. I couldn't see. It was just darkness. I couldn't hear. The street noises weren't around me. I was inside myself. I was in the nothingness I had retreated to when Maria stomped on my heart in front of everyone at school. We were the perfect couple. We never fought. Then one day she just said she never loved me. She was gone. Bella was gone. She never loved me. I'm not lovable, I'm not worth loving. My mind cycled through the torture, the nothingness closing around me. I didn't care anymore. Life alone wasn't for me. Valentine's Day was for love and lovers. I was just a good ride. I felt pain at first. As I saw her leave but then it was just numbness, nothingness, a heaviness I couldn't explain and didn't even want to try. My soul was ripped out of me. I was soulless and would never have anyone. The next thing I knew I woke up in a hospital looking room. "Mr. Whitlock?" a voice sounded from next to me. I looked over to see a lovely older looking woman who had the same kind of bronze hair as Edward. I knew his mom was a nurse, I wondered if this was her. In the three years that I had known him I'd never met his family. "Yes?" I responded in a whisper my throat was sore and scratchy. "Do you know where you are?" she inquired, looking at me kindly. I just shook my head no but answered, "The hospital?" She gave me a sad look. "You're at the West Seattle Psychiatric Hospital," she stated serenely. I gaped at her. "What?" I asked, looking frantically around. This was not a hospital bed and I wasn't hooked to any monitors. She was sitting at the side of my bed just watching me. "When? How? Where?" I couldn't even form sentences or thoughts. The last thing I remembered was Bella leaving me. I clutched at my chest at the thought of Bella leaving me, Maria leaving me. I looked at her while the pain threatened to overtake me. I needed answers. She began to speak, only I don't think I could have ever been ready to hear what came out of her mouth. "Mr. Whitlock, you have been here for 3 years. Do you remember anything?" she asked calmly. Three years? WTF? "When? Huh?" I asked very confused. I've been asleep for three years? What am I fucking Rip Van Winkle here? My brain was on overdrive, my heart was threatening to crush me, and I was beginning to hyperventilate. "Mr. Whitlock! Mr. Whitlock calm down. Tell me what you remember," she said placing her hand on my arm and I felt immediately calmer at her touch. I told her about Bella, Valentine's Day night. "What year is it?" she asked all of a sudden. She did say I had been here for three years. "Ummm 2010. I think?" I said unsure of myself and she nodded making a few notes on a clipboard. "Mr. Whitlock do you know my name?" she asked cautiously. I shook my head no. I honestly had no clue unless she was Edward's mom, but I didn't think she was a psychiatric nurse. "Okay. Well, we'll help you get some things straightened out. I'll go get the doctor for you. My name is Nurse Edwards," she said as she stood and turned to the leave the room. WHAT? Nurse Edwards? As in Edward? They had the same weird hair color. I mulled over that information recalling with perfect detail Edward and his similarities to the nurse were striking. Just then a man walked through the door wearing a long white lab coat. As I looked into his blue sparkling eyes he introduced himself. "Mr. Whitlock, my name is Doctor McCarty but you can call me Emmett," he said sitting down in the chair Nurse Edwards had been using and looking at a clipboard. And everything went black.