love to be." I kick his leg underneath the table. We discussed this. I told him that he needs to tell Irina her love interest in him is fruitless. He's supposed to do it in a nice way. I care too much about my cousin to see her unhappy. An hour later, Kate is serving strawberries filled with dark chocolate to our special guest while back in the kitchen Irina is stuffing white chocolate into her mouth. Her tears are the sullen tears of a child. It hurt her pride more than her heart when Jasper casually mentioned his boyfriend back home. "He doesn't even look gay," She whines, breaking off another piece from the chocolate. It disappears between her lips. "Gay men are supposed to look gay, to give a warning to women to not fall in love with them." My mother and aunt laugh. Sasha hugs her daughter and kisses her temple. "Honey, many men are going to turn you down in your life. You need to learn to suck it up and not cry over it." She cuts a piece from the caramel crusted apple pie up and places it on a plate. "Here honey, eat something." Irina has just eaten a diabetic causing amount of chocolate, but whatever helps her to forget Jazz, I am fine with it. My aunt's solution to every problem in the world is food. Have a broken heart? Eat something sweet to heal it up. Have a sore throat? Try some lemon-juiced chicken soup. It's a miracle none of her four children are overweight. "Mom, I'm going home now to check on Nana." I tell my mother, hugging her tightly. "Tell Edward I said hi when he shows up here." My older brother and I aren't on the best of terms. He's been a dick to his girlfriend, and when I stepped up for Jessica he didn't appreciate it much. Men are morons. I wrap two slices of the apple pie with foil and put on my jacket. After a quick goodbye to the involuntary heartbreaker, I walk outside. Tanya follows me. "Wait, you forgot the potatoes and the chicken." She places two Tupperware boxes into my arms. I store them next to the pie on the passenger's seat. She clears her throat, attempting to keep her loud voice low when she speaks up. "This would have been a good opportunity you know." Crossing my arms in front of my chest, I rub my fingers up and down my lower arms to keep them from getting cold. Barely unable to keep the frown from my face, I play dumb. "Good opportunity for what, T?" She pulls on my hair. The movement is fast and painful. Suddenly I feel like I am a chubby seven-year-old again. My cousins have teased me my whole childhood about my hair. When I got older I discovered they were jealous. They were jealous because my hair is soft and wavy while theirs is frizzy and untamable without chemical help. "Ouch," I cry out. "That hurt, Bitch!" Tanya laughs, but the smile on her lips freezes within seconds. "Better a bitch than a dyke too chicken to come out." "Shhh!" I hiss, pressing my hands against my cousin's mouth. Tanya is my best friend. She knows me better than anyone else. We are best friends because both of us have a tendency to speak our mind whether people want to hear it or not. Right now, I don't want to hear the truth though. We have been through this over and over. "I will tell them when I'm ready." I state, sitting down in the driver's seat. My hands clench around the steering wheel. "I promise to tell them when I am ready." "You've been saying this for years now." Tanya reproaches. "Your parents are not my mom. They will still love you." "I know." I mumble. "I know they will accept me the way I am. I am just not ready to have this conversation with them yet." She hugs me good-bye; while telling me again that it's time to come out to my parents. The only person in my family, who knows about my sexual preference, is Tanya. My cousin doesn't count though. If I told her I murdered someone, she would just shrug her shoulders and ask me if I need help getting rid of the corpse. On my way back home, I hum along to the music on the radio. I've done it all wrong, I scold myself. If I had come out to Mom and Dad right after my first kiss with Leah in the ninth grade, everything would have been much easier. I could have come out after I came back from London. My heart flutters a bit faster when the memories begin to play in my head. They are right, that people lose their restraints far away from home. In England, I spent my days with French cooking. At night I brought other kinds of French to perfection. I never fell in love with one of my encounters. There has never been anyone who captured my feelings. At some times I thought someone had. I was wrong through. Real love is supposed to make you feel free. It's supposed to make you grow, and bring out the best in you. It's simple. Complicated love stories are only good on paper. My lips twitch into a smile when I remember Kate's new found obsession with Cynara Parker's smut novels. I shake my head. I wonder if she would still like them as much if she knew the truth behind them…if she knew who Cynara Parker really is. In front of my parents' house, I turn off the radio and kill the engine. There are twenty steps from the garage to the house. I move slower with each one of them. Everything inside me resists. I move forward though, because I have to. I have to try and be strong for her.