my black boxers. I stood up and kicked them off the rest of the way. Then I bent over and undid her jeans in the same way. She lifted her hips off the bed so I could get rid of her pants, and what I saw underneath almost made me pass out. 'No underwear, love?' I licked my lips in anticipation. 'Very hot.' I knelt at the edge of the bed and pulled her towards me by her hips. She draped her legs over my shoulders. I ran my hands up her legs, from the tips of her toes to her hip bones, and down towards the inside of her thighs. She whimpered and her hips twitched. I turned my head and kissed the inside of her knee lightly, and then trailed kisses up to her centre. I passed over it and down to her other knee, breathing out on her core. 'God, Edward, you're such a tease!' Bella moaned. At that, I attacked her centre with my tongue, plunging it into her depths like a starving man, making her arch off the bed with a scream. I turned my ministrations to her clit, licking it lightly and then pressing harder. Bella writhed and moaned, her hands attaching themselves to my hair again. Then, as I suddenly thrust my tongue into her core again, she came, her hips rising off the bed as her juices poured out into my mouth. I lapped them up eagerly, not wanting to miss a drop. When she came down from her climax, I crawled up on top of her again, kissing my way up her body. 'Damn, Edward. How did you get to be so good at pleasing a girl?' she breathed. 'Well, I read a lot of stuff online and umm…' I blushed. 'Female-female porn can be very instructive.' Bella giggled. 'Well, I guess it works, then!' I captured her mouth in another passionate kiss. 'Glad you don't mind.' 'The only thing I mind at the moment is that you still have your boxers on. Can I take them off you, Edward?' Bella looked up at me shyly. I groaned. 'If you put it that way, how can I resist?' I rolled off her, missing the contact immediately. Bella got up from the bed and put her hands on my hips. 'Have you ever been naked in front of a woman before?' she queried, running her fingers along the waistband of my boxers. 'Oh God,' I gasped. 'No.' 'Mmmm,' she hummed as she slid my boxers over my hips, over my erection, and down my legs. 'Well, I've never seen a man naked before either, so I guess this is a night of firsts, hmm?' She bent over my erection, breathing on it, lightly flicking the tip with her tongue. 'Oh God, Bella!' I moaned. Seemingly encouraged by my reaction, she licked along my shaft slowly, from base to tip. I strained to keep my hips from bucking and hitting her in the face. Then she took me in her mouth. The warmth! The wetness! The pressure she was creating! There was only one thing I wanted more at that moment and that was to be inside of her. She sucked up and down my dick, creating amazing pressure with her mouth, and using her tongue with wonderful results until I couldn't take it anymore. 'Bella, stop, stop, I want to cum inside you!' I panted, pulling her back up onto the bed. Reaching over to where my jeans had dropped, I pulled a condom out of my wallet, checking the expiry date (still good!) before ripping it open and rolling it down over myself. I hovered over Bella, reaching down with one hand. 'Are you ready for me?' I stuck a finger inside her. Bella moaned. 'Yes!' 'Are you sure you're ready for me?' I stuck a second finger inside of her, and pumped them slowly in and out.' She whimpered, 'God, yes!' 'I just want to be sure…' I stuck a third finger inside of her and curled my fingers to press against her sensitive underside. 'Oh fuck!' she screamed, as she started shaking and came onto my hand. I smirked. 'Well, I guess you're ready, then.' I pulled my fingers out of her and slid myself in. I had to take a moment to compose myself. If being in her mouth had prepared me a little for what being inside her was like…well, there was practically no comparison. She was hot, wet, and oh so tight. I tried pumping my hips once and practically fell over the edge. Bella whimpered under me and thrust her hips up to meet mine. 'Bella!' I ground her name out as I started pounding into her. She met each of my thrusts with one of her own. The sound of our hips smacking into each other filled the air, mixed with our panting, gasping breaths. Then… 'Edward!' 'Bella!' We both reached the edge and fell over it, clinging to each other. I managed to give one last thrust before my orgasm rocked through my bones. I collapsed on top of Bella, muscles like jelly, just barely managing to hold myself up on my arms so as not to squish her completely. I felt tiny little burns on my shoulder blades and realized that Bella must have dug her nails in during that last orgasm. 'That was…wow…just wow,' I whispered into Bella's ear. 'My little wildcat.' 'If anyone ever says that geeks are bad lovers, I am going to laugh and laugh and laugh,' sighed Bella. 'That was intense.' 'Would you like to role-play next time?' I winked. 'You can be Ocean, I can be Ebb?' 'Do you realize how compatible those two names are? How coincidental. That sounds like fun.' She smiled. 'That means we get a next time?' She gave a little wiggle that made me groan. 'A lot sooner than you think if you keep moving like that!' Bella giggled again. 'Excellent!'