could truly draw me out of my slumps I often got in. I wondered who played. Perhaps they wouldn't mind if I fiddled on the keys. Then again, I was dead on my feet, I'd probably embrace myself. Not to mention, I don't play in front of anyone. My eyes lingered on the piano for longer than necessary still. The urge to run my fingers over the keys was so hard to resist. Someone cleared their throats and I couldn't help the blush that spread across my cheeks. Stop being such a space cadet, Cori. You aren't alone. I turned to the others in the room, still embarrassed. Rosalie was leaning the wall with her arms crossed, Emmett by her side. He gave her a sweet, chaste kiss on her full lips before whispering something too soft for me to hear in her ear. Whatever he whispered made her laugh like tinkling bells. Ugh. Cliches. They're so perfect though it was hard to come up with anything other than cliches. They were...together? Wasn't that weird? I mean, Carlisle and Esme adopted them both, right? Who cares. Piano. I walked to it, running my fingers over the keys. I heard talking but I wasn't paying attention. I take a seat on the bench, still running my fingers over the keys though I don't make a sound. I drop my bag on the floor with thunk, using both hands. I position them correctly and mime playing. I make sure to not actually play though. I heard someone clear their throat. Wait. What? Oh. Right. People. Damn it. I whipped around to face Kris. "Oh shit. Sorry! Sorry. Piano pretty. Pretty piano. I was distracted. Did I really zone that much?" I had the tendency of zoning. I really was a spacey person. I could zone out for hours. Kris was used to it but for strangers, it freaked them out usually. I stood up quickly, highly embarrassed. "Hi. Hello. I'm sorry again." Esme laughed, then moved to hug me. I might have flailed a little - I honestly did not like being touched, but it was Esme. She was safe and warm. I hugged her back. I couldn't help but melt a little in her arms. I really did miss Esme and Carlisle. "It's so nice to see you again, sweetheart. Girls, meet the family. You know Carlisle," her husband waved jovially from the couch, "and you've met Emmett and Rosalie," they gave us a polite nod, or in Emmett's case a wink and Rosalie elbowed him. I think she might be my new favorite person, "this is Jasper," Another blonde but you know, a man - boy? I don't know. At least I'd remember all their names since they are all so unique. "And Alice," the pixie with dark hair who was sitting in Jasper's lap - ha! One down. I've got this.. "My youngest son, Edward," a bronze haired boy - yes, he's boy. "and his girlfriend, Bella," a girl with brown hair, brown eyes and skin almost as pale as her boyfriend's. I zeroed in on how he was holding her - Bella. It was possessive. My radar instantly went off. There was something off about Edward and Bella. I didn't like it. It made me feel uncomfortable. I know that position. Possession. Not love. Possession. It scared me. Didn't I move away so I wouldn't be near stalkers? Apparently not. While the other couples, Rosalie and Emmett, Alice and Jasper, Esme and Carlisle were very cute and happy, Edward and Bella's seemed...It reminded me of the Incident. A lot. Scarily so. I flicked the rubberband on my wrist discreetly. "Not to sound rude or anything, but we've been driving for seventeen hours and I'm like dead on my feet." God, I needed some sleep. And away from Edward and Bella's toxic relationship. I'd like to say I was seeing things but I wasn't. I knew the signs all too well. "Yeah, I'm pretty tired, too. It was nice to meet you all, but I think I should go pass out now. Good night," said Kris. Wait, where were our rooms? Are we sharing a room? What's going on? Jumping the gun there, Kris. Though I could honestly pass out on the piano bench. Everyone said their goodnights while I was still flailing and wondering where the hell we were going. Apparently Kris knows since she heads up towards the staircase. I guess I really zoned out. My bag wasn't even by the piano bench anymore. When did that happen? No matter. Kris knew where our rooms were - hopefully. I follow her. It seemed best. Up the staircase we went, where we easily found our rooms due to the obnoxiously glittery signs hanging on the doors. Ew. Who liked glitter? I want to say Alice. I could be wrong though. It could be oh, I don't know, Emmett? Yeah. I really need sleep. But rooms. Kris' was the farthest on the right while mine was directly across from hers. "Night, sis. Sleep well. Don't punch me when I sleep through all my alarms and they wake you up instead. Love you," I gave her a hug - more of a glomp really. "Good night, Kris. Love you too." I might of clinged for a little bit. I was not a baby. I wasn't. But it was a new place with new people - sort of. Kris was my rock. She's always been my rock. I clung a bit more before finally pulling away. I gave her a grin. Pretty sure it came out more of a grimace. I pushed open the door to my room, stepping inside. I closed the door behind me, resisting the urge to lock it. I didn't pay attention to the color scheme (it was white, again). I was tired but I was also wired. I grabbed my laptop bag, settling on the bed comfortably. Looks like I won't be getting any sleep tonight.