He observed as he followed her to the counter, and she shrugged. "It's what it is. My uncle's bookstore, back at home, goes by this name, too. He taught me how important books can be. How they can heal aches that you lot," she looked pointedly at his coat," cannot heal. All those feelings and pains and fears that are too small to be of any consequence for a therapist or a doctor, but that are still very much real. Like the feeling you get when another summer ends. The wistfulness you get on the morning of yet another birthday. Homesickness for the way the air smelled in your grandmother's kitchen. The small sadness when a growing friendship doesn't take hold and you have to look for a companion once more. These kinds of things." She looked up at him, a strange determination on her face." It's a myth that booksellers take care of books. We take care of people. Hence, the name. We sell books like medicine." He listened to her little speech, surprised and mystified. Her approach to books was not entirely unheard of, but the ferocity and with which she seemed to pursue it was astounding to him. The devotion she felt towards it was plainly evident, and her observation skills now made a lot more sense. "So The Lost Boys was an aspirin, but that woman was suffering from a cough?" An approving smile stretched across her face at his comparison and she shook her head eagerly. "No, The Lost Boys is a blood thinner, and she's in the middle of open heart surgery." "I see." He nodded with a small smile. "Is it always that bad?" "Do all your patients have open heart surgeries?" she retorted, and he laughed. "Thankfully, no. So sometimes you only sell books, and not medicine?" " Most of the time, yes. I can sort my customers- or patients, if you like- into three categories: The first ones are those who have a certain book in mind, and they come in to buy it. They are happy with their life, and I am happy to help them, because, well, let's be honest, they pay my bills. The second kind are the ones for whom books are the only respite, the only breath of fresh air from the stuffy tedium of daily life. Those I like best, because they don't need my judgement, so they easily trust it. Naturally, I love that." She laughed, then sobered up. She was leaning over the counter slightly, her eyes bright, her face animated. "Sometimes they entrust me with their little vulnerabilities. They tell me Please, nothing with spiders or insects, I can't stand them or Nothing with brunette women in it, please. Sometimes they sing songs to me or hum melodies they still remember from their childhood, and they want me to find them a book that feels like that song to them. The third kind are the ones like that woman, although they're not always that heavily wounded. Most of the time it's something lighter, easier. It's not always a wound, sometimes it's simply a desire. But sometimes it's something far more sinister. These customers aren't always easy to deal with, because they usually think they belong to category one." A wry smile stretched across her face. "Like that woman.", Carlisle guessed, and she nodded. "Yes." Another glance out of the window, and then she laughed, this time a bit nervously. "She's probably right. I am crazy." "On the contrary, I think what you say makes perfect sense, even if it's a bit… unusual." He said, meaning every word. Carlisle himself had always been an avid reader, finding respite, knowledge, wisdom or hope between pages when he couldn't find them anywhere else. She gave him a grateful smile that was much smaller than the ones she usually seemed to hand out quite freely. His next question was stopped short by the sharp clicking of heels approaching the door, followed by the ringing of the bell. The older woman from earlier was standing in the door, her eyes red and swollen, but her gaze clear and focused. "Fine," she said, her voice hoarse, "give me those books that will be nice to me, and fuck the men who aren't." With raised eyebrows he looked from the older woman, who had her chin raised belligerently, to the younger woman who was now smiling widely. "Wonderful!" she exclaimed and waved the woman over to a big leather armchair. "I guess I better get out of the way, then", he said, and she smiled at him over her shoulder as she rolled up her sleeves. He took up The Lost Boys from a table on the other side of the room, scanning the pages absentmindedly while he listened to the silent interrogation that took place on the other side of the room. The questions quickly covered a wide array of topics, none of them too intimate, but neither too generic. The woman quickly lost her inhibition. Her name was Florence, she was a secretary for a company "that mistakes women as a cross between an espresso machine and a couch" (a description that earned a rather indelicate snort from the other woman), as a child she loved to wear a pair of red corduroy trousers. Just as she was finishing her description of a frequent nightmare she had, his beeper hummed in his pocket, and he made his way to the door after a quick look, returning the little wave that the bookseller gave him. He slipped out of the store and heard the woman ask: "So, tell me: How crazy am I?" Her laughter accompanied him down the street. "Not more than any of us." He quickly made his way back to the hospital, a small smile still on his lips. Only as one of the nurses asked what had put him in such a good mood did he realize that he didn't even know her name.