younger girls?" she inquired, walking over to us. "No. We'd actually like to take Bella home with us for a one-week trial. See how she fits in with our family." I answered. "You…one…Bella?" Mrs. Banner mumbled, sitting down on the nearest chair. The little ones in the room ignored us, all gathered around a movie. "Is there something wrong with that?" Esme's brows furrowed in confusion. "No, no. It's just," Mrs. Banner took a deep breath before continuing. "Bella's been with us for four years, since her parent's death. She's been in and out of homes. Mostly placed in houses that foster children, but…they always send her back after a couple months. With one excuse or another. Typically because they just don't want to deal with a child as old as she. Most foster families want someone younger. You can see my surprise. Though, I'm quite happy. Bella truly needs a loving family." Understanding dawned on me. No wonder Bella had acted as she had. Esme's free hand flew up, covering her mouth, her eyes wide. If she'd held any reservations about Bella becoming a permanent member of our family or not, they were no more. Knowing this information, there was no force on earth that would prevent Esme from keeping Bella. "Do we need to sign any papers?" "No, take Bella home with you and at the end of the week call and let me know whether she will be staying with you or returning. We'll deal with paperwork then. Ah, Bella!" I turned, Esme's arm falling away as I did, seeing Bella standing in the doorway holding a small suitcase. She didn't own very much. Esme hurried the short distance to Bella and took the suitcase, wrapping her arm around Bella's shoulders. "Thank you Mrs. Banner. We'll be in touch," I said absently, watching Esme leading Bella out of the room and Home. Nodding my goodbye, I followed my wife out to the Mercedes, enjoying the sway of her hips. She was still as gorgeous as the day I married her. EsPOV She was beautiful. She had soft auburn hair that hung straight in her ponytail and chocolate brown eyes that drew your attention. Her skin was rather pale, but with the light coloring of her hair, it wasn't very noticeable. Why anyone would pass her over, I couldn't understand. After hearing what had happened to her over the last four years, I wanted more than anything for her to fit in with my family, to become a part of my family. Not only did she look like she needed a loving home, but her history clearly said she did. Idiots. Every person who didn't keep her was an idiot. She was a gem. I knew that. "Where do you live?" She asked softly as Carlisle unlocked the car before opening the trunk and putting her suitcase in it. "In Forks. It's about a four hour drive from here. You can try and rest if you'd like. I'm sure there will be plenty of excitement at home," I told her, enjoying her shy smile. As Carlisle backed out and got us on the road, I kept my eyes on Bella, who was looking out the window at the passing scenery. She glanced in my direction quickly before turning back to the window. "I've never been outside of Seattle since I came to the Home." "Forks is a small town. Very quiet. We have a lot of space at our house. I think you'll enjoy it," I told her, reaching back to squeeze her hand. She nodded in response, squeezing my hand back. She remained awake until we were two hours out of town, drifting off to sleep then. "She needs us Carlisle," I said, looking at my husband. "I know, Dear." He reached over and laid a hand on my thigh, stroking gently. "Rejected because of her age. The poor girl. No wonder she seems so reserved." "She probably didn't expect us to want her." Looking at her again, I felt a tug on my heart. "No matter what, I want her as my daughter. Carlisle, you have to make her our daughter." He laughed softly, answering, "We'll see how the week goes and how she feels. If she doesn't want to be there, I won't force her, Esme." Sighing, I turned to look out my own window, seeing we were getting closer and closer to Forks. I wondered what the kids had been up to and if they'd broken anything in our absence. Today was the first day of summer break and they'd been looking forward to it. Especially when they heard Carlisle and I were going to be going off for the day and leaving them to themselves. As we hit Forks, I thought about whether we should have just stayed over in Seattle. We'd left at about nine and it was nearing seven now. Oh well, we were nearly home and I always preferred sleeping in my own bed. As we turned into the driveway, I reached back to gently shake Bella. "Bella, dear, wake up. We're home." She sat up, rubbing her eyes, before looking out the window. The kids were in the front yard playing ball, even though it was getting dark, pausing when they saw the car and waving before running towards the garage. Carlisle pulled in and parked. I got out of the car, heading over to my children to greet them with hugs, before turning around. Carlisle was getting Bella's suitcase out of the trunk, but Bella was still sitting in the car. I walked over and opened her door, squatting down to look at her. "It's okay. Come meet everyone." She glanced over my shoulder, undoing her seatbelt, before taking a deep breath. I stood and moved out of her way as she got out of the car, standing up next to me. I wrapped my arm around her shoulders, shutting the door and walking over to my children.