rocks, panting and laughing. "That was close," I commented fanning my face with my hands. "No kidding. Whew." A silence fell over us, and I could feel him staring at me. I hoped he was smiling, too. "So," I said, not quite sure what to say. "Should we head back or...?" He responded by wrapping an arm around my shoulder and pulling me into his chest. "I'm happy to just stay and sit out here a little longer. What do you say?" "Works for me," I sighed contentedly. After a few minutes of simple snuggling, I turned to him, suddenly feeling a bit shy. "So, umm, what are you doing after rehearsal?" I asked, tracing the tip of my finger lightly over his calf muscles. "Teeeeechnically, I'm supposed to get on the charter and head to the hotel with the other dancers." "Would you be in trouble if you didn't?" "Not as long as I make my 9:30 call tomorrow morning." I shifted in his arms until I was straddling him, then placed my hands on each of his shoulders. "Carlisle, if I promise to have you back in time for your call tomorrow morning, would you like to come to my place after rehearsal for a glass of wine, perhaps a little chocolate, and...whatever else we can find to fill the time?" "I like the sound of that," he said, his breath tickling my cheek before his lips found mine again. But I wasn't satisfied with just another make-out session. I wanted to give him something to think about for the rest of the evening-a taste, just to let him know what a wild night he was in for. I broke our kiss and quickly looked around to make sure no one else was near. Satisfied we were safe, I scooted down his body and made my intentions clear. "What are you-? Oh my God, are you serious?" he asked, his voice rising. "Here?" "Just say the word, and I'll stop," I replied, running my hand over his...smooth crotch? Wait, what the hell? Equal parts curious and concerned, I continued to touch the fabric of black pants. The bulge was so even and velvety and...completely unnatural. It was like - like he was a Ken doll! Carlisle started shaking, and I couldn't tell if he was laughing or trying not to cry or what. Finally, he manage to cough out, "It's my dance belt!" "Your what?" "My dance belt. It's what male dancers wear to, you know, make everything look...presentable...down there." "OH, okay. Well, it's coming off!" I grabbed the waistband and gave his pants a downward tug. Damn that fabric was tight, and I couldn't help but laugh when I realized that a dance belt was pretty much just a thong with a lot of padding in the front. But I could also tell why he needed it. Carlisle was definitely packing some heat. There would be no way to hide that man-snake on stage without assistance. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it. Taking him in my hand, I pumped his thick shaft with slow, steady thrusts as I began licking the soft skin covering his study abdominal muscles. I took my time, gradually moving lower and lower until I was just hovering by his cock. I teased him by lingering there even while his head bobbed near me, then kissed my way downward until I reached his wiry patch of pubic hair and kissed that, too. When I assaulted Carlisle with my tongue, I wanted him to know how I wanted him, how much my body craved his. Only when I felt that I'd made that perfectly clear did I take the next step and let the head of his cock part my eager lips. I took him into the shallow of my mouth, coming down on it in time with my hand's movements. I started to move a little faster, sliding him into my throat, sucking his cock in deeper with each thrust. Oh, how I wanted to slow down and make this last, but time wasn't on our side; I knew we had to be getting back inside very, very shortly. I took a breath in through my nose and opened wider, moved faster, sucked harder. Thankfully he was no match for the combined forces of our arousal, and soon his cum was streaming into my mouth. His hips moved involuntarily, thrusting into my throat as he came. I swallowed it all, tonguing his cock from tip to base before I finally pulled away. My pussy was aching for him to return the favor, but she was just going to have to suck it up and wait. Carlisle was slack against the rock behind him, panting like he'd just run a 10K. Without warning, he grabbed me by my hair and pulled me toward him, thrusting his tongue into my mouth and biting my lip. His mouth moved to my neck and sucked gently, then harder. "Later..." he murmured against my skin. After another minute or two of rest, we stood; Carlisle dressed himself while I searched for my discarded jacket. I felt giddy, and if the kisses he kept peppering me with were any indication, so was Carlisle. He hooked his fingers through the belt loop of my blue jeans, and led me back to performance center. Without light and a mirror, it would be impossible to know just how disheveled I might look, but I didn't care - I was completely unabashed about the time we had just spent outside. Despite the blinding lights and curious looks we got as we walked down the hallway, I felt no shame-only pride. Knowing that it would be waiting for me after this dress rehearsal was over, I took one last look at Carlisle's sweet ass before descending the steps to the orchestra pit. In more ways than one, I was sure this would be the longest and best night of my life.