Surprisingly, despite what it looked like, it wasn't that cold making the half hour walk bareable. By the time I had reached the reservation my legs were aching slightly. I had never been the outdoorsy type of person so I was slightly unfit, something which I was going to have to change. I had only gone out to please my mother and because I was slightly bored but now that I was here I felt slightly put out. I didn't know this place very well and was on my own. What was I supposed to do? Sighing I just made my way towards the beach like last time. Taking off my shoes I let my feet get naturally exfoliated by the sand. I always did love the feeling of the sand squishing between my toes. Unlike last time people were on the beach. It was mostly guys but I did notice a few girls dotted about. Keeping my distance I walked to the edge of the water, letting it lap over my aching feet. It wasn't long before I thought I could hear my name being called. Turning around I saw Paul, the boy from the other day, making his way over to me. He had a wide smile on his face which made his eyes seem brighter. "Nice to see you again on my side." he greeted playfully. Letting out a short breathy laugh I tucked some of my blonde curly hair behind one of my ears. "Nice to see you too." I replied. And I was surprised to find I really was happy to see him again. It somehow ended in us going for a walk, being cliche as we got to know one another. Paul was a year older then me, making him 18, and he was an only child. He lived with just his mother as his father left at the tender age of six. He worked with my dad as a mechanic, which I already knew, but also worked with the previous owners since he was 15 as they had taken him on as a sort-of apprentice. He had a small group of friends who he was close to and had been since childhood. He wanted to be a mechanic when he was older but instead of working for someone else he wanted to work for himself. So he was planning to study business to help him achieve that. We talked about much more. Likes and dislikes, movies and what not but got interrupted by one of Paul's friends. "Yo Paul, we're having a BBQ tonight man, why dont you invite blondie as your date?" the intruder had a smug amused smile on his face where as Paul had an annoyed frown on his. "Dude, she's probably busy and why would I bring her as my date!" "Well can I bring her as my date then?" he laughed. "Little on the pale side but I can put that aside. I like blondes." "No!" Paul snapped, causing me to raise my brows. Paul had mentioned how his mother had made him have anger management classes due to his behavioural problems as a child. Paul claimed he was working hard on changing that but personally I thought some more work needed to be done. He clearly did have anger issues. His friend held up his hands before stalking off, rolling his eyes as Paul took a deep breath. He then apologized but I shook it off. In the end, even though Paul said I was more then welcome to actually attend, I declined. I had been out all day and I knew my dad would worry. If I had a phone it would have been better but my last one got broke and I was waiting for my parents to get me a new one. Paul borrowed one of his friends car and drove me home. "Thank you for the lift." I said, unbuckling the seat belt. "Don't worry about it." he replied, giving me a smile then he did something I didn't expect - he kissed my cheek. I know it was stupid and it was a simple act but I wasn't expecting it and I wasn't used to boys. It was difficult enough keeping up with the boys I'm now forced to hang out with at school let alone Paul who was much better looking. Clearing my throat I gave him another smile before exiting the truck. Waving I entered my house, listening to the sound of the truck driving away. x-x-x Sitting on my bed I stared out of the window. Morning sun was shining in through the open drapes, allowing my eyes to see all the dust particles floating in the air. Getting up from my bed I headed down stairs, surprised to find my mother sat casually on the couch in the living room. "What are you doing here?" I questioned, sitting in the chair opposite. "I live here." she responded, turning from the TV. I simply rolled my eyes. "I got the day off, so I was thinking maybe we could have a family day out?" "Sure." I answered, giving her my best smile - or trying to. She smiled happily at me causing me to sigh, thankful when my father entered the room. My mother told him what today's plans were causing him to grin. I couldn't help but cringe. This was going to be painful. Hi, thanks for taking the time to read this. I really hope you like it and stick with me during this time of creating the story. Just so people are aware Paul is not changed yet but it will happen very shortly. It shouldn't take too long. If there is any errors or just anything you would like to see happen in this story then by all means drop me a message. Please review it would mean the world to me and give me motivation for writing this story and not giving up. Review!