Leah didn't see you" I snicker as he pales. "She would understand" Jake decides, for his own benefit no doubt. "Let's hope so. I'd hate to be down a best friend" I say jokingly. Jake didn't find it funny though, because it was a possibility for Leah to accidently take his head off. Edward cleared his throat to get out attention. "Yes, leech?" Jake asks glaring. I rolled my eyes at him. "Carlisle would like to check over you again, before we leave if that's alright?" Edward asks. Jake and I stare at him as if he lost his mind, causing him to chuckle. "My ability is that I read minds. Unfortunately, I can't turn it off." Edward explains. Jake and I glance at each other, taking in this new information. No doubt, Jake would be informing his pack of this. "Really? I don't mind…" I answer. Jake raises an eyebrow at me, not believing a word I just said. "He's on his way up with Chief Swan." Edward says motioning to the door with a jerk of his head. "Where's Rose?" I asks, making Edward snap his head to me. His expression turned guarded and a bit wary. "Why?" Edward asks, trying to sound polite. "You don't think I heard her calling me a bitch?" I asks, it wasn't the reason but I wanted to see how he'd react. "She'll apologize, I assure you, the next time the two of you…meet" Edward says just as our clan/pack heads come into my room. Talk about a cold day in hell… "Who will apologize?" Charlie asks Edward. Edward shifted back. "My sister, Rose. She had…called Isabella an improper name." Edward answers after Carlisle nods his consent. Charlie narrows his eyes. "But there won't be any need. The past should remain there. Isn't that right, father?" I asks, interrupting whatever he was about to say. "Hmm, of course. How are you feeling? You gave us quite the scare" Charlie says turning to me. "Fine, normal…it's going to suck because I'm going to get new scars because I wasn't shifted…damn Declan, I'm going to-" "Glad to know you're feeling better" Dad sweat drops while interrupting my threat. I pout, I had quite a few creative words I wanted to rant out. "May I?" Carlisle asks, looking at me kindly. I stiffen only briefly before nodding. I was surprised that Carlisle worked at a human pace, no doubt for my benefit than anything. His hands barely ever touched me; whether he was disgusted to touch me or not wanting to make me more uncomfortable than I already was, I didn't know. "All seems to be in order. The stitches I used will dissolve shortly. If you have any problems you know where to reach me. Chief Swan has my number as well." Carlisle says once he took a step back. "Please, call me Charlie" Dad offers. My face turns sour, looking to Jake who seemed to share my displeasure. Edward only frowned. "I will if you call me Carlisle" now Edward got it and made a smaller, less noticeable, look. "We'll take our leave, if you don't mind. I'm sure my family is getting worried" Carlisle says. Dad nods his head. "Bradley and Declan will escort you to the border line. I'm sure Declan has apologized enough but I'm sure once more won't hurt" Dad grunts. "Running a tight ship, Chief? Making him apologize to a cold one, man, that's harsh" Jake grumbles on Declan's behalf. Dad gives Jake a pointed glare. If Jake had been in wolf form, his tail would have been in between his legs and his head lowered and whimpering. "Sorry, just kidding" Jake rushed. I snorted. "We'll let you get some more rest, Bells." Dad tells me. I know better than to fight him, even if it was ridiculous he just put me on bed rest until he said other wise…all because of stitches?! "At least you won't have to put up with them on your land" Jake responds, forgetting that Edward was standing right behind him. I sigh. "Unlike your pack Jake, we have to share our land. Says so right in the treaty" I grumble glaring at Edward who seemed just as surprised. "But Charlie can't do that!" Jake yelped. A very loud clearing of throat let us three know that dad could quite clearly still hear us. "I'll make sure my family knows to try to avoid coming close to you all, as well as avoid hunting within a mile of your lands" Edward offers before he followed the path of the others. Jake and I look at each other. "…You fainted like a girl" Jake finally says taking the subject off the Cullen's. Within a minute I was jumping out of bed and tackling Jake. "Jake! I warned you not to egg her – Whoa, Bells, put that down!" Dad stands in front of a cowering Jake. "But dad, baseball is an American past time, and Jakey here-" "Bells, we don't want to the kind doc to have to come back and re-stitch you, now do we?" I grumble and lower the baseball bat. "Black" I growl. "Swan" Jake grins cheekily back. Dad glares a Jake. "Out with you, you can come back later when you're NOT going to get hit with a bat when I exit the room" Dad orders Jake. "See ya Bells" Jake says ducking out of the room. Dad points to the bed, causing me to groan before getting in. Dad sat on the side of my bed and looked at me seriously. "They're not like the others of their kind, Bella. I want you to try to keep an open mind with them." Dad asks me. I bite my tongue, not willing to speak my mind. Dad pats the side of my leg, expecting this reaction. Before he leaves, he pauses at the door. "Your mom would be proud of you" XxX A/N I've already started writing the next chapter…`o`