high school's basketball team. He should be able to do this. "Okay, how do you do that?" I asked, frustrated. I was so drunk that I didn't even stutter while I talked to my crush. A crush I've had since kindergarten. He laughed softly and grabbed another one. "I am actually targeting for the hoop. I am not just throwing it in the air." Har har, hilarious! "Oh well, Big Star, why don't you show me?" I challenged him. I was seriously going to make the man, even though he was as drunk as me, teach me how to shoot hoops. "Grab a ball." I did as I was told. "Now extend your arm in the air." He grabbed my arm and did what he was telling me to do." And throw the ball," he finished. His soft, delicate hand touched mine, and my whole body tingled. It was like a fire started in my body. Burning me. "See? It got in," he whispered, looking at me. His eyes filled with curiosity and...lust? He was so close. If he leaned a bit closer, our lips could touch. He could kiss me. Slowly, he started leaning in, and so did I. I didn't know what I was doing, but the only thing that I wanted most right in that moment was to have his lips on mine. As if he was able to hear my thoughts, his lips touched mine, and I was in heaven. His soft kiss was firm but gentle. His hands roamed on every part of my body he could reach; my face, my torso, my hips, my legs. Everything. And I liked it. As he tongue broke into my mouth, I let out an embarrassing moan, making him groan and hover over me completely. His hands went under my dress, and my hands slid beneath his shirt . Only moments later, we were both naked and panting as we moved against each other like one. He completed me. Filled me. And I went to sleep that night in a bliss. The next morning, I woke up from the pounding in my head. It felt like someone was hitting me with a bat on the face all night. I opened my eyes slowly, blinded by the burning rays of light that were coming in the room from the window. It was unusual to be this sunny in Forks. And I was feeling so dead that I couldn't enjoy the rare phenomenon. I took a look around. This was not my room, I thought. It was too big and masculine to be my room. Way more luxurious. Where was I? Suddenly, a hand wrapped me in its owner's embrace. I froze. Not breathing, not moving. I slowly turned my head to see who my captivator was. My eyes widened and my heard was pounding fast. Without even thinking, I screamed. Edward, who was asleep beside me, abruptly woke up and fell off the bed. "What are you doing here?" Edward asked as he backed up the wall behind him. Like I was some kind of monster. Maybe I was! My hair was always a mess in the morning. I looked like Medusa on a good day. "I don't know," I answered, frustrated,, wrapping the sheet tightly around my body as I stood to hunt down my clothes. "What happened last night?" he asked as I awkwardly put on my dress, trying not to flash him. Well, he probably saw a lot more than your boobs last night! Stop trying to be modest now. My inner self chatted in my head. Well, I don't care! "I don't know, but from the looks of it, we fucked," I said while putting on my heels. I couldn't believe I was about to do the walk of shame! I was going to die from embarrassment. Oh my God, Charlie. What was I going to say to him? I was definitely getting scolded. And Alice. Where was Alice? And why didn't she drag me away from him? Oh my God! I needed painkillers. Fast! I was about to walk out of the room when he grabbed my hand. "Let's keep this a secret,okay? People don't have to know that we slept together. I have a girlfriend. I don't want to lose her because a mistake." He looked nervous and almost afraid. Like he would get killed if anyone found out that he had slept with me. Mistake? "Don't worry, Edward." I spat his name. "I don't kiss and tell." And with that, I was off to my house. Walking. Another summer was coming to an end. People were preparing for the following year. The beaches were deserted again, and towns were filled with motion Just like every other September. Some were going to fall back into their lives, reunite with their friends. Get back on track. Some were going to be starting fresh this year. Making new friends. New dreams. Live new adventures. Change themshelves for the better. I didn't know what I was doing this year. I didn't know if I was going to get back to my old life, or if new things were waiting around the corner for me. But the only thing I was sure about was that this year wouldn'tbe like the others. That's it, people! Tell me what you think! Do you like this chapter or the unbeta'd one was better. Please leave me your review telling me what you think. I worked my ass off for this story and your opinion really matters to me. As you noticed, or will in the next chapters, a lot of characters have gone bye-bye. That is because I didn't know what to do with them once they have told their part in the story and they only made it more confusing. For those you haven't read the unedited chapters I am waiting for you reviews too. Tell me what you think. What you like and disliked. Thank you for reading!