grated from the inside out, slowly and agonisingly. However, with the new girl things, were different, every lesson and every break her brown eyes would scan the crowds of students for that inhuman beauty. Currently standing on a rich green field, for the first time she prayed to meet those terrifying but beautiful golden eyes again... "Hey are you lost?" A voice cut into her thoughts of a certain guy. Her long eye lashes fluttered ageist her pale chubby check bones as her brown eyes meet brown-green orbs. Strands of strawberry blonde hair, slightly wet in sweat, fell across the other girl's rosy pink checks from their place underneath that same paper hat from days before. "Err, who-who are you?" Isabella's voice trembled as the question was released from her full lips. Eyes widening in shock, rosy check become darker in colour. The other girl began to speak." Oh, sorry. The name's Jane, yours?" "Isabella," Isabella answered with one word. Watching as no reclamation flash across the other girls face, she hastily continues. "You know? The new girl Isabella Swan." She darkly added on, "Also known as: Bella." The other girl lightly grinned at Isabella tone, her eyes forming a smile of the own. "I'm sorry," Jane cheeky started, "but, for me, rumours are just …" Jane struggle to find the correct word, "well, rumours. Besides, I feel better if I learn someone's name from them." She added with a shrug of her thin shoulders. Slightly baffled by Jane's response, Isabella's large chocolate eyes blinked at the girl. "My name's Isabella, not Bella, or Bells or any other name you think of!" Her voice spoke without a tremble. The Jane stared in awe and amusement. "Wow, you have a thing ageist nicknames, don't yah? And trust me, I won't. Now, as I was asking, are you lost?" As on cue, Isabella's face became bright red; her pale complexion did nothing to hide the blush that stained her cheeks. Isabella's glossy lips opened, but the voice that the strawberry blonde girl had heard before was replaced with odd but adorable squeaks. A rough hand to lay itself on the Isabelle's small forehead and her freckled one, not feeling much different, a frown lay upon the bright pink lips. The paper-hat girl spoke, "you're not warn, yah not sick. You ok?" Her voice broke, her words seem to be different from the formed the sentence within her mind. Isabella only could shake her head, allowing her thick bouncy dark curls to cut through the air. Without knowing she steps back. "Oi, watch it! A husky voice called out. Splat! A soft rich- red apple laid splatter on the floor. A blue eye twitch, as deep breath was taken in from behind the short nervous girl. The strawberry girl stood frozen in place, her chess barely moved as a growl came from the tall guy, behind the short girl in front of her. "Oh shit- err, my- it's my fault!" Her mouth ran ahead of her brain. "I didn't mean to bump into you and ruin your apple thingy! I' m really sorry!" She almost fell onto her knees as the guy stare right through the shorter girl. The tall boy stared and stared some more at the two smaller girls in front of him. One, who face he could not see and the other was, well, the weird, but interesting, girl who happens to be wearing a piece of paper that had something print on in black and blue, it was something that look too familiar to him. Those numbers are those? He questions his memory, one piece of work stood out from the crowed. No way, that idiot! He answered himself. Isabella stood in the middle. So still, her muscle began to ache. One would believe she was dead if her small chess did not rise and fall with each small breath she took. Her red tipped ears waited for laughter or a sharp comment. Nothing came, other than: "Jane, that hat, I think-" He stared at the hat in question; he did not bother to roll his eyes at her interruption. "It's great right!" Jane just bean at him, mind filled with nothing but childish happiness. "No, it's your homework. The one that you lost the other a week," simply he stated." Also you own me a dessert, which is called an apple tart." Isabella watches as her companions bean drop into a frown; her eyes lose their shine as something flashes behind them. "Shit! Oh man, but I already got detention; hey do you think I can give it to him now and get me out of it? Oh who am I joking there's no way he will do that; I mean his… His, well him! " Jane rambled to no one in particular. Isabella only could whine as the girl landed with a thump onto the grass- slightly to the left side of her- the noise seem to ring in her ears only, as Jane continued. " Or maybe you could give it to him while I'll run homesick! Ben, please!" Jane begged the tall boy from her knelling position on the ground. Isabella eyed Jane's bear legs in envy, not because of their tone but because of how the knee scraping skid, left a tiny path into the grass and not a drop of blood. With Edward however; it more of the boring, but are some of the incredible importance days off his long life expectedly. After he had mange to locate all members of his not related but similar looking family, he had announced the incidence. Every one of them had, as Jane called them, fake golden eyes, and deadly pale unattractive skin in the shadows of the hallways. "The kids are on to us and there is odd girl- a very odd girl that we all should stay away from." And that is how I would have started and finishes the story known as Twilight.