is, and I wanted to do something special. Not that I'm happy he's gone or anything, of course I'm not, but... Bella... I didn't want to mourn his death. Not today. I've done my mourning, and I still miss Edward, and I love him-" He stopped, closing his eyes and taking several steadying breaths before continuing. "Today, I wanted to celebrate life. I thought maybe..." Jasper's fingers locked in his hair as he huffed. "God, I'm doing this all wrong." Clearing his throat, he took Bella's hand in his and tried again, "Bella, you've been there for me this past year. Been an incredible friend even when I didn't really deserve it. You've seen me through my darkest hours, and I'll forever be grateful for that." Bella swallowed past the lump in her throat, bracing herself for the let-down she was sure was about to follow. Of course it was time for Jasper to move on, and she just knew he was about to tell her it was time for her to leave. Jasper took a steadying breath and gave her a hesitant smile. His voice was tender, almost intimate, and that almost caused Bella to miss what he said. "Bells, I was... I was hoping that maybe we could celebrate together? Move on together?" Bella blinked stupidly at him, wondering if she'd understood correctly. It couldn't be possible, could it? Jasper was gay... wasn't he? She gazed up at him, a slight frown marring her brow. Her voice shook as she forced the words out. "W-what do you mean, Jasper?" Jasper's eyes fixed on Bella's as he took a step closer, invading her personal space. He cupped her cheek, sending a shiver down her spine. "Bella," he whispered. Jasper's breath washed over her face and then his lips brushed tentatively against hers. Bella froze, her desire for Jasper and her shock at what was happening, the million questions popping into her mind rendering her immobile. Jasper pulled back, frowning and confused – even a little hurt. "I'm sorry, I thought that maybe you-" he began even as Bella stammered, "B-but... you're gay ." At that, Jasper couldn't help himself. He started to laugh – he was surprised at how good it felt. Bella stared at him, bewildered. After a minute or so, Jasper grinned and shook his head, running his fingers through Bella's hair tenderly. "No, Bella, I'm bi. Didn't Edward ever tell you?" "I... No... He... It never really came up," she stammered, staring wide-eyed at Jasper as if seeing him for the first time. This time when Jasper leaned in to kiss her, Bella responded, relishing the feel of his lips against hers. Jasper whispered, "Bella, do you think maybe we could be more than Edward's best friend," he tapped her on the shoulder, "and his lover?" He pointed to himself. "Would it be possible for us to be... you know... together?" He felt awkward, like he was a teenager again as he waited with bated breath for Bella's answer. Thankfully, she didn't keep him waiting long as she laughed breathlessly. Bella wrapped her arms around his neck to keep him from moving too far away. "Jasper, I've been in love with you for years . I tried to keep it a secret... from you, from Edward... He knew, though. He... he asked me to..." She paused, wondering if she should tell him, then decided to hell with it and plunged on. "Jasper, he asked more than just for me to take care of you. He asked me to help you learn to live and love again." Jasper's heart skipped, and a part of him wondered how much of what Bella had done had been out of a sense of duty and how much because of how she claimed to feel about him. Bella allayed any fears he might have had when she added, "He said he knew I loved you as much as he did. That he wanted you to be happy again. I think he knew that if we'd give this a chance, we could be happy together." Silence hung heavy in the air between them until Jasper took a shuddering breath. "He gave his blessing." It wasn't really a question. Between what Bella had said, how well he knew Edward, and his experience earlier at Edward's grave, Jasper felt sure he was right. At her confused look, he gave her a wan smile. "I went to visit his grave today. I… I talked to him. About everything… us… I even asked him if he thought you might…" Jasper paused, blushing as he cleared his throat. "There was this bird and it just… it felt as if he was right there with me, you know? Telling me it was okay." Bella nodded and said, "Yeah, I think he did." Jasper gave her a tremulous smile. "So, what do you say, Bella?" Bella smiled brightly at him. "I'm yours, Jasper. I think I always have been." Jasper hugged her to him, kissing the top of her head. After a minute, he pulled away to pick up their wine glasses and held one out to Bella. Smiling tenderly at her, he raised his glass and said softly, "To Edward, for his love. To you, Bella, for your generous soul. To your sunlight breaking through my clouds of sorrow. To new beginnings. To love." "To us." A/N: Hiiii! I'm back. No, really. I'm back. At least, I will be, with At the Deep End . I'm still working through LLNT and other stuff, so I hope you'll remain patient with me. I do appreciate everyone's support. Starting tomorrow, 6/28/2014 , I'll post ATDE from the start both on my blog and on archiveofourown . org / users / naelany . I'll probably post at least twice a week, maybe more. Once I'm caught up on what's already on , I'll resume posting there as well. So, who's ready to go for a swim with me? See you soon!