and blue shorts. He was light skinned, with blue eyes, black hair and looked to be 16…how…odd? ' Isaac is the omega I was referring to. Bella took him in from a different pack who was trying to kill him…he was the runt .' Denali explained to me. Isaac shifted uncomfortably as Denali told me this, knowing he could hear as well. I was the Lt, apparently, absent from the pack and so he didn't know me. ' He's got quite the bite though. Don't let his size fool you, Carlisle. He's only 1/8 tribal, but I'll be damned if he's any less of a brother…even if he is Cree .' Dakota grins, causing Isaac to smile softly at his playful jab. ' I didn't know Cree had any shifters' I admitted still eyeing Isaac, not bothering to comment on his other heritage as it didn't really matter. ' They don't…at least not anymore. Bella sort of…well…she didn't take too kindly to them trying to kill Isaac just because he was light skinned, blue eyes and a runt, and it wasn't even just the alpha, it was the entire pack! ' Dakota says, working himself up. I frown. '… Did she have to kill them?' I couldn't help but wince. Denali shrugged while Dakota nodded firmly. I raised an eyebrow at Dakota, which caused him to look sheepish. ' They wouldn't stop trying to kill me, even after Bella killed the alpha' Isaacs voice whispers mentally. I sigh. "I'm sorry for not greeting you. I am Isaac, Omega of the pack…though, I'm hoping to work up out of the spot" Isaac says nervously holding out his arm. I smile kindly at him, grasping his arm. "It's a pleasure to meet you, I am Carlisle" I say. Isaac grins nodding and looks to Dakota. "I know, we've heard about you." Isaac says, repeating what Dakota said earlier. I look over to Bella, curious to what exactly has been said about me. I find her talking to Sam still; the old pack paying wrapped attention to what was being said. She was telling Sam some of the stories, the ones I refused to tell in front of any one. "Wait a minute, why wouldn't that lee-…er…he not tell Sam in front of us?" Quill Sr asks, changing 'leech' to 'he' abruptly when Bella glared. "The stories are for pack members only. None of you shift which means you are not part of the pack. If Carlisle had told Sam anything in front of you or his own family, he would have dishonored me. I tell you these stories, because it is important for you to hear…as it was for Emphrian. Your hate and bigotry is fueled only by your ignorance. I am well aware of what happened to Taakani, the first shifter of your people who was killed by red eyed cold ones. But you ignore the blaring obvious" Bella huffed in annoyance. "What's that?" Henry asks. "The eyes! Red cold ones feed and slaughter humans, while gold eyed feed off of only animals. The eyes go orange when one is either changing diet or if they slip! Just as no man is the same as the next, no cold one is either. Plus, gold-eyed cold ones do not smell nearly as potent as red-eyed ones. They only smell repulsive because they are cold ones and still have blood that is not native to their bodies." Bella explained. They all blinked and I couldn't help but smile softly. "This is why I called you newbies, my youngest is still a goo 50 years your seniors and he more knowledgeable than you!" Bella exclaimed, obviously referring to Isaac who was blushing. Sam looked eager to learn more but Bella looked over at me. ' I will speak with you later, Sam. Consult your elders and we'll meet at dawn in seven days. In the mean time -' "I have some catching up to do." Bella finished aloud walking towards me. Sam nods his understanding while the old pack seemed a bit put out and offended at Bella's seemingly abrupt despatcher. ' Always did cut to the chase' I told her grinning. ' I'm not big on theatrics .' Bella reminds me. "Will you stay with my family and I?" I invite her and my pack mates, two of which I didn't really know. Bella smiles warmly at me but shakes her head. "No, you have a family now, Carlisle. We'll not intrude. Besides, we have a house on the edge of town, apparently it belonged to Chief Swan but he moved to a smaller place. Apparently his wife moved out and divorced him because she hated this small town and she took his daughter, Renesme with her…" Bella tells me. I frown and am saddened to hear she won't stay with me in my house. "Why are you sad?" Jasper asks quietly. Bella glances at him before looking at me. The next thing I know, Bella shifts into her wolf form. "NO" I abruptly say before she could say anything. Bella bends down playfully. Denali, Isaac and Dakota all scoot away from Bella, knowing what Bella was going to do. Neither of us noticed Edwards eyes glued to Bella or the rest of my family looking worried. ' Come on, Carlisle, it'll be like old times' Bella says giggling. "Why can't you bond like normal people and talk?" I ask taking a step back. Bella titled her head to the side. ' I'm the first female alpha shifter with less native blood in me than Isaac, I've never alpha ordered anyone in my pack and I have them obeying me out of respect rather than domination, and I have a cold one in my pack…What exactly is normal about me? ' Bella asks. She had a point, actually. "Nice doggy" I grin causing my pack mates eyes to bulge. "Carlisle-" was Jaspers only heads up to Bella's shift in mood before Bella lunged.