home from university for Spring break, and he was looking as big a beefcake as ever. Whilst technically, I was the 'smallest' of the two of us, by society's standard, I was still built. For some reason, my mom always liked myself and Emmett on the same side of the table; for what reason I did not know, and my only guess was so she could give me a complex in the hope it would keep my outrageous attitude in check. She needn't worry about my ego anymore. Since my prison stint, no-one tended to look at me like I was worth a damn. Even that uppity brat in the gym today had made it her personal business to assert her authority over me. It was authority, and people shouting the odds that had got me into the mess I was in in the first place. "So Edward, how was your day?" My mom, although an artist by nature, read a child psychology book when I was ten, and from then on we had to have these touchy feely conversations at the dinner table. She even has this weird voice she puts on for it, which is only one step away from the telephone voice. Everyone hates the telephone voice. "Nothing special, pretty much the same as any other day." I speared a forkful of mashed potatoes, shovelling them into my mouth with the grace of an animal, hoping that my appalling table manners would stop her psychoanalysing me. "Did you go to the gym?" My mother was fishing. "Yes Mom, I go to the gym every morning." I wasn't going to bite. My brother shot me a quizzical look and I shrugged it off with a glug of my drink. "And did you meet with your support worker today?" I narrowed my eyes at her. "Mom, I'm not going to any support worker meetings. I don't need one. For the last time, I'm not going to throw myself out of a second storey window because I've served a prison term. We both know he's just a glorified counsellor." "Honey, I just think that it would be a good idea if…" "Mom. I have a job, I don't go out at night anymore, in fact, I'm pretty sure I hardly leave the house at all thanks to the psychological baby gates you've installed in me. The whole neighbourhood treats me like a leper, so I'm hardly likely to fall off the wagon anytime soon. I go to the gym, I go to the autoshop. Occasionally, I go wild and journey to the garage to buy myself some cigarettes. That's it." I see her wince at my sarcasm. And suddenly I feel so very guilty. My mother's face has lined over the years, the last two years, to be specific. And the entirety of my relationship with Tanya. She's still beautiful, but in a much more resigned way, and she hardly ever smiles anymore. And I know that's my fault. I chew hastily, and try to change the subject. "As it happens, I did meet someone today, but she was a total bitch." My mother winced at the slight curse word, and I laughed, indulging her. She was such a southern belle, it amused me. Even raising two teenage boys hadn't hardened her to casual swearing. She put down her fork. "She seems to be the new receptionist, or something? She didn't train or anything. Just stood there hollering at me." Esmé's face suddenly brightened. "Oh, so Bella's back?" I raised an eyebrow. "Bella who?" My father piped up from the other end of the table. "Bella Swan, Charlie's little girl. Only I guess she's not so little anymore. She must be around…" "Eighteen?" Emmett offered, his freakish mathematical brain and photographic memory striking again. He mumbled it around a mouthful of bread, spraying crumbs everywhere, and my mother sighed softly, resigned to having a Neanderthal as a son. Bella Swan. The last time I had seen Bella Swan was when she was an awkward, gawky 7 year old, whom I teased relentlessly for being the only girl to spend so much time in the gym. I believe, quite cockily at the time, that I accused her of being a peeping tom on all of the teenage boys. I had made her cry and Carlisle had cuffed me around the ear, but it had been true. She had always watched us all with a rapt attention, and it had made me more than a little sad that the poor kid had just been left to her own devices for pretty much any time she wasn't in school, because her mom was a fruit loop. "No way, Bella Swan was much less of an asswipe." "Edward Cullen." My mother's voice was sharp. "I will not have that language at my dinner table." Myself, Emmett and my dad stifled our laughter around the pork and gravy. "Anyway, she's only just got back here. Please tell me you waited at least until after polite introductions before you got into some verbal sparring match." I chewed guiltily. "Oh Edward! You have to be careful. You know more than I do that people are tetchy around you since…" My anger flared. "I got it Mom. No pissing off damsels in distress for fear I get culled by an angry mob." "Edward, that's not what I meant, but Charlie's a nice guy and…" "And I'm just a stinking criminal. I get it. Edward the disappointment strikes again." My voice was bitter with sarcasm, and I could feel it twisting me tighter inside. Squeezing around my organs and making my stomach drop. Building on my irrationality. And suddenly my knife and fork were clattering to the plate and my chair was screeched back, and I was running again. My mother called after me from the kitchen table, but I was too far gone. I'm always too far gone. Let's desert this day of hurt, tomorrow we'll be free.