"What?!" Tanya exclaims, raising her voice as her frustration skyrocekts. The officer has offended her. The shocked expression she wears warps into an indignant scowl, but her marred features does nothing to diminish her beauty. "We're the ones who were attacked!" "That's a lie!" Mike counters quite believably, even though he is lying through his teeth. "They gang-banged us." The opposing claims start a chaotic argument between the members of Edward's crew and my ego-wounded friends. Everyone is yelling over each other to get their word in, the officer keeps snapping his head from left to right so he can hear both stories, and the crowd behind us is still jumping around and rooting rambunctiously. Edward is oddly the only person who does not defend himself. "I'm tired of these ridiculous shenanigans you Kirkland kids keep causing. This time when you get suspended we're sending you away for good. Back where you belong. Back with all of your failing schools...and this time we're getting the police involved." "We were standing over here minding our own business." Tanya explains loudly. The disrespectful attitude she's giving makes it hard for the officer to want to take her side. "When this idiot brought his band of followers over to stir up some trouble." "All I wanted to do was talk." Mike says this earnestly and Tanya's mouth drops in awe as she watches the officer drink in his story. It all has to do with reputation and the side of the tracks that you come from. They're on the unlucky end and Mike is using his "rich boy" card to his advantage. "Ask Bella. Her dad is the chief. She'd never lie about something like this." Officer Clearwater's eyes turn towards me and I instantly shrink back. I definitely do not like being put onto the spot. It makes me extremely uncomfortable. I hate pondering my morals. They're already obscure enough. Now, I either have to lie to stay loyal to my boyfriend, or tell the truth and ultimately betray his trust. "Is it true Bella?" Officer Clearwater asks carefully, glancing down at me with appraising eyes. He looks leveled and understanding, completely opposite from how he looked when Tanya tried to plea her case to him. "Did Edward and his friends start the fight or not?" I am struck without my voice for a few seconds. Tanya's piercing eyes lay upon mine. They are fueled with a hatred I've never seen before. Mike is looking at me impatiently. His swollen face is swallowed with frustration. Everyone else is looking at me with similar expressions. They're all curious and waiting to see what I'll say. Edward is the only one who has this unique sort of look on his face. His brows are furrowed, his lips are pursed, and his head is tilted just marginally in my direction. He's looking at me with a wry expectancy, as if he knows I'm going to lie on him. He's looking at me like he knows exactly who I am, like he can see my weaknesses, like it disgusts him. "Bella?" Clearwater nudges my shoulder lightly. My gaze drops from Edward's and meet his dull one instead. "Are you going to answer the question?" I look down into my hands, shaking my head regretfully. "Not." "What?" He asks incredulously, stepping forward to hear me more clearer. I sigh to myself. I am disturbed that I have to say it again. I don't dare look at Mike's face, any of friends, or anyone that is in the crowd. "We approached them. An argument broke out. Mike threw the first punch." "I see." It is clear to see that Clearwater did not want to hear me admit the truth. He would much rather have liked a reasonable excuse to send the Kirkland kids back to their town, than to condemn some of the kids from Forks. "I guess we'll settle this tomorrow morning. Be on your way." This is our cue to depart and everyone effectively disperses. The show is over. Mike lost. Edward won. I'm a traitor. No one says anything to me on our way over to Mike's car. They are all pissed off and with very good reason. I don't even know why I didn't just lie. It would have been a lot easier than dealing with the cold shoulders and strange stares that I'm going to be getting for the next couple of weeks. But it was the way Edward had looked at me... We begin to get inside of Mike's car. Everyone is moving like robots. Before I take my side in the passengers seat, I look back across the lot once more. Edward is not the one I find staring at me like I would have expected. He is over to the side with Tanya. She's touching his face with her soft fingers and kissing his sore spots. The person that is looking my way is his cousin Alice Brandon. She is a short, little-thing with inky black hair. It's delicate, and wavy, and falls to her shoulders freely. All of her features are soft and pretty. She has green eyes that mirror Edward's but they are not nearly as intense. There is something inside of them though. There's a glint that shows itself to me when her lips tug into a smile. I am confused but even though it is brief, I know that her smile is meant for me. That is all she offers me before she turns around and joins the rest of her group. I rejoin my group. And then we're all back to our respective lives. Our very different lives... Additional Author note : I want to state that in order to make the story line work I have reconstructed the map of Washington State. The geographic aspects are not all accurate as some of you who've visited Washington may now. The way Kirkland and Forks are designed in this fic is fictional and on my behalf.