to worry about, I love you," Edward told him firmly but with a smile, knowing to de-escalate his boyfriend quickly. He rubbed his boyfriend's clenched fist. "I think him and Seth would really hit it off," Knowing that Jacob's younger assistant was single and gay. The silence between the pair continued and Edward knew he had to distract his boyfriend. "Come on, I'll show you my classroom," He said, standing up and grabbing his boyfriend's hand. The two continued down the hall and into the door on the left that was Edward's classroom. Edward closed the door of the classroom behind them, pulling the blind down over the door's window. Edward could see a dark look cross his boyfriend's face, knowing that they were on the same page. He beckoned to his boyfriend as he stood with his back against the door of his class, his eyes locked on Jacob. The tanned man took large steps before locking lips with his shorter boyfriend, wrapping his arms around Edward's lower back and pulling his boyfriend even closer. Jacob's tongue battled against Edward's less dominate one. Edward let out a soft sigh as Jacob's hand's wandered over his ass, squeezing it lightly. Jacob's used one hand to grab both of Edward's wrists, holding them against the door and above his head. The taller man broke the kiss looking into his boyfriend's eyes. "Who do you belong to?" He growled lowly before locking lips again. Edward groaned as Jacob began to grind on him, him having no control over his boyfriend's moves. "Tell me Edward Masen, who owns this body," Jacob taunted his slighter boyfriend, continuing his grinding on the pale man. Edward arched against his boyfriend's movements, his dick swelling and pounding under his slacks. "Fucking tell me Edward," Jacob snarled, Edward looked to his boyfriend's face, not wanting to say it but too far gone, to let him stop. "You, I belong to you," Edward whispered, rubbing himself against his boyfriend. Jacob let out a growl at the words before pulling Edward towards his desk, pushing his back onto the table. Jacob feverishly undid Edward's pants, pulling them along with the boxers to around the other man's ankles. Edward ass pressed painfully into the corner of the table but he didn't move. Edward hissed as Jacob grabbed his cock, pumping it in his hand, Edward's eyes fluttered shut in pleasure. "Whose cock is this?" Jacob growled quietly, looking at his boyfriend's face, his mouth open slightly, letting out small moans as his boyfriend pumped his dick. "It's yours' Jacob," Edward hissed a bit too loudly. "You don't want to be caught do you?" Jacob taunted him smirking as his boyfriend was withering under him. "Or do you, you dirty little slut?" Jacob hissed as he continued his movements, Edward groaned at his boyfriend's dirty talk. "Do you want someone to see us? With your legs wide open for me, being my dirty whore?" Jacob spoke, his voice low and raspy. "Tell me what you are, tell me Edward," "Oh god, please suck me," Jacob tsked him, increasing his hand movements. "Not until you tell me what you are," "I'm your dirty whore, your slut, and I want your mouth on my cock. Please just suck me off," Edward spoke to him desperately, anything to get him to continue. Jacob kneeled down, Edward placing his hands on his short dark hair. Jacob looked up at Edward before licking up and down his entire length causing Edward to bite his tongue to contain a loud moan. Jacob licked and continued pumping with his hand, soft wet sounds filling the classroom air. Jacob took Edward's entire length in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks before pulling his mouth off again. "Fuck my mouth Edward. Use me," Jacob said put his entire mouth on Edward's cock but stopping his movements. Edward tightened his grip on Jacob's head pushing the bigger man's head, groaning in pleasure. Edward head lulled back in pleasure of his boyfriend's hot mouth on his dick, as he fucked Jacob's mouth. He felt his balls tightened as his orgasm quickly built, he quickened his pace of pumping his cock in the other man's mouth. "Cum in my mouth," Jacob told him when Edward pulled his mouth off his dick only to continue fucking his mouth. Edward obeyed his boyfriend releasing his load into Jake's mouth, before letting of Jacob's head. Jacob stood up, locking lips with his boyfriend allowing Edward to taste his own cum. "I love you Edward," Jacob spoke as he placed his forehead on the other's while they caught their breath. Edward caught a glance at the clock, quickly pulling his boxers and pants back on as he realised he had only five minutes until his next class. He grabbed a air freshener from his desk spraying the musky air before planting another kiss on his boyfriend's lips. "I need you to go Honey, I have class in two minutes." Edward told Jacob, his green eyes mischievous thinking about what they just did at his place of work. Jacob's dark eyes gave him a wink as he walked to the door, turning to look at his boyfriend. "Watch out for that Jasper dude," Jacob said firmly, his face tense and serious. Edward's eyes widened in fear as he just nodded back in response. "See you later slut," Jacob smirked as he walked out of Edward's classroom and disappeared down the hall. Edward collapsed into his chair, rubbing his face with his hands. "Are you ok Edward?" When he looked up he saw Jasper leaning against the door, as students milled behind him to their next class. "Yeah I'm good thanks," He replied simply, not wanting to share his thoughts with the other teacher. Jasper looked at him, a curious glance before nodding and heading down the hall as Edward's students came to take their seats. A/N: Well well that was hot... (at least I hope) leave a review and favorite/follow.