catheter removed, and only then, you can truly leave." "Sorry," my blush made him laugh, "and thank you very, very much Dr. Vo… Aro!" I corrected myself in time. With that Dr… Aro left and Edward reassumed his position beside me. I turned to Edward and asked him to explain what happened. "Well, our good friend here and Seth decided to scare you girls," Edward started and Emmett had the decency of looking embarrassed. "While Seth turned off the power of the house, the ezel got my baseball bat," Emmett wanted to complain, but a quick glance to Edward's píssed daring expression had him changing his mind, "put on that sky mask he remembered finding this morning in our garage, and then they went after you. Apparently, you got yourself so worked up that you passed out and Rosalie, differently from you, decided to take the fight response instead of the flight one and punched Emmett square in the face… and the evidence of its efficacy is in form of a recently reconstructed nose!" he said, fighting a laugh, but losing the battle and giving a full belly laugh. "Hey, dude… not funny!" Emmett shot back. "Where's Rose? Are everyone else okay?" I asked. Since we were the only ones in this room, I assumed the others were joining someone else. "Oh, don't worry," Edward said with such pleasure I didn't know what to think of it, "besides a slightly bruised hand, Rosalie will be just fine!" "Hey, that's some woman!" Emmett said with a goofy grin, "Any woman who can throw a punch like that has my most absolute respect!" – Yep, he did seem truly proud! Crazy guy! – "And the fact that she achieved her goal without being damaged… Man that's hot!" – And maybe I'm not the one hit in the head… Wait… my head… "But, why did you hit me in the head?" I asked Emmett, suddenly feeling mad. "Easy there, tiger…" he snorted a laugh, "You passed out and hit your head in the stairs." He held his hands up, as if I were going to attack him. "You scared me so much, baby!" Edward said with an exasperated sigh. "Jake, Jazz and I were talking just outside the house waiting for you, when we heard yelling and Emmett cursing… we just rushed inside to find you just…" I could actually see the panic in his handsome features, and his breath sped up while he closed his eyes and held me tighter, "there… lying there…" he took a deep breath and let out a gust of air, kissing the corner of my lips afterwards. "Man… Sorry! I can never make that up!" Emmett said and had tears in his eyes. "At least Rose got back on you for me." Edward lightened up the mood, and for that I was glad, after all we were all fine, "I swear, if you were not bleeding so much and putting sailors to shame, I don't know what I'd have done." "Well, my nose was kinda crooked… Now the doctor fixed it!" He said as if being punched in the face was nothing but getting a bruise after hitting his shin somewhere… – Yep, tough just like Rose's kind of man! – "I've just figured there's no such thing as a Halloween without some fright… and acted on it!" Emmett smiled at me. " Dude , did you not hear me during the movies.." I asked him – unbelievable! "Well, playing pranks is a tradition in my family," Emmett said smirking, "and since the night was all about traditions…" Nurse Jessica chose that moment to enter the room. "As long as ending the nigh in the ER does not become a tradition… What do you say, huh, Bella?!" she smiled at me while removing the catheter. "Couldn't agree more…" I said, already standing up to say my good-byes and leave. ~~~ NP~~~ After meeting everyone in the reception and assuring them I was fine, we went back to the Cullen's to sleep – indoors, mind you! – and while snuggling as close as possible with Edward, I started to see the fun in all of it. "Well, at least I'll have one veridical story to tell my children in Halloween." I say to Edward. "Beautiful, that could be comic or even a little tragic," he holds me tighter while we lay in his bed, "but besides we getting scared that you got unconscious, this could never pass as a scary story for our children!" And with his assumption that my kids were, of course, also going to be his, I almost pass out for the second time! He kisses me and tells me to rest. "Good night, baby!" I tell him. "With you?! It won't be a good nigh… it'll be an awesome one!" He jokes. "Even if we won't be doing nothing but sleep?" I tease him. "Sweet dreams, beautiful!" he deflects my attempt – damned doctor… can't say I didn't try, at least – "I love you!" he says and kisses the crown of my head. "Love you, too!" I reply and fall asleep across his chest seconds later, not realizing how tired I really was. ~~~ NP~~~ Yep! That was some Halloween night.. I can't say I haven't spent many Halloween nights too scared to get to sleep, but never before it was this dreadful: a night in the ER! Come on! A/N: Tricks or Treats?! :-D Hoping all of you have the best Halloween so far, the worse counting from now on, and that you can have half the fun my friends and I do, even if it is not tradition. A tradition has to begin with someone, so I hope if you don't have one you get inspired to create your own and make countless memories from it! Well, if you've came this far, why not being through with it leaving a comment?! Go ahead and make yourself at home! ;-) X,X Nanda.