of here." "So, when can I leave then?" "Not for a week or two. We need to make sure that you're completely healthy and won't make a possible relapse in the future." You somehow doubted that would happen- considering the fact that you now have [Gamer's Body] - but you didn't want to argue with the trained professional. "As is, you just need to lay there and be comfortable. Your parents will arrive any minute now." With a smile, he left the room. You waited until you could hear his footsteps fading down the hall before you started messing around with your new powers. " [Observe] ." Hospital Monitor Worth: $200 Monitors your heart and vital signs. You're pretty much trapped in this hospital bed until your parents can break you out. Until then, you might as well grind what few skills you have. " [Observe] ." Hospital Cabinet Worth: $5 Contains various forms of medicines and hospital tools. The second you close the blue screen another appears. Your skill [Observe] has increased by 1 level! "Sweet!" You can't wait to test this out on- A quest has been created! You blink in surprise. A quest already? Didn't you have to go out, and, you know, do stuff in order to get quests? You wait for the screen to say anything else. When it doesn't, you press the exit button. A new screen promptly fills its place. Quest Alert! [Survive the Earthquake] The Gamer must survive the ensuing earthquake without taking a single hit of damage. Time Limit: 2 minutes Reward: 200XP, +2 Dexterity, and +1 Constitution. Failure: Possibility of injury/death. "Wha-" RUMBLE RUMBLE RUMBLE RUMBLE RUMBLE Everything around you starts to shake. Bottles, medical tools, flowers, and cards start falling all around you and the building shakes. You can see the walls and floors ripple around you as one of the heart monitors falls and crashes to the floor. You can hear shouts and screams coming from behind your door, the noise almost managing to cover the sound of the plaster above you starting to fall apart. You scramble from your bed, managing to land on your feet as you throw yourself away from your previous spot. Seconds later, the ceiling breaks and a rain of plaster and wood falls down onto the bed, crushing it. You don't have a moment to feel relieved. You hear some more ominous cracking coming from above you and look up to see the ceiling about to cave in. Without thinking about it, you roll to the side, just barely managing to keep yourself from getting injured as plaster and wood fall from above to where you once were. You manage to get up to your knees and crawl over to one of the lower cupboards. A glance to the side shows that one of the windows is already cracking. You just manage to open one of the cupboard doors when the window shatters, sending glass everywhere. You use the door as a makeshift shield, ducking your head behind it as glass rains from above. The shaking is only making everything worse, and you feel your grip start to loosen as the shaking increases. Everything is breaking around you as you huddle halfway inside a cupboard that is much too small for you. The sound of the room being wrecked, the hospital shaking to its foundations, and the unrelenting screaming that's coming from outside your door all merges into one loud screeching noise that sets your skin on edge in its intensity. Then, just as soon as it all started, it stopped. You cautiously open your eyes and peer past the cupboard door. Your hospital room is a complete mess. The ceiling has almost completely caved in, with the floors being covered in a fine sheet of drywall and plaster. Your bed had collapsed under the weight of the fallen ceiling, while both of your windows were broken. Most of the hospital machines were broken during the quake, some of them having fallen to the ground. Glass, plaster, and broken bits of machinery litter the floor. Outside your door, you can hear shouts and calls for help, as well as the occasional scream. You can even hear a few people running past your room as you sit there, huddled behind the cupboard door. You slowly stand up. A blue screen appears. Quest [Survive the Earthquake] has been completed! You have gained 200XP! You have gained +2 Dexterity! You have gained +1 Constitution! Through repeated action, a new skill has been created! The skill [Dodge] has been created! A quest has been created! Your eyes narrow in slight anger. Somehow, in the face of an actual tragedy, the cheerful playfulness of your new gamer powers seem less fun. You exit out of all three screens. Just like before, a new one takes their place. Quest Alert! [Ametuer Disaster Reief] The Gamer must rescue/heal as many people as they can within the allotted time frame. Time Limit: 5 hours Reward: 50XP per individual person you save, +2 Wisdom, and increased respect amongst the community. Failure: None Accept? Decline? It's a no brainer. You hit Accept , and a red, somewhat transparent box appears a foot in front of you. 5:00:00 4:59:59 4:59:58 4:59:57… You need to hurry. Time is literally wasting right in front of you. You feel the familiar calmness wash over you as you carefully walk over the glass and broken bits of machinery towards the door. You take a deep breath. Time to save lives, and gain some XP. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Author Note: Please give me your opinion on the story in the reviews. All reviews are welcome, even flames. I wish to know what to fix in my writing, so all forms of criticism are welcome. Name: Isabella Swan Class: The Gamer Level: 3 Alignment: Chaotic Good Species: Human XP: 1700/3000 Health: 283/300 Mana: 150/150 Stat Points: 0 Strength: 13 Constitution: 14 Dexterity: 15 Intelligence: 13 Charisma: 12 Wisdom: 13 Luck: 13