settling down on us, trying to disperse Gracie's annoyance. "Technically, your mother is a doctor…" I remarked somewhat absent-mindedly. Tuck gave me a meaningful, offish glare and folded his arms in front of his chest. "She's a gynecologist." Point taken. I shoot out my tongue at him which was rewarded by a French fry hitting my forehead then coming to halt in my hair. My jaw dropped in jolly awe, the sides of my lips still curling up, and I fought back with two fries – much to Gracie's displease. "Would you two please try to pretend to be more than four and try not to-…" She was cut off by a bun hitting her face. She let the bun fall to the floor, her expression hardening before she let the temptation take over. "That's enough!" Grace picked up all of her fries and threw them at us with a devilish grin. Tuck and I ducked under the table but attacked as soon as the fry-bullets stopped. Grace was fighting on two fronts which proved to be insuperable even for Hitler. Soon enough we were stopped in front of our food-battle by a supervising teacher who told us we will clean up the whole canteen after the other's are finished but it was still fun. After the bell rang, all of the students headed off to their class. When Paul passed by me he gave me a ruffle and stole one of the fries survived the battle off the table. Seth was the last of the Uley-pack to leave the canteen; he seemed to take his time with packing wittingly. When he looked back at me from the doorway I waved to him – fuck, that grin what appeared on his lips! That little wave I gave to him somehow lightened up his already happy mood. After school Paul waited for me at the parking lot. He drove an old but renewed Ford Mustang; the car's mauve red color stood out in the middle of all the black, white and dark blue cars the other had. "Can I ask you something?" I wondered when we reached a traffic light which just turned to red. "You already did." How I hated his wrecked humor sometimes! He might have seen the huffiness in my eyes and gave in with a smug grin on his face. "Sure, whatever, Jinx." "Since when are you buddies with Seth Clearwater?" "I guess it's none of your business. Seth is... Fine." "But you said I should stay away from him," I pointed out somewhat uncomprehendingly. "I did. And you still should." "But you…" "I do a lot of things," Paul cut me off with a raised tone, "which you shouldn't." "Yeah, I know," I sighed. "For example, you just drove through a road junction strictly without stopping…" He looked at me sharply. He hated when other told him how to drive, it was a weak point of him. I wanted to continue but seeing as he was practically clenching the steering wheel so hard his fingers whitened and it gave out strange, cracking noises I shut up and looked out of the window. It was raining again, the raindrops rolled down the window competing each other. Eventually I couldn't bear to hold back the subject I was eager to discuss with Paul. Well, I wasn't eager because it was a strange case but I had to. "Seth was very strange today…" Paul looked at me from the corner of his eyes then drove his gaze back to the road. "And?" "Well, I mean, he didn't start to perform ancient tribal rain dances but he looked at me all the time…" I was about to continue when Paul stepped on the brakes so hard the car stopped with jarring noises and my torso fell forward till the point the safety belt allowed. Luckily for us we were already on the access road leading home with no car in seeing distance. Paul turned nearly completely towards me, not even slightly distracted by the sudden stop. "What do you mean by 'looking'?" I frowned angrily. "I dunno, he was just… Looking at me. Like, in a creepy way. Almost as if he had been afraid I might disappear or get hurt if he doesn't continue to stare… Like…" "Like you was the one thing keeping him on Earth?" Paul asked facilely; I had the feeling that he already knew what I was talking about. "Have you eaten a page of my literature book? Yeah, I guess. Though what I saw is not exactly…" But Paul was nowhere next to me anymore. He jumped out of the drivers seat in such a pace I didn't even realized he got out until I saw him running towards the trees on the right side of the road; I swear I saw his body trembling and shaking. I got out of the car and tried to run after him but when I successfully unclasped the belt, he already reached the outermost of the trees. "Paul!" I cried after him. "Go home!" That was all he said, then nothing, no noise, no sight of him, just me in the middle of the road next to the car with the engine still running and the sound of the rain pattering on the leaves. Sometimes he pissed me off, too. Hey guys! So, I have no idea what I'm doing. Seriously. I was never really fond of Twilight, in fact, I was against it but then I read the first book a week ago or so and I've realized that it's not that bad! I mean, the Quileutes and the werewolves are simply awesome - the only thing that makes the book still somewhat unenjoyable for me is Bella, and Edward, and, you know, the main thing. (No offense!) So, what I want to say is thanks in advance for those reading this. I would really appreciate if you'd leave a review once you've read it! :)