myself bitterly. "Bells!" I heard from my right. I looked up and around, forcing a smile on my face as I saw my father. He was in his police uniform, so I knew he'd drop me off and then go back to work—his wife and family. I got up just as he reached me. He grabbed my bag off me and slung it over his shoulder, leaning forward to hug me in a rare, completely unexpected, and uncharacteristic display of affection. I closed my eyes briefly as his arm curled around my upper back, over my shoulder blades. I opened them as he let me go and we shared a smile—one that actually came naturally to me this time. The drive back to Forks from Seattle was silent, and took quite a while—about three and a half hours. By the time we stopped outside the house, it was dark. Charlie hopped out as soon as the car was parked and got my bag out for me. He closed my door after me, leaving the keys in the ignition—further proof he'd be leaving as soon as he was sure I was settled. He let us into the house, and I stopped in the hall, taking a look around. The stairs were just a few steps away, slightly off to the left. Between that and the door were a mirror and a slim but lengthy table with a bowl on it for various keys and loose change. To the right was an archway into the living room, and another from there into the kitchen. There was another door down the hall between the archway, the wall and the staircase led to the kitchen as well, it looked like, but it was shut and I could not recall ever using it. There were glass sliding doors straight from the kitchen into the backyard. The backyard, from memory, was small but quite nice and led straight into the woods—no fences. Upstairs, again only from memory, were two bedrooms of equal size and a bathroom at the end of the hall, opposite which was a fixed cupboard for towels and bed linen. Charlie's house was nice, quaint, and small. But it worked for him, and I knew it would work for me as well. Unlike Renée, I had no desire for the grandeurs of life; I much preferred simple—one of the many qualities my mother detested in me. Renée was never able to understand that with which she was unfamiliar. "Bells?" Charlie called, forcing me from my thoughts. I blinked and looked over at him. He was at the foot of the stairs, looking expectant. I smiled and nodded, shoving my hands in my pocket. He made his way up the stairs and I followed him. He led me to the door opposite his room at the top of the stairs—my room. With a nervous glance at me, he opened the door and stepped through. As I'd done downstairs, he continued through and let my bag down onto the bed with a huff of exertion while I hung back and looked. "Purple's good, right? Sue helped me with the room… said teenage girls like purple," Charlie blurted out after a minute or two of silence. I blinked and nodded, looking at the bed. "Purple's fine. Thanks, Dad." He nodded and silence fell between us once again. Then he started again. "I—I'm really glad you're here, Bells," he said gruffly, looking down at his feet. I smiled a small smile. "So am I, Dad." And for some reason, I really was. He glanced up at me with a small smile of his own, nodded, and then returned to his usual gruffness. "Uh… well, I gotta get back to work to finish something off. I'll be home soon—maybe in around an hour, so seven-thirty?" I shrugged. "Sure… I'll have dinner ready." He blushed and said nothing, choosing to nod again in appreciation. Then he turned jerkily and walked out the door. I pressed my lips together to stop my giggle. Charlie certainly hadn't changed. I stood around in the room until I heard the door downstairs shut loudly. I sighed and relaxed my shoulders. Walking forward a little, I sat down on the bed. Gloom and depression rolled through me at the clouds and rain and wind outside, but I pushed back the tight feeling in my throat and the tears in my eyes. I sighed again. "Welcome to Forks," I muttered to myself, looking around the room before letting myself fall back sharply against the bed. I closed my eyes, tried to ignore the sounds from outside, and imagined hot, sunny Texas and entwined hands and tall-grass. I sniffled and curled up on the bed on my side. A watery smile settled on my face as I thought of Jasper, and for the thousandth time, I wished he were real. Just a few more things… First up, I have to promise you I don't usually have such huge ANs. I just wanted to keep you informed about a few things this first go 'round. Dreams and memories like that aren't going to be the norm, I don't think. In the 20 chapters or so I already have planned, it's not happened again (from the top of my memory). This will be all BPOV. There's no Jasper. Sorry about that. A re-cap from up the top—posts are once a week, on a Sunday at this time pretty much on the dot. You can find the Facebook group to post questions, read sneak peeks, view pic teasers, check out the banner and discuss—link on profile. Another thank you to my pre-readers: Jennifer, Danielle, and Alicia, and also to my awesome manip maker, banner maker and beta, Chandrakanta. A special thanks to James Ramsey, as well, for all her help. And I think that's all for now. See you next week on Sunday… Please review—at the very least to tell me you're with me and what you think. ncbexie25