that Brady wasn't the type of guy to go start a rumor at school that would reveal my sexual preferences to the entire campus. I watched them as they controlled most of the conversation and pondered why my heart was still racing so fast. I had been attracted to a guy occasionally since I had come out to myself two years ago. But this guy simply took my breath away. His perfectly carved out face was beautiful when he smiled and laughed, carefree and horribly innocent. I wondered if I'd ever allow myself to fall for a guy when I was still in the closet. Isn't that kind of like cheating on them? Like, you're with them in bed, but outside in the real world, you pretend to be someone else? I didn't like those thoughts. But the thought of being with Embry still intrigued me and I couldn't stop thinking about the last time I had a sort of relationship with a guy. But then again, James was also in the closet so it was a win/win situation for both of us. For a while, Brady and Embry seemed to be perfectly content with simply participating in light conversation with me. While we talked, my eyes wandered aimlessly scanning the crowds of unfamiliar bodies that were very closely packed into a dancing mop, all in different stages of undress. I kind of admired every single person in this room because of what they were doing. Sure, they were simply dancing in a club, but that meant that each and every single one of them had gone through some sort of self-realization and acceptance of themselves. Most of them may have been completely out of the closet, and the large number of people gathered from one city in one gay club amazed me. "Hey sugar, where'd ya zone off to?" I looked back to Embry who had been trying to get my attention for a few seconds. "Oh, sorry, just fascinated by this crowd… I've never… uh, been… to a club before," I shrugged feebly in embarrassment and looked down. "Hey, you got nothing to be embarrassed of," he picked up my chin with his forefinger and I looked up into his deep brown eyes. I'd never met someone as intriguing as this guy. I smiled in gratitude at his kindness and steered the conversation away from me, "So tell me guys, what's going on between you two? You seem pretty… close." I smiled, remembering their kiss in the beginning of the night. Brady started to giggle and Embry smiled down at him. "Okay, okay! Let me tell him," Brady giggled some more, then proceeded, "You see, Embry has a thing for twinks," Embry huffed but smirked at the same time, "We met right in this very bar, as a matter of fact; exactly a year ago. I was dancing over there with one of my guy friends, minding my own business, when this pretty hunk over here comes over and wraps himself around my body. Of course, I'm not surprised, this had happened quite a few times before. But then he started talking and he admitted that he'd been stalking me for a month!" "I did not! I was just admiring your beauty from afar. And what am I supposed to do when I knew you come here every Friday?" Embry chuckled and I saw Brady roll his eyes "Well, I'd managed to hold him back for about two weeks, before he had pressed all my buttons and I exploded. I mean, you try and resist this hot piece of sex on legs, and see what happens!" I laughed along with the two of them but emphasized, "Exploded?" This time Embry replied, "He dragged me to the back room in and blew me like the best I'd ever gotten! Think I came in about two seconds too." Brady giggled and twirled his hair. "Then I took him home and fucked him till the next day. It was pretty fucking hot, if you ask me." He leaned forward as if to tell me a secret and whispered loudly enough for Embry to hear, "He even took my virginity!" he started giggling some more and Embry chuckled and rubbed his back lovingly. I looked in amazement at two people who had blindly put trust in each other and gotten a great magical outcome. "So what happened to make you guys become best friends?" "Well, we fucked for about a third of the year. I was burning off some pent up energy, if you know what I'm talking about," Brady winked, and continued, "But eventually we figured out that we definitely loved each other but only as friends. I mean the sex was great but, we didn't have that connection that you would have with a lover. You know? We've been living our lives freely, and at the same time stayed as the best of friends ever since then." We stopped talking for a couple of minutes to sip on our drinks, them thinking about old times, and me wondering what it felt like to have a lover. I'd always thought of myself as growing up and finding the perfect dream man; losing my virginity in a romantic setting and making love to him every night after that. But now I wondered if there really was such simple life out there. Because Embry and Brady started arguing about who was to blame from them ending their 'relationship', I was able to space out and focus on the people that surrounded us. One moment I was wondering how it felt to wear such leather pants, and the other my heart had leapt to my stomach at the sight of someone entering the front door to the club. Fuck. I should have been more careful. I should have thought about the possibility of seeing Jasper in a gay bar. I didn't trust that guy one bit. What if he told everybody? Fuck. My. Life.