was aware that surgery was a distinct possibility, and that scared me, even though I knew he wouldn't be my problem any more. The fact is, I hadn't thought of Brody as a problem, not even for one second. Of course, he was Edward's responsibility again, and it didn't matter how unfair that felt. It didn't matter that Brody owned my heart. Edward owned Brody, errrr Mace... whatever. I wiped my traitorous eyes for the millionth time, wishing that he wasn't there to see my distress. He offered me a tissue, but I pretended not to see. "Look, Miss Swan, I know you're angry at me. I'm angry at myself, too. I feel more guilty than I can possibly express. But I also feel relieved, grateful and so, so blessed. I can see how much you love him, how selflessly you've cared for him. I am in your debt." "I didn't do it for you," I retorted, my voice biting and cold. That shut him up. By the time Dr. Cheney returned, pushing the exam table on slightly squeaking casters, the room temperature had dropped at least ten degrees. He looked back and forth between Edward and me, before choosing to address the space between us. "I'm very pleased with how well he is healing. I'm seeing new bone tissue forming already, with excellent alignment across the pelvis and through the lower spine. I admit, my original feelings were a little guarded, but our boy here is healthy, strong and overflowing with joie de vivre. If he can continue with the degree of care and attention he has been receiving this past week, I see no reason why he can't be chasing squirrels and frisbees a month from now." And there it was… Dr. Cheney was laying the credit at my feet, and challenging the official owner to do as much for his charge as a complete stranger had. I looked over at Edward, and my heart took an uncomfortable dip into my stomach. He was looking down at Brody with such remorse that I couldn't help feeling sorry for the anger and blame I had directed his way. "Could I speak with Miss Swan for a minute? In private?" he asked the doctor without looking up. Dr. Cheney raised one eyebrow at me. When I nodded, he gave me an encouraging smile, then disappeared into the reception area, closing the door behind him. "He's right, you know." "He is?" I asked, caught off guard. "The only reason Mace is doing so well is because of you. And the truth is, there's no way I can match it. I work twelve hours a day. I drop Mace off at doggy daycare at six in the morning, and don't pick him up again until they close. So, I guess it doesn't really matter how much I miss him while I'm gone. I can't give him what he needs right now. He needs you." I was crying again, but this time, so was he. And that made me realize something. Love is something absolutely enormous, something too big for words. And there's room in there for mistakes, for missteps, just like there is room for compassion, forgiveness, and a willingness to make things right. "But he loves you," I said, truthfully. Brody had never greeted me the way he responded to Edward. He was concerned when I left the room, and relieved when I returned. He trusted me. He needed me. But when he heard and saw Edward out in the lobby, Brody's voice was pure joy. "He's got a big heart. I think he loves you, too." "Shit," I muttered, wiping furiously at the tears streaming down my cheeks. I accepted the tissues Edward held out without thinking. "He's got good taste in people." "So he can't stand your brother?" I asked sarcastically. "He tolerates him. We all do," Edward replied with a wry laugh. "So where does that leave us?" "Well, I generally pay twenty five dollars a day for the doggy daycare center. It seems crass to put a price on what you've done for Mace, but I would pay you double that to keep him during the day until he's back on his feet." Fifty bucks a day was a lot of money. That was two solid hours of typing. It was a pretty generous offer. So why was I so offended? "I can't accept that," I said, my voice cracking. "Oh…" Edward said, looking down. His hand was resting on Brody's shoulder, long slender fingers curved lovingly over the reddish fur. Brody stirred in his sleep, the sedative beginning to wear off. "I'll ask Dr. Cheney about their boarding rates. And if they can't keep him here, I'm sure Mace's regular vet will be-" "No! I… I mean, I don't want your money. I just want him to get better." "Wait, you mean you would consent to keeping him during the day? For free? That's too much. I couldn't ask you to-" "I'm not doing it for you," I cut him off, but I wasn't angry this time. Brody's tail was twitching in his sleep, and I caught it gently between my fingertips, stroking the tip with my thumb. It was another game we played. "He's very lucky to have a friend like you," Edward said, smiling down at me. That's when I really looked at him. His hair was almost the same color as Brody's but with darker brown low-lights and strands of gold woven throughout. His eyes were green and kind, and he had a way of looking at you that was both attentive and patient. He was calm and gentle. I was starting to see why Brody liked him. "Thanks," I replied, blushing. When Mace-Brody opened his eyes a few minutes later, he looked from Edward to me as we stood shoulder to shoulder beside him, and he let out a contented, rumbling sigh. And that is how I met my husband. The Beginning