men on horseback quickly making their way out of a small patch of thicket twenty-five yards ahead of where he and his men now ride. Eight are carrying guns either stolen or traded from the Confederate Army and Jasper can't help but think that it would be extremely ironic to be killed by one of them. As he moves to unholster the revolver on his hip, a sharp crack rips through the air from behind him and he watches in satisfaction as the Indian in front, the one most likely responsible for Stephens' death, falls from his horse, a patch of red blooming brightly on his chest. McMann always had been a good shot with a Colt. Jasper's satisfaction at his enemy's death is cut short by a cry of pain to his left, and he glances over just in time to see Jamison hunch over his saddle and clutch a hand to his side. Somehow, the boy manages to fight through the pain and stay on his horse—a small miracle—but Jasper is familiar enough with the pain of a gut-shot to know that Jamison is almost certainly out of the fight. It is now six verses nine, and the odds are not in the Confederate men's favor. "There!" He calls, pointing to a small outcrop of sun-bleached stone in the distance. It's the only thing even resembling cover in the flat prairie landscape. "There! Now!" The men follow the direction of his finger and immediately shift their course towards the collection of rocks, never once deviating from their furious pace. Jasper watches nervously as the Indians seem to recognize his intention to use the outcrop as cover and urge their own horses faster. They are now riding parallel to each other with only twenty to thirty yards separating their two collections of men and horses. It has become a race. He and his men are bombarded with a small hail of bullets in an attempt to slow them down but, fortunately for them, it is extremely difficult to properly aim a gun while riding a galloping horse, or load the percussion cap needed to fire another shot, (6) and none of the Indians' bullets hit their mark. The smell of black powder fills the air as Jasper returns fire with his revolver, taking out one man with a lucky shot to his horse's flank and another when he proves too slow to maneuver himself out of the path of his fallen comrade's flailing body. Six verses seven, Jasper thinks with satisfaction. The rest of the Confederate men's mad scramble for cover is a flurry of gun smokes, dust, and loud, unintelligible shouts of native voices. Later, Jasper will remember it as a series of sensations: the frantic hammering of his heart within his chest; the feel of the smooth, polished wood of his revolver's handle clutched in his sweaty hand; the scratch of the ruff, rain-stiffened leather that makes up his horse's reins as it brushes against his calloused palm; the sudden, almost overwhelming feeling of despair when he realizes that no matter what his actions are in the next few moments, some of his men are going to die as a result, that some of his men have already died. He had loved them as brothers, and now he would be forced to watch as they were slaughtered for nothing more than being in the wrong place, at the wrong time, with the wrong Captain to watch their backs. He would give anything to be back in Texas. References: (1) In 1854, the U.S. agreed to acquire lands in Kansas and Nebraska from several tribes in order to avoid and/or alleviate the reservation-settlement problems. This caused a great deal of tribal migration and made it hard to determine tribal affiliations via location, thus Jasper's reference. (2) And Indian agent; a person appointed by the government to act as an ambassador between a particular tribe and said government. Obviously, a Chickasaw agent would be expected to know how to speak Chickasaw, hence her confusion at Jasper's his lack of language skills. (3) Captain Douglas H. Cooper was the commander of the 1st Choctaw and Chickasaw Mounted Rifles in Indian Territory. (4) A small village in County Cork, Ireland. (5) The song that McMann sings is a humorous take on an actual Civil War era song called "Private Maguire" (my favorite rendition of which is sung by David Kincaid). It is about how enlisted soldiers have a much harder time in the army than officers, making it a particularly cheeky song to sing to Jasper, who as a Captain (and later a Major). (6) When the Burnside's—the carbine used by the "Indians"—trigger is pulled, the hammer strikes a percussion cap (a cylinder of copper or brass filled with a small amount of a shock-sensitive explosive material) and causes it to explode, this causes the black powder within the inserted cartridge to spark and the gun to fire. After each shot, the percussion cap and cartridge needs to be replaced—a hard thing to do while riding a horse considering the cap is smaller than a thimble—therefore making it almost impossible for the "Indians" to fire multiple shots at Jasper's men. Notes on all Chickasaw translations: All translations are derived from the work of the Chickasaw Nation's language office which happens to be headquartered in my home town. I use both Humes' and Munro-Willmond's spellings interchangeably. The other sentences in Chickasaw will not be translated in this chapter. Although I do have them (if you really want to know what they said feel free to message me) I feel that it is better to keep you as confused as Jasper for now. A/N: Like, review, tell me you hate me—just give me some feedback please! I'm kinda sad to kill off McMann; he was a cheeky little Irish shit. Also, for those of you who are interested, the place Jasper and his men get ambushed is close to modern day Thackerville, Oklahoma.