reason for living. I cannot live without him. I'm running away with him. Forever. I tell them I love them. I tell them goodbye. I seal the envelopes, drop them in the mail and set off for my final destination. I no longer worry who sees me walking to the cemetery. By the time they think to investigate, it will all be over. Ducking into the shelter of my favorite tree, I look up and freeze. The mallet in my bag isn't necessary after all. I've been gone for nine days. Just nine days. The monolith is no more. It's been obliterated. Chunks of marble litter the earth. The Gaelic cross lies in two pieces at my feet. I meet his eyes. His black-as-night, bottomless, tortured eyes. He doesn't blink. He is standing, bound to a solid iron post that is as thick around as my thigh. Shackled and chained at his ankles and wrists. His legs and torso wrapped around and around with fist-sized links of welded iron. I approach him slowly and his eyes drop down, widening in surprise. He understands. I have flowers in my hair. My feet are bare. My gown, a vintage dress from the antique shop in Port Angeles, sweeps around my ankles. "Carlisle should have killed me," he hisses, his hungry eyes swallowing me whole. "He should have destroyed me when he had the chance." His voice is satin and sandpaper, dry as the desert wind. The marble shards and dust continue to shiver and fall as his entire body shudders, the chains rasping and grinding together. Transfixed, I step closer, sucked in by the pull, that insistent tug on my soul. I am trembling, too, the heat of my desire rolling off me in near-visible waves. "It's okay. I want this," I say, my eyes wide so he can see the honesty and commitment in my heart. "I want you." I step up on the base, grabbing onto the chains at his waist. I stand toe-to-toe with Edward, my bare feet burning into the cold marble slab. The iron post rises above his head, black and menacing. The chains around his arms and legs creak as he strains against them. I can free him. I can break his bonds. I have that power. He shakes his head, but he is bound so tightly that he can barely move. The marble beneath my feet quakes as he struggles. I find his hands, ice cold and harder than stone. But brittle. Fragile, somehow. I run my fingers down his, touching every sculpted joint. His hands curl into fists, the bones standing up in ridges. His clothes are rags, his flesh sinks in hollows between every bone, but his beauty still consumes me. "Two bodies, one soul," I whisper. I wrap my arms around his neck, my fingers tangling in his copper-silk hair. I stand up on my toes and tilt my head back, back, back until my spine creaks and my jugular pulses angrily against the strain. "No," he protests weakly, "No, please. . . Not you. . ." But decades of imprisonment and starvation have weakened more than his body. I feel it when his resistance crumbles. He groans, his breath sweeping sweet and cold across my skin. His head bends down until his lips rest against my throat. You may now kiss the bride. I don't feel the pain, only the pleasure of finally touching him. The hum becomes a ringing cry, then a roar. A rushing flood of flames pours out of me to fill his brittle flesh, until the chains shatter and his arms are crushing me to him. Arms firm, strong and hot, filled with my blood. Our blood. ~*~ THE END ~*~ . . . . . Or is it? You have questions? Well, I have answers! Yes. No. To get to the other side. Uh, 1.77245... Wait. . . that's not what you wanted to know? Okay, in all seriousness, here we go. . . This one-shot is from Bella's POV. It starts and ends with her thoughts and perceptions. She doesn't tell you what happens before or after because she does not know. And she honestly doesn't care. Her only goal, her only focus, is giving herself completely to Edward. Just like canon Bella, when it comes to her own safety and welfare, she is completely selfless (or thoughtlessly irrational, depending on who you're talking to). Now, if we could flip the coin and see this from Edward's POV. . . Did I call this a one-shot? Well, I lied! Tune in next week for Part I of 'the rest of the story'. Thanks for reading! Check out the other entries on the Red Eyed Edward Contest page. At a minimum, you have to read these ones! "Blood and Water" by JMolly - This story was my favorite in the whole contest, and there were A LOT of great stories to choose from. JMolly paints a stunning picture of the Bengali culture, but also lifts the trap door to show the sinister shadows beneath. This story stuck with me long after I read it. Beautiful imagery, impeccable writing and editing, a real masterpiece! "Mate" by sheviking - Take 15 minutes and read this story right now. Actually, give yourself 30... You'll want to read it twice. Very hot, but also many-layered and dynamic. You'll read it so fast that many of the nuances won't surface in your mind until later. Then you'll probably want to read it a third time, like me. *winks* "Boy With a Broken Halo" by araeo - Who doesn't like a good redemption story? What starts out as a simple hunt turns into far more than Edward bargains for. Bella, thinking she's dreaming, throws all caution to the wind for one crazy adventure. Funny thing... at the end, Edward is the one who wakes up. The pacing, character development and plot arc of this story are perfectly contained in just 15K words.