my eyes closed. Her lips played around on my shoulder and I shuddered under her hands, the nails were clawing my back, tickling me. I felt the tension and panicked. I threw myself off her and bit down in a pillow. Not now! "What's going on?" Ness asked, actually concerned. "I need to… slow down a bit." "Jake it's okay, don't deny the pleasure." Ness said and kissed my exposed earlobe. "But I want you to feel good too." I hated myself for sounding like a stubborn kid. Ness didn't reply right away so I looked up from my hiding place in the pillow. She had a small smile playing on her slightly swollen lips. She looked away and I think I saw her blush in the dark. "Do you really?" She asked and pulled the blanket up to cover her chest, I mourned on the inside. "Of course, I do." What kind of monster did she think I was? "Turn this way", she suggested and I rolled to my side, she stayed on her back. She took my hand and placed it on her stomach. Now what? "Are you sure, it can get kind of sticky?" Sticky? What would be sti-? Oh. Oh! Oh yes! "I don't know how", I had to confess and she smiled kindly and guided my hand down. She didn't stop when she reached the small patch of hair. "Use this finger mostly", she said and put a little pressure on my middle finger. I felt the tip of my finger slip into her warm, wet folds and I got well aware of my rock hard dick. I prayed I wouldn't come while I was working on her. "You feel that?" She whispered and I assumed she meant the clit so I nodded. "Stay there", she told me and moved my finger with her finger. Showing me how I should circle the little button. After a few tries with different motions she let me do it myself. I continued in circles and she closed her eyes and sighed. I hoped that was good because this was almost science. After while I tried her second tip: I let my middle finger slid over her down to the opening. I dipped half of my finger inside her and then went all the way back up to the clit. She moaned and I had to smile. I could do this! I kissed her passionately while I tried not to break the even pace. "Speed up a little", she mumbled and I went in for the third move. I quickened the pace and rubbed her clit. Ness's breath hitched and she cried out before I had time to cover her mouth. I wanted to hear those noises come out of her mouth, especially when I knew I was the reason for them, but we sadly couldn't risk being caught now. I couldn't stop. "Jake", she gasped underneath my palm and grabbed my wrist; she didn't say anything as she pushed me and my hand aside and I knew I had fucked something up. She turned away from me and clutched her stomach. What the hell had I done? Nessie stopped moving around after a few seconds and I dared to touch her. I took her around the waist and gentle rolled her around, her eyes were still closed but what surprised me the most was the smile. She was okay? Ness opened her eyes and threw herself around my neck, pulling me down for a chaste kiss. "I did something right?" I guessed and she stifled a laugh. "Oh yes", she whispered and replayed the orgasm from her point of view in my head. I couldn't stop grinning. "Proud of yourself now, huh?" Ness mocked and I nodded like a little kid. "We'll we aren't finished yet, are we?" At first I didn't remember the rock hard member but with a little nod downwards from Ness reminded me. I placed myself on top of her again. Nessie was getting sleepy and I had a feeling this wouldn't take long, not after witnessing the sexiest thing ever. I wanted to be more careful than I was but the animal inside me controlled my body for the minute. I forgot about Ness for a second and my mind closed, there was nothing but darkness, the heat and the tension building up. I wanted the wave I knew so well after so many years on dates with my right hand. It came like a flood. I groaned loudly and buried myself as far in as I could in Renesmee. My mind was blank, completely blank. My hips slowly came to a stop and I dumped my head in the nape of her neck. I wanted to laugh but that would be weird so I settle with just smiling and trying to catch my breath. I don't know how long it took before I realized that I might be crushing Nessie. She didn't seem to mind because she pulled my head back to her chest and combed her fingers through my hair. I had to ask her, or else I wouldn't be able to sleep even though that really took all my energy. "Be honest with me, are you okay?" "No", she mumbled. She wasn't done though. "I'm more than that, I'm fantastic." I agreed my imprintee was one thing and one thing only: Fantastic in every possible way. That was it for now; I hope you liked it and if you don't please review. I'm here to learn. Stay Awesome! (If you've read my other story "Little miss Vixen" you know that I promised a sequel called "Number Eleven", I am so sorry for not giving it to you but I'm suffering from writer's block on that part. I really want to write the story but apperntly my fingers and mind won't cooperate. I hope to finish it this summer but I can't promise you anything. I am so so so SORRY!)