a few years ago, couldn't we? Would he tell us?" Rosalie asked. "I doubt it. That probably falls under lawyer-client confidentiality or whatever." Kyleigh pulled her knees to her chest, thinking hard. "Carlisle, could you call Maxwell and see if he can find out?" Esme asked. Everyone turned to Carlisle, who didn't say anything right away. Finally he said, "I can call him tomorrow and ask, but that information is usually confidential." "They showed up to our house unannounced that time, remember?" Emmett chimed in. Of course they all remembered that day when they had to hide in the basement while Harold and Margaret screamed at Carlisle. "That's true. I'll see what I can do." Carlisle still didn't sound forthcoming about it. Kyleigh made a note to ask him later. "Do you think I'm crazy?" she asked Jasper later that night. Jasper set aside the book on Marxism he'd been reading. "Not crazy, no, I can understand why you want to know. I'm just worried, and Carlisle is too." Kyleigh sat down by his feet. "Worried why?" "What if you weren't adopted and they really are your birth parents? Or what if you do find your birth mother. Then what?" "I just want to put together the timeline for my disease." Jasper gave her his best 'I don't believe you look.' "Really? Is that all?" Kyleigh crossed her arms, feeling defensive. "What else could I want?" "I don't know, Ky. Maybe answers for what happened ten years ago? Some sort of closure? I don't blame you, I'm just worried you won't find what you're looking for, and you'll only be hurt because of it." "Newsflash, Jas, I'm a big girl. I can handle it." Kyleigh tried to smile reassuringly, though his disbelieving expression didn't change. "It's fine, honestly. You'll see." She patted his knee lightly. "Carlisle wants to talk to you before he goes to the lawyer. Just so you know." Jasper's voice had suddenly gone cool. "Oh, okay." Kyleigh got to her feet, his attitude change noted. "I'll see you in a bit then." He didn't respond, just picked his book back up, shutting her out again. Kyleigh knocked lightly on Carlisle's office door. "Come in," she heard. She found him sitting behind his large wooden desk, surrounded by large books. Kyleigh glanced at them, noting that the majority were law books. "Hi," she said. "You summoned me?" "If telling Jasper I wanted to talk to you at some points counts as summoning, then yes. Have a seat." He smiled at her, putting her at ease. "So what did you want to talk about, oh powerful one?" She curled her legs under her, making herself comfortable. "I think you know what I want to talk about." He slid one of the books out of the way so he could lean his elbows on his desk. "Let me guess-you think that me looking for my mother is a bad idea because I won't find the closure I'm looking for." He smiled briefly at her joke, then his expression became serious again. "It's a valid concern, Kyleigh. Are you absolutely sure you want to go down this road?" "This isn't just some whim, Carlisle. I really want to know, and I know that you want to figure it out too." Kyleigh thought back to the amount of times he'd gone over her spotty medical history. "I do, but this isn't how I want to do it. I don't want you getting hurt anymore, little one. Haven't you been through enough?" Kyleigh smiled at him, though it was a somber smile. "You can't always protect me, Carlisle. At some point you need to let go." "I promised I would be there for you for as long as we both lived, remember? That counts just as much now as it did then." "Did you intend for me to live forever when you said that, though? Because neither of us saw this coming." Kyleigh picked at a stray thread on her pants. "I didn't know at the time that you would become a vampire, no, but I made a promise and I'm going to hold true to that." Kyleigh avoided eye contact as she repeated her sentiment from earlier, "Forever is a long time." She heard her doctor stand up, moving around his desk so he was standing next to her. Still, she didn't look at him, even as he crouched down in front of her. "What are we really talking about, Ky?" She finally met his eye, no longer smiling. "Whatever you want us to talk about." He took one of her hands in his. "Just drop it. Go someplace fun with Jasper. You're always welcome to visit the island, or you can go up to your cabin in the mountains. Just get out of here and clear your head." Kyleigh looked at their entwined hands, at the Cullen crest engraved on his ring, matching her locket. "You know me, once I start something, I can't really be stopped." He laughed softly. "I know that all too well." He squeezed her hand as he stood back up. "As always, follow your heart, Ky. If you think this is really what you need, I won't stand in your way." "Thank you, Carlisle. You've always been too nice to me." She too stood up. "Kyleigh," he said, just before she walked out of his office. "Yeah?" "Have you considered drawing anything? It's been awhile since you've created something, I'm wondering if that might help." "You always suggest that when things get tough." She laughed. "Art isn't always the answer." "But it certainly helps." She turned, looking up at the painting she'd done for him as a Christmas present all those years ago. The never-ending sunrise to sunset cycle meant a lot more to her now. Who knew that eight years later, she would be living in that infinity? "I'll think about it." "That's all I ask," he said, as she closed the door behind her.