the two boys?" Rose asked looking around to see if the boys were here to come up empty handed. "Rose!" We heard Emmett's deep voice call from the stairs, a blinding look of happiness on his face. Rose smiled instantly and he raced down the stairs and I thought he was going to trip and fall over his own two feet. No, that's just me. He hugged Rose and crushed her near his chest. I heard a cranky feminine voice and I looked up to see Alice standing at the top of the stairs, her hair was all over the place and her face was paler than usual with huge bags under her eyes. Her eyelids were barely open and her mouth seemed to be set in a permanent scowl. Talk about a bad morning. "Uh…" "Don't." She raised a hand. "This idiot kept me up all night, literally all goddamn night." She sneered. "I watched the stupid ass sun come up!" "Why?" "Because sleeping fucking beauty fell asleep on him and he couldn't sleep so he came and bothered me." "Alice!" Carlisle and Esme scolded roughly and she muttered a meaningless apology. She was cranky—no, that's not even the word; she's going to be unbearable today. Poor Jasper when comes over, maybe they'll take a nap and she will sober up on her perky mood. "He's still sleeping too! I haven't gotten a damn minute of sleep and he's knocked out still. Oh my fuc—" "Alice Mary Cullen, if you don't stop we'll have some serious issues." Carlisle said sternly and Alice sighed apologizing again, this time it having more meaning. How is he still sleeping? I excused myself with Esme's permission and rushed up the stairs slowly opening the door to his room. There he lied, flat on his belly, the covers a mess around him, tangled on his body, his arms on the side of his face with slight snoring being heard throughout the room. From my position you could only see the back of his head on the ginormous pillow with his bronze hair and his back muscles defined nicely—he's sleeping shirtless, yes! I ogled his form a little bit longer before I ran up to his bed and pounced on him. "Whoa—" He turned roughly so that now I was on the side of him instead of on top and he almost slipped off the side of the bed. His eyes were wild until they settled on me. "Hi baby," I said with a cheesy smile. "Bella," He rasped in his tired voice, which might I add was absolutely sexy and an immediate turn on. "Sorry, I scared you but you need to get up. It's almost eleven thirty in the morning." He groaned and turned his face away from me nuzzling into the pillow again. My mouth dropped as I gaped at his laziness. "Wake up, wake up." I sang with my horrid voice and I had to remind myself I could never audition for American Idol. I heard his muffled laugh but other than that he didn't move. Nothing I did was waking him up. I crossed my arms frustrated before I giggled. I dropped my hand on the top of his bare back where his shoulder blades were—he made no movement—and traced my fingers down the defined lines of his muscles. Ever so lightly that my fingers were barely there, I lowered them just a fraction of an inch and he stilled. His breathing even stopped. I lowered my fingers even lower and leaned down to his ear. "Wake up," I whispered softly and he grumbled but before I knew it I was underneath him and he was on top, pinning me. "You can't tease me like that." He groaned. Success, I can seduce him! He crashed his lips onto mine and I responded immediately, feeling all my insides warm up. I closed my legs as if that would help the desire stop, so I just turned my face. "Stop, your parents are downstairs." He skimmed his nose down my neck onto my collarbone, kissing it three times applying a little more pressure onto my wrists as our breathing became heavier. "Edward." My voice sounded like a half moan half strangle and I felt him chuckle by my collarbone. "I love hearing my name coming out of your mouth, Isabella." I bit my lip. Who knew my full name would sound so good at a time like this. He slightly bit my collar bone without any pressure so he wouldn't leave any marks and sat up with a smirk on his face. I sat next to him trying to regulate my heart thudding against my chest. He sat there so poised with humor on his face while I felt like a hormonal crazed teenager—which I kind of was. That's what years of practice have done, he's perfected these reactions, my mind susurrated and I inwardly grimaced. It was right in a sense, but I didn't want to think of that. The door opened and in walked Ms. Cranky with a cloud of anger around her ready to lash out at anyone if they did something she didn't like. "Get dressed and come downstairs. We have everyone over." Before he could answer, she slammed the door shut making the picture frame next to the door rattle with the force from it. He blinked once and turned to me. "What…" "Emmett kept her up and she hasn't slept. You're on her hit list." He put two and two together, realization flooding his face. "Oh good heavens," he groaned and I laughed at the old fashioned saying. "We're all fucked." Never mind, he's back. He gulped once and I rolled my eyes. A/N: Hello my loves, this is the second part to it just so I didn't have 100 chapters in one story haha, i'll definitely try and post quicker with those stories but let me know what you think so far Review and Subscribe