I did not feel at all like a voyeur. Instead, I was overwhelmed by the unconditional love and trust that these men offered me. Truly, nobody in the history of the world had two brothers like mine. Emmett tried to compare what he felt during intimacy with the pure exhilaration of drinking human blood. It was too invigorating, too tempting, too primal an instinct to deny it. And yet, I thought, we all lived without that pleasure and fulfillment. I didn't think what I felt for Bella would be so easy to control. Jasper was more understanding of the emotional onslaught that came hand in hand with the union of two bodies. His love and adoration for Alice colored every memory with rich rainbow hues. However, for both Jasper and Emmett, their first times were distant, faded human memories— dark and out of focus compared to the brilliance of vampire experiences. Even so, it helped. Knowing helped. Gradually, the rapport we shared slowed. I took a deep breath to steady myself, and then another. "Thank you, both." This time my voice was stronger and the anxiety had faded ever so slightly. I was still afraid, but hopeful that I would be able to control myself and give Bella what she so desperately wanted. Emmett grinned and slapped me on the shoulder. "No problem, just don't tell Rosalie. She doesn't like to think about the 'other girls' even though they were decades ago, before I ever met her." "Oh, believe me. I would never betray your trust. I owe you so much more than that! This one goes with us to the grave. Figuratively speaking, of course. . ." Jasper hugged me quickly, pounding me on the back. "Come on, let's hunt! I heard some campers spotted a mountain lion just north of Quinault earlier this week. Let's help repay our debt to society." " Your debt," Emmett snickered. "You've got decades worth of slaughtering innocents to make up for." Jasper didn't respond to Emmett's barb. It was an obvious attempt to shift attention away from me. He never lifted the soothing pressure of his gift. With a shrug and a fortifying breath of the pine scented air I followed them, settling into an easy, ground devouring lope and casting out my senses, searching for that signature musky scent. Four hours later, we were scaling the icy cliffs of Mt. Olympus. Our thirst sated for now, we playfully challenged one another to climb the rocky heights. The exertion was invigorating and we quickly reached the summit, which was ice-capped, even in August. Facing the east we watched as fingers of light crept up to reclaim the night sky. Streaks of amber and pink spread out, heralding the dawn. As the golden orb crested the horizon, we were bathed in its pure brilliance. I tipped my head back, reveling in the warmth of the breaking dawn. I stretched my arms high. My bare skin refracted the light, casting brilliant rainbows across the snowy expanse. All worry was washed away and my being sang with joy and anticipation. Today I would be joined, mind, body and soul, with the most perfect of creatures. Laughter erupted from my chest and I embraced my brothers, ignoring their bemused expressions. Without hesitation I threw myself down the mountainside, eager to meet my bride. A sound like thunder swelled behind me as Emmett barreled down the mountainside after me. Cracking and rumbling grew beneath my feet. I heard a string of expletives in Jasper's mind, but Emmett let out a whoop of excitement as tons of snow and ice collapsed under the pressure of our unexpected descent. I rolled my eyes at his childish exuberance and flung myself forward, lightly gliding over the shifting surface. I left the sea of ice chunks and snowy boulders behind easily, disappearing into the relative shelter of the trees. Jasper joined me seconds later and we turned to watch Emmett bouncing and cart-wheeling down the slope, shouting and hollering with delight. I couldn't help laughing as his 'ride' came to a shuddering end and he leaped gracefully across the fractured remains of the avalanche with a grin on his face. "Sorry, Edward. I guess I underestimated you. I thought I'd be bored out of my mind tonight 'cuz you're such a prude, but that was fun ! I'll have to bring Rose up here one day and try that again." I couldn't imagine Rose putting up with his antics, let alone joining in. It would destroy her hair, for one thing. . . I caught myself rolling my eyes again and traded glances with Jasper. He just shook his head and shrugged. We only descended another 200 feet before we were enveloped by a thick layer of clouds. Alice had foreseen that today would be free of rain and even pleasantly warm for the ceremony, but this part of the peninsula was smothered by a thick layer of clouds. The tiny droplets clung to my clothes and condensed on my cold skin. I glanced at my brothers who also had beads of moisture glistening in their hair and soaking their clothes. Between the horseplay, hunting, mountain climbing, avalanche surfing and heavy clouds, we were going to be a mess when we finally made it home. We returned to the Jeep at an easy pace, occasionally talking, but mostly traveling in silence. I was lost in thought and my brothers seemed to understand and respect my need for some time alone in my own mind. I frequently checked the position of the sun in the sky. It was only about 8:17am, and the wedding wasn't scheduled until late afternoon. I knew Alice wouldn't hear of me seeing or even talking to Bella until she walked down the aisle. What was I going to do in the intervening hours? The minutes stretched out before me like the endless waves of the ocean. I swallowed hard, frustrated and anxious for the time to pass.