the room. Kyleigh leaned back against the pillows. The hospital was a boring place once you got stabilized. Under the supervision of Carlisle and Trudy, Kyleigh had managed to progress from a strict diet of Jello and broth to solid foods, though she really did hate the hospital meals. Every now and then, Trudy would sneak her some snacks from her lunch, which Kyleigh greatly appreciated. Without Trudy to play with, Kyleigh was already bored. Carlisle had apparently pulled strings with the hospital so she could have a private room, but that meant hours of isolation as well. For a while she had terrorized some of the meaner nurses by removing the wires hooking her up to all the beeping machines so that they would run in, convinced she was dying. However, Carlisle had put a stop to it, saying that though it was surely very entertaining, it was also dangerous. To keep her out of trouble, Carlisle brought her a Kindle and an Amazon gift card so she could download books. He also brought her a sketchpad with colored pencils, a Sudoku book, and a master book of crossword puzzles. She had at first refused the gifts, but eventually realized they weren't so much gifts as they were gateways to sanity. "What are you reading today, Ky?" Carlisle asked that evening. He always made a point to visit at least twice a day, ostensibly to monitor her medication, but also to make sure she wasn't wreaking havoc on anyone. " Dracula, " she responded. "It's a lot better than I thought it would be." For some reason, this made Carlisle laugh, but he wouldn't tell her why, instead saying that she should check out some happier books so she wouldn't have weird dreams. "No thanks. I like a little horror in my life. It keeps me on my toes, and it distracts me from my own personal tragedies." She set aside the Kindle so she could grab her sketchbook. "I drew you something, by the way." After flipping through several pages, she found the drawing she was looking for. She looked a little shy as she handed the page to him. Carlisle examined it closely, a smile growing on his face. She had combined the spiraling sun and the rod of Asclepius into one symbol, so that the rod was in the center of the sun, but the snake made up the spirals around it. "This is wonderful, Kyleigh. Where did you learn about these?" Kyleigh gestured towards her e-reader. "Just did some research. I thought you might want to have some sort of reminder of the things you do to help…though feel free to throw it away if you think it's weird or whatever." "It's not hokey at all. It's one of the most beautiful gifts a patient has ever given me. I thank you." He slid the paper onto his clipboard and told her he would hang it up in his office as soon as he could. "How are you feeling?" "Other than intense boredom, I feel pretty good. Better than I have in a long time." "That's great! I'm going to keep you here for a little while longer, until we can come up with some sort of treatment plan, and then you're free to go." The smile on her face slowly faded. "Go where though?" The smile on his face also dimmed. "That's what I've been working on. Give me a little more time and I'll work something out. I won't let you be homeless, Kyleigh. We've worked too hard for that. Rest up, little one. Trudy will be back later." He turned to leave the room. "Thank you again for the drawing. It's perfect." "No problem, Doc," she responded. Once he was gone, she picked up the notepad, though she wasn't sure what to draw next. Kyleigh woke up to the sound of arguing, and for a moment, thought she was still at home with her parents. However once she opened her eyes, she realized she was still in Portland in the hospital. "It's unethical for you to pay for your patient's hospital stay, Dr. Cullen," came a man's voice, sounding angry. "She's underage and her parents abandoned her, what else was I supposed to do?" came Carlisle's voice, sounding much calmer than the other man's. "Does this look like an orphanage to you? You should've called social services weeks ago!" "She needed seriously medical attention. She has a serious disease that needed aggressive treatment. Now that she's stabilized, all she needs is regular medication and checkups and she'll be fine." "Carlisle." Kyleigh could tell the man was trying his best to be calm. "We cannot just give away treatments or medication. Yes, this is a hospital, but we can't afford that." "So you would rather allow an innocent fourteen year old girl die than give her proper treatment?" The man sputtered, stalling for time. Kyleigh was wide awake now and straining to hear the rest of the conversation. "Furthermore," Carlisle continued, "I am paying for her stay and her treatments out of my own pocket. I don't believe you can charge me for that." "The money coming from your pocket comes from your paycheck which comes from this hospital." Kyleigh imagined this man looking something like Phil from Hercules. The visual of Carlisle arguing with a goat man made her giggle, so she clapped a hand over her mouth. "So what you're saying is it would be better for me to use said paycheck to buy ten fancy cars rather than save someone's life? Forgive me, but I don't believe this conversation is worth pursuing, and I have other patients to see. If you can come up with a better argument, feel free to call me. Good day." This gave Kyleigh concrete proof: Carlisle Cullen was a badass, and she was so glad he was on her side. Thank you so much for reading! Please review and tell me if you want more