your bag." Bella murmured, holding up the said item for her to see. "I thought you knew that Charlie told the teachers what he knew. Sorry." Ember stared at her for a moment before taking her bag and fiddling with the strap. "How much do they know?" "As much as Charlie and I do which isn't a lot." She replied, her chocolate eyes full of concern. "Why don't you just tell us what happened? Did Mark and your stepmom separate or something?" Ember looked up at that, relief filtering through the numbness. She didn't know. Not really. Her secret was still safe. As the relief came, the numbness went and she started to feel the cold. It didn't take long for her to start shivering. "Come on, I think you'll like our next class." Bella said, standing with a smile and holding a hand out. "It's gym." "Right." Ember murmured, accepting Bella's offer of help but still having to steady herself using the roof of the truck as Bella lost her balance and nearly pitched over the side. "Careful or we'll be going to the hospital instead of the gym." "Ha ha." Bella said with a roll of her eyes as she carefully hopped out of the truck bed, followed by Ember. "It's your fault for making me follow you out here." Ember nodded and forced a smile before hoisting her bag onto her shoulder and heading for the gym, throwing one last glance at Edward. He was no longer looking at her. Once inside the gym, Ember realized just how cold she'd been and instantly started rubbing her arms in the hopes of warming up. Coach Clapp found both her and Bella uniforms, but told them that they didn't have to dress down. For a little while, Ember watched the volleyball games - Bella looked sick just watching them - but eventually she got bored with that and went into a corner of the gym to entertain herself. Dancing was what she decided on to complete the job. She started out slow, refreshing herself as she let the world fade away. She didn't feel the pain of her injuries and there was only mild stiffness that quickly disappeared. It was the one time she felt like she could truly be herself and it quickly got her mind off of anything but the way her body moved to perform the dance. She vaguely noticed music being turned on and immediately set herself to dancing in beat with the music, but for the most part she just let herself relax. The music seemed to go on forever and yet in no time at all the song ended and she looked up to see Bella watching her with a small smile on her face, phone in hand. The bell rang a moment later and Ember quickly scooped up her bag and headed to the office, leaving Bella to talk to her new friends. The rain was gone, but the wind had picked up and increased in it's iciness. Was that even a word? She wondered absently as she entered the warm office. She very nearly turned and walked right back out, but something compelled her to go and lean against the back wall while waiting for the receptionist to be free. Edward was standing in front of her, arguing with Ms. Cope in a low, attractive voice. There was no mistaking his tousled bronze hair and for the moment he didn't seem to notice her entrance so she allowed herself to just be silent and listen. The gist of the argument was easy to catch onto and though she understood his reasoning, it hurt that she was causing so many problems. He was trying to transfer out of sixth hour Biology and from the sounds of it, he didn't care what period he took as long as it wasn't sixth. The door opened again and she felt the cold wind swirl her hair around her face. She stiffened almost in sync with Edward as the girl who came in stepped forward, placed a paper in the basket, and then walked out. After a tense moment, he slowly turned, his face absurdly handsome as he glared at her with piercing, hate-filled eyes. She felt her heart skip a beat, but struggled to stay calm as he turned away. "Never mind, then," His voice was like velvet. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And he turned on his heel and disappeared out the door. Why had she stayed? She should've just left, but instead she apparently thought that Edward should be tortured some. She was so cruel and stupid! "How did your first day go, dear?" The receptionist asked as Ember walked over and handed the signed slip to her. "Fine." She lied, before hurrying back out into the downpour and over to Bella's truck. She got there just in time to see Edward peeling out of the parking lot in his Volvo. He was going to Alaska, she recalled, guilt filling her when she thought of him being away from his family because of her. Even if it was just a week. Or would that be different too? What if he never came back? Why did she mess everything up? She'd managed to kill her mother in childbirth, something was always amiss no matter how hard she tried to appease Mark as she grew up, and she couldn't even leave a classroom properly. Edward hated her and rightfully so. She was a waste of space, time, and energy. It was a wonder Charlie was even letting her stay with him. She shook these thoughts from her head and climbed into the truck's cab, waiting for Bella to arrive. She did soon and they were soon heading for Charlie's, Ember fighting tears the whole way. As soon as they got back, Ember sprinted up to Bella's room and curled up on the bed, letting the tears fall.