her biceps to the crook of her elbow and then around and up along her triceps. The sensitive skin quivered and she let out a breathy gasp. "As good as new, thanks to a very talented doctor I know. I've even been doing all of my physical therapy. But I'm sure my hands could use some more work if you have any grasping exercises you would like me to try." "I would suggest allowing your fingers another few days before trying any grabbing, lifting, pulling or squeezing motions. But I do recommend meditation and relaxation exercises." "What should I do to help me relax?" Bella turned around to face him, quirking her lip seductively. "Well, for one thing, those shoes can't be very comfortable. Let me help you take them off." He knelt down in front of her, lifted her left foot and rested it on his thigh. He brought his hands to her right calf, wrapping his long fingers around her and stroking the tender skin behind her knee with his fingertips. Bella squirmed at the sensation and had to grab his shoulder for balance. His hands crept ever so slowly down her calf. With one hand around her ankle and the other at her heel, he removed her shoe and set her bare foot down next to his knee. He repeated the motion with her left foot, swirling his fingertips across her arch before setting her foot down on the other side. "I also recommend gentle massage." She looked down at him, kneeling between her feet. He ran his hands from her Achilles to her hamstrings, tracing the curves of muscles and the taut tendons. She shook with anticipation as his hands swept beneath her slip and stopped just beneath her butt. Doctor Cullen's thumbs rested below her hip joint and his fingers put a gentle, spreading pressure on her inner thighs. One inch higher and he would be touching her sex. One inch higher and he would know she was bare beneath her slip. But he didn't raise his hands higher. Instead, he pulled more forcefully until she spread her feet a few inches further apart. "And after your massage, you should have an earth shattering orgasm. Mmm. I can taste you in the air, Isabella." His voice dropped lower as he spoke. He brushed his lips across her thighs, back and forth, the red satin catching against his whiskers and pulling sideways with each pass of his lips. He exhaled roughly and she felt a rush of heated air slip between her parted thighs. Her stomach clenched in response. "You're the doctor. I trust your judgment. But who can fill my prescription?" "Only I can. Put your hands on my shoulders," he instructed. She rested her palms on his shoulders feeling the pull of muscle against bone as he increased the outward pressure on her thighs. She slipped her feet sideways on the carpet and bent her knees slightly. He caught the fabric of her slip with his lips and rose up part way on his knees, lifting her skirt in the process. He raised it higher with his thumbs, bunching it at her hips until she felt his breath against her bare flesh. She felt rather than heard him groan when he saw her. "Beautiful. . ." he whispered, kissing her softly. He continued to kiss her, brushing his lips against hers, occasionally tasting her with his tongue. Bella clutched at his shoulders, impulsively pulling him closer, demanding that he help her release the pressure that was building deep within her stomach. "Patience, Isabella." "Please. . ." "Please what?" He chuckled, his hot breath caressing her lust slickened skin. "I want to come." "Don't worry. I'll make you come. I have all the treats you need to be satisfied." Without warning, he grabbed her with one arm behind her thighs and the other across her back. He bent over until she lay on the carpet beneath him, her slip bunched up around her waist, her arms over her head and her feet wide apart. He crawled backwards, nudged her thighs further apart with his elbows, and lowered his mouth to kiss her again. He explored her body with his lips first, and then his tongue, stroking, kissing, then sucking and nibbling. Within minutes, Bella was writhing beneath him. He persisted in his attention, making her shake and cry out. She felt a pressure building steadily in her throat. It mirrored the swelling heat that grew within her womb, expanding until tendrils of fire crawled across her limbs and lapped at the base of her skull. He let out a ferocious growl that sent shock waves of lust though her core. He grabbed her thighs, spread her knees even further, and attacked her with his mouth. Her senses imploded. She sprang free from gravity, unbound and uninhibited as she shrieked out her mind-bending ecstasy. "Edward!" Her body could not contain the sensation. As her orgasm swept through, her back arched and every muscle in her body contracted in simultaneous, wrenching waves of pleasure. He licked her in time to her convulsions, feeling her clench, moist and swollen against his lips. The waves gradually receded, taking her with them, leaving behind a limp, gasping shell. Bella tasted blood. She had punctured her lip with one of her false teeth. She licked the wound, tasting copper on her tongue and a sultry sweetness in the air. Doctor Cullen was kneeling between her thighs, his fingers drawing languid patterns against her skin. He was examining her expression. She blushed beneath his gaze and he grinned. "Now you look relaxed. If you come back after dinner on Tuesday, Ms. Swan, I'll help you come up with some exercises for your hand." She eyed the rigid shape within his jeans and licked her lips again. When she returned, she planned to exercise more than just her hands. Reviews are better than lemon drops. And I love lemon drops. A lot. Thanks!