she said, wrinkling her nose. "I like Vanilla better." "Oh, Bella. You know I am not really vanilla. Not in the slightest." "Then we'll use it ironically. Now come inside before you freeze your balls off. I know how important they are to you." "Awww, Cupcake Girl. I thought you'd never ask." And a little encore, just as a thank you to everyone who read, reviewed and voted! *FOUR HOURS LATER* Vanilla rubbed his eyes and rolled onto his back. "Cupcake?" he asked groggily, patting the warm, rumpled sheets but coming up empty. "Did you call?" He looked to the open bedroom door and his mouth fell open. "What are you. . . wow. Please tell me that's for me." "Baby, it's all yours." He scooted back in the bed until he was sitting with his back against the white-washed headboard. The black sheets covered his lap, obscuring most of his tattoo, but Bella could see it began with a cursive 'G'. She set the plate on his lap and knelt between his feet, resting her hands on his knees. "What's it called?" he asked, lifting the plate to examine the confection from all sides. "Vee three. Only the 'V' is sideways on the November poster. It was supposed to be a message to you, just in case you walked by some day," she said shyly. "Help me out here, babe. You're speaking in riddles." He peeled back the white paper and took a bite, closing his eyes as he savored it. "Wow. Mmmm. That's delicious. You're a fucking master. You know that, right?" "Maybe. I was inspired." "By what? Tell me. I'm clueless." "Tell me about your tattoo, first," Bella countered, sitting back on her heels. "Uh, it was stupid. I was in a frat sophomore year. Some idiot got it into his head that everyone needed to get tattoos. Of course, half those douche bags got barbed wire around their biceps or some other cliched ink. I wanted to do something different. I mean, I'd had this idea for a while. Young guys and their egos, y'know?" "Vanilla. You're stalling." "Fuck. Here. Just read it." He flipped the sheet back, and Bella felt her eyes automatically shift further south. "There's nothing written on my cock." She giggled and tilted her head to read. "Guaranteed?" "Uh. . . yeah. Like I said. I was a cocky prick." "Explain." "You know. Guaranteed. . . to please. I thought I was God's gift or something. When my friend saw it, the girl I hooked up with most of the time, she couldn't stop laughing. I finally convinced her to tell me what the fuck was so funny. She said that it was only striking gold like thirty percent of the time. She hadn't said anything before because she didn't want to hurt my feelings. I was humiliated." "Ouch," Bella said, trying not to laugh. "For what it's worth, the guarantee seems to be working for me. So far." "Yeah? That's good. Cuz if you were faking it that last time I would have to give up and go home. That was some damn fine acting." "Not faking it," she laughed, shaking her head. "Thank God. Actually, it was good to hear the truth. It made me try harder. Really pay attention. I mean, if I had this lie tattooed on my stomach for the rest of my life, I would feel like a Grade A moron." "I guess I should find your frat brother and thank him. I'm reaping the benefits of a pretty absurd chain of events." He rolled his eyes and took another bite. "Okay. I told you mine. Your turn." "Um. . . Well, it's called Vee Three. Vanilla times three. I used vanilla beans in the batter, vanilla custard in the center and vanilla-bourbon frosting on top." "You said it was a message. . ." he said, setting the plate to the side and licking frosting off his thumb. Bella's eyes slipped down to his mouth, licking her own lips in reaction. "Uh, yeah. If you're texting and you type the less-than symbol before the number three. . ." "Yeah?" "Well, what does it make?" He squinted his eyes, trying to visualize it, before realization dawned. A wide grin split his lips. "Ah. Are you being cute?" "Maybe," she replied, blushing. "Well, Cupcake Girl, I less than three you, too." "Fucker," she laughed, slapping his thigh. "That, too. Get over here so I can thank you properly. I've got a guarantee to uphold." ~ THE END. . . FOR REAL THIS TIME ~ A/N: Readers of "Mosaic of a Broken Heart" will notice that I shamelessly stole a major plot device from my WIP, with a bit of SM-style gender swappage thrown in for shits and giggles. It was kind of nice to sprint from build up to conflict to resolution so quickly. The characters and storyline for Mosaic are just a tad more complicated. Makes for much slower, more careful writing and editing. *sigh* At least all you Mosaic readers know there WILL be an HEA eventually. :) If you haven't already, you should definitely check out the other contest entries. Some were creepy, some were hot, some were just perfect for the season. My top picks included: " Lost Souls " a collaboration between beachcomberlc and Content1 Here's a romance that spans many years, from innocent first love, to the heartbreak of betrayal, then ultimately redemption and the best sort of HEA. " Will O' The Wisp " by Hoodfabulous This story fed my appetite for the mystical, ethereal, other-worldy charm of Halloween. Open your mind and let your imagination go where it will. . . " Trickery "by BellaC874 Chills. Heavy on the creep-factor. I dare you to read it tonight, then turn out all the lights and go downstairs. Alone. Without a flashlight. heeheeheehee **There will be a complete list of stories, authors and awards posted on the Tricks AND Treats Contest page.**