if he didn't move. And the sound of his breathing and the amount of morphine in his body indicated that he wouldn't wake up until the morning. "Jake!" Renesmee gasped and hurried up to his side. She kneeled in by his right side and took a hand that looked healthy enough to hold. "Why is there so much blood?" She asked Carlisle while planting small kisses on Jacob's palm. "My theory is that the venom was keeping him from healing, it's the only thing that makes sense to me." Carlisle explained and stroked her hair before leaving the room, letting Billy Black know he would come back in a while with more morphine. Quil and Seth watched the vampire hybrid by their alpha's bed. They decided to leave them alone. They were sure he would get better now. Plus they had a lot to talk about when Jake woke up. Charlie talked to Carlisle when he came out. "Need to know, Charlie", was all Carlisle said and placed a hand on Charlie's shoulder. "Need to know." Charlie agreed and decided to just go home and try to forget about this night. Even though Billy wanted to see his son he was sure that Jacob would be much happier with only Nessie in the room. He just glanced into the room quickly and smiled when he saw Renesmee, making patterns on his son's hand. Renesmee projected nice pictures of the two of them to Jacob the entire night, hoping it would help him sleep better. Carlisle came back after a few hours and injected more morphine before leaving again. "I'll be back in a few hours", he assured his granddaughter. She nodded but didn't look at Carlisle. She had been watching Jacob's face the whole time; she had cleaned him up as well. His face and body was now blood free. It was only the sheets left, but she didn't dare to move him until he was completely healed. Morning came around and even thought Renesmee was exhausted she couldn't fall asleep. She slumbered in a few minutes from time to time but would always wake up with a jolt, only to find Jacob still sound asleep. The bite on his neck was a red scar when the sun rose behind the clouds. The rest of the wounds had healed hours ago. It was around lunch Jacob began to stir. Renesmee sat up straight with hope and excitement and relief flooding into her every pore. "Jake?" She tried. No answer. She brushed his cheek with her finger tips to get some kind of reaction. He stirred a little more and Renesmee hoped his bones had healed enough to not move. "Jake, please wake up." She tried again and this time his eyelids moved. Open your eyes, she projected and Jacob's lips moved. A light sigh escaped his soft lips and Renesmee squeezed his hand. "Ness?" It was almost impossible to hear him but she nodded quickly and laughed, she was so relieved. "I'm right here, Jake. Open your eyes." This time Jacob did what she asked him. A smile spread Jake's lips when he opened his eyes and found the eyes he loved more than anything right in front of him. "Hey", Renesmee said and wiped a tear away. "Why was she crying, he thought, before he felt how bruised he was. "Shit." He said slowly and clenched his teeth together when the pain in his leg, arm and ribs hit him. Well, at least his shoulder arm and neck wasn't in hell anymore. Jacob didn't really enjoy the excruciating pain the venom had caused him and was kind of glad when Edward had sucked it out of his shoulder. "Carlisle will be here with more morphine soon." Renesmee assured and really hoped she was right. It was terrible seeing him like this. "Just don't move." "I'm trying not to", he assured her and manage to smile again. Renesmee observed him for a while before she reached up and kissed him softly on his lips. Her face lingered in front of his for a short while and it wasn't until Renesmee pulled back again that Jacob had quiet understood what had happened. Jacob had no idea that she felt that way about him and Renesmee could tell by his slow reaction. "What was that for?" Jacob asked stupidly and watched the beauty next to his bloody bed shrug. "Well, one of us had to make the first move, and as Seth so politely put it, you are way too much of a pussy to do it yourself, so I figured I would do it instead." "Seth called me a pussy?" "Yes." "That little fucker", Jacob muttered under his breath completely forgetting about the kiss for a second. Renesmee smiled and took Jake's hand in hers. She let out a slow sigh and was glad her Jacob was back. "Do you want something to eat, or drink?" Renesmee asked suddenly and when Jacob heard the word eat his stomach grumbled. Jacob smiled apologetic. "I'll get you something", Renesmee promised and got up from the floor. He watched as she moved and was still so surprised that this magical, beautiful, sexy and absolutely perfect creature was meant for him. "Ness?" He called after her when she reached the door. Renesmee turned her head and waited for him to continue. "What will happen after I heal, I mean, with us?" Jacob still had a feeling Renesmee only kissed him because she had found out he loved her and now she was feeling bad for him. I mean you couldn't deny a guy who almost died a kiss. A wicked sexy grin spread across her face. "When you get better, Jacob, are we going to have some fun. " So what did you think? If you have time, please review. If you want to read another, and longer, story about Renesmee and Jacob you can check out my other story 'Little Miss Vixen'. Stay awesome!