"What's your name?" "Isabella, but don't call me that, people only use that when they're mad at me." I waved my hand in dismissal and she giggled. "Bella is what I'm known by." "Okay, then Bella it is!" She agreed with a snap of her fingers. "You have very pretty eyes Bella." Her eyes searched my own and she seemed fascinated. People have told me they like my eyes and I always felt a warm flattering feeling afterwards. "Actually, you are very pretty overall. Everything about you contrasts." "Contrasts?" "Yeah. Your hair is almost a black color which makes your green eyes stand out vibrantly against your milk-like complexion." She spoke with such ease that it made me laugh, causing some people to look back at us. "You sound like a passionate photographer with his muse." I spoke through my laughter and she grinned. "Well photography is my passion. But seriously, you're awfully pretty." "Thank you." I smiled back at her. "But you're pretty direct aren't you?" "I like to be very straightforward. If a girl is pretty I like to say it—I think it makes a girl feel happy to hear those words even for a few seconds." I blinked at her serious tone before she changed the topic. Not long, the professor called on her. "Who are you working with?" "Bella." "Bella?" He questioned, looking over his roster. I narrowed my eyes but said nothing. It's not that hard to figure out considering I'm the only Isabella in this class. "Isabella." Alice corrected, jutting her finger in my direction. His eyes slowly slid to where she pointed and he quickly nodded, scribbling something down. "He looks like your average pain in the ass." "I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed." I muttered under my breath and she giggled into her hand and it seemed the professor heard it because his eyes snapped to us. "Something funny, ladies?" He rose an eyebrow with a sarcastic look and I gave him a cheeky smile with a small shrug. "Not at all, professor." He brushed me off and returned to his messenger where he pulled out a notepad. He ripped out a piece of paper and set it down on a desk of the student right in front of him. "Before you leave, provide your phone numbers and email addresses. If I need to contact you by any means, I'd like to do it more than just through the school email information." He rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and I could see his arms were well toned. Oh they look so nice. "I know that at least half of you don't open that crap up." He turned and walked behind the desk in the front of the room. "Now let's begin." After more than an hour and several hand cramps, this asshole of a professor finally stopped his lecturing. The whole time he spoke in a smooth, fluid, tone and gazed over us, barely glancing at his notes. This guy had to have a fucking photographic memory. Meanwhile, I was writing so fast to keep pace with him that I had paper burn, if that shit even existed! Sometime while I was writing, Alice passed me the paper for our information but I had no time to fill it out. "Do you want me to wait for you?" Alice asked, putting the strap over her shoulder. I glanced up at her after stuffing my notebook away and shook my head. "No, it's okay. Go ahead." I replied. "I still have to fill this out and hand it to Professor Pain-in-the-Ass." She smiled and nodded. "Okay. I'll see you next class!" She power-walked out of the classroom as the students quickly filed out, leaving me and this Masen-ass by ourselves. I quickly scribbled my name, number and email on the sheet so I could hand it to him and leave. He waited patiently with an expressionless face, while I quickly did a one over on him. "Quite some time there, Ms. Isabella." He uttered and I gave him a look. "I had to uncramp my hand, professor, and then I had to fill this out." I gestured to the paper in my hand. "Just following instructions." When I went to hand it over, his fingers bumped against the sheet and slipped from my hand. "Sorry!" I exclaimed, reaching out to grab it at the same time he did. Our hands hit one another, with a loud skin-slapping sound and his eyes zeroed in on our hands touching one another. A frown marred his skin and he suddenly looked troubled. In a second, he snatched his hand from mine, along with the paper and cleared his throat. "Right. Thank you, Ms. Dwyer. See you next class." His voice was thin like ice and he whipped around back to his messenger bag, leaving me dumbfounded. I stared at his back with my mouth agape and blinked a few times to bring myself back to reality. What just happened? Without saying a word, I walked out of the classroom with long strides and kept my gaze on the ground. What's wrong with him? He was fine and then he gave me a nasty attitude. Could it be because I dropped the sheet with the contact information? The moment our hands touched he looked as if though someone told him his goldfish died. His hand… As I stepped out of John Jays' doors, I gazed on my hand, flexing my fingers. His skin was warm, it felt nice… "What the hell am I thinking?" I grumbled at myself immediately snapping my hand back to my side where it belongs. I don't need to be thinking anything, least of all over my jerk of a professor who looked disgusted because I dropped his stuff and he nearly held hands with me. I rolled my eyes and took out my metro to head to the nearest train. "I need a wine or a Scotch."