a reef, a mountain of water on the brink of surrendering to gravity. With her head back, eyes closed and heart wide open, she shivered in awe. The wave hovered there for a protracted heartbeat, a glassy edifice of barely restrained energy. Then it burst over her, swallowed her whole, dragged her under until she was breathing it in, drinking it down. She lay pinned beneath its weight as it found every part of her being and bathed it in the liquid fire. When she was filled to bursting, paralyzed by ecstasy, it exploded from her toes and fingertips, shooting white hot and iridescent along every inch of her skin. "Fuck," Edward hissed, his body vibrating with an intensity she had never felt before. Bella realized with a jolt that she needed to breathe and inhaled sharply, her eyes still squeezed shut. "I…" Edward started, his face still pressed against her neck. "You…" Bella said, then halted, realizing that she didn't even know what to say. "We need to…" Edward tried again, obviously as tongue-tied and overwhelmed as she felt. And they both dissolved into laughter, relieved and exhilarated, and a little embarrassed. "I need a shower," Edward confessed, his cheeks bright pink as he carefully lowered her feet to the ground. He tried to smooth her hair, picking chunks of debris from the loose strands. "I already needed a shower," Bella said sheepishly. "No," he said, chuckling. "I need a shower or else hiking back to the car is going to be really uncomfortable." He adjusted himself self-consciously, and Bella's eyes were automatically drawn to the bulge in his jeans. "Well, there's a bathing pool up that way." She pointed off to the left. "Come with me?" Edward asked, his hand finding hers. "I just did," Bella teased, looking up at him from beneath lowered lashes. "Hmmm. So you did. Care for an encore?" "Yes, but if I don't get down this mountain before dark, my father is going to come looking for me. I don't think either of us wants to get caught skinny dipping by the Forks Chief of Police, even if we are miles outside of his jurisdiction." "You're right. Time is of the essence. Let's get naked ASAP," he commanded, shouldering his pack and pulling her along after him. Bella swatted his shoulder in mock outrage. "Who do you take me for?" "That's easy. You're my Aphrodite." "And you've got a silver tongue." "You can get to know my tongue better later," he said with a heated look over his shoulder. Bella felt his words ripple through her stomach. She didn't have a response. They reached the pool within minutes. Bella dug through her pack for soap and the rag she used as a washcloth. At first she was self-conscious about taking off her clothes in front of him; she hadn't shaved since before she started her trek, and her left thigh and elbow were scraped and bruised from a fall earlier in the week. But none of those things seemed to register with Edward. His eyes were dark and intense, and he removed his own clothes blindly, never looking away from her face. Walking backwards so they remained face to face, he took her hand and led her to the shallow steps at the edge of the pool. Bella giggled as his expression went from one of heated lust to shock and he let out a yelp when his foot hit the first step. He lost his balance and fell in with a massive splash. The frigid water put a stop to anything more amorous than a quick rinse. Bella was used to roughing it, so she fared better than Edward, who was flailing around in the waist-deep water, the skin across his chest and arms covered in goose pimples. Bella rubbed her skin dry with a chamois and got dressed. Edward clambered out of the pool a minute later, his hands cupped protectively over his more delicate parts. Bella clutched her stomach and laughed as she watched Edward stumble back into his clothes, his teeth chattering madly. "Where did the sun go?" he griped. "I thought it was supposed to be warm today!" "Actually, it's after 3 o'clock. It's gonna get real cold in about two hours. We'd better hurry. I owe my dad a call as soon as I get back in cell range." "You still plan on walking all the way up to Forks? Now will you accept that ride?" Bella deliberated for two seconds before nodding. "Yes. I would like that." "Like it?" Edward stopped her, his hands resting on her waist. Bella met his gaze with a reassuring smile. "I would love it." "That's better. I'm not letting you out of my sight until we've planned that encore." He hefted his pack and started walking back the way they came. "Is this your way of asking me out?" Bella asked, poking his calf with a stick that she grabbed from beside the path. "Ow! Yes." "Good. And in answer to your question that was not a question, I would love to go out with you. No long distance. The only obstacle between my place and yours is a teeny, tiny canal," Bella said, referring to the narrow body of water that separate the U-District from the rest of Seattle… and the Seattle Pacific University campus. "Good thing somebody built a bridge," he replied with a sly wink, then took her hand and stepped onto the small red-painted bridge. "Six, in fact," Bella said. "No, seven." "Seven?" "Sure, there's the old train trestle out by Ballard." "That doesn't count. Well, fine. If you count that, you have to count the locks. You can walk across them, too," Bella argued. They walked down the trail, leaving the lovers' garden behind them, their fading voices still arguing about all the many ways they could find to be together. In the slowly dimming light, floating just outside of time, Aphrodite smiled. **The End**