worried the entire time you were gone about what was going to happen." At least Bella could find humor in this. She laughed; a melodious tone so full of joy that Renesmee found it hard to believe they were talking about the darkest time in her mother and father's marriage. "To be honest your father and I didn't know what was going to happen either. We focused almost entirely on getting to know one another again, and that included in the bedroom. It was… An unpleasant experience. Still, I pushed on for your father because I still loved him and wanted to try. I still do love him. We came back after the end of our two year marriage counseling, as we had come to call it, and things were no better. In the end we decided it was best for everyone involved to go our separate ways." That was all that she was going to give on that subject. Any more and Bella feared she would say too much without getting enough information on the situation back home. Instead of elaborating on any more, she waited quietly while they walked to give Renesmee time to process all that she had been told. It took them two full trips around the island before her daughter uttered a word. "Okay. Let me get all of this straight. You like women." Simple answers would help make this part quick. "Yes." "And you told Dad and everyone else to lie to me for 9 years." A wince. "Yes." "Are you the reason Dad doesn't visit Jake and I so often? Because you're there so much? Are you the reason my children don't see enough of their grandpa?" Cringe. "Yes." Silence reined supreme again for a short time. Then… THWACK! Bella yelped in surprise and rubbed her now sore arm. "Ow! Jeez, give me some warning next time! I AM your mom, you know." She was rewarded with a scowl. "You use that excuse every time. We're best friends, which gives me the right to hit you when you do something stupid. Lying to me is stupid." She sighed. "Whatever you say Ren." Seeing it was getting dark out, Bella redirected their walking towards the house so she could fix her daughter something to eat. Once her daughter was situated in the kitchen she began quickly making up some Chicken Caesar Salad and took some blood she had stored from an earlier hunt out of the fridge. She put the salad in front of her daughter, poured some of the blood into a glass and instructed her to eat. "And I don't want to hear anything come out of your mouth about either choice of food." Without saying a word her daughter quickly ate the salad and drank down the blood. She grabbed the dirty dishes and began cleaning them in the sink. "So, Mom, is there any woman that's caught your eye?" She froze in her actions. This was dangerous territory. One wrong step and everything would be ruined. Her thoughts were a whirlwind but she forced herself to speak. "Yes, there's been a few." Her daughter laughed. "Ooh, a few, huh? What are you, some kind of player?" She laughed along but her insides were tightening in anxiety. She had to be in control of this conversation. Now. "You could say that." "How many women have there been? 20? 30?" This was the easy part; telling the truth. She smiled, the remnants of her laugh still visible on her face. "A little more then that, dear." She finished washing the dirty dishes, put them away and sat across from Renesmee. Chocolate eyes widened. "More? Like how many more?" She smirked. "Try adding another 30 onto your second guess." If possible, Renesmee's eyes got even bigger. "60?! You've slept with 60 women in the past 10 years?!" She scoffed. "That's my total for the past 5 years, dear." She thought her daughter's eyes were going to come out of her head with her last comment. Instead of screaming or doing something equally dramatic, she started laughing hysterically. This threw Bella for a loop. She expected hysterics, even anger, but not humor. "What's so funny?" She asked Renesmee who was now clutching at her sides. "My mother's a whore!" She said between fits. "Hey! I am not a whore! If you figure it out, that's something like one woman a month!" Renesmee's laughter had slowed to a chuckle and she was able to now talk normally. "Still, mom. One a month? Wasn't there ever a girl that caught your eye for a longer period of time?" Without even thinking Bella responded in a cheerless tone. "Yes there was. Once." Realizing she had spoken aloud something she had sworn herself not to reveal, she spoke again. "But we're not talking about it. Ever." She held her daughter's gaze for a moment to show she was serious. But that didn't stop Renesmee. When she wanted to know something she usually found out. Usually. "But, Mom, we're best friends. We tell each other everything." Upon looking at her daughter she noticed that she wore a curious expression as if to say, "Why couldn't we talk about this?" Holding back the anger that was seeping in at herself she responded in an even tone. "I said that's it, Renesmee. It's not up for discussion." Her daughter shrank back as if she had been slapped. Bella rarely ever talked to her in such a cold tone and when she did, there was a very serious reason for it. Instead, Renesmee dropped the subject for the moment but took time to file the information in her mind to investigate further when she got home. Now was not the time, with her mother already mad at the broached subject, to try to gather more information. No, she would wait until she could snoop around some and get to the bottom of this mystery woman her mother obviously was still pining for.