heaven. Sweat and sweetness and the heady rush of pheromones. He still wanted her. He hadn't even recovered from the most intense orgasm he'd ever experienced, and he already wanted more. "Hey. . . Bella? Baby. . . are you okay?" "Yeah," she sighed in a voice that was both lost and amazed. "I never knew. . ." "Neither did I," he whispered, gently rubbing his hand between her shoulder blades. "I've got to take care of this. . ." he warned her, rolling her gently to one side, then holding the base of the condom securely as he withdrew from her heat. "I'll be right back." Edward found the bathroom and eased the condom off carefully. He dropped it in the toilet and stood there for several seconds, waiting for his body to relax enough to let him piss. There were traces of blood on his fingers and in the water. His stomach lurched uncomfortably. "She wanted this," he reminded himself. "Just do your job." Edward washed his hands, splashed cold water on his face, and grabbed a hand towel to scrub his face dry. There was a stack of clean towels under the sink, so he wetted a washcloth with warm water and went to check on his client. "Hey there," he started softly. "You okay?" "Hmmmnnn," Bella hummed, a contented smile on her lips. Her eyes were heavy, fluttering closed. "You should use the restroom and have something to drink real quick," he cautioned her, holding the warm cloth gently against her sex. Bella moaned and arched her back, pressing her swollen flesh against his hand. Edward felt his body responding almost immediately. He clenched his eyes shut and willed himself to settle. "Come on. You'll be sore as it is. You don't want to risk a UTI. It's not worth it. Come on, baby. Up you go." Her limbs swung limply as he pulled her from the bed and half-carried her to the bathroom. He'd never had a client respond this way. He was alarmed. She wasn't giggling or begging for Round 2 the way the other young ones did. It was like her bones had melted and left her near a coma. "I'm serious, Bella. Don't pass out on me." She slumped forward on the toilet, leaning against him, but he eventually heard water hitting porcelain. She passively allowed him to wipe her, then collapsed against his shoulder with a tiny whimper. "It's okay. I've got you," he sighed, heaving her up into his arms and carrying her back to bed. She was asleep before he had even folded the blanket across sprawling form. Edward took a step back and looked around. He grabbed the floral print dress off the floor and hung it up in the closet. A cute dress for a cute girl. But she wasn't really a girl. Not any more. Despite her frank acceptance of his profession, there was something very pure and innocent about the way she behaved. No pretence. No bluffing. She was so sexually responsive that is blew his mind, but she didn't over-act or exaggerate anything. She was so genuine. One-of-a-kind. Edward hung up clothes until he ran out of hangers, then stood in the middle of the room, at a loss for what to do next. Their system called for pampering. Bella wouldn't want that or appreciate it. He knew that instinctively. Besides, the flowers he had brought over on Thursday were still lying, wilted and forgotten, on the kitchen counter. Would she even want him here when she woke up in the morning? She would probably laugh at him and send him on his way. Edward found a blank piece of paper and a pen and started composing his good bye missive. The problem was, he had lied so often, so thoroughly, that he couldn't tell the truth. Because the truth was, he had never met a girl like her. She had changed him on an elemental level. He was certain that her searching eyes and teasing laughter would haunt him forever. He would always remember today, tonight. The scent of her. The feel of her. The sight of her skin, flushed pink and hot with desire. But not desire for him. For the experience. For the knowledge. He wished it was more. Edward put down the pen and shook as his throat and eyes burned. He couldn't do it. He couldn't tell her the truth. She wouldn't believe it anyway. Moving mechanically, he dressed and gathered his possessions, pocketing the unused condom automatically. There was a slight rustle and sigh from the girl in the bed. She started gently snoring. Walking quietly, Edward turned off the lights and let himself out, making sure the door locked behind him. A few minutes later he pulled up to Jasper's house. It wasn't even midnight yet, and the lights were still on. He knocked on the door before letting himself in. "Hey, dude. How'd it go?" "Actually, I wanted to talk to you about that." Edward swallowed hard and plowed on. "I know it's not how we operate, but I'd like to refund my fee for tonight. If you could reverse the charge and let me know how much I owe you for overhead fees, that would be really great." Edward avoided his friend's eyes as he hung up the car keys and scribbled some generic notes in the company activity log. Jasper was sitting at his desk with a DumDum in his mouth. He crossed his arms and looked at Edward with concern, moving the lollipop from side to side with his tongue. "Everything alright?" "Yeah, it's great. Oh, and I got your text. You can tell Tanya that I'll pick her up next Thursday at 6:30." "Alright." "Cool. Thanks, man. Have a good night." He turned to go before Jasper could say anything else. Edward buttoned his jacket against the biting winter breeze, stuffed his hands in his pockets and turned for home. THE END