the door opens and Edward stomps in, chafing his hands and face red with cold. He doesn't meet my gaze immediately but my dad does. He is positively gloating, and I glare daggers at him. I don't know what he said or did to reduce a thirty-something professional to an intimidated teenage boy but I'm not a little girl and I don't want Edward treating me like one. "Boys, go get cleaned up. Dinner's ready and then it's time for gifts." Aunt Esme's voice cuts through the tension and we scatter to tidy ourselves, wash hands and get back to our seats. Everything tastes wonderful but I eat more slowly than ever because one of my hands is trapped in Edward's grasp below the tablecloth. My dad eventually unbends enough to toast our new relationship with his glass of beer. Carlisle responds with a toast to their 'women'. Edward toasts the butcher and the excellent roast. I toast the mistletoe amid giddy whoops from my mom and aunt and grumbles from my dad. The toasts dissolve into drunken laughter when Aunt Esme toasts the wine and chugs her mostly full glass in five seconds flat. We're a giggling, stumbling mess by the time we gather around the Christmas tree. Carlisle puts on a floppy red Santa hat and hands the gifts around one by one. Leah is near tears again when she sees my family has embraced her presence giving her all-weather gloves for when she goes running, a gift card to take Emily out for dinner and a gorgeous mountain landscape scene made by a local craftsman out of hammered copper and steel. None of my gifts surprise me: books, fuzzy socks, Amazon gift card, etc. At least, none of them surprise me until Edward's. I open the small envelop and look down in puzzlement at the card that falls into my lap. Orca? "What's this for?" I ask. "I was hoping it would move Port Angeles and Seattle a little closer together." His smile is a bit tentative and unsure. Then I get it. He pre-loaded an Orca Card for me to take the ferry back and forth. "See? I got myself a matching one," he says pulling another card from his wallet. It's finally clicking for me. This is real. We're starting a real relationship. I lean my head against his shoulder and tell him thank you. When he starts to unwrap my gift I become suddenly anxious. I bought it two weeks ago in a fit of inspiration. What do you buy for your step-brother/cousin who you've only met twice, danced with once, kissed once, but fantasized about for a year? Oven mitts and an apron, of course. "Wow, these are. . ." He looks like he's at a loss for words. Or maybe just lost. Fortunately for me, Esme swoops in and saves me from utter humiliation. "Bella, what a great idea! Are you going to teach him how to cook? Carlisle was hopeless in the kitchen before but now we love cooking together. I wish I had thought of that!" "Cooking is kind of my thing. Well, actually it's a family thing," I confess to Edward. "Don't forget the drinking," my mom interjects, raising her glass from the other couch. "I think I would really like that. You can start by showing me what to do with those quince things later this evening." I bite my lip and blush. How did I ever think this man was cold? He lights me up inside like nothing and nobody else ever has. We spend the rest of the afternoon and evening in our traditional activities, playing cards, snacking on left-overs, eating pie and sipping hot cider and spiced rum. Esme gave Carlisle a dart board and I can't stop laughing at their tipsy attempts to hang it and actually hit the target with the metal-tipped darts. The wall is peppered with holes before night falls. Leah is a dead shot, hitting the bulls-eye time after time even though I know she drank just as much as me. She cracks a rare smile when my mom forces her to wear a wreath on her head to mark her as the victor. Edward and I clear a space on the kitchen counter and I give him a crash course in making flaky pie crust, chopping the fruit and balancing the sugar, thickener and spices. The tarts don't turn out as pretty as last year and the pastry is a bit tough, but he's so proud of his accomplishment, standing there in his crisp black apron dusted with flour and looking adorable. I pull him back to the center of the room and draw him down for a lingering kiss. We pull apart reluctantly. "I better get to bed. I'm exhausted and you look like you are, too." "I haven't slept well the last few nights. Too nervous." "About me?" "Yeah, and what you might say. How you would react if I asked you out on a date." "Well, ask me and I can put your mind at ease." He takes off his apron and folds it, setting in on the end of the counter. He takes both of my hands in his and looks me straight in the eye. I feel my heart flutter against my ribs. "Bella, can I take you out to dinner tomorrow evening?" "I would like that. As long as we go somewhere other than the Forks diner." "Port Angeles?" "That gives us a few options, sure." "Can I pick you up at 5 o'clock?" I giggle at the absurd request. "How about I meet you at the landing?" "Under the mistletoe?" "You read my mind." With that he kisses me goodnight one more time and I leave him standing there in the kitchen, hair mussed, eyes bright, and a smile on his lips. If he taps on my door again tonight, I just might answer. . . Thanks for reading and MERRY CHRISTMAS!