I promise, nothing will come between us. We'll be best friends forever." I told her. She leaned up and kissed my cheek, and it made me blush. I returned the kiss on the cheek and we walked inside, hand in hand. Present… She visited every summer, and most holidays. But last summer…everything changed. After graduation, she had come home to visit. My feelings had started to develop for her…but I had also already made my decision to go into the Marines. So I did nothing about my feelings. Sure, I had a whole year until I left for boot camp…but she would still be in Phoenix. We still spent every day together, with all of our friends. After she left, we kept in touch a couple times, but not nearly as much as we use to. I knew things were changing. She was going to do a semester at the community college there, to figure out a major. The next time she wrote, a couple weeks later, she told me about the guy she met at a bookstore, and how he asked her out. A couple days later, they were a couple. I didn't know much about him, but I wasn't that happy. I waited for her, and I hoped she was doing the same for me, but it seemed that I was wrong. She seemed to like him, so I was reserved with my flirting. Then her emails came less frequent, until I got one that made my skin boil. They had been arguing a lot, and he would call her names. He got really possessive and jealous about her friends and anyone she talked to. She told me he had checked her email and phone messages regularly. Then once I wrote her back, I never heard back from her. No phone calls, no emails….nothing. Charlie would tell me when he spoke with her, but he never mentioned her boyfriend. I wondered if he knew, but now I know that he had no idea. I ended up falling asleep and dreaming of Bella. Times of peace and happiness, before she left. I even dreamt of her summers out here. I couldn't wait to see her again. When I woke up the next morning, I got up and trimmed my already-short hair. It was looking a little shaggy so I touched it up. I jumped in the shower and scrubbed my entire body twice, with some axe shower gel my dad got me. I laughed, because he always wanted me to get with girls. I washed my hair too, then jumped out and wrapped a towel around my waist. I walked into my room and looked in my closet. I pulled out a white muscle t-shirt and a pair of dark blue jeans. I put on some converse and grabbed my black hoodie. After I was done, I went into the kitchen and made some breakfast for my Dad, put it in the refrigerator for when he woke up, left him a note, and went into Port Angeles. The drive was fast, since my car has gotten some upgrades over the last year. I went to the desired store and parked in front. It was one of Bella's favorite bookstores. They had everything she likes to read. I figured I would get her a couple welcome home presents. I walked inside and the lady recognized me. "Jacob Black, it's been a while since I've seen you here. Bella coming home soon?" The lady asked. I smiled and nodded. "Yep, but she'll be here to stay;she's moving in with Charlie." I said. "Well that's great! You know, you should tell her we're looking for some help around here. Maybe if she wants the job?" She suggested, and I nodded. I ended up picking up a journal, a couple books of different genres, and Clara, the lady that works there, through in a muffin for Bella and a coffee for me. I've been slightly addicted to caffeine lately. I finished my latte after on my way home. When I got there, my dad had left a note on the table. He was at Harry's. It was about eleven, so I went into the garage to do some wood work, since I wasn't in the right clothes to work on the car. It was Sue Clearwater's car. It still needed and oil change and washing, but other than that, I had finished everything. I looked over the almost-finished pieces, and picked one up. It was of a big wolf. There were only a few edges left to fix, then it would be nearly finished, besides polishing. So I finished up the edges, and moved onto the next. After about four of them were complete, and ready for polishing, I looked at the clock. It was time to go get Charlie and pick up Bella. I sighed, unsure of what was going to happen, and walked off to my car. I cleaned out the back seat and made sure there was room in the trunk for whatever Bella brought with her, which hopefully wasn't much. Maybe she had her stuff shipped over. Who knows? So I drove over to Charlie's and picked him up. We didn't want to take the cruiser since it would be a little flashy. We made the drive up to Seattle in about an hour and a half, just after her plane landed. When we walked into the airport, I couldn't help but notice this beautiful girl standing at the coffee bar, a hot beverage in hand. In a pair of jeans, uggs, and a white long sleeved shirt, the girl nearly matched me. She looked up and right into my eyes, then smiled. It was Bella. A/N: Hey all! Hope you enjoyed this chapter. As I stated in my beginning authors note, this is a re-write of a story I wrote a few years ago. If you remember the old version, I hope you like this one better! NerdyWriter12