saved her!" "She's better of being captured. She's a girl, they won't harm her. They'll scare her a little, make her sign a contract of silence, and set her free with a random check every few months for the first year." "Or she could be lying in there dead!" I screamed at him. "How could you be so stupid?" "Bella, this is not the time, we need to keep going." Jacob said softly, trying to get me to move. I shook my head. "I'm going to go and save her." I vowed. "I can't let you do that." Jacob said sadly. I frowned. Before I could run, he grabbed my hands, turning me around. I stiffened when I felt the barrel of his gun prodding into my back. "W-what the fuck are you doing?" I spluttered as he began to push me forward. "This is what's best for you Bella. Aro is evil Bella; you need to get away from him." He replied. I shivered. "What have you done Jacob?" I said in despair. He didn't answer. We remained in silence for the rest of the tunnel. The only way I knew Jacob was with me was his firm grip, restraining my wrists behind my back, and the prod of a gun in my back every time I would slow down. "Please don't run." Jacob pleaded as we came to the end of the tunnel. There was an old rusty ladder, built into the rock leading up to another trap door. Jacob gave me a look before gesturing with his gun towards the ladder. I couldn't look at him as I climbed the ladder. "It's not opening." I said as I thumped on the door. It wouldn't budge. Jacob swore. "It must be locked from the outside." He explained. "Well then this is a stupid escape tunnel." I said sarcastically. Jacob chuckled but my frosty glare shut him up. I wasn't quite sure what he was doing, all I knew was that he hadn't saved Angela when he could've, and now he was holding me at gun point, kidnapping me. "Let me t-" We both looked upwards to see 3 guns pointing down the tunnel. "Out." A gruff voice said. I slowly pulled myself out of the tunnel, only to be pulled into a standing position and held from behind me while a feisty blonde girl patted me down. "She's unarmed Mr Cullen." I stiffened. I had heard of the Cullens. They were our enemies. They absolutely hated our family, and we hated them. I tried to struggle as my hands were cuffed so tightly in front of me that I swear the cold metal cut into my skin. Once I was restrained I was turned around to meet the gaze of what would've been a very handsome man, if not for the ugly scowl adorning his face. He stared at me for a few seconds before releasing me, shoving me backwards. I noticed the blonde haired girl and a dark haired man come to stand either side of me. "You are Mr Denali's informant?" The bronze haired beauty asked Jacob. "Yes." My stomach dropped. "You are Mr Cullen I presume." "Yes. We will be taking the girl from here." I couldn't quite believe this was happening. It felt like some awful nightmare that I would wake up from any minute now. Jacob hadn't betrayed us, and Angela would most certainly not be missing. "Mr Denali said I would have a job with you, after the attack." "You fucking traitor." I spat. Cutting of whatever the Cullen man was going to say. Jacob looked pained but I couldn't give a shit. "I'm sorry." He said slowly. I shook my head. "No, I'm sorry." I gave a second to pray that all my self-defence training would pay off, if not, I would be screwed. I slammed by foot down on the dark haired man next to me, drawing my hands up to punch him in the gut. While he was winded I grabbed his already cocked gun and pulled the trigger. I realised that even if Jacob had betrayed us, I couldn't shoot him, so I fired one shot at the Cullen guy and started running, not looking to see if I had hit my target or not. I didn't look back, I didn't need to. I could hear the Cullen guy yelling at them to chase after me. I spotted what looked like a road, on the other side of a sparse forest. I ran full sprint, thanking God that I was wearing my running gear and was fairly fit. I was halfway through the forest, with my abductors hot on my heels when I tripped. I stumbled, and that was all they needed. I was tackled and slammed into the ground, the gun and my only source of protection flying from my hands as I hit the ground. I gave a howl of pain as my shoulder dislocated, the bone popping out of its socket. A few tears tumbled down my cheeks as my body trembled with pain. I almost screamed when I was rolled over to see only the bronze haired Cullen pinning me to the forest floor. "No one tries to fucking shoot me." He growled. There was a sharp slap as his hand connected with my cheek. I instinctively tried to cup my injured cheek with my hand but he had a firm hold of those. "You bastard." I managed to scream at him. I spat at him, smiling as I hit him right in between his eyes. My smile was wiped of my face as his eyes visibly darkened with anger. Oh shit. He grabbed his gun, and before I could say my last dying thought, he smashed the butt against my head. I groaned as stars clouded my vision. I saw Jacob and the two others catch up with us before Cullen smashed the gun against my head again, sending my world into darkness.