cryptically I knew she wouldn't say anything else so I left it at that. Once we got home I quickly finished my homework and decided to go for a walk in the woods surrounding our home I never went far but there was a little clearing I went to not to far that I loved. I stumbled and tripped my way there but once I got there I instantly felt at peace at home here more than anyway I loved being surrounded by the trees. I sat somewhat in the middle and started reading my book again which is probably why I jumped when I heard a twig snap. I shot my head up and gasped in relief "Paul you scared the hell out of me" he chuckled as he came to sit next to me. "I was waiting for you at the window but then I heard the back door go and saw you walk out figured you would be here" he explained as he took the book from my hands and fanned through it. "Head always in a book Bella" he chuckled as I took my book back I stuck my tongue out at him causing him to laugh at me. "What did you want anyway" I asked with a smile he looked serious for a second before his 100 watt smile came out making my smile widen. "I just wanted to see if you were alright after what happened at dinner I was about to come over there but Seth beat me to it" he asked. I smiled then frowned "wait a minute how did you know what was being said you were at the other end of a noisy cafeteria. He looked panicked for a second "well I didn't I meant I knew she was saying something bad and I saw Seth stand up an glare so I knew he was defending you plus he told me later on as well" he explained in a rush. I nodded satisfied with his answer "well to answer your earlier question yeah I am fine nothing she says to me matters so I don't listen" I explained causing him to chuckle. "Well ok then I better get back dinner was almost ready when I left and you know how I am with food" I chuckle as he sped off he was a wolf when it came to food I honestly didn't know where it all went. I returned as well just in time to help make dinner with Sue it was one of our bonding things Leah and me both helped out at the diner but Sue was always here, there and everywhere this was our time we glided together in the kitchen Charlie often said he liked to watch us whilst we cooked. Finally it was getting late I made my way upstairs collected my PJ's and went into the bathroom I had a quick shower and did all the usual stuff before going back into my bedroom. I looked out the window to see Paul walking around half naked now I did say earlier how hot all of his groups was well Paul was no exception his tanned skin and six pack would make any girl hot and bothered. I had seen him in a wife beater since his amazing transformation a few months and that was drool worthy but this was wow. I blushed as he caught me staring I quickly looked away and back again to see if he was laughing at me instead he was writing. He showed me his board with a smirk 'see something you like' it said I was lucky that he wasn't so close he would of seen my incredibly red face I instead got my board and wrote 'yeah your wallpaper its nice'. He looked like he was laughing which caused me to laugh as well until I saw what he put in reply 'yeah its hot isn't it I bet you wanna come over and touch it' I blushed even deeper I didn't think that was possible. 'I think form here I can see it needs re doing better' I put back I laughed as he glared at me before smiling 'you wouldn't say that if you were inspecting it up close touching it'. I shook my head at him 'I don't think so' I challenged ducking my head when I looked up he was gone. I peered through the window trying to see him but he was gone just then I heard a knock on my door. I opened it and gasped to see Paul smirking he walked past me shutting the door as he came in. He was now wearing a shirt and I was confused as to why he was here but before I could ask he whipped off his shirt and stood looking at me expectantly. I just stood their mouth wide open in shock his chuckle shook me out of my surprise "well" he said I looked at him in confusion in all the years we had known each other he had never been in my room so to see him stood their now was shocking. "Well what" I managed to croak out his smirk grew wider "Well come and inspect it then see if it needs redoing" he said I stood stock still in shock. He finally made his way over to me I avoided his eyes but then all I could see was his large chest as it came closer so I quickly lifted my eyes up to his. I heard him gasp as I did I felt pulled into his eyes this feeling swooped over me I could feel the heat rolling off of him as he took another step closer causing me to lift my head up to keep contact with his eyes fearing I would lose the feeling if I looked away. OMG longest chap I have ever done hehe let me know what you all think please