me, so he threatened to kill all of you, the wolves, my parents, even Angela." Everyone was gaping at me in horror, but I plowed on, not meeting their eyes. "When Edward saw me with Jasper in December, he was glad you'd all take care of me again, but he couldn't face any of us again after seeing all the pain he caused, so he came here asking for death. From then on he was under the control of Aro and Chelsea. She's the only one here who knows about his second gift." "Bella, we're absolutely following Annie," Jasper said firmly, turning me sideways in his lap so he could see my face. "I know you; the girl who ran off and faced a vampire alone to save her mother. I know you don't want to risk us getting hurt, but I'm sure I speak for everyone here when I say we won't let you suffer in our place." A flicker of emotion came back and I gave my mate a small smile. "I know," I said. "We also can't stand by and let this continue. Aro is a ruthless megalomaniac, loyal only to himself. He plays both sides whenever he can, and he'll eventually destroy and conquer everything." My tiny smile fell and I could actually feel my eyes darken in despair again. I glanced over at Peter. "He was controlling Tristan too, you know. He knew about Tristan's gift and he had Tristan's mate torn apart and her pieces hidden around the country. Her name was Amelia. Her pieces are still out there somewhere because, even though Aro called Tristan and told him to attack La Push when we were all stuck here, he failed to help Victoria and the newborns defeat the wolves." "That's it!" Jasper growled, standing up and pulling me to my feet with him. A wave of determination suddenly slammed into me, and by the looks of it everyone else. Absorbing the strong emotion hungrily, I looked up at my mate, meeting his piercing gaze. "What were the exact instructions Annie gave you?" He demanded. "Be ready by tonight or tomorrow at the latest," I quoted Annie perfectly. "I'll get some cars ready for all of you. When you're ready, sing something again. If you hear me whistle the same tune back, it's go time." "Tonight sounds good to me," Jasper casually ordered. There were very few clocks in this place, but from the direction of the sun out the window I'd guess it to be about six o'clock in the afternoon. I say afternoon because it's June. We have about three more hours 'til twilight. Annie might come any time after that. "Everyone go prepare. No one go near Aro." Like any of us needed to hear that last bit. As everyone left our room, I followed them out and pulled Jasper along with me. He raised an eyebrow inquiringly. "Covering my tracks," I said by way of explanation. "You don't want me to go near the north wing alone again, do you?" That was all the convincing he needed. As we reached the northwest corner of the castle, I saw the fiery red hair on the floor and breathed a sigh of relief. I grabbed it up quickly and closed it in my fist again, but not before Jasper recognized it. "Why do you have that?" "A bird dropped it," I spoke in code, wary of our proximity to the Guard's Wing. Jasper's brow furrowed for a moment while he thought about what I said, but he quickly put it together. He nodded once and we turned to head back when we heard a door open and close behind us. I sniffed the air. Mugwort and mandarin orange; it was Jane. Jasper kept walking, but another muddy human memory made me stop in my tracks. Jasper only took a few more steps before turning to look at me, realizing I wasn't going to follow. "Bella?" Jane called a second before she rounded the corner and saw me. "Oh, Jasper, hello," she added. I turned in time to see her nod to my mate in greeting, then she turned back to me. "What brings you back here?" She asked, "Were you two looking for someone?" My eyes flickered down to her small hands, seeing my old moonstone ring had been resized to fit her smaller fingers. Edward's wristband, my moonstone ring, my bachelorette party… Jude was Jane's mate, but they couldn't meet while we were still here. I'd formed an odd, slightly strained friendship with Jane, and maintaining it was crucial. Peter… 'It was important for you to befriend Jane. My knower told me so… not as urgent… a good month off yet, give or take a week… Jane saves your life .' It had been five weeks. It had to be today. "You," I blurted out, realizing I had taken a little too long to respond. Technically, it was true. I did need her, or I would. But how? Jane gave me a small smile. "Well, mission accomplished. How can I help you?" I nearly snorted. Wasn't that the million-dollar question? How could she help me? What did I need her to do? Peter's visions were always set in stone, but Alice's visions were more detailed. If Peter said Jane would save my life in some way, it was absolutely going to happen, but the situation was unknown. The deadline was up, so it had to be today. Jane was still under the control of Aro and Chelsea, and I could no longer use the bloodborne aspect of my gifts to transfer them to her and free her. Semi-friend or not, how could I trust her? She had to fit into all this somehow, but how? How?! Jasper had walked back over to stand beside me. Jane was waiting for an answer. I had to say something. Still scrambling to think of what to say, I opened my mouth to answer her.