of her bed up and grabbed a wad of tissues, blowing her nose loudly. "Please, feel free to say what's on your mind. I'm not that easily offended." I was grinning like a damn ape. I knew she was upset, but her little rant was more beneficial than anything. I certainly was not offended. I wanted her to realize that I had come to terms with my situation and I truly am living a great life. This wheelchair is more than an annoyance, but I could either embrace my life or wallow in self-pity. The self-pity would fester and rot me from the inside out. Self-pity would have destroyed me. In my head, there had only ever been one option for me. Bella looked thoughtful before her next comment. "You seem so at ease. Are you certain the wheelchair isn't a prop?" I found myself laughing. "No, Bella, I assure you it is not." She appeared embarrassed. "May I ask, um, how did…" She looked at the floor and then back at the chair. "It's okay to ask, Bella. I know your history, it's only fair you know mine." She sighed. "I'm sorry." "Don't be." I'd told my story hundreds of times, and it wasn't the disability that altered my life and broke my heart. Losing the use of my legs was nothing compared to everything else I had lost that afternoon. I had a little different perspective than most disabled individuals. "I was in an automobile accident shortly after my eighteenth birthday. My uncle Carlisle convinced me to go into medicine during my rehab after I moved in with him and my aunt." I braced myself for the question I'd left open for her, but she didn't ask. They all wanted to know about my parents. Why didn't I go home with them? The question I always hated to answer never came. "I'd like to invite you to join my support group here at Harborview. We're here for anyone with a newly acquired disability, and we have meetings every Tuesday. I try to attend whenever I can. You'd benefit from the fellowship as well as the resources we have to offer. I'll be there this week, if you'd like to go you'd have the advantage of knowing someone. I imagine you'll still be here tomorrow evening. I didn't read any discharge notes in your chart." "No, I'm starting some sort of steroid therapy this evening and there are more tests I need to have yet. A CMG or a VCUG. Something about urination. I don't really understand all the tests." "I don't mean to pry, but are you having problems with urination?" "Yeah, to an extent. Your uncle seemed to think it was important that they investigate it." "I've had both tests done. The CMG is less humiliating. Neither one is truly painful, just a bit embarrassing. The CMG uses a catheter with a special device to measure pressure in your bladder to determine how much it can hold and at what pressure you need to urinate. The other test uses contrast dye to see how everything flows. They're more of an annoyance than anything." She frowned. "Oh, great." I shrugged my shoulders. "I've been through worse." I held my hand out to shake hers. She left go of the bedrail and feel back into her pillows when she reached to shake hands. As I held her hand relishing its warmth and softness, I sighed. Time to go. "Well, I've got a few things to take care of. I should help Carlisle take my bags out to the car. I don't want him to do all the work." She dropped my hand and cocked her head. "You haven't been discharged yet?" "I've been a free man for an hour." "I'm sorry I held you up. It was nice meeting you. I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't mean to explode." "It's okay, Bella, really . It's good to let it all out. Can we consider it a date, then?" "I think I'd like that." I left the hospital feeling better than I had in days. I stopped by the rehab gym on my way out. I rolled over to Carmen's desk and pulled out my notebook with the list of support group members. I needed to take it home and study; I wanted to pair Bella up with someone who could truly help her learn to adjust. ~Bella~ My visitor left me with many things to consider. While he hadn't given me answers, he did give me options . He also made me realize I need to be more open minded. As good as it felt to light into him, the only word that came to mind when I set eyes on him was… embarrassment . As Edward left my room, I settled back into my nest. While I still had this huge weight hanging over me, I realized that perhaps he was right. Maybe it would be easier to bear the burden if I allowed someone to share the load. While there would be obstacles, I'd never been a quitter. This was certainly no time to begin. It wouldn't be so terrible to go to a meeting with the handsome doctor. I was glad that I agreed to go. I had a feeling the support group would become an important part of my life in days to come. After attending that first meeting I realized how great an asset these people could be. Never in a million years could I have imagined my decision that afternoon would impact my life so deeply. Here we are, nearly two years later, I felt so much better about myself. My life had gotten back on track, and I'd made the biggest move of my life. It took us so long to get here. It took almost losing him for us to reconnect. It wasn't always easy, but this has become the most enriching experience of my life. Thanks for reading. Please review.