a little nervous. "Good evening, Miss Platt. How are we feeling this fine evening?" he greeted me. I smiled at how his greeting seemed perfectly human on one hand while its tone did something to my insides that were completely unnatural. Even if I had not committed a solemn vow, I doubted if asking someone if they were inhuman was ladylike behaviour. "I am well thanks to you. The earlier doctor tells me that I have healed enough to return to my home tomorrow when my parents are able to retrieve me." He smiled politely, but he looked sad underneath. I wondered what might have made him sad. "I am glad to hear that you are well enough to return home," he stated. He sounded genuine, but once again there was a curious sadness in his tone. I had spent the whole afternoon, since being told that I would be leaving tomorrow, trying to figure out what to say to Dr. Cullen. I wanted to see him again and to tell him so, but I had my mother's voice in my head telling me what was expected of a lady. I honestly did not care if Dr. Cullen was human or not. He was simply the most kind, honest, funny, compassionate, caring, intelligent being I had ever met. I could not help but wonder if his sadness was because he also did not want our time to end. Were interspecies relationships even possible or allowed? Maybe there were rules about these types of things? Could courting be forbidden? If I was on an alien planet pretending to be like the inhabitants, then it was probably a secret. Could he tell me his secret? Would he be punished if he did? I felt like I was in one of my novels and I did not know what to do. I finally caught myself muttering and remembered that he might have super hearing, so shut my mouth. I looked up at him scared and embarrassed about what I was about to do. "Well," I began, "you see," I stated and paused to calm my nerves, "Dr. Cullen," I started collecting my thoughts once more, "um, I was wondering," I uttered my nerves getting the better of me. "Well, if you would be willing to come and inquire about me in my home in a few days time?" I asked in a rush. I was not sure that I had been totally coherent due to my nerves, so I hoped he understood me and then took to staring down at my hands afraid of what I might see cross his face. Finally his voice reached me putting me out of my misery. "I am not sure that is a good idea, Miss Platt." Of course not, I thought bitterly. There were probably rules. He was trying to be polite about it. He said some other things but I was not really listening as my mind spiralled in disappointment while simultaneously it tried to find a solution. My treacherous eyes were threatening tears. I was not sure why I was so disappointed. I had known that the chances of him calling upon me were close to impossible, but still the let down hurt. My traitorous heart dared to hope again when he resumed speaking. Fortunately, I began taking in his words again. "Even if I was not leaving town, Miss Platt, I will not be here when your father arrives in order to garnish his permission to call on you." Then I was irritated. All this time he had been acting like he did not know social etiquette and took this moment to remind me that it was my father, not me, who had to approve of him calling. Not to mention it was a stupid excuse for his no. He had asked for my honesty while giving me the flimsiest of excuses. Underneath my anger was disappointment. Maybe there were no rules and he simply was not interested in me in that way. Knowing me, I was probably allowing my imagination to run away into something ridiculous, after all he was a doctor and I a farm girl. I had known from the beginning that such a courtship was unlikely everything else being equal. Unfortunately, my ire won out and I muttered under my breath, "I would dare say my mother would be glad for me to have any male callers at all, Father's permission or not." I knew my statement was not lady like and with my luck he did have super hearing, so that even if no one else would not have heard me, he might have. I was trying to imagine how this moment could be more humiliating. After many long minutes as I watched his attention appearing elsewhere, he cordially said, "Well, Miss Platt, I am glad to hear that this will be your last night here. Good night." Then he turned and exited closing the curtain behind him. I had to wonder if the nurse had been on her way again. "Good night, Dr. Cullen," I whispered guessing he could probably hear me. Shortly after I heard the nurse's voice in the background. I spent the rest of the night going over what had transpired. He had looked sad. I had to hope that he wanted to spend time with me, but could not for some reason. It had a very 'star-crossed lovers who cannot ever be together due to forces outside of their control' feel to it. I decided to be totally and irrevocable unladylike and make my sentiments plain in case he really did not know human 1911 American protocols. I asked the nurse for some paper and a writing utensil. After much internal debate I settled on: Dear Dr. Cullen, In case you change you mind and have the courage to ask my father when you arrive, I can be found at North Willow Lane five miles in the south-westerly direction. Kindly, Miss Esme Platt