I say as we near the door of the sports bar called 'Boomers'. I can hear that it's pretty much almost to capacity, but what do I expect on a cold Friday night. "Let's do it." I stride a head of her and enter the human bar. Their smells hit my senses immediately, but I'm completely able to control my urges as I've got a full stomach of bear from my hunt this afternoon. "There she is." Vic laughs pulling me towards the bar. I try to casually lean against it as I feel almost every eye in here on me, obviously 2 beautiful new girls were going to get some looks so I need to be as human as I can. I shake my shoulders out and keep my breathing steady as Vic orders us 2 whiskeys, alcohol is one of the only things I can keep down. Victoria hands me my glass and holds hers in between us both. "A toast, to bringing you out of that darkness and into the light that's filled with booze and sexy ladies." She smirks. "I'll cheers to that." I laugh knocking our glasses. I think I could actually have some fun tonight. . . . I throw my head back with laughter as Victoria frowns in frustration as Deb, one of the girls we met at the bar pots the black ball beating Vic for the second time at pool. "Next rounds on you then Vic." I giggle. We've been at the bar for a few hours now and a couple of local girls took a shine to us so Vic invited them to join us for some drinks. "Yeah yeah." She mumbles making her way over to the bar with Deb. I feel a hand stroke down my back and turn to find the other girl Julie back from the bathroom. "Where are the girls?" She asks grabbing her bottle of beer and taking a sip, not taking her eyes off mine. "Getting the next round. Deb beat Vic at pool again, and she's not to happy about it." I say pointing to the pouting red head at the bar. Victoria's always been extremely competitive so I get that she's pissed a human beat her at a bar game. "Yeah I can see that." She laughs. "So, what are your plans tonight?" Julie says looking away shyly. "Haven't really got any, we just found this bar and met you two." "Oh, so you're free to come back to my place then…maybe, I mean if you wanted." She rushes. "Yeah maybe, let's just see how the night goes." I smile. Julie lets out a breath and nods at me in response just as the girls come back with the drinks. "What were you two talking about?" Vic smirks at me. Yeah because she doesn't know. "Just about how I'm going to kick your ass at pool." I tell her. "Oh really?" She scoffs. "Yeah. Rack them up red." I say grabbing a pool que. Victoria starts to set up the pool balls but stops suddenly, I see her nose twitching before she looks towards the bar doors. As I take in my own breath the doors swing open and two beautiful blonde women walk into the bar arm in arm. "Vampires." Vic says only for my ears. "We should go." She knows I don't enjoy getting wrapped up with new vampires. "Yeah lets get out of here." "Okay Bells." Victoria nods subtly. She continues to move around the balls before pretending to stumble. "Whoa." She whispers grabbing at her head. "I guess I've had way too much to drink." "You alright?" I play along moving to her side and holding her up. "I think we should head home." She mumbles wrapping an arm around my shoulder. Deb and Julie look on worried but pretty bummed out that we can't stay or go back to theirs for some fun. "Sorry ladies, maybe we can do this another time." I tell them both. "Yeah sure, get home safe." They both wave as me and Vic make our way out the back door. We exit the bar and out into the alley. "Ahhh it's snowing." Vic smiles looking up at the sky. "Yay great...do you think we should leave town?" I ask trying to get her focused. "It's up to you Bells. I'm good either way." She says leaning up against the wall. "They didn't smell like Nomads, they were clean animal drinkers." "Yeah I know but I don't trust new vampires." I huff wishing I could get the family of Vampires that betrayed me out of my mind "Well that's not very nice, you don't even know us." A female voice says from behind us. Vic and I spin around in surprise over not sensing them approaching. I get a good look at them both. They're both extremely beautiful women but one is tall and slender with long wavy blonde hair, and the other is slightly shorter with long straight hair. The shorter one holds up her hands in surrender when I back away slightly. "We don't want any trouble, we just thought we should introduce ourselves. I'm Kate Denali and this is my sister Irina." "Oh fuck." Vic mumbles. I look over at her and see her looking wide eyed at the tall blonde Irina and I see Irina looking back at Vic with a soft smile on her face. Oh man I definitely know that look, it's the way Esme would look at Carlisle whenever he'd get home from work. Vic's found her mate. A/N: Hope you all enjoyed the start of this new story, chapters will be longer I promise, leave a wee review if you can. Also I don't want to leave Kate out on all the loving, so if you have an idea on who you'd like her to be with let me know with voting on the poll or just leave your answer on a review :)