leg. It was then that I had another thought: my sister was about to die. I was about to lose my sister, my sister who had come here to save me, and I was never going to get her back. This BASTARD was stealing my family! Stupidly—I cannot emphasize that word enough—I reached out and grasped a shard of glass, one almost as wide as my fist, and closed my hand around it. I don't know what I planned to do with it—throw it, maybe? And if so, how numb does a brain have to be before it considers throwing a piece of glass at a mad vampire?—but as soon as my hand closed over it, I felt it pierce my skin and I saw James turn and lock in on me like a shark finding a fish. A drop of blood hit the floor. I saw his face lose all humanity. I saw the thirst take over. I saw him arrive by my side, not caring as he yanked my hand up. He sunk his teeth deep into my wrist and I felt the world seeping away. His eyes flashed red as he drained the life from my body. "Isabella?" I muttered, looking for her. She should run now. This was going to be her only chance. But when I looked across the room and found her, she was already unconscious. I see a flash of red as something grabbed James and yanked him away, my head hit the floor and I joined her. And I dreamed of my sister screaming my name and begging for me to stay human. … Burning. My hand was burning. It hurt so much. It hurts. "It hurts." "I know, pretty girl." Pain explodes and blisters through my shattered body. And then I'm lost in agony. … I find myself being carried, low voices surrounding me. I smell smoke. I smell perfume. I smell blood. Each scent grows stronger with the pain. I scream. I fall away again, pulling myself into the pain where the outside world can't touch me. … The rest of it was all dreams, dreams and pain that never seemed to end. They were all nightmares. They were all about James and Victoria. They were all about blood and death. I was losing myself, not just my consciousness, but my sanity. It was dripping away in agony, in dream after dream of a kind smile beneath red eyes, of a promise that I wouldn't stay human long, of an offering of a world where I would be special and different and there would be no Isabella to take any eyes off of me. But all I wanted was a world without all this pain. I was forever in that life: that life where every inch of me was fire and splinters, branding iron to my very core, a shock of brilliant pain washing over me like a wave of molten glass. I kept my eyes screwed closed and my jaw tight against the screams that wanted to escape. Screaming wouldn't help. Seeing the fire that must have engulfed me would not help. I was in a losing battle for my life and all I had left was to endure and I was going to endure... Then... I began to feel something new... a separate part of me... a part that could ignore it all, rather then simply push it away. First it was simple, pinpricks, remembering Tyler's backing off and Bella leaving, Dad yelling at me and Mom letting me stay with him. Then I remembered Isabella walking into the ballet studio and I saw her about to die. After that I began to identify the pieces of pain: my legs both ached and itched at the same time. My brain felt like it was melting. My jaw was clamped tight as a vice, unable to move as I fought of a burst of fire through the crack in my jawbone. Someone was calling. As the pain faded, I began to hear my heartbeat. It was panicked and trembling, knowing it had flickered on past its proper time. We're supposed to be dead I thought, feeling my brain start to echo the feeling as its thoughts began to focus and therefore better feel the agony that was the new Genevieve Swan. "Gen?" That's not my name. That girl? She's dead. She's burning away and fading like flickering coals. She's leaked out of me and left a shell, a hollow bit of thirst and pain and anger. I don't understand anything that's happened, but as the fire starts to fade, as I feel calm return to the tips of my fingers and toes and flow inward… I know whose fault this is. James told me that much, he told Bella that much. Edward Cullen. My heart took its last beats. It flickered and died and took with it the last of Gen Swan. Edward Cullen. I thought again. I savored the hate that flickered through the shreds of my being. He'd broken me. How had James said it? What had James said? I was getting a little blurry there; my mind was far more concerned with the brilliant memories of fire scorching through my veins, turning me to diamond. It didn't care much about silly human memories… James had mentioned that, hadn't he? And I remembered that this was about Bella… "Geeeeenny." Again I was irritated, especially as the pain left and I began to take in my new senses. Genny? No. Genevieve. Genevieve, who was reeling as she felt her heart sputter and fall asleep, who was taking one last moment to absorb the lack of pain and the new feeling of invincibility. Who was using another part of her mind to remember who had brought this trouble on her and her family. Edward Cullen. I thought. And my first movement as a vampire was a slow and vicious grin. Edward Cullen needs to die. … To be continued…?