important." "I just don't get why it's dangerous mom." "If it is Billy then it can't be because Sarah threatened you, I mean she has been dead many years." I put in. "And Mr. Uley left town years ago." "I can't say." Tiffany persisted. "Fine, be that way." Embry said and stood abruptly, he tore out the front door faster than lightning. I heard the sound of clothing tearing and knew he was no in wolf form. "I'm sorry Tiffany, I don't know why he has it in his head that he has to know for sure." I told her. "He has always wanted to know but I swore I would keep it a secret from him. I swore that I wouldn't ruin any families." "There is nothing to ruin not anymore." "It wasn't Sarah who threatened me, us." She said, her admission coming after all this time. "It was his father." "Billy wouldn't…" "No not Billy, Billy's father. He was a bad man Bella, he was cruel and didn't care for anything. Why do you think Sarah is dead?" "She was killed in the accident that injured Billy." "The driver of that car was hired to get rid of her. Why do you think the kids were nowhere near their parents? Why do you think Rachel and Rebecca left town. They were old enough to know their grandfather was a bad person." "Oh my god." "He's still alive and as long as he is alive I don't want my son anywhere near that family. Please Bella you must keep this from him." "I will. I promise." The walk back home sucked as I no longer had Embry to make conversation with since he was off in wolf form sulking. "BELLA." Emily screamed from her porch as I neared the drive way. I ran up the steps to see what was wrong. "Vampires are back." She cried hugging onto me tightly. "What?" I looked around knowing full well they wouldn't be in sight. "Some guy she said." "Leah phased back to let you know?" "Yes she called before she turned back and went to help in the fight." I followed her inside where a few of the other imprints were waiting for news. Hours passed and the sky darkened before anyone came barreling in the door. "Sam!" "Get warm towels and call the town doctor." Emily did as he said and I peeked around trying to see what was going on. "Bella I need you to do something for me." "What is it?" "Call Dr. Cullen." I was taken aback and confused. "Now." But the urgency in his voice left no room for arguing. I dialed the number I knew all too well and when he answered I didn't really know what to say. Just that we needed his help. He told me he was on his way and would be there in an hour. "Bella listen…" "It's Embry, what happened, where is he?" I tried to push Sam aside to see him. When he finally moved out of my way I gasped in shock at seeing the love of my life, my best friend lying on the sofa with blood pouring from all over. I knelt down next to him, his eyes were closed and his breathing was laboured. "Please don't leave me." I cried leaning my head on his shoulder lightly. I could hear a car door close outside and I knew Carlisle had arrived. "Please wake up." A hand lightly touched the back of my head and I look up quickly. Embry had opened his eyes and was staring down at me. "I love you Bella." "I love you too but don't say goodbye, please don't say goodbye." I was pulled out of the way as Carlisle got to work trying to make him better. "I know the truth Embry, I know who he is." I called out as things started to look grim. His eyes opened again and I knew he had the right to know even if it meant everyone knowing. I couldn't keep the promise I made to Tiffany, not when he was so close to being gone. "It's Billy, Embry, it's always been Billy." Once again they fluttered closed, I slumped back in a chair next to Jake and Leah. "I'm very sorry, there is nothing else I can do." Carlisle said standing up. "Bella." Tears were streaking down my face as I flew out the door and into the woods. I tried to control my breathing before going back inside. When I had calmed down I walked up the steps. He was still laying there, his breath coming in short spurts. "Embry, you can survive this I know you can." I whispered. I held onto his hand and he gave it a light squeeze. "I love you." His hand went lax as his eyes shut again and his breathing evened out until there was nothing there. "Embry…Embry… No.. don't leave me please don't leave me." I cried harder than I have ever cried before in my life. "I love you, please don't…" Jake pulled me away and held me close as I cried out. The others lifted Embry from the sofa while Paul went to the back yard with a shovel. That was the moment I shut down. . . . . Present Day "Everyone you love dies?" He asked. "Yes." Came my almost silent reply. "How is that?" "I can't give you the details." I said. "I don't even want to give them to you." "Well Bella unless we can make some progress the only option I can think of for you is to send you to St. Mary's Institute. They will be able to help you there." I didn't even acknowledge him then as two men dressed in white entered the room and took me into custody. I no longer had tears to shed, as I faced a life wrapped in white walls and monotone people. This was my end.