on staying more than the one night. After Renee's insightful comments she knew she couldn't bear to be psychoanalyzed. This time she wouldn't be giving her address to anyone. She needed time alone with no contact from either friends or family. The only problem was Alice. She pondered whether Edward's sister would be able to see where she traveled. Probably, but hopefully she would refrain from telling Edward. Bella refused to think about Jacob, it hurt too much. She closed her eyes and finally fell asleep. Her dreams were troubled and when she woke in the early hours of the morning she felt more exhausted then she had done when she first went to bed. Renee and Phil were still asleep. Bella got dressed quickly and penned her mother a note which she left on the kitchen counter. I'm sorry mom. I will call. You are right I am running, but I am just not ready to stop. Bella X Bella gathered up the keys to her truck and quietly left the house. The sun was just rising and it shone a light on the distant horizon. She paused for a moment, regret weighing heavy on her heart as she climbed into her truck and drove away. She didn't look back. Charlie sat by the phone and waited impatiently for his daughter to call. Nothing. He drank a few cans of beer, his anger kicking up a notch as more time passed without a word. In his drink addled mind he planned on ringing again, but he fell asleep before he did so. By the time he woke up it was gone ten in the morning. There was a message on his answering machine. It was Renee, his ex wife. "She's gone, Charlie. She just left a note and took off." Renee sounded distraught. Charlie stared at his answering machine and deleted the message. He strode slowly back into the kitchen and took out another beer. By twelve he was inebriated again; the pain from his daughter's rejection a dull ache. "Where are you going Jacob Black?" Melissa Hoult stood outside her small house, her hands on her hips as she yelled at him. "Away from your screeching." Jacob climbed into his truck and slammed the heavy door shut. It clanged sharply making him wince. "You are a user. A damn player." Melissa's long black hair flew behind her like a banner as she charged over and banged her fist on the door of the truck. "You'll be back. You always are." Jacob glanced at her out of his rear view mirror as he drove away. She was still yelling and cursing as she ran after his truck. He stared stonily ahead, ignoring her. He felt dead inside. He had done for years. Bella slept in her truck for the first few days. She drove aimlessly, not really caring where she was headed. She would occasionally book into a motel for the night so she could bathe and wash up, but other then these brief pauses she continued to drive, filling up the truck with gas and then moving on. In one town she had her hair cut to her shoulders. It felt freeing seeing the long strands of her hair fall to the floor. Her hair would be easier to manage now. She tied up the rest into a small ponytail and continued on. Weeks turned into months as she continued on her impromptu road trip. She occasionally made a few calls to her mother, but did not talk for long. Renee's tear filled requests for her to come home were jarring and ruining her new found sense of peace and freedom. Bella knew she was being selfish but she found it hard to summon up the will to care. She deserved to be a little selfish didn't she? She continued to drive, her eyes always on the horizon in front of her. "I'm getting out of here for a while." Jacob hunkered down in front of Billy and put a hand on his shoulder. "Rach and Paul are here to look after you." "Where will you go?" Billy asked his son sadly. "Anywhere but here. This place is doing my head in." Jacob confessed, his eyes turning dark. "I am not needed at the moment, so this is the perfect time. I have paid my dues to the tribe and the pack. It's my turn to decide what I want now." "Keep safe son." Billy knew it was pointless begging Jacob to stay. He had been unhappy and restless for a long time. "What shall I tell Melissa?" "Tell her what you want. She always knew where she stood." Jacob said callously. "You won't find her, Jake." Billy's wise eyes bored into Jacob as if he could see deep into his soul. Jacob stood up. "I have to go." He left the small redwood house where he had lived all his life and climbed into his truck. He turned on the engine and drove away. He never looked back. In a small nameless town in Texas, Bella finally stopped. She was low on money and needed to find a job, any job so she could save and continue her road trip to nowhere. She found a job in the local diner as a waitress and did all the shifts that they would allow her. She slept in her truck and used the diner's facilities to wash and freshen up before each days shift began. Bella had been there for almost a month before her life was to be turned upside down and she was forced to feel again. The loud pinging of the doors leading into the diner made her rush out to serve the first customer of the day. She was just pulling back her hair into a sloppy ponytail and tying her apron around her waist, when she raised her head and found herself looking straight into the dark eyes of Jacob Black. A/N-thanks for reading!