I looked over, raising an eyebrow but Bella spoke before I could. "Was that the boy I sat next to in Biology?" Bella said innocently. I began to snicker and had to drop behind a bit to keep from giving her away. "Yes," Mike said, glancing back at me so that I had to pretend to be having a coughing fit. "he looked like he was in pain or something…. Are you ok, Swan?" "Peachy." I choked. He turned back to Bella, looking at her expectantly. It took her a moment to remember. "Oh… I don't know. I… I never spoke to him." She shrugged helplessly, looking back at me. I just shrugged: we had reached the locker room and I knew I could ask her about it when we were alone. "He's a weird guy." Mike said, obviously stalling. Bella had to stop in the doorway to keep from being rude and I of course was stuck behind them. Not that Mike even seemed to notice I was there. "If I were lucky enough to sit by you, I would have talked to you." Are you serious. Bella smiled awkwardly and slipped into the locker room. I turned to look at Mike skeptically. "What?" He asked, looking offended. I frowned, not sure I wanted to openly admit that he wasn't good enough for the sister of Genny Swan. Another thought, just as bad, saved me. "Would yoooooou be willing to help me out with something?" "What? Help you?" Mike looked completely confused. I don't know that we'd ever talked before. "Bella sucks at moving." I told him. "Well, that's not—" "No, ask her: she's horrible at sports. " I hissed urgently. "And she is going to humiliate herself if we don't help her." "Ok. So…" Mike didn't seem to know what to do about that. "If you're on her team, don't let her get the ball!" "Oh." "And she will thank you." "Oh." He looked suspicious. "Just do it." I sighed and then I swooped off into an empty locker room. Unfortunately, I couldn't ask Isabella anything: I'd forgotten she didn't have a uniform. I found her in the gym sitting on the bleachers with her folded uniform beside her. Well, that's one class taken care of, I supposed. I gave her a quizzical look and mouthed, "Ok?" She shrugged. I raised an eyebrow. She gave me a thumbs up and an eye roll. I laughed. Gym went pretty well. Mike and I were on the same team and he was actual pretty decent at volleyball. We won every game, partly thanks to Jessica staring distractedly at us: though as this was because Mike kept asking me questions about Bella, it didn't give us too much of an advantage. Winning gave me enough endorphins that I didn't mind their obsession with her quite as much and when class was over I promised to meet her after school before I ran off to practice. "You sure?" She asked after school, following me back to the main office. "Won't you be late?" "Coach always goes out for a sandwich before practice." I told her. And I need to hear your story about Ed—" We walked into the office and I finished in a quieter voice as I realized…. "ward. Oh." He was already in the office. He turned back to look at us in a panic. The receptionist called him back, her face pink. "I'm sorry but it's just too far in the year. And all the other Biology's are full." What. I turned to look at Bella: she was staring at the floor. My eyes narrowed and I glared over at Edward, he stared right back. I put an arm around my sister and scowled at him; how dare he? As if everyone else wasn't bad enough, staring at her; what could she possibly have done to deserve his look of hatred? "Never mind, then, I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." Still glaring right back at me, he walked quickly toward the door and fled past us. "What a dick." I muttered to my sister. She nodded meekly and walked over to the desk to speak with the receptionist. I turned to glare out the glass of the door but Edward was gone. "Dick." I repeated. "Language, Swan." Mr. Jesse commented drily, appearing behind me with a stack of papers and his glasses askew. "Oh. No." I said. "I was thinking about… " I waved a hand about distractedly toward where I'd last seen Cullen. "about my friend, Dick. Richard." "Richard." Mr. Jesse repeated doubtfully. "Richard Edwards." I said earnestly, glancing over as Isabella started walking back. Mr. Jesse shrugged and shook his head, not caring enough to yell at me any more. "Hey, Gen." Bella said quietly as I opened the door for her. "You alright? I'm gonna head back." I told her. "I'm fine." She looked about to cry. "Really." "You're a terrible liar." I told her lightly. She smiled weakly. "I know." "Ha." I said. We stood awkwardly for a bit. "Well, I'll see you." I said finally. "Bye." She said. "Yeah." I said lamely. I watched her walk away, feeling a bit of an idiot. Only person in the world I can't carry on a normal conversation with and she's my twin sister. Figures. Then again, that's just Bella. On a different wavelength, in a different world. I suppose I should just be happy she hasn't embarrassed me. I turned away and kicked at the ground. Why did everyone have to like her so much though? I'd been living here for ages and half of them never even looked at me, even at my games. As I walked back to the gym, as I practiced, as I laughed with my teammates, as I drove home I found myself focusing more on more on one particular question, even as I scolded my selfishness… What was so interesting about Isabella Swan?