the first time he had witnessed Bella's cloying relationship with Cullen with his own eyes, and he had finally seen his father's point of view. The dude was a controlling ass. He had glared at Jacob angrily, boring holes into him with his laser like stare. Bella, looking so pretty and bright, had wilted under Edward's fierce glare, forcing herself to brush Jacob off in case it upset her boyfriend. Bella was unaware of Jacob's thoughts. She was getting ready to leave again. She was full of confusion. What was happening? Perhaps she was in a coma or something? She put her hand to her temple. "I better go. Thanks for the water." She mustered up a smile as she tried to rise. Her vision swam and everything went black. "Stay still." Bella moaned softly as she opened her eyes again. She found Billy Black peering down at her in concern. Behind him stood Jacob, his dark eyes clouded with worry and confusion. When he saw that she had come around a beautiful sunny smile lit up his face. "Do you know where you are, Bella?" Billy asked, interrupting her reverie. "La Push." Bella mumbled. Her throat was dry. "Yes." Billy nodded, smiling. The smile eased the worry lines in his face. He looked more like his son then. He sat back in his wheelchair to give Bella room to sit up. "Son, go get Bella some water." Jacob didn't move. He seemed in a daze. Billy huffed under his breath and rolled his chair into the kitchen to get the water himself. Jacob took his father's spot beside Bella. "You gave me a scare." He mock scolded her. He took her hand, fumbling with her fingers. "I'm sorry." Bella sniffled. She let Jacob help her rise into a sitting position. "I don't know what happened." "You fainted." Jacob filled in the blanks for her. "Oh, I'm so…" "If you say sorry again I'll…." Jacob laughed, rolling his eyes as he couldn't think of anything threatening to say. He was rewarded with an answering smile from Bella and he glowed with happiness. "It was probably that knock on the head." "Yes." Bella was still confused. Nothing was making sense. It was hard to distinguish what was real and what was not. Billy had returned with the water. She thanked him, chugging the cold liquid down quickly. "I've called Charlie." Billy revealed. Bella paled. "Oh." She wasn't sure what she was supposed to say to her dad. Billy ordered Jacob to go and fetch a blanket for Bella. Jacob reluctantly obliged. When they were alone Billy gazed at Bella, brow furrowed. "Jake told me about your break up. Is this true?" He knew. Billy knew it all. Bella wasn't used to discussing the Cullen's with anyone. Especially with someone who knew what they were. The atmosphere became tense. "Edward's gone." It was painful uttering his name. Bella inhaled sharply. "They're all gone." Billy couldn't contain his surprise, nor did he bother hiding his relief at this unexpected news. "I see. It's for the best." "At least Sam Uley didn't need to waste his time looking for me." Bella was dazed. She didn't hear Billy's gasp. She felt so drained. She wondered when she was going to wake up to the reality of Victoria slitting her throat. Tears pricked at her eyes again. "Why would you mention Sam?" Billy demanded. Bella rubbed her aching temples. "He was the one to find me." She rambled on again, forgetting that it hadn't actually happened in this dream. "Find you?" Billy prompted her. "With his wolf senses he could track me easily. I owe…." Billy's face was leached of all colour. He glanced behind him to make sure his son was still out of the room. Then he leaned forward, whispering. "Did the Cullen's tell you about Sam?" He questioned sharply. Bella rubbed her face and gazed at Billy tiredly. "No, Jacob did." She was lost in past memories again, reliving Jacob's agony as he tried to communicate to her what he had become, fearful of rejection because he saw himself as a monster. "You can't keep this from him. It isn't fair." Her mind suddenly came into focus. Billy's dark eyes were full of fear. "He was so hurt that you kept him in the dark. They all suffered needlessly because of it." She gulped, trying to hold back the ever present tears. "So much suffering could have been avoided." She paused, gasping for breath again as she suddenly grabbed hold of Billy's shirt, fingers shaking with trepidation. "Harry….he died. Leah changed… he had a heart attack because of it. You need to st…" "Harry died…." Jacob was back, the blanket he had gone to fetch hung loosely in his grip. He stared at his father and Bella, eyes round with horror. "No." Billy took a second to recover. He swallowed, turning away from Bella and trying to compose his features. "Bella is still confused. Aren't you?" He glanced at her, pleading. "Yes." Bella eventually agreed. She sank back and put her head in her hands. "We can't wait for Charlie. We need to drive Bella over to the Clearwater's. Sue can check her over." Billy continued hurriedly. "Shouldn't we take her to the hospital instead?" Jacob asked, confused. "Sue will do. Get the keys to the truck. You can drive." Billy cut off anymore attempts at conversation. Jacob frowned, obviously not happy. Billy watched his son slope off toward the kitchen to grab the keys. "Now Bella, you have to promise me to keep quiet. Jake cannot hear any of this, okay." "More secrets." Bella whispered sadly. "I don't pretend to know how you know so much, or why you are saying those things about Harry, but until we can talk some more then you have to stay quiet." Billy said desperately. "It was staying quiet that killed me." Bella replied hopelessly. She gazed at Billy in anguish. "Help me." A/N-thanks for reading!