do it," she says. "We'll see, Brandon." }ACH{ August 28th, 2015 6:17 pm We make it to Omaha much quicker than I expect, so Alice and I visit the outdoor mall, where Alice buys a few clothing items, and I cave and buy a few things, too. We eat at the food court for dinner before heading to the botanical gardens, which surprisingly don't close until eight. On our way over, Alice spots a tattoo shop and demands that we go once we are done at the gardens. I agree, although I am skeptical that I'm getting pierced tonight. At the gardens, Alice fawn over the beautiful plants and flowers and all the butterflies while I snap pictures of whatever I think looks good. I get a few of Alice standing amongst foliage, darkened by the rays of the setting sun that are shining in through the glass panes that make up the walls. I remind myself to go through these once I get to Boston so I'll be able to print out all the good ones and post them up in our dorm. Once the botanical gardens closed, I drive over to the tattoo shop Alice had pointed out and park after making sure it is still open. Alice leads me in by the hand, and we are greeted by a man and a woman who are hanging out behind the front counter. "Hey, what can we help you ladies with?" the guy asks. He is a little older, with a greying beard and mustache and crinkles around his eyes. Both arms are covered in tattoos and the smile on his face is warm and friendly. "We wanna get our nipples pierced," Alice tells him. The guy throws a thumb at the girl beside him who is younger than him, but definitely older than Alice and me. She also has several tattoos and several piercings in different areas of her body. "This is your gal." The woman smiles and lifts the partition of the counter, allowing Alice and me to step through to the main part of the shop. "Follow me," she says. Alice and I trail behind her as she leads us to a room in the back that has drawers lining the walls, a seat in the center, and a rolling cart, much like ones they have in hospitals. "Both of you are getting them done?" she asks, donning a pair of latex gloves. We both nod as Alice takes a seat first. "One or both, sweetie?" "Both," Alice says, before pulling her shirt over her head. Alice is already bare underneath, since she rarely ever wears a bra, especially in the summer time. She can get away with not wearing one, since her small A-cups are perfectly perky and look great in whatever she wore. I am not as fortunate. Even though my boobs are plenty perky, thanks to wonderful genes, my full D's are much larger than Alice's. She has told me on several occasions that I can go without a bra, and I do when it is just her and me, but I typically put one on if I am going to be out in public for an extended period of time. The woman asks Alice if she wants barbells or hoops, and Alice answers barbells. She quickly sterilizes the area before placing the clamps, which Alice winces at, and opening the needle and jewelry. The woman is quick and sure in her movements, steadily piercing the needle through Alice's skin and swapping the jewelry out in its place. To do both sides, it takes her probably about a minute total, which is very impressive. Alice quickly throws her shirt back on and bounces up, motioning for me to take her place. I am really surprised that they didn't ask for ID, but I know I definitely look older than eighteen. Alice may be questionable, but I'm sure the piercings in her face make people think she is at least her age. I sit in the chair and remove my top and my bra as I tell the woman that I want barbells, as well. She just nods and goes through the motions again, putting on a new pair of gloves before wiping me down and clamping the area off. I wince, as Alice had, and wince again as the needle passes through. The second one definitely hurts more than the first, since my adrenaline has warn off by the time she gets to the second one. Within five minutes, both Alice and I are clothed and paying forty bucks a piece. We quickly thank the two and they wave goodbye as they bid us a goodnight. Since it is still early, and Alice and I are still on an adrenaline rush, we decide to keep driving on into Iowa, since it will cut back on our drive tomorrow, and we'll be able to spend more time in Chicago. I take over at the wheel and have Alice text Charlie that we are going to be stopping later than expected. After about a two and a half hour drive, we arrive in Des Moines, Iowa and decide to call it a night. We settle down in a hotel and decide to leave around seven the next morning. At this rate, we'll be in Chicago by one o'clock tomorrow afternoon. So, how are we feeling so far? Any suggestions, comments, concerns? I read each and every review, and I will try to respond to all of them this time around. I know I was really bad with that for ATRM, and I apologize. As always, I love hearing from you guys! Even if it's to tell me you think this sucks. I literally appreciate all comments. Seriously. Please review. Alright! I plan to have the next chapter up by the end of the weekend. Maybe sooner if you bless me with reviews. I'm a very praise-motivated person. Not even gonna lie. Until next time, lovelies!