"Wow. So this party it's a big deal." "Yeah its a small town so they make these kinds of things big. Carlisle is getting top honor tonight for his rescue efforts from a bus accident that happened in La Push earlier this year." "That doesn't sound good." "Nope, it was the elementary school here and there sharing a bus for a field trip, the bus hit a rock and tipped over. Three kids died from injuries and several others were in critical condition." "Wow, that had to have been devastating." I remarked. "Yeah it was really bad. Anyway it will be fun I guess, I love parties plus Esme and I kind of planned most of it." "I know I don't have to but i might just have to go, you know for my uncle and well for something to do." "Do you have a tux?" She questioned. I gave her a weary look. "I'll ask my aunt." "Well then Mr. McCarty I look forward to seeing you tonight at the reception. I am positive your aunt will be over the moon." Her quirky way of talking almost made me laugh and for a moment I almost forgot about all the problems in my life. I almost forgot about Siobhan. That afternoon I arrived at the house to find Esme humming in the kitchen and Carlisle nowhere to be found. Alice had music blasting upstairs and Edward was sitting at the table reading a text book. "Esme?" She turned around to face me a small smile playing on her lips. "Yes dear?" "I need a tux." I told her, I didn't like the idea of taking things from them but I felt the need to go to this party and I have no idea why. A small fire sat in my stomach thinking about it and not the bad kind of fire. "For what?" She asked a coy smile appearing. "He wants to go to the reception to support dad." Edward said as if he had been sitting with us at lunch. "You know you don't have to go right, everyone will understand." "I know but I want to go, and my friend said I need to wear a tux." "Rosalie didn't trick you did she?" Esme questioned. "No she told me about the bus accident and the honor thing and I think it's pretty nice of them to give that to him." "Alright, I will get your measurements and send for one. Follow me." I turned to follow her out of the room and saw Edward shake his head. She took the measurements and called a friend. Within two hours the tux had arrived and she was making sure it fit me properly. I was finally finished getting dressed and ventured over to Alice's room where I could still hear music blasting. I think she was playing Lana Del Rey. I knocked on the door, the music lowered and she swung the door open. "Emmett." She said. "Hey, what have you been doing that requires such blasting music?" "Oh I am sorry I can turn it down." She apologized. "No it's okay, what is that smell?" I questioned turning my nose up a bit. "My straighter burnt my hairbrush, I am trying to get ready for tonight and I accidently sat it down in the wrong spot in my hurry to finish my hair. Hey since you're here you can help." She said dragging me into the melted plastic smelling room. "Help? With what?" "Rose said she can't come over and help me pick a dress, said she's too busy getting herself ready not that she needs preparation she's pretty no matter what, and Bella has no sense of style so I need you to help." "I don't know who Bella is but I am sure she would be way better than me at this." I laughed a little nervously. "Fine, Pink, blue or red?" "Pink." I backed up until I hit the door. "Perfect thank you, you can escape now." With that I hurried back down the stairs. I made it to the kitchen and sat down beside my uncle. Esme was sitting across from us sewing something. "Remind me to never ask her what she is doing." The chuckled and looked up at me. "Sorry, we should have warned you." We decided to take separate cars me stuck with Alice in her yellow Porsche. After what seemed like forever but was really only 10 minutes we arrived at the town hall. A part of me was regretting the decision to come here tonight, that fear was only made worse when we got inside and saw the dance floor and twinkle lights. Alice veered off to a brunette wearing a blue dress and a leg cast. I caught sight of my Aunt and started to make my way over to her when I looked to the left I saw her, in all her glory. Blonde hair pinned up in a messy but classy up-do, long legs protruding from an amazing tight red cocktail dress, and mile high shoes. She was talking animatedly with a few older people I didn't recognize. Next thing I knew my aunt was beside me. "She looks amazing doesn't she?" "Extremely." I answered. And for the second time since coming to Forks Washington all the way from my little hometown Monroe Tennessee I forgot all about my problems, I forgot my parents were dead, I forgot my girlfriend Siobhan the girl I thought I was going to spend forever with, and most of all I forgot my own name. TBC- Thank you to everyone who is reading this, I hope you enjoy it. This is my first story that is strictly from a male perspective. Now lets see who wants to see more from Emmett's mind, what is gonna happen with Siobhan? Will he ever go back home to TN? Does he decided to date the Mayor's daughter? Only time will tell. Emmybaby xoxo