didn't dare speak and simply nodded slowly. Him having a bleeding human in the car and maintaining control gave me pride. I focused on my positive peaceful emotions as well as courage, pride, and love. "Alice," Jazz said warningly about halfway to the hospital letting me know that his control was reaching its limits. We didn't have much time left. Just then Carlisle's car was in view. Pull over , I commanded Edward. "Jazz, please drive Carlisle's car. I'll meet you in the hospital garage." He nodded gratefully and sprinted into the driver's seat while Edward and Carlisle came to me. Fortunately we were on a stretch of the road where there would be no witnesses for our inhuman behaviour. Jasper's face filled with relief as he got into Carlisle's car. "Edward, up front," I insisted. He went to object, but must have changed his mind because he slid into the driver's seat. Carlisle got into the back with his medical bag and started working on Bella. As Edward drove the three of us debated what to do about Bella. Carlisle believed her to be stable, I didn't want to take the risk and suggested we change her, and there were our neighbouring wolves to consider. Edward seemed torn, but ultimately chose to stick with their plan of getting married and going away to college before changing Bella. This was what Edward wanted, but what Edward wants isn't always for the best. Unfortunately, I was not yet calm enough to be able to search the future and a decision was needed. Carlisle took out his phone and called the hospital explaining the emergency, so that when Edward pulled up to the front door 2.6 minutes later they were ready to take her. Almost certainly I had never seen Edward drive faster. As they walked away from the car, Carlisle gave instructions to the staff. Lots of test by the sound of it. And just like that no one was in the car beside myself. Unscrupulously responsible was what it meant to be a Cullen. Needing to appear human in this settling, I got in the driver's seat, went round to the garage to find Jazz, parked the car, and bounded towards him at a human pace. He enveloped me in a feeling of tranquillity. In response, I jumped up and wrapped my legs around his waist kissing him strongly and passionately needing to reconnect to reality. When my gift pulled at me past, present, and future became muddled. It made moments, these moments even more precious. This wasn't a vision. It wasn't the future. It wasn't a could have been. It was real. "Shhh June bug. You're okay. I've got you," my major reassured me, yet he did not siphon off any of my anger. "Want to talk about it?" he asked softly into my ear. "He should have changed her. The wolf wouldn't have given her to us if changing her would have caused a war." My tone was desperate and full of my fears. Jazz tilted his head as if to ask why Edward hadn't changed her. "Because of his backward human ideas. He's trying to keep her human as long as possible." "Still?" he asked with an exasperation like will he never learn. "Once again he's letting his ideas trump and Carlisle's agreeing," I complained. "What is ahead?" "I haven't been calm enough to look yet," I admitted. "May I help?" I nodded as I stared into the eyes that righted the world and made his words true while he gave me the calmness he had and I told him, "You did real well Jazz. I'm proud of you." "Well, shucks, thanks, ma'am," he responded in his thick Texas southern drawl teasingly. I stared into his eyes some more. "Let's go home. You drive. I'll text Edward and let him know. You okay in the Volvo?" "I'd rather not chance it," he answered. "You did great." Kissing him I went back to the Volvo placing the keys in the centre consol and then pulled out my phone while we walked back to the Mercedes. Too much excitement for J. Left the Volvo. Key in centre consol. Heading home. Call if you need anything. Jazz's hand was in mine while he drove us home with the other. We sat together in silence expressing ourselves through our emotional temperature. When Jazz was more settled and the atmosphere was calm enough I steadied myself and looked into the future. Purposefully looking has always been a tricky business because the future is made up of thousands upon thousands of decisions. In the beginning when I looked in this way my mind had been flooded with too many possibilities. Learning how to sort and narrow had been gruelling. It was such a reflex now that perhaps even Edward might not see the sorting process. Searching for the future where Bella woke up told me that there was a good chance of that happening. There were some flashes of a man in a doctor's coat that didn't make sense, but in one he was at the end of Bella's bed writing notes, so I assumed he would be her primary doctor. I checked the farther future and Bella as a newborn was still there. Relief filled me. She would wake up. Now the present just needed to catch up to the vision. A/N: I want to state from the beginning that this story would not be possible without the encouragement and mentorship of Jessica314. I am also appreciative to Haemophilus Leona for talking through character development with me, kiwihipp's unending feedback and support through My Family is Odd, which helped strengthen this story, EdwardsMate4ever for her continuous support through My Family is Odd, and Pixiestick-cc ' s writing critics which helped me find a way to speak from four different voices. No writer is an island. I am grateful to have found such incredible writers and fans. I hope you enjoy this story.