slow song came to an end. Jacob sighed, opened his eyes and raised his head. He wished he hadn't. In the distance he saw the vamp doctor and Edward Cullen approaching. He couldn't stop the low growl rumbling in his chest. It disturbed Bella out of her daydream. She had been blissed out pressed against his hot body. She reluctantly opened her eyes and looked up at his face. He was scowling. "What is it?" "Trouble." Jacob looked into her eyes. He saw a sliver of panic flicker in them for a moment before it disappeared. He tried to read what she was thinking. Was she beginning to remember? He wished he had taken her out of there rather than hanging around, but he hadn't been thinking straight at the time. "Bella." Edward said softly when he reached them. "You should be resting. I didn't realise you had come outside." His eyes were hard as he glared at Jacob. "He shouldn't have risked your health by bringing you out here." The whiner was back. Bella felt Jacob trying to pull her behind him but she resisted. She didn't need defending from this white faced loser. She could look after herself. "What I do is none of your business. So run along." She motioned for him to go away. "My boyfriend is taking good care of me." Bella held onto Jacob's arm and glanced up at him. His scowl had deepened. "He is not your boyfriend." Edward replied testily. Carlisle decided to take over. He could see his adopted son was getting overwrought. "You are suffering a mild concussion, my dear. Jacob was the last person you danced with before you knocked your head, giving you temporary amnesia. I think this has confused things. Edward is your husband. This is your wedding reception." "You're lying." Bella declared stoutly. "Jake, tell them." She gazed at him trustingly. Jacob wanted to punch the smug doctor in the face. He and Edward had ambushed him deliberately. He wanted to tell Bella that they were liars, that he really was her boyfriend, not just her best friend who had no claim on her whatsoever. His fingers trembled slightly as he fought the urge to phase and rip Cullen's head off. "I am a boy and a friend. So that makes me your boyfriend." "That's just a play on words." Edward sneered. "He's using this situation to his own advantage. He's manipulating you, Bella." "You're one to talk about manipulation." Jacob snapped as he began to lose his cool. "Please, calm down." Carlisle begged. They were beginning to attract attention. "So, we're not together." Bella whispered falteringly as she stared up at Jacob. "We are, kinda." Jacob said desperately. "At least I want to be." He reached out to cup her cheek but she took a step back from him. "Bells, don't…" "I need to be alone." Bella said miserably as she turned and walked away in the opposite direction. Edward tried to follow her as did Jacob, but Carlisle got in their way. "Perhaps we should let her have that space." He suggested. "She's emotionally fragile right now and pushing her too far could have long term effects. And none of us want that now, do we." He warned them. Bella headed toward the deserted summer house at the back of the huge palatial gardens. It was hidden under the shadows of a grove of tall trees. The sounds of the party were diluted here. It felt peaceful. She sat down on one of the white marble benches and propped her chin in her hands. She was going to have to face her disappointment now. She knew in the back of her mind that she was the bride. But she had tried to deny it. As soon as she had clapped eyes on Jacob she had known he was someone special to her. She had managed to convince herself that he was her guy. But he wasn't. She was Mrs, Edward….whatever. Bella took her hands away from her chin and held them up in front of her. There was the confirmation. The heavy diamond engagement and wedding rings adorning the third finger of her left hand weighed her down. Jeez, they were ugly things. She slipped them off her thin finger and hid them under the bench. Out of sight, out of mind, right? "I saw you come here." A petite young girl with a cap of short black hair came out of nowhere. She danced to Bella's side. She was dressed in a silky red gown with ornate embroidery on the bodice. This had to be the bridesmaid. "Hello." Bella greeted this new arrival cautiously. "Alice." The bridesmaid held out her hand. Bella shook it gingerly, wincing at the icy cold feel of the girl's fingers. "Do you have bad circulation?" She asked. Alice giggled. "No just visions." "Visions." Bella echoed dubiously. "Are you a fortune teller?" "In a way." Alice smiled teasingly. "Would you like me to tell you what I see?" "Okay." Bella agreed uneasily. Alice opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted by another figure emerging from the shadows. Her mouth clamped shut as the most stunning girl Bella had ever seen floated into view. Her long blonde hair was held up with a simple diamond clasp. Curly tendrils framed her perfect face. She was very beautiful but her eyes were hard. "Still causing drama, Bella." She smiled sardonically. "Still stirring, Alice." "I am not stirring, Rosalie." Alice denied petulantly. "I am just looking out for Bella. What do you want?" "Nothing." Rosalie said airily as she turned her piercing gaze onto Bella. "I would run if I were you, sweetheart." She sneered. Bella had no idea what Rosalie was referring to, but her advice seemed sound. She got up from the bench and hastily left the summer house. In the distance she could hear the two girls arguing but couldn't make out what was being said. A/N-thanks for reading!