held accountable, if she was taken against her will . Do you understand?" I nodded. I did not like it, but I saw her point. "Now, listen carefully," she said, leaning forward. "The day Bela is to leave for Yakub's mansion, she will first stop at the Dargah of Salim Chisti, at Fatehpur. That is where you must act." I narrowed my eyes, making quick mental alterations to the plan I had earlier devised. It would be risky, more so because the Dargah was situated so close to the Imperial palace. However, if it was my best chance to spirit her away from that brute, and from this life... I nodded and smiled. "I will. And I hope to have her away and safe without any impediments." I grasped her hand in both of mine. "I will never be able to thank you enough for your help." She smiled a little wryly. "Just keep my niece safe and happy. She deserves more than she will ever get here. She deserves a lifetime of love." "You have my word," I promised, standing. With one last smile, I swiftly walked out into the courtyard, passed through the garden, and stepped out of the gates of the mansion I would never enter again. .._.. 7 May, 1582 We seem to be traversing a path composed entirely of potholes, and the dust is once again my faithful travelling companion. The sun has been high this past hour or more; the mounting heat will make travelling particularly unpleasant very soon. Despite these discomforts, and the uncertainties of my situation, I find myself remarkably calm. I did not know my own self; that is the truth. After I met Gul-naar, it was as though the angels themselves smoothed my path. It was not difficult for me to arrange to leave Agra for a few weeks. I claimed a desire to study texts at the Imperial library at Delhi, and the good Fathers of our Mission gladly acquiesced. My plan was simple, and it only took me a day or so to have everything at the ready. Last night, I reached Fatehpur, to take my leave of the Emperor, and through some dissembling, to gain access to his signed firmans, which will be my passport to cross the borders of his Empire unimpeded. He was gracious as ever, and has unknowingly gifted me with the keys to mine and Bella's freedom. So keen was I to see my Bella once again, that I sat in wait outside the Dargah from well before midnight. It was as well, for in this native attire and shrouded by my cloak, I was able to blend in easily with the kind of occasional contemplative devotee, who spends hours in meditative silence (or perhaps sleep), huddled in the alcoves of the sandstone pavilion surrounding this structure. I will not lie; I have for long been strongly opposed to Sufi practices simply because of their affiliation with Islam. But last night, waiting for my love, with the haunting songs of their ecstatic devotion permeating the air, I could not stay unmoved. As though answering my prayers, she entered the hospice at earliest dawn, her luminous beauty impossible to miss even in that dim twilight. It was still so dark that she did not notice as I followed her, and waited while she prayed in the women's enclosure. The shadows hid me well, and the moment she walked back into the courtyard, I had her. The sponge soaked in opiate worked as it should, and she was limp in my arms within moments. There were no witnesses, and no one to raise an alarm. Then it was just a matter of exiting from the small side door, where my cart waited, as arranged. I doubt if my driver will question my story of an ailing wife seeking the saint's blessings. He has so far shown himself to be a phlegmatic fellow, not very talkative. We have made good time and are now close to Delhi, following the route I had originally proposed to the Jesuit Fathers. I will not tarry here, though. The danger is not yet past. As soon as Bella wakens, we will continue northwards—the farther from Agra, the better. I look down now at her sleeping figure and am wonderstruck. Today she is wrapped up in a drab, dark cloak, her fine hair is covered and there are no ornaments, bar the simple nose-pin that draws attention to the fineness of her features. With her by my side, the future holds no fear. However, I do fear Bella's reaction, when she wakes and sees me for who I am. I did not have any way to alert her to the strategy her aunt and I had devised. Will she hate me for abducting her? Will she recognise that I am no better than Jacob, for taking what I want? Will she still want me, and walk with me on this uncertain path? My hopes are pinned on this last possibility, for I cannot survive letting her go again. She has changed me; or perhaps she has merely uncovered my real nature. I am willing to repudiate any religion, any authority that keeps me from her. Bella is my truth. She is my devotion. She is my ibadat. .._.. Hindavi: Early form of Hindi, blending elements of Arabic and Persian with local North Indian dialects. Kotwal : Medieval Indian version of a policeman. Sarai : Rest houses, located at regular intervals along the major routes. Zenana : The women's part of the house. Only men from their families were allowed in. Azaan : The call for prayers, usually from the top of one of the towers of a mosque. Firman : A royal order, bearing the seal of the Emperor. Hookah : A smoking instrument where tobacco (or cannabis or any other substance) is vaporised and smoke passes through water before inhalation. It became popular in the Mughal Empire during Akbar's reign.