Bending low, I placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, wishing I could cry; her death deserved fanfare and a twenty-one gun salute, not dry eyes. I grasped her upper arms and pulled. I felt her right shoulder snap in my grip before she was free of the wood. She closed her eyes, bit her lip and inhaled sharply but made no sound. The smell of blood became overwhelming and tore into my lungs. One side of her mouth curled up in a half-smile before her head tilted to the side, and her eyes went blank. The disaster went on around me, but everything inside went quiet and still. Sounds were muffled and echoed, like I was underwater. I sat alone, breathing in the scents of blood and destruction mingled with her gentle floral sweetness. My hand shook as I reached out and closed her eyes. The rescuers were back, shouting through the hole above me. I looked up, wondering how they could possibly still be functioning. Didn't they know someone extraordinary had died? "Edward," Carlisle called from the hole. "Are you okay?" I peered up at him, cocking my head, but not figuring out how to respond. I turned back to her and simply stared, trying to understand how she'd gone from being alive one minute to dead the next. A tiny part of my brain realized this wasn't rational; I'd been around death countless times. "Edward, look at me, son," he ordered. I rubbed my finger gently across her cheek. Edward! You're in shock of some kind. Nod if you can hear me. I nodded, but I didn't look at him. I'll send the rest of them away, and you can jump up to me. Do you understand? He talked to me in that overly-cautious doctor's voice he reserved for trauma victims. Is that was this was? Had I been involved in a trauma? "I won't leave her, Carlisle. She deserved better," I whispered, knowing he could hear me. I knew I was being irrational. This was a young woman I didn't know; I'd barely spoken to her, but I had to do the right thing for her. "Edward, I'll make sure they take good care of her, but right now you have to come up here. There are survivors. I can help them, but I need you with me. I need to know you're okay." He was speaking vocally and it wasn't his words, but his tone that snapped me out of my reverie. If we'd gotten out, she would be the first one running into those buildings looking for survivors. She couldn't help them, but I could. Reaching out, I brushed a stray lock from her cheek. As I walked, the debris shifted under my feet, but it didn't take long to reach the front wall. Carlisle claimed to hear someone calling from the building next door. When the rescuers went to see, I scaled the wall and shimmied out of the tiny doorway hole. After the tight confines of the basement, the street felt open and exposed, and I wrapped my arms around myself and sat down on the cracked pavement. With disbelieving eyes, I looked right and left, surveying the damage that extended as far as my vampiric eyes could see. Great sections of Fourth Avenue seemed to have fallen a dozen feet or more, with one side of the street sinking into the earth. The death and destruction weighed on me, and I lowered my head to my knees. Carlisle crouched beside me for a few seconds, giving me the reassurance of his presence, but not pressing. I didn't stop him when he ran off toward a man they had just pulled from a collapsed two-story building down the block. My conscience wouldn't allow me to sit and wallow when there were so many people in need, and when I showed up at Carlisle's side, he gave me a nod. We worked all through the night, going from building to building, searching for survivors and caring for them. So many people shared the same shocked, vacant expression I knew I wore. By morning, searchers from other cities had arrived. While Carlisle and I would have preferred to keep going, we knew that it wouldn't look right to keep working without food or sleep. It was torture to pretend to choke down the soup and lie still for hours, knowing there were more people we could help. When the appropriate amount of time had passed, we went back out. Two more days came and went that way, until we decided there was enough help and we were beginning to attract attention. We managed to contact the trucking company and found out Carlisle's ultrasound machine was destroyed when the road buckled. Thankfully, the driver was safe, but the machine was a total loss. There was damage at the airport, so flying out was not an option. I bought us a shoddy car, and we left Anchorage with only the clothes on our backs. We had a map of the damaged areas of road, and with luck, we could get home in a matter of days. A few hours into the drive, I stopped in a small town, far enough from the damage path to know they still had phone service. Carlisle got out to top off the tankm and I walked to the pay phone across the lot. It took two rings before Alice picked up. She didn't have to speak, and we each waited with the connection open between us. "You saw." It wasn't a question. "I did, just before it happened, but I'm not sure I understand it all. Come home and tell me all about her." Well, we have a beginning. Chapter 2 is on the way. Raum has made me a lovely banner, and I'll put an address for it on my profile. I'll also add addresses for links with historical details on the earthquake and Bella's uniform. Thanks for reading!