"I want you to do that too. I love having your fingers inside me," I replied. "I thought you loved having my cock inside of you." "You're right, your cock is better, but I like to start with your fingers. Your dick is a lot to take without some initial prep work." "Then I better get to prepping. How about I lick your pussy while you suck me off?" "Ooo, promise?" "Most definitely. I gotta get you wet so that my dick will fit in that tight pussy." "I'm getting pretty wet now just thinking about it." Someone took that moment to knock on my door. "Hold on a minute. I have to get the door." I put the phone on the coffee table and ran to the door. The quicker I could get rid of whoever was interrupting my evening with Edward, the sooner I could get back to the good stuff. I jerked the door open and there was... "Edward!" I leapt into his arms. "What are you doing here?" "Phone sex just wasn't cutting it for me. I needed to see you." I smiled slyly as I leaned back to look up at him. "We could have Skyped." "I can't do this through the computer," he said before kissing me. He walked us backward into my apartment and kicked the door closed. He broke the kiss long enough to grip the back of my thighs and lift me up so I could wrap my legs around his waist. He began kissing me again as he started walking us to my bedroom. He crossed the threshold and lowered me to the ground. He kissed my forehead and said, "Just so you know, I expect to do everything that we were just talking about. I didn't just drive one hundred seventy-two miles for nothing." "All you want to do is sixty-nine? What a waste of gas!" I squealed with laughter as Edward threw me onto the bed. "Clothes off, woman," he demanded as he pulled his t-shirt over his head. "You have on my pants," I said as I crawled across the bed and knelt in front of him. "I love these pants." I unbuttoned the top button and licked my lips. The rest of the buttons came undone in rapid succession. I gasped when I realized that Edward had shown up at my apartment without a stitch of underwear on. "Commando?" "Do you like it?" "I like anything that results in you being naked and underneath me," I replied. "God, I love you," he said as he pulled my tank top over my head. "Fuck me now or lose me forever." "You sweet talker, you. Get those pants off and lick my clit...now." I took off my pants and threw them on the floor. I leaned back on my pillow and spread my legs. "You look... delicious," Edward said seconds before he buried his face in my pussy. My back arched as his fingers slid into me. I grabbed a handful of his hair and held on. "God, you are so good at this." Edward stopped and looked up at me. "Are you going to talk or are you going to lay back and enjoy it?" I pushed his head back down and shut my mouth. I began to writhe underneath him as I got closer to climax. My hand found his hair again. I groaned and Edward increased his pace with his fingers. I felt him curl them up and I lost control. "Jesus Fucking Christ!" I screamed as waves of my orgasm crashed through my body. Edward looked up at me and smiled. "Nope. Just little ole Edward Cullen." "Inside me... now!" I demanded. "You don't have to tell me twice." Edward crawled up my body and positioned himself at my entrance. "Ready?" he asked. I nodded. He started slow, like he always did, but I was too turned on to wait. I wrapped my legs around his thighs and pulled him into me. "Whoa," he said as he became fully sheathed inside of me. "Fuck, Bella, warn me next time." "Did I hurt you?" I asked. "No, but I almost lost it right then. You want this to last more than five seconds, don't you?" "A quickie for you is ten minutes, Edward." I pulled his face to mine and kissed him. We broke the kiss and I said, "What was it you said earlier? Fuck me now or lose me forever?" He smiled that crooked smile and replied, "You don't have to tell me twice." The End Thank you for reading. Leave me some love. Have a Little Faith has been nominated in the TwiFic Fandom Awards for Favorite My Emotions Fic and Favorite Undiscovered Gem. If you read the story and liked it, please go to the site and vote. twi (delete space) fic (delete space) fan (delete space) dom (delete space) a w a r d s (d o t ) c o m (back slash) p (back slash) v o t e Thank you Also, this will be the last story that I will post on this site. I'm sure that you noticed that The Truth According to Tumblr violates this site's terms of service as it contains explicit material. Many of my friends have been deleted and banned from this site for such content, which is between two consenting adults, while the administrators of this site allow incestuous stories, explicit rape fics, and stories involving blatant child sexual abuse to remain. The administrators of this site are catering to a small group of individuals who have made themselves the police of what you are allowed to read. Therefore, I cannot in good conscience continue to support the hypocrisy of this site. For future stories and any updates, I can be found at fictionpad. fic (delete space) tion (delete space) pad (d o t) c o m (back slash) author (back slash) nikkipattinson (back slash) stories Thank you for your support.