for nearly 4 years, we've been living together for 3, and he's the only man I've slept with. Ever. I'm 25, not 15, Bella's free to live her own life, not follow in my footsteps!" Dalton let her daughter out of his embrace and went to the kitchen. Joey remained standing. "Here's another kicker, Dalton and I are engaged!" she said, showing her the beautiful diamond ring on her finger. "Well, I should hope so!" Renee snapped. She was angry and disappointed in her eldest daughter. What example was she setting for Bella? Getting herself knocked up by this stranger, and now having to marry him because she was carrying his child! "Before you jump to that conclusion, we've been engaged for the last 2 years. I tried phoning you, but you didn't answer. I couldn't get off work to come and visit. I've tried many times to let you know, and in the past to get you to meet Dalton, but you just weren't interested. Why are you so surprised that I carried on with my life?" Joey sat down on the coffee table and sighed. "Does your father know?" Renee asked tiredly dreading the answer. Joey wouldn't meet her eyes. "Of course, he does. Dalton asked for his permission to marry me before asked me. Dad doesn't know I'm pregnant yet. If you looked closely then you'd see we're having twins. We were going up to Forks for Christmas like we do every year since you travel during that time, and give it to Dad. He loves Dalton in his quiet way. And will be happy for us." Renee didn't know what to feel. Bella sat quietly. She didn't know what to make of her sister. How could she be so careless when dealing with their sensitive mother? "Well, this put a damper on the happy reunion." Joey's fiancé drawled sarcastically. Joey gave a dry chuckle in response and took her coffee. "How far along are you?" Her mother asked after a moment of silence. Joey looked up and tried to gauge whether or not her mother was being sincere. "18 weeks. We were waiting to tell everyone after my first trimester was over and done with, just to be safe." She said quietly. "Would you like to come see the nursery and playroom we've started setting up?" Her sister asked quietly as if she wasn't sure her mother would want to see. Their mother gave a jerky nod and stood up. Bella followed suit as Joey lead the way up the stairs. "This is our room.." Joey motioned to her mother opening the door to their bedroom. All the furniture was a dark rich wood and with a dark forest green to match. The bed wasn't made, and she cringed slightly. She closed the door after her mother and sister peeked in. "And this is our pride and joy!" She said with confidence and opened up the biggest room in the house. The cradles were the main feature in the nursery with two ornate rocking chairs and changing tables and other baby furniture. It looked like something out of a magazine. "Oh wow!" was the breathy reply from her mother and sister. "The Akomish have been so helpful. They've all been doing their part and helped with whatever they could." Said Dalton proudly. He was very proud to be Akomish and loved that his community had stepped up the way they did. The carpenter had carved stunning Akomish designs on the cradles, symbols to ward off evil spirits, which both he and Joey didn't mind. It was a practice that was mostly forgotten until a baby arrived in the community. No one held any real belief in such things anymore, especially the younger generation, but it was part of their culture, and they were happy to stick to tradition. To Renee and Bella, there was little meaning to it. But Joey took it pretty seriously when the offer was made by the elderly carpenter. Later she reasoned that, if people such as themselves, the Conduits, existed then why not the supernatural? There was a reason long ago that these wards were made. Even he in his ceremony celebrating his ascent into manhood had his tattoo at the base of his skull, to ward off evil. Joey was to have hers done in the morning now that it was confirmed she was pregnant. It was a big moment to her who took his culture so seriously. If an outsider had to come in, they would assume she was one of the Akomish. She looked the part with her dark mahogany hair all the way down to her waist her tanned olive caramel skin and tattoos. It was her accent that gave her away. She'd lost most of it, but she switched between Russian and English so often that it sounded uniquely Joey. Renee interrupted his musings with a comment that caught his attention. "I was hoping that you would move back to Forks, and be with your sister. You know how she and your father don't get along..." Dammit! He knew there was more to this visit! Well, my lovelies I'm BACK! Here's a short taste of what I've been working on! Just a little note - my old account was deleted and I had fully intended to re-load my other stories onto this account, but my laptop pretty much went BOOM! before I could, so what's on this account is all I have left. I know my hearts broken too! So let me know how you feel about this one.. yes, no, maybe? I'm trying a new thing with this OC of jumping between a bit of a Mary-Sue and a Fiesty Badass.. I'm open to idea's and let me know what you think about Joey! My old Transformers One-shots are still here, they're in need of a revamp, going to run them through and see how bad my writing was way back in the day XD