part, there was no doubt in my mind that something fundamental had changed… within me, and between us. "Carlisle," I gasped. "Don't leave me. Don't ever leave me again." "Bella, what's the matter?" he soothed me, but I was too agitated to listen. "No matter what, this time you can't leave me, do you understand? Vampire or human, life or death, I need you with me, Carlisle." His eyes widened. "Vampire or… what do you…" "Am I your mate?" I countered. "How could you know? How could you guess?" he asked, his fingers moving gently along the skin of my neck. "It wasn't difficult, really," I confess. "One of my best friends is a vampire, so… I knew the moment I met you that you couldn't possibly be human." He blinked in disbelief. "You have a friend who's a vampire?" I nodded. "Alice. She sees things, sometimes. She's the one who insisted I come meet you today." "A seer?" He sounded more intrigued than anything else, which I took as a positive sign. I looked back, sighting my purse on the floor neat the outer door, where I had dropped it. Before I could think of walking back for it, he had fetched it for me. He even looked appealing as a blur. "Thanks," I smiled, pecking his lips and enjoying the look of delight that brought onto his face. Settling back into the chairs we had occupied just a short while before, I dug into my bag. "Umm, Alice said I should share this with you." He held his hand out expectantly for the slim diary I held tight to my chest. Despite Alice's assurances, I wasn't sure I wanted him to find out the kind of dreams I had been having about him. But he deserved to know… and so, after another moment of indecision, I loosened my death grip on the notebook, and held it out to him. "I've been having visions, dreams," I said. "Since the day I met you, a couple of weeks back. I'm sorry about the scratchy writing; I was usually still half asleep when I'd pen down everything I could remember about them." "Are they… unpleasant?" he asked, gesturing to the diary. I shook my head. "Read them." He looked a little unsure, but I could see his natural curiosity gaining ground. I couldn't hold back my grin. That was the Carlisle I knew and loved. Holy shit, I already loved him. Alice was going to freak. " We're at the old lake and he insists on swimming despite the chill in the air. He grabs my hand and pulls me closer, and in that moment I know I will do what he says. I've known him my whole life, but this is the first time I feel like I am actually seeing who he really is," he read. Even my dreams sounded better in his voice. " He is beautiful. I don't need to name this emotion. I have lived with it for years. This is the first time I dare to hope that he might feel it too. The idea thrills me and scares me equally ." He flipped a page. " It's a hazy day on the moors. I'm troubled, for my father wants me to marry. I can't say yes, but I don't know how to say no. And what about my love? What will he say? " I tried to calm my breathing, but it was difficult, for I knew that the dreams got progressively more emotional with every page. " I call him to meet me near the lake, in the cavern only we frequent. I know he is to accompany his father on a journey of some days to his uncle's parish. I know it is a matter of a few weeks, but I hate how much I will miss him. He rushes in, and even in my anger, I am soothed. He embraces me as though he will never let me go. Our kiss is more than our bodies can contain ." Carlisle stopped reading, and I was struck by his expression. He seemed shaken, his smooth forehead marked by confusion and disbelief. "How is this possible? How…?" I leaned over and turned to the last page, the dream I had last night. " I am bereft. He is gone, and none can say where. I have tried to find him, but beyond his cloak, tattered and torn, near the lake, I have found not one flaxen hair from his head. I have not eaten for days now, and I know my time is near. He used to laugh at me, saying I was melodramatic, but it is the way it is. There can be no Edward without Carlisle ." Carlisle went so still he could have been a statue. "Edward," he whispered, a heartbreaking sadness shrouding his brightness. "Carlisle," I said, cradling his face in my hands. "Look at me. Look at me, and say you don't know me. These dreams… they are memories aren't they… memories of our time together? Am I crazy for believing this, Carlisle?" He looked broken, desperate, and absolutely lost. But looking into my eyes, he became gradually less rigid. "How is this possible?" he murmured, eyes searching, yet hopeful. "How can you know all this? It can't be. I lost him when I was turned. When I managed to return home, he had died. I saw his grave." "I don't know about this Edward, but I am me, for sure. In my dreams, I have felt his love for you, and I know that is how I feel for you as well. Isn't that enough for now?" When he carefully drew me into his arms and finally kissed my lips, I felt an upsurge of emotion like nothing I'd ever experienced before. In that moment, I recognized exactly what I had been searching for all my life. It was him. Alice was going to be so smug.