she was really thinking and feeling. Of course he had sensed the change in her. He had seen it the first time he had confronted both her and Edward in the parking lot of the school after their return from an impromptu visit to her mother. He had seen the ambivalence in her eyes as she looked at Edward when he had denied lying to her for the umpteenth time. She was pulling away from the bloodsucker, and Jacob had felt she just needed a little push to get her to see Edward Cullen for what he was. "I have faced the truth." Bella raged at him. She stood up and sidestepped him when he tried to take her in his arms. "No don't touch me." Bella pushed past Jacob and turned her back on him. "I saw it all in Italy. I saw what it really meant to be a vampire. I saw innocent people...children..." She began to sob quietly as the little boys blue eyes came to the forefront of her mind. He had been so happy, she should have saved him, she should have done something, even if meant dying herself. Why had she listened to Edward? Why? She was a coward. A coward of the worst kind. She had allowed a child, a child to die, because she was too scared to speak up, to warn the tourists about the trap they were walking into. "I saw them walk to their deaths. I heard their dying screams." Tears ran down her face in a stream as she began to shake. "I relive it every night in my nightmares and I have to go through every day knowing what a coward I am. I didn't tell them, I failed to warn them to save my own sorry skin." There she had said it. Now Jacob would turn away from her. Now he knew what type of woman he had placed his trust in; given his heart to. He would be disgusted and she couldn't blame him. She was disgusted with herself. Jacob listened in horror to her confession. He had no idea she had witnessed this when she was in Italy. It was just another thing he added to the bloodsucker's tally. This was Cullen's fault. Bella should never have been forced to see something like that. No wonder she was having nightmares. Anyone would. She was wrong about one thing. There was nothing she could have done to prevent the deaths. She would have been killed herself for even trying. That thought made Jacob feel sick. He approached her cautiously and put a steadying hand on her shoulder. She still had her back to him. "Bells, I am sorry you had to see that. There was nothing you could have done. Nothing." "How can you continually forgive me, Jake?" Bella wiped at her face angrily. Her tears proved once again how weak she was. "I will never forgive myself." Jacob made her turn round to face him. He gazed down at her from his great height and sighed when he saw the utter despair in her beautiful brown eyes. They looked haunted, and he couldn't bear to see it. Jacob cupped her face in his hands and leaned down to kiss her. He half expected her to pull away and yell at him. But this time she didn't. She let his lips linger on hers for a long moment before he pulled back and studied her. Tears were pooling in Bella's eyes again, but she seemed a little calmer. Jacob took the initiative and kissed her again. She reciprocated slowly, her mouth moving with his uncertainly at first, until he felt her arms winding around his neck and her lithe body pressing against his. They ended up in his bedroom. It hadn't been intentional on either of their parts, but when Jacob had kissed her, something primal had been ignited between them. Something that they innately both needed and wanted. It wasn't just a question of desire. It was more than that. It always had been. Jacob knew that he and Bella shared a deep connection. It had nothing to do with imprinting, it was something unique to them. Call it soul mates, fate or just destiny, but he had always been certain that they belonged together. That was why he had never given up on her, although he had been warned many times to do so. For Bella it was different. For her it was a culmination of all her hitherto hidden feelings, some that she had only just begun to acknowledge herself. It had started the moment Jacob had tried to kiss her in the kitchen before she left for Italy. It had grown while she was on the plane flying away from the boy she had been falling in love with. It had become more obvious the whole time she was in Florida visiting her mother as she spoke about nothing but Jacob to Renee the entire time; even though Edward was the one who had accompanied her. And she could no longer deny how she truly felt when Jacob placed his lips on hers and claimed her for his own. Their clothes were long gone, they lay naked in each others arms, kissing and caressing each other. They had no need for words. It had all been said many times over. The guilt that each of them carried would never go away, but with each other to hold onto, the burden lightened a little for both of them. "And so they came together in a joyous union as it was always meant to be." Billy smiled as he ended his story; his lined face lighting up as he accepted praise from his audience. "Jake missed the best bit." Quil called out jokingly. Billy smiled as he exchanged a knowing glance with the other elders and Sam. "No, young man. I don't think he missed a thing." A/N-thanks for reading this short story.