Edward Cullen, is here to make the announcements. Edward usually doesn't do any of this work. It's usually our treasurer and officers doing this sort of stuff. But he's here today, and I'm awestruck. I've only ever heard of him before, and Alice has tried to describe him to me, because she swears I've seen him around, I just probably never put the name with the face. But, as soon as I lay eyes on him, only six feet from me, I know I've never seen him before, and Alice's description doesn't do him justice. He's the most beautiful boy I've ever seen. His bronze hair is a chaotic mess on his head, like he (or someone) has been running their hands through it. His eyes are the brightest, most brilliant shade of green, and the shimmer under the fluorescent lights in the ceiling. His lips are a perfect rosy color, and I stare at them for a second as he speaks, though I have no idea what he's actually saying. He stops his speech, and I can hear the buzz of someone else speaking, then he smiles this quirky little crooked grin, one corner of his mouth lifting higher than the other, and I love it. He's tall, too, probably just over six feet, and his shoulders are pulling the fabric of his ASB polo. I can't see much, but I can tell he's got a pretty decent body under there. I know he's a baseball player, as well, so there's no doubt he's fit. My eyes flit back up to his face, and I'm startled to see he's looking at me already, his eyes trained on mine. He's speaking again, no doubt answering whatever question he was just asked, but he's looking straight at me as he says it. I want to look away, because this is definitely embarrassing, but I can't bring myself to do it first. His gaze is pulling me in, and I can feel my bottom lip between my teeth. It's a nervous habit I've had for years, and I'm definitely nervous right now. He apparently finishes what he's saying, but he's still looking at me. He smiles, his grin even more heart stopping when it's aimed right at me. I feel my breath catch, and it takes me a second to coax myself into breathing again. Edward eventually breaks eye contact to say goodbye to the teacher and the class. He walks right past me to get out the door, and he looks down at me as he does. His smile it back, but it's more of a smirk this time, and his eyes roam my face briefly before he gives me a subtle nod and walks out. I can feel myself blushing even once he's gone. " Holy shit, Edward Cullen totally just eye-fucked you," Alice squeals softly, tugging urgently on the sleeve of my hoodie. I'm trying very hard to keep my smile at bay and tamp down the pounding of my heart. " He just looked at me, Alice," I argue. I want to believe that he has a certain interest in me, but I have to be realistic. " Um, no. He definitely looked straight at you and did his sex smirk." " I'm the new girl, of course he singled me out. And what the hell is a 'sex smirk'?" " I don't know, I just made it up. But his smirk is so suggestive, it just has to mean he wants to bang whoever he flashes it at." I roll my eyes. "You're ridiculous. He's a junior, Alice. He definitely isn't going to flash his 'sex smirk'," I add the air quotes around it, "at some girl in a freshman homeroom." There's absolutely no way. By lunch time, I figure out Alice was right about the way he singled me out. Whether it was specifically because I'm the new girl or because he actually has some sort of interest in me, I'm not sure. I don't think I ever will be. But, as soon as I walk out of my Spanish class and head for the quad, where I always meet Alice for our lunch period, I'm stopped by Adonis himself. He sort of jogs up to me from where he was with his friends from the baseball team. He has his backpack slung over one shoulder, gripping it so it doesn't slide off. His free hand runs through his wild hair and he smiles at me, that crooked one that I find so endearing. " Hey, it's Isabella, right?" he asks, making me stop in my tracks and cease my search for Alice. " Uh, yeah," I answer, already feeling my cheeks heating up. Get it together, goddammit. "I prefer Bella, though." His smile widens and he sticks his hand out. "Nice to meet you, Bella. I'm Edward Cullen." The second my hand makes contact with his, these amazing little shocks of energy lick up my arm and eventually settle in my chest. What the fuck? I nearly jerk my hand back out of his from the surprise. Edward apparently felt it too, because his eyebrows have furrowed together in the center as he stares at where our hands were just attached. He shakes it off though, and puts his carefree smile back on his face. What do you guys think? How do you like the flashback things? (Honestly, it took me entirely too long to figure out the correct year and timing and everything. I swear, I know how to do math.) Give me some love, please. I love hearing what you guys have to say. This is mostly prewritten up to chapter thirteen, so there's not much I can change, but I love hearing suggestions anyway! I promise an update next week, since the next chapters are completely written. Since I am so far ahead, my goal is weekly updates until the end. I'm pretty confidant in myself this time! Until next time, lovelies!