caring what they thought. "She tugs at my heart for some reason, I can't explain it. It isn't romantic right now, but I feel the urge to protect her incredibly strong. It's not an imprint, but I don't know it could be." I answered him turning back to my search. It proved to be unnecessary, and the phone rang, "Swan residence, Sam Uley speaking." I answered, hoping the phone didn't wake up my woodsy scented angel. "Mr. Uley this is Dr. Cullen, I wanted to make sure Bella is ok. We haven't heard from Edward." He spoke, causing a snarl to rise in my throat. "She is fine, but are you truly gone." I asked. "We will never be back," He answered me and I hung up the phone, hoping my brothers heard the call. I wanted to ask more about the one vampire, but decided against it. He hadn't killed anyone, and honestly the relief that the area was clear was enough to make me feel free. My pack looked at me in understanding, and we moved to leave the house. "Charlie, we need to get going. Please let me know if you know anything else." He pulled me into a tight hug and said goodbye to me and the other pack members. "Jared drive." I barked while I pulled out my phone. "Billy, the leeches are gone. I will call the other elders, but we need to get ready for a celebration." I told him, before repeating the call twice more. They were excited about our new found safety and got a bonfire quickly organized. Today would almost be a holiday from now on. I sat on a log, drinking a beer when Leah came up to me. My wolf turned up his nose in the back of my brain, while the human side of me felt happy that she was paying attention to me again. She cuddled in close, it must have been the fire, or the celebration but she was almost back to normal. "Sam, I am sorry for how I have been acting lately. Can we start over?" My wolf was screaming, not mate, no, from one part of my brain, while my human side just wanted to reach out to her, and drag her into a long deep kiss. I stared at her and thought about it for a second. My wolf had never had such a negative reaction to her before, so something must have changed. "Leah, no. You hurt me by your lack of trust understanding. We were together for two years, and something happens to me, that I tell you I am bound by tribal ruling to keep quiet, and you stab me in the back." "Because that seems like a cop out to me," she hissed. I was frustrated that we were bringing up the old argument again. "Leah I am the new Chief, I you see me going to elder meetings on a daily basis, why can't you believe me? Do you really think I am sleeping with Old Quil?" I growled causing her to frown. "No, but you are hiding something and I can't live like that." She whispered. "Then don't Leah, we aren't married, and I am stuck her for the next several years. You on the other hand can go to school, study medicine like you were planning." "Why can't you join me? I don't want this to be the end Sam. I am not ready for it. Please." Tears started to fall down her pretty face. "Leah do you feel that we are right for each other?" I asked, trying to make her see. "Not anymore," She replied honestly. "Something has changed since May, and I have been holding on to it. It hasn't felt right since then, that's why I thought you were cheating." "Leah I would never do anything to hurt you intentionally," I felt my own tears begin to well at this point. I didn't want to let go. It was excruciating. "I just can't be with you anymore. I know we had a good run, and if things were different, we might have been able to make a real name for ourselves. Please, know that you will always have a place in my heart. Move on, find your future, please don't give up your dreams." She nodded and started to sob into my shoulder. My human side wanted to take it all back, but I knew I couldn't, she needed a clean break so she could heal. With the wolf so forceful about her not being right, it would only hurt her down the line. I cried with her as the fire burned out and dawn started to rise over the forest. "See you around Leah," I smiled. She nodded and stood along with me. We hugged and then went our separate ways. I hoped that she wouldn't hate me tomorrow, and we could remain friends in time. She was something special, but no longer my someone special. I walked into the woods and phased, calling my brothers. We would need to devise a new patrol route. End Notes: Well there we go. First chapter is done. So I have a lot of thoughts about this chapter. I am trying to keep the beginning of the story linear to New Moon without completely rewriting it. After Jacob's first phase we will start to see some drastic branch outs from the original story line. At this point Sam has not imprinted on Bella, but the tug he feels is the beginning of one. I chose not to have it happen right away because Bella isn't herself, she is a shell. I do not think that a full imprint would do her any good. I actually think it could make it so much worse. You can guess when the imprint is going to happen if you feel like it. It's not a huge secret, but it will make for some awesome pack drama.