to articulate, because I had no idea what to say. Thank you? I think he's pretty great too? Is he attached? Can I have his number? I think not. In the end, Esme changed the subject and we spoke a little bit more about the show while the makeup artists finished their work and we headed off into our separate fitting rooms. I quickly examined the rack that was sitting on the far end of the room, my name was written in large letters with quick Polaroid pictures indicating everything that went into each outfit. I had expected to recall some of the items from when Leah did her test fittings, but they all seemed different—or maybe I just hoped they were different? "Bella hurry up!" I heard Alice's voice call as I quickly zipped up the shoes that were assigned to my first outfit, which unfortunately was a triangle bikini that tied on either side of my hips. It was dark and had a pattern that involved hands, apples, chess pieces, ribbon and a really pretty flower, which looked like a type of tulip. Once I felt everything was situated, I didn't dare look at myself in the mirror. I knew if I did, there was no way on this God's green earth she'd be getting me anywhere near the stage, let alone on it. I quickly shrugged into my robe and headed toward the stage. I'd never been more thankful for Rose and Jasper in one day, in my whole life; they were opening and closing the show, technically making the rest of us just fillers. I think Esme may have a little bit more runway time because what she was wearing technically wasn't entirely in the show, because Angela was a bikini model but some of the pieces Esme was due to wear had been scattered throughout—kind of. The line up was simple after Rose and Jazz, it went Esme, Emmett, me—unfortunately— and then Edward. But I was happy that I didn't have to follow Rosalie and Jasper, the very professional models. "Ok, yes thank you. Bella hurry up get in line please and take off that robe, please Bella, you are wearing the most exclusive bikini ever made by MAB, look I didn't even want to showcase my twilight gear yet, but with you and Edward modeling them I know they will look perfect, it is kind of the same reason that I have done the line up like this. So hurry up and take of the robe, ISABELLA!" ugh. I sighed and quickly shrugged off my long and comfortable robe and threw it at Alice; unfortunately she caught it and just gave me a cheeky grin. I was freaking out as everyone was being ushered onto the stage, Rosalie, and then Jasper, Esme and then Emmett. Edward must have picked up on my nerves as he closed the distance between us in the line, his arm wrapping around my shoulder as he tried to comfort me. "Stop shaking Bella, you'll be fine. I know you will." He whispered lowly into my ear, and I wondered if he had any idea how seductive his voice came off. Either way, even with his comforting arm, I was a wreck. "Alice!" Edward called, his arm still wrapped around my shoulders. "Is everything Oh—Okay, um I mean. What's up?" she asked, he eyes dancing from Edward's arm around my shoulders, to both of our faces. "Alice, I was curious, with this Twilight collection, I thought that possibly the guys and girls line could unveil together. Maybe Bella and I could take the catwalk together, only once Emmett was completely off. I would just have to tell Seth and he could dim the lights as he leaves and put them on again once we reach the end of the catwalk, it would be easy, that is if you wish?" That sounded like a brilliant plan. I still didn't want to do this stupid show, but that was a better plan then the one I currently didn't have. "Here, his number is in my phone." I said as I ran over to the Alice and pulled my robe out of her grip. I slid my hand into the pocket and quickly fished out my little phone. I typed his name into the contacts and his number popped up. "It's ringing," I said and I handed him my phone. I didn't even listen as he went through everything that needed to be done. My body was thawing and becoming less rigid; I wouldn't have to step out on that cat walk by myself and if anything went wrong Edward would be there with me—to catch me, god forbid, I fell. "It's all set up Alice, and Supermassive Black Hole is going to be the music choice, Seth thought it was appropriate." I loved Seth; he was practically my little brother, especially since Sue started spending more time around Charlie's when her husband passed. She'd started out close with my dad because her husband and my father had been long time friends, but now, she's like an Aunt to Alice and I and a close friend with our mom too. It's just sad that Harry's not with us anymore, but my Dad seems to be in a good place with her, in the closet as he may be and Mom's not so secretly happy for him too. Alice and I were really happy when we were really happy when we found out that Edward had taken him on as an apprentice—not that I knew who Edward was— it was really sweet and he was really good at his job, and training Seth up. And just when I thought everything was good, and that I could do this, Emmett stepped off the stage—and everything went bad. "Bella!" Blackness… *** I am going to try and get this on a weekly updating schedule, but with the upcoming holidays please don't hold me to it. Nic.