to be unable to rid myself of the monotone pitch in my voice that has plagued me since the table conference. He nodded. We needed no words. Nothing had changed since our conversation in Alaska. We had gone out hunting together, as much as for privacy as anything else. Neither of us were the big predator hunters like our boys, so it never took very long to find something we were willing to drink. Afterwards, we sat in the snow on the mountainside holding hands and enjoying the view. "Talk to me," I finally requested knowing he was lost in his thoughts. "I can't lose him," was all he said with anguish enough for the both of us. "We will not," I replied mutedly. "You can't be certain," was his retort. "I can feel it in my heart. I have faith." All my words came out even and dry. "I feel like God doesn't hear my prayers," he stated in humiliation and guilt. "Is that because you're not getting the answer you want?" My question was as even and dry in tone as my statements had been. I could feel the shock coming from him. Never before had I been so bold nor had I ever before questioned his relationship with his God like this. "Perhaps," was all he said in a small sad voice. He was at his breaking point. He was becoming undone and my usually gentle, compassionate, hopeful husband was scared. It had not been the time to explain my reasons for voting as I had. My children needed him. "We will be okay, Carlisle," I promised him. "Your God didn't give you all of us to take it all away from you. You are worthy of His gifts. Edward is struggling and handling things in his own way. He will return. He is not lost to you." He nodded sadly, but I could tell that my words had done their trick; they had assuaged his worst fears. It wasn't a cure, but it was enough for the time being. For better or worse, all of our lives were irrevocable tied together. The memory of this conversation played over and over as he held me until it was nearly time for him to return to the hospital. Both during that conversation in Alaska and while sitting on my perch I wondered if I should have said more to Carlisle. "Do you need me to stay?" he asked, as was now his habit. I shook my head. "No, you go. Save those you can. I will be here when you return, Dr. Cullen." Despite my lack of intonation he knew he could trust my words. He nodded and went to get ready. "I love you," he reminded me before he went out the door. "And I you," I reminded him. Eventually Jasper and Alice came back and I picked up where I had left off. After a few days of this routine there was nothing else to tell. "He'll come back," Alice spoke authoritatively. "He's always come back," she stated her tone was firm. She was right. I just wished I had her capacity to speak so assuredly. I turned to Jasper. He appeared contemplative. "How are you holding up?" I asked him as had become my custom. "As well as can be expected" was his reply, as it had been each previous time I had asked. "I hope I'm not adding to your burden," I told him sincerely. I didn't want to imagine if my struggles were adding to his. A certain amount of that was unavoidable, but since he joined our family and became my third son, I had always attempted to be considerate of how I might unnecessarily burden him and often waited until he was out of the house to focus on how I was feeling. He shook his head. "No more than anyone else." I nodded. It was the best I could hope for in times like these. Alice had been keeping a close eye on Edward. I never asked. She would let us know if she saw something worth sharing. I couldn't imagine the burden of her gift, seeing so many possible futures. I did not want to conceive of all the terrible possibilities she has seen before Edward would have talked himself out of it. So instead I looked over at her and smiled in a way that I hoped was comforting. Maybe it was telling the stories of Edward before he left or perhaps the fact that I was free to think my thoughts without considering the burden they would have on Edward, I could not be certain. But with me on my perch and Jasper and Alice sitting on the floor quietly simply being with me, I began to imagine what Carlisle's life was like when he met me, and what would have happened if he had followed his heart just a little bit more. A/N: For readers interested in my version of the voting scene to leave Bella in Forks, it can be found in Chapter 1 of Cosmology Shifts, and is told from Alice's point of view. So, I have to admit that I'm very nervous about this story despite kiwihipp's incredible support. If My Family is Odd is an extension of cannon and Cosmology Shifts is a slight deviation from cannon, this AU might be described as a re-imagining of cannon, particularly because it goes so far back in time. It is the butterfly effect. Simultaneously, this is the first time I have written a story focusing on Carlisle's or Esme's lived experiences. If that were not enough, this story contains content that reflects what it means to be married with children as apposed to being a teenager, which were my two previous stories. That all said, I would greatly appreciate to hear your thoughts. Your feedback helps me immensely and I greatly appreciate it. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. See you next Thursday.