I realise arguing with our boss is not going to do any of us any good therefore I dragged Rosalie out of the room before things get any more heated. "So what now?" "I say we get this shitty case of ours out of the way" Rosalie replies. "We know Godrey is going to be at the casino tonight so I say we get him there!" "I say we head home...forget about the shift we need to get this over and done with!" Rose walks before I can agree. I follow her out towards our car. We both walk in a hurry with pissed off faces. The guards look at us all curiously. We give them all a nod and rush towards the car. We reach our apartment and storm pass Prescott before he can say anything. We were clearly not in the mood today. We get into the apartment and sit near the table. Rosalie goes to her room and comes back with her laptop and a bunch of files she places them on the table and sits down next to me. I pick up one of the files and flick through it. This was all the information we had collected on Godrey. We had been keeping an eye on him for the past 2 weeks. He travelled around a lot and was planning to go to Italy in 2 day times. "We'll go to the casino. I'll take the guards you go after Godrey. It's a simple in and out job, should be quick and easy." Rose says "How many guards does he have?" "He has at least 5 bodyguards with him at all times. There may be more." "Great," "Well let's get ready." We go inside Rose's room and open her cupboard. We press a button and type a code causing a secret door to open. We had inserted this when we bought the apartment. Prescott had helped us and luckily didn't ask why we needed it. The room was filled with weapons and gadgets. I went to the far end and picked up a gun and some throwing knives and Rosalie got her gun. We went back to the room. Whilst Rosalie loaded our guns and got the weapons ready I picked out our dresses. I picked a red gown with a slit up to my thigh for easy movement and a similar one for Rose in black. We put on our belts under our dress and attached our guns to it. We both did a half up do and then did our makeup. We glanced in the mirror. We looked hot. We headed out the door. We walked quickly not wanting to get noticed by Prescott or anyone else. Outside there was a hot red convertible waiting for us. We got inside and Rosalie started driving. We reached the casino and tossed the key at the valet. "Nice ride." We gave him a smirk before tossing our hair and walking in the casino. As we walked I could feel people's eyes on I and Rosalie. I gave them a flirtatious smile before walking on. We went to the Russian roulette table. I saw Rosalie's playful grin. "Don't even think about it, we're broke." "Oh come on, I'm good at this." "No." I said sternly She frowned at me but listened. We scanned the room to find Godrey. I noticed him upstairs in the VIP section. I nudged Rose. She looked at where I was looking. We got up and walked towards it. There were two guards standing there blocking the door. I looked at Rosalie she already had one of her sexy pouts on. I smiled and gave them a flirtatious grin. "Hey," Rose said moving closer to them. "What do you ladies want?" "Well, we want to play some blackjack." "This is the VIP section you ladies aren't allowed in here." I moved in and placed my hand on the guards shoulder. "I'm sure a little competition wouldn't hurt your boys." "As much as I would like to I-" "Let them in Steve." Godrey says I smile and push past the guards and enter the room. Inside there were about 7 people all around a table playing blackjack. "Please ladies take a seat." He gestured for us to take a seat next to him. We both sat on either side of him. I gave Rosalie the look. She pulled out her gun and shot the person sitting in front of her. I pulled mine out and placed it towards Godrey's head. We don't waste any time at all. Everyone else in the room pulled out their guns too and aimed for me and Rose. We quickly duck under the table. Rose starts shooting the guards whilst I hold on to Godrey "Where's the file?" I ask sternly. He doesn't reply. I push the gun into his stomach causing him to groan. "Answer me." "It's in the briefcase." He replied reluctantly. I pulled the trigger and kill him. I got out of the table and saw piles of bodies. Rose looked at me and smiled. "It's in the briefcase." She picks up the briefcase and opens it. She looks at the file inside it and skims through it. The file contains all of Godrey's business associates. "Let's go." I say. Rose goes to the table where there's a pile of cash. She picks up a bundle. "Rose!" "What we don't get paid enough." She's right. I pick up a bundle from the table. "What the heck, I need to get that black dress." Rosalie then just grabs all the money from the table. We straighten our dress and walk out the room. We speed walk towards the door. By now the casino is in total chaos of screams and people running out. We try leaving without getting noticed. We head out to the valet to who returns with our car and hands us our car keys. We give him a smug grin before driving off.