jerks in reaction. He soothes me with soft kisses and warm strokes of his hand. The sun has moved further west, and we don't want to stay out here after dark. So we take another quick dip and use his t-shirt to dry off. I wear the t-shirt, and he wears his shorts. We gather all our things in the canvas bag and follow the stream to the shack. After a quick dinner of mangoes and berries, we settle into bed. He's lit a fire outside the doorway tonight, and we stay awake for a long time, looking at each other in the reflected glow of the fire, talking about what we have been doing over the last few years. He tells me how he spent the last three weeks alone on the island, and we make tentative plans to attract the attention of rescue planes that we are sure must be out looking for him. Wrapped up in each other, we fall asleep. The last thing I see is his face, and the last thing I hear is his voice, telling me that he loves me. … I stay in bed with my eyes shut for a few minutes after I wake up. The first thing I realize is that my memory is back. I can recall every tiny detail of my life. The second thing I realize is that I'm in bed. In my bed. On a mattress that rests on a wooden bed frame. At home, in my apartment in Ithaca. I sit up and look around me wildly, but there's no grass bed, no coconut shell cups, and no Edward. It's a blow to my heart, and it leaves me reeling. While dreaming of Edward is nothing new for me, I can't believe my entire island experience was a dream. It felt so real. He felt so real. I am so disoriented that I can't accept what my logical brain is trying to tell me. I grab my phone to check the date, and my heart sinks. It's the 3rd of June. Edward had said he was stranded on the island at the beginning of June. It wasn't real. I should have known… the completely bizarre lack of clothing, the convenient appearance of everything I needed, even the perfect waterfall. It really was too good to be true. I stew for a while before a new idea begins to form in my mind. It's a long shot, but what if my dream wasn't just another wishful scenario? What if it was a premonition? I unlock my phone and hit Jasper's number. "Mmmfwhaaat?" he grumbles, obviously still in bed. It's not entirely surprising, considering that it's barely 5 am. "Jazz, I need your help. Please! Just wake up, and I promise I'll destroy those photos I have of you and Jessica's mom from the pool party." That's right, we are best friends. We have each other's backs, and we also have a ton of material to blackmail each other when needed. "Ugh, what's your problem?" he whines. "Look, if you help me, I'll set you up with Alice Brandon. I know you've been eyeing her for months." "Wow, a threat and a bribe? This must be important. Ok hang on, gimme a minute." I wait impatiently. I can hear the muffled sounds of a door creaking and then a flush, before he's finally back on the line. "Alright I'm up. Tell me." "Do you know where Edward is?" "Edward? Is this about that crush you pretend not to have on my brother?" "Jazz, just tell me. This is important, alright?" "Alright, ok… Edward's somewhere in the Caribbean. What's that place called…" "Guadeloupe?" I ask, my heart beating so hard I'm surprised he can't hear it over the phone. "Yeah, that's the place. How did you know?" "I'll tell you later. First, I need you to do something for me. I need you to call Edward and ask him to stay in Guadeloupe. Alright? If he says he's planning to visit one of the other islands, just delay him somehow. Tell him… tell him you're flying out to visit him tomorrow, and just convince him to wait, ok?" "Are you nuts? I'm not going out to visit him. I have work, man." "Ugh! Stop being such a guy for a minute, ok. You aren't the one flying out, I am. I just need you to call him and make sure he's there." "Sure, I'll call him now. You book those tickets so I can send him the flight info. And then meet me for breakfast somewhere so you can tell me what the fuck this is all about." "Deal," I promise. Setting the phone down on my bedside table, I jump up and run to my laptop. Within fifteen minutes, I have booked a ticket from JFK to Pointe-à-Pitre, departing tomorrow morning at 7. Barring delays, I should be in Guadeloupe by 2 in the afternoon. I know I have time, but I am amped, so I grab my bag and start packing. When I go to empty the contents of my underwear drawer, I pause. Half hidden under lace and cotton is my favorite photograph of Edward. It was taken at his high school graduation, and he's got his arm around my shoulder. It's one of the rare pictures where it is just the two of us, and I especially love it because he is looking at me instead of the camera. I kiss the photo and toss it back into the drawer. I don't need to kiss a photograph any longer. I'm going to lay it all out and tell him exactly how I feel. I'm not wasting another minute, and I'm going to make sure he knows that all his kisses are mine now. But first, I'm going to go save my man. And if he insists on getting stuck on an island, I'm going to make damn sure he's stuck there with me. …