I am…I am…I am here…kill me please…put out the fire." I screamed . I wasn't sure if I had said that out loud but the man and the women's voices were gone. All I could hear were my thoughts, maybe they had been scared away, I didn't know…I didn't know anything except the burn. The flames that licked through my veins now I felt it everywhere. It didn't decrease. It kept on, pulsing through me, second by second charring me alive. My mind was functioning fine, it was incredibly clear, my body was unmoving. I couldn't feel if I was fisting my hands anymore, I didn't know how long I had been burning. Surely if they had set me on fire someone would have put it out by now, right? Let me die…let me die…please let me die, I thought. I just wanted to die, that's all I wanted, I wished I had never been born, I wish I didn't exist. At that moment I had never wanted anything more than to curl up and depart this life. But to my dismay, the endless burn raged on. I listened around me, my senses seemed stronger, I felt stronger. I listened to the hiss of something from the distance. I heart the tiny scamper, birds quacking, I could even hear their wings flapping in flight. I concentrated momentarily on my body again, the good thing was the burning was less in my fingers and toes. It was being put out. Slowly it weakened, slower and slower and then the heat raged in my chest as my heart became frenzied. How could this be? I thought it was done. My heart was about to beat out of my chest. I heard it, it was loud, it hammered furiously. I could feel no pain or fire in my hands and I twitched my fingers to make sure they were working. As the worst of it engulfed my heart, it pounded away faster and faster, hotter and hotter, sucking the last of the burn from the rest of my body. My back arched as the flames took over, it stammered as it tried to beat through the flames but neither seemed to be winning. Then…it thudded once…twice…and stopped. There was no sound but the world around me, no breathing, no pain and that was all I could understand. I opened my eyes suddenly to the clear dark sky. After taking in the sky around me I sprung to a sitting position. What had been pitch black now was bright. I could see for miles. Everything looked perfect and clear. My head whipped right as I heard a heart beat. Soon I was on my feet, crouched down as I zoned in on the sounds around me. I could hear the bumping of a car stereo in the distance. I could hear what sounded like people talking, I could hear what sounded like a television. I felt confused, I couldn't zone in on one noise as they all yelled at me at once. Again the heartbeat, then the scorch from my throat ripped into me, my hands flew to my neck, it was unbearable. Just as if it was instinct, I heard the heartbeats closer to me and then the smell of something moved with the wind and filled my nose. It was irresistible. The men's voices sounded so clear but as I saw them, it seemed they were a miles away. I saw the glow of cop cars and lights. They were huddled around something that lay still on the ground. I flashed a bit closer. The men smelt mouth watering, I wanted them, I needed them, there was nothing I wanted more than to quench my thirst with them. Suddenly I realized, "Kevin." I whispered. Suddenly the memory flashed though my head, I stopped mid hunt and ran. I ran away from the men farther and farther into the desert, I was about to kill them. I knew I was running north but other than that I had no idea where I was going. I had to get away, I wanted to kill those men, why did I want to kill them? What had I become? I didn't understand. I flung the remnants of my jeans off my legs and my speed picked up. I realized I was running faster than any person could ever run. I was never athletic or fast. I was slow and clumsy. I ran so fast I could barely see my surroundings. The wind blew across my face and through my hair. I was semi aware of what I was wearing. A black tank top and boy short type underwear and I didn't seem to care. I ran until there was no sense of civilization around me and I expected to be winded or tired but I wasn't. My throat was still on fire, I froze as I listened, the thud of paws sounded. I breathed in through my nose, the smell of prey filled me. I didn't even know what I was doing as I sprang up grabbing a coyote, sinking my teeth into its neck and the blood rushed into my throat, it put out the fire momentarily as I sprang again taking down the rest of the pack. I looked at what I had done, I didn't understand it. What had I become? I hadn't a clue, I wanted to kill, the blood quenched my thirst and I felt it sloshing in me. Without a second thought, I began running again. I had the attention span of a two year old. The deserts became mountains, the mountains became forests I ran day and night, it was the only time I felt in control, I ran for what I thought was days with no set destination in mind. So tell me what cha think? Bella is a vampire. And where do you think she'll end up? haha Review, let me know if I should continue this.