they were strangers; their music sounds so divine, it's like they've practiced together for months. Both the men now sport huge grins, and are playing their hearts out, giving the entire train station a wonderful impromptu performance. Edward quickly steps around the bench Mike is sitting on, taking on the lower keys, and signaling Mike to play the higher notes. I'm in awe, as I see him engage with Mike in ramping up the intensity of the piece, and it's a beautiful sight to see both men hunched over the instrument, their fingers flying over the keys, complementing each other perfectly. Edward pours himself into the music, moving swiftly back to the higher scale, while Mike fills in the harmony. Edward's open joy in that moment is a revelation. It's almost as though I'm seeing him clearly for the first time. There's no filter of family or friends, no school or work or expectations. I only see the man, and it just pierces through my heart… without a shadow of doubt, I know that I love him. I love his joy, the light in his eyes, and the intensity of his soul. And the way his ass looks in those blue jeans, bobbing up and down as he stands hunched over the piano is kind of hot as well. I appreciate the view wholeheartedly. They bring the song to a close with a very 'Edward' flourish, and both men straighten up and acknowledge the applause with nods and smiles. I'm amused to see that a fist bump is all the acknowledgement they need to give each other. I stand, my heart pounding so loudly, I'm sure the people around me can hear it. Almost immediately, Edward turns towards me, as though aware of my location even in this crowd of people. A dazzling smile spreads over his features when he sees me for the first time in two weeks. Ignoring the other passengers, who are still fawning over him, he walks over and hugs me tight. For a moment, nothing exists but the two of us. A feeling of completeness washes over me. I can't resist smirking up at him like the smartass I am. "So, did you just drop by to play the piano?" He steps back, looking a little embarrassed, but doesn't let go entirely. "I couldn't take it anymore," he says, looking apologetic, though why he would want to apologize for giving me the best surprise of my life, I don't know. "I was trying my best to be a good friend and give you time and space and all that, but did you really need to email me details of every single guy who tried to hit on you? Geez girl, I thought I made it clear how I felt about you." "What? I tried to tell you as much as possible so that you wouldn't miss me too much." That's my story and I'm sticking to it. "All it did was make me miss you more. When I couldn't take it anymore, I bought a ticket, called in a few favors and got two weeks off. I promise I won't dog your heels or cramp your style. But maybe if you let me, we could intersect at a few places? I mean, we could meet up a few times while you're in Amsterdam, and then in Berlin, and so on? If I can just see you and reassure myself, it'll keep me from going completely crazy. I promise I won't…" He would have rambled on for hours, by the sound of it, and it was completely unnecessary. So, I cut him off with a kiss, every bit as hot as the one he had sent me off with. Considering that we had only kissed once before, it's quite ridiculous how much I missed the taste of his lips. I missed the feel of his soft hair under my fingertips and his rough stubble on my cheek. I missed the warmth of his hard, muscled chest, and the feeling of comfort and home I get the moment he wraps me up in his strong arms. I can't express all the things he makes me feel in words, so I try to show him with my lips. I think he understands; we are demanding, aggressive, playful and tender all at once. Can a kiss be so much? I wouldn't have thought so, but that was before Edward. When I finally pull back, he looks at me with so much love that it steals my breath as surely as he steals my heart. "You're coming with me," I state, not leaving room for argument. "What, just like that? I had a plan, you know. An insidious, convoluted, devious plan to gradually break down your defenses and get you to travel with me," he chuckles. I roll my eyes and smile, absently drawing a series of small hearts with my fingertip over his heart. I think he realizes it a moment before I do, because he stills, and smiles, even as I whisper, "I love you." I barely notice the crestfallen look Mike shoots us as he gathers his bags and shuffles off. It doesn't last, of course. He's taken perhaps four steps when this perky young thing, all short shorts and unnaturally shiny hair, accosts him. I would say something insightful about how she's exuding the 'let's get laid' hormone by the bucketful, and how Mike's got that wolfish 'I'm getting lucky' look in response; but the fact is, I don't particularly care. I'm much too busy kissing the man I have loved for a year, the man who loves me enough to let me go live my dreams, and to follow me wherever I go. We're interrupted by the echoing announcement for my… our train to Amsterdam. As we quickly gather our things and run to the platform, I can't stop smiling. I get the feeling that loving Edward will be the best adventure I've ever had.