embarrassed!" "While I would pay good money to see that man strip, Alice, I just can't see him doing something like that. And for what? He's loaded, and has a steady job. Plus I thought strippers worked nights. Why would he be skipping out on a weekday afternoon?" "Alright, maybe not. He could have gotten involved in something illegal." Alice was never short of ideas, you see. "Ooh, I know, one of his students was involved in a drug ring, and Edward is going undercover to expose the crime syndicate." Even I couldn't stop laughing at that one. Edward was a great guy, but going undercover to bust a crime syndicate? Nope, can't see it happening. "Alice, that's something the cops would do, not a high school teacher. There's something else going on." She was running late for her Yoga class, so we hung up and promised to talk later. I wondered if maybe we should have another of our epic weekend drink-a-thons, seeing as we were both especially creative drunks. … The Bella Swan Case Files Wednesday, March 9, 2016 3:30 pm: Subject has entered a nondescript apartment building that has some kind of dance and yoga studio at the ground level. There is also a coffee shop across the street with a clear view of the apartment building entrance. I am now sipping some really good cappuccino and trying to be inconspicuous. … It didn't take getting drunk to put me on my current desperate course. It was the fact that on Saturday, at 3 pm, Edward stepped out of his apartment, looked around cautiously, and then with one long look at my door, dashed down the stairs. It was that long look that did it. Whatever he was doing, whatever was embarrassing him so badly, had something to do with me. I immediately called Alice, and she egged me on to maintain case files, like I was 14 again, and playing at being Nancy Drew. Maybe because I never completely outgrew that phase of my life, I actually did just that. I've now been observing his comings and goings for a full week, and have concluded that he only makes these strange trips on Wednesdays and Saturdays. That's why I am now sitting in a coffee shop in downtown Seattle on a Wednesday afternoon, waiting impatiently for Edward to exit the building opposite, and hopefully give me some inkling of what on earth he's hiding. I've just finished my second cup of coffee and am seriously considering getting another slice of that truly delicious moist lemon cake, when a flash of auburn catches my eye. It's 5:40 pm, and Edward just walked out of the building across the way. He's carrying that little bag again, and is smiling so wide it makes my heart swell. He holds the door open, because he is a gentleman like that, and a gorgeous blonde steps out. She is standing close enough to make me panic. Then she lays a hand on his shoulder and says something in his ear that makes him blush so hard, I can see it from across the road. She turns and walks off, while he seems to be fiddling around with that little bag of his. Did they…. Is she… I need Alice. … The Bella Swan Case Files Wednesday, March 9, 2016 6:45 pm: Oh why, oh why, oh why, you tell me la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-lies… you never ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-think I would ever rea-lia-lia-lia-lia-lize. Edward likes silly blonde women. I should dye my hair. … Alice is not very comforting on weekdays. However, since I really didn't want to go home and spend the rest of the evening hanging out with Edward as his 'friend' while bursting to ask him about the blonde, I cabbed it to Alice's instead. I'm hoping she'll morph into a better friend by the time I've got some wine into her. "Hey, maybe you were wrong about his money situation. Maybe he lost everything, and had to become a male escort. A gigolo… ooh, I always wanted to say that. It's such a… jiggly word." "He's not a gigolo, Alice," I pout. I've already started soaking in the wine, and am a little morose. "Maybe he's just having an affair with her, and doesn't want anyone to know, because she's married and her husband would use it for divorce proceedings." "Maybe we're just being unnecessarily mean to the guy, Bella. What if he's actually putting something awesome together for your birthday, like a huge surprise, and this woman is helping him with that?" Alice and I stare at each other for a moment, before shaking our heads in tandem. "Nah, he would never dare to plan something for you without telling me about it." "True," I sigh, because unlikely or not, that would have been a pretty awesome scenario. "Plus my birthday is months away." "So what're you going to do, confront him?" she asks, tipping the bottle upside down and waiting for the last drop to fall into her open mouth. We've been at it for a couple of hours by now, and while our guesses about Edward have gone from 'not entirely impossible' to 'ludicrous', it doesn't seem to matter anymore. He could be learning ballet in a pink tutu, and we would think that made perfect sense, right now. "Nah," I drawl. "It's not like he really cheated on me or anything. Maybe he just always saw me as a friend. I'm not going to make a bigger fool of myself by confronting him." I snorted elegantly. "What'll I say to him, anyway? Hey, Edward, my detective alter-ego has been tailing your fine ass for a week, and I know all about your secret girlfriend. I'll probably end up crying and begging him to give me a try instead. It's hopeless, Alice. I just have to learn to live with that fact." Her gentle snores let me know that my soliloquy was hugely unappreciated. I shrug and fall asleep.