shut. Dinner was spent with Edward watching her every move. He was worried about her. Bella knew that. But it was tiring keeping up the pretence that she was fine. Every time she raised food to her mouth he was there, scrutinising. Bella was sure he was counting every mouthful and bet he was reporting it all back to Carlisle. It was getting tiresome. She ached for some time alone just to breathe. "I thought I would play your lullaby for you." Edward suggested with a smile when dinner was finally over. "Would you like that?" He was trying so hard. He really was. Bella wished she had the energy to accommodate him but she felt so damn weary. "Maybe tomorrow, Edward. I have a headache." Edward was crestfallen. He immediately placed the back of his hand on Bella's forehead. "I can get Carlisle to administer something." He offered. "No, I might just sleep it off." Bella slid off the stool. "Alone." She said succinctly when Edward made a move to follow her. She smiled weakly to soften her rebuttal. "Why don't you take the time to play some of your music? I'll see you later." She didn't wait for his response before she hurried toward the stairs. Bella shut the door behind her and leaned against it. She closed her eyes and just breathed, enjoying the moment of peace. She opened them again when she heard the strains of Edward's piano as he began to play. She sighed in blessed relief. He could get completely immersed in the music which was a boon to her as it gave her precious time to herself. She was glad he had taken her up on her suggestion. Bella headed to the four poster bed and perched on the edge as she simultaneously pulled out Rosalie's cell from the pocket of her jeans. The phone rang and rang. Bella chewed her bottom lip as she waited apprehensively for Charlie to answer. She knew any minute now it would click into his answer machine. She almost gave up again but to her surprise the call was picked up. "Chief Swan." Charlie answered wearily. "Dad." Bella whispered. "Bells…." There was no mistaking the surprised joy in his tone. "I was hoping you would ring back. You didn't leave a number for me to call you back." "I'm sorry." "I am so glad you called, kiddo." Charlie continued. "It's been too long." "I know. I'm sorry." Bella apologised. A lone tear began to fall down her cheek. It was so good to hear his voice. It brought back memories of home. Forks was her home. Not this place. "I've missed you." "Ditto, Bells." Charlie sounded very emotional which was unusual for him. "How are you?" "I don't know." Bella's mouth wobbled as the surprising confession left her mouth. She sniffed back her tears. "What's wrong?" Charlie questioned. "Talk to me, Bells. Has that boy done something?" Charlie had never been able to say Edward's name. Bella berated herself for revealing that she was down. But just hearing Charlie's voice had sent a shockwave of homesickness through her heart. She wanted to go home. She wanted her dad. She could still hear the strains of Edward's concerto as he continued to play. Bella lowered her voice. "I miss you dad and I want to come home." "I miss you too, kiddo." Charlie said immediately. His voice became serious. "I can fly up to meet you. Just give me the address of the house in Hampshire and I'll come and get you." Tears rolled down Bella's cheeks. Charlie still believed the lie that she was in Hampshire attending college with Edward. When in reality they hadn't stepped foot in the place after everything had gone wrong. "I'm not in Hampshire. I'm in Alaska." "Alaska." Charlie was stunned. "Why the hell are you in Alaska?" "It's complicated." Bella sniffed again as she wiped away the tears from her eyes. "Right, okay. Look your old man will sort it out. Just give me the address. I'll get there. Give me your number too." Charlie replied urgently. The call was cut off abruptly. Bella bit her lip in agony as she raised her eyes to find Edward standing in front of her. His face was a picture of sorrow. "Why did you do that, love?" He chided her gently as he prised the phone out of her hand. "I know that you miss him but it's too dangerous for you to be around him right now." "I'm fine." Bella insisted as fresh tears welled in her eyes. "I am absolutely one hundred percent in control of myself." "Don't fool yourself, Bella." Edward was getting impatient now. "What if you go back there and the wolf pack came across you? You know the first person that Charlie will tell is the Black's. He won't be able to keep your visit to himself. Then we'll have Jacob Black to deal with. How do you think he will react when he sees you?" He pointed out. "Jake is my friend." Bella declared stoutly. She could hear Jacob's words echoing in her head… maybe even then. "He ceased being your friend the day you married me." Edward retorted bitterly. He hated discussing his loathed rival. His patience was wearing thin. "You are not who you once were, Bella." "I am me. My heart still beats. I have blood running through my veins. I have a soul." Bella knew it was a wicked thing to end with when she saw Edward flinch but she couldn't help herself. Her anger was building up in her chest. She scowled at Edward. "You see you are losing control." Edward warned her. "You need to rest, love." His cold fingers encircled her waist as he steered her back to the bed. "Now close your eyes and sleep. Carlisle is close to a cure. I know it." Those were the last words Bella heard before she went under. A/N-thanks for reading!