at the end of last year. After the lesson, I had Spanish class where I met Angela. That first day, I followed her to lunch and she led me to a table with lots of the other girls, like Jessica, a petite girl with dark blonde hair and her good friend Lauren and Tanya and Irina and a number of others whose names I still struggle over. As I sat, nibbling an apple and listening to the conversations, I couldn't help noticing my lab partner walk into the lunchroom and settle at a table with two couples. My preoccupation must have been obvious but I was so lost in my own head, I was unable to tell. Jessica worked it out without any difficulty and half way through lunch she suddenly asked "Why are you staring at Edward Cullen, Bella?" I blushed over my blush and replied haltingly that I had to sit next to him in Biology and that he hadn't been very nice. An unpleasant expression crossed the girl's face but she converted it to a superior smile and said "Edward Cullen doesn't date anybody ever and I wouldn't even bother trying. He's never asked anyone out, never shown any interest in any of the girls. He's clearly gorgeous but he's never even kissed a girl, so the only conclusion is that he must be gay". "I've kissed him" said a much more blonde girl from further down the table. "Oh, get over it," replied Jessica rudely "You were both only 14, Tanya. Since then, nothing." "Tanya put him off women for life" said another girl slyly and they all laughed at the heavily made up blonde's discomfort. "I've heard that Edward picked up at baseball finals last year" another one spoke up. "Yes, but do you have any details?" Jessica asked quickly. One by one the others offered the information that they had which amounted to rumours heard second hand that his best friend Emmett had interrupted Edward and another girl in an intimate situation at a baseball finals party in Seattle. "How intimate?" asked Jessica immediately "Clothes off or on?" After much further discussion it emerged that the others didn't have any more details. "Anyway, Bella," said Jessica returning to me with a suddenness that made me jump in case she noticed that I had fallen back into staring at him again "Edward is a lost cause. Forget it." I asked Angela about his lunch companions who were just as startlingly attractive as Edward (now that I knew his name). I found out that the girl with the short dark hair was actually his twin sister and the slight blonde guy was Jasper, both her boyfriend and Edward's best friend. Emmett was the dark haired beefy guy across the table, obviously another of Edward's friends from the baseball story and the statuesque blonde was his girlfriend, Rosalie, a 'total bitch' according to Jessica who took over the descriptions from Angela's much more gentle comments. For just a moment, there was a hush in the food hall, apart from us, and our continuing discussion of Edward and his sexuality, his appearance, his family, his grades and almost anything else about him. Edward looked up and glared and I couldn't help the feeling that it was mostly directed at me. Jessica, half-turned her head and gave him what was presumably intended to be an alluring smile and he quickly turned back to his companions and Emmett's booming laughter. Jessica flushed a little (a slight rose, nothing like one of my bright red blushes) and the conversation lagged and was redirected towards something that had been posted on the class Facebook page. Angela accepted my group friend request (she had administrator rights luckily) and the others told me that anything that happens in the Forks senior class appears on the page and that everyone was part of the group. I made a mental note that I would be able to pm Edward through the group and then gave a mental groan that I had even thought that. His nasty speech in that first lesson was obviously meant to make me uncomfortable and keep me away but in fact it had the opposite effect. He had asked me not to talk to him, which was frankly a bit of a relief because I can't ever remember comfortably making small talk with a gorgeous guy and I wouldn't have a clue what to say. Now I could relax in peace and quiet and lose myself in occasional fantasies. Actually, if the fantasies were only occasional, that would have been fine but over the few weeks since then the fantasies have threatened to overtake my reality. I really don't know what's wrong with me. Whenever I sit next to him, it's like I have a special sense just for being aware of how he sits and moves and sighs and breathes. I swear I can feel him breathing! It's ridiculous and intrusive and if it weren't for the fact that I've covered this Biology Unit before, I'd be in deep trouble because it absolutely wrecks my concentration. I find that thoughts of him intrude on other things that I'm doing at least twenty times a day. I try really hard to think of something else and next thing I'm picturing him walking into the lunch room or thinking about something he said in biology, like how he correctly answered the question about phloem (and looked so beautiful while he did). Over time, our relationship has improved to the point where I would say that he pretty much ignores me unless he has to work with me, which is an improvement, I suppose. I certainly haven't had any repetition of the threatening whispers. He's distantly polite and when we have to work together, such as when we have to share a set of slides, he's pleasant enough. He hasn't said anything unrelated to the subject yet and neither have I. It's pathetic really.