all of five minutes once when I was 18. But I certainly never forgot him. I dreaded seeing him in Nam, to be honest, because it would most likely mean he was injured. Yet, I had never asked for his last name, so I had no idea how to find him. I just had another month before I finished my rotation and could come home. There was heavy firing overnight, and the next morning, we had our work cut out. One of the patients had been operated as soon as they brought him in. He had managed to avoid an exploding grenade, and had saved at least ten other men in the process. He was pretty heavily bandaged, but you could tell he was good looking. My roommate used to tease me that I always got the best looking patients… in the middle of so much pain and carnage, I can't deny it was nice to see some pretty faces." She winked at me, before flashing me a cheeky little grin. I gave a startled laugh. "He was unconscious or asleep the first three days during my shifts, though. On the fourth day, the doctor had just visited, and he was awake. The moment I saw those blue eyes, I knew. It was Carlisle." I drew in a sharp breath. "Wow, it's like you were fated to meet again. In the middle of the war… I can't even imagine what that must have felt like! Did he remember you? What happened next?" Esme's eyes held an ancient sadness, yet a sparkle of joy. She smiled, but before she could speak again, soft footsteps approached. We turned and saw her brunette companion, who I now surmised was Alice, hurry over. "Aunt Es, are you ready to leave? Jasper will be outside in five minutes to get us," she said. "Alice, come meet Bella. This is my grandniece, Alice, and this is Bella Swan, my newest friend," she said, gesturing between us. Alice gave me a friendly smile and nod, which I returned with a little awkwardly polite hand wave. "Bella, dear, I'm sorry, but I need to leave now. I truly enjoyed our chat," Esme continued, clearly apologetic at having to leave. Everything she said and did just reminded me more forcefully of the parental love and familial affection that I didn't have in my life. Yet that short half hour in her company had uplifted my entire outlook and I was nothing but grateful for having met her. "Esme, I'm already looking forward to meeting you again, soon." I clasped her outstretched hand, and then, unable to help myself, I hugged her. There was such comfort in her softness, in the mildly floral scent that enveloped her. I blinked quickly before releasing her. Esme's eyes were suspiciously damp as well, as she moved towards Alice. I waved to both of them, watching silently as Alice helped her aunt over to the doors. For several minutes after they had disappeared from sight, I stood staring into space. The sound of a book falling with a loud 'thwack' onto a table behind me startled me back to reality. Turning around, I saw a tall man with messy reddish-brown hair struggling to prevent another book from falling off the teetering pile in his arms. I hurried over, grabbing half the books and placing them on the table so that he could do the same with the rest, without further mishap. "Thank you so much, I really thought I had that pile under control, but when I tried to set them down… well, you know what happened," he rambled in a deep, rather gravelly voice, pushing up his wire framed glasses and looking up at me. I gasped. Brilliant green eyes stared back at me with an arrested expression. After a beat, he blinked, then held out his hand with a charmingly crooked smile. "Hi, I'm Edward Masen," he said. "Bella Swan," I replied. Then, before my brain could catch up with my mouth, I blurted out, "You aren't planning on joining the army, are you?" A wrinkle appeared between his eyebrows. "Not really. I'm hoping to pass some exams and become a vet, actually. Just not a war-vet, you know? Umm, do you only date guys in the army?" I could have sworn the tips of his ears turned red, as his eyes widened and he slapped a hand over his mouth. "Sorry, sorry… It's just, I couldn't help but overhear a bit of your conversation with the lady earlier, and you were talking about war, or at least she was, so … Uh, yeah, sorry about that." Two bright pink spots had now appeared high on his cheeks, and I was sure my cheeks matched his for color at that moment. I shook my head and grinned, probably looking a little foolish. "Not at all. I'm relieved I won't have to become a nurse." It was now my turn to bite my lip, looking up at him cautiously to see how crazy he thought I sounded. To my surprise, he looked rather pleased. Before my blush could deepen, I spoke again. "Do you need any help with those books?" He grinned back and said, "I'd love some help." We stood there, grinning at each other for another beat, before breaking out into hushed laughter. It did not escape me that even a day before, I would never have had the confidence to banter with such an attractive, albeit goofy man. Maybe meeting Esme had triggered the same self confidence in me, that meeting Carlisle had triggered in her all those years ago. Whatever the cause, I felt more hopeful and alive in this moment, than I had in a long, long while. That alone made this a very good day indeed. … A/N 2: I will be adding a few more chapters to this, though an exact timeline is difficult to commit to right now. See you in a few weeks, maybe!