moved in at his condo. Edward and Kate just got here, so they have been staying with us at the house until their place is done being painted. I still can't believe you haven't met Edward. You're the only one, you know. No worries, though, he's going to be appearing at our party tonight. I swear he better because last year he showed up for like thirty minutes then totally flaked and went back to his hotel. " "Well, I have been really busy, Al. I have been staying until closing this past month and I think the long hours are taking a toll on Elyse," I sighed. "I hope you told Angela that you will be leaving early with me when I come to pick up Kate later this afternoon. You are not going to back out of this party missy. After all, maybe your beautiful stranger will show up and you will be swept off of your feet again." Alice winked and nudged my arm with her elbow. Ah, my beautiful stranger, my Phantom. I hadn't had such a hot night like that since then. He gave me the most mind blowing orgasm that I truly had never experienced. He was so skilled with his hands and his tongue that I had to repay the favor. I ended up giving him what he had described, a fan-fucking-tastic blow job . We fell asleep naked, wrapped and tangled up with one another. The next morning, I awoke by myself with no trace of my stranger having been there. He didn't even leave a note or a number. I had hoped that when we woke in the morning, he would want to see me again. I felt so connected to him and his touches were incredibly electric. Having never felt that way before, I mourned his loss. I ended up spilling to Rose and Alice about my encounter with my beautiful stranger. They thought it was incredibly steamy, yet having a bit of romance to it. I informed them that we never even exchanged our names, but we had so much in common. I admitted to my friends that this man intrigued me enough to want to seek him out, but I knew no real personal information about him. Hell, I didn't even know where he lived. Alice was convinced that it was one of Jasper's co-workers, but I was resigned to the fact that I would never see this stranger again. I didn't feel like describing my phantom's amazingly stunning features because I felt as though it would ruin the whole mystique of it all. All I gave up was that he exuded sex. They merely laughed and were giddy that I finally had let my guard down a little. "Don't fret, Alice. I will be there. Who am I going to be dressed as this year?" My dear friend had made it a point to surprise me instead of just telling me what my costume was. "Nope. I'm not dishing. Just be ready to leave by five. Oh, and Kate will be going to Esme and Carlisle's house for the night as well. Edward wanted Elyse to have a friend." "That was nice of him. He didn't have to do that, considering he's never even met me before." I would be sure to thank him properly when I met him. After Alice left, the day seemed to fly by. Kate blended in perfectly with the other kids in my four year olds class. Elyse, who was in the three year olds class, became fast friends with Kate. They even held hands all through play time outside. It was the cutest thing to witness. At five o'clock, I gathered up Kate and Elyse and their belongings and we waited by the front desk. As I saw Alice's yellow Porsche enter the driveway, I realized that I forgot to retrieve my purse from the closet in my classroom. "Girls, I left my bag in my room. Just sit right here and I'll be right back." I ran to get my purse. As I was running back toward the front, I heard Kate scream, "Daddy!" I thought Alice was picking her up. When I reentered the room, I saw Alice holding Elyse in her arms, and Kate was in the arms of what I assumed was Edward, their backs facing us. She was showing off her artwork she had painted today which was displayed on the wall. I noticed immediately that they had the same tint to their hair. "Hey Bells! Edward wanted to come with me to pick up Kate. He wanted to know how to get here and he wanted to meet his teacher, which would be you!" Alice quipped. "Edward? Come over here and meet my best friend Bella." I turned around to the desk so I could sign myself out. When I was finished, I spun around and my eyes were met with the most gorgeous emerald eyes. I shifted my gaze to his hair and it slowly traveled down to that familiar chiseled jaw. What did it for me was that crooked grin that was etched in my brain. Oh. My. God. I had come face to face with The Phantom, my beautiful stranger. The guy who gave me the most intense pleasure I had never known existed. The guy who had starred in my dreams every night. The guy who had fallen asleep with me and then left me without as much as a simple goodbye . My beautiful stranger who happened to be Jasper's brother… "Hello, I'm Edward. So nice to meet you." He extended his hand toward me. I tentatively took his hand in mine, immediately feeling the heat radiating through my body. "Hi. I'm Bella." Things were about to get extremely interesting. Happy Halloween to me. Special thanks to ForeverYoung82 for her beta services. So, what do you think? Review and let us know! Your responses mean so much to us :)