followed my head back as the salty liquor burned down my throat. He sat the glass down and picked up a lime wedge and placed it between my lips and I sucked the tart juice to sooth the slight burning in my throat. I could feel his eyes on me and I licked my lips as he removed the lime my tongue ghosting across his knuckles. He growled deep in his throat and gripped my hips pulling me closer. I could feel how hard he was. His cock straining against the zipper of his snug jeans. "Your turn" I said handing him the salt shaker from behind me. He took it with his left hand leaving his right on my hip. His thumb stroking the exposed skin at my waist sending tremors through my body. He smiled that melt your panties crooked grin of his. I swear on all that is holy I almost came just from that sexy smile. "I can't decide"he whispered. "Can't decided what?"I asked in a deep breathy voice I didn't recognize. "Where I want to taste you first sweet thing" he drawled. I held my breath as his mouth hovered over my skin almost touching, but not quite. He moved from one side to the other. I about passed out from the anticipation or maybe it was from holding my breath. Ether way if he didn't touch me soon I was going to explode and then I couldn't be held responsible for my actions. At this point I was ready to shove him backwards and fuck him against the jukebox. As if reading my thoughts he laughed. "Patience" he whispered in my ear as his tongue finally zeroed in on the sensitive spot behind my right ear. My knees gave out the second his tongue made contact with my flesh. If I hadn't been leaning against the bar I would have landed on my ass in a quivering mess of horny goo. His right arm slid around my back helping to keep me upright. His wet tongue slid down my neck where it slightly lingered in the hollow of my collar bone. He sprinkled the salt there and reached for the other shot glass. His eyes drifted down to my cleavage again and I knew what he has thinking. So I took the shot glass from him and snuggled it firmly between my breasts. I couldn't help but wish it was his hot cock squeezed between my tits instead of the cold shot glass. He got the last lime from the bar and held it up. With a lifted brow he challenged me. I took it from his fingers and placed it flesh side out between my wet lips. That heavenly smile again and than he leaned into me his warm tongue lapping up the salt on my neck and then sliding down slowly toward the shot glass nestled firmly in my cleavage. He paused, his sharp teeth nipping at the skin of my breast. I couldn't stop the moan from escaping around the lime between my lips. He chuckled and continued his slow torturous path to the shot glass. He grasped the glass between his teeth and pulled it up and out. He threw his head back drinking all of the tequila in one gulp. As he swallowed I was mesmerized by the bobbing of his Adam's apple and the thick column of his tanned neck. I wanted to taste every inch of it. He sat the glass down on the bar and lowered his eyes to mine. His stormy blue eyes had turned a deep dark sapphire and they shone with desire. Both of his hands slid down to my ass lifting me and placing me on a high bar stool. We were now eye to eye and he was standing between my parted thighs. His lips met mine and I bit down on the lime squeezing the juice into his mouth. He growled removing the lime with his teeth and spitting it across the room landing in the middle of a table full of people. I giggled and was about to comment about the looks on their faces, but suddenly his lips were back on mine. At first I couldn't think or breath. His lips were strong and firm the way a mans should be. His tongue pressed against my lips and it was immediately granted entry. As his tongue tangled with mine I remembered Rose telling me men loved it when you suck on their tongues . "It makes them think of you sucking on their cocks" she had instructed me. I defiantly wanted Big Sexy here to be thinking about me sucking on his cock because sexy pixie most certainly had that on her to do list, so I gently started to suck on his tongue . Encouraged by the deep growl my sucking produced from him I sucked harder. He pulled me to the edge of the stool pushing himself further between my thighs. His hardness now throbbed directly against my wet panties. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer still, he tasted of tequila and lime. I never wanted this kiss to end. It was the most perfect thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. His hands were drifting from my hips to back. His fingers making slow lazy circles on my lower back. He was driving me insane. I could feel the pressure building I needed to slow things down or I was gonna come right here in the middle of this crowded bar. "Let's dance cowboy" I said hopping off the bar stool and leading him towards the dance floor. I couldn't help but laugh at the shocked and confused look on his face. I am working on the next part. Let me know what you think. Good, bad, or what not. And if anyone is interested in betaing this and the second part please let me know.