rolled onto my back and pulled Bella on top of me, my arms encircled around her small waist. She responded enthusiastically never once protesting my touch. Before long, we were lost in one another, in a haze. Not a word was spoken, just our bodies doing the talking for us. We solidified our bond and I knew without a shadow of a doubt I'd never allow myself to be away from Bella again. After my patrol, I wanted to check on Bella. I hadn't pushed her since the whole Paul thing. She seemed to be going through the motions, taking each day in stride and refusing to go and visit Paul. They both were too stubborn for their own good. Unfortunately, there was also a pool about how long they'd last staying away from each other. Some of the others had bet on hours, days, weeks. Jake went as far as to bet that Bella would move across the country to get away from Paul. Alpha-Sour-Pants was in denial. My day for the bet had come and gone. I even went as far as going by Paul's house and beating his wolf form with a frying pan. Nothing seemed to work. I was coming off of a 12 hour patrol and I was exhausted but I loved my sister and I knew if something like this, knock on wood, was to happen to me with Embry, she'd be right there with me every chance she got. When I stepped into the house I smelled a very Paul-like scent everywhere. Following it to Bella's room, I opened the door as quietly as I could. Inside, there they lay, completely naked. With the opening of the door came a small draft which caused Bella to shift impossibly closer to Paul. That set off a chain of events I will never be able to unsee. Paul trapped Bella under him, ran his hand down her leg and hiked it over his hip and then I watched his back muscles tense as he thrust forward forcing Bella's headboard to bang on the wall. I heard a loud growl and a "mine" reverberate around the room before I was able to close the door. When I turned around I was surprised to see a smirking Embry standing with his arms crossed over his chest. "I never took you for the voyeuristic type, Lee-Lee," He chuckled and wrapped his arm around my shoulders, leading me toward the stairs. "Shut up. We are never talking about that again." I growled and took the steps two at a time when I heard Bella screaming out Paul's name. A laughing Embry followed me to the forest where we started our game of tag where I purposely let him catch me. It was good for his fragile male ego and I tended to enjoy when Embry's possessive side came out. 1 year later… "Little Bird if we don't leave now, we're going to be late!" I called up to the bedroom of our house. It had taken three weeks for Bella to move in with me well, for Leah to basically tell her to move in with me, in the nicest, most sisterly way. According to Leah, Bella's a screamer. I liked it. "This is all your fault!" I heard from the bedroom and I rolled my eyes. Everything is my fault lately. "I just bought this dress and now it doesn't fit. Leah's going to kill me." Yeah, I knocked her up. It wasn't all my fault. I blame Black. He wouldn't stop giving her the eyes. Every time he laid his eyes on her, I had to claim my Little Bird. Now she's four months pregnant and already bigger than Emily's six month pregnant belly. Each time someone tells her she's going to give birth to a litter of pups I get a death glare and threats of sleeping on the couch. I'll take it, all of it, because it means she smells like me. She's round with my child, maybe children, the Forks doc is a quack. "Babe! Leah's going to be halfway to her honeymoon if we don't leave now!" I call again, knowing I'm going to get the death glare once again. Before I can finish though, Bella's coming down the steps, not waddling, she's glowing. She's beautiful. Perfect. She's mine. "I look like a house," Bella's bottom lip pouts out and I want to kiss it which will lead to a whole nother set of reasons why we'd be late. "You look amazing." There aren't words to describe her. Things haven't always been this perfect. Bella and I can fight like cats and dogs when we want to. After that first night, if we weren't screaming at each other we were naked in a bed or near any flat surface. It was hard, it's still hard. We're adjusting to the idea of a baby joining our family. Bella liked to talk about destiny and how from the beginning we were meant for each other. I mean, I turn into a giant wolf and fight vampires so I guess anything is possible. Bella is mine and that's all that matters to me. Embry finally wrangled Leah into marrying him. It wasn't easy. He had to have asked her at least twenty times before she said yes. I'd never seen Leah so vulnerable before but when she broke down in Bella's lap, crying about the possibility of Embry leaving her, I selfishless felt content knowing I'd never allow Bella to feel that way. Joining the wedding party, I looked around and realized this whole giant mess of a pack was my family. I'd gone from manwhore extraordinaire to a soon to be dad and family man. It was amazing to notice all the changes and looking at my girl, standing next to her sister, with a giant smile on her face, I knew, maybe she was right, there's no use fighting our destiny and she's mine.