» « Agreed. » I gently pushed her dress down. Her hands clutched my elbows. « I love you. » she breathed. « Again ... » I moaned, stroking the curve of her breast, my nose in her neck. She opened my blouse, throwing it on the bed behind her. Her slender legs were barely touching the sheets. Somehow, the idea of making love to her on my lab coat instantly managed to turn me on. « I … (she kissed me) love … (then she bit me) you. (she threw my shirt on the floor) » « Esme ... » was all I could utter in response. I laid her down on the bed, and watched as her hair tangled with the buttons of my blouse. Gently, I ran my hands through them, careful not to pull too hard. She closed her beautiful eyes. « No... » I murmured. « Look at me, my love. » Obediently, she opened her eyes, and I kissed the tip of her nose, then her forehead. « So soft... » I breathed, warmth roaring inside my chest. « You too... » she sighed. The moon was now lighting our tender August night. I wished I could dim the light from the nighstands a tiny bit. But perhaps this single silver light would have been to cold and harsh for such a beautiful night ? « What are you thinking ? » I bent down to kiss her. « I was thinking about the light of the moon. » Esme chuckled lightly. She ran her hands through my hair, ruffling them a bit. I noticed that she still had her bra on, much to my discontent. « I don't want the moon to see you. » she whispered. It was my turn to chuckle. « Do you want me to close the curtains ? » I asked. « Do you want to ? » « If that makes you happy, my love, of course I want to. » Landing one soft peck on her lips, I stood up. I could see Esme's silent appreciation of my body, and I smiled fondly. I gently stroke her leg, which had been hooked up against my hip, and bent to kiss her knee. Once the curtains were closed, I was back with her immediatly. I nestled my nose in her breasts, kissing here and there. I slid the straps down her smooth arms, and lovingly kissed her shoulders. Her hand went back to my hair. I could feel her breath on my neck. She sheltered me in her warm embrace, impatient. I was dying with desire. She reached behind her to unclasp her bra (the exact same colour of her skin), and I took it from her, throwing it on the bed. I took a moment to admire her chest, feeling a harsh heat burning in my stomach, while my ferocious love for her hammered my heart. I moaned. I couldn't help it. Esme arched her back, uttering my name in a sigh. Her white breasts were absolutely divine. I was unable to resist. I kissed her nipple, fighting my urge to bite it. Once again, I lost control, and groaned softly. My nose burried in her white skin, I rolled my tongue up and down, thrusting into her as my desire grew stronger. Her milky skin was so damn soft … And her breast smelled so sweet. My thumb was sliding on the curve of her right breast, while I worshiped the other. I couldn't bring myself to stop. The thought almsot made me choke back a sob. She was moaning my name, over and over again. Her arms locked behind her head, my palms found their own way to join hers. I wasn't controling anything, lost as I was. « God, I want you ... » I said, shaking. « Take me, Carlisle. » she ordered, her hands pulling me to her. She did not need to say it twice. Next second, I was completely naked, and so was she. Feeling her wetness against my thigh made me swallow a moan. « Take me... » she whispered. And I was lost inside of her. The sensation of our bodies becoming one was so brutal, so soft and violent, that I cried out instantly. I felt the roughness of my lab coat on my legs, and I groaned, taking Esme in my arms, craddling her to keep her back from the fabric. She straddled me, each leg on either side of my hips, and rode me until I lost it. I lost everything : my control, my voice, and even my name. But I remembered hers perfectly, and I remarquably failed to utter it. She knew I was close … and I knew she was. I felt her walls clench me, so hard I cried her name out. She was on the very brink of her climax, while I was deep in mine, panting and moaning in her neck. My hands found her breasts, and she climaxed. In that very moment, I could have taken her again. She was so breathtaking, curled up in my arms, her beautiful hair falling all over my chest. I breathed deeply, taking in her sweet scent. And I thought of how good it would be to make love to her while a tiny kitten tried very hard to catch her attention … I couldn't stop myself, and I asked : « My love ? » « Yes ? » she whispered, still in my lap, rocking herself on me. Oh God. What was I going to say ? « You are wonderful, Carlisle. » « And you are delicious. » She laughed. « What did you want to ask me ? » she asked, playing with my hair. « Would you like to adopt a kitten ? » SEE YOU IN THE NEXT EPISODE ! Please don't forget to review. I put my entire heart into this story. xxx Alice.