on him. On the other hand, he hadn't made this very easy on her, either. "You've got a bit of a temper, don't you?" he asked. No one ever called him out like this except Rosalie. "I don't like double standards," she said. He longed to explain. But how could he? And would she ever look at him with that look in her eyes again if she knew? His concentration broke as he heard Mike Newton's appraisal of the tension between Bella and himself. The imbecile was considering coming over to defend her – as if she needed his help. "Your boyfriend seems to think I'm being unpleasant to you — he's debating whether or not to come break up our fight." Edward informed Bella with an angry snicker. He didn't like the idea of anyone else rescuing her. "I don't know who you're talking about," she replied coolly. "But I'm sure you're wrong anyway." "I'm not. I told you, most people are easy to read." "Except me, of course." "Yes. Except for you. I wonder why that is…" he trailed off, lost in thought. She took a sip of lemonade and he noticed for the first time that she had no food in front of her. "Aren't you hungry?" he asked. "No. You?" "No, I'm not hungry," he smiled to himself. How lucky she was that he wasn't. "Can you do me a favor?" she said, suddenly serious. "That depends on what you want," he replied warily. "It's not much," she assured, staring at her lemonade bottle. "I just wondered… if you could warn me beforehand the next time you decide to ignore me for my own good. Just so I'm prepared." Her pinkie finger traced the bottle opening. Edward stifled his laugh. "That sounds fair." She looked up. "Thanks." He seized the opportunity. "Then can I have one favor in return?" "One." "Tell me one theory." She glared. "Not that one." "You didn't qualify, you just promised one answer," he reminded her. She raised an eyebrow. "And you've broken promises yourself." "Just one theory – I won't laugh," he begged. He wasn't sure whether he was more eager for her to be wrong, or nervous that she would be right. Or was he secretly eager for her to be right? "Yes you will." Edward knew by this point how to get his way from humans. He looked down, then turned his gaze slowly up to meet hers through his lashes. "Please?" he breathed. She blinked. "Er, what?" "Please tell me just one little theory." He could tell that it was working. "Um, well, bitten by a radioactive spider?" He sat back up. "That's not very creative," he smirked. "I'm sorry, that's all I've got." "You're not even close." "No spiders?" "Nope." "And no radioactivity?" "None." "Dang." "Kryptonite doesn't bother me either," he added with a laugh. She raised her perfect eyebrows. "You're not supposed to laugh, remember?" Edward composed his face. "I'll figure it out eventually," she said warningly. That wiped the smile off his face. Would she figure it out? How could she not, being in close proximity to him? Part of him was relieved by the idea of her finally knowing and him being able to give up the charade. Pretending to be human was exhausting most of the time. But he also knew that no human would want to spend time with her own personal predator. Would she run screaming from him in the opposite direction? The idea sent a flash of pain through him. "I wish you wouldn't try," he told her. "Because?" He thought about how to say what he wanted to say without actually saying it. "What if…" he started thoughtfully. "I'm not a superhero? What if I'm the bad guy?" He smiled so as not to scare her, though he knew too well that he was the bad guy. Her eyes widened. "Oh. I see." Instantly he was worried he had said too much. "Do you?" "You're dangerous?" Yes, Bella, I am dangerous. So dangerous that I can think of 100 different, easy ways to kill you right now. My venom would paralyze you. My hands would crush you. I would gladly drink all of your blood right now and it would be the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted. But after I did that I would probably want to kill myself. "But not bad," she whispered, shaking her head. "No, I don't believe that you're bad." She knew he wasn't human, but she wouldn't say that if she knew what he actually was. "You're wrong," he said quietly, spinning the lid of her bottle on the table. What the hell was he doing? Spilling his family's secret and endangering the girl he – felt something for – all at once? And why couldn't he make himself stop? Finally Bella looked around and jumped to her feet. "We're going to be late." "I'm not going to class today," he replied, still focusing on the bottle top. They were blood-typing in Biology. "Why not?" "It's healthy to ditch class now and then." And also if I smelled your blood I'd probably kill you right then and there. "Well I'm going," she said, uncertainly. Would she put two and two together once she saw what the class activity was? Surely not. Humans were too stubborn to believe in fairy-tale monsters. "I'll see you later then," she added, rushing away as the first bell rang. Her hair whipped the air behind her, leaving behind her a trail of her delicious floral scent that scorched his throat. Edward didn't watch her walk away. He remained seated, watching the bottle top spin round and round with his thoughts. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. 103