succumbed to the fact that I'd never see Bella again. I had screamed and screamed as I watched the house go up in flames. Emmett and Peter held me back. I had needed to go in and save Jasper. I just knew he needed my help but they wouldn't let me. I would never get that image out of my head. Even now, years later, I couldn't shake it. It didn't matter if I was busy working or if we were hunting. I could flash back to that moment and seize up, unable to move until I'm shaken from the image in my head. Rose was the best person for me to rely on throughout all of it. We rehashed all the shit from before. We decided that Carlisle was just as guilty as Edward and Alice and sent him to the Volturi for further investigation. They'd ended his existence too quickly for my liking but Esme was safe and away from him which made all of us feel better. She liked to mother us all even though we were grown adults but Peter, who wouldn't remember his mother, flourished under her care. Charlotte thought it was amusing and Emmett had always craved more attention from Esme. She had been so focused on Alice and Edward the rest had almost been neglected. My job for the Volturi was finished. Once the Edward and Alice situation was finished, Jane and the rest took care of who was threatening my family. It turned out Victoria had held a grudge against me and was determined to destroy anything that meant anything to me. I took over Jasper's exterminator job after the incident. Things still needed to be done and I had to work to keep busy. It had been Rose's idea to incorporate humans into the job. She said a lot of humans went missing, whether they were being trafficked or if they ran away. We could help the families since we had unlimited time on our hands and the ability to travel faster and cheaper than anyone else. Over the years we've lived in many houses but I was partial to this one. Jasper and I had reaquainted in this house. We'd become mates in this house. Apparently it was where Jasper had come just after Alice had kicked him out. The woods surrounding the house was expansive and there was always trees to climb to sit in and observe. "You know, Jasper climbed up a tree like this once. I literally ran into it to get him down since he was pouting," Peter's voice traveled up the truck to my sensitive ears. "He told me that story. I can't believe you ruined a perfectly good tree," I called down to him with a small giggle. "Why are you up there moping anyway?" Pete sounded concerned but not overly. "Just thinking," I swung my feet, hanging on the branch. "I miss him." Peter sighed and made his way up the tree to join me on the other side. I looked at him with a sad smile and shrugged my shoulders. "Darlin' he just went a few states over to help them boys get home." Peter shook his head, "Then he'll be back in the morning for that monstrosity of a wedding my wife planned." Jasper hadn't died in the fire at the Cullen house. I thought for sure he'd been ash. The house had gone up in flames so fast and he wasn't coming out fast enough for my liking. I was held back screaming his name over and over again. Smoke traveled out of the house, clouding our vision and then there he was, standing in front of me, pulling me into his arms. "I thought I lost you," I had said to him, my fingers traveling down his face, "don't you scare me like that every again." "Yes ma'am," Jasper spoke and placed his lips to mine. He wasn't out of my sight often for a long time after that. We never did jobs alone, until this one. There was a few boys that had been sold into a sex trafficking ring. They were skittish around women and so Emmett took my spot on this trip. I didn't like it and I was twitching waiting for him to return. "Tell me I don't have to push you out of this tree to get you to stop pouting," Peter chided me with a grin. Just as I was about say I'd push him first, a familiar scent drifted up to me. "Jasper," I whispered. I dropped from the tree landing directly in front of him. "Whoa there darlin' you okay?" Jasper peppered my forehead with kisses, coming down my nose and reaching my lips. "I just missed you. I don't like being that far from you," I tried not to sound so pathetic but it wasn't working. "Oh, sweetheart, I'm sorry," Jasper held me tight and I breathed in his scent to calm me down. "Now ain't that the sweetest thing you ever seen," Pete's voice teased from above. I lifted an eyebrow at Jasper and nodded towards the tree. At the same time we ran into it causing the tree to fall and Peter to curse our existences as he came crashing down onto the ground. We laughed, making our way home to the house full of of family, while Pete chased us his threats not containing the heat one would normally associate with the words. Life was good and nothing would ever take us from each other, I was sure of it. A/N: Holy moly. I didn't think I was going to get through this one. I had so many ideas and they just kept coming. I couldn't help but play a little at the end. I thought it was a good surprise. Hopefully you guys like it. Leave a review with a request if you have one. Name a pairing. Anything. Message me. Please? Love you guys!- A