the powerful and resources came war. With war comes death and destruction. The outcome is the need for order and security. The laws and regulations are formed that the conquered and conquerors must obey. I started the wars and my successors created the laws... I am the eldest vampire in existence. There isn't a day where I don't regret the chaos I once insued in this world. They say we are frozen in time but we all change after catastrophe and compromise." "You have a conscious of right and wrong, Zenobia. That is a redeeming quality." Carlisle remarked kindly. "I admire your unadulterated point of view... Not many vampires have a sense of right and wrong. Most of us go insane with blood lust and stay that way. The vampire who attacked the mortal family was a tracker. Those savages must be destroyed for the secrecy of all Blood drinkers. We must remain myths to the world." Zenobia explained as she continued to another art piece which shown her lover Theramis and his follower Phoebe, "This man is Theramis. He could move objects with his mind and the woman with him is Phoebe... On event; She became a tracker and insanely massacred a whole family to get what she wanted. Which eventually lead to the fall of our Athenian clan thousands of years ago." The last piece displayed Zenobia and her young companion Adrian, "My Adrian was once a boy who was from the conquered land of Gaul(France). He was sold into slavery by the romans. Theramis and I saved him. When he was old enough we changed him. When Theramis disappeared Adrian took care of me and gave me hope." "But he addresses you as if he were your servant." "Before he became a vampire. He was my servant. He is a pure soul even if he's a decieving creature of destruction. He has no power and hate. I love him." Zenobia said warm heartedly. Touching the frame with her gloved right hand. "He wasn't meant for this... Existence... But he lived through the transformation." "Who would damn an innocent little girl? To this existence?" Cullen turned to the very last portrait of a little girl. "That is Callisto. A child who was created by the queen of the Olympic clan to be her daughter. She had a tough life but thanks to her powers she was able to go past the stage of a new born child and come out as a mature vampire. I haven't seen her in thousands of years. With that Volturi law... I wonder if she escaped from their misguidance." "Volturi law?" "The making of vampire children is punishable by death. They created the law because of the mad and uncontrollable blood thirst of these immortal children experience." She explained before entering her studio. Meanwhile Adrian opened the cell doors and entered to see Shelley who sat up on the cot on the floor. He took her hand and raised her up onto her feet, "How are you feeling? Shelley?" "Adrian? What am I doing here?" She asked him. Once she held his hand in hers something else happened: Ice began to form from Adrian's other hand as icicles. "What serendipity! What did you do? To me!?" He asked the girl. "uh, I don't know, Adrian." She chirped. He formed ice with his hand again and smiled, "I believe you awakened something in me." "...oh, okay... What happened to me and my sister?" She asked starting to feel the hunger. "Do you remember anything?" Shelley stared into space for a minute and spoke, "The strange man was chasing after my sister for the past month and after she refused him... He went insane and attacked our family. Set our home on fire and killed our parents. He just would not stop and leave us alone." "He also spoke of your Zenobia and you, Adrian. He wanted to know where the both of you lived." Marjorie whimpered softly holding her sister's hand. "What could anyone want from you?" "I believe Zenobia might know... She 'saved' the both of you from him." He said to the twins and gestured, "Come with me and stay close." Zenobia sat down on an antique couch, crossed her legs, and ran her pale fingers through her long and straight black hair and spoke to her blonde friend, "In the vampire world. Forming a family unit is nessesary for the survival of sanity. I want to venture out into the world and live amongst the mortals once again. I have all the nessesary currency to support us all... but I need guidance in the customs of this time and in return I will support all your endeavors with the fortune I possess and tell you what I know about our kind. Could this be a deal between us? Mr. Cullen?" "To blend in with humans. You will have to change your diet." He said seriously. "My diet? Are you some doctor?... Don't answer that... What will you have me feed on? Instead of murderers and rapists?" Zenobia requested as her eyes fell flat on the blonde's form. "You feed upon murderers and rapists?" Carlisle asked for return. "Humans and vampires who kill for their sick and sexual fantasies deserve to die an early death and their souls damned to the deepest parts of Hades!" She claimed stoically. "Have you tried feeding on animals?" "Animals? The wild animals of Europe are far and in between. There are not many left... Unless you will have me feeding on vermin and sheep. We have more than enough of those... You are afraid to take a human life? Good or evil? Even if they are lower than the deer, vermin, and sheep you feed upon." Zenobia discovered. "I would rather hunt the wolves who prey on the weak than to take an innocent life." He revealed making Zenobia smile. "You can leave the wolves to me. I have hunted many kinds over my long existence."