the caller was. Edward. I answered and eventually agreed to meet him at the border so Emmett could take me home. I really didn't want to but Charlie didn't know where I was and I didn't want to start any problems with Edward. Jake offered to take me to the border but I decided to let Seth go with me instead so I could get to know him better. Emily drove us close to the border and we walked the rest of the way getting to know each other. Without the other boys around Seth was more confident. He wasn't second guessing himself and I liked that. His recount of the first time he phased had me in hysterics. By the time we got to the border I was ready to adopt Seth as my own. "Thanks for coming out here with me Seth." "It's nothing. You're different to what I thought you'd be." "I hope that's a good thing." "It totally is. It's just hard..." He stopped as if he had says too much. "What is?" "Being around them all some times. There's so many of us and so many dynamics and I'm the youngest. I know they care but sometimes they treat me like I'm a kid." "I know what you mean. I'm the baby of the group too, at least the rest of your pack don't have a hundred years on you." "Yeah that would suck." He agreed. "I should come around more often. I missed everyone." "Emily missed you too. We were taking bets on how long it would be before she killed Quil and Embry." I grinned. "They are totally crazy. But don't let them push you around." "I'll try." "Good. Us kids have to stick together." Emmett pulled up to the border and I quickly hugged Seth goodbye. The werewolf nodded to Emmett before running off into the woods and phasing. My smile dropped as he ran out of sight back to Emily's. Rosalie was in the passenger seat so I sat in the back. She wrinkled her nose. "You reek of wet dog." She complained. "So who was the kid?" Emmett asked. "That's Seth. He's the newest and youngest of the pack. He's really sweet." "Hey! I'm you're favorite." Emmett frowned as he began to drive back to his house. "I'm not sure Edward would agree with you." "Edward can bite me." "I'm the only one who is allowed to bite you." Rosalie huffed. Emmett leaned over to kiss her. "I know babe." "Emmett watch the road!" I yelled. "Awww come on Bells! I've been driving since before you were born." "Doesn't mean you're a good driver." I teased. "Ouch." He grinned. We made it back to their house alive. I'm pretty sure that only happened because Rosalie kept hitting Emmett every time he tried to kiss her on the way back. If I never drive with Emmett again I'll be happy. I don't even know why I was driving with Emmett. Why hadn't Edward picked me up? As we walked into the lounge room I could hear arguing. Jasper and Edward were at heads again presumably over what course of action we should take with the newborns. I wish they wouldn't fight. I can't help but feel like I'm causing all the problems in the house. "You're not." Jasper turned to me. "What?" I asked. "It's not your fault." "How?" "Empath, remember?" He says before turning back to Edward. "I'm not putting her at risk." Edward snapped. "Well she won't leave." "She won't have a choice." "You don't get to make that decision." "The hell I don't." "Wait what? I'm not leaving?" I says panicking. Edward turned to me. "Yes you are." "No I'm not." "Bella it's not safe." "My dad's here, Edward. Jakes here too." "Bella you could get hurt." "I trip over flat surfaces." Emmett snickered. "So true, you are clumsiest person I know little sister." I turned to Edward. "I'm not leaving." "Bella-" "You can't take that decision away from me." "You're not thinking clearly." "Edward it's tactically better if she stays." Jasper says. "I don't care. It's not happening." "What do you mean, Jasper?" I ask. "You need to be guarded while the fight happens. We haven't planned who is staying with you yet but it will be easier on everyone if you're around. That way we aren't worrying about you and you aren't worrying about us." "I'm going to be the one guarding her." Edward snaps. "We need the best fighters in battle Edward." "I don't care, I'm staying with Bella." "Edward!" I yell and everyone looks at me. "Please stop." "Bella you can't seriously tell me you don't want me with you." "Of course I do but Jasper is right. We need the best fighters in the battle, not on the side lines." "And what if you get hurt? What happens if you get hurt because I'm not there?" "Edward do you trust me?" "You know I do." He says quickly. "Good because I trust Jasper. Stop fighting him." Edward sighed and nodded but I could tell he wasn't happy with me. I also knew he didn't like what I'd said to him, especially in front of the others. Well too bad, we were all in serious trouble and Carlisle had said Jasper was the expert. There was no reason not to trust him. If we wanted to survive this we had to leave emotion at the door. I just wasn't sure Edward could do that. So there we go. It's the beginning of everything. I wonder how long it will take before cracks begin in Edward and Bella's relationship? Honestly I don't know, I plan to do what I always do and let the story write itself. What do you think of Karina? Want to get to know her more? Should Seth and Bella do a little more bonding? Does Bella get turned? Who are two unlikely characters you'd like to see spend time together?