in my life right now. My eyes flicker up for one moment, and our gazes lock. I see bright fury in the depths of his eyes. It pisses me off. I glare right back at him, not willing to back down for a single moment. Asshole, who the hell does he think he is to look at me with such contempt. Edward seems abruptly taken aback by my measuring glare. Good. Hope he jokes on it. The bell goes only moments later, and I swiftly look away from stony mc pebble face. Although somewhere inside my head I've begun calling him Ward, because I knew an Edward back home who was also an asshole, and hated it when people called him 'Ward'. I suppose I could call him 'Teddy', but that seems too cutesy for such a...strange creature. Because by this point I'm leaning away from 'human being'. Anyway, Edward/Ward/Teddy, manages to escape from the classroom before I can even turn around. I feel relieved. Not at all disappointed. I promise. I grab my stuff, intent on getting to my next class before my hand can start twitching again, but I'm stopped by another male voice behind me, not Beany this time though. Unfortunately. "Aren't you Everlyna Swan?" I look up, suppressing a sigh. The boy in front of me is blond, cute and friendly. The usual all american small town kind of guy. Like I said, I don't like to judge, but this time I think I'm definitely right. "Just, Ever, actually. But you can call me Sydney" I reply readily, a smile on my face, trying to be friendly for once. I don't want to be mean to this kid just because another guy I don't even know is an asshole. Blondy blinks rapidly at me, as if unsure how to respond. But eventually he says, "I already met your twin, Bella" I wave a hand and joke, "Nah, Bella and I aren't twins. She's actually adopted, we just molded her to look like me in the lab" Mike gives me that goldfish stare again, which is why I decide to name him officially, Goldy. Apparently people in this town have a thing for ignoring weird things, however, because Goldy just says, "Do you need help getting to your next class?" I shake my head quickly, "No, no, I've got gym, I think I can find it" But then Goldy's face lights up like a puppy, and I internally groan before he even gets the next words out of his mouth, "Oh, great, that's my next class too" So we end up walking together, making small talk. I hate small talk. Goldy ends up telling me his life story though, including the fact that he lived in California until he was ten, so he understands about missing the sun. I don't, not really, but, I do wonder if he told this story to Bella. She'd probably get a kick out of it. When we get to the gym however, Goldy lingers instead of going into the locker rooms, and says, "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." I decide to play dumb again, "Who?" "You know, the guy you sat next to in bio" Goldy supplies. I shrug non-commitally, "I dunno" which is true, I really don't know why Edward was acting so oddly towards me, "I haven't spoken to him" and I don't intend to either. "He's a weird guy." Mike says seriously, he smiles warmly at me "If I were lucky enough to sit by you, I would have talked to you." Oh dear demon babies everywhere! What is happening? This is even worse than Beany's beautiful comment. I think I'd rather be glared at by Edward. "Um, thanks Goldy, have a good...gym...meeting...thingy" I say before quickly slipping into the girls changing room. When the final bell rings, Bella wants to go and hand something into the front desk. I rush out instead so I don't have to deal with questions about my skipped classes. I can deal with that tommorrow. Or never, maybe. I wait inside Gordan for Bella. Only a few minutes later, Bella comes out and gets inside Gordan, slamming the door. Hard. My sister looks about to cry, which means she is either really pissed off, or genuinely upset. "What the hell happened?" I ask worriedly, wanting to know what fuckhead made my sister feel this distraught so quickly. Bella sniffs a little and shakes her head, "Nothing, I'm fine" "Liar" I argue, "Tell me" Bella squeezes her eyes shut and whispers, "He hates me" What? "Who hates you?" I ask in confusion. "John-Paul Cullen" Bella spits out. Ah, so both the Cullen twins need a swift kick to the face. "Why would you think he hates you?" Still not really getting it. Bella looks right at me and says, sounding hurt and confused, "He kept giving me a disgusted look all the way through class, and then I heard him in the office trying to switch classes so he wouldn't have to be in the same one as me" Ok, well now I think she's overreacting. There's no way anyone would cut a class just to get away from someone they haven't even spoken to. That's just stupid. I try to convince Bella of this, but she won't listen. My twin sinks into a poole of her own self hatred, and there's nothing I can do to yank her our short of crashing our car. Which I won't do, because Gordan is my friend. And you don't crash your friends. On the drive home I find myself thinking again about Edward Cullen and the rest of his strangely compelling family. I get the feeling that no matter what I do from now on, my life won't ever be simple again. Please, please, please, let me know what you think! Reviews are my oxygen people! I must have them xxx ;)