had been clutching onto Jaspers' hand for all she was worth during the entire time that Carter was present. They'd had a family meeting and were all informed that Carter was different. Carlisle told them that she had come in for a check-up at the hospital two days before and the doctor had tested some of her blood, telling her it was just a new protocol. He'd told them he found an anomaly within her blood cells which may have caused her to be immune to the mental abilities Alice, Edward and Jasper possessed; it also explained her scent. This did not sit well for Alice. She needed to know the future; needed to know everything that would come to pass about everybody they met. Carlisle declared that she wasn't a threat but Alice would keep an eye on her. She didn't trust the girl as far as she could see the girls' future: not at all. Carter chatted briefly with the Cullen's; mundane topics like favourite subjects, favourite teachers, the differences between living in Alaska and living in Washington. "Well, it has been an absolute pleasure to have finally met you all. I hope that the town of Forks has been treating you all with the respect you deserve. Enjoy the rest of today; I've got to head to the library. See you in class Jasper." She shot them a quick salute before walking off. They immediately began talking at vampiric speeds when they heard laughter. They all turned their heads to the source. Standing by the entrance into the cafeteria was Carter: clothes now stained and soaked through. "Oh my God Carter, I didn't see you there! I've totally just killed your outfit." The senior girl said, laughing along with her friends as they stood up to hi-five her. "It's alright. No harm, no foul right? This'll be easy to fix. If I can get blood out of my clothes I'm sure this will prove to be no problem whatsoever." She said, walking into the corridor, figure retreating at a normal pace. Stacy had paled after Carter said the word blood, as if remembering exactly who she had spoken to. "You don't scare me Carter! I've got witnesses here! You can't do anything to me." Stacy had gone to take a few steps forward. She had forgotten about the mess on the floor though, so she didn't get very far, slipping on the coloured sports drink and food stuffs from her tray, she hit her head on the table and landed awkwardly on her right arm. The surrounding girls ran to her side, helping her back up as she cried out indignantly, blaming Carter for her accident despite the girl being out of view. Hearing a further commotion, Carter backtracked, peeking around the corner, and assessing the situation , decided to have a bit more fun. "Have a nice day Stacy!" She shouted and, much to her amusement some of the girls actually screamed in fright. Emmett was having trouble controlling his laughter and, because of this, Jasper looked as if he were ready to burst. Rosalie had her lip upturned in disgust directed towards the group of preppy seniors. "She tried to kill me! Look what she did!" The teen wailed, clutching her arm desperately. The Cullen's soon tuned out the annoying sounds of the girls' high-pitched whining and went back to their conversation. "Wait." Emmett said. "Where's Edward?" '' "Hey, are you okay? I saw what happened back there. Do you need any help?" Edward said as he caught up to Carter just before she entered the library. "Thank you for asking but I'm perfectly fine. A little food and juice never hurt anybody too badly." "I wanted to apologise for before, for staring at my hand. It wasn't because I shook your hand or anything I just-" "It's okay Edward. I was only messing with you. You still have quite a bit of time before class. You should go finish your food. I'll see you around." Edward went to raise his hand in a gesture to stop the girl from leaving but she was gone. Edward looked towards his hand again and closed his eyes. Emmett would forever taunt him with this. There was no doubt about that. '' "What happened to you?" Was the first thing Charlie said to her when she returned home that afternoon. "An accident in the cafeteria. No worries though, I can get the stains out." "You didn't tell a teacher did you?" When she confirmed his suspicions Charlie just looked at her. "Carter, you can't allow people to treat you like this. This is ridiculous. I'm ringing up the school." Charlie went to dial in the number when Carter tried to snatch the phone away from him. "Stop it. Carter, stop being silly, this is a serious matter." "Please Charlie? Don't make a big deal out of it. I'm fine, I'm not hurt and the person responsible ended up spraining their arm after they slipped over the mess they made. Karma dealt out justice and I am confident that the person won't go near me again." "Car-" "Please?" He let out a sigh before pressing the little red button on the phone and putting the handset down. "Now I've got to go to La Push in twenty minutes time so I'll whip something up for you to eat and I'll see you Thursday. Bye Charlie. Be careful out there." She hugged the man and he returned the affectionate gesture before grabbing his police coat and walking out of the house. "You be careful too Carter and I don't want to hear about any other accidents this year, alright?" "Sure Charlie. No more accidents." '' Authors note: This is a complete rewrite of the story I previously had up, by the same title. The original was a much more humourous sort of story but I wrote an alternate version (this one) and liked it better. I hope you've enjoyed it.