got home from the party my father had told us how he hoped Lord Beckett would want my sister's hand in marriage. But when I went upstairs there was a note lying on my bed. It said his name was Archie and we would meet again. I felt in heaven. This beautiful man seemed to find me interesting enough to talk to me and kiss me. I touched my lips to see if they were still cold but my warmth had already spread to them. In the following days the news that Lord Beckett had disappeared had reached the ears of my family and thus mine as well. I was devastated. The beautiful man I would not meet again and I would be trapped in this world forever. Years went by and though I had not forgotten about him, I had moved on with my life. I would be eighteen in a few days and my mother was planning my engagement party. I had become rather beautiful if I may say so myself. My red hair had become darker and had a more beautiful shine to it now. My body was that of a woman now and my mother called it my greatest asset. I had blushed when my father told me how many young men had come to him, asking for my hand in marriage. I couldn't help but secretly still be waiting for that beautiful man I had met such a long time ago. Eventually my parents had decided for me to wed Frederick Burkham, the son of a wealthy man. Frederick was a nice man and easy on the eyes but he was normal and over the years my dislike of the ordinary had only increased. I wanted something extraordinary in my life and it looked like I would never have it. My mother had pulled a gown over my head, similar to the one Daphne wore all those years ago that had made me green with envy. I loved this beautiful gown as well and was glad to wear something a little more special for once. I had been twirling around in my room when my father had called me down, saying the guests were arriving. It was a small party since my father only wanted people who mattered to come. Frederick had told me how nice I looked but since he had already said the same thing to three other girls, it held no meaning to me. I would have been more pleased if he said I was ugly. At least that way I would have stood out to him and standing out was what I wanted. I wanted people to acknowledge the fact that I was different, that I was extraordinary. After an hour of conversing with people I didn't like about things that didn't interest me, I had snuck outside for some fresh air and a moment to clear my head. I had been sipping a glass of wine when I heard it. I couldn't pinpoint what the sound was exactly but it had come from the large shed behind my house. The smartest and most sensible thing to do would be to quickly enter the house but like I said, I didn't like normal so I approached the shed. I opened the door to reveal an emptiness. Where was the source of the sound? " Is anybody there?" I asked. But like expected, no answer came. I took a step inside and since nothing happened, I walked to the middle of the shed. It was rather large and there were so many dark places someone could be hiding. It was more like a barn really, one with two floors. Maybe there was someone on the second one. Climbing the stairs I couldn't help but feel there was something watching me. Coming upstairs I thought I saw something moving in the far corner. Foolish as I was, I approached it. I couldn't see what was there in front of me but I still kept walking. My foot got caught in something and I fell flat on the wooden floor. I groaned, trying to get up. And when I opened my eyes after closing them to brace me for the fall, I looked straight in the eyes of Frederick's sister. Her dead eyes. I wanted to scream bloody murder but before I could, a hand pulled me to my feet and put the other one on my mouth. I was looking at the man that had been the main subject of my dreams for years now. The beautiful man with the red eyes. Archie. " You will be the crown jewel." He whispered to me before lowering his mouth to my neck. There had been a time I craved to feel those lips and those hands again but this was nothing like my memory. It wasn't gentle, neither was it pleasant. The way he yanked my head back by my hair brought tears to my eyes. When his teeth pierced my skin, they rolled down my cheeks. This wasn't what I had wanted. He had promised me something new, something special, something wonderful. This wasn't it. There was only pain now. It had started in my neck but slowly spread to my entire body and soon there was a painful stinging over my entire body. I screamed and clawed at his back but he didn't let go. This was it. I was going to die. The beautiful man was killing me. Suddenly he pulled back and my body was dropped to the floor. I couldn't get up anymore. I couldn't do anything but scream for him to make the pain stop. He didn't. He just stood there, watching me crawl on the floor in overwhelming pain. The stinging had intensified and it was now a burning that went through my entire body. I yelled at him to make it stop, soon I was begging him to kill me. It would last for three days.