it was taking not to suck the life out of her, to bury himself so deeply inside her that he would break several bones. If it weren't for the fact that he loved her, he would have. "I do, but I'll take it soon." He kissed her pouting lips, and she opened her mouth to him. He slid his tongue into her mouth. She could taste herself on him, her pussy and her blood, and she found it extremely erotic. Edward had awakened a side of her that she never knew existed, but she knew she never wanted to lose it again. Edward felt that tingling sensation in his balls and knew he wouldn't be able to hold out for nearly as long as he would have liked. Seeing her reaction to the blood, feeling her suck on his tongue as if she wanted to taste herself, was nearly too much for him. He lifted her hips and plunged deeper inside her, swallowing her cry of pleasure and pain as he fucked her harder. His hips slapped against hers, the sound echoing throughout the room. Her legs tightened around him, her feet digging into his ass as she urged him faster and deeper. He complied, speeding up as she started to convulse underneath him. Her pussy clamped against his cock, and he broke their kiss, throwing back his head and letting loose a loud growl as he came deep inside her, his cool venom spilling into her fiery heat. He collapsed against her, and they lay there for an interminable amount of time, him listening to her heartbeat, and Bella running her hands over his back. He found his composure eventually and looked down at her. She was completely sated, smiling lazily as she looked up at him. "That was indescribable," Bella told him. He heard the riot of thoughts in her head, the things she wanted to say and was rejecting as too lame, clichéd, and frightening. They weren't, though. He felt everything that she did. "It was." He stroked her hair away from her face, marveling at its softness. "I know this sounds silly, all things considered, but I feel like before we do this, it should be said." She was confused, and her nose wrinkled a little as she questioned him. "What do you mean?" "I mean, I've already pledged my life to you. You're my mate. I've made love to you. But I haven't said it, and I need to rectify that before we move ahead." "Said what?" She brushed her fingers through his hair, and he leaned into her touch. "I love you." Her eyes filled with tears again, and she nodded. "I love you, too. It's insane, because I don't even know you, but I just do." "We will get to know one another. We've all the time in the world." He'd have to tell her that he could read her mind. He wondered if that would piss her off and decided to deal with that at another time. "I know." She leaned up and kissed him lightly. "Are you ready?" "More ready than I've ever been in my entire life." "Your life has been fleeting, Bella. Twenty-one years is nothing compared to what you're about to be given." "I know. I know my father's going to be pissed. I know my friends will be shocked. I just don't care, though. This is what I want, Edward. Take me." She touched his handsome face again. "Fill me with your poison, just like the song said." He kissed her, long and hard. He released her lips and kissed along her cheek, down to her left ear. "You'll be mine, forever." "That's all I want," she murmured. She'd found it, that missing piece and now everything had clicked into place. He kissed her earlobe, then behind her ear, letting his tongue dart out to taste her soft skin. It felt like forever to Bella until he reached her neck. He sucked on the delicate skin there, catching it in his teeth and sweeping his tongue over the skin without breaking. Bella moaned and wriggled with impatience. He released her and looked down at her, this beauty that had captured him so completely. He kissed her lips one more time. Bella smiled up at him and nodded, completely trusting him with her life. That was intoxicating to Edward, that complete and utter trust. He kissed her wet skin, tasting his venom mixed with the floral flavor that she carried with her. His left hand twined with her right as he opened his mouth and sank his teeth gently into her throat. Her blood poured into his mouth, and her grip on his hand tightened. He lapped at her neck, swallowing mouthfuls of hot blood. Though her taste was unlike anything he'd ever had before, and though he wanted to drain her completely, Edward would not let himself be overcome by her unique, perfect taste. He listened as her heart began to fade. He felt her grip on his hand begin to loosen, and he stopped, pushing his venom into her wound. It wasn't difficult for Edward to work up the venom he needed to change her. He'd only to glance at that pale, naked body beneath him, and his desire started all over again. It would be a long three days, but she was worth the wait. He sealed her neck with a long sweep of his tongue, savoring the last taste of her blood that he'd ever get. Her eyes were closed, and her heart was fluttering softly, no longer the strong beat from before, but strong enough to pump the venom through her veins. Edward moved from atop her, rolling the two of them so that her head rested against his chest. "I'll stay, my love. I'll be right here when you wake." He lay back and began to count the seconds until she awoke, for time was nothing until she was with him again.