body exploded. I tore apart the forest and hunted like the animal I was becoming. The voices in my head screamed for me and when I couldn't take anymore I phased human and began to tear things apart that way. Jake, my best friend, my brother, found me. He didn't approach but spoke to me knowing I could hear him. "The first time I went Alpha on Leah, I cried for three days. Bella told everyone I had the flu and we shut down the garage. I don't even remember what the fight was about but as soon as I felt like I'd punished her enough, I threw up." I understood the feeling. I hated myself for the way I treated Bella. "It gets easier. She'll understand." With that Jake and I sat in silence. Every so often I'd ask him a question. I learned about the Cullens and their treaty and about every other vampire activity that this pack had experienced. Night turned to day and I still hadn't gone home. When I finally did make it home it was mid-afternoon and Bella was nowhere to be found. It didn't take long for me to find her at the garage. She was in her office, staring blankly at stacks of paperwork. I did that to her. I made her like this and I was disgusted with myself. I couldn't eat. I'd hardly slept and I felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach. What had started off as the perfect day became completely unbearable. Vampires. They ruined everything. I know I had that same certainty the rest of the imprinted couples had but Embry was different. He was so angry with me and I deserved it. When I realized he hadn't come home, I made my way to work. I had to keep busy. Some of the other guys were in but not Jake. I'd hoped they were together, working on things. They were brothers. I could hardly believe it. I wasn't getting any work done either and decided I should have just stayed home. What if Embry came home and didn't find me there? I shivered with that thought and tried to rationalize how I felt went Embry went all Alpha on me. I was torn between being turned on by the power he exuded and being terrified for myself. I knew he'd never hurt me but anyone could feel the power rolling off of Embry. I felt his presence before I heard him say my name and I looked up just to watch his face crumble. He took two long strides and scooped me up, holding my close. "I'm so sorry. I wanted to come home, I just couldn't and I couldn't face you after what I'd done." "I love you." That was all I could say. It was the truth and it was really all that mattered. Things didn't necessarily get better after that. Embry had to deal with the pack and see how they would accept him as their Alpha. He had to deal with Billy Black and accept that they were family no matter what. Jake and Embry's newfound brotherhood was the easiest development of all. They'd always felt like brothers so it was nothing new to them except that their blood was actually the same. Embry and I figured things out. He emptied the rest of his mother's boxes and found just how much money Billy had sent them to keep them gone but he also found pictures of himself with his mother, and I held him as he cried. He missed her so much and had dealt with so many changes in the last year. It was all too much to handle. He tried to leave but I wouldn't let him. I couldn't. I was his mate, his imprint, and I needed to comfort him. I stripped him down and took massage oil to his whole body, rubbing him, caressing him, loving him with everything I had in me. It was almost two years later when everything finally seemed to work itself out. There hadn't been any vampire activity in a while, Billy Black had finally embraced Embry as his son, the garage was doing well, the pack was flourishing and Embry and I were perfect. We sat in the same spot Embry had first phased, having a picnic when he laid his head in my lap, stretched out over the blankets, and grabbed my hand, slipping a small diamond ring on my finger. "Marry me, Bella. Just marry me." I agreed and we were married as quickly as possible. There wasn't anything I wouldn't give Embry and I knew he felt the same. I fell in love with him when I thought he was a normal human man but having the Alpha before me, I knew he was my soulmate. Five years after I moved to La Push I watched as Jake chased two gangly little kids through my back yard. Leah had given birth to twin boys who were exactly like their dad. Bella sat on the back porch her round belly more obvious every day. I was going to be a father. I never thought I'd be a father, I didn't know how to be one since I'd never had one. Next to Bella sat my father in his wheelchair. He was talking to her belly, speaking of stories of protectors and cold ones. Bella swatted him away and let out a giggle. My life was perfect, the only thing I could wish for would be for my mom to be here experiencing all of this with me but I knew she watched over us and I knew she'd be happy with the way my life had turned out. Bella caught my eye, running her hand over her belly and mouthed "I love you" to me, I smiled and ran off to join my brother and my nephews running around my yard knowing this was our happily ever after.