but this one intimidated the shit out of me. "What about you? Do you spend your weekends with anyone?" Real fucking smooth, Edward. She laughed lightly and shook her head. "No. Honestly I kind of prefer to watch alone so I can concentrate and see everything. I only came today because I wanted to see the people I'd been playing against, get to know everybody so I know who I'm beating next year." I scoffed at her confidence. "What makes you think you're coming back?" Jess wouldn't be pregnant and Mike would return and I'd be unchallenged, the way it should be. Why didn't that make me feel awesome like it usually did? "According to Jasper, Mike's out for good. Weekends are for family." She rolled her eyes at that crap and I wanted her a little bit more, if that was even possible. "I'm back, unless the group objects." Considering that everyone in the group wanted to bone her, even the guys with wives and girlfriends, I didn't think she'd have a problem getting a majority vote. Even I kind of wanted her back. "I suppose I could use more of a challenge." She laughed. "My name's going to look really nice on that trophy and I have just the place for it on my mantle." My heart clenched a little at the thought of not returning home with MY trophy. But I had to admit the idea of her name being with mine held some appeal. "You haven't won yet, honey." "But I will, baby." She purred the word and I didn't even hide my groan. Fuck it. Might as well make it more interesting. "Want to bet?" Her eyes sparkled with mirth. "The trophy and bragging rights aren't enough for you? What do you have in mind?" Many things, all of which involved her being naked, or maybe just wearing her jersey. It was hot as hell. "The loser has to take the winner to dinner?" Please say yes. I needed to get to know more about her. She laughed and shook her head, cracking my heart in two. "Sounds an awful like you want to go out with me but don't have the balls to ask." Before I could refute that, she stood and I got a view of her fantastic ass. My hands actually twitched with the need to cup those perfect cheeks and pull her onto my lap where I wanted her. Instead, I grabbed her hand and stilled her before she could walk away. She eyed me, cocking a hip and an eyebrow. "Yes?" "And if I did have the balls?" She smiled slowly, licking her lips as she leaned toward me, giving me a great view of her rack. "I'd nail them to the mantle next to my championship trophy, of course." Burned. Hard. But I wasn't giving up. "That wouldn't be so bad if you kept the rest of me around, too." She laughed and tossed back her hair, in that way girls did that was awesome and annoying at the same time. "You'll lose a lot more than a game if you come after me," she teased, with a glint in her eye. "It'd be worth it." I was halfway lost to her already. "Yeah, it would." She walked away and I watched her instead of the games for the rest of the day as she chatted, laughed, drank and flirted with everyone in the room but me. I stopped caring about winning somewhere about halfway through Manning's record breaking game. Brees did kick Tampa's ass but it didn't matter because the rest of my team decided to fuck me, only the Broncos showing up and getting me some points which only taunted me all the more as I eyed Bella in that sexy little jersey. Guys started leaving by the end of the second round of games, nobody really expecting Dallas/Philly to be any good without Romo. By halftime, I was officially cooked, because McCoy decided he needed to run his ass off for some fucking reason. Where was that last year when he took like the whole year off for a concussion and I had to drop his sorry ass? Prick. "Looks like it's official! The winner of this year's trophy is Bella." J handed her MY trophy and she held it aloft as Emmett, Tyler, Alice and Ben cheered. I lifted my beer in her honor and got a smile in return. I pushed myself of the couch and went to grab my jacket out of J's closet. Before I could step out, I was shoved from behind and the door closed. Great. Now I was getting hazed for being a loser. This day officially fucking sucked. I lost the trophy and a shot at Bella. They couldn't fuck me over any harder than I already had been. "To the victor goes the spoils." Before I could comprehend what was happening, hot lips were on mine and that rack I'd been fantasizing about was pressed against my chest. I found her ass and got two perfect handfuls. Thank fuck. I didn't know if I could live without touching her at least once. Kissing her was better than anything on earth, except for maybe fucking her, which I hoped to do really soon. Long before I was ready to stop, Bella pulled back and took her lips from mine. "Friday, seven o'clock. Loser, that would be YOU, buys." She slipped a piece of paper in my hand and was out of the closet before I could grab her and kiss her again. It didn't matter, though. Friday night I'd be the most gracious loser she'd ever met. I'd never been so happy to lose in my entire life. I glanced at the paper as I stepped back out into the hallway. It had her address and said: Let's see if we can make reality better than fantasy. Maybe we'll both win. I had no doubt that we would.