on my finger. She'd be a lot more surprised if this ring was on the other hand. We open the first present together, and even Bella seems genuinely delighted at having a new radio for Gordan. I believe Gordan will be very pleased also, he's been awfully complainy as of late. "Open mine and John's next!" Pixie exclaims excitedly. Bella shoots her boyfriend a scary look, "You promised." John holds up his hands, "I spent nothing, as you requested." Everyone gathers a little closer to have a look. Bella rolls her eyes and sighs. "Fine, I'll open it." God, she's being such a birthday grinch today. Bella slips her finger under the paper and tries to slide it across to rip it open. She gasps slightly and holds up her finger. "Shoot," she says. A tiny bubble of blood seeps out of the paper cut on her finger. Fuck! "NO!" Edward yells. Before I can even react my boyfriend grabs hold of me and vamp speeds away. His arms hold onto me tight. JP practically throws Bella over the piano and I cringe away as Cracky snarls. He goes after Bella and I scream for him to stop. JP and Cracky throw down and all hell breaks loose. "My sister!" I shout at Edward. Edward's jaw tightens, but he moves fast to snatch my sister up off the ground. JP makes an animalistic sound and come after them. I run to...do...something. To get in the way at least so no one will hurt Bella. There's a crazed glint to JP's eyes, and I know right then that he's lost in the blood frenzied madness. Him and Cracky both are. JP smacks me out of the way, and I hit the wall with a loud thump. Distantly I hear Edward roar, completely enraged. Emmett wraps his arms around JP to stop him and Carlisle and Alice are holding onto Cracky. Rosalie tries to help me stand, my ribs burn with pain, and my head feels foggy. Esme touches my head and I flinch away. I search the room in a daze for Edward and Bella. When I see them my heart lurches. Edward is holding what looks like a passed out Bella in his arms. When our eyes connect, he comes over to me, dodging around his fighting brothers. "Get them outside," Carlisle orders. Rosalie moves away to help Emmett with JP, and Esme goes to open the door for them. Edward's eyes are panicked and angry. He looks like he wants to drop my sister and embrace me instead, but I'm more grateful than I could ever say that he doesn't. I'm not sure what I'm feeling right now, but I don't think I want to be touched. A panic attack looms, and I fight it back with all the strength I possess within me. I will have one tonight, that's definite now, but I can put it off for as long as possible. Carlisle tries to check me over, but I flinch away from him, saying, "Just help Bella." He frowns at me, but does as I ask. Edward places Bella on the kitchen table as Carlisle instructs. When he tries to meet my eyes, I look away. I have to. "A mild concussion," Carlisle announces, "But we'll need to get that glass out her arm." I'm a little startled to realise that the glass from on top the piano is sticking out of my sister's arm. A feeling of dread spindles up my spine. "Please, just do it," I say to Carlisle, and even I hear the numbness to my voice. Bella is awake now and she's scrunching up her face in confusion. "Of course, this stuff always happens to me," she mumbles. I reach out to squeeze her hand, "I know, it's really quite annoying for me." Bella actually huffs out a laugh and squeezes my hand back. I don't laugh. Because nothing about this is funny to me. Edward tries to talk to me, and when I look at him my heart breaks at the sorrow and pain in his eyes. I shake my head at him, "Go outside Edward, talk to your brother and Jasper." Edward frowns and replies, "Only if you'll let Carlisle examine you properly...please, Ever, it's killing me to not touch you right now." Carlisle wisely pretends to not exist, and Bella is too busy concentrating on the pain as Carlisle removes bits of glass from her flesh. I shake my head and squeeze my eyes shut, "I know...I just...can't." "Or won't," Edward says, his voice dead. I look away from him and whisper firmly, "Won't." HELLO! My lovely readers! Thank you so much for reading this chapter, and I hope so much that you enjoyed it. Please do let me know! Any and all comments are welcome. Right, now, a few things: There will be no love triangle, as I've previously stated. BUT Jacob will be involved romantically. Now, I know most of you are thinking WHAT, how can there be no love triangle and yet three people are involved. Well, if you've read my story 'Ever Gilbert and Sinbad Salvatore' then you'll know exactly what I mean. But for those of you who haven't, then I will just say that things are gonna get complicated. For everyone. Also, after weeks of deliberating, I have finally decided that the only way to properly and completely tell this story from all sides is to use Jacob's P.O.V. So, expect his P.O.V to be popping in and out of the story as we go. It's integral to the plot. Since I've kind of completely changed Jacob's character, his inner monologue will reflect that. He has some major surprises in store for you. And I mean MAJOR. I hope you'll like them. Anyway then, my fantastical readers, I bid you goodbye. Until next time. Kevin 2.0 says hi, he's happy to meet you. Don't trust his angelic smile, he'll hurt your face. RUN! xxx