my ears. My shoulder ached, making me realize I was trying to wring my hands. "She was carrying too much, slipped on her own mess, and fell on her shoulder." Charles replied for me. "Is that what happened, Mrs. Evenson?" Dr. Cullen asked me. "Yes, doctor," I replied, my voice barely a whisper. "Well then, let's have a look." "A what?" Charles demanded. "Just a figure of speech," Dr. Cullen replied. "I need to feel how the joint reacts so I can ascertain the amount of damage. If I may, Mrs. Evenson." He held his hands over my shoulder and waited for my nod. I was immediately grateful. I often jumped at unexpected touches nowadays. I didn't want anything to make him more suspicious than he already was. His hands were cold and firm through my sweater as he moved my shoulder. Even as he moved it slowly and gently I had to gasp aloud when the pain hit. "I'm sorry," he mumbled and released me. His face was troubled and his brow furrowed in concentration, perhaps even suspicion. My heart pounded faster and I was very glad the doctor's back was to Charles at that moment. By the time he had turned around his face was a mask of professionalism again. "Well the good news is that I don't think anything is broken or torn. At worst you had a minor or near dislocation and your shoulder will be very weak for at least a month." He spoke directly to me though I could only meet his eyes for a few seconds at a time. They always seemed to stray to Charles face, which grew dark as Dr. Cullen continued to ignore him. "I will get you a sling and I must insist that you use it for at least two week. After that don't lift anything heavy for a month, work up to larger items and don't strain yourself. If you do you may cause further damage and lengthen your recovery." "Yes, doctor," I mumbled and I caught a quick frown across the doctor's face. "I'll also write you a prescription for some pain killers, they will take the edge off the worst of the pain. Mr. Evenson, if you would go to the front desk, Nurse Joy will find a sling for you and I'll have your wife's prescription as soon as you get back." I barely need to glance at Charles face to see that he was furious, and for a moment I was afraid that he would refuse. "Yes, of course," He said and left the room in a huff. I heard him muttering 'understaffed' and 'pompous' as he left so I was sure Dr. Cullen heard him too. My face burned red with shame made all the worse by being alone with the beautifully kind doctor. His back was to me as he scribbled on his prescription pad and for a moment we were completely silent. Even the scratching of his pen stopped and he stood so still I wondered if he was alright. "Thank you," I managed to whisper. "Not at all," he said, coming back to life. He turned to me and ripped off the top sheet of his pad. "Privacy is part of the job; everyone is entitled to theirs. This is for you." I thought I imagined an emphasis on the last word but ignored it. "Thank you, Dr. Cullen." "You're welcome, Mrs. Evenson." He stepped away toward the window, his left hand slipping into his pocket. Silently as I could I stood up to leave, holding my injured shoulder gently. I was almost to the door when his voice made me stop. "You don't deserve it." He spoke softly but his voice rang with conviction and it froze me in mid step. "I know it is not my place to say, but his abuse is not your fault. Any justification he gives for this… is just a lie to disguise the truth. There is nothing you could do to deserve physical violence." I could hardly breath and from the silence in the small room I don't think he was breathing either. I knew I shouldn't, but I betrayed myself and looked back at him. His eyes were the same, golden and caring even though his jaw was rigid as stone and the crease in his brow was a deep shadow of concern. He was standing awkwardly, too straight, too still, with one hand shoved deep into his pocket and the other fisted at his side. I wondered for a second how scary an angry angel could be. I said the only thing I could say. "He's my husband." My angel looked away sharply and down at the floor, nodding once his understanding. I swallowed thickly before fleeing the room. I couldn't look at his pity and the pain in his face. I tried in vain as Charles drove us home to picture my angel's face as I had first seen it, serene and caring but all that I could conjure up was the fresh memory of his tortured look, helpless and grieving for me . I hated myself in those moments more than I thought Charles ever could. Try as I might it was that image of Dr. Cullen that I was left with and that image haunted my dreams for the years that followed. It sprung to my mind whenever I saw the little square of folded cloth in the bottom of my handbag and the faded initials, C. C. sewn on the corner. The small cloth talisman was a painful reminder of his words but I could never bring myself to throw it away. Author's Note: Well this is something I never thought I'd do. Write Twilight Fanfiction (insert dramatic shiver here) but for supernatural fluffy romance there's little better. This is one of my favorite couples and I had a lot of fun writing their love story. I hope you liked it and keep reading. -Ember