simply looked at her, quietly assessing. His gaze made Bella nervous. "So," she started pulling the letter out of her pocket. "What's the plan?" "No plan," Jasper finally spoke. "You let us know when you're good to go, and then one of us has dinner," Peter winked at her. "Until then, you're under 24/7 surveillance in case Eddie decides to come knockin'." Seems simple enough, Bella thought at the time. She'd give herself two weeks. - Bella woke, blinking rapidly, trying to gain her bearings. She had been moved to the bed, a fact that didn't surprise her. In fact it hardly registered in light of the memories flitting through her mind. She'd dreamed again, and this time… this time her costar had a face. Jasper's face. She was trying to decide how she felt about that when she stretched, and her hand collided with something hard and cold. With a sinking feeling, she turned her head, to find Jasper lying next to her. His arms were folded under his head, legs crossed at the ankles, and he was staring at the ceiling, ignoring her. "What the fuck?" she asked him, dumbfounded and, once again, embarrassed. He didn't react for a long moment, seemingly content to stare at the ceiling and pretend she wasn't there. She was about to repeat her question when, finally, his lips twitched, and he asked, "So, was it good for you, too?" "Excuse me?" was the only response Bella could come up with. A thought flitted across her mind, along with a trickle of dread, but she dismissed it. There was just no way. There couldn't be. "It's been a long time since I dreamed, but that was quite the experience," he supplied. His words sunk in slowly, but her reaction once they did was swift. She bolted from the bed, ignoring the head rush of getting up too quickly, and pointed to the door. "Get the fuck out." He seemed to consider it for a moment, then shrugged. "No, I don't think I will." "Jackass!" she screamed. He held his position, chuckling lightly. "That's hardly the most creative thing I've been called." "I wasn't going for creativity, dickweed. Maybe Jackass Jasper, or Jasper the Jackass just has a particularly nice alliterative ring to it." "Aww, look at the little human showing off her education," he mocked, smirking wickedly. "Call me all the names you like, Little Miss Smartypants. Pretend to be as offended as you want, abuse me in whichever ways you see fit. It doesn't change the fact that you liked it." She flushed bright red, a fact he noted with great satisfaction as his smirk widened impossibly. "For all you accuse Edward of raping minds, you sure don't seem to have any qualms about doing it to my dreams," she told him, her embarrassment and disgust evident in her voice. The smirk disappeared from his face and he was in front of her in a second flat, invading her personal space and trapping her so that he was all she could see, and there was no escape. "Look at me, Isabella," he demanded, quiet but intense. She turned her head and closed her eyes defiantly. "Now you're just being childish," he chastised. "You know that was a low blow. This is not the same thing, not by a long shot." "I fail to see the difference," she insisted, choosing to ignore his characterization of her behavior. "It's sick. You're sick." "I'm not sick, though I suppose I could be called twisted," he added thoughtfully. "There is sure as shit no cure for what ails me. As to the rest, let me enlighten you, darling," he breathed into her ear. She shivered involuntarily. "It's different in many ways, but the most pertinent to this little spat we seem to be having is the fact that I can't enter your dreams unless you call me." she squeezed her eyes shut even tighter, as if she knew this already but was finding having it confirmed immensely unpleasant. Her emotions hold him as much, and he decided to throw her a bone. "If it makes you feel any better, it doesn't have to be on a conscious level." "Thanks for that, Captain Obvious," she spat. "Can you fucking move now, or are you not finished tormenting me?" At this, Jasper paused, tasting her emotions and assessing the situation. As much as this had amused him to begin with, he realized now, as he saw the tears that threatened to fall and sensed her intense mortification, that he had probably taken this a little bit too far. He stepped back and to the side to clear the way. As she shoved past him in a beeline out of her room, Peter poked his head in. "Nice going, Jackass Jasper. If you wanted to win her over, I'd say that plan is going wonderfully." Bella stormed down the stairs and found Charlotte waiting on the couch with wide eyes. "I am so -" she started, but Bella cut her off. "I am done," Bella announced. "Today. Change me today. I don't care how or where, but make it a surprise and make sure I never dream again." Charlotte only nodded in understanding. Bella stomped into the kitchen to prepare herself a coffee. When it was done, she took it out onto the deck, staring hard at the trees. Jasper was right, she had liked it. But she wasn't going to subject herself to his shit every morning over it, either. She had no idea what the hell had happened that had allowed him access to her dreams, but she didn't think she could handle it if it continued. She squirmed a little in her seat, trying to ignore the tension that was building up again as she considered that possibility. Just as she took the last sip from her cup, she felt cold hands grip her from behind and the sting of sharp teeth in her neck. -