Forks Courthouse, "but the entire town. Everyone here has been turned into vampires." I dropped my cowl to the floor and let my jaw hang open. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. It was absurd. Aliens turned everyone into vampires? Surely I had to have died from the plane crash, because this was unbelievable. Immediately, a thought popped into my head. These two said everyone had been transformed. Did that mean my father as well? And what about Jacob and his family? "Yes," said Alice from outside the room, "even your father and Jacob." "Alice," said Esme, unlocking the door and opening it wide, "I told you not to eavesdrop." "I couldn't help it. Poor Bella deserves to know what happened to her dad." "Speaking of Charlie," said Carlisle, flickering through more slides, "take a look." I looked at the screen and was greeted with a view of my father and Jessica having sex on the roof of the police station. My dad had somehow parked the car on the roof, and he was lying completely naked on top of Jessica right beside the front tires. "Dad?" I said incredulously. "That's not all," he said, moving to the next slide. My dad was dangling from a tree branch in what looked to be a forest, and Jessica was in the middle of a swing from an adjacent branch. She was presumably trying to put the ball in the hole with that swing, considering the two of them were naked from the waist down. "And another." This next picture was of the two at the local bowling alley. Jessica was naked, of course, laying flush against the slick lane with three bowling pins balanced on top of her rock hard abs. The picture was taken at the exact moment Charlie let the ball loose from his hand. "And a fourth-" "No more. Just stop it." "We've got thirty-something pictures of him." "So you just followed him around, watching him have sex with my best friend instead of, I don't know, contacting me?" "We didn't want to freak you out?" "Freak out, why would I freak out, I mean, I mean, why would ANYONE freak out? There's nothing wrong here. Nothing. Everything-everything's fine." "Bella-" "Just leave me alone, Alice." I grabbed my cowl and stormed out of the room. As I made for the front door, Edward suddenly appeared before me, blocking my escape. "Out of the way," I said, stomping my foot. "Listen, Bella, we can work this out-" "There's nothing to work out. I'm leaving. I never want to see any of you again." The second I swung the front door open, I was treated with a view of none other than the Volturi coven. Aro was standing at the front of the pack, his hands intertwined with one another underneath his robe. He had a sheepish grin plastered on his face, and began cackling maniacally as he lifted a long, slender finger that was aimed right at me. "Ahhhhhh, Bellaaaaaaaa," he sang, his eyes opening wide as he took slow steps towards me, each one echoing throughout the woods. "My my, it has been too long. Tell me, dear, wheeerrrrre have you beeeeeeen?" Edward stepped in front of me, acting as a sort of bodyguard. I walked out to the side from behind him and proceeded down the staircase, brushing past Aro without saying a word. "Oh dear. Looks like something's amiss." Aro snapped his fingers, and the rest of his crew surrounded me. "I just wanna get home." "Tsk tsk tsk. Home? But we've only just arrived. Do you mean to turn us down after we've come all this way just to see you?" "She's upset," Edward spoke up. "Leave her be." "Oh? And just who was it that upset her? Could it be..." Aro pointed with both of his hands at the sole vampire standing on the porch, "you, Edward?" Jane walked away from her and held out a wicked hand. Just then Edward clutched his forehead and writhed in pain. "Stop it!" cried Jessica from the doorway. Aro inhaled deeply, and opened his mouth, revealing an evil smile. It looked as if he just had an orgasm. "Ahhhhhh, well now. This was quite... unexpected. It seems we have a new member of the Cullen family in our midst." Jessica frowned and clenched her fists. "So then," Aro began, looking at me, "ahhhhhh, I see. Tsk, poor Bella. Tossed aside like a rag when a new toy comes along." "Ignore him!" shouted Edward through clenched teeth. Jane raised her hand higher, inflicting more severe pain on Edward, strong enough to cause his knees to buckle. "My my, I must say, this was quite unexpected. And here I thought we were to celebrate Bella's official induction to the family tonight. We brought champagne, too; a 600 year-old bottle." "Just let her go home, Aro," said Carlisle, working his way to the porch. He stood tall and confident, trying to look imposing enough for the Volturi to leave. "Ahaha! Well, we could do that. Or..." Aro deliberately waited for someone to speak up. "Or what?" I asked, breaking the silence since no one else had to courage to do so. Aro turned to face me. "Ah, Bella, so kind of you to speak up." "Or what?" I repeated. I just wanted to get home as soon as possible. "Or... we shall have a dance to the death! The Volturi versus the Cullens! Should we win, Bella will join us. Should we lose, you shall never see us again. That, you have my word." "Fine," I said, pushing the rest of the Volturi aside and coming face to face with the leader. I kicked off my sneakers and threw my cowl into the mud. Lightning cackled above the cloudy sky, and light drops of rain began to grace the soon-to-be dance floor. I tied my hair behind my head, looked Aro right in the eyes, and said, "let's dance."