and the new baby. To me, she was so small. Sarah had been much smaller but I liked her where she was now. She was a little person with opinions and a voice. Will was easy to please as long as you had something to feed him. This baby, she looked vulnerable so I let Bella hold her first. She cuddled Annabelle to her chest cooing at her while stroking her soft black hair. Leah nudged me from her bed and shook me out of the daze I'd fallen into. Bella handed me the baby and started speaking to my sister, asking if there was anything we could do to help. I loved how she spoke of us as a unit. There was no her and no me, there was us. I looked down at my niece but all I could picture instead of the eyes like my sister were big, expressive ones, a slightly paler skin tone and Bella's sweet smile. When the baby started to fuss, I gave her back to Leah and we excused ourselves allowing the baby to eat and for the family to acclimate to being a family of five instead of four. We walked back to my house, hand in hand and I almost tripped when I heard Bella's voice. "I think I'd like one of those. Soon." She gave me a coy smile and stopped in the middle of the road. "Of course, I'd have to be married first or else my dad would shoot you." I picked her up brought her up so she was eye to eye with me, "You want to have a baby?" "I'd have a million babies with you, Seth Clearwater." She stroked my cheek and kissed me sweetly. I slung her over my shoulder and with a love tap to her ass I howled, "Let's go home and make a baby then!" It didn't work like that exactly. I had a plan. Bella didn't know I had a plan but there was one. I'd asked Charlie for his blessing to ask Bella to marry me. He laughed, saying she'd shoot him with his own gun if he refused to give me his blessing. Still, I'd wanted to speak to him man to man. Leah helped with the rest. I didn't want a proposal, I wanted a surprise wedding. I wanted to ask her and then have it happen then and there. Leah had dealt with Bella for me, dressing her up and keeping her busy while I used Jake to help me coordinate everything else. It was perfect. On the beach, on a clear day, with just our close friends and family, just like she wanted. I met Bella at the house, just as Leah was leaving. She was confused and badgered me with a million questions. Just before we made it to the beach, I got down on one knee and looked up at my imprint, "I know we didn't do this right. I should have told you years ago about the imprint. We could have been married and had a few kids by now, we could have had all this time together but I was afraid. I was afraid of not being good enough after seeing how wonderful you are. I tried to see you just as my niece's teacher this year but I couldn't. You're too beautiful and smart and kind and I just can't live another minute without you being my wife. Bella, please, say you'll marry me. Right here, right now." I hadn't even finished and there were tears flowing down her cheeks. I placed the ring on her finger and she pulled at my jacket to kiss me. "Yes, Seth, a million times yes." So, she married me. We were married. She started the next school year as Mrs. Clearwater instead of Miss Swan. I loved hearing when anyone addressed her. We weren't as lucky as Jake and Leah. For months we'd tried to make a baby but to no avail. Bella was discouraged and convinced it was her fault. She loved to offer to babysit for Leah and Jake and I'd catch her staring longingly at Annabelle. It was Christmas time when I noticed something was off about Bella. She refused to drink any of Quil and Embry's Christmas punch and she'd excused herself a few times claiming to not feel well, that certain scents were making her feel sick. I followed after her when my sister stopped me in my tracks forcing me to spend time with my pack brothers instead. Before I realized it, it was midnight and I realized I hadn't seen Bella in a while. I found her curled up with Sarah in her bed. I picked her up and carried her home before putting her to bed. Like the previous year, I woke up alone. It was Christmas morning and I found Bella, not in the kitchen but sitting in front of the tree, drinking what smelled like hot chocolate. I sat down behind her and felt her instantly relax into me. "What are you doing, sweetheart?" "I couldn't sleep." She turned to look at me, offering a small sad smile. "Come back to bed, it's still dark outside." I tried to persuade her but felt her shaking her head. "Next year will be different, Seth." I wanted to ask her what she meant but she continued instead, "Next year we'll be the ones with a small baby at Christmas." I tried to comprehend what she was saying, the words not registering with me for what felt like forever. "You mean it? Are you sure?" She nodded and curled into me. I placed my large hand on her very small stomach and wanted to cry with happiness. Years ago, I was just a kid with a hero. A hero with a crush on a girl. Somehow, I was the one who ended up with the girl and the happily ever after to go with it.