to park next to him. I turned the ignition off, grabbed my purse, and stepped out. I blew Edward a kiss as I locked the car and met him at the entrance. "Thanks for coming to dinner with me, Bella. I really appreciate it." "It's my pleasure, Edward. I would've said no if I didn't want to be here." "I have no doubt about that. You don't seem like the kind of girl to do something you don't want to do." I chuckled. "That's for sure. Michael - my late husband - would always say I was as stubborn as an ox. I would laugh, of course, since he was prone to exaggerate, but I guess there was some truth to that." "I can't disagree with that logic," he said with a smirk. "At least you'd be a beautiful ox." The heat rose to my cheeks quickly. "Thank you. You'd be quite a handsome ox," I winked. As we approached the hostess's station, he wrapped an arm around my waist. He made small talk with the hostess on shift, and she quickly sat us in a booth near the back. Edward let me slide in first before going to the opposite side and sliding in front of me, taking my hand in his. "Your waiter will be right with you," said the petite blonde. Her hips swayed with extra effort as she walked away. Edward wasn't looking at her though, he was looking straight at me. "I know we haven't even gotten through our meal yet, but I'm already prepared to say we should do this again." "I'd like that." The rest of the evening was spent under the dim lights of the diner, without a second of silence and continuous jokes. We spoke about Claire, our parents, and even Michael. I told him how we had met in college, our marriage, and our early stages of parenthood. I could see the sadness in his face when we discussed my past career in dance, after getting married, and how my dancing became practically nonexistent after Claire was born. He spoke about his own college years, how he had finished his degree in engineering and had several job offers lined up throughout the city. I smiled, thinking about how this incredible man was surely changing my life. I had never thought I could be open to the possibility of finding love - or what I thought was love - again. Edward was tearing down through every single self-made wall I had created. Surprisingly enough, I was enjoying being vulnerable with him. Before we knew it, we were driving our separate ways after many goodbye kisses by our cars. We made plans for him to come over to our house for dinner. We agreed to take advantage of that opportunity to tell Claire we were dating. I got home after ten. Emily was sitting on one of the chairs in the family room, watching some reality show and a glass of red wine in her hand. "Hey, when did she go down?" "About an hour ago. We played some games and watched a movie before bed. She had a blast with Jess and Quil at the park, too." "I'm so glad. Edward and I were both working until late tonight and decided to have diner at Millie's down the street." Her eyebrows shot up, a sly smile coming out. "Really? How was it?" "It was great. We had a nice time, and made plans for later this week with Claire." "That's amazing! I mean, they've already met, but it'll be good for them to spend time together in a more comfortable setting." "I absolutely agree. Claire seems to like him, and I really like him too." "I can tell, Bells." Emily stayed for a while longer before making her way out. I lay down on the couch, the show she was watching still on, and tuned everything out. It didn't take long to fall asleep. Over the next few weeks, things at the studio had gotten extremely busy. Claire had become friends with many of the girls in her dance class at our studio, and actually became close with Edward. If it had been a good night and we weren't too tired, he would come over to our house, watch a movie during dinner, and stay for a glass of wine once Claire was in bed. Tonight would be different though. Claire's first recital of the winter season was upon us, and Edward had invited his family to see her performance. Esme and Alice helped me get all the costumes ready for the girls, and even with some cooking during late nights at the studio, since Edward was all but moved in. He'd spend more time at our house than at his own, and I loved every minute of it. The night of Claire's performance, Edward came backstage and handed both Claire and I bouquets of gerber daisies. Claire was ecstatic, a blush creeping on her cheeks, and a huge smile on her face. I gave her a big kiss, and made my way to the front row of seats where Edward's family was waiting with Emily. We sat together, all of us holding hands as tears streamed down my face. Claire was stunning. A perfect vision in pink that I never wanted to forget. Her hair was pinned perfectly, and her blue eyes shone with emotion every step she took. When the recital came to an end, Edward, Esme, Alice, Emily, and I met Claire in the corridor and each gave her hugs and kisses. She had been nothing but amazing, and deserved to hear it from everybody around her. Edward held us both in his arms and whispered in my ear, "I love you, Bella," I couldn't hold back the tears as I whispered back, "I love you too." I couldn't have been happier than I was at that moment, being held by the man I loved and my daughter.