arms, "I was trying to be all philosophical but you ruined it." "I did? Who was the one comparing themselves to a dog? Do you want to be in the doghouse that bad?" Edison slides a look to me, a smirk settling on the corner of his mouth, the one that made my tummy flip crazily- as it is now, "You'd never put me in the doghouse." He says, a little too high-handed for my liking. I roll my eyes at him, scoffing, "Well if you keep being so high handed about it, I might have to reevaluate this belief." Birth. I stare up at the ceiling, watching as it fades in and out from my vision. Other fuzzy things appear and disappear, nothing that I could firmly tell. Everything was so slow, so sluggish, yet at the same time was slipping by faster than it ever had before. I was dying and there was nothing for me to do. Useless, powerless, out of my control. The cracking, splitting, squishing, splattering and guttural animal howls were all coming from within me, from me. I couldn't see what was going on, what was happening but I could feel it with every agonizing twist the being made as it literally ripped a hole right through me and out to freedom from its internal confines. I was in the throes of pain, it searing every lucid thought within me. All I could do was float, just above, just beyond the meta-psychical plane of reality and look down on myself. On all of my follies and fears and mistakes and regrets. Haha , I laugh. My physical body shudders with me, blood spilling, pouring, pooling. Hectic voices, but shushed, tight silence swirled and clashed along with the twisting void of emptiness. I was supposed to be enrolling in University. I was supposed to be on a path to a bright, happy future. I wasn't supposed to be pregnant. I wasn't supposed to be giving birth. I was supposed to make my family proud. I was to be the one that finally, finally went to college. Instead, I let them down. I betrayed them. All for a single night of damnable pleasure. For this insanely gorgeous, tricky man. The man that did this to me. What I did to myself. I felt like laughing more, internally, hysterically. Neurotic laughter that sprung from deep within me, twisted by the pain. More shouting, more tearing as my body convulsed, shook and bled, bringing me back down from my other worldly, distant self. Couldn't this thing just rip me apart already? Why did the dying have to be so . Damn . Painful ? Why did I have to get pregnant? The first damn time I've ever had sex and it had to have been resolved by putting a goddamn baby in there. Why did the Universe see fit to put me this way? Why did I have to suffer like this? I wasn't even able to tell my parents. Were there tears trailing down my face? I could feel something squeezing me, a face appeared, a worried face. Who was it? Was it my dad? Was it? Oh daddy, daddy help me please. It hurts so much daddy! Daddy I'm sorry for lying to you! Please forgive me! I couldn't tell if I said them, shouted them, or thought them. The pain, the tearing, the blood, I was distorted. I was going to die. Giving birth to a hybrid that, honestly, I didn't even want to have but just couldn't abort. As much as I never wanted a child till I had a steady job, I couldn't have killed it. I didn't want to kill it, it was a part of me. It was my child. How could I kill something that was a part of me? But was this my punishment? Death for my crimes? Was having this child a sin? Oh god, I was going to die and I haven't even told my dad I was sorry. That I loved him. Nor my mom. I never told her that. I was always so angry with her, I always hated her but I didn't. Mommy, Daddy I love you. I hope you know that. Please know that I love you. With a sudden clarity, the pain brings me to Edison's face. Its paler than ever, and wild, desperate. He clings to my hand, so sad. So sorrowful. "Carlyle, Carlyle please do something! She's in pain, she's DYING! She's hurting, she's hurting and it's all my fault! " I whisper his name, and his eyes turn to mine, "Oh my sweet Isabelle, I won't let you die. You can't die on me. I won't let you. I need you with me." My hand tightens on his, but I know it's weak. I'm weak, I'm insignificant. "You don't need me, Edison. You're strong. So very strong and I am so very weak. So very tired." My eyes flutter, I try to hold on. I have to tell him. I have to give my dying message to everyone. "NO no , Bells! No! Don't close your eyes, please don't! Don't do this to me! Don't leave me! " "Edison, don't blame yourself. I don't blame you. I don't- I wanted to. I wanted to do this. It was my child. I wanted it. Don't blame yourself ." my eyes flutter, helplessly, "Please. Please, tell my parents I love them so so much. Tell your family I love them. Tell everyone I loved them. And I love you Edison. Remember that? I love you." My hand was slipping from his, but I could feel him grasping me tightly. Was he crying? I couldn't tell, my eyes were swimming again. I was floating away, far away. "No NO Bells, you can tell them yourself! You'll be able to tell everyone that you loved them, that you cherished them. Please please don't do this to me! ISABELLE! " "Edison- Edison DON'T-! "