was too late when Mama Maggie spotted me. "Bella is the room ready?" She called. I stepped forward. "It's almost ready, I'm almost done unpacking." I stuttered as his green eyes caught mine. "You're...you're a chambermaid now?" He asked me. I only nodded. "I'll, I'll help you Bella-" he started nervously. "Oh no! Sorry. What I meant was, you should get your rest and I'll take care of it." I said. He nodded and headed up the stairs. I felt Maggie's eyes on me so I turned to her. "He's a bit of the independent type, but don't neglect your duties because of him." She said softly. I nodded. "And Bella love, don't be distracted by those bedroom eyes." "Yes ma'am" I said. Bedroom eyes. That's what they were called. I think I heard that before or read that in one of my romance novels. I took a moment to get myself together and headed up the stairs. When I entered the bedroom, Edward was at the desk by the window, his black dress jacket on the back of the chair. He had been writing in a journal. He closed it when he saw me. He pulled at his tie and loosened it. He got up and walked towards me; he had gotten so much taller than I remembered. "I'm very sorry for your lost Master Edward." I said as he watched me. I felt like I was holding my breath. Why did I suddenly feel this way around him? "Thank you Bella. You, you don't have to call me Master...Edward is fine enough." He said breathlessly with his bushy eyebrows furrowed. "I have to call you that sir." I said as I held my hands nervously. I tugged at the white lace trim at the cuffs of my uniform. "I suppose, I suppose you do. But...I...rather you didn't." He stammered. I grabbed the remaining clothes that were out and placed them away as quickly as I could. As much as I wanted to be there with him, I wanted to run away. My heart hadn't slowed down since he looked at me and I didn't understand why. The dumbwaiter bell dinged and I opened it. His coffee was inside; next to it was a huge slice of apple pie. "Sir" I said. I held the tray it was on and handed it to him. I could smell that Mama Maggie put some booze in his coffee. Maybe for his nerves, he did seem slightly a wreck. Once I was upset about something and couldn't sleep, Mama Maggie made me a cup of hot chocolate. It had some kind of booze in it. I'm not a drinker, so needless to say I drifted to sleep soon after. He grabbed the tray, but his hands touched mine's softly. I could feel his warm long fingers on top of mine. I looked up at him and he looked down at me. His pale skin flushed red as he clenched his jaw. He took the tray from me. "Thank you… Bella..." he said flustered. I nodded and quickly left the room. I closed the door and leaned against it. I gasped for air. I could still feel his fingers on mine. "Bella? Oh there you are! Could you help me please?" Alice said. She rushed over to me she kept her hair short and waved. I always thought of cutting my hair like that, unfortunately it was too thick. I stuck to hot combing it and keeping it tied up. Also mama would blow her wig if I cut it. "Yes Miss Alice." I said as I followed her to her bedroom. She closed the door behind her. "I was looking for the locket my father gave me and I knocked over the jewelry box. Everything went everywhere" she said defeated. There was jewelry all over the floor. I only owned one pair of gold studs...my papa gave them to me. I knelt on the floor and picked up pretty bracelets, earrings, necklaces and a few tiaras. I picked up a gold necklace with a heart shaped locket. I opened it and inside was a photo of Master Carlisle and Mistress Esme. "I found it." I said and handed to her. "Perfect Bella." She opened it and stared at the photo. "I can't believe he's gone...he wasn't even sick." She started to cry. "You know they never really leave Miss Alice. They stay and watch over you. They protect you like angels" I touched her hand. "You're such a good friend Bella." Friend? Was I a friend when it was my duty to serve them? I got paid for what I did but being kind was just who I was. But I was told not to be too chatty and to mind my beeswax. I smiled shyly at her. "You know eyes as big as yours should be covered with this new cake mascara I bought." "Oh if I were going to somewhere nice, I guess I'd wear some makeup...but I..." she nodded. "I understand." We sat on the floor in silence momentarily. "It's good that Master Edward is home," I said softly. "Yes, I've missed him so much Bella. He's going to have a heck of a lot of responsibility on his shoulders now. If only he can get over his shyness and nervousness..." she shrugged her shoulders. "Between us girls, I think if he had a girlfriend, he'd be more outgoing." I nodded even though I wasn't quite sure what she meant. Would I be more out going if I had a guy? Would that be the cure for my clumsiness? I doubt it. I just think certain things are just who you are. But I can't stop thinking about if I did have a guy as I work through out the day. So this is my second story, thanks everyone for reading. What does everyone think about it? Tell me in a review or private message! Have a great week!