walking towards my truck when suddenly Alice started to make plans for all of us. "So Edward this weekend to Port Angeles, what do you say?" "Not now, Alice" he easily shrugged her off. "But you should at least-"he cut her off in the middle of the sentence with a disapproving noise. "But Bella would love to go" she said it like a statement not a question. And though I wanted to go to some big library to stock on some books- the library here in forks is pretty limited- but still I was in no mood for shopping when I didn't even had enough time to talk to Edward about everything. There were just so many questions in my head that needed answers, desperately. Edward looked at my face to know my opinion and I just stared at him with wide innocent terrified eyes. "Doesn't seem like that to me" with this he threw Alice a warning look. "You know sometimes you are a disappointment as a brother, Edward and Bella, this could be easy or this could be hard but either way we will be going to that mall in Port Angeles" I didn't knew that tiny Alice could be that terrifying. My heart galloped like a horse and in response Edwards wound his arms around my waist with an animal-like hiss erupting from his throat. I wasn't quite sure in that moment if Edwards's growl or Alice's face terrified me more but Alice turned before anything else could be said. And in that moment I imagined that some sort of message passed between the two of them. We reached my truck and I quickly turned to face Edward. We haven't been alone since the morning. And I didn't have any clue on how to broach the subjects that I wanted most to talk about; simple and to the point might be the easiest way. "I have a few questions, Edward" "I know, Bella but I just want you to give me some time and trust me. I'll explain everything to you but just give me some time. Can you do that for me, love?" My heart fluttered when he used the endearment 'love'. Anything that was what I wanted to say but since my heart and head were both still preoccupied; I was just able to manage a simple nod. Then just like the last time he brought his hands to graze my cheeks in a tender caress almost too soft for my senses to detect. With that he swiftly turned around and made his way towards where his Volvo was parked. EBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEBEB It's been so long since I felt so many things at once, since I felt so…..human. I didn't know if what I was doing- trying to get Bella back- was the right thing to do or not but whatever the case it felt like walking on a very thin line like trying to walk on the edge of a knife; make one mistake and it'll throw you off balance in a second. That was all it could actually take, just a very minor mistake on my part could either result in her death or worse her being sentenced to the same purgatory that I had been sentenced with in 1918. I still wasn't quite sure whether or not I would have let Carlisle change me if I had a choice in that matter though If someone, anyone, gave me the chance to be human again then I would gladly accept without even giving it a thought. This goes with everyone in my family if any of them had the choice of being human again then they would do that in a heartbeat. There was nothing that I wanted more than to be able to spend my whole with my one true love; Bella. But what I didn't know was the how. How could be with her and yet protect her from all the hideous secrets that my world bestowed on the one who had the courage- or rather stupidity- to even come near it. And what about my family; Carlisle, Esme, Alice, Emmet, jasper and Rosalie. What about the world that Carlisle had built for all of us here? Right now I wanted nothing more than to be able to be with my Bella and since I was being selfish and indulging myself a lot these days so I decided I might as well as do it thoroughly. I parked my Volvo into the garage and went into the house to kill an hour or two before following my heart' desire. Alice has already left with jasper for their 'couple' hunting trip which was probably for the best as I didn't want the constant reminders of my almost killing Bella. Carlisle was still at the hospital and Esme was busy with her plans to renovate the cottage that they had purchased a few days ago. Rosalie and I probably won't be able to talk for more than a couple of minutes before going for each other's throat. And Emmet was not the one to talk about heavy issues before turning it into a big joke. So that left me alone with either the woods or my acoustics. I decided for the latter and started shuffling through the player until I found the one I was looking for, switched it on and turned the volume on top; turning out every single voice in my head and only concentrating on the beats of the music that were on. It was quite fitting, the lyrics of the song I mean; the reason by Hoobastank. Would all this end in the same way that the song ended? I desperately hoped for a negative answer to this one. (Well that's for now and I'll be posting on the weekends probably. Tell me what did you think about this chapter and I'm open to suggestions that any of you have to make for this story) Don't forget to review everyone.