that had happened. He said, "That's true. I don't know when – or if – they'll send someone else." "Oh, I think they will. Maybe someone bigger and harder to take down – like Felix," said Emmett hopefully. "Bigger doesn't mean they'd be any harder for us to take down," Jacob said confidently. "We'll be keeping watch. Obviously this isn't over." Carlisle was hesitant before declaring, "No, it's not… and Esme and I had an interesting visitor late on the night of the battle." He had everyone's attention. "Who?" asked several voices. Esme's quiet voice answered them, "Irina." "But… she died," Bella gasped. "Yes," said Carlisle. "She managed to visit for several minutes though. She wanted to apologize and to warn us about the Volturi's continuing plans. Both Esme and I saw and heard her." Edward's eyes met Bella's and they were blazing with relief, "But that means… there is life on the other side of death…" Carlisle smiled and nodded to him, knowing how much that meant to his youngest son. "Yes… please stay after we are finished here so that we can talk more about that." Edward nodded back. "It also means," said the more practical Jasper, "that we are not yet finished with this." "Come on, Jazz!" said Emmett. "No one really thought we were. The Volturi don't just give up a fight." Alice was worried. "What I'd like to know is why I didn't see Demetri coming…." Edward said, "You were watching for an attack or attack order in force… something similar to the one we just lived through. Apparently they're trying new tactics so keep an eye out for our next invader." "I will," Alice nodded. It was Jacob's turn to look puzzled. "If that vampire was around for a while, as Edward thinks, why didn't we pick up on him? His smell should have alerted one or all of us to his presence." "Us, too," Emmett said, equally baffled. "None of us was aware of him either." "Demetri was known as the world's best tracker for a reason. Part of his gift was the ability to cover his own tracks so that he could move undetected. The Volturi only recruits the greatest talents out there. That's why we need to stay on guard." Jasper turned to Jacob. "Can your pack keep an eye on Bella and Nessie… and also on Alice?" "Jasper…" Alice objected. Her military mate gave her a look that silenced her. "You may be able to see the next one coming. You might not. You and Bella are primary targets. It's important to keep you safe." His gaze caressed her and his voice softened. "Please, Alice. I don't want to lose you." Alice nodded and looked toward Jacob. Jacob nodded. "No problem." He shrugged. "We have two packs. Might as well keep them in fighting form and any vamps they can take down will be good practice for the young wolves." As everyone was leaving the room, Bella lingered to ask Carlisle, "Why didn't you tell us about Irina's visit sooner? I was just wondering." Carlisle nodded. "That's a fair question, Bella. Even though I had the theories this is all new to me in practice." He smiled and shrugged slightly. "I wanted a chance to think about it for a while." She looked up at Edward and smiled because the awed expression in his eyes made her feel just a bit of his sense of wonder. Carlisle waited until Bella left the room. "It's true, Edward. When we are finished with these bodies we cross over just like we would have if we hadn't become vampires, simple human souls once more." Edward took a deep breath. "It's incredible to know that we aren't soulless, Carlisle. But for me the sense of relief is all about her . The only thing about our life that wasn't perfect was my fear that I had destroyed her. To know that her soul is safe means everything!" "I know it does, son. As you know, I have always believed… but to know !" Carlisle met Edward's gaze and something exalted blazed between them. A couple of days later Jacob returned home to La Push to find his entire neighborhood buzzing. In spite of the drizzling rain, everyone seemed to find some reason to be outside. No one looked at him directly. Instead they gave him repetitive sidelong glances. Some were speculative. Some were envious. He thought it was weird, but shrugged it off as he went on home. His father, Billy, must have been watching for him. He rolled his wheelchair out of the house and said, "I hope you don't mind that we put the new garage next to the old one." Jacob stared at him. "What are you talking about?" "The new garage," Billy repeated. "We don't need a new garage." Billy disagreed. "Yes, we do. Anyway," he shrugged, "it was part of the gift." "What gift?" Billy sighed, as if in regret at Jacob's slowness. "The one in the new garage." Jacob saw the building standing next to the makeshift garage he had worked in for years. He ran to the new garage, opened the door, and turned on the light. An Aston Martin V12 Vanquish, like Edward's except in black, shone under the light. An envelope was under the wiper blade on the driver's side. The note inside read, 'Bless you for keeping watch over my girls… With my best regards, Edward… P.S. Your father has the keys.' Jacob walked out of the garage like a man in a trance. His father handed him the keys. Billy shook his head. "I never thought I'd be complacent about a gift from a vampire." "Yeah, me neither." Jacob took the keys and ran back to the garage. He had to sit in the car for a few minutes just to accept the reality of it. A huge grin spread across his face. Moments later he was taking his gift for a spin.