up dramatically as she watched their perfect puckered pink nipples slip and slide against each other. The feeling was like nothing else she'd experienced. Slowly, she raised her eyes to meet Rosalie's. Both of their cheeks were pink from the heat, and it just made Rosalie all the more appealing. They didn't speak as Rosalie moved her face into Bella's personal space and met her silky lips with her own. The kiss started off gentle, but soon it was out of control as the two women explored each other's mouths. Their tongues tangled in a way that sent shockwaves through Bella's body. It was nothing like kissing a man and all the more sensual and decadent. Finally, Rosalie ended the kiss, sucking on Bella's tongue as she retracted. The blonde worked down Bella's chest until she sucked one sweet pink nipple into her mouth. She worked it with her teeth and tongue until Bella was writhing beneath her mouth. Her other hand came up to flick her neglected nipple in such a way that had Bella grinding her crotch against Rosalie underwater. Bella could finally catch her breath when Rosalie moved away. She was overcome by the need to explore Rosalie's breasts herself, so she cupped them in her hands. Her thumbs flicked over the nipples as she lifted the breast in her hands, testing their weight. She took one nipple into her hot mouth, twisting the neglected one between her wet fingers. She tongued the erect nipple until she could feel Rosalie's ragged breathing. She switched nipples, paying equal attention to both. When she pulled away, she felt quite good with herself, especially watching the way Rosalie's chest heaved and her head was thrown back in pleasure. Rosalie regained herself and slowly pushed her body forward with a sexy little smirk. She maneuvered Bella until she was out of the water, sitting on the edge of the small pool. Rosalie forced Bella's legs apart until they were spread wide open for her. Rosalie confidently undid the ties on both sides of her bikini bottoms and removed the wet piece of fabric, her knuckled brushing Bella's sex as she did so. By this point, Bella's breathing was out of control. She'd never done anything like this with a woman before, and even her husband didn't particular like going down on her. She was a bundle of nerves as she fought her rising trepidation and excitement all at once. Rosalie leant forward to place a preparatory kiss right on Bella's lower lips. Bella squirmed. "I can't do this, Rose," she said, the nickname just appearing on her lips. "I'm married." Rosalie moved so that she could see Bella's face. Her fingers drew soothing circles on the back of Bella's thighs. "I can tell he hasn't satisfied you in a long time. You're so good to him, Bella. Staying at home and never straying while he's away doing God knows what. Just let me take care of you." "I can't," Bella whispered. "A beautiful woman like you deserves to taken care of. Don't you want to feel my mouth on you? I'll enter you with my tongue and fingers like nothing else you've ever experienced. You'll be panting my name, asking for release before I'm through with you. Let me do this for you." The picture Rose painted with her words already had Bella tightening in anticipation. She slowly nodded her head, giving in to the pleasure of Rosalie's touch. Bella braced her arms behind her and spread her legs even further for her. Rosalie's mouth trailed kisses up the inside of her thigh, sucking and nipping along the way. Soon, Bella could feel her hot breath against her and nearly jumped when she felt her first lick. Rosalie started with just her mouth and tongue, lapping at Bella's delicate folds and sucking her clit into her mouth. Bella's breathing was out of control as she writhed under Rosalie's touch. She jumped when Rose's teeth scraped her clit and moaned when her tongue plunged inside her. Without warning, Rosalie's fingers entered her while her mouth stayed on her clit. The pressure built until Bella was rolling her hips in ecstasy. The wonderful coiling sensation in her stomach expanded until it consumed her whole body. "Yes, yes, yes," she breathed repeatedly as she felt her orgasm building. "Rosalie." The chanting seemed to inspire Rose, as she added another finger and bit down on her clit simultaneously. Bella's breath stuttered as she came violently against Rosalie's mouth. The orgasm seemed to last an age as the aftershocks kept jolting her body. Finally, Rosalie pulled away and Bella could catch her breath again. Bella slipped bonelessly back into the water. She submitted to Rosalie's heated kiss as they made out in the hot tub. Bella could taste herself on Rosalie's tongue, but it only aroused her more. They were still making out when a cellphone ring interrupted them. Rosalie reached outside the water and checked the caller ID on her phone. With a wince, she answered the call. "Hey, Alice," she said, listening to whatever Alice was saying on the other end of the line. The mention of Alice's name brought Bella back to the moment with a shock. She came down from her spectacular high with a resounding crash. Her wide eyes took in Rosalie's beauty and cursed at the fact she'd given in to temptation. She quickly fetched her bikini and redressed before leaving Rosalie on the phone. The blonde watched her walk away with a sense of regret. Rose didn't want Bella to feel upset at all. The whole point had been to make her feel better. Bella retreated to her room and, after a long shower, laid alone in her gigantic bed. She missed the company that her husband would have provided her, but most of all she missed the heat of another human body in bed with her. She fell asleep to the memory of Rosalie's breasts against her own.