bad yourself. You're very handsome and debonair in that black suit and gold tie. It's the same color as your eyes and my dress. Hmmmm, how did you manage that?" "Alice!" they exclaimed together and then broke out into laughter. They watched the Aurora Borealis give its final performance and fade to stage left. It saddened Leah to see the night sky suddenly empty of color. She wished it could have lingered at least until the end of the evening. "Are you having second thoughts about this?" She was suddenly nervous, even though Edward had reassured her many, many times the past few weeks. "Not a one. I want to marry you, Leah. There's no one else I want to spend forever with. No one." "Me either." Leah raised his hand to her lips and kissed their clasped fingers. A year ago she would have never known such happiness could exist, not in the world she'd been living in then. Suddenly, a chorus of high-pitched wails echoed throughout the house and filtered out into the solarium. "Lee-Lee!" Alice screeched over the deafening noise. "Help!" The wailing got closer until it finally arrived at their door. Edward sighed, good-naturedly, of course. Their few stolen moments of solitude were over. Alice was standing in the doorway of the solarium clutching their crying daughter to her chest with a look of utter desperation on her porcelain face. "She won't stop! I've tried everything! Here…" Alice offered the weeping bundle to Leah, but she laughed, shook her head and waved her away. "Oh no. Give her to Edward. It's her daddy she's wanting anyway. She always wants him when she's fussy." Leah grinned crookedly at Edward as Alice placed his daughter tenderly into his arms and then high-tailed it back into the house. Leah chuckled. "She's all yours, Mister Vampires Can't Procreate." Edward grinned back and shook his head. "You're never going to let me live that down, are you?" "Nope." Edward stuck his finger into his little girl's mouth. She clamped down on it and immediately went to work, sucking and gnawing for all she was worth. "You're going to save us a ton of money in teething rings, but you might not have any fingers left by the time she cuts all of her teeth, and she hasn't even really started yet." "Not a problem. They're reattach-able." Edward smiled down at his daughter, Susan Elizabeth Clearwater, soon to be Cullen. Leah and the rest of his family called her Lizzie, but to him, she would always be Elizabeth. They'd named her after both of their mothers, but it was mostly Leah he saw whenever he looked at her: that same dusky skin and those huge brown eyes that stared up at him with complete trust. Only the thick shock of bronze, unruly hair that was now gathered into a tiny waterfall on top of her head came from him. But it was her innocent thoughts of sleep, milk and her family that he cherished most. Her simple childish mind was a constant source of peace for him in times of stress. "Alice picked the christening gown, too. It looks beautiful on her, doesn't it?" Leah fingered the soft lace of the white gown draping her daughter's tiny socked feet. Both of them had been shocked to discover that their one night of passion had produced a child. Since she hadn't phased all that often in the last two years, her periods had returned, but had been very sporadic, but not sporadic enough to protect her, apparently. Their shock hadn't lasted very long, though. Edward had become a doting father literally overnight. Leah looked back on those nine months with nothing but fondness. Edward had been there for her every step of the way, through the sickness, the aches and pains, and the fear and labor of childbirth. Her every need had been fulfilled even before she'd spoken it. She'd sometimes had to remind him that she was an able-bodied adult fully capable of taking care of herself, but secretly she adored Edward's over protectiveness. He made her feel loved even when she herself didn't feel very loveable. Leah's cell phone suddenly vibrated in her sweater pocket. She pulled it out and quickly read over the new text message. Oh hell no! He wouldn't! Her father and mother, along with Seth, were due to arrive any minute now to witness their marriage and Lizzie's christening. Nobody had mentioned Jacob tagging along. He hadn't even been invited! Leah fumed silently as she thought about the many things that Jacob Black could do to ruin a perfectly good evening. "Aaah, I finally get to meet the infamous Jacob Black. Am I going to like him?" Edward waited for Leah's answer with one eyebrow raised in question. Throughout their year together, he'd occasionally heard thoughts of him running through her mind, and they were rarely ever good. Leah sighed. "I don't think so, but you can handle him. Just do the same thing I did with Rose: charm the pants off of him." Right then, a jeep came bouncing up the short driveway and skidded to an abrupt halt. Leah took a deep breath for courage and stood, stuffing her fists deep into the pockets of her sweater. Edward gathered Elizabeth up against his chest and took his place alongside his wife-to-be and waited for her family to come through the door. "It'll be fine." Edward tried to calm the growing panic he heard in her thoughts. "If he gets too much out of line I'll just kick his ass and ask questions later." She stared up at him and grinned, some of her panic fading away with her smile. "My beloved enemy. I love you so much," Leah whispered. "And I love you, my beautiful wolf girl." Edward smiled and winked. Leah smiled back and then took another deep breath. "Let's do this," she murmured as the door to the solarium swung open. *The End*