that Carlisle and his family, and many other progressive vampires, no longer fed from humans, but instead had turned to animals for food. They weren't nomadic any longer, but instead opted to group themselves together in small covens, or families. There was a dramatic shift in attitude sweeping through the vampire world, according to Carlisle. More and more nomadic vampires were seeing the benefits of living the lifestyle that the Cullens, and their friends the Denalis, were living: congregating in peaceful groups, blending in with the local population, and in some instances, even becoming productive members of society. Caleb learned of the Volturi, the vampires' governing body in Italy, and their leader, Aro, who was vehemently against the sweeping tide of change that was turning the vampire world upside-down. Caleb listened in rapt fascination as they described in detail the process of making and becoming a newborn vampire. "It's always been frowned upon, as newborns are notoriously unpredictable and hard to control," Carlisle explained. "But, as is always the case when a leader feels threatened and backed into a corner, the rules go out the window." Carlisle went on to explain that Aro was breaking his own primary rule: he was creating newborns to help him crush the newly-formed peaceful covens that were popping up all over the world, and in doing so was risking exposing them all to the humans around them. "Do you recall the violent protests a few months ago in Rio de Janiero?" Jasper asked. Caleb nodded. He'd seen and read about them, but that was half a world away, and hadn't seemed relevant to his life. "They were reported as political riots, a violent protest against the government and its leaders, but that wasn't the truth. The deaths were all caused by Aro's newborns, which he unleashed on the local population in order to completely wipe out the peaceful coven that had been established there. And then he covered it all up with the mask of political unrest." "What does this have to do with the Quileutes?" Caleb asked. Although he was completely absorbed and fascinated with all they were telling him, it was time to find out why they were really here and what they wanted from him and his people. "We've come to ask your help in fighting the Volturi and in protecting the peaceful covens from obliteration. We propose a new alliance between our two peoples. No longer will we be enemies, but instead will band together against a greater enemy: the Volturi and their newborns. Your people's legacy has always been to protect humans from vampires, but that mission has changed slightly. There has to be a distinction made now between peaceful vampires who harm no one and the violent among us who would kill every human in their way to get to their desired end. For centuries, we have tolerated the Volturi, but the time for change has come. Will you let go of your legends and consider a new partnership?" Caleb was stunned, overwhelmed, excited. So many conflicting emotions and thoughts as he considered everything he'd been told. "I can't make a decision like this on my own. I'd have to bring this before the elders, and I'm one of them, but frankly, it's been so long since we've actually did anything official. This is going to come as quite a shock to everybody," Caleb said, shaking his head in disbelief. "We understand," Carlisle said, nodding. "What exactly do I tell them?" Caleb asked. "We promised your father that we'd never return to Forks, but unfortunately, circumstances have changed since then. We're asking formal permission to move our coven back to Forks so that our presence will trigger the changes in your tribe and enable your young men to start phasing for the first time in a generation. Once things settle, then we'll take it from there. Together, we'll pinpoint vulnerable covens and provide protection, while other vampires work behind the scenes to neutralize the Volturi in more subtle ways." "Vampire spies and wolf bodyguards working together," Caleb said, still shaking his head in amazement. Jasper snorted in amusement. "That's one way of looking at it." "So, will you help us? Will you bring our case before your elders?" Carlisle asked hopefully. Caleb grinned. "Are you kidding me? This is the most incredible thing that has ever happened in my entire life! Of course I'll help you!" They made arrangements to meet at the end of one week. He had no idea if that would be enough time, but with the letter from Edward as proof, and perhaps with Sam's backing, Caleb felt sure that the elders would at least listen to Carlisle's proposal. There was one thing he knew for certain: Caleb Nathaniel Black, great-great grandson of Ephraim Black, was going to do everything in his power to convince his people to help the vampires. The time had finally come for the Quileutes to answer the ancient call and fulfill their true purpose. Their wolves would soon awaken. THE END AUTHOR'S NOTE: I have been asked many times to turn this one shot into a full length story, but I just don't have the time to invest in another multi-chapter story. My life circumstances have changed the past 3 years, and I no longer have the time to write like I did. I've never even really developed a future plot line, nor thought about the new original characters I'd have to create. (Caleb's children would be the ones to shift, since Caleb is too old.) All I know for sure is that Edward is not really dead. He went to the Volturi with the intent to commit suicide, but Aro decided he would be worth more alive than dead. They broke his emotional bonds with his family and Edward is now one of them. Beyond that, I have no idea what happens. I have written a short Father's Day one shot based on this story. It's called "Ants".