the road where Jake was headed. Alcohol and a curvy country road are never a good combination. "Garrett!" Jake's head whips around, searching for a face to match the voice. He can't see anything in the darkness beyond the red emergency flares. Then a person emerges out of the blackness and Jake is stunned speechless. "They're transporting. He's deceased. Call it in for me, okay, while I finish up the report?" The patrolman nods. "Sure." He walks off, leaving Jake standing open-mouthed with shock. The female patrolman is standing less than six feet from him. He can't even believe his eyes. "Bella?" Her head snaps up from the clipboard she's carrying. She searches his face in the red glow surrounding them until she finally puts the shadowy pieces of his features together and comes up with a match. "Jake!" The clipboard clacks to the pavement, forgotten. She's in his arms and he's holding her as tight as he can. This has to be a dream. It has to be. This entire night is just one long Tequila fueled dream and he's going to wake up any minute in some piece of shit motel with the mother of all hangovers. She pulls herself from his arms and steps back, looking him over. This is a dream , he keeps telling himself. Bella is married to Edward. That's fact. He was there. She's not a policeman in whatever the name of this town is. She's Isabella Marie Cullen now, not I.M. Swan, as it says on her badge. "What are you doing here?" he asks. She raises her eyebrows and smirks. "Working. What are you doing here?" He searches for an answer that won't make him seem like a total loser. He can't find one in the few seconds he's allowed. He needs some drinks in him before he can even begin to make sense out of the mess his life has become. "I don't know," he answers, shrugging and sounding stupid. "Just passing through." Her eyes search his, and he wonders what she's looking for. "After I get the paperwork finished on this, I'm done for the night. There's this little diner that opens in about an hour. It's not the greatest, but it's edible. Want to get breakfast and talk?" He asks about Edward. She informs him that there is no Edward now, only Bella. Her answer only raises more questions, so he agrees to have breakfast with her. He tries not to get his hopes up as he follows her cruiser into another small town, a carbon copy of the one he just left about ten miles behind him. Just because there's no Edward doesn't mean there's a Jacob either. He made a lot of mistakes back then, and he's not even sure he deserves her anymore, especially after the disgraceful way he's conducted himself the past four years. He pulls into the parking lot of the diner and waits nervously for her return. The food is terrible, but the company makes up for it. As they eat, she begins the story of how she went from Bella Swan to Bella Cullen and then back to Bella Swan again. "Our marriage started to collapse in the car, right after we left the reception," she says, gently laying down her fork and meeting his eyes. "It was the howling, Jake. I heard it, even through the closed windows of the car. Your grief broke my heart. That mournful sound, it haunted me from that point on." He hadn't done it to punish her for her decision. That was his pain manifesting itself in the only way it was able to at the time. He was a wolf, and he couldn't have held those cries in his body if his life had depended on it. His only regret was that his suffering had hurt her. He'd never intended for that to happen. "Things got progressively worse after that. By the time we arrived at Isle Esme—that's where we were going to spend our honeymoon—it was obvious, even to him, that I was unhappy." She shrugs. "Long story short, we talked. I was completely honest. We both made the decision together to split up. We never consummated our marriage." She sighs. "I'm not going to lie to you. Not now. Not after all we've been through. I loved Edward, and hurting him tore me apart. He was very understanding, as always, and that hurt me even more. The guilt over hurting him, hurting you, it nearly killed me. We divorced and I left Forks. I had to get away from the memories. Start over fresh somewhere else." He smiles crookedly. "I've been to Somewhere Else. The food sucks, but the cops aren't dicks. That's always a plus in my book." He silently thanks Leigh. Not only had she saved his life, but she'd made sure he'd been at the right place at the right time by hurrying him along his way. She laughs at his joke. He loves the sound. "I thought of you all the time," she says softly, laying her hand on top of his. "I love you, Jake. I do love you." At that moment, when she speaks the same words that had come from Leigh's mouth, he finally realizes that, somehow, it really was Bella he'd made love to back at that bar. He doesn't understand it, but he's not sure he needs to. He tells her he loves her too, and that he never stopped. "So, what's the name of this place?" he asks, embarrassed that he doesn't even know where he is. "Heavenly Hills, California." How perfect, he thinks. "Do you want to start over, Jake?" He grins. "Hell yes." That something big he's been searching for that would finally stop him? He's found it and he's not going to hit his brakes at the last second. He's going to let himself slam into it full force. His running is finally over. * The End *