Edward. Jacob went on to tell me that the recent spate of hiker deaths in the area thought to have been the work of bears had actually been Edward. They'd been watching him for awhile and were just getting ready to take action against him when my letter for help had arrived. "I wanted you to see with your own eyes, Bella. I wanted you to know that he's dead, that he won't ever come back to hurt you." Then Jacob picked up the still-moving pieces of Edward and threw them into the fire. A still silence fell around the clearing as we watched them burn. "He's gone. You're safe." Jacob's soft whisper broke the silence. He pulled me close against his side as I watched the monster who'd completely taken over my life, burn into ashes. I was free. "So, what do you say, Bells?" Jacob was staring down at me eagerly, like an overgrown puppy with its tongue hanging out. "No, Jacob. Please no," I moaned. "Awwww, come on, Bella. It won't be that bad. Please?" Begging now, those big brown eyes tugging at my heartstrings. "I can't dance. I swear it's the truth. I really can't." "Neither can I. What's the worst that could happen? We'll just fall down together," he said, answering his own question with a chuckle. "Jacob, awww, please don't make me do this." I whined, but I knew I'd lost. He was simply too sweet to turn down, but I let him make one last plea before giving in. "Isabella, please? For me?" he pleaded softly. "Oh, all right!" I laughed as he scooped me up into his arms and swung me around in circles. Good Lord. Bella Swan was going to the prom with Jacob Black. In what strange parallel dimension would I ever have gone to prom of my own free will? There was only one explanation: Jacob Black. He was so handsome in his black dress pants, white shirt and black tie. His short hair stuck out all over his head in the most endearing way. I was wearing a borrowed blue dress from Angela. A bit of makeup covered up the last lingering bruises pretty well, but the bruises on my soul were slower to heal, and were still tender to the touch. Stares and whispers followed us as Jacob and I worked our way around the room, carefully skirting the edges of the dance floor. Gossip had been rampant since the night that Edward had suddenly disappeared from Forks. Only after it was all over had Jacob told me the details. Apparently, Jasper had decided that enough was enough. He'd betrayed his own brother to Jacob and Quil, telling them exactly where Edward was going to cross over into their lands and exactly what he'd planned to do to me and the rest of them for snatching me away from him. With Jasper's help and that of the rest of the pack, capturing Edward had been child's play. Jacob refused to tell me who had dealt Edward his final death blows, but I was pretty sure I already knew. Later that night, Carlisle, Edward's father, had approached the boundary of the reservation and had asked to speak to Sam. He'd apologized profusely for what Edward had done. He'd confessed to knowing of Edward's cruelty but had thought him improved. Edward had fooled his own family, just like he'd fooled me. The rest of the Cullens had left town the next day. The coldness had finally left my life. Now, I was all about warmth and Jacob Black. "Let's get out of this crowd." Jacob grasped my hand and pulled me behind him until we managed to squeeze out of the French doors and onto an expansive back lawn. The music from inside filtered outdoors through hidden speakers. A beautiful gazebo stood several yards out away from the building. We both saw it at the same time. "Wanna dance?" Jacob grinned mischievously. "You mean, do I want fall down? Sure, why not." I grinned back and took his outstretched hand. The song changed. Flightless Bird, American Mouth started playing softly in the darkness. "I love this song, Jacob." We hurried toward the gazebo. Jacob took me into his arms, carefully keeping a distance between us. We shifted our bodies from side-to-side, which was about all two klutzes like us could safely manage. Midway through the song, he stopped swaying. His hand slid along the side of my neck. We stared into each other's eyes for what seemed like a very long time, until he began to inch slowly closer. He was going to kiss me, and I didn't know what to do. I'd been so cruelly used by Edward that I had no idea how I was going to react to the feel of his mouth on mine. Would I cringe away from him in disgust and hurt his feelings? Jacob didn't deserve that. I didn't know what to do, so I did nothing. I just waited until his lips were almost touching mine. His warm breath blew across my skin and it was so different from the icy chill of Edward's, so different that I knew I was going to be all right. I closed the tiny distance. Our lips touched, hesitant at first and then more urgent. I pulled away first, but was careful to smile up at him, letting him know that everything was okay. "Bella, we can take this as slow as we need to. You set the pace." I nodded and smiled. "Slow is good." With Jacob's patience and understanding, I felt confident that the wound in my soul would heal much faster and eventually disappear forever. "Bella, I want you to know that with every breath you take from this moment on until you stop breathing, I'll be by your side. As long as you want me." Yes. My life was all about warmth now, all about Jacob Black. ** The End **