had been made and the blood pouches had been dispensed to the vampires, they looked up at the exact same time to respond to a statement Embry had made, and their eyes met. Seth imprinted on her, and they agreed to try to be friends, to take things slow. Of course, now they're nearly inseparable when you get one around the other, and they're usually connected at the lips or the hands.", I explained this to Delia and everyone else, and several of the Cullens had to hide their smiles. "Why have they come here now? You didn't seem as prepared to see Alec as you normally do?", Embry asked, and everyone else nodded in agreement with him. "Aro knows. When Jane refused to be the mate of the newest guardsmen, he ordered her to give him her hand. He was okay with discovering three new hybrids, with learning who Alec and Jane truly are by birth, and finding out about her relationship with Seth. When she refused to break things off with Seth, which could kill the poor guy, Aro got angry. He and Caius were planning on sending Felix and the guy Aro wanted to be Jane's mate to kill Seth. Alec told Jane, and Jane grabbed her go-bag. Alec got his and the two of them hopped on the first flight to Sydney, Australia. From there, they flew to Paris, and from there they flew to Los Angeles. They landed in Seattle this morning and ran from the airport to our house. Alec tracked our scents and found us here, to warn us. Neither of them has hunted anything in almost a week, so I want you to keep an eye on them today, Em. If we run out of blood pouches, call Dad. Unless there are any other questions, I think we should head to school now.", I said the last sentence sarcastically. "I still have one question: what blood are they drinking?", Jacob asked, and I felt it was best to answer that question to ensure the treaty Embry had told me about was not violated. "In the 80s, my dad invented these juice pouches filled with deer blood. Jane and Alec know this, and they drink it willingly. Dad's diet is like yours, but I wasn't sure at first. He wears color contacts to help him blend in at the science conventions and botany exhibits he attends, so I never knew what color his eyes really were. I can now say that they are gold, because I know his diet. Anyway, the pouches, which look kind of like Capri Suns, can be easily stored, can be taken into public, and can seal themselves after being emptied in order to not attract flies with the remaining blood particles. If you want to try some, I can get my dad to bring me some more. He'll have to anyway, as Jane and Alec have probably drained my stock. Oh, and he has started doing specialty blood flavors recently. The mountain lion one was interesting the first time I tried it, to say the least, and the elk one is rather good. Just let me know, and I'll place an order.", I smiled as I spoke, and the Cullens all looked interested. "Hey, Evelyn, what's your dad's name?", Edward asked me. "One, I prefer to be called 'Evie,' and two, his name is Arthur Bennet.", I responded pleasantly as Embry's cell phone rang. We all heard the conversation, and I became increasingly frustrated with Forks High School. Embry lied, as he was our emergency contact, and said the three of us had contracted food poisoning over the weekend in Port Angeles and were home sick for the day. I knew there was a reason I love my brother as much as I do. Of course, before I could even form my next thought, my cellphone rang. I answered it with a laugh as my older sister tried to talk to me while our brother was singing at the top of his lungs in the background. "Jane, are you better now?", I asked her, and she giggled. "Do you think Seth would've let me near the phone if I wasn't? Somehow, Alec and I've both managed to drink enough blood to now be full and leave some still in both fridges. Are you planning on inviting the Cullens over tonight for dinner? They could sample Dad's blood pouches and we can cook for any wolves or hybrids that might be at dinner.", Jane replied, and I looked at Embry who shrugged as if to say "It's up to you." "I guess we can. I'll be home soon with the other two, so tell Alec he's not Jared Leto and prepare to meet your younger sisters.", I told her, and she gave an affirmative answer before we both hung up; I turned to the Cullens. "Assuming you heard my sister, which I know you did, you're all invited over to our house tonight for 'dinner.' All who eat human food will be fed, don't worry about that. If you decide you're going to come over, I'll know. I- Embry, go and tell your brother if he even thinks about going after my brother and sister, I'll kill him!", I started talking to the Cullens when I had a brief vision of Sam, Embry's half-brother and former alpha, trying to go after the only two red eyed vampires in the general area. "Gotcha! I'll be over later, Evie!", he called as he ran out the door behind me and out of sight as he ran towards La Push. "Sammy, Delia, come on. We need to get home soon, okay?", I said to my sisters, and they immediately walked over towards me. "It was nice meeting everybody!", and then we left, leaving fifteen confused people in our wake. A/N: R&R, and please remember this is a fanfiction. I get annoyed when people seem to forget that. Hope you enjoyed the chapter!