Angela was prancing next to me and gave me a big hug. "That was ah-may-zing! Did you hear the crowd? Are you sure you haven't done this before?" What? They loved it? What happened? "No, most definitely not." I answered monotonously. "You were a natural! And so sexy! Oh my God! And that guy looked like he was going to pounce on you or something." She chuckled. "Guy?" She gave me a weird look. "That hot piece of man meat you just teased at the end of the walkway. I think every guy in the bar wanted to be in his place when you were doing your thing to him." My thing. "Huh." I replied casually. "Huh? That's all you have to say? You two were practically eye-fucking. It was so hot! Do you know him?" I shook my head. Holy fucking shit. Did I just do… all that? Was my fantasy actually a reality? Did I mix those two up again? "No, I don't know him. Uhm… am I done for the night?" She sighed. "Yeah, unfortunately. Are you sure you don't want to do the closing act?" And risk mind-fucking him again? "No." I answered immediately. A familiar squeal erupted behind me. "Ah! Bella Isabellaaa! You were fantastico!" He kissed both my cheeks. "Oh, unfortunately you are done for tonight. But are you sure you don't want a part-time job here? It pays well." He smiled. "Oh… no. Thank you, but I have my hands full with my other…job." He nodded. "Ah well, I had to ask. You are welcome to cover for any of my girls anytime. Ciao, darling." After he kissed my cheek, he started shouting in Italian too fast for me to understand, but it was probably for preparation of the second performance. I looked at Angela. "Help me get out of these clothes?" "You know it." She chuckled. I smirked. "You dirty girl." Thirty minutes later, I reverted to my original form and blasted away from the Burlesque bar using the backdoor. God knows I couldn't face that man again… after what I did to him. Oh God, just thinking of it…my face was burning up. If all that really happened, then… he must have… he… I sighed. Did he really look at me like that? The thought of his dark eyes as he looked at me got my legs all weak. How on earth was I going to live this down? I groaned and slapped my cheeks. "This was a one night thing, Bella. You are not a burlesque dancer. You are a chef and you are about to open the store of your dreams soon! Phew… snap out of it, girl." I ran towards my car and drove as quickly as I could back home, trying to get rid of memories of a green-eyed greek god back at the bar. Unfortunately, memories of his face, his lustful gaze, his sexy smirk and the smell of his perfume followed me all the way to my dreams that night. Looking at the competition in front of me, I almost laughed. I so had this. There was an available studio space down at Larchmont Street that would be perfect the Café Bakery I was aiming to put up. Unfortunately, since it's in such a popular street in Los Angeles, I wasn't the only one who wanted the space. I had three other competitors here in front of me, and none of them looked like they knew what they were getting into. One looked like a young fashionista looking to put up a boutique, maybe. However, her clothes didn't look appropriate for a business meeting we were having today with the owners of the building. One man looked like he was on crack and whatever business he might put up could be on the verge of illegal. Ah, yes, lovely future lawsuit we have here. The last person, on the other hand dressed quite nicely and though he looked like a sweet old man, I didn't think this was the right place for him. Contracts in places as popular as this are usually long-term, and with his age… well, yeah. Sad really. Me, on the other hand, I believe I could fit quite well here. With a degree in business administration and two-years experience of apprenticing under a renowned patissier and barista in France… also I was young, fresh, and professional. I could be the perfect candidate for this. I wasn't one for bragging, but I was too excited. My dream was finally coming true. The door opened revealing a handsome blonde man with blue eyes whom I estimated to be around his late forty's or early fifty's. He had a friendly smile on his face. "Sorry to keep everyone waiting. Please come in." My competitors entered the room first and since I was the last to enter, I only thought it appropriate to close the door, but someone beat me to it. "My name is Carlisle Cullen, I'm the owner of the building." When the man behind the door revealed himself, I made a silent gasp. Tousled bronze hair, green eyes, a chiseled face, and tailored suit… No, no, no, no, it can't be. His eyes widened for a moment in surprise as he caught my gaze, but then they turned dark and amused, making my knees weak as they did just a few days before. "Ah, also I would like to introduce everyone to my son, Edward. He will be joining us today and will be helping me with my decision." He gave me a full blown smirk with mischievous eyes and outstretched his hand for me to take. "It is… a pleasure to meet you." I. Am. So. Dead. So… Let's see how much attention this story gets. (FYI: This will only be a short story). Ya'll see that review button over there? Yep, that's the source of my inspiration. Haha. I'll blow you a kiss if you leave me a message :*