I say I'm feeling nervous, it's in that giddy way where I feel butterflies in my stomach and my palms are sweaty. But, my stupid hair won't flip the way I want it to, and my hands are so shaky, it looks like I put my eyeliner on with a vibrator for fucks sake! Thank God I spend so much time at Alice's that I keep half of my wardrobe in her spare room. I've not only tried on all of my outfits but also some of hers trying to figure out what to wear, but nothing looks right. If I don't hurry up and choose something Alice is going to want to play Bella Barbie and there's no way I am up for that tonight. Or, maybe I should just give in and let her. What I need to do is calm the fuck down, and not be a total spaz, but that seems to be easier said than done at the moment. Finally, I come up with an acceptable outfit after I take one more look through my own clothes. Alice comes to check on me while I'm putting the final touches on my makeup, proving once again she has some weird sixth sense of foresight. "Here you go, babe. Jasper made this just how you like it. Heavy on the Jack, easy on the Coke." "Bless that gorgeous man of yours." She hands me a drink and motions for me to stand up. I am assuming it is so she can give my outfit final approval. "Is Edward here yet?" "Yeah he just got here a few minutes ago. He's showing Jasper the new paint job on the Chevelle." Taking a long drink, I turn around and let Alice give me the once over. I ended up wearing a dark red fitted off the shoulder blouse and my favorite low rise jeans. They make my ass look like a sin, and the bra I'm wearing gives me perfect cleavage. Just enough so I am showing off the girls, but I don't look like I paid for flotation devices. "Well...let me have it. What do you think? Do I need to change?" I ask. "No, no need to change. Edward's not gonna know what hit him." Of course she is grinning like the Cheshire Cat. "OK, so then what is that look for?" "I'm just wondering how easy that top is to take off in the back seat of his car. Maybe you should have worn a button up. Easy access." "Oh. My. God, Alice! Stop already!" I turn to look in the mirror again. "Relax, and stop fussing already. You look fantastic, and we're in no hurry. There's plenty of time before the movie starts." Looking at Alice in the mirror, I let out a deep sigh and take another sip from my drink. I can feel the alcohol calming my nerves, giving me a moment to collect myself. "Edward and I have talked every night this week." "Yeah, I heard my dad teasing him about it at dinner last night." "I haven't spent this much time on the phone since I was in high school." I laughed. "It's nice, you know, and I can't remember a time when anyone has ever made me feel like this before." "These are all good things." "Even though this started out as a favor you knew we would hit it off like this, didn't you?" "We both know that was never really what this was." she said. "The truth is I thought you would be great for my brother when I first met you. I've always known Edward is a good person, but when he was caught up in all that bullshit, he wasn't good for anyone. Especially not for my best friend, and you were quite frankly a mess after Garrett left. The timing just wasn't right for either of you." "And now?" I ask. "I wouldn't set you up if I didn't think it was going to be something amazing." "Thank you, Alice. I think you know me better than I know myself sometimes." "OK enough with the heavy...let's get this show on the road. There are two fine looking men out there waiting for us." "Yes, ma'am!" I mock salute her and down the rest of my drink. Looking back in the mirror one last time I fix my lipstick and follow her out the door. ~~Restoration~~ AN: This story was originally a contribution for another compilation last year. When I heard about the Fandom for Mental Health Awareness campaign, I decided to get off my butt and finally post this chapter here on FFn, and finish chapter 2 as a contribution for this compilation. The plan is to have the rest written by the time we are allowed to post our stories online. For more info on what this is all about, and where to contribute, please visit this blog: ffmh dot wordpress dot com slash about I need to thank bornonhalloween and shellshock81 for helping me make this story happen. They are both awesome beta's and prereaders. Born, has been encouraging me to get off my butt to write something for a long time now, and this just seemed like the perfect time to do it. She's my cheerleader, and so generous with her time and advice. Shellshock81 I got to know when she was posting her fic called Try, (if you haven't read it...go now!), and she's awesome in any and every way you can think of. Sometime while fangirling over Jax Teller and Killian Jones together, I mentioned I had this story I wanted to contribute and being the generous person she is, she immediately offered to help. I have no idea how I ever would have whipped this into shape without either of these ladies. And a super huge thank you to Beffers87 for making me the best banner and manips of Edward ever! I LOVE THEM! Thanks so much for reading!