steering wheel. He wasn't used to girls being stubborn. As she rattled off the address, he decided that maybe this was the best thing. She probably just didn't want to portray herself as easy or something. Not that he would care. She would be begging to have him inside her soon enough. Just a couple more dates. He turned the car around. Jacob knew these streets like the back of his hand, since he'd grown up living in them. It wasn't until he'd been recruited straight out of high school that he'd had any sort of money. But it had gone to his head quickly as he abandoned his previous friends for his teammates and signed a multimillion dollar contract for the Seahawks, which was big for a rookie. They pulled up to her house and he was amused at the smallness of it, since he knew four girls were sharing it. He stepped out to open her door, but she was out before he could even suggest it. They walked to her front door. "Well, Jacob it was nice meeting you, but-" He didn't really give a damn as to what she was saying. His lips slammed roughly against hers before she could finish. His hands groped hungrily against her flesh, squeezing uncomfortably. She was surprised and disgusted at the feel of his moist lips against her, as well as the feel of his too warm hands against her breasts through the thin dress. Her hands came up against his chest and she tried to push him away, but she didn't have the strength to accomplish even that. His large frame trapped her against the door. All she could manage was turning her head, but all he did in return was run his lips down her neck. "Jacob, I think we're going to call it a night." She said, struggling against him again. He would have to cooperate if she was going to get away. He pulled away, his eyes full of heat. He saw how this was going to go. She was going to play hard to get, but that was okay with him. He liked the chase and it was refreshing to have to prove himself instead of just having the woman throw himself at him. He ran his hand up her bare arms one last time and she shivered in a mixture of anger, disgust, and fear. All he saw was her shivering with desire. "I'll call you." He said before turning around and taking himself back to his sports car. She opened the door and tumbled into the house, stalking to her bedroom. Alice bounded out of her room at the sound of the opening door. "So, how was it?!" She asked excitedly. "He was a pompous prick of an asshat, who could talk about himself to the end of his days." Bella exhumed angrily, going into the bathroom to scrub at her mouth with a washcloth. She still had the God awful taste of his tongue stuck on her taste buds. "He practically attacked me when we got out of the car. And he thought we were going to go back to his place already. Let's just say I wouldn't be too sad if he got severely injured within the next few days." "Are you okay?" Alice asked seriously and Bella knew that she was feeling guilty for how the date turned out. Alice just wanted Bella to be as happy as she was. "We can call the cops. I'm sorry Bells." She said, encircling her arms around Bella's waist. "I'm okay Alice, just go back to Jasper." Alice's cheeks warmed when Bella pointed out that she knew about the man currently residing in Alice's bed. Alice tripped back to her boyfriend and bounded into bed, thoroughly waking him up. "Please tell me their date went well so Black will stop pestering me about women. And stop looking at you like you're a meal." He groaned sleepily into the pillow. Alice kissed his back once, twice, three times, then spread herself over him. The top of her head to the bottom of her feet barely spanned from his neck to just past his butt. "Great." He said sarcastically, then flipped quickly onto his back to wrap Alice in his arms. "Bella doesn't take kindly to assholes."She chirped making him chuckle. "And she is never going out with him again. She deserves better." "What did he do?" He moved to sit up, worried now, but Alice pushed him back down on the bed, covering his face with kisses. "Bella said she was okay. I'll check on her in the morning to make sure." She buried her face in his chest, enjoying the warmth she found there. "I didn't think Jacob would be such an asshole." "I can always tackle him a little too hard on field. Blow out his knee." He growled threateningly before he transformed back into a sleeping rock. Meanwhile, Bella was collapsed against her closed door. She had scrubbed her mouth clean with a toothbrush and even considered rinsing it with soap. She let the back of her head hit the back of the door softly, letting a sigh rush from her lips. This had not been one of her favorite evenings. Being alone at a bar for so long, having to listen to that idiot ramble on for what seemed like days, feeling his lips against hers... and he was, apparently, still going to call her. The only good part of the evening, if you could even call it that, was seeing... him . Her eyes widened and her pulse increased just thinking about his lips, his eyes, his hair, his jaw. He was the most breathtaking man she had ever had the chance to lay eyes on. Alcohol still running through her system and thoughts of the bartender prancing through her head, Bella crawled into bed and fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. Please review. :)