him like Seabiscuit, or in this case, T-Rex. Edward no longer had achy cahoonas; in fact, they felt great. He lifted Bella's plump ass, sliding her up and down on his slick, rock-hard cock. Those pics he'd seen on Tumblr had been spot-on. Standing and making love was fun and fucking sexy. Bella's boobs bounced with every move, and he watched, totally mesmerized. "I'm almost there. Don't stop, don't stop." Bella scrunched her eyes closed. Stars were beginning to appear behind her lids, and she knew an orgasm was within reach. "Yeah, that's it." Edward broadened his stance. He'd never held her in that position for much longer than a quick cheer at basketball games, and his biceps were starting to cramp. "Hurry! Just come." "Shh. I'm trying." Bella felt rushed now and peeked open one eye. Edward was gritting his teeth with furrowed brows; he did look similar to an angry T-Rex. "Am I hurting you?" Edward shook his head. But yes, his arms were going numb, and he feared he would drop Bella. "Just come, please." He wasn't concerned anymore with getting his rocks off, but he wasn't going to disappoint his girl. He tried masking his pain. "You look so...sexy." "And you look so...awkward." She panted. "Just close your eyes. I'm fine." He pumped even faster, but he wobbled backward a tiny bit. Bella's rhythm was interrupted and her body rocked forward then back into the books, knocking a few of them off the shelf into the aisle behind her. "Jake is that you?" a voice called through the room. "If you're getting some ass in the archive room again, then I'm telling your boss." Jessica's footsteps were calculated. She wanted to catch whomever it was having sex. "Your library privileges have already been suspended once; next time it's banned for life." "Shit," Edward whispered, then stopped his bump and grind. "Fucking Jessica." He'd know that irritating voice anywhere. And no wonder Jake, his coworker, always wanted to take his lunch break at this library's archive room. All this time Edward thought his co-worker was being studious, but in actuality, he was dusting off his fossil. Edward withdrew Rex from Bella and set her down. She scrambled to put back on her clothes while Edward pulled up his ripped jeans. He was unable to fasten them from the horrid fiasco of trying to free Rex in the first place, and they hung off his ass. "Where the hell?" He couldn't locate his shirt anywhere and quickly gave up the search because Jessica's voice was getting closer. He and Bella were about to be discovered if they didn't hurry up and leave. Being banned from the library would be awful, not to mention detrimental to their archaeological studies, if they were caught. "Jake?" the voice called out again. "I have your shirt. I know it's you. It's green and says 'Seattle Public Library Maintenance'." Edward grabbed Bella's Adidas, took hold of her hand, and raced around to the table, picking up her backpack before making their way out of the archive room unnoticed. They ran—well, Edward more like waddled because his jeans were wrecked—most of the way down the stairs until they felt they were safe from being fingered as the guilty parties having relations in the archive room. The only problem was that Edward was shirtless and a few people were staring. "Baby, your shirt." Bella tried covering Edward up with her body, but he towered over her and she only made them look guiltier. "Here, this way." He pulled her hand toward the back exit. They could hear Jessica's voice loud and clear, calling out to Jake. She was adamant she had found her culprit. As Edward pushed open the door, a shirtless Jake was just putting away the leaf blower. He was sweaty from working on the lawn and needed to get a drink from the water fountain inside. "Hey, hold the door," Jake called out to his co-worker. "No problem, man." Poor Jake was about to walk into a shit storm named Jessica. He had no idea he was about to take the heat for something he hadn't done and be banned for life from the library. When Edward and Bella reached Edward's work truck and finally had the chance to situate their clothes properly, they looked at each other for a long moment then collapsed in laughter. Both releasing the stress of school and work and not enough time together—and unfulfilled sex. Reality bites. "Can I take you home, baby?" Edward asked as he opened the passenger door for Bella. "You and Rex can take me anywhere." Bella giggled, eyeing said beast. "And we'll be ready for you to continue your excavation when you come home tonight." "As long as you're not navigating zippers, I'm game." He touched his tender groin then dropped his hand to his side, his expression changing. "But why wait? I want to love you...right now." Bella pulled Edward closer. "That sounds great, but what about work?" He pressed his whole body against hers, trapping her between the warm truck and his even warmer body. "Screw work." His voice lowered as he leaned in to kiss her lips. "They can deal without me for one afternoon." Then Edward, well Rex actually, was a man on a mission. He hurried Bella, then himself into the truck, and drove home at lightning speed, because Rex needed to finish what he had started. . . . Thank you to all involved in the Beyond the Bedroom Contest and to the public for reading and voting. This was a fun contest and some amazing stories were submitted. You should go check out the contest page on Facebook. Also, (shameless promotion coming up) if you missed the announcement in December that I published a book, Uplifting Spirit, you can check it out on Amazon and Barnes & Noble under my author name Perry Noel. Thanks for supporting my writing. Hugs, OhGee Aka: Perry Noel