stepped into view of their home. This was as close to a goodbye he could ever have with Charlie and though it had turned out exactly how he hoped, he was still left wanting more. But he supposed that feeling would fade with time. "Thank you," Edythe breathed into Beau's chest. "I didn't know what to expect with all this - I thought it was just for Charlie - but this! Thank you, Beau." She tilted her head back and she stood on her tip toes, kissing him passionately. A cough from just behind them deflated the kiss momentarily. Archie held his hands out, palms up, expressing his indignity. "And where is my thank you, sis? Who do you think orchestrated this?" She bristled. "You orchestrated nothing. All you had to do was find the first ring and set up Charlie to find the second." Archie was right next to them now, ignoring all personal space boundaries. "I'll have you know Beau came directly to me for help with this, including what he needed to say in the letter to set this in motion so I am definitely an orchestrator. There were other ways this could have ended where Charlie didn't get closure - and neither did you, Edy." Archie looked awfully proud of himself. "This way helped the maximum amount of people: Charlie got some peace about losing Beau, Beau got to know he helped his dad, and you got to let go of some of that guilt you had about this whole thing." "And now I don't have to deal with the constant self loathing," Jessamine added, appearing at the bottom of the stairs. "And the relief is very much appreciated." Archie grinned wider. "Another satisfied customer!" Jessamine rolled her eyes but was still smiling. "Correct. But now you need to come with me and stop bragging." She nodded her head towards Edythe and Beau who were still blissfully wrapped together, more or less ignoring Archie. "Learn to read a room, will you? Beau's father just basically blessed the marriage - let them have some privacy." She was gone an instant later, already heading into the forest. Archie beamed towards the twosome once more before following. "Are you okay?" Edythe had to ask now that they were finally alone; after she had reentered the house, Carine and Earnest had had the good sense to go for a stroll. Beau shrugged around her, pulling her in tighter. He knew this was all he could do for Charlie, to let him know how much Edythe meant to him posthumously and hope that that would be enough to comfort him. That, and have Bonnie Black looking after him as she promised. It didn't feel like enough, though; Renee at least had Phil to help her pick up the pieces. And besides, if Archie was right, like he usually was, she would soon realize that while she had lost one child another was already growing inside her. That would be some comfort. Beau hoped that she would let Phil name this one, though. And of course a lot of this had been for Edythe, not just to help with her lingering guilt in having taken Beau away from people who loved him, but also to help her realize the depth of his feelings for her. She hadn't known the significance of the ring he presented her with only an hour ago, thinking perhaps it was a ring borrowed from Carine to stand in for a real engagement ring following their tree top vows during the funeral. When instead this had been a plan Beau and Archie had been setting up for a few days. Beau wasn't supposed to propose to her in the tree, that hadn't been part of the plan though Archie saw it was a possibility, but it had worked out for the best since she was already wearing the ring when Charlie showed up to present her with the second. Royal had weighted in on the plan once to ask why Beau didn't simply give her both rings to which Archie replied that Royal didn't have a romantic bone in his body. But Archie actually knew that it was less about the romance aspect and more about Edythe knowing that Charlie wanted her to be happy with Beau and would have be beyond thrilled to see them married, though he never could. Having Beau's father's approval was just one of the small, old fashioned ideas Edythe had about the way the world should work. This was also why Beau made sure to pull Earnest aside earlier in the day to make sure he had earned her pseudo father's blessing - which of course Earnest was only too happy to give. Beau wanted to show Edythe that he would do any and everything in his power to make her happy, and he felt he had succeeded. And now she finally knew how much she meant to him, something he wished he could show her for the longest time. She was worth all this. She was his always & forever, like his grandmother had been for the original Beau. Somehow, he had always known that his grandmother's rings were meant for Edythe, maybe since he first meet her. Maybe that was why he had taken the rings out of storage where they had sat since Charlie gave them to him last year, hiding them in his sock drawer only weeks ago, a few days before the baseball game that had changed everything. Edythe kissed along his jaw, a quiet almost purring sound emitting from her chest. Beau let himself spend five more seconds mourning Charlie before letting himself be distracted by his fiancée's lips. He could not do anymore on that front. All he could do for Charlie's sake now was be as happy and as in love as Charlie had wanted him to be. And so he vowed that would be exactly what he did for every second of forever.