planned for this evening: no foreplay, no wining and dining, just pure sex—dirty, filthy sex. If she's shocked at my boldness, she's hiding it well. I thread my fingers through the side of her hair, gripping silky strands in my calloused hand. She swallows thickly. "Such a good girl." I inch closer, my dick grazes her chin. "Paying off your debt is gonna taste so good, huh?" She nods. "Show me how much you like my cock." Bella's cherry-red lips part, and my thumb sweeps over them, smearing the color to her cheek. The thought of a lipstick ring on my skin sends a ripple of electricity through my veins. Her hands rest on my thighs as her tongue touches the head. My toes curl into the carpet at the sensation. I pull her closer, needing more. Bella opens wider, and I shift my hips forward, pushing my cock into her warm, wet mouth, hitting the back of her throat. She gags, and those brown eyes water. I ease up and let her show me what she's got. Her lips tighten around my shaft while her flattened tongue glides over my length. "Yeah, just like that." She grips my balls in one hand then rolls them, tugging gently. I had my doubts when she gagged, but she may be a pro after all. I guide her head, setting the rhythm. Her mouth suctions harder around my cock, and it's unreal. My legs almost buckle, and I brace my shins on the front of the couch. "Fuck yeah," I groan as her head bobs, giving me pleasure. Bella swivels her hips on the cushion, and her skirt rides up. "Touch yourself," I say through rapid, ragged breaths. Her fingers disappear where I can't see them, so I withdraw my cock from her mouth, dropping to my knees. I yank her tank up and over her head, and those titties bounce in my face. My lips and teeth suck and pull at the metal bars secured through her nipples, making her gasp. My hand covers hers, guiding her two fingers and one of mine inside her pussy. Bella sucks air, in and out, through clenched teeth. "So, fucking wet, sweetheart. You like paying up, huh?" I say against her heated skin. "Assho...oh…" She moans out when I curl our fingers, hitting that sweet spot. My lips travel down Bella's stomach. My tongue dips into her belly button, tasting her sweetness. I lay her back on the couch and make quick work of her skirt, unfastening the button and zipper with my free hand. Our fingers only leave her wet pussy long enough to pull off the skirt. My cock scrapes the tweed fabric of the couch as I maneuver myself over her. I'm ready to soothe the burn by sinking balls deep inside her. "Condom. Purse," she says. Her words are breathy. I spot her bag on the side table and blindly reach inside for the condoms. "Or not. I'm on the pill." It takes a second for blood to recirculate to my brain. I haven't gone bareback since Tanya, and I've sworn I never will again. But my focus is getting inside Bella and what she came here for—to repay me for the repairs on her truck. "No way, sweetheart. I don't need a snot-nosed kid riding my coattails when you're out on the town doing God-knows-what." I'm not expecting the sting and burn when she bitch-slaps my cheek. "Fuck you," she growls through gritted teeth. I chuff and half smile at her boldness, enjoying the pain. I withdraw my empty hand from her purse and use it to hold her arms above her head by her wrists. "Feisty." My cock overrides all rational thought, and I plunge inside her slick, tight pussy. Her heels dig into the back of my thighs and I brace myself, thrusting mercilessly. "You better not be lying to me, Bella." She's meeting my thrusts. Tits bouncing, head thrown back revealing a purplish hickey on her neck—the one I put there a few nights ago. "I don't lie...not usually," she adds. I press my sweat-beaded forehead to hers. "You better not," I warn. I can't get the friction I'm seeking and pull her up until she's straddling my lap. She rides my cock like a jockey competing for the Triple Crown. "Mase, Mase," she chants. "I'm…" Her thighs squeeze mine, and her arms circle my neck like a noose. "...gonna come." My hands grip her ass, working her pussy faster on my cock. She's beautiful when she comes, and I want to take every advantage of this last time with her, so I pull her off my lap. "What are you doing?" she groans. "Not yet, sweetheart. This is my payment, not yours." I push her off my lap. "Stand up and turn around." She does as I ask. "Spread your legs and touch your toes." I run my dick between sweet cheeks, and she wiggles back and forth. "I remember you mentioning ass play." . . . "Three tacos, extra spicy." Cool wind sifts through my lined coveralls. "Do you have a death wish, Mase?" Alice laughs. I smirk. "And a coffee." I hand her a twenty. She waves me off with a smirk of her own. "Beans says your money's no good here." "Oh, really?" I laugh. "Sounds familiar." Reaching in my back pocket, I retrieve a note I wrote earlier and hand it to Alice. "Make sure Bella gets this." "Will do." I watch as Bella fills orders inside the food truck. She turns when she hears me say her name. I give her a wink, taking my coffee from the counter. Stepping back, I let the next customer in line order, and Alice hands Bella the note. She glances up and meets my eyes before she reads. Her smile grows as she mouths every word. The oil change and tire rotation are gonna cost you big time, Beans. My place. Tonight. Mase