to take so long; the stereo was off, only adding to the silence in the car. Edward's mood had changed drastically. His features were hard, his posture was rigid, and he let out deep sighs that filled the void in the air, never once looking in my direction. I wrung my hands together in my lap, trying to figure out what I had done. These looks were familiar; I saw them on his face at school. "I'm waiting until you get inside."He finally spoke as he cut the engine outside of my house. "I'm fine, you should probably go."I put my hand on the door handle to leave. "I'm such a fuck to make you sneak out."He grumbled, shaking his head in regret. "I'm no good for you Pudding Cup."He pulled me to him, for a goodbye kiss. The way he kissed me was hard and controlling, but then his hand skimmed my cheek and his kiss turned soft and sweet before letting me go. "I'll be fine."I hoped to everything holy that I wasn't kidding myself. I knew that my very own Donut Muncher would be up in less than an hour. "Text me. I wanna know you aren't facing a firing squad once you get in there."He offered a small smile, one not touching his eyes before I eased away from him. "Don't have your number. I'll see ya at school, Edward."I smiled, saying goodbye before shutting the car door as quietly as I could, ending my night of mischief. I crossed the front lawn to ascend the trellis to my safe haven. That's when a hand suddenly covered my mouth, sending my heart into a state of panic. Then, I felt Edward's defined chest pressed up against my back. "Don't even think about it. The fuck if I'm letting you climb this deathtrap."His hand dropped from my mouth and he picked me up, turning me the direction of my front porch. "Come on." "No, I can do it ... I need to hurry though. My dad will be up soon." I whispered; a little annoyed that we were wasting time. Not on my watch you aren't." He took my hand and practically dragged me toward the front door. "Keys?" He held his hand out, in expectance. I dug my heels into the ground to halt the advance to the front door. "I don't have them. I left them in my room." He shrugged. "No problem. I'll just do it my way." Edward's voice was light, and his eyes were mischievous; the hand holding mine squeezed tighter as I gave into him, his way of letting me know it was going to be all right. Edward slipped his wallet out of his back pocket, taking out a credit card. By this time, we were both standing at the front door. I was freaking out, but and he was cool as a cucumber. I didn't get this guy. It was as if he thrived on this kind of pressure. Breaking and entering. I mean, technically it wasn't that since it was my house and all, but sheesh, Edward didn't flinch. I watched how Edward slid the card in between the door, doing a little swipe and a jiggle and in seconds, we had officially broken into Fork Knox. "I assume your bedroom is locked too?"Edward's mouth was pressed to my ear. I nodded, not wanting my parents to catch me at this point, but their bedroom was on the first floor and I had some creaky stairs to maneuver next. I put my finger to my lips and crept slowly toward the stairs, past my parent's room. Edward followed my lead with his hands firmly placed on my hips as we gingerly stepped to the second floor. With the credit card in hand, for the second time he skillfully broke into another door of my house. "There ya go." Edward winked with a proud look on his face. His mission was complete. "Thanks." I whispered back. Pulling him in the room and relocking the door. "Now go." I ordered, but his hands were roaming my body and pushing me toward my bed. "No way, this bed is calling my name." He teased. I knew he was playing, but I was scared shitless and didn't' have time for his antics. This night was not over until he was out of my house and I was safely tucked back in bed, underneath the security of my blankets. I shook my head hard and pointed at the window. He kissed me one more time, tugging at my bottom lip with his teeth as he smiled, and backed toward the window leaving. I stripped off my jeans and fell onto my bed with a cheeky smile. I lay there remembering the way it felt to have Edward's body pressed into mine, touching me and kissing me, promising me a next time. Suddenly an incoming text startled me out of my thoughts. For a moment, I wondered how Edward has gotten my number. Then I giggled, thinking about what happen tonight. This bad boy had gotten me to sneak out of my house via a trellis, and took me to a party on a school night. I witnessed a drug buy, smoked my first joint, and drag raced with a POS. We then out-ran a donut-muncher, was sent into orgasm heaven, and kissed senseless. Then, the perfect night ended when he broken into Fork Knox and entered my bedroom. I guess if my bad boy could do all of the above, he could certainly find a way to get my number. I looked at the screen and read the words. " For the record, my favorite flavor of pudding is you XOX. Meet me at your locker tomorrow." Sigh … A/N: I'm continuing this fic, so put me on your author alert list and follow/favorite this story so you will be notified of updates. Thank you again to all of you who supported me.