turn the conversation away from her own value system. "You waited." She was right, or course, but Beau didn't see it as waiting so much as never having the desire to act on. He couldn't act upon feelings of lust when they hadn't existed before. "There was no one I wanted before," he repeated from a previous conversation in another life. "It wasn't so much a choice as non applicable. I wasn't waiting for the right time, just the right person, even if I didn't know it then." As he said the words, he realized how true they were. He was far from a prude in his attitude towards sex - Renee had always been pretty upfront about everything, just asking him to be safe when he went down that road - and had clearly not acted simply out of lack of want. She looked away, her voice small. "What if I said timing doesn't matter to me either, not anymore." "I wouldn't believe you. Because we wouldn't be having this conversation if it didn't." "Doesn't waiting for something as trivial as a wedding night seem absurd?" Edythe easily freed herself for Beau's hold, her arms finding themselves around his neck again as she pressed her body dangerously close to his. "I won't make you wait anymore. Please, let me do this for you." Beau shook his head, determined. "This isn't something you do for someone else, like a favor, Edythe." "But I want to, too." "But for the wrong reasons," he replied gently. "You're trying to concede on this because you feel guilty. And because you love me, sure, but that doesn't change the fact that this isn't how this is supposed to be. You want to wait." It wasn't a question. Edythe didn't say anything, but her silence was her answer. "I agreed to let you set the pace, remember?" "That was before, when it was dangerous," she reminded him. Beau shrugged. "Regardless. We are going to do this right." "So you think this is wrong?" "Stop putting words in my mouth, will you? I'm saying I want to do right by you. If we were to go through with this just for my sake, it wouldn't be honest. I respect what you want, Edythe." "What if I don't know what I want?" she challenged. But Beau could only laugh. "If there is one thing you are not, it's irresolute. Once you decide on something you are incredibly stubborn. Seriously, that might be your real gift." He was trying to break up the tension but it wasn't really working. Edythe still looked crestfallen. He slid his arm under her legs, closing them together as he pulled her into a more comfortable sitting position across his lap, pulling her dress back around her thighs. "Just let it go, okay? We will pretend this never happen." Her bottom lip puffed out a bit before she turned her into him, hiding her features. "I just thought it would make you feel better about everything," she mumbled into his chest. "There you go again, making decisions for me, deciding I'm miserable. Far from it, honestly." "You doesn't make any sense, you realize." "Because I'm happy being with you?" "Yes, because at the same time you're also sad being away from your family and friends." "I can have more than two emotions, you know. I can be happy and sad. Isn't that how these things works?" She sighed, sounding defeated. He continued, ignoring her. "With good comes bad and viseversa. Balance and whatnot." She peeked up at him with a sarcastic little smile. "I never took you as a follower of Daoism." "My mom's yogi phase latest a surprisingly long time. I think the yin/yang concept helped her come to peace with a string of bad break ups she went though when she was into new-age hippie guys. She finally gave up the belief in karma when the last guy she dated from her sunrise yoga class snuck out in the middle of he night with her wallet and three days worth of Chinese takeout leftovers. And then racked up $1800 dollars worth of charges at the local strip bar." Edythe looked at him like she was trying to decided if she should laugh at that or not, partially incredulous. When giggles finally started bubbling through her entire body, all of her tension went with them. Her laughter was infectious and Beau found himself grinning. Her laughter eventually died down and she snuggled back against his chest with a thoughtful look. "You're really okay with waiting? Even though it's stupid and probably a moot point anyway since we're already shacking up together?" The phrasing threw him for a second. "Do people actually call it that?" She waved her hand dismissively. "Shacking up, living in sin - same idea, different decade. Don't change the subject." Beau shrugged his shoulders. "It doesn't make a difference to me. I've got the right person so the when of it isn't as pressing." Edythe made a face. "Maybe your gift really is self control." He frowned. "That would pretty disappointing, actually. I like to think I'm just taking your lesson of mind over matter in a different direction." "Either way, just as long as you understand the implications of agreeing to this." She was giving him one last out, a chance to take it back. He would be lying if he said he wasn't tempted, but no - Edythe's feelings were more important than temporary gradification. "I'm not going to change my mind," he promised, taking her hand an bringing it to his lips as if to seal his promise. "I'm following you lead. You set the pace and draw the line - I'll behave." It wasn't a hard promise to make, knowing the plans he had in the works anyway. It wasn't like he was planning on making her wait long to make his commitment to her clear. It was just a matter of the right timing.