sure it was a love letter, and I'd cherish it forever. When I started reading the letter, I realized it was a lot more than that and he had left it here for me on Saturday. Dear Izzy, I'm sitting here in your castle with the pen in my hand, staring at this blank piece of paper, and I know I need to say so much to you, but I have NO fucking idea where to start, so I'm just gonna say first... I'm so fucking sorry. With each unexpected word and confession came more and more tears, until his writin' became blurry. My eyelids fought to sweep away my agony with hard blinks, but nothin' could take away what I was readin'. My heart was breakin', squeezin' tightly in my chest like a vise, by the time I finished the letter. What little life I had left in my body withered away to almost nothin' until I was curled into a ball on the hard, bare floor of my castle. I sobbed until there was nothin' left except a wheezy voice cryin' out to God—for help—but I had no idea what He could do. I knew Eddie was long gone and had been for days now. I couldn't run to his house and beg him not to go. The letter was put in my castle for a reason, for me to find later—much later, to give him a head start on his new life. It seemed while my life was endin', his was just beginnin'—somewhere else. Parts of his letter replayed in my mind—the good parts—as my lungs begged for air. But the other parts—the ones that solidified my life was all kinds of crooked—squeezed my heart until it felt like it would bleed to death. And as I reread his partin' words, huddled into myself, tears runnin' like a river, I knew my life as I knew it was done and gone. But my Eddie would always be imprinted on my soul. Tonight, with you, was everything I'd ever dreamed of, my Izzy—touching you, kissing you and making love to you. It was amazing and I will never forget the gift you gave me. I wish I could have shown you how much I've loved you way before now. You took my breath away. Giving yourself to me was what I had always hoped for—that you would be mine completely. Believe it or not, it was the best moment of my life. I love you so much, Princess. I will hold you in my heart forever since I can't hold you in my arms. Eddie Through my earth-shattering cries, I barely heard Mrs. Clearwater callin' out to me from below, wonderin' if I was okay. I couldn't answer. My whole world had come to a halt in a matter of minutes and words failed me. "Mrs. Clearwater!" Rose shouted. "What's goin' on?" "Oh, thank God," Mrs. Clearwater said, relieved. Rose was up the ladder and in the castle with me before Mrs. Clearwater could tell her how I'd been carryin' on for twenty minutes. "Izzy. What's wrong?" Her arms were around me, huggin' me, rockin' me back and forth. I still couldn't speak; instead I held the tear-stained letter, gripped in my fist, up for Rose to see. She took it from my quiverin' hand to read what was inside. She gasped at the words she read. "Oh, my God, Izzy. No ..." And Rose's fadin' words were the last thing I remembered about that day. We buried Daddy on Wednesday, and by Thursday, Aunt Jane and I had left town. The town where I'd been beat on my whole life. The town where I lost my momma, my daddy and my Eddie. I didn't so much as think of lookin' back. . . . I ran toward my dear friend when I saw her. I didn't hobble anymore, thanks to Aunt Jane gettin' me the proper care I needed when she took me to California, so the look of awe on Rose's face made me laugh. "Izzy! Oh my. It's so good to see you." We hugged and cried and made complete fools of ourselves outside of the restaurant in my former hometown. "I can't believe it's been ten years, Rose. You are even more beautiful." We wiped tears of joy from our faces. Well, maybe a few were shed in sadness that this was the first time we'd seen one another in person since I left all those many years ago. "I know." She held me at her arms' distance. "We talk every other week, but I'm pretty sure you forgot to tell me somethin'." I smiled. I couldn't remember too many days in this town where I smiled that brightly, but I was truly happy. "I was savin' it for a surprise." "You surprised me all right. How far along are you?" "Four months." She gave me a shit eatin' grin. "Mmm-hmm. You little tart. Looks like someone has been keepin' you pretty busy in that castle by the sea." I couldn't help but let laughter spill from my mouth. It felt good, freely rollin' from my chest and over my lips. Rose gave me another hug. "I'm so damn happy for you, Izzy." "I am, too." My best friend took my hand and started leadin' me into the restaurant but stopped before pullin' the door open. "We could go somewhere else if you aren't in the mood for seafood. Are you cravin' anything in particular?" I couldn't contain my smile. "Yep. Hostess cupcakes." A/N: I plan on posting a few more chapters soon because I know some of you have questions. The full length letter is sitting in my docs right now waiting to be read. Midnight Cougar and Tracy wouldn't let me post the whole letter in the entry because it gave too much away. Evil wenches! LOL I appreciate all reviews, rec's, follows and favorites. They make me smile :) Hugs, OhGee