prayed that the DNA test came back negative. The worst part was that we would have to wait for fourteen days before the results were back. My days consisted of going to the NICU to hold my Leah and spend every minute I could with her. I also prayed. My nights consisted of the same thing, except I didn't have my baby girl to hold in my arms. I also cried myself to sleep every night. Fourteen days later and the results of the DNA test "Mrs. Black, the DNA results are in; would you like to follow me to the conference room?" Dr. Sampson asked. Not really , but I guess I'll follow . "Yes, but my husband isn't here yet, he's on his way from work." I follow like a death row inmate on his way to the electric chair. I take a seat in the cold conference room with Dr. Sampson and the nurse sitting across from me. I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I try to hold it together . I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to cry . I repeat that mantra over and over until I hear them address me again. My eyes are focused on the textured ivory wallpaper that is peeling back at the seams, just above where the doctor and nurse are sitting. I'm drifting again trying to surface and face whatever the answer is that they are ready to deliver to me. "Mrs. Black?" The Neonatologist, Dr Sampson, says. I look up and nod my head. "The DNA test results came back with a positive diagnosis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy type 1. This is the most severe type of SMA. I'm sorry but the prognosis is not good." I nodded my head, my hands are clenched together under the table and my lips are smashed together. Where is Jacob? I need my husband. A few days before the DNA sample was taken, Leah coded and had to be intubated. She has been on a ventilator for the past few weeks. She wasn't strong enough to breathe on her own and the ventilator has been a blessing. "Okay, well, I'm not going to let my baby die." My voice is strong and I am in control. I have cried my eyes out for two weeks, but, now that I know,I'm going to have to be Leah's advocate and do what is best for her. "Mrs. Black, you have two options. We can extubate her and let nature take its course or we can perform a tracheostomy on her." "My husband and I want her to be trached," I say it with confidence. I had talked to Jacob about the possibilities and we were going to ask for her to be trached. I knew that I could not watch my baby struggle to breathe and watch as she died. Not going to happen. I was in fighting mode and I was going to fight for her. Jacob finally arrived at the hospital after the diagnosis bomb had been dropped on me. I was in the lactation room, pumping, since Leah didn't have the strength to suck. An NG tube was down her nose positioned in her stomach. She was going to have to have a feeding tube surgically inserted permanently, now that we knew our future. She was still getting my milk, so that was a good thing. Jacob was crying when he entered the room. Evidently,the doctor and nurse cornered him in the conference room to deliver the horrible news. I looked at Jacob and plainly stated that I had already informed them that we were going to trach Leah. He nodded and cried into my shoulder. We held each other close until we could compose ourselves enough to leave the room. We both sat with Leah and held her, singing lullabies and loving her, not knowing what the future was going to bring. A/N: This story will deal with a disease that actually affects my daughter in real life. My husband and I have dealt with this for almost 8 years, it's heartbreaking but it's also inspiring. The details of the disease are correct but of course the story between Edward and Bella is fiction. There will be romance so no worries. This is in no way a reflection of my relationship with my husband…although he rocks my world. Most of the events that take place with the daughter in this story are true. I will answer any questions you may have; I am very open about my daughter's condition. My youngest also has Down Syndrome; but I decided to only address SMA. She is an awesome little lady and has brought so much joy to our lives. We are truly blessed to be her parents. It's been VERY hard in all aspects of our lives. We feel like single parents to our other kids because our daughter cannot be left alone for more than 5 minutes at a time. She is trached and is ventilator dependent. We made the decision when she was two and half months old to have the tracheostomy surgery. She has a feeding tube and a feeding pump, a saturation monitor , and uses a Cough Assist machine to help her move secretions. She gets four breathing treatments every day and has to be re-positioned every two hours to prevent bed sores. We have nurses that help us out a few days during the week and we do have night nursing , but it's still very hard to deal with as a parent….knowing that your child's days are limited. Most of what I wrote actually did happen the way it happened for us , but….I promise there is a love story between Bella and Edward. I hope I haven't scared you off because I really wanted to write this story so that I could bring awareness to this devastating disease. Thank you for taking your time to read my story.