whispered in her ear, making her squirm from my hot breath. "How can you make that sound so deliciously dirty?" She laughed. "Because—I am dirty, you make me want to be dirty." We kissed, tongues tasting, lips sucking, smiles glistening. "Perhaps." She rolled off me to her back, and lay uninhibited, stretched out, comfortable in her own skin. "Really, though. I know where to get the world's best cupcakes. And it is your birthday, so what do you say?" I urged her to say yes by tickling her ribs. Beautiful was curled into a ball, laughing, saying yes. "Shower first?" she asked, putting her feet on the floor, already walking toward the shower. "Of course." I agreed. "I'll join you." Not giving her a choice. Her smile was all I needed to know that she agreed. . . . I drove her to the one place that I knew would give her the best cupcake she'd ever tasted. I noticed her eyes widened as we pulled into the packed parking lot of "Izza-B's-Best Bakery". I knew she had been here before from the small smile on her face. Everyone knew these were the best in town. "So ... you've been here before?" My lips went to her ear, and I draped my arm over her shoulder, our hips touched, she was sitting so close. "Yeah, you could say that." Turning her head quickly to me, she placed a big, chaste kiss on my lips. "Let's go, I'm dying to see what flavor you choose. It says a lot about a person, ya know," I teased. "You don't say?" Her smile was contagious. We entered the bakery, bypassing the long row of people waiting in line. Beautiful knew quite a few people. As the hellos and hugs, were plenty. I fidgeted, feeling uncomfortable as she stopped each time to greet yet another person. "You know a lot of people," I whispered. "You could say that." "And we just cut in front of about thirty of them," I whispered again. "Yeah. It's cool." She winked at me. We approached the heavily stocked bakery case that housed the most delicious looking cupcakes I'd ever seen. Each one hand crafted with fluffy frosting, but each one uniquely decorated. "Hi Alice." Beautiful greeted the girl at the counter, I recognized her name. "Hey...there you are." The girl with the bright pink hair twisted up in a bun, matching the cotton candy cupcake in the case replied. She reminded me of Frenchy from "Grease". Her lips were a lighter shade of pink with a piercing through her bottom lip. I caught a flash of a cupcake tattoo on her wrist as she held her hand out to shake mine. "I'm Alice—Bella's sister." Her smile held a secret, one I didn't know yet. "And I'm Edward, Bella's—Edward." I raised my brows and shrugged. "Okay, what can I get for you?" Thankfully there were two other girls working the cupcake case helping the poor customers we had so rudely cut in front of. " Beautiful, it's your birthday, take your pick." I eyed her, wondering what flavor she'd choose. I planned to tell her the one she picked meant she loved sex, or something along those lines. I wanted to get her back into my bed soon, maybe this afternoon, so I'd be working some magic shit to get her there. No matter what flavor she picked. "I'll take vanilla." "What? Vanilla? You've gotta be kidding me." How could I tell her that vanilla meant she was a sexual being? I was screwed and not in the sense that I wanted to be. Whispering in her ear, "You were far from vanilla last night." She snickered, changing her order. "I've changed my mind, Alice." She looked quickly before blurting out. "I'll take Sweet Cream Explosion." My dick just did a cartwheel, round off, double back hand spring, tuck. If that's even possible. "Coming right up." Alice took the words right out of my mouth. We took one of the only available tables in the bakery and sat to eat our cupcakes. I followed suit with Sweet Cream Explosion; I figured it was appropriate. "I've been trying to get in touch with the gal that owns this shop. You think your sister could hook me up with a meeting?" "Really? Why?" She eyed me as she licked the frosting off the top of her cake, leaving a little on her lips begging to be licked off. Scooting my chair closer, I licked the remaining dot of frosting from the corner of her mouth, "I own the specialty food market over on Second Street, and I've been trying to get a hold of her. I want to carry these cupcakes in my store. She'd really compliment my bakery section, but she's kind of elusive." I kissed her again; making sure the frosting was gone. "Is that so?" "I think so." "Then yes, I'd love to sell my cupcakes to you." I jerked back, wondering if I had heard her correctly. "You're the elusive cupcake girl?" "That's me." She hooked her finger and motioned for me to come closer. I obliged. "Want another sample?" "Only if it's Sweet Cream Explosion." My hands were roaming her thighs, wanting her sweetness, again. "Let's talk about this business proposition when you take me back to your bed." "Deal." I stood hastily, taking Beautiful , the-most-perfect-girl-ever, with me. That day, we joined a mutually binding agreement. Never regretting the decision to join forces, work related or otherwise. And from that day on, she referred to me as 'the-best-birthday-present-giver-ever' and I accepted my title with pride. Still, two years later, with both businesses booming and our wedding in the near future, I refer to her as the-most-perfect-girl-ever, as I did the day we ate our Sweet Cream Explosion cupcakes. And she accepts her title proudly. Thank you for reading my O/S, Cupcakes and Happily Ever After. HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAD, I HOPE YOU ENJOY YOUR SPECIAL DAY!