into the mud and such. now out with it girl" he bellowed "Harry and Renee had and affair, she could be his daughter" a quiet voice from the corner spoke. She stood awkwardly, face red with tears in her eyes. "That's bullshit" Emily never swore so it was a little shocking to hear her do so now. "She is the splitting image of him right to the colour of her eyes, with Renee's pale feature's. She must get her brains from her mother though for your obviously more of an idiot than we ever gave you credit for" she spat at Charlie before storming out the door. "Get out, all of you get out" snapped Quill, "not you of course Chief" bowing slightly in my dads direction. "Thankyou son, you two will face council or whats left of it" looking darkly in Sue's direction "And belive me this isn't the last we have spoken of this matter it will all come out every last dirty detail, and Renee of course will be asked to give her accounts of the past should she so wish too". Leah and I left to go home then, Sue followed Charlie limping quietly behind her. Sue had a hand in Bella's leaving I didn't know what she had told him over the years but i did know it would be found out. Phasing later I didn't think the pack could be so united in thier hatred of Leah and I, by their thoughts Charlie and Sue too. BILLY'S POV I always wondered if things were as they seemed in the Swan household. Bella was always cooking and cleaning, with never a thankyou from her father. I couldn't belive the disscusting lies my own flesh and blood had told about such a sweet and kind girl. I knew there was more to the story as I sat and waited. I had many questions for Bella and could only pray that I would get a chance to talk to her. By the way she had ignored us all but Quill I suspected it may be a while before she consented to being in the same room as one of us. Hours passed and we were rejoined in our silent vigil by Paul and Sam. I thought about Pauls behavior over the years, he had always been volitile and now upon reflection his wolf was always lerking under the surface. Unlike the others Paul would seek confrontation, wouldn't hesitate to fight with his brothers. Watching him out of the corner of my eye I could see he was agitated and yet somehow calmer. He must have been waiting for the questions to come as his dark eys turned to face my direction. "When Paul and why didn't you say anything?" I asked him. He took a deep breath and squared his shoulders, he looked like he had the weight of the world baring down on him. "When she slapped me" I was surprised and confused, he then began his story. As he went on to tell me how he had fought the imprint how he had called her names every oppertunity he had. "And then she was just gone..." He looked so sad and defeated "I couldn't find her it was like she didn't exist and Jake and Charlie never mentioned her" Sam put a comforting hand on his shoulder. We all fell into silence lost in our own thoughts. Many hour passed and the door quietly opened. "Quill" a quiet voice called "You can see your grandfather now". He followed her out and into a door at the end of the corridore, I didn't expect her to come back out pushing a tray filled with various instraments. Without saying a word she rolled up my sleave and started taking my blood pressure, next she took some blood before listening to my heart and lungs. "When did you last see a physition for your diabities Chief Black?" she askes me in a detatched voice. looking at Paul over her shoulder I could see the pain in his eyes, being this close to his imprint after all these years and not have her even look at him was killing him almost as bad as the pain I assume he felt with her gone. "Bella please call me Billy, we have been friends for a long time after all" I spoke hessitantly. She looked at me for a long time no emotions in her eyes. I could see her weighing the pro's and con's, it was pleasing to know that some where under that reserve was the young girl I once knew. I reaslised though I didn't know this woman before me if I truly ever did. "I appriciate that Billy, but I am only here for another few days at best. I don't think it would be wise or prudent of me to make friends in a place I have no intentions of coming back too." Her eyes told me a different story all together she was afraid to trust, possibly thought I had known about the lies that Jake and Leah had told. "I didn't know Bella, we didn't know" I said gesturing to the others in the room "Know what?" "About the lies Jake and Leah told Charlie" She looked confused "Bella what happened the night you left?" Paul asked knealing at her feet "Why are you pretending that you care Paul? I am after all the pale face, leech lover" she wispered angrily chin raised in defiance "I am sorry I said that to you" he emplored sincerity coloring his voice, I dont think either of them realised he had both her hands clasped tightly in his palms. They looked so tiny and fragile in his grip, his thubs gently caressing the backs of her hands "I didn't mean it, any of it" "Then why say it? "Can we talk about this some other time" interupted Sam "Bella please go on tell us about that night"