blamed it on the loss of a friend. As I walked up the steps of my house I frowned as the door was swung wide open. I didn't leave it like that when I had left. Maybe my mother thought it was stuffy and hot so she opened the door for a nice breeze, but she would have opened the windows. I slowly stepped through the door and noticed how quiet it was. I looked around, trying to spot anything out of the ordinary. "Mother?" I called, "Emaline?" I froze as the door shut, I spun around, looking at Jasper and a women. "Mother isn't home…" She said, an odd accent in her words. She was beautiful but scary, and I saw how she kept a hand on Jasper's arm, standing behind him slightly. My eyes went to Jasper and I nearly screamed as I saw he was covered in blood, some of it smeared on his lips and jaw. "Who are you?" I looked to her, backing away, "What are you doing in my home?" The women laughed, sounding like shattering china, "We were merely paying a visit…we were invited in not too long ago…" "By who?" I asked and took another step back as Jasper growled. "Emaline?" She asked herself, almost laughing as she looked at my face, "What a sweet little girl." She purred and I glared at her. "Where are they?" She smirked before glancing at Jasper, that scoundrel! How dare he come into my home and kill my family! She leaned up to his ear and whispered something, never taking her eyes off of me. "Can you do that? My love?" I nearly fainted at those words, so he was merely playing Mary this whole time? Jasper took a step towards me, his eyes fixed on me and glowing red. As she kissed his cheek I took my chance and ran for the stairs, nearly tripping as I rounded the hall. I ran straight to my room, going into my closet. My father had built a path that went through the walls and down under the house, an escape route just in case anything happened. I crawled through the walls, trying to be quick and quiet. I climbed down the latter like brick wall, bricks sticking out so I could grab them and step onto them. I made it to the bottom, running my hand along the stone wall as I tried to see my way through the darkness. It was stuffy down here and I jumped as my hand ran along something soft and cold. That was not supposed to be down here. I jumped away, backing into the wall and crying out as a body pressed against me. "No please!" I begged, shaking my head, trying to put some sense into Jasper's brain. He grabbed my jaw, turning my head and smelling my neck. "Now Juliet, "His voice purred into my ear, "Everything is fine." If I wasn't in the situation I was now, his words might've soothed my panic, but I knew he was lying. He was going to kill me. "You killed my family," I say quietly, "My friend and who knows who else…" I close my eyes as a tear falls, "Why?" I breathed and I felt him stick his face into my neck again. He didn't answer and I wouldn't get one. I clutched the rolled up sleeve of his white shirt, closing my eyes as he smelled me again. "Please, I beg you…" Where the last words I said to him. I screamed out as he bit the crook of my neck, the burning set in and I fell to the ground at his feet. I felt like my skin was being boiled and burned alive, though I've never felt anything like it I am comparing it to this feeling. I found it hard to breathe; like someone had shredded my lungs. Then no more sound would come out, I couldn't talk or scream, the pain was too great. I shut my eyes and fell unconscious. When I woke up I was facing a brick wall. I blinked, looking around before getting up. I was in the escape root under my house. I stood up slowly, why was I in here? Did something happen and I hit my head? Did I get left behind? Before I knew it, I was making my way to the brick latter to go back up to my room. As I stepped out of the doorway I was hit with sunlight from the window. I gasped as I looked at my hands, they were a tad paler than normal, and sparkling like I had tiny pieces of glass on me. Must have been the dust and dirty down there, I'll have to change. I walked to my wardrobe and took out a red skirt with yellow flowers, along with a long sleeve red shirt. I kept my boots and undergarments on, I needed to find my family. Walking down stairs I smelled it. The smell hit my nose and made my throat burn, like swallowing hot coals. I followed the smell automatically, without even thinking about it. I came to the sitting room, stopping dead in my tracks. I couldn't form words for what I saw. In the corner was my mother, lifeless and blood everywhere. My sister was in the middle of the room, dropped in an awkward position, blood still pouring from her. As I stared at my little sister's body, everything came back to me. He did this. He killed my family and ruined my life. I don't give a damn if that wench told him to, he still had a living conscience. As I felt rage and sadness, I completely forgot about the smell and the burning. He made me a monster, he's made me into what he is. I will not give him the satisfaction of me killing innocent people to live. I won't. I'm better than that.