like both seconds and hours at the same time. When I wasn't sure how much more my ass could take we found our way into a beautiful meadow. The horse went straight for the river. Once there, I got off as it took a drink and pet him as he drank. Once it was done, I lead it to the middle of the meadow and we both sat down. Spirit rested in the flowers, and I looked at the sky. I don't know how long I watched the clouds go by and walked around, but the second I noticed the red of a sunset I took spirit and got up. We were about to walk away when we heard a growl. The horse immediately ran and I only got glimpses of gold as we ran back. At one point I saw a main and I knew what we were being chased by, a mountain lion. I didn't understand why it was so close here. The next mountain was far away but it was and I pushed the horse faster. It tried to jump on us a couple times but Spirit avoided it and kept running. When we reached the end of the woods and were now in the back yard of the Cullen Mansion. It was the most beautiful garden I have ever seen with perfectly green grass, flowers of all shape and size and a small tree near the pond with a bench under it. I however didn't have time to notice its beauty for I was facing a ferocious cat. When the lion came out of the forest, Spirit turned quickly and jumped on it with its 2 front feet. I heard the crack of one of the lion's hind legs as it ran/limped away. The horse cried in victory as I put it back into the fields and let it wander back to the stables for a good nights sleep. "Ahem." A man cleared his throat and I froze then turned around to see Edward leaning against a wall with a murderous expression. I was in big trouble. "This way." He said simply but forcefully as he led me to the ball room. Again, all the seats on the stage were filled. "Hello." I said but they all looked serious. "You took my horse." Edward said simply. "But I gave it back." I said. "That's not the point!" He yelled and banged his fist on a nearby table. "Then get to it!" I cried back. He seemed used to my talking back. "You ran through the forest even though it's strictly forbidden to go in when you're not on the path! You were being chased by a lion! Did you ever consider how dangerous that is?!" He said walking around the table. "Danger wanted a dance, how could I resist?" I breathed. Edward was in front of me now and I took a step forward to show him I was not afraid. I heard a small growl. "Why do you test me?" "Why can't you respect me?!" "I'm trying!" Edward ran another hand through his hair. "Your attitude begs to differ." He let out a frustrated sigh. "Listen, I'm sorry for the way I acted before-" "Well I don't forgive you. Good night." I said and turned to walk away but he grabbed my arm. "Why can't you see that if you're in the woods at the wrong time, you'll find something far worse then a lion?!" He said shaking my shoulders. "Why would you care?" I whispered and he froze on the spot. It took him a second to compose himself. "Do you think I want to be responsible for your death?" "It's my choice to go into the woods." "Again you miss the point!" "Then stop beating around the bush!" "I'm trying not to!" "Well when you find a reasonable question I'll be in my room." I said and grabbed my hand back. I smiled at Carlisle and Esme and nodded my head in respect. They nodded back and I smiled before leaving. When I was shutting the door I heard Carlisle say. "You could have been more sincere on the apology." But I didn't here the reply as I made my way to the dorm room. 5th floor, I remembered and smiled as I saw the long hallway with doors. At first I was worried I wouldn't know which belonged to Angela but soon found our names carved into a plate on the door. As soon as I found Angela's I walked in. It was a cute little room with a small bed and on the floor a sleeping bag. Angela was reading a book. She looked up when she saw me and smiled. "Your uniform for tomorrow is on the sleeping bag along with your pajamas and you have the blue toothbrush in the bathroom. There are a few books over there if you want one." I was glad she didn't mention my outburst in the cafeteria earlier. I don't regret it but I'm not in the mood for sympathy. "Thanks." I told her and got ready for bed. When I was brushing my teeth I heard a horse noise and saw a black figure with bronze hair go into the forest. Not on the path, just into the forest and grew mad. When I came back into the dorm, Angela was sleeping and I went to my sleeping bag to do the same thing. Just before I fell asleep though, I could a sworn I heard a lion roar. And that's chapter one! I'm curious now. Whose side of Bella and Edward's little war would you take? Team Bella or Edward. What happened to Bella to make her hate kind owners? Will Bella find a secret passage? Will she listen to Edward and never go into the woods without permission? Will they fall in love or will they be separated by there stubbornness? Find out soon as the fight for freedom begins!