his response had simply been... "She's your problem, not mine." Then he smiled easily at me. Prick. Jasper developed his own extraordinary gifts just like I had. Like me he got an advanced physical skill as well as a magical one. Where as I had super speed, he got super senses, specifically eyesight. It was unmatched by anyone I'd ever met. Nothing got past him, making him a powerful ally and a terrifying foe. His magical ability was similar to my own. Instead of thoughts however he could read and manipulate emotions. He couldn't really use his skill quite as offensively as I could but he also didn't have to touch to do what he did. I could read without any contact but I couldn't force anyone to hear the noises unless I touched them or foused to the point of actual pain. For Jasper he could read and manipulate from a distance and while he could project negative emotions he couldn't incapacitate anyone like I could. I was just about to politely decline another dance when the doors opened and in came what could only be described as a herd of humans. I had not seen any humans since arriving here and had preferred that. It wasn't a secret that the Denali's were far crueler to their humans than we ever were, though sadly they were no where near the worst of the kingdoms. I took in the display in front of me and actually felt myself look at to the Queen in complete disgust though she didn't notice as she was watching the humans with bored interest. Each human was wearing filthy rags and clearly none had been fed in some time. They were all thin and after a brief moment to get over the shock, I smelled blood, lots of it. The humans were bleeding, most likely severely. I took an involuntary step towards them, desperate to help somehow. Ever since I was a boy I had helped my father at his clinic where he treated humans and I had always admired his care and compassion of these beings many considered lesser. I had never been able to stand human blood enough to do what he did but I had better control than most, having managed to never slip and taste human blood. My father had only had it twice when he turned my brother, Emmett and my sister, Rosalie. Tanya held me back with a laugh. I took that to mean she thought I wanted to feed from the humans. I violently shook off her hold of me. Again she didn't even notice as she was to wrapped up in her own disgusting head. "It's time for the banquet to begin." That's when it hit me as to what was about to happen. These vampires were about to butcher these humans right in front of me. I looked from the blood crazed vampires back at the humans and saw the strategic marks near wrists, necks and thighs. All spots that bled well and would make their heartbeats scream to a thirsty vampire or in this case a room of them. Their minds screamed how scared they were and I'd never felt so powerless, disgusted, angry, and sick in my entire life. As I looked upon these helpless beings my eyes landed on one in particular. She had wavy brown hair and the warmest brown eyes I'd ever seen in my life. She glanced around terrified but after a few seconds her eyes met mine. They met and I was gone, lost in her entirely I felt my heart both go weightless and slam down into my stomach at the same time. Her eyes showed a beautiful soul and all I could think about was how much I wanted to hold her and gaze into them forever. I didn't have to think about it to know what had just happened. I imprinted. My breath caught as for one glorious moment I reveled in that fact. I IMPRINTED. I had a mate. Did this really happen? Was it possible? Could I be a father someday? My mind thundered with so many thoughts but then just as quickly reality crashed onto me harshly, just as fast as the magic had given me hope. I had instinctively looked over her form, wanting to memorize everything about her when I smelled HER BLOOD. I saw the slice marks all over MY MATE. They were all over her arms, collar bone, and I saw blood falling down her legs from her torn dress. I didn't think, I didn't need to. I pulled away from Tanya and ran to my imprint. I wanted to hold her. I wanted to know her name. I wanted to tell her mine. I wanted to run her far from here where I could keep her safe and worshiped. That was what I wanted... but not what I did. There was nowhere to go, no way to get her safe. I immediately shielded her body with my own and crouched before growling at every vampire now looking at me. I had moved backwards a bit to press her against a wall so no one could sneak up and take her from behind me. A few made small steps towards me, towards HER, and overwhelming rage replaced the terror I'd felt for her a moment ago. None would get to her, I would die first. I crouched lower and let lose the fiercest growl I'd ever heard let alone ever released myself. I felt a feather touch on my hand at the same time I heard the smallest whisper. "Help." I knew that sound had to be my imprint as it was the most beautiful sound I'd ever heard. I turned to her just as she closed her eyes and fainted into my arms. END NOTES: SO... *What did everyone think? *Is the story worth continuing? *Please REVIEW, FOLLOW, FAVORITE, and check out my other story if you're interested.