in the sunlight and his shining smile caused my heart to flutter. Charlie gave me over to Jacob. I gripped his warm hands and looked up into his eyes, were I got lost in a word of possibility and happiness. I lost in my own world until I heard the priest ask for the vows. He gestured for me to go first, so I quietly cleared my throat and began. "For us to finally get here has been a really bumpy road. But, Jacob, you saved me and for that I am forever grateful. You are my rock, I know that I can always depend on you and I trust you with my life. You're like my own personal sun, when I ever feel down all I have to do is take a look at your smile. I have no idea what I would do without you I love you with all my heart and always will." A single tear fell down Jacobs's cheek but he kept smiling at me as he began. "Bella no words can ever describe the way I feel for you, every were I look all I see if you. You mean more than the world to me, you are everything. I have come so close to losing you in the past for such stupid reasons. But today that will always stay in the past as our future begins and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you." I slowly turned into a sobbing mess tears brimming over my eyes as I looked at the man I loved. Jacob lifted the veil and brushed away the tears his hands gently lingering on my face. The priest carried on in a blur until I heard. "Do you Isabella Marie Swan take the Jacob Black to be your lawfully wedded husband? To cherish and love in sickness and in health?" "I do," I sighed feeling a heavy weight be lifted from my chest. "And do you Jacob Black take the Isabella Marie Swan to be your lawfully wedded wife. To love and to cherish in sickness and in health?" "I do," he replied. "You may now kiss the bride." Jacob lips crushed into mine and literally swept me off my feet twirling me around in the air. I could feel his smile against my lips and he gently placed me back on the ground. He kept his has hand in my, our fingers intertwined, as we turned around to face an applauding crowd full of cheers and wolf whistles. Moments flew by in blur of hugs and congratulations until a startlingly cold embrace took me by surprise. I looked down and saw Alice bouncing up and down, grinning wildly at me. "Alice how did you...? Why are you...?" "You think I was going to miss your wedding," she waved her hand in front of her face in feigned shock. "No but the treaty...?" Jake's warm breath blew in my ear as he whispered; "Like I said I'm letting some of the past go, I knew you would have wanted them here on your wedding day." "Them?" I asked. Then I saw Esme and Carlisle moving their way towards us, they looked exactly the same however in the large crowd no one noticed. Esme hugged me close and so did Carlisle each telling me there congratulations. However, my attention was ripped from them when I heard a dry sob in the distance and glanced towards the trees to see a flash of bronze disappear into the distance. The night was calming down and Jacob took my hand once more and let me to the centre of the beach. 'Feels like Home' by Chantal Kreviazuk began to played as Jacob gently swayed with me in his arms. Each of the powerful lyrics staying with me. ' There's something in your voice, makes my heart beat fast.' His hand gently grazed my stomach and he smile grew once again. ' If you knew how I wanted someone to come along, and change my life the way you've done.' No one else knew why we had had to move the ceremony ahead so quickly but we did. ' If you knew how much this moment means to me.' I took his hand once more and placed it to my stomach before crushing his lips once again to mine. ' Feels like I'm all the way back where I belong.' ~o~ As I walked into what would be our new bedroom, I saw Jacob standing at the window a tiny bundle in his arms. He pressed his lips to our daughter's forehead gently rocking her back and forth. I walked over to them, placing my hand gently on his shoulder. I glanced down to his arms and saw Olivia's bright eyes open up, to look loving up at stared back with her vibrant emerald eyes. Though apart from that I thought she looked more like her father with her light russet skin tone and shock of black hair. Of course Jacob hadn't believed insisting that she was my 'double'. This was it for us our new home, our new child and our new life all just around the corner, all there for the taking. A/N: I want to thank any one that has taken the time to read this chapter, it has been a long, long time since I have sat down and written. With that being the case, reviews and comments would really be appreciated. I am still a bit rusty to the whole writing thing and I am taking baby steps so your comments to help me along the way would really be appreciated. One important note is that I am currently an undergraduate law student, so you may have to be patient for the up and coming chapters, but they are planned out. I have a very clear idea of where this story is going to go, so I hope you enjoy the journey with me!