herself, but she didn't want to be on her own. Not tonight, anyway. Not while this life was so new. Making herself at home in a place where she'd been held captive didn't prove to be easy. She was only familiar with two rooms: Edward's bedroom and the bathroom across the hall. She didn't particularly want to occupy either. Craving some form of familiarity, she returned to the living room, where Edward still occupied the couch. He held out his hand. Bella refused to take it. "Stay," he whispered. "It's not like I have anywhere else to go," she deadpanned. "Looks like you win." "This isn't a game. There are no winners." The corner of his mouth curled into a smirk. If Bella could have blushed at her faux pas, she would have. It was strange not to have her embarrassment manifest itself physically. "I should have known you could hear me. Nosy asshole." Edward cracked a smile. "No name calling, remember?" Ignoring his attempt at humor, Bella gestured to his neck. "Does it hurt?" "It burns like I haven't fed in months. I suppose I feel a lot like you right now." The pain in her throat increased at the reminder of blood. Hunting had quenched the thirst somewhat, but the pain still bordered on unbearable. "Does it get easier?" "You'll adjust." Sinking to the floor, Bella reached out and placed her hand on Edward's neck. He sucked in a sharp breath, wincing at the pain. It made her feel powerful. Idly she wondered if this was the same way Edward had felt when she was at his mercy. His skin was rough and indented where it had fractured. When she looked closer, she could see the individual fibers mending themselves from the inside out. It was fascinating. "Will it heal like your other scars?" she asked. "I assume so. I've never met someone who'd been decapitated and lived to tell about it." Bella fought the overwhelming urge to tell him she was sorry. She refused to give him the satisfaction. She told herself it was justified. He deserved it for everything he'd done to her. If he didn't feel the need to apologize, then neither should she. Edward studied the intense concentration on the girl's face. No one else in the family had gained control over their mind so quickly after their change. For some it took weeks in order to focus with any intensity. Others months. "You're going to be an amazing vampire." Bella sat straighter, putting distance between them. "You said no name calling." "Now you want to play by the rules?" "I thought this wasn't a game." "Touché." Edward reached for the girl again. Once again she denied his silent request. If she was going to touch him, it was going to be on her terms. Edward dropped his arm, letting it dangle over the side of the couch. During his entire life as a vampire, he'd never felt so physically drained. "I mean it," he said. "Your control is quite impressive, and it's only day one." Bella wasn't used to accepting compliments from anyone, least of all Edward. It made her feel exposed and uncomfortable. She thought back to her arrival at the house and how she'd lost her composure so easily. "It sure didn't feel like I was in control earlier." "Emotions tend to run high, especially after consuming human blood." "News flash: I haven't consumed any humans. Some of us still have a perfect track record." "No, but your own blood still lingers in your tissue. Right now you've got the highest possible concentration of human blood in your system. It makes you strong. It makes you volatile." "Sounds like vampires are fickle creatures." "Fickle? No." Edward thought about his feelings for the girl, for… Bella . What began as a need for the reprieve she offered had evolved into something more. Even while knowing the minds of others, his desire for her transcended what he believed he was capable of feeling. For anyone. "Our loyalties, our affections, for the most part don't change." "Good, because I'd hate to think one day I might actually like you." "You can't hate me forever, little newborn." Edward didn't have much faith in his own words, but he refused to let his insecurities show. "Watch me." Bella sprang to her feet. Anger flickered in the corner of her mind. She pushed back the urge to scream and destroy everything around her. "The others are going to help me with my control, and once I know I'm not gonna run out and murder people, I'm out of here!" "That's not their job!" Gathering what little strength he had, Edward reached out and grabbed the girl's shirt. It tore down the middle, and she scrambled to keep herself covered. "What the hell is wrong with you?" "They don't get to help you adjust; I do! I'm the one who changed you. You should be coming to me for help. You should be wearing my shirt." Bella grabbed the tattered remains of Jasper's shirt from his hand. "You'd better enjoy whatever freaky mind thing we have going on while you can, because the next time I leave, I'm not going to kill you." She turned and fled from the room before he could respond. Edward remained on the couch, too tired to chase after her. He knew no good would come of following. While Bella had exceptional control considering the circumstances, she was still a newborn. Her emotions would change on a whim. Reasoning with her was nearly impossible. As it was, Edward barely had a grasp on his own temper. He listened as she ascended the stairs and entered his room. It offered him some comfort. She had an entire house to her disposal, yet she retreated to a room that was solely his. The bed creaked under her weight, and then the steady rhythm of pages turning became a metronome for the remainder of the night.