house, so it's really yours. We stand there in shock, the house is ours? Could we live here? Winter of course but not in summer, the sun depletes our energy. Plus hunting would be harder with a thousand tourists here. But winter yes I would love that. Looking at Peter I see the longing in his eyes too. "Alice we will try to live here but only in the winter months, we usually go up north way up north where hunting is a given. We hunt only animals mostly girls; so do not fear us." I added just in case. "Major I believe there is something else in those letters and diary, something about a kiss between mates is it? This kiss makes it binding I believe changes our very blood? Now before we test that theory I believe you promised me all the waltzes?" Taking my arm she leads me inside followed by Peter and Charlotte close behind. Alice and Charlotte had the use of a fan down pat. It was like I was back in time. We passed the General I noticed him watching my every move. So he knows or thinks he knows me. Well nephew of mine we will talk soon. Tomorrow we'll go the churchyard cemetery and visit mama at last. I can do it now and if I can Pete can. "Tomorrow Alice, can we stay with your girls for a few days, get our bearings, we are here on business, and need to work on that as well?" "Jasper, are you tracking the monster? Is he here in Charleston?" "Yes Alice he is, we have scented him. I want to end this chase. We have been tracking him for years, and he is always one step ahead of us." "Now About tomorrow Jasper, it's homecoming weekend. Meaning this is the weekend we clean the headstones and leave the floral arrangements. Your family is next to ours may we help prepare theirs too? I'll pick up extra flowers when I get ours if that's alright with you" "Alice my dear that is wonderful of you" We were dancing or I would have kissed her right there in front of everyone. Peter and I changed partners twice before the dance was through. There were toasts in honor of the regiments and our veteran ancestors. Many a tear was shed by all. At last we ended singing the songs made popular at the time. Our carriage returned for us. The driver took us along the Battery and through the oldest part of town. You could hear the music just winding down from the parties all over old town. As we arrived at the girls home Alice turned to me, "Jasper, Peter, come in please. Let us run you back to camp to pick up your things. It will save you going back tomorrow morning and finding a ride here. We have guest rooms and we all are tired. Say you'll stay here tonight, give us a chance to get out of these dresses', and we'll head out to Middleton". "We would be honored ladies" Peter answered before I could move my lips. He nudged me with his boot, sniffing the air, like he was scenting the magnolias. I caught it too the faint scent of Alex our prey, near our ladies home. Yes we'd be staying here tonight after all. " Aftermath" Seeing them in jeans and tees was a surprise, so far I had only seen period dresses. They looked so young and innocent. Grabbing the car keys off the table in the entry Alice lead us, still in our uniforms to an older but nice SUV. The ride to Middleton took about 20 minutes with the surprising traffic for 1 am. Arriving there we parked and went to my tent. The girls sat on camp chairs outside while we dressed and packed it all at vampire speed unseen by anyone. As we exited the tent a truck pulled up and a few men of the company jumped out and in minutes the contents were stowed in the truck bed and the tent taken down and packed away in the canvas bag. Shaking hands all around we followed the girls back to their car. The house was quiet and we did not smell Alex anywhere near it now. Still it worried me that he had been near here. I hoped he was not interested in them because he scented us here tonight. We would have to stick to them like glue tomorrow and then hunt him at night. "Boys, here is your room for tonight. Bath's across the hall. I'm next door Charlotte is across. Sleep well and we'll see you in the morning" We both got a kiss on the cheek, before they went to their rooms. As soon as they were out of sight, we flew around the house locking doors and windows. Then as silent as a breeze we were back upstairs. This room had twin beds with high headboards at least 100 years old. New pillow top mattresses made resting a pleasant change from camp beds and resting under a tree. "Jasper I love Charlotte, I felt the pull tonight when I kissed her hand. Did you feel anything?" "Yes Peter the moment I saw Alice, my body felt like it was hit by a truck. Dancing with her tonight it was all could do not to carry her off and ravish her. It's more like a mating wrecking ball, than a mating pull. At least for me and yes I love her too". Then I was lost to memories so sweet, I could not tell when the past began and the future ended. The closest I have been to full out dreaming since my change. Tomorrow we begin our new life Peter and me, happy at last. We just need to eliminate our "Old friend" and marry these darling ladies. Just like the liquor "Southern Comfort" they make us smile.