letting that asshole fuck her. I'm sure he's a virgin and Bella deserves a lot more for her first time. She deserves someone who will at least get her off. Well, she doesn't seem to be afraid to take care of that herself. Fuck. "What's up with you?" Rosalie asks me. "Mind you own business, Rose!" I snap. "Touchy touchy, Edward. Didn't you get your hand job this morning?" "Don't talk about Bella like that!" "I wasn't talking about Bella but that's an interesting leap you've just made," she says all smug. I groan and put my head on my arms on the table. "You know, I might just like that new girl. Her brother is hot," she says with a smirk and I recognize that look on my sister's face. "His name is Emmett, he's in Calculus with me next period." "Emmett… It's a nice enough name." "I'm tired Rose." I whisper. I know she heard me and when I glance up, I see that she's my sister Rose. The one she doesn't let anyone see. The caring Rose. "Edward. What's wrong?" she says as she puts her own head on her arms. It's like we're in our own little world. Just like when we were kids. Rose and I were always the closest because we're the same age. Tanya and Irina are almost finished with college. And Kate, finally decided to go to college with us after having spent two years abroad. We're the youngest ones. I was adopted in the Cullen family when I was four. Rose immediately loved me and took me under her wing. And from this day on, she was my favorite sister. No matter what everyone thinks about her, Rose is a kindhearted girl and she'll do absolutely anything for her family. There isn't anything more important to her than family. "Edward, you're with me?" She asks, pulling me out of my thoughts. "What's wrong?" "It's just… Bella. We had a fight." I say not wanting to go into details. "Oh, Edward!" She smiles. "You two are always fighting. Whatever you've done, she'll forgive you; she always does." "How do you know it's my fault and not hers?" I faintly protest. "If it were her fault, you wouldn't be moping around like this." "I'm not moping." "You are moping. Now shut up, the class is about to start." My first three classes went slowly. I could almost feel every second falling away into nothingness. Sometimes, there're just mornings you wish you hadn't got out of bed. This was one of them. Lunchtime finally comes and as I enter the cafeteria, I notice that Jasper, Bella and Rose are already seated. I make my way toward them and I notice the look that Jasper is giving Bella. Then, he looks at me, all smug and happy. And I realize. He knows . She fucking told him. "I cannot fucking believe you told Jasper!" I yell at her as I violently lay my tray on the table. Rose's eyes flick from Bella to me and then she looks at Jasper, hoping for an answer. "How is that your business who I told?" She retorts and her eyes are alight with fury. "I thought you didn't want to do it. Maybe Jasper does!" "Okay, what's going on?" Rose asks, still staring at the two of us. "Don't put me in the middle of your argument," Jasper interrupts. "I'm with Alice!" "Like I'm going to believe you wouldn't want to fuck Bella even if you're dating the new girl! I'm sure you've been waiting for it for all your life!" I spat at Jasper, who is on the receiving end of my fury. "You're pushing it, man! You know I don't like Bella that way. Don't take it out on me!" Jasper says getting up. "Go fuck your little slut, Jazz!" I bark at him. "You know what Edward; you're blind if you don't see what this is really about. But I'm not going to let you insult Alice, or me. I'm out of here." "Jazz…" Bella says in a kind voice as she puts her hand on his arm to try to make him stay, "You know he didn't mean it!" "Don't fucking tell me what I do or don't mean!" I tell her. "Okay, you need to shut the fuck up now Edward," Rose intercedes. "I don't know what your problem is, but you need to work it out between the two of you. And don't talk to Bella like that! God knows why she's still friends with you." With a last withering glare in my direction, Rose get up and leaves, every guy's eyes following her out. "You need to calm down, Edward!" Bella tells me. "It was a private matter, Bella! I can't believe you told him!" "He's my best friend! I can tell him anything I want to. And you better go apologize to him at the end of the day; you were an asshole." "I'm your best friend!" I retort angrily. I'm tired of hearing her say that. "Don't get all jealous on me now." "Bella…" I whisper and I pause for a long time taking deep breaths. "You're right, I'm sorry," I finally say, "I'll go apologize to Jasper. I know I wasn't fair to him and to Alice." "You really should. He told me not to have sex with Jacob. That you were the best choice and probably the better lay." Edward sends a cocky grin my way. "He's right about that. Please tell me you're not going to Black." "I need to know your answer, Edward. It's not a silly whim. I want to lose my virginity before going to college." She gets up to leave as well, her tray untouched. I find myself alone at the table and some of the other students are looking at me like I have another head. I really love Bella. She's my best friend. But I'm not sure that's enough. TBC