pulling her remaining clothes off and then my own, all the while she was staring at him with large eyes full of wonder. "Bella tell me if I hurt you" "Edward I trust you" I began to love her with all my heart. Using my fingers while kissing her everywhere, it wasn't too long before she was responding to me as well. Tugging my hair which is a real turn on to me at least, oh she will be doing that often. When I felt her getting ready to climax around my fingers, I looked into her eyes and fell in love with her all over again. Climbing up to hover over her "Bella are you ready baby?" "Yes" she whispered sweetly never breaking eye contact with me. I slowly joined us together kissing her to help with any pain. Soon we were joined as one dancing the dance of lovers the world over. Climaxing together for the first time, I held her until her heartbeat returned to normal. After making love three more times we lay side by side looking into each other's eyes. "Did I live up to your hero?" "Yes oh yes" "Baby I love you so much" "Edward I am sorry I was naughty and I love you too" "You know I will spank you anytime you call yourself fat or anything else naughty?" "Yes" "Yes what?" "Yes Edward I know you will" "Then we understand each other?" "Yes sweetheart we do" He kissed me long and hard and rubbed my sore bottom smiling at her. "Oomph" This earned me a swat and a kiss on the nose. "Now baby girl I have a huge bathtub. And you need to soak for awhile and I'll make us some dinner, then we'll talk some more alright?" "Yes, Edward that sounds good, are you sure I am not imposing on you?" "Bella my hand is getting ready to paddle your bottom again" He helped me into the bathroom, filled the tub, found me a tee shirt and some sleep pants Alice had left there after a visit months ago, saying the day would come when he'd need them. "I think these will do, the pants are from my sister, and shirt is mine" with that he left me there, after making sure I got the tub. EPOV: "Alice, yes it's her I feel the pull, she's the one. I know but she's hurt and bruised. No I am off tomorrow and return to work the next day. Alright we'll see. Night, tell Jazz hello. Thanks. I hung up just as Bella walked into the kitchen. "Smells wonderful, what's cooking?" "I reheated some soup my mom sent home with me last week, for the freezer hope you like it" I sat the table and ladled the soup, a nice beef stew I could actually eat if I had too and put a large glass of ice water with lemon in front of her. "You, are probably needing fluids darling" "Oh Okay" and she ate and drank she listened to me tell her where I worked and what it was like etc. Soon she was drooping, I gathered up the dishes, loaded the dishwasher. Walking to her I smoothed her hair back asked her if she would like to sleep with me in my room. After a moment she said "with you" and turning off the lights as they went I walked back to my room with her. I pulled down the covers and scooped her up and laid her in the bed walking to my side and undressing in the dark I slipped beside her. "I'll repay the dinner" "Bella sleep angel, we'll talk in the morning". Soon she was snoring gently and I was holding her thinking how my life had just changed, when all at once she began to talk in her sleep "Why do I love him already?" "Please don't leave me Edward" and a little later "I'll be a good girl, no don't want a spanking". I chuckled at that, and what had happened to her, I decided I was not going to tolerate her putting herself down if she dreamed of a strong sexy Vampire man then she would get one starting tomorrow….I'd need to set my foot down and make sure she understood I was the alpha. Getting up and showering before starting to fix her some breakfast, gave me the time to think about what I had heard in both her mind and her sleep talking. After she fell back into dreamless sleep I rose and sat near her in a chair looking at every inch of her. Pulling the covers down bending down to peer at her up close, she was so pretty and her smell was like lilacs and fresh flowers, something to enjoy…. Then her fingers so smooth with a ring on her left hand, looked like a birthstone Sapphire maybe? Her hair so many shades of brown with some red in there too cute nose with pretty eyes. Now why would she think I wouldn't want her? That thought made me very angry, she was my mate, I knew that now, and inside of me my "monster or vampire nature" was raging at her not liking herself and being hurt. My instincts were compelling me to wake her up to punish her for saying or even thinking such things. This surprised me most of all, the only time I ever wanted to spank a female was when Rose first came into the family and her attitude was 100 times worse than now. So my desire to do just that again at 5am was a wakeup call to say the least. This must be what Jasper had warned me about "Edward you will do things you never imagined when you find the one" I didn't understand but it all came clear when I picked her up last night and my chest swelled 100 times in just a few moments.