If not you can sit in our small jail cell" he told her leaving no room for argument. It was the best possible solution and the only way to keep her safe "Yes Sir, I will help do anything I can. I had not other recourse but to run from them and my old life, I'm so sorry" Walking back down with her to the van, we see how she was neat and clean. There is no mess at all. You would never know a person lived in it. Good, we won't get into trouble with the owners then. Watching her gather her few things I lead her up to a guest berthing on the Captain's level. "5am Bella, wear tennis shoes so you don't slip or fall" I left her there alone. BPOV: What a disaster, I was caught red handed. I have no idea what awaits me or what will happen when we dock in two days. Still this isn't bad, a small twin size bed mounted to the wall with a small attached "Head" as they call it, there's a shower, toilet, and sink. I got my first bath in ages, it was heavenly. Feeling cleaner and calmer, I hand wash a few items so I'll have clean clothes in the morning. Maybe I'll end up in a Japanese jail but I hope not. The House of Everlasting Pleasure: Bella was feeling better after a very long day of learning the cooking basics and scrubbing everything in sight. Tomorrow they would dock in Japan. What happened after that she shuddered to think about? Would they send her home? Would they throw her in Jail? Would the US Embassy get involved? Sleeping soundly and awakening at 5am to help start breakfast for the crew she was surprised when the Captain knocked on her door just before she opened it to go to the Galley. "Captain" Bella asked with more than a little fear. She was alone on a ship full of men. "Miss Swan" He answered tightly. "We will be having the Harbor Master on board in three hours. I need you to stay out of sight to save us all any trouble with Customs" "Where do you want me to go Captain?" she asked fearfully "Angus will take you to a safe place and will come for you when we are docked" the Captain told her not wanting to have to hide her but didn't have a choice "Yes Sir I will go where you want me to of course" she said sadly He nodded and walked down the companionway towards the Captains Mess area. After two hours and when everything was ship shape as they say. Angus told her to gather her things and meet him back in the forward hold where she had been hiding out. He was there when she arrived with her duffle and coat. Motioning her to lead the way they entered the huge hold. All the cars were there and it seemed nothing had changed. She walked up to her "van" and just before turning to ask if she was to hide there, he stuck her with a needle. Seconds later she collapsed into his arms. He whistled and two crew men appeared one was very big and strong. They wrapped in her coat and placed both her duffle and her unconscious body in a wooden storage crate. This was then manhandled unto a pallet to be unloaded first. Waking up hours later with a killer headache, she found herself in a cell and there was another girl in there with her. She introduced herself as Chouko and quickly got her some water and a wet cloth for her head. "Ssh little one I will explain what I can but you must be quiet, they will come and bad things will happen" she said softly "Where am I?" Bella asked her voice still gruff from sleep and her memories hazy "You are in The House of Everlasting Pleasure. It's a high end Geisha House and like me I think you did not come because you wanted too" "Ohh, I was on a ship, they needed me to hide, and customs was coming. They drugged me" her memories were coming back quicker now "I was sold to them by my father, he had too many daughters. My name is Chouko, it means butterfly" "Oh I am Isabella but call me Bella Swan" Bella took her friends hands. Chouko helped Bella adjust and even better she taught her to understand many Japanese words and customs. Along with all that she also taught Bella the art of the Tea Ceremony which Bella excelled in, she also taught her two simple but beautiful dances and most of all the make-up and hair techniques. After a month, the older lady who owned and operated the House came to inspect this foreign girl she had been forced to buy. Knowing that their clients would never accept anyone not Japanese, she was unsure of where to use her. In fact she was determined to cast the beggar out into the streets, but when she entered the new "students" wing, she saw Bella with her hair and makeup done perfectly and she was performing a tea ceremony like a pro. She definitely looked and acted the part. Deciding then and there what she would tell anyone about this little treasure she watched the American girl every day. Now after four more months she is going to cash in on Bella or Hakari as she was named because she brought laughter and lightness into the house. Too bad she had already sold her to her biggest client. Stalling him for two weeks, she sent Hakari to the Vampire to help her childhood friend and owner of KBZ. Getting paid millions of Yen didn't hurt either. She could not and would not allow herself to have feelings for the girls she trained in her house but letting Hakari go was hard.