to us at school and that is as forbidden as telling the secret is it not?" he said, his eyes wild "Yes Edward it is, I'm sorry about that too" she cried as he was still intensely looking into his eyes. "So you made this bed, as mom says, now you will suffer the consequences of it. I decide darling and you damn well know that too. Every male here is an alpha and you have grown up hearing them getting their bottoms spanked all your life, even mom so don't act all surprised that I'm one too" he told her, her bottom sparking to life again. "Yes sir I understand" she finally said out loud and looked away from his face. He pulled her chin back and looked into her eyes. "Darling it's my job now to protect you even from yourself and I intend to do that as long as I exist" he told her as he placed a soft kiss on her cheek "Ok I will do as you say Edward" she told him softly "Good then tomorrow morning you will bring the hairbrush to me and we'll have a little talk before your breakfast" he instructed She nodded finally allowed to go get her sleep pants and tee shirt. Since he wasn't leaving her side as he put it she dropped the towel and opened her dresser. She heard him groan and was very pleased with herself. Bending over to reach into the drawer she gasped when his hands caught her waist. "Oh my lovely girl you are driving me insane. I want you so much darling. Who knew my little love's red bottom would cause such a thing?" he purred into her ear. "Ask me Edward I might say yes, I want you that way too" she said, her voice low and she hoped that it sounded sexy. He looked at her and must have seen something new because he dropped his hands and picked her up, his hands holding her bottom as her legs wrapped around his waist. Pulling herself back to look up at him she kissed him hard and wiggled against his straining jeans. He growled at her and kissed her back with all the passion he could while she was still human. "Bella darling I am going to give in here, if you don't want this say something now" he said, his voice rough as he fought the growl that was yearning to come out. "Edward I have dreamed of this for two years and yes I want this" she pleaded as she wiggled again, feeling the evidence of his desire straining against his jeans. "I'm eighteen honey and I want you now and always" she purred into his ear. "Know this Isabella, there is no going back, no changing our minds, no divorce ever. You will be mine in all ways from that moment on. It means we will be married right after school ends as well" he told her. He wanted her more than anything but if she wasn't sure he would back off. "Yesss" she hissed as he laid them on the bed and began kissing her all over and she gasped as his lips caressed her breasts. He licked, nibbled and swirled his tongue all over her chest while his hands did wicked things to the rest of her body. She was panting with lust and there was a dull ache between her legs that she knew was her own desire building or at least that was how her sisters explained it. He kept this up until she was mewling like a cat. Then he slowly inserted two fingers in then three into her and began stretching her opening wider. Telling her between kisses all the wonderful plans he had for them, travel and college for her to enjoy, but all she could think about was the pleasure he was giving her. Finally when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, he pulled his clothes off and slipped between her legs. He told her he love her once more as he slipped inside her and she cried out as he broke through her barrier. He held her closely and tried to stay still as he body took time to adjust. Once she gave him the signal that she was okay, he made love to his darling girl for the first time. As they came together she was crying and if he could have he would have been as well. Twice more before she fell asleep in his arms. He rested besides her all night just as he always hoped he would, alongside his mate and lover. "Sleep well my little love" he said softly as she drifted off to sleep. While she slept Alice sent him visions of how to ruin those little bitches as Bella thought of them. The one they agreed on was simple and would make the laughing stock of them both and might even get Bella off the hook. Each day the two of them drank bottles after bottle of "Iced tea" what no one knew but the Cullen's could smell was they were laced with whiskey or vodka depending on which girl provided the booze that day. "Edward, Charlotte and I will really spike them tomorrow while Bella is suspended. After their usual four bottles a day they should in fine form at tomorrow night's football game being the lead cheerleaders and all. Should make for a fun evening all around. Charlotte and I will attend the game and report home. I can't wait". Neither could he, but either way his life was complete. He had a wonderful family and now he had his little love to spend eternity with. You could totally turn this into a full blown fic, him going to school after her suspension to show the girls who he belongs too or have him meet Jessica and Lauren around town and scare the holy hell out of them.