I would take as a sign. BPOV: I woke up slowly snuggled into someone cold. Then it hit me and I rolled over too fast almost falling off the bed. "Careful little love" hands grabbed me pulling me to them. I looked up and there he was my dream lover and if you can believe him my Vampire husband and mate according to him last night. Mr. Spank happy himself smirking at me. "Morning" I manage to blurt out. "Morning my dear" Kissing me with such passion I'm almost undone but then I remember I'm mad at him after all. My bottom stings like the devil every time I move. Just then he rolled me unto it making me squirm " Now baby doll are you going to be a good girl today so we can get a lot done?" refusing to answer until he looks into my eyes with that look that melts my insides " Oh OK, but I'm mad at you Edward" laughing softly "Why baby?" " You know darn well" I glare at him the best I can he is so darn good looking, it's distracting. " Oh your bottom, yes I want to see it today, rollover" ' Nooo you saw enough of it last night" before I can blink I'm on my stomach my tee shirt is pulled up exposing my bare butt to him. "Hmm" he says to himself as he reaches into his drawer for a tube of something. "Here baby let me put some of this on you" then almost all the stinging stops as he rubs a very cold cream on me "Edward that feels so much better now" as he pulls my shirt down again. Making me stay until the cream is all dried he kisses me and tickles me until I can get up to start our day. 'Come on pretty lady let's shower then head out" " Are we going out?" ' Yep shopping for everything we need, plus we'll get your things moved today as well" Two Days Later: EPOV: I heard thoughts from a monster today as we were doing the last bit of shopping to make this place hers too. Tonight I will hunt him down. Bella wants to come too. Yes, I will let her if it doesn't work she'll stay home until I change her very soon. She even shopped alone today while I went to the roofs to see what was out there. No idea what she bought but she was so happy afterwards. " Bella come on we are hunting tonight" She comes out of our room all in black even boots. Gads she is sexy done up like a warrior. She hands me a long sleeve black tee, to go with my black jeans and boots I'm wearing tonight as well. Changing shirts I see her open the coat closet, seems we both have black leather jackets as well. So dressed to kill as they say we head up to the roof. "Jump on baby girl" I say and she does, kissing my neck as I jump from roof to roof and take off running. Finding the scent miles away deep into the lower side of town I bring us down the alley below silently. I indicate to her to stay in the shadows while I step out into the center to scent to area. He is very close, maybe even in the bar we are behind. Hearing footsteps I step into a shadow myself. Around the corner I see him dragging a very drunk or drugged lady with him out of sight. Looking into his thoughts I know he is the one I have been searching for. He leans her up against the wall of a building while he gets his "tools" out of his jacket pockets; a knife, tape, and plastic bag for a souvenir of his conquest tonight. Not tonight I think as I start to make my way towards him. Just as think it's all going well Bella steps out, making me think thirty things at once including giving her second spanking later tonight. "Miss, can I help you? You seem a little worse for wear" She has her by the arm propelling her way from him and me. Hmm not a bad idea, still he has a large knife. When they are almost out of the alley he makes his move coming up fast behind Bella. She turns quickly and smacks him with a trash can lid in the stomach and right into my arms. Smiling at me "Here Edward deal with the trash" she pulls the lady now walking a little better unto the sidewalk and lit up streets. I hear her reaming out the bartender for allowing this lady out in this condition. Amazing my darling is amazing. Where I would have normally tortured a man like this, I end him quickly after reading everything I need in his head. After tossing him into the trash bin, I take a moment to jot it all down to send to the police, it might mean a great deal to a family somewhere. Planting it in his coat pocket, along with his knife and tape, like he was keeping a list of victims I go to find my mate. She is there in a dark doorway waiting for me with a smile. Cancel the spanking, its vampire sex instead. Seeming to know that, she kisses me like a little devil, and then looks to see if I'm mad at her. " Edward, why do we go at dusk?" " Baby it's safer at twilight; we can blend with the shadows" " Are you mad at me Edward?" " I was but not anymore, baby I'm changing you tonight. The thought of you getting hurt is too much" ' Alright Edward, just don't leave me" " Isabella I will never leave you darling" Running back to our home, I know my life has changed forever.