I always got a headache if I tried to think before the cops found me, "When I was picked up by the police at age six." "Age six is pretty old, do they know why you don't remember anything?" Edward asked. "When they found me I had a concussion, it seems to have triggered the memory loss, I healed quite quickly after that." I explained. Edward out a hand to his chin in thought, "A concussion? It would have had to be a super strong object." He mumbled to himself. "What?" I asked. "Oh nothing." He smiled again and looked at me as if that awkward moment hadn't happened. RED ALERT! Do not trust these people at all cost! Sirens were now going off in my head. Right at that moment Mrs. Beatrice walked in with all the paper work in her hands and a pen. "Here you go, did everything go well?" She asked. "Perfectly." Edward said. No it did not! It went by too quickly and too perfectly, I just know that these people have something up their sleeves and are about to rain it down on us! The couple went to the paper work and started filling it out at an amazing speed, NO! SOON THEY WILL TAKE ME FROM HERE AND RUIN MY PERFECT LIFE! "Is your life really that perfect?" I heard the male mumble. I froze upon hearing it, did he just-... No he couldn't have...That's impossible...Right? Mrs. Beatrice just smiled throughout the whole process and didn't seem to hear him, then again I have excellent hearing. She then pulled me out of the room and went to talk to me in the hall. "Isn't this great, you can finally have a place to call home! I always knew you had it in you!" She cheered with a smile. "Yes but..." I said warily. "But what?" She asked, actually concerned. "Well I don't trust them fully." She looked down at me in disapproval, "Well its just that who comes to an orphanage and already knows who they'll adopt and they do it the same day and everything!" She scoffed, "It just means you got lucky this time." She then smiled again, "Come on dearie, lets go get your clothes and then you can be ready to leave." She grabbed my wrist to pull me along, "But-!" I tried to protest. "No but's don't sabotage this moment, in the future you'll realize that this might have been the happiest day of your life!" She said trying to make me excited. We went upstairs to the room I shared with everyone and got my few belongings that actually belonged to me, I was given a small sack to put it all in. "It makes me happy that you will be leaving here but also sad, we won't be able to throw you a good bye party sadly." Mrs. Beatrice said. I shrugged, "I don't care too much." I was kind of realizing I was being trapped into getting adopted by this couple. "You've always been independent." She sighed, "Oh well I wish you luck and happiness." She kissed the tip of my nose. I felt a bit of warmth from that gesture, I had never been kissed in any type of way before, it felt sort of good to have a parent type kiss. I guess I really was deprived from being loved in anyway. We went back downstairs and into the main area, it was the lobby, were other young couples were waiting and others were filling out paper work. I had only been allowed in here once and it was when I had first come to the orphanage. The couple who wanted to adopt me was waiting by the main counter with the receptionist. I went up and the women behind the desk started speaking to me, "All you have to do is sign here and then these people will be your parents." She pointed to the highlighted area and gave me a pen, everyone was expecting me to sign, what orphan kid would actually turn down an offer to have a parent. In this place it never happened, if I turned it down not only would I shame myself, but I would shame everyone that worked here. With a trembling right hand I took the pen and put it to the paper, I have to go through with this, I wrote my first letter of my name in cursive, it's a once in a lifetime opportunity, my second and third letter in my name got written down, besides you would crush this couples heart, and then I finished my signature. It was done, I just gave this couple next to me all the rights to me, it felt like I was signing away my life. "Yay! Congratulations!" Mrs. Beatrice said. "Congrats honey." Said the receptionist in a bored tone, that seemed to mimic my current mood. Bella smiled at me, as I turned toward my new parents, "It's wonderful to welcome you into our family." She wrapped her arms around me and I mechanically copied her. Edward was also smiling at me but it seemed more worried than anything else. "Well, we will be checking up in a month to se if there are any problems, but if you want you can leave her here for a week or take her now." Said Mrs. Beatrice. "We'll take her home now." Said Bella, "Come on." She said, motioning me to follow her. I followed them towards the big front doors, it had been forever since I had been out here, we had field trips every once in a while but it had been at least a year since are last one. Edward and Bella put on these big hats and scarfs and had gloves that went up to their sleeves, not a piece of skin was showing or touching the sunlight. Edward then opened the doors and the bright light poured in blinding me.