he might see it?" She hands him a square looking envelope and Edward curiously reads the front cover. "Who's it from?" "Kate Denali, I think," Esme raised his eyebrows knowingly at him and Edward rolled his eyes to the back of his head and smacked his tongue against the roof of his mouth. "Got to hand it to her. She's just like her sister. Never gives up," Edward drops the envelope on the desk almost disgustedly and stands up to retrieve his jacket from behind his chair. "I will see you in the morning, Mom. Enjoy the rest of the party," he grabbed the letter once again and walked over to kiss Esme on the cheek, this time a little longer than the first. Edward waited for his mother to exit then closed the lights in the office to make his way toward his brother's bedroom, dragging his feet in exhaustion. He felt tired, and probably more worn out than a twenty-nine year old man should be feeling. Then again he had been up for roughly twenty hours, so he was greatly looking forward to stripping and collapsing in his bed for the next six hours until he had to get up again to make it to the city for his next eight o'clock appointment. Edward turned the corner and walked straight into Emmett's bedroom. At first glance, Edward could tell Emmett made a stop inside here since the maids had come to tidy up, because there were shirts and shoes strewn carelessly on the hardwood floor, and underwear and three bow ties lying across the bedspread. Edward wasn't OCD by any means, but he did like things to be neat and tidy. There was no reason to have dirty clothes on the floor when there was a hamper not three feet away. Edward sighed deeply and started picking up the random articles of clothing around the room, figuring he'd do his brother this small favor. He groaned disapprovingly when he saw on the other side of the four poster bed, one of Emmett's three thousand dollar suits lying crumpled on the floor. After tisking and picking up the suit very disgruntled, he strolled inside the walk-in closet to find a suitable coat hanger and shake it out. Ugh... I can't believe I'm blood related to this guy. Three thousand dollar suit all wrinkled and— Knock knock knock "Come in," Edward grumbled from inside the closet. He figured it was the housekeeper who would walk in and find that her job had already been taken care of. He smiled a satisfyingly to himself, but when he heard a throat clearing, it wasn't the voice he was expecting. "I hope I'm not disturbing you..." the voice sounded small and meek... and quivered like a shaking leaf. Edward instantly felt the need to see who it was so he could console or comfort... whoever it was. The reaction he had to the soft feminine voice surprised him. He'd never felt the need to comfort a stranger's voice before... and yet he wasn't even sure if this was a stranger. He had to come out and see for himself, but just as he was about to move into the door way the voice panicked in a fright and called out, "No, please! Don't come out. If you do, I may not be able to get through this and I know I won't if I see your face. Please... just please bare with me." Edward didn't know what compelled him to obey the voice, but his feet stayed planted to the ground, waiting for whoever it was to get it over with so he could go to bed. "You see... I'm leaving tomorrow and I won't be seeing you for a while. A long while. I don't expect you to miss me... I don't even expect you to notice I'm gone. I realize you never noticed me before." Oh splendid! Another girl part of the Emmett Cullen fan club. This is just a waste of my time... "But I will miss you nonetheless. Everyday while I'm away... and I wanted you to know—I—wanted you to know that someone will be thinking of you always. See, I know you... probably better than anyone, aside from your family... and Edward, of course, cause he sees everything." What was that supposed to mean? Wait, a minute. I know this voice... "I'm sorry I waited until now to tell you that I love you, but I didn't know how before. I'm aware that all we'll probably ever be is just friends, but if there is anything I can do for you..." Bella realized how desperate and pathetic she must sound to him, pleading with him to be a part of his life in any small measure, even if it meant doing something for him as a friend, watching from the sidelines while he finds the girl of his dreams and marries her instead. "Anything I can do, even while I'm away in Austria... all you need to do is ask, and I'll do it..." Just then the person she did not expect to walk through the closet doors of Emmett's walk-in closet, spoke in a casual manor as if he were reciting the weather, "If you happen to go to Salzburg while you're there, you should do The Sound of Music tour. I hear it's just like being part of the movie." Edward had just enough time to see Bella's face go from stark white to beat red, and heard her cry out before covering her mouth, "OH MY GOD!" She bolted out of the room and down the stairs straight home to hide herself under her covers until daybreak... trying to forget that awful embarrassing scene ever happened. In the morning, Bella would say a silent goodbye to the Cullen manor and Emmett Cullen humming "I remember you," throughout the entire trip on the plain, and then start to her new life in Vienna... Emmett Cullen free.