"I want to see your tits." Its not too late for me to run back inside and pretend none of this ever happened. Before I can think too much about the mistake I am about to make, I pull the strings of my top and it comes apart in my hands. Edward is watching me, impassive as ever. "The bottoms too." I untie the sides and step out if my bottoms. I'm now standing completely bare in front of him. His eyes rake over my body, lingering for a long time over my breasts, my hips, the space between my legs. He's barely laid a finger on me and yet my skin already feels too hot, like an overripe peach. "Turn around." I don't know where this coming from but I am suddenly putty in his hands. I turn around. "Bend over." I close my eyes and swallow a deep breath. I don't know if I can do this. I don't have sex with strange guys I barely know. "Bend over Bella. I want to look at your pussy." That low deep voice, saying those dirty words are my undoing. I lean over the tub, holding on to the edge. I've never felt so naked, so exposed. No one has ever looked at me like this before. I feel a little shame, mixed with excitement. It's almost embarrassing how aroused I am and he hasn't even kissed me. I can feel the wetness between my legs. Knowing Edward is just inches from my arousal just just intensifies it. He stares at me for what feels like hours. I turn my head to look at him. He stands, dragging his trunks down and pulling out his erection. I feel the thick head of his cock at my entrance, rubbing at my heat. Without another warning he slides his cock deep inside me, filling me completely. He pulls out and I whimper at the loss, but then he slams back into me. He fucks me harder and for once I am glad there are no neighbors around to hear me getting fucked by Edward Cullen. I've never been this vocal before but i find myself begging Edward to fuck me harder and deeper. His hands find my tits and begin pinching my nipples roughly as he pushes into me. His right hand drifts lower, till he finds my clitoris and massages it with two fingers. "I want you to come Bella..." He pinches me lightly and I'm done. Pleasure and heat flood every inch of my body and I am utterly spent. Edward moans, pulling out of me and coming all over my backside. I step out of the tub and feel Edward's gaze on me. The air is cool on my skin. I realize I forgot to bring a towel and will now have to walk back in still soaked. I turn toward the house and then I feel large hands draping a towel over my shoulders. "Thank you," I say quietly. I pause a moment before walking down the stairs the next morning, only letting out the breath I'd been holding when I realize I am alone. Just like every other morning. Things should be different somehow. But the house is as silent and empty as ever and Edward has vanished again. I didn't expect him to be here when I woke. Absurdly, stupidly, I'm a little disappointed to have my expectations met. I set water to boil on the stove and scoop out enough beans for a pot of coffee. I've only had a single one night stand in my life. I didn't find him particularly attractive, but he was there and he liked me and it seemed like a good enough reason at the time. I felt numb after it was all over and left him snoring in his tiny studio apartment. I never saw or spoke to him again, which was perfectly fine with me. This is my second, I suppose. But this time I'm living with the guy and not seeing him again is an impossibility. Not speaking, perhaps. I close my eyes, taking in the aroma of fresh coffee emanating from the whirr of the electric grinder. When I open them again, Edward has entered the house carrying a load of firewood. His cheeks are ruddy from the morning chill. He looks...hesitant? A little unsure perhaps, of how I'm going to react. "Coffee will be ready in a few minutes." He sinks down at the kitchen table, still looking a little uneasy. I slide a mug over to him. Black, how he takes his coffee. I plop two cubes of sugar into my own before sitting down across from him. "So... I guess this means you should meet my Dad?" I ask, taking a sip from my mug. His eyes widen in horror, glancing surreptitiously at the door as if planning his escape. I stare him down a little longer, enjoying his discomfort and when I can't stand it anymore erupt in laughter. When he realizes that I'm not expecting anything from him, Edward finally relaxes. I might even detect a hint of a smile underneath that ridiculous beard. Seriously, I need to find out what the deal with that is. It's beyond Brooklyn lumberjack and is slowly creeping into Tom Hanks in Castaway territory. But after last night, I don't know if I can ask him that question. A few scenes from last night flash through my mind and I feel a blush creeping up my face. Before embarrassment can overtake me, I shove the feeling aside. Its just sex. It doesn't mean anything. The fact that he fucked me last night shouldn't stand in the way of us not talking and generally avoiding each other unless absolutely necessary. I guess Edward feels the same way, because when I look over at him he is as composed and aloof as ever. He finishes his coffee, giving me a little nod before heading outside again.