she said with a knowing look. I nodded. "Yes." "Anyone I know?" "Yes. It's Embry." Bella grinned. "He's a nice guy," she said softly. "Have you told him how you feel?" she wanted to know. I shook my head. "I haven't seen him yet. Well...not really. He saw me in my wolf form." Bella thought for a moment. She pulled out her phone and pressed the number "3" button. "Alice," she said. "Bella?! Are you okay?! I couldn't see you..." "I'm with Alex." "But Alex is in England..." Alice began. "No, she came back today," Bella explained patiently. "But why can't I..." Alice was then at Bella's front door, and stepped inside without knocking. She got a good look at me and immediately made a face when she did. "Oh gawd... Bella, what is that god-awful wet dog smell?!" Immediately I blushed and looked away from her. "Alice," Bella chastised lightly. "It's Alex's first day as a werewolf," she went on. "I don't want to have to make you be nice to her." Alice sighed. "What did you need me for?" she asked. "Alex here likes Embry," replied Bella. "I was thinking that perhaps you could help us select something appropriate for her to be viewed in for the first time. Embry has not seen Alex in her human form since she was ten, before she left for England. My little sister wants to make an understandably good impression." My wet dog smell forgotten, Alice's sweet face lit up as she jubilantly clapped her hands. "Wonderful!" she said, taking me by the arm and yanking me down the hall with Bella trailing behind us. Alice walked into Bella's closet and poked around. If I had my mother's hair, my father's eyes and Leah's height, I had Bella's skin and her size. Bella would often send me clothes from Alice that she would get, not like and therefore not wear, and then I'd get them. Simple, I thought as Alice rifled through various articles of clothing my sister owned. "Ah-ha!" Alice said then, pulling out a creamy white dress; I knew that there was no way that she knew that I was a white wolf. The dress itself was slightly above the knee in length with a scoop neck with a thin layer of lace on top of the base fabric. The sleeves were around three-quarters of my arm in length and Alice suddenly got an idea into her head. The short vampire hastily stripped me down without permission and pushed me into the shower and instructed me how to wash in a seemingly proper manner. Once I was out of the shower she blow-dried my hair and brushed it long so as it was black and silky and hung almost all the way down my back. She then put me into a white laced bra with matching underwear before putting the dress over my head. She put a necklace with wood beads around my neck and had me step into white pumps. She then looked to see where Embry was and dragged me outside again, where I hollered a quick goodbye to Bella. She pulled me to the big house and to the massive garage where her yellow Porsche was and drove quickly and quietly on some roads before coming to a full stop. "I can't go any further, due to the treaty," she explained. "Just up the road there is First Beach. Keep walking along the main road here and..." She stopped for a moment in order to have maximum concentration. "I've seen Embry seeing you! Go!" she said, and pushed me out of the car and I walked on the sun splashed highway down the road to the beach. I could hear shouts of the boys and tried my best to look confident as I kept on walking. I was gripping onto Bella's worn copy of Wuthering Heights and trying to decipher to real relationship between Heathcliff and Catherine when suddenly I heard every voice on the beach go soft. I kept right on walking and reading, beginning to see why my sister enjoyed this story so much. I remembered that love and romance languages went hand in hand, and considered which language I would study at Forks High School. I also remembered how magical First Beach was, as Jacob's older sister, Rachel, first met Paul, a friend of Sam's, and now the two of them were very happy together. I was just considering how complex a great many relationships might be when suddenly footsteps walked towards me. "Hi." I looked up, seeing Embry standing directly in front of me. Keep it cool, Swan , I told myself. "Hi," I replied. "How are you?" he asked. I shrugged. "I don't know," I replied, forcing myself not to be the stereotypical damsel in distress and/or the main female character in a Nicholas Sparks novel. "What I do want to know is, can werewolves faint?" Embry smiled larger. "I assume so," he replied. His expression changed then, to that of a more serious individual. His dark eyes seemed to take on a broader understanding of the world around him, and his face seemed to clear of any humor at all. I wondered what was happening to him when suddenly I felt an extreme force telling me that Embry was the one. It was almost like a gravitational force was compelling me never to be separated from him ever again. I couldn't explain it, but I knew that he felt it, too, especially when our hands wove together. We gazed at each other then, and it was almost as if the stars were aligned in our favor, as if this very moment was always meant to happen between us. It seemed as if we were in perfect tandem, and nothing would ever change that. His perfect lips pulled up then, and I felt mine following suit. "It's you," he said softly. My smile did not waver. "It's you," I whispered back.