be stubborn another day. With eight newborns and a disappearing coven - Cullens and Whitlocks - Paul sent Jake up to fetch her. Bailey stayed with Emily and the other imprints at Sam's house with Embry on guard. Bella and Jake had just crossed the 'Welcome to Forks' sign when a leech had plowed into Jake's refurbished Rabbit and knocked them off of the road. Jake grabbed Bella and got her out of the car safely, though unconscious at the time, and phased to protect her. He howled just before a leech knocked his ass out and he fell on top of Paul's imprint. Paul had been in a blind rage, tearing through the forest. Sam and he had finished ripping apart and burning four of the newborns as Jared and Brady worked to destroy the last two. Seth and Leah already having killed and burned two of their own. Paul raced through the woods with Sam on his heels but they were at the complete opposite side of La Push and Jake and Bella had just entered the opposite side of Forks. Many miles separated them but Paul worked harder than ever because if Bella wasn't hurt by her best friend collapsing on her then the leech who knocked him out, would. He had a sneaking suspicion who it was too. The delusional bastard thought Bella still loved him after all those years. Coming to call every few years to change her mind. Paul had a feeling that since the seer wasn't around, Edward thought he could get away with this. He wouldn't. It had taken Paul twenty two minutes to run from one end of La Push to the opposite end of Forks where Jake's car was smashed into a tree on the side of the road and Paul had been right. Edward had been to blame. A veil of red descended over Paul's vision and he had torn into the parasite that dare infect his imprint with his sickening seed. Paul rampaged through the trees straight for the leech who didn't seem to even notice that Paul was there. He was too busy raping his imprint. Her arms and throat were gouged with long claw marks, dripping blood and oozing venom. Both of her legs were bent at odd angles and her side had a large slice gaping open, bleeding freely. Edward's mouth was red and drooling from the taste and smell of having his singer's blood spilled for his lips. Paul wrapped his quivering jowls around the fucker's head and threw him away from Bella. Sam caught him and tore his head off immediately, wasting no time. Paul could torture him later if he wanted. Shifting to human, forgoing his cutoffs, he knelt before his beautiful wife and lifted her carefully into his arms. Hot tears tracked down his face as she lay barely breathing, rasping bubbly, bloody breaths. She coughed, spraying bloody foam from her lips and Paul wiped it away, shushing her. She wanted to say something, he knew but he could see in her eyes the love she had for him. He bent low and carefully kissed her lips, her nose, her eyelids. She mouthed 'love you' as she breathed her final breath, her body going still, her heart beating it's final beat. Paul held her tightly in his arms long after that, crying deep, loud, heart wrenching sobs. Jake was still unconscious just feet away, no one knew if he would ever wake up. No one made Paul move for hours. Sam eventually burned Edward with little fanfare and said a quiet goodbye to the treaty. A quiet Quileute ceremony had been done for Bella immediately. Pack and imprints only. Paul would not be alive tomorrow for her actual funeral. The one where everyone thought she died in a car crash on her way back from Seattle. Even her father wouldn't know the truth. It was too gruesome to think of let alone tell another soul and Charlie didn't need that burden or image. The ghost of his imprint's hands wandered through Paul's hair and over his broad shoulders. He enjoyed the scent of her surrounding him as he sat in her chair. His heart stuttered as more pain ripped through his being but he didn't twitch. Paul allowed the pain to consume him as he sat slouched with his wife's ghost. Outside the small singlewide trailer, Embry, Seth, Jared, Jacob, Sam, Brady, and Joseph all gathered around a small fire pit near the tree line. Leah and Colin came from the direction of Sam and Emily's house with all of the imprints who were dressed in traditional Quileute funeral attire. Leah bent low over the fire pit and used a long lighter to light the logs as the entire pack gathered around the fresh flames. As they listened to their pack brother's labored breathing, Emily recited a Quileute prayer softly and everyone bowed their heads. Paul's breathing stuttered more as a deeper pain sliced through his soul. His heart was reaching out to his imprint and he spread his hands wide as if to help it along. His eyes clenched shut and he gritted his teeth as the pain ripped him apart from the inside out - or so it felt to Paul. A soft groan left his lips as he finally succumbed to the call of death, his heart stuttered and thumped one last time as a long gust of wind left his lips. Bella's ghost leaned over and kissed her mate's lips as his soul joined with hers. The tears of the La Push wolf pack landed in the bright flames of the prayer fire, the salt of their many tears tinging the flames, giving them a bright blue hue much like the driftwood logs on First Beach in a bonfire. The Spirits called upon Paul and Bella's souls to bring them to the light, no longer in any pain from the mortal desecration they each had to endure.