left and I sobbed tearless soul wrenching sobs over the pain I caused. I rejoiced silently when she put herself back together and fumed when she made friends with the wolf, Jake. When Charlie finally passed away after a year and a half of rigorous treatment, quietly paid for by Dr. Cullen, I held her in the night while she screamed and cried in her sleep. Bella hit what I call a rebellious stage and what Jasper calls being human. She bought a small motorcycle, got tattoos, and hung out with oversized men. Though she had never had a relationship with any of them and I didn't like that she was so adventurous, I knew this was part of living her life as a human as I'd so callously informed her to do. I disagreed with Jasper however, because if she was just being human, her oversized friends wouldn't be werewolves. The wolves knew, of course that we were playing ghost angels to Bella and promised to keep quiet. Jake knew how in love Bella was with me to this day and we had come to a reluctant agreement with each other. I had spilled my innermost secrets to Jake one night after he found me destroying the woodlands in a fit of rage after Charlie passed. I had been hanging on the end of a thin threat, needing to comfort Bella, but unable to. He sat and listened, surprisingly quiet and open-minded, about all the things I had done wrong in my existence. Including lying to Bella about why I left her and about my age. While the story we concocted for a seventeen year old Bella was true for the most part, a bigger part of the lie was that I, myself was seventeen. I am, in fact, twenty. Alice had convinced me to keep Bella's advances at bay telling her stories of my lack of control or my Edwardian values. In reality, I couldn't bring myself to kiss her as a woman should be kissed while she was a teenager. I'd been head over heels for her. My mate. But I knew I had to maintain a certain decorum within our relationship. It literally pained me to thwart many of her advances. When she would sleep in her tiny cheeky shorts and thin tank tops, her nipples hardening in the cool air or from the touches of my cool skin, I would have to sit in the rocking chair as opposed to the bed, my erection straining against the seam of my jeans. I endured, though. Bella was everything to me and I would do anything for her. Including break her heart. When Bella sold her motorcycle and started her second year of community college, my brothers and I created Candy. Port Angeles' best and only high end strip club. We hired an array of humans to do the work, privately overseeing operations from home outside Seattle. The time had been approaching to reintroduce ourselves into Bella's life. Big change was coming for her and we would need to be there. Alice had seen she would not push us away this time once things got rough. I only hoped Bella would forgive me and my family. I wasn't sure what I would do if she couldn't. o.o I skipped lunch for this jackass. I am irritable, hungry, and fucking tired. Five long hours of filling out applications, searching all over town for job opportunities, and one interview later, I am back at square fucking one. This jackass who gave me the interview only wanted my God damn phone number and after one too many pats to my thigh, I told the sleezeball where to shove his fucking job. I threw myself into bed, foregoing lunch in favor of some much needed slumber. My hands dipped below the hem of my panties and I drew my fingertips through the slick heat at the apex of my thighs. "Help me, Edward. I want to feel your fingers when I come." I whispered. He sat at the edge of my bed and lifted the hem of his shirt, dropping it to the floor in a heap. His eyes burned black with arousal and his jeans looked awfully tight. Hooking his fingers into my panties at my hips he drew them down my thighs and tossed them to the floor with his shirt. "Is this for me, Bella? Are you dripping that sweet honey for me?" Edward's voice was thick and deep. He wanted me as much as I wanted him. I was going to take him. "You're the only man who can make me feel this way. I want you to feel what you do to me." I grabbed one of his hands and pulled him to me, guiding his fingers up and down my hot sex. Edward groaned and leaned over me, pressing the bulge in his jeans against my wet core. I indulated into him, my back arching my breasts toward his face. He took the bait and circled a nipple with his cool tongue, laving it into a tight pink peak. "Oh God, Edward yes! Take off your pants, please!" I cried, grabbing onto the headboard behind me, my head sunk into my pillow. A quick kiss to my lips, Edward jumped off of me, ripped his jeans off, then was back on me. His erection was nestled between my hips and he placed his lips to my ear, letting them brush the lobe as he whispered, "I'm gonna make you scream my name." With a quick tilt and thrust, I was filled and complete. "Edward!" I screamed. I shot up in the bed, grabbing tightly to the sheets, eyes closed, mouth open as I cried out my orgasm. Panting and opening my eyes, I looked around the room. The curtains were moving and I knew the windows were shut. I smiled. Yeah, he witnessed me dreaming of him. Guaranteed I screamed his name. I was smug.