his tanned knuckles whitening from the pressure of his hold. "God, Bella you feel so good! So tight!" He grunted and moaned as he thrust up into her. Bella's perfect tits bounced with each desperate thrust and rock of her hips and I couldn't wait any longer. As I jumped from my perch in the tree, Bella's head turned toward me, never stopping her hips as she rode the wolf. "I've been waiting for you, Major. Stop being a voyeur and enjoy his blood with me." She panted, never halting her motions. Her confession made me pause and I wondered now if she knew I wasn't shielded. She laughed madly at what could only be my shocked face. Dragging her knife to Paul's shoulder while he continued to pump roughly up into her, she drew blood and I flew to them, lapping at the red liquid ambrosia. Wolves might smell like absolute shit but they taste divine. I moaned low in my throat and as I enjoyed Paul's blood, Bella reached over, tearing my jeans off my body. Her hand pressed between my thighs to grab my throbbing cock. She jerked my cock roughly as I twisted my body toward hers on my knees. I grasped the back of her neck, my fingers tangled in her hair, and pulled her to me. Slamming our lips together harshly, I plunged my tongue deep into her mouth, swallowing her moans. My other swiped across Paul's still bloody chest and stomach, drenching my palm and fingers before I painted Bella's breast. Tweaking, pulling, amd twisting her nipple while she rode Paul hard, him grunting and growling below her, I pulled my mouth from hers. Our eyes locked, both shaded onyx, and I snarled, " Mine! " Her lips pulled up into her own snarl as her hands came up to my chest, covered in blood from her massacre on her wolf, she dug her nails into my pecs and dragged down. It was so fucking intense! My hips bucked up, my erection hitting her side I was so close to her. She leaned forward on Paul and I climbed behind her. She glanced down at Paul in silent question. They may abuse each other but they don't force each other. Paul nodded, eyes heavily hooded and voice husky, "Fuck her ass, Major. Let me feel your cock in her tight little body." I wasted no time, not even letting Paul slow his brutal assault on my girl's pussy and I sank deep into Bella's ass. My cock rubbing Paul's through the thin skin inside my mate. Bella keened loudly, one hand splayed on Paul's chest, the other came up behind her grasping my hair tightly. She let us lead now, thrusting hard in and out of her. She loved the fuck out of this. The clearing filled with our grunts, moans, and skin slapping on skin. The scent of Paul's sweet blood in the air made this a heady moment. Bella's walls clenched around us and Paul screamed, "Yes, Bella! Come for us, come for us now " His hands gripping her waist, mine on her hips. The push-pull of Bella's tight little ass wrapped around my cock had me exploding the moment she roared her release, milking roars from both Paul and myself. By the time Paul caught his breath, Bella and I had the clearing cleaned up of any raucous evidence. She was a bit disappointed she didn't get to use her straps but let it go easily. Paul had cleaned himself of his blood and redressed in his cutoffs, now standing at the edge of the clearing unsure of himself. He recognized me as Bella's mate and didn't want to piss me off. "So, this is probably over right?" He asked Bella quietly, feeling defeated. She walked past me from where she was refilling her backpack and slipping her clothes on. "Paul, no. Every month just like we planned." She reassured him softly, cupping his cheek. He looked puzzled a moment before his eyes met mine. "Major?" I walked toward them, wrapping my arm around Bella's waist and holding my hand out, palm up, to Paul. He grasped it tightly. "We will help you together, Paul. Bella may not need the sexual release the same way anymore, but we both need to release the beast we keep caged at home." I told him. Bella smiled up at me, eyes shining, happiness radiating from her. Looking back at her wolf, she said sweetly, "I like your blood to much, Paulie! I'm keeping you." Paul's face split with a grin and he leaned forward to kiss Bella's cheek, eyes darting to me quickly. I smiled and squeezed his hand before releasing him. He removed his cutoffs once more, tied them to the cord around his ankle then with one more look back at us he phased into the silver gray of his wolf and disappeared. o.o Bella and I had been home twelve hours. We had stopped to hunt excessively to rid our eyes of any trace amounts of red. Since all we really took from Paul were mouthfuls, her eyes didn't change drastically. Mine, not at all. Edward hadn't returned yet and the family was gathered around us in the great room as we waited for him. Bella sat close to me but we hadn't confirmed nor denied any questions about our relationship so she sat far enough away to be considered friendly. We were waiting for Edward before we dropped the bomb. Bree knew, I suspected. She kept seeing my glances at Bella. She also paid way more attention than most. Rosalie was ignoring everyone as usual, content to read her romance novel. Emmett was playing Xbox with Carlisle while Esme was crocheting a large blanket for Bella. Alice sat on Bella's other side, chatting away about an upcoming shopping trip and Bella nodded, ooh'd and ahh'd at all the right times. I chuckled. She was such a liar. o.o