got to me how much he would tower over me. "Bella." He whispered, still walking insanely slow. I stayed put, not out of fear, but because if he was testing himself around humans for the first time, I didn't want to startle him. I would let him come to me, just like a timid wild wolf. There was no doubt in my mind that the legends were true. His muscles, the trembling of his body, the deep bass of his voice. Too many changes in too short of time. Supernatural was the only explanation. However, I knew this was a secret and he may do what Edward did...Push me away. I wouldn't let him. I would not tell him that I knew what he was, but I would be there for him the way he was there for me. Jake finally came closer and I was in awe of his size. "Woah." I whispered. I tenatively lifted a hand toward him but he flinched so I dropped it back to my side. "Oh Jake, I missed you so much." He kept his eyes lowered and his cheeks pinked. "As a friend right?" Well, guess we are diving into his biggest issues. "No." His body tensed but he still didn't look up. "Not that it matters, I guess." He muttered then startled mumbling under his breath too low for me to hear. I caught the word 'imprint' but I had no idea what that even meant. I ducked my head trying to catch his eye. He looked away. "Jake, are you mad at me?" He inhaled a deep breath and his body relaxed. It reminded me of when Edward would breathe in my scent only he would tense up. "I'm angry at a lot of things, Bells. Never you, though." He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Look at me." I said to him softly. He looked to his feet. "I can't." His voice cracked and my heart went to him. I took a tenative step toward him so that if he kept looking down, he would be looking down my shirt. He shut his eyes and I smiled. "Yes, you can. Jacob. Look at me." I said a little more firm. He shook his head stubbornly. "What if...if..." He stuttered quietly and I placed my hand on his arm. He jerked but didn't pull away. A warm liquid shock flowed up my arm and into my heart before spreading through my body. I leaned forward and moaned when I caught his scent. Mossy trees and cardamom. "Open your eyes, Jake." I whispered. His eyes fluttered open and I was looking into my red brown dream wolf's eyes. My breath hitched and Jake hissed in a breath. Before he could say anything, I pressed up on my tip toes and crushed my lips to his, my little fingers weaving into his hair as I felt his arms wind around my waist. We moaned into each other's mouths as his tongue tangled with mine. He held me pressed tight against his body and I felt his excitement. It excited me as well and my body worked to let him know it. He moaned again and I guessed his senses were acute like vampires and he could smell my arousal. Jake turned and hiked me up his body, pressing my back into a tree as I wrapped my legs around his waist. His hands started wandering and I moaned when he enveloped my breast with one large hand, plucking the nipple between his fingers. I writhed my hips against his, feeling his hardness pressing to the juncture of my thighs. I was warm and wet and I wanted him so badly. My fingers traversed the expanse of his hot chest, burning hot like a fever, feeling the smattering of dark hairs directly in the center. I followed the hairs lower over his abdomen and lower still, my lips never ceasing their mating with his. We didn't break apart to breathe. We breathed through our noses and into each other and it was the most intense and intimate experience of my short life. "Bella. I've always loved you. Please say you'll be mine." He murmured into my neck as he kissed his way to my collarbone. I bared my neck, exactly aware of what I was doing. He was a wolf and he wanted me to submit. To be his. Silly boy. "I already am yours, Jacob. I've been yours. Just been...waiting for you to come back to me." I panted as his lips sought my cleavage, licking and sucking on my skin. He groaned and bucked his hips into me, pressing against my core, as he nipped the skin of my throat from my collarbone to my ear. "Do you love me, Bella? Do you love me the way I love you?" He asked lowly, his chest rumbling with a growl. "Yes. I love you, Jake. I love you." I breathed. Jake pulled back a little, still keeping me pinned between his hips and the tree, looking into my soul like my dream wolf had. He panted as he grinned at me. A wide, happy, teeth showing grin and I giggled. His grin widened impossibly. "You love me? Say it again." I laughed again at the absolute elation on his face. "I love you, Jacob Black!" I told him reverently. He threw his head back and barked a loud laugh. His chest rumbled with a purr and I hung on as his body shook mine. "You're mine forever, you know that right? I'll never ever let you go." He said smiling but his eyes were serious and I had a feeling this was that word he'd mumbled earlier. 'Imprint'. "Then take me and keep me." I told him smiling. "Forever." I could do a happy Jake and smart sassy Bella all day long so if you want to see a sequel, let me know! Hope you liked this. Review please :)