Maddie and I had been to in the past. We parked the car and dug into our wallets for cash and our student I.D. cards. Once we found them, we got out of the car and headed for the museums main entrance. The hours posted on the door informed us that we had until 5:00 p.m., which gave us less than two hours, but I knew we'd make it work somehow. We went to the front desk and flashed our I.D.'s and paid the kindly woman behind the counter. She smiled and gave us a map so as we could cut corners if we wanted to, but Maddie and I wanted to see everything the Port Gamble Historical Museum had to offer. There was a sign on a log near the main entrance, informing us that the museums exhibits had been opened since 1976, and that they hoped that we would find the exhibits, by looking into the past, both stimulating and educational. We came to one room with a gorgeous-looking antique desk which seriously made my eyes pop with envy. I had two antique desks, but one was used for my computer, while the other just sat in my other bedroom for a decoration piece of sorts. This one, however, had papers on it; of course, we were not allowed to touch anything, so stimulation had to be for our eyes only. We stood there for a few moments more until pictures of old, black and white, boats caught Maddie's eye. I had no idea why another picture referred to—and what looked to be on a marquee no less!—a dry good store as "fancy". Maybe their berries had once been locally grown and fresh, or coconuts had come directly from Hawaii or something like that. There were also scale models of houses that we'd passed outside, leading me to believe that nobody was attempting to fool anyone—they were just really old houses. There was also an old photograph of workers building houses which more than likely stood that day. The very precision that those men put into days' old architecture really enthralled me—in those days, you got your hands dirty. I was also shocked to discover a Motion Picture Account Book, dated the years of 1917 through 1921. There were scrawled pieces of handwriting on every inch of the books' page, leading me to believe that people were in a great hurry to get started, and I couldn't blame them. It also excited me that a small town like that could have their own movie theater, but, I supposed that movies were a great, silent pastime back then. And then there was the Puget Hotel, a sign that forbad gambling on the Mill's premises, and logs that had been fallen, with clear indicators as to what tree they were. One was a hemlock. The thing that I enjoyed the most was the dining room, and a bedroom of the hotel. It really drew me in to age-old living, and made me want to be a part of it. By that time it was after 4:30 and we knew we had better be getting back on the road soon. It was nearly forty miles and almost forty-five minutes to Sequim, and we'd need time to get there without breaking the speed limit, eating dinner, and to check into the hotel. We decided that we'd check in to the hotel first, and then go to dinner. We passed by numerous green signs with standard white letters on the drive, and discovered more than a few advertisements for 7 Cedars Casino. Although we were underage, we still didn't gamble. We made it into Sequim at around 5:15 p.m. and found Washington Street without any trouble. We found the Econo Lodge and parked the car in its lot before going inside the normal-looking front room. We told the man that we'd gotten a room with two queen-sided beds, with wireless and a satellite T.V. with HBO. We paid the man a little less than one hundred dollars before we handed us each our own key. We showed him our bags and once those were all cleared we were free to go to our room. We went inside and Maddie chose the bed by the bathroom while I picked the one closer to the window. We proceeded to unpack our clothes and hung up our dresses in the massive cabinet-like space, with which hangers were provided. We decided to change for dinner; Maddie selected a pair of black leggings with a cream-colored floral top. I picked a pleated white skirt with a frilly black top. It was around 5:45 by the time we left the hotel to go to dinner. We found the address by looking at my phone and found that the 101 Diner was only about three minutes away, by car, from the hotel. We pulled into the parking lot and grinned at each other, noting that this place was a 50's style joint that had to be delicious with pictures of old celebrities in black and white signed photographs. We got out of the car and made our way inside. The waiters and waitresses were dressed for the part and one gleeful woman in particular seemed to make it her duty to get us seated. Well, I supposed you could already say it was her duty, considering that it was more than likely in her job description. We ordered a whole lot of food for not much money, and by the end of the meal were very full. We returned to the Econo Lodge and hooked up the HBO, only to find nothing "good" on. We turned the channel to SpongeBob who, despite our age, we enjoyed. The episode was called Graveyard Shift , and it was a fairly old one, dating from 2002. We laughed at the right intervals, then decided to get some sleep, for we did not know what other journeys would await us when we woke up.