yet when the telltale flags of the car lot came into view, I knew. I found I was torn between a 2011 red BMW 3 convertible and a 2012 silver Volvo S60. They were both so pretty—and Esme was so persuasive—that I was permitted to test drive both cars. Even though both were amazing, I decided on the red convertible and hoped that Rosalie would be upset that I essentially selected the same car she had. But, as I was about to tell Carlisle and Esme my choice, I saw a sleek little black number—a 2012 Jaguar XJ convertible—and it was all over. I was shocked on the first day when I drove onto campus that everyone seemed to be staring at my car. Due to my excessive hunting, I'd been told by Jasper that my feelings of thirst could be muted for a few hours at a time. As with my training that summer, part of it had to deal with hunting so my eyes had turned more quickly than the Cullen's had originally thought possible. I got out of my car on that first day, locking it automatically behind me, and made my way to the front office, turning in the necessary paperwork and smiling and thanking everyone for their friendly demeanors. My first class was calculus with Mrs. Davidson, and I hoped it would go by quickly and painlessly. As I stepped inside I was directed to a desk by the window, and took the window seat, organizing my papers, pencil pouch, and folders upon my desktop as I waited. "Mind if I sit here?" I raised my eyes, mentally crossing my fingers that it wouldn't be a human, and made eye contact with, I initially suspected, a vampire. "Not at all," I forced myself to say, giving a small smile. "Thanks," the guy said, sitting beside me. "You new here?" "How could you tell?" "Instinct." He had a confident manner about him that oddly wasn't unattractive, especially when he smiled at me like that. "Uh-huh," I say, finding myself drumming my fingers on my calculus textbook to appear nonchalant. "Alexander," he said, putting out his hand, and I marveled that they were indeed the same temperature to mine. "Beth," I reply. It was then that I realized that, all around us, that Mrs. Davidson, as well as all the students, had completely frozen. I'd not stopped shaking hands with Alexander, who I suspected, so we two were still moving. "Was that...?" "Yes," Alexander replied simply, letting go of my hand. "I possess Chronokinesis—I am a vampire who can manipulate time." I nod. "I see." "And you can control the weather, it seems. Very impressive." "Vampires can do that?" I whisper. "Feel out what other's abilities are?" "Some can," Alexander says, "one called Eleazar does, at least." He looks me over then, shaking his head. "But something tells me that you're holding yourself back..." I raise my eyebrows. "Excuse me?" "I think you have another, powerful gift—you just haven't tapped into it yet." I shake my head. "I'm not sure I understand." Alexander's eyes drift to the white board, where markers are waiting for Mrs. Davidson to teach us our math lesson. "Pick one of those up." His arm flashes out to stop me from getting to my feet. "No. Pick them up with your mind." "You've got to be..." "Kidding? No." He smiles, not unfriendly, and nods in encouragement. "Try." I roll my eyes momentarily but make eye contact with the white board marker that Alexander had indicated—a green one. Finding my eyebrows knitting together, I willed the marker to go up —and it did. It flew into the air, whizzing this way and that, before coming towards us, landing safely in Alexander's hand. I leaned back against my desk chair, stunned, and shook my head. "Whoa." "So, you're psychokinetic," Alexander observes, "very impressive." I shake my head. "More like unbelievable..." "Nothing is unbelievable," Alexander says with a chuckle. I raise my eyebrows. "Seriously?" "Seriously," he replies. "How are you here?" I whisper to him. "My family..." "The Olympic Coven, I know of it," Alexander tells me. "I lived with the Denali Coven for some time—they taught me their way of life, and then it was time to move on." "You're a Nomad," I say. He smiles. "Guilty." "How long have you...?" "One hundred and fifty years, give or take," he replies. "I worked at the court of Queen Victoria as a servant to Prince Albert—kind man, truly, I was his favorite. When the prince got typhoid fever, he ordered that only I and his doctor, William Jenner, remain with him. When the end came, we were sent off, and the queen and his children were there when he died. I felt the symptoms myself and attempted to run, but it was far too late to do so. When I was found by an unknown Nomad who guessed the symptoms and transformed me into what I am." "Why do you think you got your gifts?" I ask him. He smiles. "Well, I suppose it was since I was always on time. Well, not always, but when I was not, I could manipulate the prince into not being angry with me." I found myself laughing at that. "That's quite funny." "I am familiar with your parents, Carlisle and Esme..." I felt myself warm to that—figuratively, at least—at the thought of Carlisle and Esme being my new parents. "Are you?" "Yes. I am going to come and stay with you and your coven. Tanya—the leader of the Denali Coven—has arranged it." I nod. "I see..." I hesitate. "How old were you...?" "Twenty-two," he replies. "You?" "Seventeen," I tell him. He nods. "Have any hopes and dreams?" I sigh. "Not many. The usual—husband, children, career. Well, best two out of three at this point, I should think." "Yes," Alexander says, snapping his fingers so as the classroom around us comes to life once again. "Best two out of three."