played with his. Tyler moved closer to her, clasping their hands tighter together, "So did I. Did you see Cullen's face? He was still standing there when we left." He snorted then let out a low chuckle. Bella laughed with him. "Was he glaring? It's all he does." She giggled softly as Tyler nodded his head. Slowly, he leaned forward, looking down on his delicate date, his eyes focused on her lips. Bella licked her lips before letting them fall slightly apart. She had hoped Tyler would kiss her goodnight. He had really nice lips. Tyler's mouth came down on Bella's soft but demanding. A contrast to their kiss earlier in the week when he asked her to the dance. His sweet minty breath was inhaled by her as his kiss seemed to consume her. Tyler let go of Bella's fingers to wrap both hands around her waist, palms wide against her back, holding her close to his body. Bella relished in his body heat. Alice hadn't chosen a wrap or cartigan so she was getting chilly standing on the front porch of her father's house. Tyler's kiss helped steal the chill away as a fire started burning in her belly. When his tongue demanded entrance, she moaned quietly into his mouth. His soft, wet tongue caressing hers. A throat clearing behind Bella made the couple jump apart, startled at the intrusion. Neither of them had heard the door open. Charlie stood in the doorway, shoulder leaned against the jamb, moustache twitching. His eyes were set to glare. Bella was really sick of people glaring at her. She rolled her eyes and turned back to Tyler, who stayed a respectable distance away, but never took his pale blue eyes off his date. Bella stepped forward and cupped Tyler's cheeks in both her tiny hands before popping up quickly and pressing a kiss to his pillowy lips. Tyler's eyes widened at the blatant claim in front of her father, but he smiled down at her, grasping her fingers one more time, rubbing his thumb along the tips of them. "Goodnight, Bella." He murmured. One more quick peck, this time on her cheek, Tyler turned and practically skipped to his car. Bella watched him drive away, a small finger wave when he glanced back. Turning toward the saboteur, she poked her tongue out and shoved past him to go into the kitchen. Eyes from the treeline followed her movements through the house, but the girl was oblivious. Charlie chuckled as he followed his daughter into the kitchen, watching as she rummaged for a late night snack. They spoke briefly about the dance, laughed off Billy Black's superstition, then parted ways to fall into deep slumbers. Bella dreamt of pale blue eyes and chocolate skin. Monday morning, when Bella parked her beast and hopped out of the truck in her customary ICB's, long sleeved henley, and dark skinny jeans, she wasn't too surprised to see Edward Cullen staring at her across the lot. What did surprise her was that he was not glaring at her. His expression was unreadable, almost intense, as he stared her down two rows away. Instead of playing into his little game, she headed straight into the school without another glance his way. By the time Biology class started, she had officially figured out that Edward was done avoiding her. He seemed to be everywhere. She assumed he had wanted her to go crawling to him, begging for his attention like any of the other yuppie teenage girls would. Hadn't he figured out by now that Bella was not a normal teenaged girl? When Edward folded himself gracefully into the seat next to hers at their shared lab table, she could have sworn he called her stubborn. She smirked. She got her stubborness from Charlie. Edward let loose a chuckle and passed her a note. She didn't bother looking at it. Crumpling up the note she lobbed it forward into the waste basket next to the teacher's desk. She gleefully whispered " swish " as it fell into the basket. Glancing sideways at Edward, she saw his absolute shock. His jaw hung slack, his eyes wide before they narrowed dangerously. Bella felt a breeze and her notebook paper fluttered. Looking down to smooth her papers from the apparent draft, she gasped when she saw the crumpled note sitting in front of her. Whipping her head to her lab partner, she hissed, "What the fuck is that?" Edward leaned nonchalantly back in his stool and looked innocently toward the front of the classroom. "I have no idea what you're talking about, Bella." Bella huffed and said, "Stubborn, indeed." Recrumpling the note that Edward somehow grabbed from the waste basket, she drew her arm back to toss it back where it belonged. Before she was able, it was snatched from her fingers. Her face flushed red and she glanced around, thinking the teacher saw her folly. Edward had smoothed out the note once again and placed it in front of her. Finally relenting, she looked at it. Perfect elegant script stared at her from the crinkled paper. " Stubborn. " Was all it said. Despite herself, Bella giggled then clamped her hand over her mouth, eyes darting to the front of the class. but the teacher was engrossed in grading papers, content to let the seniors mess around quietly. Lunchtime found Bella sitting with Tyler alone in the corner of the cafeteria. His fingers curled around hers as they quietly spoke to one another. She felt the hair raise at the back of her neck and looked around to see that all five of the Cullens had their creepy golden eyes on her. Superstitions my Aunt Fanny Bella knew. They knew she knew. She wouldn't confront them though. She liked Tyler and she wasn't going to give in to Edward's smouldering eyes or the temptation to card her fingers through his hair. She was stubborn, and she was happy to be.