a human—and Carlisle identified my body to the fire chief, my father, Christopher. When he heard the news of my death—although I'd been transformed—he was devastated. Your father and I went to see him on the night of my eighteenth human birthday, but it didn't do much good. Your father wiped his memory after the incident, so my father didn't realize he ever had a daughter..." "What happened to him?" "He married a woman named Melissa who worked at a restaurant in town," she tells me. "I look in on them sometimes—inconspicuously, of course. They had three boys—Mason, Desmond, and Harold—and couldn't be happier. Melissa bought the restaurant, and that, tied into my father's chief job, got them a better house." "So, they're happy?" "Edward says they're happy," Mom replies. "He is a mind reader, after all." "Did he tell you what happened in the woods?" "We heard you shouting," Mom says, "but we didn't see anything and Edward, surprisingly, didn't offer any information." "Okay. Oh, Emmett!" I call in a sing-song voice, and drop down from my bedroom again, my mother following. Emmett stamps outside, Rosalie behind him. "What?!" he demands. I run to the other side of the yard—Carlisle and Esme, Edward and Bella, Alice and Jasper, and my parents watching. "Try to run at me." "Excuse me?" "Run at me," I order Emmett. Emmett shrugs; his speed would clearly be the fastest of all of them, and as he ran, even I felt a little intimidated. "You'll be sorry," he warns. Immediately, I throw up my hands. "Back!" I yell, and the blast comes off my palms and hits Emmett square in the chest, hurtling him backwards and causing him to land, hard, upon the staircase of the Cullen house. Carlisle raises his eyebrows. "Telekinetic blast—very impressive," he says approvingly as he turns to Esme. "We haven't seen one of those in fifty years," she says softly. "You're gonna get it now!" Emmett says, running towards me after recovering. I let out a laugh and turn away, running into the forest. I hear Emmett's heavy footfalls behind me as I run deeper and deeper between the trees. I leap over the stream and over boulders as Emmett pursues me, and I soon discover that, as a newborn, I am the fastest and strongest in the house, which doesn't bother me a bit. I run faster and faster, leaping over another boulder, when suddenly an unfamiliar scent invades my nose. I stop dead in my tracks, and Emmett does the same. "What is that?" I whisper to him, noticing that Edward, Bella, and my parents have followed us as well. "Rogue vampire," Emmett reports. "I'll tell Carlisle," he says, running back off in the direction of the house. "You're the strongest right now," Edward tells me. "Can't get a read on who it is, but they mean us no harm." I nod. "I've got it," I say. There is a boulder a good ten feet high above me, and I scale it immediately, peering over the other side. I stand upon it then, looking around. The scent pulls me in, and I jump off the other side and make my way through those trees, just walking, so as not to potentially miss the scent. It smells nice, not wet dog-like, so even though Edward identified it as a vampire, now I was one-hundred-percent sure I wasn't inhaling werewolf. "Hello?" I call, still getting used to my new voice. "Hello?" "Hello?" the voice says, and I can hear it—hear her—just ahead. "Don't be afraid," I say, and step forward. "I'm not." The second being emerges, and she's far more superior in beauty than I am—she had raven hair and golden eyes, and she measures me up then. "What's your name?" she asks me. "Sarah," I reply, "Seraphina...for long..." The young woman laughs. "Rebecca," she replies. "How old are you?" I ask. "Nineteen, when I was turned," she tells me. "But I was turned five months ago," she tells me promptly. "How old are you?" "Twenty-one when I was turned," I reply, "I was just turned recently... Why were you turned?" "Leukemia," she replies. "You?" "Car accident," I tell her. "Nomad?" "Clearly," she says with a laugh. She inhales then, and I know she can smell the rest of them around the boulder. "Your family?" "My parents and their brother and sister-in-law," I reply. "Come on. May as well meet the family, right?" We scale the boulder together and land, firmly, upon the other side. "Mom, this is..." "Henrietta!" my mother shouts. Rebecca raises her eyebrows. "That's my middle name... What...?" My mother steps forward. "Do you have a birth mark on your inner arm?" Rebecca raises her arm, a deep brown mark looking like a blotch against her pale skin. "I don't know what to say..." "I'm your birth mother," Mom tells her. Rebecca steps forward—even her steps are more graceful and elegant than mine, and it sets my teeth perfectly on edge. "Nice to meet you." They stand awkwardly for a moment before the two of them embrace. "Wow... This really sucks. It's times like this where I wish I still had the ability to cry..." "What do you have the ability to do?" I ask smartly. Rebecca's eyes snap to me then, reaching out and cupping her hand beside my head. Then, she seems to be extracting something from my mind, which takes on the hue of pale purple smoke. She then seems to mold it—like someone doing origami would—and instantly conjures up a cat, which is exactly what I was thinking of. "I can take my thoughts or anyone else's, extract them, and mold them into reality." I grit my teeth. "Isn't that...nice?" I ask, and Edward looks away—he knows that I am less than thrilled to share my mother with someone else. We all troop back to the house together, where I'm sure Carlisle will have more use for Rebecca than he will for me.