on me and that this couldn't be an easy separation for him, but he'd agreed to stay in La Push for the weekend to avoid ruining the weekend for the rest of us. Not that Jake was a burden or an intrusion, but he and our cousins had a tough history. After he and the pack killed Irina's mate, she was furious and wanted to take her vengeance out all of them but Grandpa Carlisle hadn't allowed it to happen. The rest of the Denali clan had made their peace with that, but after Irina's death they didn't want to interact with any of the Quileutes—let alone have them in their home for their wedding—out of respect for their fallen sister. I missed him and wished he'd come but I understood. In the last few weeks, I'd been helping Jake restore an old Mercedes-Benz 190 SL in his garage and I wondered how much he'd gotten done without me. I wondered what he'd had for dinner. I wondered about everything he'd been doing since I left. I wasn't used to not talking to him and so far I didn't like it. I was only seconds away from falling completely asleep when I heard the door open. I opened my eyes to see a sliver of light breaking through the darkness with my mom standing in the door way. "Hi," I managed, sounding as tired as I felt. "Hi," she returned simply, shutting the door and coming to lie beside me. I rolled over to face her. "What's up?" "Your Dad said something about you wanting the teenage experience?" She asked, running her cold fingers through my hair. I stayed quiet. I'll admit, I was a little embarrassed to say it, but I did. I wanted to experience all that I could before my opportunities become limited. I know that I'll forever be partially human, but to what degree? I'm not at all upset that I will have forever with my family, but there is more out there I want to experience. I reached for my mom's spare hand and squeezed, showing her exactly what I meant when my dad over heard my thoughts. In the scene, I was in the passenger seat of a luxury SUV with four other guys—all of us in football jerseys—laughing and having a good time with the music way too loud. I don't know who they were, but they were my friends in this particular vision. I skipped ahead to a classroom, filled to the brim with students and one teacher lecturing about a nonspecific topic that I wasn't paying too much attention to because I was talking to a girl with long black hair. I cycled through several typical high school scenes and my thoughts began to get away from me. I was more focusing on what I wanted than what I wanted my mom to see. The final scene looked a lot like the end of A Cinderella Story . I was on the football field and scored a game winning touchdown. I pulled my helmet off and walked to the sidelines, where the cheerleaders stood. I was met halfway by an adorable, brunette cheerleader with short hair and strong arms, and we kissed as the rain fell around us. I wrapped my arms around him and… then the scene stopped. I pulled my hand away from my mom's and tucked it closed to my chest. She didn't say anything for a moment, only continuing to stroke my hair. I never talked to my parents about my sexuality. Ever. It wasn't something I wanted to talk to them about and I certainly didn't want to show them how I felt. I wasn't 100% sure if I liked boys or girls—though I had a good idea—and that wasn't a decision I wanted their advice on making. Jake and I didn't have any kind of romantic connection and I'd never thought about Jake like that. He's been like my brother and that's how I see him. I know, typically, Quileutes and their imprints get married and have a long happy life full of love but Jake and I weren't the typical imprint couple. Nor were we a couple. After what felt like eight years, my mom finally spoke again. "I'll talk to Carlisle about enrolling you in school, okay?" Thank god she didn't mention anything about the kiss. "Really?" I think I sounded more excited than I needed to be. Even in almost complete darkness she was beautiful. Her pale skin was as illuminated like pearls in sunshine and her hair fell in gentle cascades that framed her face and shoulders. We don't look much alike, aside from our hair. From old pictures she's shown me, we definitely have the same eyes, but I look much more like my dad. He and I share a jawline and the same size ears. It's comforting, really, to say you look like your parents when your parents are two of the most beautiful creatures on the face of the planet. "Yes, really." She returned. I had a million questions about that process. What grade would I start in? What would my locker number be? What would my schedule be? I had every question imaginable, but she didn't have many answers, which was understandable. I moved to give her an awkward, lying down hug and she returned it to the best of her ability before we said our final good nights and she went back downstairs. The room was quiet and dark again and my thoughts raced at a quicker pace than I could follow. As soon as I thought about one thing, it opened the door to another. I let myself play out several scenarios about how this situation could play out and each one made me happier than the last. My eyes eventually shut and I fell asleep, picturing myself with the blonde, male cheerleader, hand in hand as we walked down a hallway lined with lockers.