was just - " she stops, unable to find the words. Her eyes dart to her left, out the door, and I just know . I shove my beer into her hand, and then I'm out the front door, ignoring the sound of Rose shouting my name. I feel almost primal, and it scares me. I just know that she's out here, somewhere. She wanted to come, which means something. I don't know what, and I can't even stop to think. I have to see her. I'm frantic as I search the cars in front of the house, trying to find her. It's when I hear a car door slam that I turn towards my right. My entire body relaxes when I spot her standing beside a large, black SUV. She looks so beautiful, standing there in the dim streetlight, illuminating everything about her. I just stare at her face. It's when she cracks a smile that I take a step forward. "What are you doing out here, Edward?" she asks, her voice filling the space between us. "You didn't come inside. I had no choice." Her blush is strong enough that I can still see it in the light. She glances past me towards the house. "I did come inside," she admits; "but then I had to leave. I thought I could, you know, but... I can't." "I don't understand," I say. "And I hope you never do." "I don't know what that means." She shakes her head, but then she looks at me as if she's never seen anyone like me before. Almost like she doesn't think I exist. "Bella," I say. At the sound of her name, she closes her eyes for a moment. "I shouldn't have come," she says. "I should go." I step forward. "Wait." My voice cracks. "I just - will you just wait a minute?" She puts a hand out to stop my approach. "I just started here," she says. "I didn't come for this . I want to work hard, get a degree and make my family proud. My life is already hard enough without adding in everything else ." It's like she isn't even talking to me. "And then there you are with your stupid smile and your stupid eyes and your stupid hair." I frown, absently reaching up to my hair. She laughs lightly, before her face turns serious once more. "We can't be friends." I want to say something clever, like we could be more than friends, but there is something truly severe about her facial expression that makes me keep my mouth shut. Instead, I just stare at her, my mind already coming up with ways that I can convince her that she's wrong. She steps back, her hand dropping back to her side. "Did you manage to get those books?" I ask out of nowhere. She seems surprised by my question, or maybe it's just the fact that I've spoken at all. "What?" "The books on the Constitution. Did you go to the Law Library? Did you find what you were looking for?" Her head tilts to the side, as she regards me carefully. "I did, thank you," she says, sounding oddly timid. Then: "I should go." "Wait." She lets out an amused breath. "Edward, I really should go." I sigh. "Will I see you again?" "I don't think that'll be a good idea," she says solemnly. "I should go." I want to put up more of a fight, but she's clearly made up her mind. "All right." She smiles once, before she turns, opens the door and climbs into the backseat of the SUV behind her. She waves once before the door closes, and I stay on the sidewalk and watch until the tail lights disappear. I still don't know what just happened, but I'll have to deal with it later. Maybe Rose can explain what's going on with Brown-Eyes. When I get back to the house and step through the door, there are people staring at me as if I've just sprouted a third head. I move through the crowd that has stilled, heading towards the back of the living room where Emmett is standing with a somewhat shell-shocked look on his face. Rose is standing on his right, looking thoughtful, and I don't give a flying fuck where Alice is. "What is up with you?" I ask Emmett, taking my beer bottle back from Rose and having a swig, before I hand it back to her. "Edward," he says, his voice slightly strangled. "Why the fuck are you so calm?" "Calm about what?" "Bro, you were just outside having a conversation with her , and you aren't even freaking out! Are you high or something?" I frown. "I don't know what you're talking about." "That girl outside." "Oh," I say, smiling widely. "She's the one I was telling you about," I explain, glancing between the two of them; "the one I met at the library. I think I'm in love, seriously." Emmett looks like I've just told him that I love him . Or worse: that I love Rose. "What is wrong?" I ask, suddenly aware that people haven't stopped staring at me. "Fuck, McCarty, what is wrong?" It's Jasper who eventually tells me what I'm missing. He comes up behind me and puts a hand on my shoulder. "It's the girl, Masen," he says, his Southern drawl more prominent now that he's had a few drinks. "Oh," I say. "Do you know her?" "Everybody knows her," Emmett says. I don't know what that means. "But how? Bella's only a freshman." " Bella ?" Emmett asks under his breath, clear disbelief on his face. His jaw is practically touching the floor. Jasper chuckles. "Do you seriously not know who she is, Masen?" I shake my head. Jasper looks sympathetic, as if to say 'you poor, poor stupid boy.' "That's Isabella Swan, Lamb Chop," he says, using his preferred nickname for me; "the President's daughter."