been for her tear stained face looking up at me so hopefully and her wings, which stared fluttering in anticipation, making her scent reach me even faster. I still held her hand in mine and it felt like a thousand little shocks were running down my arm. You know that feeling when a part of you is starting to get numb and it starts tingling? That was what I felt like throughout my body. So, when I let out a strangled 'mine.' And proceeded to kiss the life out of her, I really can't be completely blamed? Right? Neither my dad nor Sue seemed to think so. I heard them darting into the living room from their spying position as soon as I leaned it. They didn't get here in time though cause I got in a good 5 seconds before I was completely manhandled out of the room. While being dragged by the scuff of my collar, I had the honor of seeing my mates face flushed bright red, lips spread apart as she attempted to get her breath back. I could see the shock on her face but also the pure joy in her eyes. She wasn't scared, I hadn't ruined everything. And that thought in itself was enough to keep a dopey smile on my face while I was getting shat on by my dad and Sue. Halfway through, one of them must have noticed I hadn't heard a single word they had said. After a long silence I saw my mates head peak through the door. That immediately snapped me back into reality I attempted standing to go and meet her but was roughly shoved back into my seat. I looked up dazedly at Sue who had, despite my size and strength managed to push me down, I must be really out of it. My gaze went back to my mate who was looking a little less red but still had that shining joy in her eyes. Only this time it was accompanied with a wide sheepish grin. 'I thought that maybe I should try saving Jake from the hands of your impending fury.' She giggled. It was such an adorable sound I felt my jaw crack open and my mouth become very dry. 'It really wasn't completely Jacobs fault, honest.' She added the last part in when she saw the adults looks of disbelief. 'I realize that it must have been very hard for him not to umm…' she skipped the words 'kiss me.' Looking too embarrassed to say them out loud. 'I had my wings out.' She continued. 'I should have realized that wasn't a great idea since it would be the first time he was actually meeting me… while conscious.' She added as an afterthought. 'I've been told that my wings have this smell, completely irresistible to my mate.' She said this while looking at me and I realized she had called me her mate. Billy had mentioned that he had told her I imprinted on her but he had said nothing about me being her mate. 'He actually showed a huge amount of self control before, when we were just talking.' The end of her sentence faded out a little, giving me the impression that she was thinking about me not being able to talk to her. 'It was my fault, I started fluttering them, involuntarily of course and our hands were umm, touching and someone also told me that that didn't help my mate much. So, he was only doing what felt right to him after all.' Then she added as another afterthought. 'I didn't mind it at all.' She said this while looking up through her lashes at me, a beautiful blush spread across her cheeks and nose. We stood there, staring in each others eyes when we were so rudely interrupted by my dad clearing his throat. 'Well, I can see that no harm was err done… so I'll just leave you guys to it.' He said, wheeling his chair around towards the door. 'Leave them to it? Leave them to what exactly? So Jacob can continue molesting her face!? She's just a little girl Billy! Am I the only one who thinks all of this is completely wrong!?' I decided to come to my dads rescue. 'You are completely right Sue, I'm very sorry about it but I couldn't help it. Now that I know how easy it is to lose control I'll be very careful next time.' I said giving my most sincere face. But I really did mean it though. Sue was right, my mate was still so young. It could never happen again until she was old enough. 'Good, at least there is one sensible man in this house.' She huffed, giving Billy a hard glare. She decided then that she would trust me and give me and my mate, I mean Storm; I really need to start calling her by her name, some time alone. And that friends, is how I met my mate. We had a great day together and the calm lasted the entire weekend. Little did I know though, that the real storm had yet to begin. That was really clever, I should write that down… XXXXXX Yaaaay! Okay guys so this is the first chapter DONE! It took less time than I thought it would… :D pleeease leave me a review telling me what you think and if you guys want this to be a chaptered story, I wanna know what goes on in your head! If you have any questions feel free to ask.J I really hope you guys liked this, I have great things planned for this story. I really appreciate every single person who takes the time out to read my stories. Question of the chapter: why do you think Billy knows exactly what Jacob must be thinking? Feel free to get creative :D Have an amazing day beauties, I love you all! See you soon3 -emeraldxxx