in Library Science, and promptly nabbed the position as this library's Director before I had even graduated. The town was so desperate to keep the place open they fronted me money for my apartment so I could move out here and get set up the summer I graduated and began to work. I enter the building, lock the door behind me, turn off the alarm and head into my office. It's only 7:30 and we don't open for another half hour, so I take the time to walk around the aisles and make sure everything had been left as it should have been the night before. My ten-person staff here is wonderful, including the two pages I've hired from the high school for afternoon help. Nothing is out of place. I switch on all the computers, then jump excitedly and race to my office to check my email. The new computers are coming today! Libraries are becoming more and more high tech, and my education proved that. Most of my courses revolved around understanding the basics behind technological programming so we would be able to understand programs as they evolve. My first day working here I realized just how backward the library was. We had a five person staff, two computers that were mainly for finding books, and almost no clientele. Within five months I had that changed. Twenty computers had been ordered, I had budgets reworked to hire three additional full-time employees and two part-time, and our patron numbers were steadily growing. I turned the huge second storage room into a resource room where we brought in guests, musicians, had book readings and signings, and a closet full of games like Rock Band and Mario Kart. All in all, I turned my little Library Main into a cultural center. We gained enough attention that a fundraising board was created for us, and with the money they raised it was requested that I order twenty of the latest and greatest computers to replace the original ones I had bought. Those had been purchased on a very small budget, and were outdated when they were set up. I can't be more excited today to get the new ones. I hear pounding at the front door and head out of my office. Kala, one of my pages, is standing outside so I open the door to let her in, then decide to leave it open. The other librarians should be arriving soon and we open in five minutes anyway. "Good morning! What are you doing here, don't you have school?" "Nope!" The redheaded teenager skips inside and heads to my office to hang her coat. She's pretty much become my protégé, having worked here for two years and deciding that next year she will go to college and earn the same degrees as I have. This, however, means I somehow ended up sharing my office with her. I don't mind as much as I probably should. She's become very much like a little sister. I follow her into the room as she continues. "Teacher conferences so we have the day off. I'm taking the week of Christmas off from work so I thought I'd come in today and tomorrow and recoup those hours. Wait, is that okay? Are you on a weekly or a monthly budget? Crap it's November so neither of those is okay. I'm sorry! I'll leave." She makes to put on her jacket again and I grab it from her, laughing, and hang it up. "I'm on a quarterly budget so it's perfectly alright if you stay. Don't tell anyone though, I can't have everyone thinking they can change up their schedules." "My lips are sealed! I'll start reshelving, just let me clock in." And with that she's minimizing my email window and pulling up the program so she can record her hours. I stare at her and smile, seeing myself – although a much less inhibited version. I couldn't capture a room the way she does when I was 17. Hell, I can't do that now! But I did work the same job she's working, and I had the same habit of getting all my work done early so I could hide in the bookcases and read the entire Young Adult selection. Kala doesn't know I know she does that, though, and I let her think she's sneaky. Teens need to feel badass about something. I clap my hands then pick up my coffee and head out to the front, after letting her know there are two carts waiting plus the returns outside. She tosses an "I know" at me and I chuckle, thinking that she must see me as a sister the same as I see her. At the front desk I see two of my librarians have shown up, and we already have five patrons milling around the floor. I say hello to the ladies at the desk and head into the resource room to begin clearing the space so the shipment can be dropped off. I'm excited, but it's going to be a long day. And I have a date. Hey all! Alright so this is an original story that I'm attempting to work into a Twilight fan fiction. I've been quite obsessed with Twi-Fics for a while now, so I thought I'd try my hand. I NEED reviews! I just want to know what people think. And I'm totally open to suggestions, criticisms, and critiques. Originally the whole thing was going to be in Darla's POV, but I feel like Killian needs to be heard as well. I'm having a little trouble catching his character through his eyes, so I need to sit down and have a conversation with him. Second and third chapters are ready, I just need to tweak them so at least chapter 2 will be up within the week. Likely this will be a once-a-week update - here's trying for Sundays. I look forward to sharing my daydreams with you!