too soon we were on the road again heading back to Forks for the New Year's party Alice had organized. The next day, Edward's siblings would go back home, but he'd stay another week or so. That was as far as his plans went, or at least what he told me about them. I figured the ball was in my court to make the next move. Edward dropped me off at home so I could get ready for the party. I'd found the perfect plum sequin dress with a short skirt and long sleeves while shopping in Seattle, and he'd be wearing a dark suit with a tie in a similar color. My mother could have been a professional make-up artist with how good she was at it, so I asked her to make me up after I'd finished styling my long hair, all swept over and secured to the side. I commented on how great we looked when we walked up to the Cullen's. It sounded like the party was in full swing already and a lot of people had arrived. We were greeted by Rose, as incredible as ever in a black and sparkly cocktail dress, which hugged her curves and her pregnant belly beautifully. I was soon stunned by the man standing in the kitchen with a beer in his hand and laughing with Jasper. My man. I had the perfect profile view of him in that hot outfit, but what I loved the most was what I knew now as his classic combo, the dark-rimmed glasses and the beard. He was the most attractive man at the party by a mile. I walked up behind him and circled my arms around his waist. "Hi, handsome," I said to his ear. He turned in my arms and pulled back to look at me from head to toe before whistling. "Damn, woman, I could forget about this party right now," he said making me laugh. "Same," I responded. I heard a throat clear behind me and turned to see my parents. Charlie looked between irritated and amused. He clearly liked Edward but wasn't used to his daughter being with somebody so openly, I guess. "Save me a dance later, would you?" Edward whispered to me before stepping aside to greet my parents. I talked to Jasper for a while before Alice found me and whisked me away to help her with various games and fashion awards she'd prepared. Tasty canapés were being served on trays, the wine was flowing and the party was easily a success. Sometime later, close to midnight, I was in the middle of a very important discussion with Bree and her friend Emily about how much cooler Merry Brandybuck was over Charlie from 'Lost', when Edward interrupted me in the middle of a great argument to check in his dance. I couldn't say no, obviously, so I excused myself and promised to settle the discussion with the girls. Bree giggled and told me to "Just go!" A few other couples, including my parents, were dancing in the living room which had been cleared out of the couches and tables to become a makeshift dance floor. Edward pulled me to one of the corners where we could create our own little bubble and a sweet, slow song I didn't recognize started playing. "This is nice," I said when we started dancing in an embrace. "You look beautiful tonight, Bella," Edward said. "You always do." "As do you," I responded, gently tugging his tie and kissing him. "I liked having you to myself this week. I hope…" he hesitated before continuing, "I hope you know how much you mean to me." "I do." "And…" He sighed. "This might be shitty of me, but I wanted to ask you to consider that job at UW, because I don't think I can be apart from you anymore." "Edward, listen…" "I know it's selfish and I'll be forever sorry about what I said the first time, but I know what it's like to lose you once, I don't want to do it again. I learned the first time." "Please, listen to me," I said before he could ramble on further and he nodded. "Look at me. I honestly think it might have been good. What happened…We were kids, Edward, we were stupid. We gave up too quickly, it never would have lasted." "I'm sorry." "I am, too," I insisted, taking his face between my hands. "But we got that back, that spark, and I'm not letting you go again, either." I let that sink in; let him calm down instead of spiraling into the fear of losing what we had all over again. I'd had that fear before, but not anymore. "I called my contact at UW yesterday while you were in the shower and accepted the job," I said. Edward's face lit up like the Christmas tree that was still up and next to us. "Are you serious? You're coming to Seattle?" I nodded, grinning and laughed at his expression. He looked ecstatic. "You just made me the happiest person in town!" He hugged me lifting me off the floor and spinning us while people were looking, some laughing, and Emmett even cheered. My mother was widely smiling closer to us. Edward kissed me once, full on the mouth and noisily. "I love you, Bella," he said before kissing me again and turning around yelling, "Everyone, this is my girl, Bella. I love her!" Another kiss and, "I love you so much." "I know," I said. "Me too. I love you so much." Right as the ball dropped at midnight, Edward and I were celebrating getting the love of our lives back with another kiss that would seal our future together. Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you .