her lap, her hands caressing my locks. "Mom, is that really you?" I'm astonished, I don't know how this came to be, me being here with my mother. "Where are we mom?" I look around but I can't seem to recognize my surroundings, I can't make out anything. I don't even remember how I got here, maybe I succeed in ending my life, maybe there really was someone in the house and he killed me. "It doesn't matter darling," As she continues patting my head delicately, smiling indulgently at me. "I miss you so bad mom," And I cry, I cry for the lost moments that I could've had with her, I cry for the hurt that I've been through, the hell that I lived after her death. As I hug her to me, I sob and I feel as if I cannot get her close enough. "Honey, I miss you too, every minute of every day, but it's how it is now, you have to accept it." "I don't want to accept it, I just want to stay with you," As I hold onto her even more. She laughs a little, and I cry even more, having missed that carefree sound. She takes my head in between her warm hands and says, "My Bella, you don't need me anymore, know that I'll always be around for you, wherever you are, I'll always be watching over you, I'll always be here," And she goes to touch me where my heart beats loudly and uncontrollably, "But you have your own life now, you need to take care of yourself my little girl, hurting yourself will get you nowhere, on the other hand, opening yourself up to life will take you to the highest, brightest places of your existence. And Bella, put that boy out of his misery, you both deserve happiness." "He does, that's why I let him go, mom," And I remember what happened, my tears start to fall again, as I fight for breath. "Bella, you deserve to be happy too, and that boy is willing to fight for you, so you need to fight back too, you love each other, so you need to make sure preserve that love, not many people have the chance to share such a bond." "Mom, I don't love…" And it's then I realize the extent of what I feel for him. I turn to look at my mom and she just smiles at me. I wake up with a start, breathing harshly into the silent night; I realize I'm still lying on the floor of the living room, my eyes damp from my tears still. It was a dream, I really felt as if it was all real, but it was not, I saw my mother, I hear all her words again, as vivid as she was in my sleep, I miss her more than anything, and that's when I know that my decision is finally made. ~DNS~ There's a light knock on the door and I know he's arrived. After spending the entire weekend home, deciding how to go about this, I finally called Edward about twenty minutes ago and told him to come by because I wanted to talk to him. I open the door and let him in. I take his hand without a word as we sit on the couch so we're facing each other. He's worried, I know that by the frown that mars his beautiful features, but I can't blame him. With me you can always expect the worst... but I want to change that. I can't let his bright light dim, I can't… "Promise me you will not say a word until I finish what I want to say," I begin. His frown deepens, and I smooth his forehead with my hand. The gesture calms him somewhat, and he responds with a simple "Yes," and a firm nod. "The reason I called you here Edward is that I want to lay my heart out to you, I want to say everything that I've kept inside for so long. First of all I'm sorry for what I've put you through, I really am." He tries to shush me but I don't let him. "And … if you still want to help me, I'm ready to take it, I want you to help me. I know you will and I know you'll succeed because you're really strong and you deal so well with my stubbornness." We chuckle through teary eyes. "I've accepted that you being here for me is your decision to make and not mine to take and I've come to terms with it and mainly because I want you to do it, you're more than enough Edward and I love you more than you can ever imagine, I love you Edward, so much, I thought I was not capable of loving after my mother died, but the intensity of my feelings for you is beyond anything I could have imagined. I think my love for you is what saved me. I promise you I will not run from it. I will not run from you." Before I can blink, I'm swept up in his arms as he's spins me around the living room, his laugh echoing through the house. And with that I finally feel secure, cherished and loved. But nothing compares to what follows. "Bella, thank you! Thank you so much for letting me in. I love you too, with all my heart." And as simple as that, he made me feel whole again. We poured every feeling we had in that moment, without even uttering a word. And as we kissed like there was no tomorrow, it was truly the beginning of the rest of our life. Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.