off his lap. "What? Why are you running?" "Because I haven't brushed my teeth in a week!" I shrieked. "I'm surprised my teeth haven't rotted out of my head!" Edward quirked his brow. "And you're going to deny me a kiss because you got stanky breath?" "Yes," I nodded. "At least let me brush my teeth." "Fine, but I'm not confessing," he grumped. I ran back to my bedroom. "You're ruining my moment!" I shook my head, wailing at how I looked. My hair was a knotty mess and my clothes were covered in stains. Washing my face, brushing my teeth and hair and putting on clean clothes, I went back into the living room. Edward was looking at the photos on my mantle from when I was in high school and unburdened by the realities of my sucky life. "You looked exactly the same as you did when you were in high school." "No, I don't. I was happy there," I said, looking at my prom photo with Mike 'The Newt' Newton. "My biggest concern was spilling the rubber chicken into my prom dress in that photo." "Not about this handsome specimen of a man pawing at you?" Edward deadpanned. "Don't tease The Newt," I scoffed. "He was a nice guy. With really unfortunate skin." "I'm one to talk. I think I had it worse than him," Edward said, wrinkling his nose. "The awesomeness of Accutane! Cleared my skin and now it's as smooth as a baby's bottom. When I shave." He put the picture back on the mantle, picking up one with my dad. "You look like him. Same coloring and bright smile." "He was my hero, but he was killed in a gun shoot-out between gangs," I said. "I miss him every day." "I can imagine. I miss my parents more than words can say. I'm lucky that I have Elizabeth, my sister, and my nephews, Tommy and Graham, but there are moments where I'd love to just call my folks," he said, his tone wistful. He put the photo on the mantle, turning to me and giving me a crooked grin. It was sad, but still beautiful. "Can I kiss you now?" "I don't understand why … I'm …" I never got finish my self-deprecating comment. Edward cradled my head with one hand and held me with his other. I moaned, my fingers twining into his soft, messy hair. His lips were tender, moving in concert with mine. This was different than the heated kiss from the Hysteria shoot. This was real. He was real and he was kissing me. I was kissing him back. And I wasn't freaking the fuck out. When that pesky need to breathe forced us apart, Edward's lips moved down my jaw and along my throat. I whimpered as his tongue trailed a path of fire along my skin. "Edward," I breathed. He kissed me again, but with more passion and fervor. We continued kissing for a few more moments before we were panting against each other. "Wow …" "Yeah," he said, his mouth swollen and his eyes nearly black. "There's more I want to tell you, but I don't want you to run away, Bella." "You told me that you're a virgin. That's a pretty big revelation," I quipped, my hands running up and down his heaving chest. "You're not secretly a woman, are you?" "No," he chuckled, his mouth pressed to my forehead. Leaning his head to mine, he held me close to his body and I could feel how much he liked our kiss. "During our time working for the douche, you've grown from a rival, an annoyance, to a friend, a confidante and something more. With those changes, my feelings have changed, too." He cupped my face, staring into my eyes. "I've fallen in love with you." "Even with my …" I whispered. "My past?" "Your past doesn't dictate who you are. I'll still see you as the most beautiful, amazing, snarky, intelligent, funny woman that I met at orientation, who pushed me to be a better advertising exec, to be a better man," he said, his eyes solemn, but filled with so much devotion. "It also makes you the strongest woman I know. I'm so proud to say that I'm in love with Bella Swan." Shock. I was in shock. And totally in love with him, too. I pulled his face to mine, kissing him with all of the power I had. He was the first man, besides Marcus and Aro, who I felt comfortable with. He made me feel like a woman and not an object. "I love you, too," I whispered against his mouth. He whooped, picking me up and holding me in his arms. "But, before you get all excited, what about our jobs? Volturi has a strict no fraternization policy!" "I told Aro and Marcus my feelings and that I was willing to resign," he said. "They wouldn't have it and they're changing the rules, if we want to explore this. I know I do and I hope you feel the same." "I do feel the same, but …" I trailed off. "You're in charge, Bella. You'll always be in charge," he vowed, his hands pressing mine to his chest. "This is yours. It would kill me to hurt you." "Then don't hurt me," I giggled, brushing my lips against his. My giggles turned into a full-on belly laugh. "What? You're kind of wounding my ego, Bella." "Our lives are imitating art and it's reminding me of a conversation that I had with Rose," I smirked. He moved his head to the side, his brow furrowed. "There really is a thin line between love and hate." He broke into a beautiful grin, kissing me again. Fin Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.