secret? Would he stroke my cheek and inhale shakily, as I prepared myself? Would he sound like he meant it, in a way to no one else but me? Would I say it back? From: TDenali To: BSwan Date: 8/22/16 Subject: Pay up bitch C'mon. I saw you both walk out of here together last Friday. And now you have a weird limp. Spill it, Swan. -T From: BSwan To: TDenali Date: 8/22/16 Subject: Nosy bitch Fine. But only because you've been there from the beginning and I still owe you after the last time I puked all over your Pradas. Sorry. I'll fast forward past the date, since you'd probably skip it anyway. We went back to my place and drank some water to sober up. We were on the couch when he made his move. This isn't surprising, but damn he's a good kisser. He knows exactly where to push and lick and taste, until my clothes became uncomfortably heavy on my skin. I felt like I had to be naked and feel his skin on mine, as tightly against it as possible. So I was. It wasn't perfect, but it was us. I remember digging into smooth, warm muscle while his hands left marks on my hips, thighs, and butt. His mouth traveled everywhere and I copied the same trails on his body, leaving behind small marks of my own. At some point, it wasn't fun anymore-it was excruciating. I needed him, and practically sobbed when he finally slid in. His eyes were almost black, the pupils swallowed whole, and I smoothed his straining shoulder muscles as he forced himself not to move, knowing I was still adjusting. When I finally nodded and told him it was ok, he clenched his jaw and went deeper. So much deeper. Needless to say, I totally get why you're so sex-crazed now. It's not like we had ten thousand orgasms or everything he did was super awesome, but damn did he try. At one point, he had my legs on his shoulders and it felt like we were both in some pornographic yoga/cardio fusion class. I don't think I've ever had an Orgasm with other guys before, since they usually finish before I do, but Edward held out like a marathon runner. He tried different things, at different angles, for different lengths of time. When it finally happened, I think I saw Jesus and gave him a high five. We slept until noon the next day, when we cuddled and split a pint of Half Baked. Which might have migrated from the container and consumed...elsewhere. Heh. Congratulations, Tanya. I'm officially as dirty-minded as you are. Not that Edward seems to mind ;) -B November 1, 2016 Wow. I don't know whether to be horrified or impressed. This was supposed to be your professional writing notebook? You barely wrote about work and only included a handful of WIP entries. If anything, this is proof of how deeply in love with me you were/are. I'm sure we'll have an interesting discussion about some of your observations (Grumpy cat? Really Bella?) but for now, I'll answer one of the outstanding questions that you never followed up on. Not that I blame you, since you've been too exhausted to keep up with journaling at night anyway. #SorryNotSorry. It was a Tuesday afternoon, and we were having lunch at that coffeeshop with those gingerbread cookies that you secretly love but say you can't have for stupid reasons. Yes, telling me it'll go straight to your ass is a stupid reason, Bella. If anything, that's just an incentive for me to secretly crush them into your coffee. We had both just finished lunch and you were talking about the next WIP entry. I can't remember what exactly it was, because I was too busy thinking of how to tell you. I thought about doing something with WIP, similar to what I'd done before, but this felt more private. I told our entire office how I felt about you because I wanted to, but the only person who needs to hear this, is you. I think you noticed me staring and being a little too quiet, so you narrowed your eyes. Your nose did that twitch, like a rabbit, as if you can smell when something's suspicious. You asked me if something was wrong, and I just smiled. This caused you to raise your eyebrows in alarm (thanks for that), and I leaned forward, grinning. "I love you," I said quietly but firmly. Falling in love is like experiencing the first snowfall of the season. You watch the snowflakes start to pile up the night before with a picture of what the next day will look like, but you don't get that childlike wonder or excited hope until the next morning, when you stand there and feel like you're witnessing something extraordinary, even though you know this happens all the time. "I love you too." Watching your face light up and soften, your lips automatically curl into a smile, as if it were a reflex? It was my Christmas morning. I mentally reached up to dog-ear the page we were on, already thinking of all the possibilities that lay ahead. I've been in love with you for a lot longer than you probably want to know, Bella. And while we're on that topic-I'm going to ask you what might be the most important question of our lives one day. And I hope that you'll say yes. From: BSwan To: ECullen Date: June 6, 2017 Subject: You're an idiot But yes. Yours, B From: ECullen To: BSwan Date: June 6, 2017 Subject: I'm your idiot Until death do us part. Make sure you have your draft in by 5 PM. Yours, E Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.