we were not particularly close, and as for my career and the people I know because of it, none of it seems too important now. I have lost touch with my school friends, and I have none in the world of cut-throat glamor. My agent is probably the only man who will miss me, if only for the lucrative commission he got out of my contracts. I ask myself again if this change is really bad, and if I should really go back (I don't even think of it as escape ) if I get a chance. There are other people here, though not many. They look after the horses and the grounds, and help with the maintenance of the house. None of them is particularly talkative though, and after a while I stop trying to elicit any kind of information out of them. They will probably report to Bella anyway if I am too open about it. Speaking of Bella, she is a very good swimmer. We compete frequently in the indoor pool, since the weather has become too cold for the one outside. One day I told her that she didn't need to wear the mask because of me. I wanted her comfortable in her own house. She gets me everything I want—clothes, shoes, more books, music CDs. I have been given a bigger and much better room too. When I developed a sudden liking for art, she provided me with all the material I could possibly need. When I proved to be terrible at it, she encouraged me and got me video tutorials. Rose has been teaching me to play the piano. I had lessons as a child, but that was long ago. Over the months, I have improved a lot. Emmett and Bella are good on guitars, and we frequently have musical sessions together. I don't know when or how it happened, but I feel attracted to Bella. At first I admired the strength she had shown in continuing with life after suffering so much, but slowly it became a physical thing. She has a marvelously toned body with tempting curves, and seeing her in a bikini makes me hard. If she notices, she doesn't say anything. One day, I give in to my desire and kiss her just after she has beaten me in the pool, both of us panting with the exertion of swimming ten laps nonstop. But that chlorine-infused kiss charges us, and in seconds our clothes are off and we are horizontal on a towel by the pool. Bella tells me that she is not a virgin, but she might well be, seeing the last time she had sex was in high school. She is deliciously tight and welcoming, and I barely last long enough to give her an orgasm. Having her writhing beneath me and moaning my name gives me a high I have never experienced before, and I realize that I have begun to care for her. Does that make me crazy? Perhaps. I don't care. From that day, I can't keep my hands—and other parts of me—off her. We spend our nights together, either in her room or mine. It is as if the passion she has suppressed for years has been unleashed. We experiment constantly, and since both of us are in good shape and Bella is extremely flexible, we can do almost anything the Kamasutra has in it. I am sure Rose and Emmett know, but they don't say anything. Except one morning when I am sporting a nice love-bite on my neck. Emmett winks at me, and Rose gives Bella a thumbs-up. But when we start canoodling on the sofa, Emmett makes a gagging sound and Rose rolls her eyes. Bella tells them it is payback for everything she has had to see and hear over the years, making all of us laugh. A few weeks later, Bella gets a message from Phil and tells me he gives us his blessings and will try to visit soon. And then she surprises me with a proposal. "I want to go for surgery again," she says as we are taking a walk in the garden, holding hands and appreciating the budding signs of spring. I stop so suddenly that she almost loses her balance and I have to catch her. Not that I mind. "Isn't that risky?" She gazes at me with her beautiful, deep brown eyes. "No more than all the other surgeries I have gone through." "But those were necessary, Bella. Why now?" "Because there have been major breakthroughs in cosmetic surgery in the last ten years, and because I want to look better for you." "If you want to expand your horizon, Bella, interact with your readers and enjoy your fame, then go for surgery. But don't do it just for me. I love you just as you are." There was a moment of intense silence, and then her lips twitch. "Did you say you love me?" The happiness inside me makes my lips curve upwards. "I guess I did. Maybe I am as loony as you are, my swan-bird." "Then we are perfect for each-other, aren't we?" She is laughing now, and so am I because I can't contain the joy in my heart. "I guess we are." She says she loves me too, and then I say it again because it sounds so good and freeing, and then we kiss and kiss. Finally she draws back and looks at me seriously. "I want to give you the world, Edward, and for that I need to face the world. I will go for it, one last time." "I want to see you spread your wings, Bella, and fly fearlessly like a swan. I will always be with you." Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.