she thought, word to word. And Edd fell a little more for her honesty. Isa didn't quite know what to make of the Trader. He was a quiet one, unlike her. He seemed content in his own head, so she gave up trying to converse with him. She thought about her life and went on with her daily chores. Even though he was quiet and kept to himself, it was nice having someone around. Isa enjoyed his company and the small conversations he initiated with her. She had been surprised the first morning when they woke up in each other's arms. She had never touched a male body intimately because the boys would've killed any Taican trying to smile hard at her, but more so because she had never felt so connected to anyone. The next morning, she wasn't as surprised, and the mornings after that she just got used to it. Maybe he didn't have anywhere to put his hands and was cold so he pulled me close? The storm seems to be letting up. Hopefully the Fheshi will dry out the slippery mud at the entrance. As much as I like having him here, I know Mr. Trader won't stay with me for more days than he absolutely must. Why would he? I have nothing to trade with him and he doesn't look like he needs an unskilled labourer. After some days, the storm did let up and Fheshi did dry the mud, but Edd never mentioned going anywhere. He seemed content to stay with her in the cave. For days, he helped milk the Paba and talked to her about her life. He also told her about his life before his move to the West. Isa often felt as though he wasn't painting a complete picture, but she never faulted him for it. She told him what he wanted to know and nothing else. Thankfully, he always seemed content with how much she shared. She loved how in tune he was with her thoughts. Lately, he was there when she needed him, for every small thing and big. She didn't even realise how much she had started depending on him until one day he walked out of the cave without a word to her. Her heart hurt like someone had stabbed her with a sharp knife. She then tried to convince herself that he wasn't meant to stay forever. He had never smiled at her. He had no reason to stay. That night when he came back, he had the biggest smile on his face. Isa didn't know what to make of it. She saw him carry in a bag of what appeared to be berries and fruits of different kinds. Isa had no idea that he had been missing fruits. I could've made some! Why didn't the foolish boy ask me to make some, instead of going to pick them and making me worry all day for him? And why is he still smiling? "You were worried?" he asked. "Of course I was! You wanted berries; you just had to ask for them. I'm Isa! I can make berries and fruits for you! How long have you been living with me? Do you not know I can do anything?" He gaped at her silently. "What? What're you staring at?" Isa realised that in her agitation, she had taken off her top, leaving her in just a thin chemise that only covered her breasts. She immediately rushed to put on a top. "And now I know why you can do the things you can." "What are you talking about?" "How did you not know? Why didn't anyone tell you? How did they let you out of their sight? You are what they're waiting for!" Oh Mother! He picked a wrong berry. He's lost his mind. Oh please let him not be poisoned. He can't die! "What are you going on about? You are making no sense!" she said out loud. "This! I'm talking about your markings, Isa!" Edd pointed towards her stomach. "Oh, them—what about them?" "You really don't know? You have the markings of the Just, Isa. That's why you have all these extraordinary powers. That's why you can do what you do. Oh no, and now you have Ratniks after you. This is not good, not good at all." Edd could hear Isa's amusement in her thoughts. She thought he was adorable for worrying about her. "It's not funny, Isa. There are dangerous people that can harm you." "No, Edd. Nothing can harm me. I'm Isa; I can kill a Taican in six different ways with my bare hands. My boys have taught me very well. Do not worry for me, but do tell me about this 'Just' you spoke about. Who is that?" And so, Edd told her all he knew about the Mystiques and the history of the Old War and the rebellion. Isa was furious to learn how the Mystiques had been hiding to save their lives because of the ignorance of the Taicans. She vowed to make the wrongs right again. She also vowed to never let Edd go, because not having him around the whole day had made her life darker than night. The realisation hit her out of nowhere. She dropped the spoon in her hand. I love him! I love you too! Isa's eyes snapped to his when she heard his voice in her head. And they were blinded by a flash of white light. XO "Did you see that?" Rori asked Met. "Lightning?" "No, this was something different." XO "What's that light, Li-Li?" Japp asked the smiling Li-Li. "It's the Light of love." XO Gar looked at Kat and they voiced their shared thought, "The Just has accepted its mate!" XO Mother smiled at Isa and Edd. Now the rebellion could truly begin. This is a sample entry for your reference and enjoyment. Entries are coming right after this. Show us some love. P.S. We love you.