declaration of love was honest and I believed him to my bones. The love I'd held in the deepest corners of my heart now threatened to overwhelm my body. I loved him, too. Oh how I loved him. But it didn't change the reality of my leaving in three days. It took all I had to lean back and look at him. Tears swam in my eyes again when I saw nothing but concern in his beautiful green eyes. Once again our timing sucked; now I needed to tell him how I felt and then break our hearts as I explain how I needed to leave him. "I'm not sad at your words, Edward. I've wanted to hear them more than I've needed to breathe. I love you, too. For so god damned long! It killed me to see you with Lauren and the others because I wanted to be yours. I just never thought you'd ever see me as anything more than a friend. I've always loved you, but fate always seemed to get in the way." I had to take a deep breath, my fragile heart was already crumbling. "Like right now, the Fates brought you to me only for me to leave. I'm leaving, Edward. You must've known what the party was for. In three days I am leaving for London for three years. I love you, but I have to leave." My voice cracked on those last five words. My heart exploded into a billion pieces and I didn't try to stop the tears from falling as I threw myself back into his arms. His arms tightened around me and I gave into the fantasy that I'd never have to leave the comfort they gave me. My soul railed at the cruelness of the Fates, to bring me my heart's desire only to strip it away. "Oh, Bella! It'll be ok, it'll all work out," he crooned. Instead of comforting me, his words only made me cry harder. I couldn't ask him to wait three years for me, that wouldn't be fair. "H-h-how?" I stuttered. "I'll come with you." His reply was so matter of fact it was absurd. "What? That's just crazy talk, Edward!" My tears stopped and irritation at his words made my skin itch. Pushing him away, I stood up to pace the room. "Come with me? That's insanity!" "Why is it insane, Bella?" The calmness of his voice did little to soothe me and the slight smirky upturn of his lips only angered me more. "Because! I'm sure you have a job, family, friends … a life back home. You just can't uproot your life for me. I won't let you!" A hearty chuckle wasn't the response I expected. Whirling around to face him, I watched as he threw his head back and laughed. Pain and anger surged through me. How dare he mock my feelings? A growl, low in my throat, rumbled out. "How can you find this funny, Edward?" The anger had evaporated, leaving me feeling devastated. My shoulders slumped in defeat as I tried to quell the need to scream. "I don't find this funny, Bella." I watched as he walked toward me, so self-assured and confident. His scent enveloped me before his hands captured mine. Lifting them up, he tilted my chin so we he was looking into my eyes. My heart sputtered and my body ached to wrap around him and never let him go. "I'm not asking you, love. I'm telling you. I want to go with you. We've wasted too many years waiting for the right moment. So I'm making this time, this place the right moment. Jobs can be found; families and friends can come visit. But you, there is no more waiting for you, I want you here and now." My head and heart warred with each other. How could I ask him to follow me across an ocean? But I wasn't asking him, my heart responded. What if Edward was right? What if we never got our perfect chance? What if this was our chance, as imperfect as it was, to finally be together? "You realize that this is completely crazy, right?" This time when he laughed, I laughed with him. "Maybe it is, but it feels right, I don't care." The laughter died and in its place a heightened tension. Edward's eyes went from mirth to desire in seconds. His eyes flicked from my eyes to my mouth and I couldn't help but lick my lips in response. So slowly that I thought I'd combust, he bent his head to mine. His warm breath washed over me and my eyes closed. When his lips touched mine, it was so light, a whisper of a touch, but I felt it everywhere. Nerve endings fired and shivers raced up and down my skin. My heart pounded and desire curled low in my belly. His kiss grew firmer, deeper. His tongue traced my lips and I granted him entrance without a second thought. The taste of him flooded my senses and I was lost to it. It was too much and never enough. We spent the night learning about each other, where we had been and what turned us on. When I woke, I was sated body, mind and soul. Happiness unlike I'd ever experienced flooded me and I reveled in it. Two days later, we were holding hands as the plane descended into Heathrow Airport. As the wheels touched down, Edward squeezed my hand and I looked at him. "I love you," he whispered as he kissed my temple. I shivered at his words. They were nothing but three little words, but they meant so much to me. They were the beginning of a whole new journey. Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.