a bakery next door?" "I like to bake for special people." I think to myself, 'I'm special.' We do the dishes together, sit on the sofa and get things begin to get intense. I didn't need to have my conversation. Bella makes it quite obvious what she wants tonight, and I finally see behind the screen. Her queen-size bed is warm and comfortable. She is my dream. As a premonition, she goes down on me like Déjà vu. The same ministrations, the same overwhelming high, and when I slip into her, the warmth and tightness are familiar. I can't get enough. No sooner do we get off, we are up again. My fingers link with hers over her head as I sink deeper within, at first, slow and careful hitting every sensitive spot. Her kisses are hungry and needy, and I quicken my pace. The echos of skin on skin vibrates throughout the room. I whisper into her ear, "I can't get enough of you." She whispers back, "Don't stop." And I don't. She's my addiction. Her soft skin, her special scent, and her willingness to give me everything. She is my one. The One-Year Mark I think back to my preparations for Tanya, and I laugh to myself. This time it's different. I want this. I clearly see my future and know this is the right decision for both of us. The manager of the coffee house arranges all my specific details down to the exact timing. I think I'll write a character for her in my next book. I glance at my phone, and my ray of sunshine should be at the turn of the street … right … about … now. Yes, she never disappoints. Wearing those tight jeans and a navy blue T-shirt with her converse sneakers, she has her hair falling over her shoulders and down her hips. Getting closer to me, taking off her sunglasses and placing on the top of her head, she reaches up for a kiss. "Good morning, my love." "Hey, my sunflower." "So what's the rush to get a coffee? I have to get ready for your book signing this afternoon. Have you forgotten?" "Nope, I just wanted to wish you a Happy Anniversary." I smile. "Aw, you remembered." She looks around. "Our first meeting place." She wraps her arms around my waist and hugs me close. "This was so sweet." "Come sit down at our table,and I'll go get your tea and my cup of java mud." She sits and I pretend to get our drinks, but walk out in a quandary. "Bella, they have a new herbal tea, do you want to try it?" She shrugs. "Sure." "Do you want me to bring you a sample taste or do you want a cup?" I see her cogs and wheels turning. "You know, I'll just come in and give it a taste. See if I like it." I mumble to myself, "She took the bait. Do I know this girl or do I know this girl." I keep the door open as Bella walks passed me and I see a hint of her expression from the side. "Edward Cullen, what did you do?" With her mouth wide open, she intakes the shop and every vase and clay pot filled with sunflowers. There are three-hundred and sixty-five for every day of the year we've been, no are together. She giggles and places her hands to her reddened cheeks. "Oh … my … God! There are hundreds." I offer, "Three-hundred and sixty-five." She turns to look at me. "Oh, Edward, this is probably the sweetest thing you have done. And you've done so many sweet things. Sunflowers for our anniversary. I can't believe you did all of this." I smile. "There is more." "More? You have given me a sunflower jungle," she excitedly declares. "Then, Tarzan has something else for Jane." I pull the box out of my pocket. Bella freezes in shock. I get down on one knee before her. "It has been three-hundred and sixty-five days with you, and I've know from day one that I would do this. My beautiful sunflower, Bella, you bring me joy, and you make every day bright and full. You give me encouragement to be a better man, you make me laugh, you allow me to make fun of myself when I have a stupid moment. You complete my sentences, and you're my personal thesaurus making my words even better. I can't imagine a day without you, and I choose not to find out what it would be like alone. I want to wake up to your cold feet and go to sleep with your warm body. I want to marry you yesterday and have babies with you tomorrow. Will you? Won't you? Please, be my wife." I hold up the ring. Bella kneels in front of me and wraps her arms around my neck. "You wonderfully crazy man, yes, of course." She lunges forward, and we both fall on the floor. "So wordy. So, sneaky. Please, put the ring on my finger." I sit up with Bella in my lap. Taking the ring from the black velvet box, I place it on her finger, a simple one-carat Tiffany setting in platinum. "Thank you, it's beautiful, Edward." She kisses me quickly and squeezes me tight. "I'm glad you like it," I say. "I do." I chuckle, "That's for later." She calms. "Edward, I love you." Our foreheads touch. "P.S. I love you." I kiss her with all that I am. The End … well, their beginning. P.S. Edward does write Bella a romantic novel. The title? The Sunflower. ~ TS ~ *French 75 - cocktail made with gin, sparkling wine/champagne, sugar/simple syrup, lemon (or some other citrus) Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.