by surprise when the door was flung open and a very flustered, scarlet Bella hurtled through it. So surprised were they, that they didn't have time to move away, which led to a collision between fleeing Bella and Emmett. She bounced off Emmett and into the wall. Emmett made a move to steady her, but the realisation that the Cullens had been spying on her intimate moment with Edward was just too much for Bella. "No, stay away from me," she asserted. "Keep away from me. I never want to see any of you again! Was this some kind of sick joke to you? Befriend the fat girl, make her think the beautiful man wants her and all the time you were spying on me and laughing behind my back?" Emmett looked crushed. "No, Bella. Please don't go, it's not like that at all! We all love you and we were just so happy you and Edward were getting on so well." Bella was aware of someone behind her, and she knew it was Edward even before he spoke. "He is telling the truth, Bella." She held up her hand. "Just don't… I can't, I just can't… I need to go." For the second time in as many days the Cullens watched as Bella fled from their presence. Arriving back home Bella made the snap decision to get away from Forks for a while. Maybe a few days away and a change of scenery would be the best way to put some distance between her and her humiliation. Running upstairs, she attacked her wardrobe with gusto, tossing her clean clothes onto her bed. When she went to search for a suitcase, though, she realised they were in the attic. Bella stopped for a moment, shaken by the memory of what had happened the last time she was in the attic; but she ploughed on regardless. Her humiliation was a much more motivating force than the fear of falling. She pulled the ladder down and began to climb. The Cullens stood bickering amongst themselves, each blaming the other for what had just happened—If Alice hadn't meddled, if Emmett wasn't so nosy, if Jasper hasn't overdone it with the lust and addled Bella's brain cells, if Rosalie hadn't suggested dance lessons, if Edward had been a little quicker and returned Bella's declaration—if, if, if! Dr Cullen decided to swing by the gym and see how Bella was doing. The whole family seemed enthralled with her, which warmed his long dead heart—he secretly hoped that his family would be good for Bella and that in turn Bella would be good for them. He swiftly entered the gym and was surprised by the cacophony of voices coming from his children. The arguments were rapidly reaching a crescendo and despite his best efforts he could not make himself heard. "Silence!" he finally bellowed. The five vampires startled and stilled in front of their sire. Not one of them had ever heard him raise his voice; not one of them had ever heard such rage emanating from this gentle soul. "Thank you all for your co-operation. Now would someone please tell me what is going on?" Everyone started talking at once. Carlisle sighed and raised his hands. "One at a time, please." Emmett stepped forward and opened his mouth to speak when he was silenced by an anguished scream from Alice. "Bella, noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!" She spun round to Edward. "You have to go. Take Carlisle. Please hurry, she doesn't have much time." I never gave much thought to how I would die, but falling out of an attic in a cloud of plaid and flannel for a second time seemed an even shittier way to go... Grabbing the largest suitcase she could find, Bella tugged it to the attic opening. Stepping back onto the ladder, she found herself wedged in the opening with the case, unable to move. She tried to wrestle herself free, breathing in and trying to push the case between herself and the ladder. She took another step down, but missed the rung she was aiming for. Bella realised that for second time she was falling out of an attic, and braced herself, thinking another broken leg may not be so bad. She landed awkwardly, banging her head against the balustrade, but her back took the full brunt of her fall, crushing her case beneath her. The rigid metal handle of the case tore through skin, muscle and bone, splintering her ribs and tearing her aorta. The moment Edward and Carlisle burst through Bella's front door, they could smell the blood; they could hear her gasping for breath. They hurtled upstairs at an inhuman speed, and Edward fell to his knees at the sight of her broken body. Carlisle assessed the situation with lightning speed. "Bella, Bella can you hear me? Bella what happened?" "Edward, love... Edward," she gasped. "No love me, need… to… go." Hearing the heartbreak in her dying words spurred Edward into action. He grasped her hand. "I do love you Bella, so much, please don't leave me!" He looked at his father who wore a grave expression. "We only have one choice son. We will lose her otherwise." "Bella, Bella can you hear me?" Her eyes flickered and focused on Edward, and he continued, "I promise to love you every day of forever. Do you love me? Will you stay with me?" "Love… Edward." Her breathy whisper was barely audible, but it was all Edward needed. He looked at Carlisle and nodded. They both lowered their heads—one to her neck and one to her heart—and bit down. I never gave much thought to how I would die, but dying to stay with the one that I love seemed a good way to go . Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.