barrelling back again. "What?" Masen laughs at my expression. And somehow his hand finds its way to the top of my thigh. The warmth of his palm melts my bones, turning them to jelly. "I brought you here to tell you I broke up with Tonya." I glance over at him, absolutely shocked. For as long as I've known him, there's always been Masen and Tonya. "Why?" His hand leaves my thigh. Along with the other one, it finds its way into his overgrown hair. He rests his elbows on his knees and groans into his hands. When he finally glances up at me, I feel the depth of his stare all the way inside my stomach. "Because I like you. And … it was me who wrote those letters." One song ends and another begins. I lick my bottom lip, repeating his words inside my head. Numb from the neck down. He wrote the letters? "What? But why?" Masen's forehead crinkles. "What do you mean, why? I thought it was obvious." "You had Tonya … She's a Kelly." "A what?" I suck in a deep breath, and release it with an exasperated groan. "A Kelly. Kelly Kapowski. Kelly Bundy. And I'm …" I wave my hand at myself, lost for words. I should just shut up. I sound so stupid. Masen's eyes light with understanding. His confused expression fades away. "I don't want Tonya. I don't want a Kelly. I want you." He puts his hand over mine. "I want a Winona. I can be Johnny." Chewing my bottom lip, I eye his stupid letterman jacket. "Johnny wouldn't be caught dead in that jacket." Masen sheds his jacket, but doesn't toss it aside. Instead, he drops it on my shoulders. And that hand of his finds my thigh again. "They've been broken up for years now, ya know?" I point out. "I heard he's dating some supermodel." "They'll get back together," Masen assures. "Winona Forever. Do I have to get Bella Forever tattooed on my bicep to prove it to you?" The mention of his bicep has me checking it out. I open my mouth to argue, but then he kisses me. Lightly and on the cheek. His breath is warm and smells like mint. I turn my face toward him, mostly out of surprise, an argument on the tip of my tongue, but he doesn't give me a chance to say anything because his lips are on mine. The kiss is soft and gentle, like a fond childhood memory. I close my eyes, feeling it everywhere, in my muscles, in my bones, dizzying and rushing, pushing out the self-doubt when his kiss becomes more persistent. I taste his tongue against mine, and it tastes anxious with strained containment. And I don't want containment. I want more. Been wanting it for a long time. Touching his face, I press my palms across the scruff of his jawline, working my fingers to the back of his neck and into his hair. I bring him closer, and he groans against my lips. The vibration of that groan reaches me in all the dark places reserved only for me, but maybe not as much so anymore. His eager mouth pushes me back until we're horizontal on his bed and he's nudged himself between my legs. I can feel him hard against me, pressing down to try and get closer. So close I think we might go through the mattress. But it's good. It's really good. I like the way his weight feels on top of me. I open my eyes to find his closed, concentrating on taste and feel. I can see his lips moving, a quick glisten of his tongue when it runs out to brush over mine. The skin around my mouth begins to burn, but I don't care. I just lift my head and kiss him harder. The hand on my hip slides up my side to cup my boob. I gasp against his mouth when he gives it a light squeeze and runs his thumb over my nipple. My reaction drives him on. He grinds against me harder, earning another muffled noise. The movement makes my muscles tighten, my breath quicken, and my heart race. My brain soon follows, buzzing as my body soars. I let out a low moan and he freezes, pulling his mouth away before I'm ready for him to. "Did you just?" he asks, a proud smile spreading across his face when I look away without answering. He follows my face and I turn my neck the other way only to have my jaw caught by his hand. "Hey, don't be embarrassed. I loved the way you let go like that. The way you moved beneath me just now. The noises you made. It was hot." Hot and I don't necessarily belong in the same sentence. Not like Masen. Not like Tonya. But somehow being with him right now makes me feel like maybe we do. Masen lets go of my chin to play with a curl in the end of my hair. I get brave and run my fingers through his. He closes his eyes, purring like a kitten. I smile at the pleasure he takes in my touch. The pleasure I take in it. And let him lie on me until the sun sets and it's time for me to go. He takes me home with no argument, proving that when Masen wins he's pretty easy to get along with. Pulling up to my house he kisses me on my cheek. "Pick you up in the morning?" he asks, playing with a string of my hair. "Yeah." "And we're still on after school tomorrow, right?" I nod, pulling the hair from his hand. "It is Monday." Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.