the mattress in the bedroom. I was sure that if there was anything to be found, they would have already done so. I prayed that they hadn't hurt Edward in the process. "Seth," I called out. "This is hopeless, there's nothing here." "Hang on a sec Bella. I think I've found something." Seth called from the bedroom. Rushing into the bedroom, I found him holding one of the drawers from the bedside table. He held it out to show me something attached to the bottom of the drawer. It was a SIM card from a cell phone. With a little investigation, the following day Seth and I managed to get a new phone, allowing me to make a call to the only number I found on the SIM card. It rang once, twice, three times before a light, feminine voice came through the speaker in a whisper. "Edward?" she said, "Where are you? What's going on?" I felt my body relax immediately, even though I had no idea who was speaking. Just the fact that whoever it was, knew Edward eased my anxiety for the moment. "Umm … this is Bella. I found this SIM card at Edward's house. He disappeared a few days ago, and I'm getting worried about him. The house where he was staying has been trashed, and I don't know what I should do next. Can you get in touch with him to let him know what's happening? What should I do?" I rambled on. "Who are you to Edward? How do you know him? How did you get this number?" the voice answered suspiciously. "He wouldn't give it to just anyone." "I know. We met around two weeks ago and have spent some time together." I said nothing about how close we were the last time we were together. "He was supposed to meet me on Saturday morning, and never showed up." "Where are you calling from?" "Jamaica. I live here, and Edward was staying a few miles away from my bar." There was silence for a moment from the other end of the phone as if she was trying to work out whether they should say anything more. "I care about him, and I'm really worried," I blurted out for the second time. There was a sharp intake of breath and then a rush of information as if she had made a sudden decision. "I'm Alice Cullen. Edward's my brother, and because of some unfortunate events, he had to leave home and seek safety elsewhere. I've heard nothing from him for over a month now since he left Seattle, and he would never tell me where he was. He said it was too dangerous for me to know." She continued, suggesting that I should stay where I was to wait and see if Edward returned. In the meantime, she would speak to her dad for some advice; he was the one she trusted would not do anything to hurt Edward. They were both absolutely convinced of his innocence. "He would probably tell Edward to come home and let the legal system work its magic, and that an innocent man has nothing to fear, but there is just so much evidence against him right now." She paused. "I really think we need to start looking for more proof or something, anything that will shed some light on what actually happened." "Should I get in touch with you, Alice, if he comes back?" I worried. I didn't ask more about the unfortunate events; that would be up to Edward to tell me. "Good idea Bella," she answered. Giving her my cell number, I continued, "Edward and I didn't have a lot of time together, and we never got to discussing anything personal; we were just at the getting-to-know-each-other stage. I did feel like he wasn't telling me everything, but I had no idea that it was something serious." I said nothing of the connection we had made or how I felt about him; that was private and until I saw him again I was determined to keep that to myself. We spent a few minutes going over what we had discussed, but with nothing further to add for the moment, we said our goodbyes and ended the call. Seth and I sat there for a short while, digesting the situation before he spoke up. "Bella, are you sure you want to get involved in this? I know this Alice sounds real nice, but she's his family. We only have her insistence that he's innocent, and we just don't know enough about him to make a judgment call." I sighed heavily and had to agree with him. However, my gut instinct told me that Edward was not a bad person. "Well, for now, I think we just carry on as we were before and wait for Alice to contact us if anything changes." With that, Seth rose to leave, asking me if I was okay to stay by myself. I assured him that I would lock all my doors and windows, and would keep my phone close by to call him if anything happened. When he had gone, I got ready for bed, falling into a light sleep filled with nightmares of being chased by shadows. Waking at six the following morning, I felt as if I had not slept at all, and dragged myself out of bed for my usual morning run. I felt a little better after a hot shower and decided to get back into my daily routine. There was nothing more I could do for Edward right now, so I would just have to hope that something changed soon, since those words of 'I love you,' played on repeat in my head and tugged at my heart. Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.