move in, it came out like a question. Again, Bella laughed before scrambling over the couch to get to me. She straddled my lap before planting kisses all over my face. "My answer will always be yes." I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth to mine carefully. I was ever so wary of her neck injury. "Really? You won't go back to the dorms next year?" "No, Edward. I love you; I want to be with you." "I love you, too." Then I smirked. "Time to celebrate." I picked Bella up by grabbing her butt, making her giggle and wrap her legs around my waist. I then make my way to what was now our bedroom. We fell into bed in a fit of laughter before turning into kisses and groping. I slipped her shirt off over her head before removing her bra and kissing every inch of skin I revealed. Before I could take a nipple into my mouth, she unbuttoned my shirt and pushed it over my shoulders. "Off," she groaned. "Get it off." Once it was gone, hands roamed free, and I took her left nipple between my fingers and sucked the right into my mouth. Bella moaned again as her hands made their way into my hair to pull on it while she pushed on my head to get me closer. Once I'd had my fill of her breasts, I kissed the valley in between making my way to her navel where I kissed all around it before laving it with my tongue, making my girl moan in want. "Please, please, please …" "Please what, baby?" I asked as I undid the button on her jeans and slipped them down her legs. "What do you want, sweet girl?" "Your mouth, please …" "Anything, Bella," I breathed before I grabbed her underwear with my teeth and pulled them off. I looked back up to see her looking right at me. Lust was undisguised in her gaze but swamped with nothing but love. "I can't wait to taste you." "Oh God …" I smiled before slowly pushing her legs apart. "I love you, beautiful girl. Let me take care of you." "Yes, please," she moaned, arching toward me. "Yes, please! Now!" I groaned as I licked her from bottom to top and sucked on her clit when I reached it. "You taste so good." Bella moaned my name as she wound her fingers into my hair. I wanted her to feel all my love for her, but I wanted to bring her to a shuddering climax. "You are going to come so hard for me, love." I used my fingers to find the one spot inside that would help build her up fast, then I slowly brought her down. Over and over again, I built her up only to bring her back from the edge until she couldn't stand it anymore. "Please, please, please, please … now." I brought her back up once more and held her on that edge. I could see this climax was going to be explosive, that she was going to be feeling the effects even when I was moving inside of her. "Come for me, baby. Come now." I sucked hard on her clit while pushing on the spongy spot inside her and reaching up to pinch a nipple. All of it combined caused her to climax so hard I thought she was going to pass out. I didn't touch her as I crawled up the bed because I knew in this state any stimulation would set off another orgasm, even if I just ran my fingers down her arm. I watched as she relaxed from her arched position and struggled to get her breath back. I was hard, I wanted her, but I'd wait until she had calmed down first. She slowly opened her eyes, struggling to get them to focus before she turned toward me. "Hmm, thank you," she breathed. "Anytime, gorgeous." "I know. Now come here; love me." I rolled on top of her, noting the tremors that still wracked her body. "I will always love you. Always." "I know. It's the same for me," she replied as she wrapped her arms and legs all around me, urging me to slide into her. Which I did, willingly. I loved her with everything I had. Moving inside her with both slow and hard strokes, shallow and deep thrusts, fanning the flames and building us up to a full body experience. Bella moaned. "I'm so close." "I can feel you, baby. I'm right there with you." I laced my fingers with hers on either side of her head, pushing up on my knees to give me more access to thrust faster and harder. "Now, Edwaaaaaard. With me nooooooooooow." "God, yes!" I thrust hard two more time before we both came together in an explosion of curses and moans of each other's names. I collapsed on top of her, then looped my arms around her and rolled so that she was on top of me. "Not, God. Just me," Bella panted, making me snort. "Always you," I panted. Then waited until I had regained my breath before I spoke again. "I can't wait for you to move in." "Me too. But considering how much we've got coming up in the next few weeks, I'd say wait until the dorms shut for summer break." She saw my pout forming and giggled. "Don't worry; I'll stay here though. I don't want to go back." "Good," I growled before I leaned up and kissed her on the mouth. "That, right there, is something else worth celebrating." Bella's giggle turned into a moan as I continued to run my hands all over her. Essentially starting round two. Hosts note: Please leave the author some love. Reviews are encouragement. In case you have an idea of the author's identity, please do not disclose it in the reviews or anywhere else. P.S. We love you.