words disappeared. "And I'd do it again." He added just to piss Edward off. "Well," Carlisle started as he sat down with his wife. "It would have been more of a problem if it had been a human you killed, as it's not, then I will hope that you took the only course of action you had available to you." "Right." Emmett replied not really sure what he was agreeing with but what was done was done, it wasn't like they could change it now. "That's it?" Edward whined in disbelief. Carlisle sighed as he stood again taking Esme's hand in his own. "What more should I say Edward?" Scowling and unable to respond Edward growled and stalked off to his room, slamming the door loudly as he went. "I worry about him." Esme muttered quietly as she shoot a glance at the stairwell as Rosalie returned. "How was your trip dear, aside from the encounter with the nomad?" Rosalie shrugged as she sat next to her husband. "Alice seemed to enjoy it and we all now have new clothes for the start of school on Monday." "And she wasn't too upset by the scene with the vampire?" Carlisle asked. Rosalie rolled her eyes and picked up the nearest magazine in reach to start flicking through. "You seem to forget how she met Jasper." Jasper paused with a chess piece in his hand, finding himself having to contribute to the conversation as eyes turned to him. "Alice is…special." He informed them awkwardly. His own history with Alice extends beyond the rest of the coven having been the first to meet her a few years ago. He had come across Alice and her father arguing in a parking lot late at night in a small town in the South as he went hunting. He had been drawn by her screams and had gotten there in time to see her pleading and begging with a man twice her size and build only to be struck repeatedly and shoved into the back of a car. Jasper hadn't even thought, just reacted on instinct as he raced over in anger and drained the man dry before dropping his lifeless body to the ground all in full view of the girl in the car. They had stared at each other for a long moment before Jasper had opened the door and extended his hand in invitation. "Come with me." He had offered and then she had placed her hand into his and followed him away. They had travelled as brother and sister for almost a year before Alice had a vision of the Cullen's and Jasper allowed himself to trust Alice enough to once again becoming a member of a coven of vampires. That was almost two years ago, and he had been rewarded for his trust in Alice when he had encountered his mate less than four months ago. Bree, a newborn who seemed to rebel against her own instinct to kill, even shying away from killing animals until her need grew too strong. Which reminded him that he had someone waiting for him in his room with plans to spend the next day hunting before they were forced into pretending to be high school students once more. "Now if you'll excuse me, Bree and I are going to do some hunting" He said politely and stood up and left the room. "See, no big deal." Rosalie continued informing Esme. Carlisle sighed and nodded. "In any case we will have to keep a close eye on Seattle for the next few weeks just to be certain." "Sure thing Pop." Emmett said as he continued on with his game unconcerned. Rosalie shook her head as her 'parents' disappeared from the room and she could read in peace. xxxxxxx Having been successful in her hunt Bella had returned to the parking lot just in time to see the girl leaving to return to the mated pair she had left to have sex in that back alley. Being careful to remain undetected she had followed behind the car and become suspicious of the identity of the vampires given the direction they seemed to be travelling in but her thoughts had been proven correct when they had passed through Forks and stopped at a large house on the outskirts of the town. She'd know exactly which coven she was looking at even before she had climbed into a tree and witnessed Carlisle enter into the room. This was the Cullen's. The Cullen's by law were a coven that had several restrictions placed upon them by the Volturi given that they spent such a large amount of time among humans, but also because of Edward's gift was one Aro had taken special interest in. The rules were that they were not allowed to turn a human, and they were not permitted to increase the size of their coven. Now Bella was truly in the middle of a problem because as she made a circuit of the building she learnt not only had the Cullen's increased their number with the blonde curly haired male and a young looking female, they had the human girl living with them. And turning her would break both laws. Bella listened in to the conversations then slowly headed into the forest, she had some thinking to do. She had a very good idea as to why she was so drawn to the dark haired Alice but she wouldn't be sure until she could meet her face to face, and that would take a bit of planning as now that her hunt was complete she was expected to return home. And that just wasn't going to work now. xxxxxxx AN/ New story, another Bellice although I am very tempted by a Bella/Rosalie or Bella/Jane pairing so who knows which one I'll pick next. This fic will only be about ten chapters long, which I'm sure will no doubt please a few of you out there :D