and I don't realize it until several pairs of eyes the color of gold flicker in my direction. Something primal and wild stirs, the overwhelming urge to kill them spurs on. However, the more logical side reminds me I am in a high school and murder is still illegal. They watch me with a strange intensity, perhaps I convey the same. I turn away, trying to focus on my novel. When suddenly, I hear the cafeteria doors open again. I look up to see the duo I've heard about all day strutting through the room when they pause dramatically. I cock an eyebrow then grimace when the dude who doesn't own a brush stares intently at me. Something registers on his face and my ears perk up as leans closer to the beyond-average girl beside him. I don't see why there was such a fuss about her; I mean, she's not ugly, but she's not exactly… well, any of the people in the center of the room. I watch them from the corner of my eye as they rush over to the table of pretty people, their scent wafting over to me. I refrain from gagging; they smell like death well-done. "I can't hear her thoughts; it's just static." My eyebrows come together in confusion; how would he know what I'm thinking? What, is he like, a part of the X-Men or something? "I didn't see her coming either." Oh, shit; someone alert the media: we've got a five-cent fortune teller on our hands. Yeah, I think I'm going to call bullshit… then again, those eyes are crazy weird… "Maybe we should go talk to her," someone suggests, but I certainly don't want anyone talking to me. I send off my best 'back-off' vibe and bury my nose in to my book. For some strange reason, I still hear her get closer, her boyfriend's scent tags along as they approach. Moments later, seats slide out in front of me and I glance up with irritation. The girl offers a smile, but it slips as I narrow my eyes at her. Awkwardness pours off of this chick like the smell of stale blood and dirt from the man beside her. I fixate my line of sight on him, not blinking, as he does the same. "Hello, I'm Edward Cullen, this is Bella Swan, and we came over to welcome you to Forks." He says, his tone much kinder than the look in his eye. "You're a little late; welcoming committee over there already got to me." I say, nodding over to a table of teens who stare openly at the exchange. Nosy assholes. The dark-haired girl with the skin of an albino glances back, a look of recognition passing over her face. "Oh, that's Jessica. She's not bad." "She's not good either." I dip my head back in to my book before I notice Edward lean over to her. He whispers in her ear for a moment, but too low for me to catch. She looks surprised for a moment before slowly standing and nodding. Edward glances at her reassuringly before looking back at me. The mood shifts dramatically. "Do the others know about you?" "I don't know what you're talking about, but I'd appreciate it if you'd keep your freaky eyes fixated on your little admirer over there," I pause before crinkling my nose, "And maybe investing in a different cologne; you smell like a funeral home." A large burly dude from across the room booms with laughter and I glance beyond Edward to see he shares the same strange eyes. Someone shushes him and for a minute, I consider them having superhuman senses too. Something tells me I should know what they are, though no pieces fall in to place. I'm left with a blank. A lot of blanks, actually. Edward nods slowly, "I'm sorry to have offended you; that was not my intention." "I'd prefer you keep me out of your intentions, worry about your own secrets, and we won't have a problem." Glancing at me, Edward stands up and pushes in the chair. "I'm not the only one with secrets." He pauses for a moment, his eyes going completely focused before he lets out a calming breath. I watch as the color flickers from amber to carbon powder and back again. I shoot up from my seat out of reflex, prepared to defend myself. The chair scrapes along the floor, the cafeteria falling silent. Edward quickly looks away, blinking rapidly. "Like I said, worry about your own secrets." I snap, snatching up my crap and storming out of the cafeteria. Third-Person Edward returns to his table, glancing between his family with a look of concern on his face. They all await his response on what happened patiently. Bella's eyes are wide with confusion as she is the only one who didn't hear the conversation. "Well, what'd she say?" Emmett demands. Edward looks out the window as she saunters off, perplexed by the new girl. "I don't think she knows anything about us… or herself for that matter, but her instincts tell her not to trust us. I'm almost certain she's a shifter, but she could be a Child of the Moon. I can't be sure unless I get in her head." Jasper tags in, "Her emotions are incredibly strong. She was confused and enraged by us, but she kept control. It's quite impressive, actually." "Well, I guess that explains why I didn't see her coming… When should we tell the Quileutes?" Alice questions. Bella sits up straighter. "Jacob said he was stopping by with his dad tonight. I can tell him then." Edward stiffens and tights his hold just slightly on the human girl, but says nothing. He nods, "Perhaps, I should join you tonight; I'll tell him. He can pass the notice on to Sam." Emmett grows bored with the incident, now that it's calmed down. "Well, that's settled. Who wants to go hunting after school?"