they happened to stop in front of your house." Unbelievingly, I turned my eyes to him. Holding his hand in place, I moved my face away quickly, scoffing. "Yeah, because that's the story we're gonna go with when we don't want people to think we're crazy." He simply shrugged and threw a dazzling smile at the old woman, dropping his hand at what he saw. Curious to see just what shocked him, I turned only to notice the mystefied look upon her face. "Blue fairy lights, you say?" I nodded. "You know them?" I asked, unable to keep the hope out of my voice. Completely ignoring my question, the old woman squinted her eyes and gestured to Carlisle and I. "You've both seen them?" Pssh, rude. He nodded, giving me a quick glance. "Yes. They actually caused us to bump into each other." The woman hummed, pursing her lips. "What? What is it?" Ignoring the question once more, the woman opened the door wider, gesturing for us to go inside. "Come, come quickly. There's much to discuss." We both headed for the door at the same time, effectively bumping into each other, causing us to grab out for the doorframe and each other. "S-sorry," I stuttered, "we're a bit drunk." I slapped my palms over my mouth. "Wait, you weren't supposed to know that!" She shot me a smile before turning to walk into the cabin. "That's quite alright." As I managed to steady myself and follow her through the door, sensing Carlisle behind me, I could have sworn I heard her mutter, "Even better." There was suddenly a loud thump and my entire front was overtaken by a stinging sensation. However, I paid no mind to it as I looked around at the trinkets that littered the small front room. "You have a lovely home," I stated, surprised at the slightly muffled tone of my voice. The old woman laughs, and I squint suspiciously. "It would look even lovelier if you weren't face-down on the floor, dearie." I heard her walking around me and listened as her footsteps gradually faded away. Looking up, I made eye-contact with Carlisle as he stepped around me as well, laughing at the glare I sent him. I watched as he walked to the couch in the center of the room, sitting down and making himself comfortable. "She is right, though," he called out, "you do have a lovely home." Once again pushing myself off of the ground, I decided to join Carlisle on the couch. I plopped down next to him, and we waited for the old woman to return. She soon does, carrying a small, wooden box in her hands. "Yes, thank you. Unfortunately, I don't get to enjoy it as often as I'd like to, as I do my fair share of traveling." Trying my hand at asking another question, I turn to her. "So, why did the blue fairy lights lead us here?" I paused. "And what's that in your hands?" The woman ignores me, again , instead turning to ask Carlisle a question. I flung my hands up in exasperation, letting them drop hard onto the couch. I might as well be invisible with the way this was going! Deciding that two could play her little game, I crossed my arms and childishly looked in the other direction. "You are vampiro, yes?" Well, that was unexpected. I swerved my head back to look at them, holding in a giggle at the shocked look on Carlisle's face. The old woman seemed to have no qualms and smiled, continuing. "Stregoni Benefici, I've heard many stories about you." Ignoring his incoherent stuttering, she turns to me as I let out a loud snort. "You, not so much. BUT! I sense many a great thing for you." Gee, thanks. Shaking my head, I leaned back into the couch. "It's always the quiet ones, eh?" Vaguely hearing his spluttering, I rolled my eyes at Carlisle's display. "Oh, get over it. She's all magical-y," I twirled my fingers in front of me, "of course she knows what you are." Blinking twice, he leans back as well. The images around him started to get blurry, and I sighed heavily in content. I could feel my eyelids starting to droop, however, I was shaken awake before I could fall over the brink. "Whazzat?" I sat up quickly and rubbed my eyes, leaning back once more. "I asked if you wanted to get married." Staring into Carlisle's eyes, I felt lethargy wash over me again. At his question, I fell silent. 'Did I want to get married? I guess I really don't have a choice; it's the only way Edward would ever turn me. If I'm going to be a vampire, I might as well have someone to keep me company for the rest of eternity, right?' The longer I looked into his eyes, the more they reminded me of Edward's. I watched in awe as the honey blonde hair morphed into bronze and the carefree look upon his face turned into one of distraught. "Bella?" The Carlisle/Edward hybrid suddenly asked. It was certainly odd to hear Carlisle's deep, soothing voice come out of Edward's boyish visage. I could only stare in shock as I answered. "Uh, sure, I guess." Edward's pained expression suddenly melted into Carlisle's hopeful gaze. "Good. I'm glad." I drowsily watched as he turned back to the woman once more. "He'll be overjoyed." As I was pulled into the dark abyss, there was only one thought that ran through my head: What the hell did I just agree to? –- And there's the rest of Chapter 1! I'd just like to take the time out to thank all the people who have Favorited, Reviewed, or Followed this story so far, so thanks very much to: - Harry Albus Potter Dumbledore - Beertjes - mum2shane Once again, thank you so much, and I hope you enjoyed the revised chapter! Don't forget to R&R! Happy Reading!