he never let me be anything but Lois Lane. Ed-Edward always thought that I would be giving up my soul if I became like him. So he left me human. His brother, the newest to the animal diet, attacked me on my eighteenth birthday..." Here, she shivered, as if recalling this memory. I remained quiet and still, not wanting to upset her. If she needed to vent to me, I would let her. But why did she trust me? I didn't follow the diet of her ex-boyfriend and his family. To her, I must look like a monster. I guess I am one. But I did my best not to be. "I got a paper cut from opening a present," she laughed hoarsely, although it held not a trace of humor. "It seems like such a little thing, right? But the blood made his brother attack me, and Edward blamed himself for it. He said I wasn't good for him anymore, and he left me here alone. That was so many months he was with me, and for nothing. I should have known I could mean nothing to someone like him." "Someone like him?" I raised an eyebrow. "A jerk, or a vampire?" She smiled wryly. "A vampire." "Vampires feel very deeply for their mates, is what I know to be true," I said softly. "If that is what you were to him, he misses you. Perhaps he left with your best interest at heart, but if you're out in the woods alone, I guess he did not expect you to lose your will to survive." "He made me promise to keep myself safe," Bella said, cringing externally. "And I'm not doing that. But he promised never to leave me, so moot point, I guess." "You should keep yourself safe, Bella," I replied, standing up as I prepared to leave. "Would you like me to walk you home?" For a moment her expression remained the same as she got up to stand beside me, but then, she seemed overcome by a burst of passion. She whirled around to look at me, an intense look in her eyes. I stepped back unconsciously, a little shocked. This girl really had to at least hold a position in the top five strangest humans I'd ever met. "Take me home with you," she pleaded. "They didn't want to give me my wish, but you can, right?" "Your wish?" I questioned hesitantly. "Death?" She made a face. "I want to be like you." I thought about the prospect for a moment. A fourth family member would make things even, finally. She did seem to be very kind, and pleasant to be around. She already knew of the existence of vampires as well, so I would be doing her and those who had exposed themselves to her a favor by keeping them out of the Volturi's watchful eyes. But I would also be condemning her to an immortal life, one that would probably be pain-filled, as turning her into a vampire would not cease her longing for her ex-mate. In fact, it would probably only exacerbate it to an unbearable degree if she didn't train herself to slowly let go of those feelings. "Please?" her voice broke. "I have nothing left..." "You have no family?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. "I mean, I do, but..." I shook my head furiously, and she flinched like I'd hit her. "It will be years before you can see anyone in your family again in close quarters," I warned her. "You have no idea what you're asking for, Bella." "I do," she whispered. "There's a vampire after me, too." "A vampire after you?" I narrowed my eyes. I'd heard of vampires who would go after one specific human. They were called trackers. But how could she have evaded one for any amount of time on her own? "Her name is Victoria," Bella replied, as if the name were a curse. "Ed- he killed her mate last spring, when he decided to track me. Now she's taking his place to get revenge on Edward. I have to keep my family safe. And Jake and the pack..." "Is Jake and the Pack a new band, or…" Bella sighed a little. "They're shapeshifters—werewolves. They've been protecting me from Victoria since he left. They're just a bunch of teenage boys, but..." I jumped back, immediately revolted. Did she just gravitate towards monsters? Adolescent werewolves were almost as big of a danger as newborn vampires. They were so easy to set off, and once you did, there was no going back. Maybe I did need to save her. "Jake will never want to see me again," she continued, her tone mournful. "He's already made it pretty clear how he feels about vampires. But I have to protect him. I can't let Victoria get to him, or Charlie…I have to be strong enough to protect them somehow, and this is the only way I know. So please, please help me. I'll do anything. I'll be in your debt forever." I shifted uncomfortably on the balls of my feet. This girl really was in a tough spot. And, without a doubt, I would love to have another sister. But how would Layla and Colette react? We had just started to settle in Forks, and now I was proposing the addition of another family member? Layla would probably want to eat her before even thinking about making her a sister. I would have to go about this carefully… I looked into her eyes, pleading and lost. I would help her. Welcome to the family, Isabella. For better or worse, you are my sister. A/N: Umm...yeah. I don't really know how to describe this story. I created these characters years ago, and decided to rewrite this story on a whim. ^^;; We'll see if it goes anywhere...goodbye for now. Please review if you liked it...or if you didn't, and have some suggestions for improvement. I'll take it all! -PatchyVoile