Jasper believed no mortal or immortal knew what love was. Seeing the two together, makes him feel homesick and causes him to depart from them and travel his own path. " unknown, 1945 " This diet is impossible. Jasper was once one of the most feared men in the south. Now he is a man laughing at the idea of feasting on wild bears and chasing lynx through the trees. He feels whatever is left of his sanity slipping away, making room for the poisonous psych that is now him. He hates humans. He hates how easy they succumb and how hard they fight. He hates how they smell and how they taste. " philidelphia, pennsylvania, 1948 " He is back to normal. Somewhat. He is thirsty . Jasper can only go so long before his sanity is stripped away and the dangerous psych returns. But it's raining, and the only source of food is in a small diner tucked away in a small corner of a shopping strip. He does not hate them, the humans. He envies them. Sighing, Jasper makes his way to the diner. " philadelphia, pennsylvania, 1948 " It hits him so hard he is nearly knocked off balance. The coil within him snaps, and everything that has been restrained from him hits him like whiplash. It is like a breath of fresh air; a drink of water after being deprived of it for centuries. He is startled and bewildered and then he senses it. One of him . A vampire. She bounds her way toward him; lilac colored lace moving as if it were made for her. She is beautiful; hair so dark it is nearly black cropped so close to her head that it exposes the delicate points of her ears and the sharp angle of her collarbone. She is happy . "You've kept me waiting a long time." "I'm sorry, ma'am." She smiles, and it is the better than the riches of blood and the most lavish mansions. He will spend eternity trying to keep that smile on her face. Her hand, made of fragile bones and delicate angles, is held out for him. Before he can register what is happening, his hand is in hers. " philidelphia, pennsylvania, 1948 " Peter spoke of it before. Of an alien feeling that sets off a chain reaction. Of a feeling that makes anything seem possible. He called it hope . It didn't make sense then. He understood the fear of returning for him too early. But he didn't understand "hope". He does now. " philidelphia, pennsylvania, 1948 " There is so much he wants to ask, so much he wants to know. But he settles on something so inadequate he is nearly embarrassed by his lack of common courtesy. "Who are you?" "Jasper," she smiles, and the sudden jolt in his dead heart erases any and all suspicion of how this beautiful stranger knows his name. "My name is Alice." It is not what he imagined. It is more beautiful and more delicate than anything he could ever imagined. "There is so much I have to tell you," she gives a small sigh, her emotions giving away her fear. He pulls away, and she frowns. "You're scared – I should go…" She grabs his hand again and shakes her head furiously, her eyes set in a fierce determination. "I'm not afraid of you ." "Then what are you afraid of, Alice?" Alice looks at him squarely. It is so intimate and the passion in her eyes intimidates him. He likes it. "If I tell you too much too fast, you may leave." Jasper laughs for the first time in so long. It causes her lips to tug at the corners and she looks away. "Alice," he starts, rubbing his thumb over the smooth skin of her hand. "Do you want me to leave?" She meets his eyes again. "Never." " unknown, 1953 " He is so happy. She is everything he never knew he needed. Her visions intrigue him the way the scars that mark his ravaged body intrigue her. The family she speaks so fondly of and the complexities of his talent brings in an onslaught of questions they'll never grow tired of answering. This is easy. Being with her. Alice makes feeding off of wild bears and chasing lynx through the trees feasible. She is understanding and patient and kind and he no longer starves himself. She won't ever see him become dangerous and bloodthirsty; she won't ever see him murder another one of their kind. This is nice. This is good. " unknown, 1955 " He never cares where they are. Just as long as he is with her. He makes her laugh and she makes him smile. She presses a kiss to a tangle of webbed scars at his temple. "Love you." "Love you, too." " unknown, 1957 " "Jazz!" Her shriek echoes throughout the woods and he's at her side in an instant. "Alice?" "Jazz! I found them!" She is bouncing on her heels, itching to get moving but he pulls her close. "Where?" he asks, though her excitement is infectious and whatever his Alice wants his Alice gets. He's smiling now, too. "Canada." "Will we make it in time?" "They just decided to stay. If we go now, we can catch them before they change their minds." She's a flurry of yellow fabric and black shoes as she gathers their small amount of belongings. It isn't much, just a small luggage of her dresses and his clothes. Her amber eyes are on him though, as she rambles about how the meeting will go. "Alice?" he asks her, catching her waist with a gentle hand. "Would they…" She frowns and looks at him. "They won't care that they are not entirely gold. They will only care that they aren't entirely red." "Alice, I love you." "I love you, too." She presses a kiss to his lips. "Now, let's go."