it off, but I stilled; afraid. "Some regret it," I replied, thinking of Rosalie and myself. "It's either that or death," she replied. I felt bubbly inside. Weakly, she made a small motion with her hand. I took her broken hand in mine. "No…" she whispered. Her head seemed to have difficulty in staying up. "Bite me," she asked. I stared at her in triumph, and I was filled with happiness. She said yes. I felt beyond pleased, despite what she might think later. "I can't… my father is on his way," I explained. She didn't respond. "I- I wish I could say goodbye," she whispered; she seemed faraway, lost in thoughts. I assumed she meant her family. I sighed, wishing the same. I waited impatiently for Carlisle, but only minutes had passed since I texted him. "Bella," I whispered. She dragged her gaze towards me with difficulty. I swallowed grimly, realizing that I might be stumbling on the finish line; Carlisle wouldn't make it in time. Her heart stuttered, and she smiled to me, lifting her hand to my face. I enjoyed her caress, leaning into her hand. Thud, thud, thud thud…. Thud….. thud…. Thud, thud, thud… It was irregular and it was slowing its pace. Thud… thud… thud… … … Scared and horrified, I bit her hand instantly. Thud, thud, thud… The pain awoke her body for a second, but I could tell it was now or never. Her delicious scent wafted through my throat, and I forced myself to ignore it. I bit closer up her arm, and continued to her throat, ending just above her heart, by her breast. The last bite hurt the most, and I barreled away from her, rushing to a safe place up-wind. I broke a few trees, while yelling out in pain, and frustration. The monster demanded that I go back and finish her. Carlisle found me yelling and thrashing into the ground. "Edward!" Carlisle was by my side instantly. I calmed, sniffing him. I had bitten her and it had been so close. I was so scared of going closer to her. I could hear her weak heart, and I could hear her light groans. Carlisle noticed as well and left me to tend to her. You bit her . Carlisle's thought reached me easily. I'm proud of you , Carlisle said, in his mind. But he didn't know how close it had been, and how delicious she had smelled. He didn't know of my initial plan to eat her. I controlled myself, and trusted Carlisle to stop me, so I found it safe to move back to her. "The damages are severe," Carlisle admitted, "I think we must wait for a while before removing the car from her," he said. I nodded mutely. "It burns," Bella slurred. "Tell me," Carlisle asked me. I told him truthfully what had happened, and I regretfully told about her smell. I could still smell her delicious scent, but I could also recognize my own scent in her blood. The monster vanished, surprisingly, as I was overwhelmed by a possessiveness I had never felt before. "What a strange story," Carlisle admitted. "I am glad she could make the choice herself. You did well." Carlisle gave me a slightly wry smile, but his thoughts were confused. He knew I hated this existence, so why I had bothered was beyond him. How could I explain how wonderful her touch was? How beautiful her eyes were or how soft her voice was? A part of was me was enjoying watching her pant in pain, but only because I knew it was my venom that was inside of her. I had never felt like this before, and I wondered if Carlisle felt the same when he had turned one of us. "I feel so… possessive," I whispered. "While I don't like that she's in pain, the fact that I bit her makes me feel…" I faltered, uncertain. "I don't recognize feeling that way when I turned you, or the others," Carlisle admitted. "Although…" his words faltered, but his mind continued, I feel the exact same way when I look at Esme, and know that a part of me is running through her veins… He gave me a calculated look. As dawn approached, Carlisle judged that we could move her. She wasn't torn in half, but it was a close call. I could tell all her bones were broken. I worried that we were too late, that she would be a handicapped vampire, if ever such a thing existed. I held her carefully as we ran, while her pained screams echoed around us. Afraid of the treaty with the wolves, and the fact that her family was chief of police, Carlisle decided that we would have to stay somewhere else. Carlisle easily found the most abandoned place possible, and both of us began creating a form of basic tent, out of the leaves and wood we could find. Soon we were safely hidden from the sun, the rain, and the wind. I wished it could be more comfortable for Bella. As that thought registered, Alice and Esme arrived. "Carlisle!" Esme flitted to his side. "What happened?" "I'm sorry I didn't see this, Edward. I wasn't keeping tabs on you, otherwise I would've sent Carlisle," Alice apologized, and reached over to me. I shook my head, brushing off her apology. It was okay now. Bella was changing. She lay limply on the floor. "Edward, this was very brave of you. I'm proud of you," Esme assured me. I didn't deserve her kindness. I was distracted by Alice and a vision. Suddenly it all fell into place; I understood now why everything about her seemed so familiar, I understood how I could be so strong. I stared at Bella I wonder. "I…" I faltered, almost in shock. "You love her!" Alice grinned hugely at me. "Don't worry, Edward. She's going to be perfect!" Hope you liked it. Leave a review ;)