better this way. I don't know what your publicist would say if she knew." "Knew what?" I wonder, starting to feel panic arise in my chest. She tries to pull away but I don't let her. "I've said too much already." She steps away from me and my hands involuntarily fall to my sides. "Thank you for the dance, Mr. Cullen." She curtsies again for me. "Until next year." "No." "Edward! Come on! They're ready for the bachelors," Tanya calls. I yell for her to hang on. "Bella?" I say. Her eyes grow wide and she takes a few steps backwards, the pain in my chest doubling with each step, it leaving me gasping. "The bartender told me your friend called you 'Bella'. That's why Cheney wrote that." She sighs in relief. "When can I see you again?" "I already told you," she answers. "Next year." "Without the mask?" She chuckles and shakes her head. "CULLEN!" Tanya calls. I turn around and tell her to hold her fucking horses, but when I turn back around Bella's gone. I catch a glimpse of blue as she rounds the corner of the main exit. Tanya's screaming for me as I take off in a sprint. Something tells me if I let her disappear tonight that I will never see her again. And that thought alone is earth shattering. I'm yelling her name and rudely pushing past people when I see her running towards the parking garage. She looks over her shoulder and hikes her dress up. She's wearing a pair of trainers instead of the usual spiky heels that adorn most of the female guests' feet at these functions. "Go back to the auction, Edward!" she yells. "Not until you talk to me," I call back. We've entered the parking garage and she rushes toward the elevator pressing the button repeatedly. The doors open and I muster every bit of energy I can to make it before the door closes. Her eyes go wide behind the mask as I pull the doors open and enter the small cube. We're both gasping for air and I'm clutching my side from the exertion of running after her. Her face pinches and tears cascade over the blue velvet of her mask. "I knew this was a bad idea," she cries. "What was a bad idea?" "Coming to this damn ball. L told me it would be fine. Masquerades are a time to be someone mysterious. To be someone you're not." She doesn't take her mask off, but uses the sleeve of her dress to wipe her cheek. "It's just a lie. That's what it is." "It doesn't have to be." I take a step forward, but she cowers into the corner of the elevator as the doors open. "Please. Just let me go. And don't follow me to my car. It's better this way." She brushes past me and exits the elevator. I hold the doors open before they can shut and realize we're on level three of the parking garage. Only certain people are permitted to park on the third level of the hotels parking garage. Employees of my hotel. A flood of images filter through my mind… A beat up red truck at the far corner of the lot with a bumper sticker on it that says, 'I heart my pug,' with a smiling face. The uniform bowtie secured around a delicate neck behind the candy counter. The sweet voice as she hands me my change and my daily king sized KitKat. The tinkling laugh when I realize I forgot my wallet back in my office and have to charge it even though I own everything. The kind smile and even kinder wave. "Have a great day, Mr. Cullen," she would always say. Recognition hits me like a mack truck and my knees almost buckle. Bella, the masked beauty that has seemingly captured my heart, is Isabella… the girl that runs the candy store on the first floor of my hotel. I've seen her just about every day for the past three years and said maybe five words total each time. How is it that I could know someone for so long and not feel anything until we meet under such different circumstances? I hear the familiar roar of the beast like truck at the back of the garage and don't even realize I started running towards it until my hands smack against the rusty tailgate, as if that will stop it from ramming into me. She screams out and slams on squeaky breaks lurching the monster to a sudden stop. I can hear her crying as she turns the truck off. I pat the tailgate and push myself up before walking over to the driver's side door. I pull it open as she falls apart against the steering wheel. "No more running," I pant. "You're going to fire me." "Bella." "I'm going to lose my apartment." Sniff. "Bella." "I'm going to–" "Isabella!" She jumps. Our eyes meet. I reach forward and untie the ribbon holding her mask up and let it fall onto the seat next to her. There's the beautiful face I've longed to see without the mask hiding it. I couldn't help but cup her cheek and run my thumb underneath her eyes to catch the fallen tears. Bella holds my hand against her face. The same tingle wherever her skin connects with mine appears. We just breathe and stare at each other. Things are going to get rough. The press will find out I ran out of the charity auction. Things will link back to Bella. I know I can't let her go now, not after finding out who she is. I just can't. Things will never be the same for her. I then lean in and softly kiss her lips. I pull back barely and inch and whisper, "Stay with me?" I pause. "Bella." She gasps and utters one word with a smile gracing her lovely face. "Yes."