I eat up the miles between myself and the safety of my family. Just as I begin to relax, my pace slowing, I crash in to something. I fall back on my bottom with a grunt, sitting up only to meet crimson eyes. My heart sinks, but before I get a good look at the vampire, they've vanished. Not wanting to be caught in another life or death situation, I flee from the area. My legs flex and race with a fluid ease as I pump my arms, pushing my heart to the limit. Familiar trees and scents envelope me as I arrive at outskirts of my house nestled in the deep woods. Similar to our property in Washington, the floor-to-ceiling windows are all lit with pacing figures awaiting my return. I pause before stepping out of the darkness. It takes a lot of energy to deflect gifts, but I've learned that's what my ability is meant to do. My mind only shows what I want and when I want. With a sigh, I emerge from the brush. My mind is on a slim lock-down, hiding tonight's events and replacing them with faulty ones of walking home without a problem. I enter the threshold of the backdoor and am instantly bombarded with questions. My father listens intently to my thoughts, visibly relaxing at what he discovers. "The project ran late and they wanted to go for dinner, but I needed to get home. My phone died before I left so I couldn't call. I'm sorry." I explain calmly and rationally like I've been raised to do. I'm forgiven and let off with warning, a considerable smack on the wrists. After eating the dinner Esme made especially for me, I climb up to my bedroom in the farthest corner of the house. My family leaves to hunt, now that they can rest easily without worrying about me. I watch them go from my balcony as they disappear in to the tall trees. I return to my room, locking the doors to the terrace. Once I've showered, I brush any tangles from my hair as I prepare for bed. My mind revolves around Alec and the pair of red eyes I saw in the woods. Could it have been my imagination or was someone really there? I consider the possibility of the adrenaline and fear combining to create something that wasn't really there . I could have tripped. I probably tripped. I close out that debate with a tree root I wasn't expecting attacking me, causing the fall and the rush of emotions gave me a bit of whiplash, causing the red eyes that weren't really there. Once that's settled, my mind shifts to Alec. I wonder about where he came from, why he left, and what about him interests me so much. The one thing that never leaves my thoughts though, is his eyes. Their reflective nature; the way they so carefully show what needs to be seen, but hide the real depth of what he feels. He's an expressive character that's been hidden for so long, he's forgotten what it's like to be true; to show someone his exposed self. I let out a breath, shaking my head at the corrupt thoughts in my mind. "You don't know him, you don't want to know him, and you will never know him." I tell myself, hating the way it physically hurts me to force it from my lips. I look up in to the mirror, meeting the plain, brown eyes of my reflection. The human-like face stares me down. I wish I could be more like my family. If I were a vampire, I wouldn't have needed a ride home or had to escape the clutches of human cruelty. My family wouldn't have been worried. Being half-human is ruining me. It keeps me fragile and weak. It prevents me from making my own decisions. It's morphed me in to an impressionable, scared child. I bend at my parents will. All I want is other people's happiness. It's unfair. It's weak. Dropping the brush on the vanity table, I stand and cross the distance to my bed. Annoyance pulses through me, but I dismiss it as quickly as I can. I'm exhausted from today's emotional exertion. Beneath the warm, soft layers of blankets, I find solace. As I drift off in to my dreams where I meet those eyes that mirror the azure sky, but they dull. They reveal their inner turmoil, the agony they face every day before turning a vibrant crimson. In a state of grogginess, I stir mid-dream to see Alec in my room. He sits on the edge of my bed, a sadness in his eyes as they flicker between the kind, beautiful blue and the pained, disturbed red. "Renesmee," he whispers. I shoot up in bed, my body on high alert only to find my room empty. My breath is shallow, my skin matted in sweat as my nightgown clings to my body. I sigh, laying back in bed and throwing an arm over my eyes. I mentally scold myself for dreaming about him, the stupidity of it is endless. The draft tickles my skin and I reluctantly stand from my bed to shut the balcony doors. The moment the door clicks in to place, I freeze with my palm firmly placed on the mahogany. I stare at the lock, remembering how I locked the door before my shower, but then again, maybe I didn't. I silently move away from the door, my hand at my chest. I rack my brain for the distinct memory of turning the little knob on the door handle. I rest on the mattress, my eyes concentrating on the ceiling as one question replays through my mind. Was it a dream? If you liked it, review and let me know if you want more. If you didn't, I'm sorry I couldn't have done a better job. Till next time, thanks for reading!