with a warm towel before he wraps me in his strong arms. My ear finds its usual place on his slightly sweaty chest and I smile faintly at the distinctive thump-thump I hear. "Are you okay, love?" he murmurs against my forehead and pulls me closer, my back to his chest. "It doesn't hurt now, does it?" I can only manage a little shake. "I'm perfect." "How am I gonna let you go, now?" he sighs and pulls me closer, his hands drifting towards my oversensitive breasts. I laugh at his cliché, "human teenager" response, but I don't make a move to stop him as he gropes and massages me. His lips go to my neck again, kissing softly, unhurriedly. I feel the change instantly. His lips grow colder at once, his chest is harder and his hands palm me with more pressure, before he realizes the change and lets up a little, going back his gentle -but now cool- touch. What on Earth just happened? Edward only sighs again, unfazed. "We exploited her kindness and patience for too long. I think it's only fair we give her a break. Thank you again, sister." A light giggle breezes through the open window. Oh, shit! Liz! How could I ever forget? She's heard everything! My whole face flushes scarlet red instantly. "Bella?" Edward tilts my head up with two fingers under my chin. His golden eyes look filled with concern, but despite what we just did, I can't look him in the eye. I choose to avert them toward his chest instead. "Bella, love, look at me. Did- did I do something to embarrass you in any way?" "No," I mumble. "It's just that your sister has probably heard everything. I forgot she was even here." "Well, that means I did my job right," he chuckles and smiles crookedly at me. "Don't worry about it. She wouldn't mention anything, at least not in front of the whole family. God knows I've heard too much," he shudders. "I can't believe we just did it," I say suddenly. Slowly but surely, tonight sinks in and I can't help the smile that tugs at the corners of my mouth. I'm not a virgin anymore. I'm his and he's mine. With the threat of my unavoidable bleeding out of the way, Edward will now be with me without fear or hesitation. It's liberating. "Yes, we did," he says slowly, his breath fanning across my ear. "Is it something you regret?" he asks uncertainly. What? Turning around, I cup his face with my hands and force his filled-with-doubt eyes to meet mine. "If you ever say that again, I will really hit you. Why would you even think that? I've never felt more alive, loved or cherished. I mean, I don't know about you, but as far as I'm concerned-" "Don't even suggest that tonight hasn't been the best night of my existence. Please. I can't begin to describe how I feel, how you make me feel. I love you, Bella. I love you and everything that happened in this room. I just wanted to make sure that the pain didn't spoil the experience for you." "It didn't," I shake my head and look down. " Now you're shy?" he laughs through his nose and I swat his chest. He catches my hand before I hit him though and brings it up to his lips. "Are you comfortable, though? Hungry, thirsty?" "I'm okay, I promise. I just want to go to sleep, if that's okay," I mumble and snuggle up to him. If he tries to put a blanket between us, I'll kill him. "I'd like you to take an Advil, though." "I don't wanna get up," I whine. "Don't insult me," he mocks and produces a box of Advil and a bottle of water from his nightstand. "Here you go, love," he smiles adoringly at me and I can't help but smile back. I sit up and swallow the pill quickly, followed by three gulps of water. I mean to hand them back when I notice his stare is fixed on my exposed chest. I feel myself get heated under his intense, hungry gaze and I involuntarily shudder. "Are you cold, love?" he asks and puts the medicine on his nightstand, his black eyes barely lifting from my breasts. I shake my head and crawl to him. "I'm not going to take them away, you know," I whisper and nibble on his earlobe, placing his palm on my breast again. "You're tired and sore, Bella. Don't tempt me further. Please," he whines but flexes his fingers, nonetheless. I want to tell him no, but a yawn proves me wrong. "Fine," I say instead. "I'm gonna go to sleep. Feel free to molest me," I hum and close my eyes. "Good night, my Bella," he whispers and kisses my temple, humming my lullaby. The last thing I feel before I succumb to sleep is a tentative, feather light touch on my breast. I predict fun times in the very near future. Is the addition to the family good or bad? The Cullens just have all sorts of combinations when it comes to character. Liz seems immature, but that's actually she keeps in touch with her human teenager self better than anyone, just what it takes to cheer a stone-hard warrior up. I thought it'd be nice. And with Liz's plotting and gift, Edward and Bella finally got some! Yay! I really wanted to bitch-slap Edward at some point while I was reading the books. Especially in Eclipse it's just all about teasing! Grrr... Hopefully, now he won't be so moody. ;) That was probably the last story I'll post until after I'm done with finals. I hope you understand. Remember, I won't stop writing , just posting. I have a notebook lying around and whenever it hits me, I write. So yeah... Please review and let me know what you think! Until next time... Fairy xoxoxo