we have a cook on standby that will be preparing three meals a day for you until you're turned." She walked up to a door and opened it, beckoning Bella inside. "Um, Heidi?" Bella spoke up for the first time since leaving the throne room. "Yes? What is it, Bella?" Heidi asked in a concerned tone. "Could you please tell me why all of this is happening? Not that I don't appreciate not being eaten and all, but I don't imagine the same choice is offered to every human that finds out about vampires?" Bella asked. "Well," Heidi started, but stopped to think about her answer. "I'm going to be fully honest with you, normally humans in your situation would be eaten. However, there are two reasons why you're an exception. One, you have a very strong gift already as a human- this typically means that it'll grow even stronger as a vampire, and could mean that you'll be one of the strongest mental shields that we've ever seen- which is a rare gift as it is." Heidi stated, before taking a seat on the bed in the center of the room, gesturing Bella to sit down next to her. Heidi grew a bit nervous suddenly, and every time it looked like she was going to continue, she suddenly stopped. "And the second reason..?" Bella prodded her, eliciting a sigh from the mahogany-haired vampire. "I know you may not believe me on this one, but if you need me to, I will beg you to believe that I'm not lying to you. I overheard Aro discussing this subject as we were leaving the throne room, so I know that the Cullens have already lied to you about this before, but..." Heidi exhaled, however needless it was to do so. "I'm genuinely one hundred percent without a doubt your mate, and you are mine." Heidi said, a worried look in her eyes- fear at being rejected. "H-How do you know for sure?" Bella asked, looking her in the eyes. "Edward claimed that I was his mate all along, and then he just up and left me. How do I know that this is real this time?" "I'm so sorry that they lied to you about the mating bond- it's one of the most sacred things in our culture. While humans don't feel the full effect of the bond, this isn't even close to the first time a mating bond has formed while one partner was still human." Heidi said, returning Bella's gaze. Bella's heart sped up as she saw the honesty in Heidi's eyes, and she felt her stomach clench up with raw emotions that were being invoked by the gorgeous vampire. "You know what I'm saying is true, Bella," Heidi said, reaching her hand up to softly caress Bella's cheek. "I know you can feel at least some form of the bond too, even if it doesn't compare to what you'll feel once you become a vampire- what I'm already experiencing." Heidi continued. "As for me, it feels like nothing on Earth matters other than your safety and happiness, my sweet Bella," Heidi murmured, still stroking Bella's cheek lovingly. "The thought of abandoning you like the Cullens did is a literal impossibility- I would rather die first than do what they did!" Heidi said fiercely as she leaned in and wrapped Bella in a somewhat tight embrace in human terms, though obviously Heidi was being very careful to prevent her grip from becoming painful. "I..." Bella started, before trailing off. "Okay." Bella gulped, surrendering herself to her raging emotions that all pushed her to accept the vampire in front of her. "I can tell that you meant what you said." Bella brought her hands up and lightly placed them on both of Heidi's cheeks, gently motioning for her to back up from her embrace so that Bella could look at her. "Honestly, I know I should be wary of this after what the Cullens did to me, but every sense in my body is telling me 'fuck that', and that this is right." Bella said, wrapping her arms around Heidi and pulling her back into an embrace. "Thank you for accepting me, my Bella." Heidi whispered in a tone full of love and joy. Both women remained in their embrace for a few moments, before Bella succumbed to her urge to yawn. "Are you getting tired? We can talk about this or anything else that you wish to know tomorrow, you should get some rest now. I know it's been quite a long day for you." Heidi stated with concern. "Has it really gotten late already? Wow, it feels like everything has happened so fast." Bella replied, even as she felt a wave of tiredness sweep over her. "Understandable. Sleep now, Bella, I'll watch over you." Heidi murmured into her ear as she gently nudged Bella into a lying down position, before picking her up and placing her at the head of the bed where the pillows were. "I'll always watch over you, my beautiful mate." Heidi whispered into her ear and cuddled into her side as Bella drifted off to sleep with a large smile on her face. A/N: Though I ended this chapter kind of like a oneshot would end, I don't intend for this to be a oneshot. The next chapter should be coming relatively soon. I'm not entirely sure how many chapters this will have, or how long of a story it will be. I'm debating between making it a two shot or making it a(relatively short) multi-chaptered fic. Both have their ups and downs, so I'll just be doing whichever I feel will make for a better overall story. Hopefully I made the characters believable- I think for the most part this is shaping up nicely, but I worry about a few scenes and their believability and/or details. Regardless, please feel free to review with any criticisms, as I'm constantly looking to improve my work.