to make it official since April. Bella was too surprised to relax. Even when her mom assured her that she considered our decision to be right, Bella seemed thunderstruck. For as long as she could remember Renée hat always warned her about getting married too early or getting married at all. So, when she actually congratulated us now, Bella wasn't sure if her hearing was working right. Renée called Esme the day after to be a part of the planning committee. Charlie could not believe Renée's reaction either. He felt cheated, having relied on her to be the one to talk us out of our plans or to scare Bella enough to make her go back on her word. But all that worked to Bella's advantage because Charlie was not angry with her but with Renée. Brooding again? Thought everything was finally kittens and puppies. Emmett had found me deep in thought when he was finished draining his bear. I let go of my memories and concentrated on the conversation that had to follow now. I had not figured out how to start, yet. The topic wasn't one either Emmett or Jasper had ever heard me talk about. Jasper walked out of the woods and towards us right in that moment. So, I figured, I might as well talk to both of them at once and get it over with. "This isn't easy for me but I need your help." Emmett raised one eyebrow at me in expectation of what was coming. Jasper sat down beside me, waiting. His calm let me think that Alice maybe hinted at what I had to discuss. "What's hard for you? Everything comes to you naturally any other time." Emmett laughed. "Emmett, really. Please, just listen and try to take it seriously." I paused for a short moment organizing my thoughts. Sensing my agitation, Jasper sent a wave of calmness my way. "When Bella accepted my proposal, she had one condition. Something she wants to do while she's still human. After she had heard all the talk about the newborn year and the crazy blood lust and all that brings along with it, she was, well, afraid about losing a part of herself in the process that might not come back to her, or, if it does, it might take years for her to feel like herself again. Of course, I know that it's not really like that but she won't let it go..." "Edward, stop beating about the bush and spit it out. What does she want?" Emmett's impatience broke through. Jasper just waited. I took a deep breath, if I could have blushed, my face would have been dark purple now, and choked out the word "Sex." Emmett's expression became amused. Don't get how you could go on without either that or exploding spontaneously, anyway. Virgins. Emmett's thoughts were, of course, mocking. Jasper looked like a suspicion of his had just been confirmed. You know this is next to impossible? But, well, you defied impossible many times before. "Have you thought that through?" Feeling the insecurity and anxiety I felt, Jasper's thoughts and words were more serious than Emmett's. "Yes and no. I promised her I would try, since we both know it won't be easy. And I'm not worried that I might kill her for her blood. I'm worried that I might lose focus when I get distracted and hurt her in the process. So I need to know what to expect, what it is like to be with a woman in that way." Emmett's thoughts were bantering and compassionate at the same time. Jasper was working on what to say exactly and how to phrase it. After a pause, Emmett was the first to speak. "Wow, man, what a question. Well, I would say you have to experience it to know it, but I think, that's the whole point here." "It's like nothing else. The only thing that might come close is drinking human blood," Jasper chimed in. I remembered how it had felt to taste Bella's blood after James had bitten her last year. There could be no other blood any more potent. I remembered the euphoria, the intoxication it gave me. Surely, nothing could come close to that. "It's the closest you can ever get to another person. It's totally overwhelming," Emmett offered. "You stop thinking logically and just act on instinct. At some point you lose yourself and become one with her," Jasper was thinking about Alice now. But the pictures I got to see were far from being distasteful, I saw love and adoration. "It's the best thing!" What I could see in Emmett's head should have been censored. I never wanted to see Rosalie like that. So I did my best to shut his thoughts out. "So, anything helpful?" Emmett asked. I thought about it for a while. What their descriptions had made me realize, was, that I wanted it badly, and, that it was almost impossible. "Do any of you have any advise on how I can make this work?" Silence followed. This time Jasper spoke first. "Be as gentle as you can. Try not to give in to the urge to increase the intensity. Try to remember at any moment that Bella is fragile and that you love her. And if it becomes too much, don't hesitate to stop. That's all the advise I have to offer." "I couldn't do it," was all Emmett said. After a moment he added "but I'm sure, you can." I wasn't sure if his faith in me was justified. The mood lightened a bit when Emmett smiled a mischievous smile. "So, shall we now teach you how to be any good at it? I mean, Rose never complains." I playfully attacked Emmett to put the discussion to an end when we all at once caught the scent of two mountain lions. "Let's do what we came here for." I said and took of chasing after my prey.