asleep, I pull the presents from Santa out from the bedroom closet and situate them under the tree. Then I turn in. In bed, I stare up at the ceiling. Outside, Christmas Eve night is illuminated by sparkling, unexpected falling snow. My hand trails down and wraps around my long-neglected, semi-erect buddy. I only manage a few half-hearted strokes before giving up with a frustrated groan and turning on my stomach. "God, I miss you, baby." Eventually, I fall asleep, and thankfully, the dream returns. My cowgirl rides me naked as a jaybird, sighing beautifully with her hair cascading around us like a dark curtain of silk. "Edward…" she breathes. "Edward…baby, wake up. Wake up, baby." "Baby…" She chuckles. "I'm home, Edward. Open your eyes." I know I'm dreaming because she's not due back for another couple of months. Nevertheless, when I go ahead and warily open my eyes, I find the other set of the most beautiful dark eyes in the world gazing down at me and shining with tears. Her hair isn't cascading around us. It's still up in the bun she's required to wear while in uniform. "Bella…baby, are you really here?" "Merry Christmas." She chuckles in that way I've missed for months, ever since she was deployed on her latest tour of duty. "Jesus," I say in a strangled whisper. Then I reach up and wrap my arms around her, pulling her flush against me to prove I'm not dreaming. She squeals, and I laugh in unmitigated elation. "Bella…" My mouth finds hers, and I slip my tongue inside, kissing her with all the pent-up desperation that's built up over the long few months. "How?" I ask when we come up for air. "They granted my holiday leave," she smiles through her tears. "I wanted to surprise you and Angie this morning, but the snow delayed the transport. I'm so sorry I missed Christmas Eve." "It's okay." I cradle her beautiful face, studying the perfect features I've missed: dark eyes, button nose, and pouty lips. "It's okay now. You're here. You're home ." I pull her against me again so tightly I'm afraid I may crack her spine. But she's an officer in the Reserves; my wife is no weakling. "How's Angie?" she breathes against my neck. "Missing you," I admit, stroking her hair, which is so much like our daughter's. "But now that you're home…" She lifts her head and meets my eyes. "Edward, I handed in my papers. I'm done," she grins. "I have to return 'til February to finish this tour, but after that, I'm done." I close my eyes. Yes, I've always been proud of her, but the relief coursing through me makes me shudder almost violently. "And…as soon as I return," she swallows, "as soon as you're ready, I'm ready to give Angie that baby brother or sister we've talked about." "Jesus, Bella," I choke, "Merry Christmas to me." She laughs. "And to me too." "Another angel…" I breathe. "I'm ready right now ." She giggles. "Do you think Principal Newton will hold my teaching job for one more year?" I chuckle. "If we ask just right, I'm sure she will." "You mean if you ask," she teases. "Although Miss Denali might be disappointed to see me home, and not just because she'll be out of a job." I snort against her soft, warm neck. "I'm sure she'll survive." Our mouths meet again, breaths mingling, hands exploring. I squeeze her beautiful, perky breasts, my hand trailing between her legs... She pulls away breathlessly. "Edward, I'm dying to make love to you, but first…" I smile softly. "Let's go wake up Angie." Our daughter is fast asleep when we walk into her bedroom, her Disney-themed Christmas tree still illuminated in the corner. I hear Bella's breath hitch and watch as silent tears stream down her face. "So beautiful." "Go," I encourage her. She approaches Angelface's bed slowly as if she's afraid of her reaction. Yet, it's almost as if Angelface senses her mother's presence. She turns over and rubs the sleep out of her eyes, opening them slowly. Then, she starts crying. "Mommy, am I dreaming?" "No," Bella sobs with her, picking up her tiny body and cradling it against her chest. "You're not dreaming, my little angel. I'm home. A day later than I hoped to be, but I'm home." Angie keeps crying. "Mommy, I asked Santa for my Christmas angel, and he brought you home! He brought you home!" Bella chuckles through her tears, stroking our daughter's hair. "He did, sweetheart. And I'll be here until after New Year's. Then I have to return overseas." She pulls Angie away to meet eyes identical to hers. "But I'll be back in two months, and then I'm never going away again." "Never?" "Never," Bella confirms. "Captain Cullen will be home to stay." The two women I love most in this world hold one another, and then Bella turns to look at me, gesturing for me to join them. I close the space between us and wrap them both in my arms. "Daddy took great care of me, Mommy," Angelface says, looking and sounding happier than she's been in months. "And he hardly cursed at all." Bella grins at me. "I never doubted him – even when he said he wouldn't need Grandma Liz to stay this time to help. Speaking of which-" "We'll call them all in the morning," I say. "Tonight…tonight is just for the three of us." Angie picks up her head and looks from her mother to me and back. "Merry Christmas, Mommy and Daddy!" "Merry Christmas, Angelface," we reply in unison. A/N: Thoughts? Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone! Hope you're all enjoying the holidays, and hope you enjoyed this little story. Thanks so much to the always wonderful Ceci Lolypowski for another gorgeous banner. She always gets them just right. Playlist: I'll Be Home for Christmas by Bing Crosby Please Come Home for Christmas by Bon Jovi