here to break Jake's heart again. "Tell Edward I'm sorry but I can't Marry him. I appreciate all what your family have done for me but becoming a vampire is not what I want. I'm sorry to have realised it now. I can't live without Jacob I love him more then I can ever put into words, my soul connects to his more then I ever did with Edward. I want to live, I want children, and groundchildren I want to grow old with the man I love. Once Jacob is better I will say goodbye to your family properly but for now Carlisle this is goodbye" We could see that the doc was upset about this but he didn't show it to her or Billy we only saw cause of our eye sight catching the smaller movement. "I'll tell them all. Goodbye Bella" Not only is she breaking up with the leach but she's saying goodbye to the rest of them to, I could feel something change within the pack at this time, I wasn't sure what it was but knew it would bring about some change, I could even feel the slight love that we all had for the girl now. She's choosing a pack brother which would make her family and we protect our family. I knew they didn't have to worry about Jacob imprinting because she is his mate. She took another deep breath and turned to face us all, I'm pretty sure all of us was displaying the shock we felt. She walked straight over to Billy. "Billy i know I've cause so much trouble for everyone here all I can say is I'm Sorry, I realised today that I had made a huge mistake in my life I had to change that. Ive spoken to my dad so he knows what's going on but I feel I need to speak to you to. I love your son Billy with my whole heart and I never want to be parted from him. Ive moved out of Charlie's So if you'll have me i'd Liked to be here with Jacob I'd like to live with you" Billy being the old soul he is just smiled at her and grabbed her hand, he had been saying for weeks that he knew she loved Jacob she just had to realise it, he also told us not to give her such a hard time about it. I have no idea what the chick has to be sorry about though, we got to kill some leaches which was fun as hell. She packed her stuff? Moving in with Jacob? Jesus this chick is serious! "Bella you have nothing to be sorry for. I knew you would realise how much you love my son, we would love to have you here now go and see Jacob before he gets out of bed to find you" She smiled at him placed a kiss to his cheek then she was running to Jacob. The rest of us just stood here not knowing what else to do. "So what the fuck just happened?" Yeah okay I had to ask cause lets face it today has been a long ass confusing day from hell and I had a feeling tomorrow was going to be just as long. Billy spoke up, "Bella has accepted the wolf as her mate" Yeah thanks for that your cryptic bastard cause that explains everything dont it? Before I could say anything else Leah spoke up again, "What the fuck is wrong with the bitch? Who the fuck does she think she is talking to me that way? I had it, Jacob had no need to get involved" This passed me off I looked to Sam to see if he would say anything but it didn't Look like he would so I spoke up, "For puck sake Leah, no you didn't have it Bella was right we all saw. Now shut the hell up cause I know I speak for everyone when I say were all sick of your shit." She went to say something back but Billy beat her to it. "Paul it right Leah, enough is enough. I am tribal chief here my word is law, don't think I don't know what has been going on cause I do. I know everything, your pack brothers do not deserve what you have done or the way you treat them. We all know you hurt over Sam and Emily, but your a wolf now you know why things happened the way they did. Its been a year its time you moved on! Sam as Alpha you should of put a stop to this behaviour right away, I know why you've Been hesitate but enough is enough you will treat her the same way you treat the rest of the pack do you understand me?" Wow ok I dont think any of us expected Billy to pick up on Sam's shit but its about time he did. Leah needs to learn she is not the Alpha of this pack and she can't rule us. Sam looked down in shame. "Of course Billy" "Good! We will have a meeting tomorrow here at lunch time, there is much to discuss, its late and your all tired go home get some sleep be here at lunch time." With that he rolled away with Sue following him, we looked up to Sam. "Billy's right, I'm sorry guys I haven't been treating you all the same and I should of been. I'm Sorry as of now Leah will be treated like the rest of you which means Leah as punishment for speaking out and treating your brothers the way you have, you hVe double patrol duty for a week. The rest of you go home get some rest and be here tomorrow lunch time." With that he was gone, Leah following after him in a strop. "Night guys" I was off, tomorrow would be a long day.