way, I moved to the side, keeping an eye on the process. Tyler Crowley had been the driver, and having hit black ice, his car had spun out of control. I watched as the ambulance arrived, and Charlie as well, who instantly recognized my car. "Bella!" He yelled, alarmed, and reached for me in a second. I could see he was checking me for damages, but for once I was safe and unharmed. "I'm okay, dad," I assured him. "I didn't think the roads were that icy," I admitted, while surveying the roads. Looking at them now, they did seem slippery. "I put snow chains on your tires this morning," Charlie admitted, and I looked past him to my now ruined car. I could see the chains securing my tires, and I felt very happy of his thoughtfulness. "Thanks dad," I told him, sincerely. He seemed to redden at the attention. "I think you need a new car," he admitted, seeing as the side of my car was damaged a lot. I was glad to see that the car would've kept me somewhat safe had I been inside when Tyler hit it, but there was no doubt that it would need to be replaced. Getting it fixed would cost too much. "I will pick you up after school, today," he promised me. "I got work after school," I said, but he simply nodded at me. His attention was back on the scene, and he had to leave with the ambulance. School was very quiet today, as it seemed most had used the accident as an excuse to avoid school. English, my first subject on the day, had no other occupants but myself, and it allowed me to finally ask Mr. Berty for extra credit material, which would look great on my college application. The day was pretty quiet, and as always I was by myself. Lunch stood out only because the Cullens were staring, or rather Alice Cullen was staring. I remembered her staring this morning in the parking lot as well, but I assumed it was the accident she had been staring at. Now, when I noticed her staring at me at lunch, I realized I might've been mistaken in my assumption. Even her siblings sent me the occasional glance, which I had no idea how to analyze. I found her eyes unsettling, it was as if she was looking at me, but not really seeing me. She seemed to be unsure, and at one point I was even certain she was about to come over to me. I prepared to defend myself, to stand up for myself, but she suddenly changed course and left the room. I hadn't realized how tense I was until the last class of the day was over. I felt so cornered by Alice. Her constant glances made me tighten up and get angry. I wanted to blame someone, but most of all I wanted to let go . I wasn't sure why I had trouble ignoring her, or why the Cullens generally created such strong reactions in me. None of the other students made me feel tense and ready to pounce. But then again, all the other students were ignoring me; the Cullens, on the other hand, always stared . I met Charlie out in the parking lot after school. "Hey dad," I greeted Charlie. My truck was already moved, I noticed. "Hey kiddo," Charlie greeted and gesture for me to jump in. I hated driving in the cruiser, as it always felt like people were staring, but since my first day I'd been an outcast, so I was getting used to both the intense staring or the absolute silence. Besides, screw them. Let them stare. "I called your job to say you couldn't make it today," Charlie admitted with a grin and I stared at him surprised. "I'm taking you out to buy a car in Port Angeles." He grinned happily. I matched his grin easily, pleased at the notion. I had really liked my truck, as it had been sturdy, but I also liked the thought of picking out one myself. Charlie insisted he'd pay for my car. My only requirement was that I wanted one that could handle a little more speed, or at least going to the speed limit without falling apart. It would make getting to work a bit quite a bit faster. I fell in love with Volkswagen Beetle, which seemed to be in good condition, but Charlie insisted it be like a truck. With my luck he preferred if I was at least somewhat safe inside the car, and though the Beetle was nice, it was also very breakable. My old truck would've kept me somewhat safe had I been inside when Tyler had hit it. Unfortunately, I hadn't and it was pure luck that I hadn't been squished flat. I had been very fortunate this time around, so it was better not to tempt fate. Charlie spotted a pick-up truck which was in very good condition, but it was also quite a bit pricier than what I thought was necessary. I didn't want Charlie to spend money unnecessarily, but he insisted. The car resembled the one I'd had before, though in much better condition and a good deal newer. If this one broke, I would at least be able to find spare parts for it. It looked sturdy and safe, but the color, which was a terrible screaming orange, haunted me. I mentally joked to myself that if I bought the car, I could pretend that people stared at the car, not at me. I enjoyed driving it home, and it felt much better than my last truck. It was definitely much faster. In Forks, people stared and I mentally flipped each and every one of them off. I was grateful for Charlie's actions and consideration, and I prepared his favorite dish as thank you. Please review and let me know what you think :)