took. "BELLA, Please don't do this, please don't walk away from me, I love you" It broke my heart to hear him calling for me, but I knew I couldn't turn back. "I'm sorry Jacob." I whispered it, so softly I hoped he heard me. I got in my truck and drove all the way home, I got out and went straight to my room, I knew what I had done was for the best but it still hurt to know I had hurt my best friend in that way. Laying on my bed gave me time to think about everything that was said, and I knew then that all the guys were Wolves I remember Edward telling me about them, one night when we were arguing about me going to see Jacob. He thought by telling me it would stop me when all it did was make me shout at him. I spent three weeks healing myself, getting back to who I was before the Cullen's came into my life. I got my grades up and was able to graduate early because of all the work I did. I applied to colleges but I didn't want to yet, I wanted a year off so I could properly work out who I was and were I wanted to go with my life. I haven't heard from any of the guys since that awful day which in a way I was happy but I was also sad, because for some damn unknown reason I couldn't get Paul off my mind and I had no idea why. I told Charlie that I wanted to travel, before I went to school cause I needed to know who I am, I needed to find myself, he told me I could use my college savings for the trip. He told me that he trusts me to do the right thing with my life. I asked him if we could have a going away party and he said that he had already planned something but he wasn't telling me what it was. I was brought out of my thoughts by Charlie calling me downstairs, "Bells come down here for a moment." "Be down in a minute dad," I shut my laptop off and walked downstairs to see dad sitting at the kitchen table, so I sat in front of him. "What's up dad?" instead of speaking he passes over a black velvet box, I pick it up and open it to see a gold locket inside, I look up and dad with a shocked expression on my face, "Daddy what is this?" "Well I'm damn proud of you Bella and this is just to remind you that no matter what you think about yourself you are always you" I took the locket out of the box and opened it up, inside was an inscription, You are who you want to be! Daddy's little girl. I love you I jumped out of my seat and rushed over to him throwing my arms around him and hugging him so close. "Thank you dad, I love it" "Your welcome it's just a little something to remember me by." "Dad I could never forget you, I love you" "I love you to Bells always have and always will" We hugged each other and that was the end of it. Dad decided he wanted pizza for dinner tonight, so I told him I wasn't hungry and went upstairs, I just wanted to be on my own for a while, I needed to make sure that I was making the right choice for me. Sleep was finally taking me and I welcomed it, but before I could start snoring their was a noise from my window, thinking it was Jacob I rushed over and opened it, but I was shocked when I saw Jasper sitting on the tree outside, "Jasper what the hell are you doing here?" He just smiled at me, "Hello Bella" I just looked at him, what the fuck was he doing here? I was just looking at him with my mouth flopping open, like a fish. "Bella? Are you going to let me in or are you just going to stand there with your mouth hanging open?" I shook my head and moved out of the way. "Come in Jasper" He climbed through my window and stood in front of me, "Jasper why are you here?" "I've wanted to come back for a long time, but never had the opportunity to, someone always stopped me. I wanted to say how sorry I am for trying to kill you on your birthday" "Jasper it's okay, I know that you had the blood lust from all of the family thrown at you, more so from Edward, I'm not mad at you, I never was. I never blamed you" "But if I had never tried to eat you then Edward would have stayed." "No he wouldn't of, you and I both know that he didn't love me not in the way I loved him." "He loves you" "No he doesn't but that's okay, I have gotten over him leaving me and I wouldn't want him to come back into my life I don't love him any more. I have moved on with my life, and now I am living it for me" "Well Bella I am so happy for you" "Thank you. How are the rest of the family?" "They were fine when I left them, they say they miss you but their emotions don't really fit" "I don't miss them" He looked shocked for a moment then smiled. "Well Miss Bella, you really have moved on" "I have" "Well I'll leave you to sleep, goodnight Bella." "Goodnight Jasper" With that he left, and I was left to finally drift off to sleep. Even though I had moved on from Edward and no longer had night mares about him, there was still one person I couldn't get off my mind. PAUL