the offending article of clothing that was hiding the rest of Alice's perfect body from her. "You have a point I guess," Alice murmured, motioning to stand up. "Here, let's see if this makes you feel better," Alice said seductively as she unbuttoned her pants and slid them slowly down her legs, turning her back to Bella as she exposed her luscious ass as well as her smooth legs. "So hot," Bella muttered with a lust-filled gaze at the newly naked vampire who was finishing up undressing, kicking her underwear off to the side from around her ankles. She bared herself to Bella, jutting out her hips and gesturing to her nude body. "Like what you see, Bella?" Alice asked with a smirk. Bella could only nod in response- Alice was truly the most beautiful person she'd ever seen, and God was she hot too. "Good, because all of this is only for you, my Bella," Alice proclaimed lovingly as she got back on the bed and slowly crawled towards Bella, settling in between the girl's legs when she finally reached her and wrapping her arms around the girl in a protective hug. "I love you, Bella, and I promise I'll never leave you again," she said, resting her head on the brunette's shoulder. "I love you too Alice," Bella said softly and planted a kiss on the top of the vampire's head. "I, um," Bella blushed as she tried to figure out how to word her request. "I want to- you know- can I pleasure you..?" Bella said meekly. "I don't want to be unfair, I'd really love it if I could make you feel as good as you just made me feel," She continued. "Bella, you really don't have to- I'm perfectly fine with tonight being about you. But, if you still really want to do it..." Alice grinned, before getting off the bed and walking over to a spot near the window where a small bag was waiting. "I kinda saw that we'd get some good use out of this in a vision," the vampire said sheepishly as she took out a harness attached to a double-sided phallus. "The reason we'd want to use this is so that you can be on top, and neither of us have to worry about you getting injured when we're... you know, getting all down and dirty," Alice smiled shyly, despite what they'd just done together. "Okay, so how do I put this thing on?" Bella said, sliding over to the edge of the bed and taking a hold of the device. "Here, I'll fasten it onto you real fast," Alice replied and slid the harness around Bella's waist, snapping it in place and making sure it was positioned properly. Bella gave a small gasp of pleasure as she felt the giving end of the phallus push into her, and soon everything was properly set up. Alice crawled back onto the bed and leaned back against the pillows near the headboard, spreading her legs invitingly. She flashed a smirk at Bella, "Would it be cliché if I said to be gentle?" She teased as Bella sat there looking at her mate, entranced by her beauty. "You're so damn hot Alice," Bella said lowly before crawling towards the ready and waiting pixie, gazing at her with burning desire. "And I'm all yours, love. Come claim your naughty little vampire," Alice whispered, wiggling her hips lightly. "Damn right, you're all mine." Bella replied as she lowered herself in between Alice's hips and lined herself up with Alice's slick entrance, and pushed herself inside. "Mm, Bella!" Alice panted out as she felt Bella enter her quickly and roughly. "Fuck me Bella, make me your little horny slut!" Alice mewled out to Bella's amusement- she was continuously being surprised by how much Alice likes dirty talk. "Yesssss," Bella panted as she kept up her thrusting. "My hot, sexy, amazing little vampire slut," Bella groaned out as she leaned her head in to nuzzle Alice's neck as she continued pounding inside of her. Alice turned her head and bared her neck as a sign of submission, whimpering lightly in pleasure as Bella rained down kisses on the exposed flesh, as well as adding in a few gentle bites in between. "Who do you belong to, Ali?" Bella said in a low voice as she roughly shoved her strap-on cock deep inside of Alice's pussy. "You Bella!" Alice panted. "I'm all yours!" She whimpered out. "Damn right you are," Bella smiled as she upped the intensity of her thrusts. "And I'm yours, always and forever." She said gently as she captured Alice's lips in a hungry kiss. Soon Alice broke the kiss to pant out, "Keep going just like this, yes, right fucking there! " She moaned out elatedly and started gyrating her hips. "Please please keep fucking me Bella, make me cum all over you!" Alice cried out and Bella complied, speeding up her thrusting even though her hips were getting tired while being close to climaxing herself. "Yes... Yes, shove your huge cock inside of me Bella, God I'm cumming so hard for you, I love you so much!" Alice cried out softly as her muscles tightened on the rubber invader, greedily milking it for every ounce of pleasure. "Yes, Alice!" Bella climaxed alongside her from the stimulation of the double-sided dildo as well as from Alice's cries of pleasure. "I love you too, Ali," Bella panted as they came down from their climaxes. "I can't wait to spend eternity with you," Bella sighed happily as she removed the strap-on and cuddled up to her mate, pulling the blankets over them. "Same here, Bella." Alice gently wrapped her arms around the warm human girl. "Forever and always." She proclaimed to Bella, who closed her eyes, fully content for the first time since the Cullens had left. Bella felt herself slowly drifting to sleep in the arms of her protective vampire, her mate- her everything. End.