to, although with our wolf hearing that wasn't really necessary. Emily answered on the second ring, "Hello." "Hey Em, it's me can you put me on speaker phone please I have something I need to ask the rest of the pack" "Sure Sam, everything okay?" "It will be," I heard rustling in the back ground and knew the boys were getting comfortable, "Okay Sam your on speaker what's up?" Paul always to the point "Well me and Jared were talking and we both want to tell Ness the secret, she will be living with me and more than likely see something then be hurt because we didn't tell her. It would just be easier to tell her and we wanted all of your opinions on this." "You want to tell your baby sister who hasn't lived on the Rez for thirteen years our biggest secret? Are you mad? Don't you think you should talk to my dad about this, he is after all the chief of the tribe" "No Jacob I do not, this is not a matter for the chief of the tribe, this is a matter for the members of my pack" Before anyone else could say anything Paul beat them to it and what he said shocked me more than Jacob's outburst. "Tell her Sam, she is going to be a part of your life which means she will be a part of ours and to keep her safe she needs to know." "Thanks Paul" With that I hung up the phone, and pulled back out onto the highway. We would still make good time that conversation only lasted twenty minutes. Me and Jared didn't talk there was no need, we would soon be with Ness again. TIME SKIP After four hours we were finally pulling into the parking lot at the hospital. I found a space turned the engine off and got out the truck, stretching my legs in the process. I walked into the reception, straight up to the desk and spoke to the nurse on duty. "I'm here for my sister Venessa Marie Uley?" "Your name?" "Sam Uley and this is Jared Cammeron" "Okay take a sit and I will phone up for her social worker to come and grab you," I nodded and sat down, I would soon be seeing Ness again and I couldn't wait. Five minutes later and a small petite woman was walking towards us, she stopped in front of me and offered me her hand. "Mr Uley I am Minnie, Ness's social worker." I took her hand and shook it "Nice to meet you" "I'm sure your both eager to see Ness so I will talk as we walk. I have started the paperwork for you to have legal guardianship of Ness, it has been provisionally approved which means your approved I just have to check the place you will be living and make sure your fiancé is okay with Ness other than that there is no other concerns my end." "When will I be able to take her home out of here?" "You can discharge her today, she has only been here so long because she has been waiting for you." I nodded my head, that was good we stopped walking at room 344 on the third floor, she opened the door and I could feel my heart trying to beat out of my chest. At the sound of the door opening Ness looked up and she looked straight into my eyes, and I swear my heart missed it's beat, she has grown up into a beautiful young lady. I took a step towards her when all of a sudden she threw herself into my arms, and I a second to catch her before she fell. She pulled herself so close to me that I could feel the tears on my shirt. "Sammy you're here" "I'm baby girl, I'm here" We were bought out of our thoughts by Jared. "What do I not get a hug little sparrow?" She turned to look at him and climbed from my arms to his. I saw Minnie leave to give us some time, Jared walked over to the bed and sat down with Ness in his arms, "I can't believe you both came, Minnie said you would but I didn't think you would." "Ness your aloud to leave with us, shall we get your stuff ready?" With that we got her stuff ready, and gave her some clothes to put on, she went into the bathroom and came out ten minutes later, we grabbed her hand and all walked out of the room, towards where Minnie was waiting for us with the doctor. "So I have your discharge papers. All that we need to do is make a time for me to come see where your living then you can go" "How about in a week's time? That gives us all enough time to settle in" "That's great I will ring you with a time" She pulled Ness into a hug, "Ness it has been wonderful working with you, you are a fine young lady." With that we walked out of the hospital and got into the truck, Ness sat between us, I pulled out of the car park. We were pretty quiet to begin with than Ness broke the silence, "So your both Shape shifters, who change into wolves and I am a scripture that needs to heal herself." We both just looked at her! "How do you know what we are?" "I can smell it on you, can't you smell it on me? You know the supernatural smell" When she said that me and Jared both took a deep breath of her, and yes she was right there is a supernatural smell to her. "Okay now we have that out of the way, I am going to heal myself because these burns hurt like hell" With that a bright gold light came out of her and her burns disappeared