without hurting my parents or anybody's feelings? " Edward, you should break up with her. What mom and dad don't see is that you're miserable." Alice's words haunt me and I stand up. Tanya deserves better than a break-up for no reason. Maybe I am just overthinking and should give it a try. I just need to be gentler, maybe a tad more attentive. I can do that. "I'm sorry, Ann. I didn't mean to sound so crass, I'm just wound up with my work right now." I say softly, in the vain hopes that she will understand. "That's okay." She smiles at me and I notice that if she doesn't have makeup on, she'll do good. I stand up and whisper a 'thank you'. "Maybe I can help you release some tension." There she goes and ruins my mood again. "I've told you, no sex in my office." I hiss and she rolls her eyes. "Oh, Edward. You're so boring." She has a smile on her face. "You just get it out of me." I tease making her laugh. I can kiss her, right? She's my girlfriend, for Christ's sake! Of course I can kiss her. I mean, it won't be that bad. I have never had to give so much thought to kiss somebody I've already kissed before. Oh dear god, just kiss her already. My hands almost reluctantly wrap around her waist and I pull her closer to me. Her hands pull my face to hers urgently and she kisses me. The scent of strawberries wafts around us, it's so familiar and fresh in my mind from yesterday. I forget everything around me and my mind stays on her. One of my hands, thread into her hair as I keep her face to mine. Her tongue slides in my mouth and I tangle it with mine. I always wondered what it would be like to kiss her. My fingers stroke her soft hair that I remember how they flowed like a waterfall down her shoulders at the bookstore yesterday. Her soft mouth is pressed against mine and I kiss her with all the passion I can muster. I couldn't stop thinking about her today. Everything she shared with me last night repeated in my head like some tape recorder. She has a lot of troubles in her life than she lets on. Just speaking to her for thirty minutes made me realize that there are other factors in life that can make you happy. It's not all about the money, always. I smile against her lips when I realize I had zoned out and remember her. I decided to think about her when I told her about this. It doesn't matter because she has been on my mind all day. But, is she thinking about me too? Maybe she isn't because I sent the money with my assistant. How pompous of me, although I did mention to Victoria to say 'Edward' and not my last name. That would've been more pompous of me. I should've gone to give it. At least she's kissing me now. My teeth graze against her bottom lip and her lips make it impossible for me to stop kissing her. Bella . I suck on her lips making her moan. My lips pause and I pull back to look at her. It's not Bella. It's not Bella! It's Tanya . Who looks a little dazed, because I've never kissed her this way before. "Wow. That was great." She wraps her arms around my neck to pull me closer but I place my hand on her shoulder to gently push her back. The thought makes me angry. She's not Bella. "That's enough for now." I mutter and sit back on my chair. I power up my laptop. "Edward, what about lunch?" She whines again and I groan. Does she always have to whine! All that thoughts about being civil towards Tanya, fly out of my mind. I can actually see them waving at me as flee from my office window. I wave back internally. All I'm left with is, thinking how she has no regards for other people's feelings and how boring she is. "I said, I'm not hungry! Get lost!" I screech and she grabs her purse scrambles off from my office. I sigh and call Victoria. "Hey, boss. What's up?" "Get me some lunch on your way up. The regular." "Got it. Did Crunky leave?" I chuckle. "Yes." She left me but kept Bella's thoughts running in my head. "Thank god. I'll see you in ten. Bye." I end the call. I shut my laptop and bury my face in my hands. What am I going to do? Bella is my girlfriend. No! Tanya is my girlfriend. Bella is… hold on. Who is Bella? She's a stranger who owns a bookstore you went in for thirty minutes but wanted to stay in there forever, just you and her. My mind answers. Thanks for that. Bella is not a stranger. She's a woman who holds a special place in my heart for some reason. I need to find the reason. What if she has a boyfriend? No, she doesn't. If she did, she wouldn't be sitting alone in a bookstore, after hours. I sigh with relief at that. I'm crazy about her and had no idea about it until I started kissing Tanya, imagining her to be Bella. Some interpretation magic I have. I want Bella. But I have a girlfriend that my family adores for some reason. They'll flip out if I break up with her. Bella, what have you done to me? AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey guys! Let me know what you think! I'm confident you are going to love this story as future chapters get updated! I'll be updating every Friday and Tuesday! Follow and Favorite this story for updates and REVIEW to let me know what are you thoughts about this new story! Until next time! Love, Paint the Walls.