and walk out through the screeching screen door from which Ethan just walked in. OOOOOOOOOO I forget things. I do. But I know that it's September, and I know that the sun shining today is rare for this time of year here in the majestic mountains of Washington. The air should be full of clouds and mist hiding the mountains, shrouding them in soft, white, billowy cotton. Instead, the heat of the sun rains down over my wrinkled skin, highlighting liver spots and pruned hands. I raise my face to the sun as I walk, daring it to do more damage than it's already done over the past nine decades. When I reopen my eyes, they rest on the black tire swing under the evergreen that's been our gathering place ever since…well, ever since I can remember. Isabella swings herself over the tire-swing, to and fro like a pendulum of passing time. I hear her quiet sobs, the hitch of her breath, the uneven sighs. I see the surprise in her eyes when she opens them and finds me sitting on the grass in front of her, my blue-jean clad legs folded at my side. "Nana." She wipes away the smudged makeup under her eyes. "I didn't hear you approaching." "One of the benefits of being old," I smile. "Our bodies and souls are so close to the hereafter that our footsteps are almost ghost-like." She shakes her head, and I chuckle. "What is it, Child? Has the boy finally driven you insane, or is it something else that's got you like this?" "It's…" She looks up and holds my gaze. Her eyes are so much like my own used to be: rich golden orbs I saw in my reflection for so many decades. My husband says that Isabella's long, thick chestnut hair is exactly the same shade as mine as well. Then I remind him that my hair hasn't had a lick of chestnut in it for at least two decades, and that I've got four eyes now instead of two. It's his love for me that keeps me perpetually young in his eyes. The mirror tells a completely different story. "You wouldn't understand, Nana," Isabella says, forcing my attention back to her. "Now I know I'm no spring chicken," I chuckle, "but I remember what it's like to have young children. And I also remember what it's like to have a man off at war. "Yes, I know you do, Nana," Isabella says. "But times have changed." She looks off into the horizon, her honey-colored eyes hardening, losing their sweet softness. "Warfare has changed. There are drones now, and IEDs, and men who twist religious beliefs to suit their own horrific purposes. And I know that when you grew up, you had hardships too, Nana, like the Depression and yes, the war." She narrows her eyes. "But you didn't have the horrors of school shootings or of children killing children. You didn't have the Taliban or Isis or home-grown terrorists for that matter, and you certainly didn't have to grow up in the aftermath of Nine-Eleven," she snorts. "There was an innocence to your time that my children will never experience. And any innocence this country, this world may have still possessed was lost on Nine-Eleven." She looks down. Her boot-covered feet drag through the indentation of dirt that decades of swinging have left in that spot. "Life is so much harder now, Nana. You just wouldn't understand." I gaze at my favorite granddaughter. She's my favorite because she's his favorite. And she's his favorite because he says he sees a reincarnation of me in her. A reincarnation of me physically yes, but more than that, he sees a reincarnation of the way I once saw the world with optimism and faith, with unshakable beliefs and with a certainty in the basic concepts of love, promise and hope. She doesn't seem to possess that faith in love and hope right now, and I don't want him to see her this way. I lay a heavily lined, wrinkled hand on Isabella's leg, waiting patiently for her to once more meet my eyes. "Isabella, I am turning ninety today, and yes, times have certainly changed in the past few years, but I know about life. I know about love. I know about blessings and heartache and unbridled joy. I know about fury, and believe it or not," I grin, "I know quite a bit about passion as well. I know about innocence had and innocence lost." I close my eyes then. Behind ancient lids, I see them all young and strong. I see the river sparkling like diamonds, and Sandy running and barking. I see Carlisle and Esme sitting out on the porch, kissing quietly by the light of the full moon. I see Alice running with her skirts flying high in the wind, and Jasper chasing her despite his bad leg. I see Rose and Masen holding hands through the woods. I see Jacob, smiling. I see my Dad…I see Papa Phil…I see Mother with her glittering diamonds… But most prominently I see him; I see bright, emerald eyes full of an innocence that stole my breath, an innocence that stole my heart. An innocence an entire nation lost one dark, December day. Isabella believes my time was the age of innocence. Well it was, I suppose, but it was so much more than that. "I was just shy of ten years old the first time I met him…" A/N: Thoughts? This will be mainly in BPOV, with EPOVs later on in the story. It will update twice weekly, Mondays and Thursdays. Also, in this coming Thursday's posting, we'll begin a playlist of the great music that came out of the 1930's and 1940's. :) It's been a while since we've WIP'd together, so let me know if you've got any other questions, Lovies. :) Twitter: PattyRosa817 Link to 'Stories by Pattyrose' on facebook is on my profile page.