mane, you are lightly touching your bruised and swollen lips with a look of unadultered terror. Wait, did you...you're touching your lips...does that mean? "Lina, Lina did you feel that? I mean, the other you, did you?" No answer. Grabbing your shoulders I face you towards me and all the sudden you're pissed. "You selfish, self-serving, self-absorbed, arrogant fucking asshole!" Crimson is rushing to your cheeks and your entire body is shaking like you are about to phase " I came here to let go, to help us both let go. I came so that you, that we had closure and a chance and true happiness with our real mates. But no, now look at what you've done. I felt it, of course I felt it. Now there will be confusion, more confusion and heartbreak, more longing and wondering, more missing. I...I...why, why did you have to ruin this? Why couldn't you let me be happy too, are you the only one who matters, do you find me so undeserving Jacob?" There is a brokenness in your eyes now, I despise myself for it, but I can't, I can't just let you go Lina. "Why Jake? You let me go a long time ago, you just don't like it that this doesn't feel like your decision this time, which is right, cause it's not. This time it is my choice Jake, and I choose Embry…" You turn to look at him holding you and a serene smile spreads across your features, the sadness that I caused in your eyes is now replaced with a gentle adoration. It is killing me to watch you look at him like that. "It is not killing you Jake, it just hurts is all. You will not die." You turn to me and place your hands on my slumped shoulders with an ease that tells me you are really over me, over this. "I promise." "How can you be so ready to end it? Do you know if you will even remember me, will you ever think of me again when it is done?" "I will always think of you Jake, you were my first love, but instead of the constant ache that accompanies my memories, it will only be with a fondness of an old lover and friend with whom I shared so many firsts with. I will remember you Jake, I can promise you that." I watch as you raise your delicate hand and place it on my cheek, I lean into the touch, savoring these last moments of contact between us. I want capture this moment and keep it forever, I want to keep you forever, and my heart breaks once more with the realization that this is will be all that I have left of you, a memory of your spirit letting go of mine, releasing me- as you say. "I am releasing you Jake." Please. "Please." I don't know what else to say. Please what? Please don't go. Please don't love him. Please still want me. Please..what? "Exactly Jake. That's the exact reason you have to give me this. You never really knew what you wanted, just that you never wanted to imprint. I will give you points for at least semi trying to make it work, for the sake of me, but all of your resistance and indecision only ever hurt me. I know you can look back and see that. The good times were few and far between, so I am asking you, please don't hurt me anymore Jake. Please just let me be happy too." You are looking at me with such sincerity and hope in your eyes, I want to just stay here, and have you keep looking at me like that. "You have a good thing here Jake, you've been happy all this time. The only thing that was truly holding you back was that "what if" in the back of your mind. The wondering if I was okay, or if I had pulled a Bella and gone catatonic." You just had to get your dig in didn't you, I think with mirth. " I really did think that coming here, that doing this would help you. I have already let go, sort of" You turn to look at you again, there is still a bit of confusion and fear in your eyes as you look off into the distance, your hand occasionally leaving your chest to brush across your lips. Then you turn to look at me with a scowl again. "I hadn't thought about you in a while now, not like that anyways. It was more like the "I hope he is doing well" kind of thing. But now..I don't even know. I am hoping that maybe I will just believe that it was a fluke, that I couldn't have possibly really felt that, but I know I won't. I just hope that it doesn't affect me to strongly." Is it bad that I hope it does? "Yes." You point me with a glare again. "It is bad, it's selfish and hurtful. I am happy, and so are you. We have found our mates, our loves, and I just want for the both of us to be free Jake. Won't you do this for me? I have never asked for anything from you Jake, so please remember that in comparison to all you have asked of me, and let me be happy." And with that, your final plea, you lay your hand against my cheek and place a soft kiss on the other. When you pull back there is a look of love and adoration in your eyes that I thought I would never see again. And you were gone. Aside from this feeling of despair, I am grateful. All I am thinking at this moment is 'Thank you', for giving me that look just one more time. Like I was your world again. And to please 'Come back'. Then I wake up.