as they helped him to the kitchen. They made him sit on the tall stool at the island. Edward quickly got out the first aid kit and a pack of ice from the freezer and gave it to Jasper who had taken unbuttoned his shirt revealing his left shoulder. Edward grimaced at the bruise, it wasn't very big, but they could easily tell where the heel dug in as the skin was torn off, but not deep enough to bleed. The surrounding skin was bright red and swollen, Jasper hissed as he placed the ice pack over the wound, but sighed in relief after a few minutes, relaxing on the island as the coldness helped numb the pain. Emmett had emptied the laundry and took the clothes upstairs. Edward and Jasper heard the front door close and Emmett walked back into the kitchen, making a direct beeline to his brothers. "She's gone," he informed them, and gently moved the ice pack from Jasper's shoulder, "the swellings gone down a little. But I'll clean it up and bandage it just to be on the safe side." Jasper nodded, but didn't say anything. He sat up straight, letting his big brother inspect and clean the wound. Jasper leaned into Edward who stood on his right side; he could tell his brother was tired as he practically let his full weight fall onto him. But Edward didn't mind, he would be there to comfort and support his brothers like they did for him. Emmett finished off placing the bandage on the wound and packed everything away. He went to the sink, took a glass and filled it with cold water for Jasper. "Here drink this," he instructed and Jasper took the glass and drank the water down. "Is it still hurting?" Jasper nodded, "yes, but not as much as before." Emmett, Jasper and Edward never lied to each other. No matter what it was about they were truthful to no other, but to each other. There was no point hiding anything because they always knew when the other had something on his mind or was hiding something. And they knew if they were hurting or in any pain, it will only hurt the others if they hide it and didn't tell. "Maybe you should take some painkiller," said Edward, he looked at his older brother, "do we have any left?" Emmett nodded, "we should. Hold on." He quickly went to one of the cabinets on the far side of the kitchen and refilled Jaspers glass. "Here you go," he handed the painkiller tablets to Jasper and placed the glass in front of him. Jasper frowned; he didn't want to take them. He never liked taking tablets. "Do I have too?" Edward smiled at Jasper's pouting face as Emmett gave him a stern look, "don't be a stubborn git and just take it bro." Jasper pout deepened, but he sighed after a second and took the medicine, washing it down with the water. "You happy?" he said after he finished. Emmett grinned, "Loads." He took the glass and walked to the sink intending to wash it. Jasper stuck his tongue out at him and Edward laughed. A few minutes of silence passed and Jasper sighed again, "just another normal day." His brothers looked at him solemnly and nodded in agreement. "Just another normal day," repeated Edward in a whisper, he couldn't help but think this was sad, to expect the next day to be filled with mundane chores, neglect and fights with their Aunt. The only time they enjoyed the day was when they were out of the house and away from here, but they were becoming few and short. The need to leave was becoming stronger and stronger by each passing day, but Edward knew his Aunt was right about one thing, they couldn't truly be rid of her or her them until he turned of age and the law wouldn't keep bring them back to her. He knew there was something more that made their Aunt put up with them. Why else would she call the authorities to find them and bring them back and make up some sob story to hide any suspicion after the many attempts of escape they made in the past. But for the life of him he hadn't figured it out yet. He just couldn't wait until he turned eighteen and they could finally leave this place. "Come on guys, lets head upstairs," Emmett's voice broke him out of his thoughts and he looked down at Jasper and grinned. Jasper had fallen asleep on his shoulder. Edward looked up at the clock and it was nearly ten o'clock, he turned his head back to Emmett. His older brother was grinning as well, "Come on Ed." They managed to get Jasper onto Emmett's back and both younger and older brothers had to smile when their middle brother circled his arms around his brother's shoulder and snuggled into his neck. Edward turned off the kitchen light and followed Emmett and Jasper upstairs. (A/N) That's the end of the first chapter of my first twilight story. Pretty long isn't it for a first chapter (grins sheepishly) had a lot to fit in, but I hope you enjoyed it. Please let me know what you think, like always constructive criticism and helpful advice is always appreciated and I apologise for any spelling or grammar mistakes. I hope you like the brotherly love between the Cullen Brothers; they've been through a lot so they will be really close. The next chapter will explain about Carlisle and Esme absence and the girls will come up in further chapters (smiles) . Update news and info about this story as it progresses will be posted on my profile under My Stories - Update News, so keep a look out (grins) . Now please review and let me know what you think (smiles and points down to the review box) . You know what to do.