white stick, she stuck it between her full lips and lit up. "Thanks for… everything." Renesmee said, not meeting his eyes. Alec inclined his head, "You're welcome." A moment passed, the only sound was the hum of the fan above their heads and cars driving passed the pub. Renesmee took a long, deep sigh of chemicals before she leaned forward to grab her ash tray. She flicked off the ash on the end before glancing at Alec, her eyes assessing him carefully. "So, um," she said, clearing her throat, "What did you see?" He'd not wanted to push her, but he'd caught the gist of her upbringing that had led to her downfall and yet, it still felt like he was missing several pieces of the puzzle. "I'm not sure." he admitted. She was not the least bit embarrassed, simply withdrawn in a way he didn't understand. "It's been so long since I've even thought of it, really," she murmured, taking another drag of her cigarette. Alec sat silently, patiently awaiting her story. "It was my eleventh birthday when Jake and I got married. It sounds bad, but physically, I hadn't grown much since I'd matured to the human-physique of eighteen. I was still little Renesmee Cullen, the angelic half-breed that was never supposed to be possible. He'd been my big brother growing up, my best friend through my awkward transition from kid to teen, and my boyfriend/fiancé for the rest. We finally got married and everything seemed like it'd only get better. The first time we had sex, I thought he'd be my one and only," she laughed as if the idea were absurd. It chipped at what little humanity Alec had left. "Anyway, we tried and tried and tried oh-so-hard for a bouncing ball of joy, but… nothing. We went to Carlisle and he did the implant or whatever so Jake's sperm went directly to my eggs, but I guess I'm too different because my body rejected it after the second trimester." Suddenly, her eyes were, but she continued. "There was so much blood and I-I-I didn't know what happened. Two days before, she had a heart beat and a beautiful little face… but I guess it wasn't meant to be. Carlisle got my baby girl out and she was so small, so fragile, so… dead," pausing, she shook her head. "Jake wouldn't have it. He refused the fact that I couldn't conceive so he kept getting me pregnant. I had miscarriage after miscarriage. It was debilitating; I felt like shit all the time and thought I would never have children until I carried my little boy to full term. We were so excited, naming the baby Jacob Edward Black. I went in to labor and I thought it was the best thing to ever experience until Carlisle told me junior was a stillborn," she let out a shaky breath and Alec almost told her she need not continue, but she collected herself quiet easily. She rolled her shoulders back and went on. "Finally, I told Jake no more. I couldn't take it and I guess he didn't want to deal with it so the next morning, I woke up to an empty bed. He didn't leave a note or tell anyone he was leaving. He just… left. Bella blamed me for it, saying she almost died to have a child and demanded to know why I couldn't do as much for Jake. No one else was really that mad, but they all grew bitter. My mother had incredible ways of making everyone turn against you and so they did. Five years later, I woke up to realize no one cared what happened to me anymore so I did what Jake did and left without a trace," she said, her voice unnaturally relaxed. "I remember doing everything humanly possible to cover my tracks. I didn't want them to find me if they changed their minds so I found Dublin's rattiest, little corner and had the feeling fucked out of me. No one here questions why I haven't aged for nearly fifteen years. They're all too drunk or high to know the difference anyway, but I'm content here… or was, until Jacob showed up." Alec stared at her, wondering how all that could've happened to her. He'd always hated the Cullen's, but assumed they were rational and intelligent. Surely, they didn't actually blame her for not being able to have children, but with the sullen look on her face, he knew that there wasn't much of an explanation for anything else. "I'd offer an apology, but that seems out of place." Alec said, almost to fill the empty air. Renesmee smirked, shaking her head and stood up. He assessed her again, in a different light for the third time since he met her. The first time, he had seen a sexual goddess on the hunt. Last night, he saw an innocent girl broken by a family that was supposed to love her. Today, he saw a strong woman that accepted her mistakes and regretted nothing in her life. It was something he couldn't deny that he respected, as she had experienced a life many wouldn't have bothered to fight through and yet, she had without complaint. "You wanted to know and now, you do. It's in the past, I've moved on. It still hurts, but it's a scar that will forever linger. Jake just reminded me of how fucking easy their lives are. You know, he honestly believed I would take him back after everything and all that time. He thought I'd forgive and forget, like he'd done, like the rest of my family had done. I can forgive, but I can't forget. I never forget. I'm not a Cullen," she sighed and took another hit, her gaze lingering out the window. A long, breathless moment passed before she released a cloud of smoke. "I never was." The End *1. "You could get hurt." *2. "Do I look scared?"