turned toward the mirror to check my appearance for the last time. "How do I look?" I asked, feigning enthusiasm. "Your clothes are great but your facial expression is that of a dead man walking." Just then, we were interrupted by a knock on the door. "Edward, are you ready? We're supposed to start in five," a production assistant I'd seen a few times already asked, sticking his head into the room. Taking a deep breath, I answered, "As ready as I'll ever be." With Emmett by my side, I entered the room where the wedding ceremony was supposed to take place. About fifty people were sitting in rows of white, cloth-covered chairs. The people on the left side I knew. They were my friends and family, with my parents sitting front and center. The right side of the nicely decorated aisle was occupied by people I'd never before seen in my life. They were all eyeing me speculatively; some with excited surprise, others with skepticism clear on their faces. There were also five cameras placed strategically around the room. That was something I had to get used to and fast. I took my designated spot in front of the altar with Emmett next to me, giving me all the support he could offer. I threw him a tight smile, which he returned, then focused my attention toward the double doors at the other end of the room. All of a sudden, the traditional wedding march started and the doors opened slowly, revealing first a giant Native-American man in his mid-twenties. On his arm was a petite woman. Her dark curls were pinned to the top and from the back of her head a long veil emerged. Only a few curled strands fell freely around her heart-shaped face, whose paleness accentuated her mesmerizing dark eyes, which were framed by long, dark lashes. As my gaze traveled downward, I noticed her shoulders were bare as the bodice of her dress was tight around her torso and down to her hips. From there, it flared out wider and flowed lightly to the floor. Around her waist, there was a twinkling belt that made her look even slimmer than she already was and enhanced her perfect curves. She was a vision. I was sure, had she been at the same bar or club as me, I'd have spotted her in a crowd of hundreds of people, because she would be the most beautiful woman in every room, and not in an artificial or forced way. She looked very natural, with only the smallest amount of makeup, but her beauty was mesmerizing. As my eyes roamed up her delectable body again, I noticed her gaze was fixated to the floor; her full, rosy bottom lip caught between her teeth as she bit down hard on it. The man who was supposed to walk her to me leaned down and whispered something into her ear, which made her look up at me and gasp as her eyes widened in shock for a second. The corners of her mouth began to twitch upward, and they finally started their slow approach toward the altar and … me. My stomach was doing somersaults; my blood racing in my ears. This woman resembled nothing like Frankenstein's Bride. She was gorgeous — and supposed to be mine. They halted in front of me, and Native Guy released her hand, kissed her cheek, then sat down. The music stopped and my blushing bride — blushing indeed — smiled at me nervously as the celebrant started to speak. "Isabella Swan, meet your husband-to-be, Edward Masen. Edward, this is Isabella, your bride." Oh. My. God. She's perfect. How in the hell will I ever divorce her? … To be continued — and prefaced ;) ********TtK******** looong A/N: I was beginning to feel desperate when Two Blue Lines was coming to an end, and I was still waiting for the right idea for a follow up project. Then a German TV station started to air the first season of Married at First Sight, and immediately, the plot bunnies attacked. Yes, there were several ideas how this story could play out, and it wasn't easy to pick one of them over the others. After a long evening of bouncing ideas back and forth with LaPumuckl , the outline was more or less done. When I read about the Meet the Mate Contest , I decided to write this synopsis of sorts to see how you all like the idea. Once the whole story begins to post, it's going to start before this OS, and the it will continue until long after the OS ends ;). I hope you're going to be along for the ride. If you're interested, you should put me on author's alert. I have to tell you that I only took the basics from Married at First Sight and made up most of what my blind wedding show entails. For example, I have no idea if there's any money involved in MaFS . I really hope there isn't. I also don't know what the production company really pays for or what expectations had to be met by the participants. So please, look at this as my imagination running wild. Now finally, how did you like it? Edward's an ass — for now — but isn't he hot, nevertheless? And what do you think are Bella's reason for doing the show? There is a piece about her I initially wrote for this OS but which was later deleted in the editing process. I might post it here some time to shorten the wait for the whole story, but I can't make any promises right now. Anyway, please, tell me what you think, here or on Facebook in my group Payton79's Fanfiction . You can see heartfortwilight 's wonderful banner there. Also, any news about this story will be posted in the group first and probably some teasers, too. Hope to see you there.