Peter swore under his breath, we all gave him a questioning look and he was just going to answer when I smelt it. Her scent, Strawberrys, Vanilla, Sandalwood, Lavandar. Home, Texas. I looked round for the person it was coming from when I saw her, She was standing there with some human guy following her, but she was trying to get ride of him, I could see she was trying to stay in control of her anger but he was really pissing her off. I saw her look up and look round for Peter when she spotted me looking at her. I couldnt take my eyes off her she was beautiful, even with all the scars she now had and there was alot. It seemed she had frozen up on finding me cause she was just looking into my eyes. It was like five minutes before anyone said anything and the person to brake the silence was Peter, he got up went over to her and grabbed her hand, telling the kid to fuck off. She smiled at him in thanx and he brought her over to our table. "Guys I'd like you to meet my baby sister Isabella Marie Whitlock, Bella this is Jasper's family, Rosalie, Emmett, Edward and thats Alice, ya know the crazy pixie I told ya bout" Alice growled at that but nobody payed attention. Cause all attention was on me and Bella who was still looking at me. I could feel her emotions, Pain, Loss, Hurt, Betrayal, Depression, Desparation, Anger, And love. I decided we were quite long enough and broke it. "Hey Darlin how are ya?" She blinked her eyes a could times, then smiled softly at me. "Hey Jazz Im okay how are you?" "Im good." She sat down next to me, just when I was gonna ask her how long she had been away from Maria, Peter asked her a question. "Baby sis, why were you late to lunch?" "Stupid human teacher learing at me in my maths class, So I kindly asked him to stop eye fucking me before I ripped his eyes out. So he gave me detention. I tell ya Petey I almost killed the fucker." "Sweetheart, I know this is hard for you but ya gots to learn how to handle that and not threaten everyone that looks at you." "Yeah well it aint easy is it dammit." "I know Im sorry baby girl, If I could take the pain away I would you know that." She nodded at that and left it there. I need to know what the fuck that was all about. Where has she been for the past sixty five years, why didnt she come looking for me. So many questions, "Jazz you need to calm the fuck down with them thoughts and emotions of yours cause there giving me a damn mother fucking headache. I get it you got questions but guess what so do your damn family. Trust me people my story aint nice it aint a bedtime story. Jasper has a right to know but you fuckers I dont know and aint comfortable with right now so fuck off with the thoughts." Wow I think she shocked the shit outta my family. "OKay Darlin Im sorry. How about this, you follow us home after school and meet our coven leader then tell us your story?" "Coven leader? Jazz how can you have a coven leader when your the leader of the Whitlock coven?" Before I could answer Alice beat me to it. "Because you slut he belongs with us, he is part of our family and as my husband he is by law not a Whitlock anymore." Shit, I looked over to Bella and all I saw was pain. And thats when the flood gate of emotions opened. So much heartache and pain. "Alice you little shit dont call her a slut again ya hear." Bella just got up and left, Peter looked like he wanted to rip our heads off. "Look you bunch of animal munching ass wipes. That girl has been through more shit then any vampire around today, she is not known as the damn Goddess of war for nothing. Dont piss her off because she aint as refind as us she hasnt been away from Maria long enough, And Im warning all of ya, ya upset her ya wont just get her hurting ya. And Jazz you need to man the shit up find your balls and sort this shit out with her. Because you hurt her anymore I will rip ya head off. I'll get her to your house after school but thanks to Alice she may not tell you her story." He then left leaving me with the stupid pixie. "What the fuck Alice? We aint married we aint even together anymore so what the fuck is wrong with you?" She just looked at me it was Emmett who spoke. "Alright Jasper calm down god its not like Bella is your mate like Alice is." "What the fuck Emmett? I told you all when I came that she was not my Mate. I have a Mate her name is ISABELLA MARIE WHITLOCK. Do any of you know how hard it is living without your mate for sixty five years? No then shut the fuck up." With that I walked out of the caferteria and to the forest, I ran home and called Carlisle where I explained what happened and that we would have guests coming round after school and also about what Alice did. "I swear Carlisle if she says something she is going to get hurt. From what Im guessing Bella hasnt been away from Maria very long. So just keep her quite please." "Of course Jasper" I hung up then went to my study to wait for Bella, Peter and Char. God I cant believe I am seeing her after so long. She is still so beautiful and her scars just imrpove it.