comfort you and tell you everything was alright that I'm here..." he whispered. "Oh.." "I tried to help us both out. Everytime you were near me I could smell the need in you. I knew you wanted me just like I wanted you..but like I said once we were together there was no turning back for you." he said kissing his way down my neck. "And so you want me now?" I asked pushing up against him. "Every single bit of you." he said before he kissed me for real this time. At first it was all slow but then it got all hot. This kiss wasn't like Embry's..this one meant something. "Paul b..but-" "Say you'll be mine Bella." he growled grabbing my half covered ass and picking me up. I looked into his dark lusted eyes and seen many different emotions...need, want, fear, love... "Yeah I always was Lahote." he just smiled before kissing me again. "Finally and we just had to plan a game of Truth or Dare for them to finally get together." Kim laughed from the doorway. "Wait...you guys planned this?" I asked breaking contact from Paul. "Yeah it was actually kinda fun." Jake chuckled. "Seriously?" Paul asked looking as shocked as I am. "Yup." Leah smirked. "So this outfit.." "It was planned out...honey I don't keep things like that in my closet." Emily giggled. "And Lauren.." Paul said. "She was in on it too. We called her and she said it was about time you found somebody good for you." Jared laughed. "What about you and your dress..." I asked him surprised he would go along with that. "Now that wasn't planned..." he growled glaring at Sam. "What about the kiss Jake and Leah gave her." Paul asked. "Now that one wasn't planned either but hey I'm not complaining." Jake smirked earning a slap from Leah. "Okay what about Embry?" "Now that was the one we put the most thought into..we had to think of something that would get Paul fired up..so why not send Embry in, the smartest of us all." Quil said. "Yeah Embry I didn't know you could act like that." I blushed thinking back to what all we did. "Oh you that was barely anything." he winked making Paul growl. "I'm just glad you guys are a couple now! So that means more fun for us." Kim smiled. "But now we have to deal with Paul and his...sex life." Seth mumbled. "What do you mean?" Jake asked. "Their gonna be fucking everywhere now!" Seth explained. "Shit...I forgot about that." Sam whispered. Just them talking about Paul and me made me blush. "Can you guys leave..." Paul whispered biting my neck. "No it's time to make dinner." Emily replied turning on the light breaking the mood. "I swear your mine later.." he growled before walking out the door. I followed Emily to the kitchen with the rest of the girls behind me. "Since the game is over can I go change out of this...outfit." I begged. "Yeah and you better keep it too cause I bought it just for you." she smirked. "Oh lucky for me." I mumbled but before I could reach the stairs the front door slammed open and in walked Old Quil, Billy, Harry, and..Charlie? "What is going on here?" Charlie asked. "What do you mean dad?" "Bella what in the hell are you wearing?" he shouted. "Umm." I didn't know what to say and I felt awkward standing in front of my dad like this. Thank God Paul got up and stood in front of me. "It was a dare dad calm down." "Who in the hell dared you to dress like that?" he asked veins popping out of his head. Everyone looked at Quil who was currently eating a banana. "Don't look at me...we were all in it together." he mumbled. "Why in the hell were you running around the streets naked?" his grandfather asked. "Ask Paul he was the one who dared me." everyone looked towards Paul who was eyeing the males carefully. "Son why are hovering over my daughter like that?" Charlie asked stepping forward but stopping when Paul growled. I wrapped my hands around his waist from behind hoping it would relax him. I felt him relax a little but he was still tense around everyone. "Finally." Billy whispered rolling his way towards Charlie. "I'm confused." Charlie replied. "He finally excepted the imprint." Billy explained. Charlie looked at Paul before walking towards us, ignoring everyone's calls and Paul's growling. He walked up eye to eye with Paul and reached his hand out. "Take care of my baby girl Lahote." he whispered. Paul suddenly stopped growling and looked at him curiously. "Your not mad?" he asked. "No..we all been waiting on you to come to your senses about it and now that you finally did you have my full blessing. So again take care of our girl Paul Lahote." Charlie said shaking his hand and walking away. "Well now that we're all on the same page..who wants to stay for dinner?" Emily asked. "Me." everyone shouted. I rested my head against Pauls back and relaxed. After a year he finally came to his senses and now here I stand with the guy of my dreams and the family I always wanted. I look around to see the laughter and joy in everyone's faces and I think to myself...It only took one game of Truth or Dare..just one. "Hey why is Jared wearing a dress?" Harry asked making us roar of laughter again. So did you like it? Please review! Oh and I'm thinking about making another short story about the wolf pack going camping. I know crazy right? wolves sleeping in the woods with their mates...you never know who or what is lurking around. Well please message or review on this story if you would want me to do that story. Oh and again I do not own Twilight or any of the characters.. XoXo