would like that. When? -Whenever you want. How about next Friday? -Next Friday's good.- Jared smiled. They stayed like that for a few hours, talking about everything, Jared told her more about his parents and his life, he explained that he, Sam and Paul did something called patrolling, which was walking around the Rez and checking everything was as it should be. They had shifts to patrol. Sam was taking a year off community college to work on the Rez and with the pack, so he took the morning shifts while Jared and Paul were at school, the afternoons were Paul's and Jared's shifts, they took turns on the days depending on what they had to do, on the night patrols, Sam did Mondays and Wednesdays, Paul did, Tuesdays and Thursdays and Jared did Fridays and Saturdays, the Sundays were on whomever was available. He told her the three of them were very close, and that they were keeping an eye on Embry and Jacob since they were showing signs of phasing soon. Bella couldn't picture the happy Jacob as an angry boy. Bella told him about herself, her life with Renee, her summers with Charlie, and making mud pies with Jacob and his sisters. She told him about her plans for college, her plans for life, and told him about her childhood of Ballet lessons. They both learned a lot about each other, but it wasn't nearly enough for both of them, only time would ensure that. Around one a.m, they called it a night and return to the bonfire, realizing that the only ones left were Paul and Angela (who were speaking and laughing) and Sam with his girlfriend and imprint Leah. Jared introduced Bella to his brothers and Leah. The girls seemed to like each other which was great. Leah was a nice girl and now she wouldn't be the only girl. … … … The weekend went off with the blink of an eye, the same with the week. It was Wednesday and Mr. Banner was absent from class, so the students had the hour off. Bella went to the school yard to text with Jared and enjoy the sunny day. They had spent many hours texting and some more speaking over the phone. She had to bite her lip to stop a scream when she read the text she got. Apparently I wasn't the only one to imprint last week. Paul imprinted on Angela, could you believe that? He is virtually unrecognizable. In fact he is demanding to know about her right now. By the way, shouldn't you be in class right now? I can't wrap my mind around the idea of Angela and Paul dating, how did that happened? Angela is in art history right now, I was in bio, but my teacher didn't come. Shouldn't you be in class too? Day off by teacher's meeting. I have patrol in ten minutes. Had to switch with Sam. I'll call you when I'm done here. Bella opened the book she had taken from her locker and continue reading it to waste some time until next class came. But she couldn't concentrate on her reading, this past three days had been sunny days which meant she haven't seen Edward or any of the Cullen siblings since Friday, and she was a little nervous thinking about their next encounter. She really wished all the happiness for Edward, because he deserved it. The fact that she didn't enjoy the same subjects as often as him, didn't meant that no one would, or that she wouldn't enjoy them more one day as a hobby. She wished for him the perfect woman, someone who enjoy talking about religion and souls and metaphysics, a woman who could teach him not to take himself too seriously. She hoped he find her, human or vampire. End of chapter one. So, at the beginning I said that Alice can't see the wolves, but i couldn't say more because i would have being spoiling you. Here we go, Alice can't see the wolves, but she doesn't know it. They know there once were werewolves on the reservation but they don't know they are back, so, that's the element of surprise. Alice can't see Bella clearly once Jared imprints on her, but the panic call was because Jared was going to Charlie's house, therefore she couldn't see anything regarding to Bella and Edward for the entire duration of the visit (in case Edward had stayed), once he left, he came back to her visions, but not Bella. The sad expression on Alice's face in the parking lot at school is due to Bella's decision of ending her relationship with Edward. As i said, Jared had already imprinted on Bella, and she had unconsciously accepted it, so Alice couldn't see her anymore, but she could see Edward alone, so she put two and two together and got to the conclusion that Bella was either dead (which she wasn't because she was at the school) or she had break up with Edward. Another thing. When Jared goes to Charlie's house, he's thinking of Leeches yes, but he isn't thinking about being a wolf, so Edward took his thoughts as Jared being superstitious just as Charlie saw Billy. NO, CHARLIE DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT WOLVES NOR VAMPIRES, BUT HE WILL. I wanted Bella to freak out a little, because the stories were comming to life, and she was the spirits-chosen one-to-be-the-imprint-girl. Seeing as she didn't know all the stories nor knew about imprinting I thought it would be fun to play with that and freak her out. On my Paul/Bella story, the Cullens were never a part of Bella's life, but she had Jacob as a wolf-best friend, so she sort of knew everything, so she didn't freak out. Any way, that's all i wanted to clarify ! :) Hoped you like it REVIEWWW! Merry Christmas, or Happy Hannukah, or Happy whatever Holiday you're celebrating this month :) Paty4Hale 1/12/16