the soft, velvety voice speak to me. His voice was sweet and addicting. I looked up to see who belonged to this sultry voice. He was tall and had spiked golden red hair. His glistening, gold eyes were beautiful and looked as though I could see into his soul. His cheekbones were perfectly chiseled as though he was a statue made of stone. I had never seen a man, let alone a human who was so beautiful and perfect. He was wearing a dark black pin-stripped suit with a red dress shirt underneath. Unfortunately, the coffee I had spilled on him was now soaking through his suit. "I am so sorry…is there anything I can do?" I asked trying not to cringe or think how expensive his suit was. I knew I wouldn't be able to pay him back, no what the matter the cost. Even though I had money in my bank account, which Renee, Charlie and I had deposited for my school, I didn't want to spend it. So, I currently only had enough to cover my living expenses and food. "Oh, this thing? I have a lot of these at home; I was going to throw it out, anyway…but there is something you can do for me. After all, you did spill coffee on me." His silky voice said making me tremble all over. "Of course, what is it?" I asked. "Let me buy you another coffee, just a small one from Starbucks, no big deal." He said. I looked at him puzzled. I didn't know this man, and yet he was offering to buy me a coffee. "Excuse my manners, I'm sorry. I'm Edward Cullen. It's a pleasure to meet you." He said as he reached out to shake my hand. What? Edward Cullen? The billionaire who lived in that nice mansion, who wasn't married was asking me out? Why would he want to ask me out? He could go out with any girl that he wanted. So, why me? Even though I didn't know him, I had a strange feeling in my stomach that I wanted to get to know him. As strange as it was, I felt as though he already had a hold on me, and now I was under his sexy spell. "Hi. It's nice to meet you too, Edward. My name is Isabella Swan, but I prefer Bella," I said as I shook his hand. "What a beautiful name. So what do you think, will you let me buy you a coffee?" He asked again. What was I supposed to say? I would be an idiot not to say yes, but I would also be an idiot for going out for coffee with a stranger, who could be a pedophile or murderer. "Yes, I'll let you buy a coffee. Again, I'm sorry that I ruined your suit," I said. "Great answer, Bella. I would be happy to buy a coffee for you. Besides, I wouldn't want you to spend $10,000 dollars for a new suit." He said as he smirked. I felt my heart move to my throat causing me to almost choke. Was he wearing a $10,000 dollar suit? I ruined a $10,000 suit, and he didn't care? Wow, it must be nice to have that kind of money. No wonder he could afford that mansion. "C'mon let's go." He said as he tugged at my arm which sent shivers down my spine. I nodded my head as we headed back to Starbucks. I couldn't help but feel people, especially women staring at me. When we entered the coffee shop; I could see people whispering and giving me dirty looks. Due to the uneasiness Edward could tell that I felt, we decided to get our coffee to go and take a walk. "I haven't seen you around before. Are you new to Laguna?" He asked as he took a sip of his coffee. "Yeah, I just moved here today from Forks, WA. I'm starting in the business program at the University of California, Irvine next month. I live in that apartment." I said and pointed to my apartment building. Then, I explained to him why I had moved and what I thought about the city. I don't know why, but I felt as though I could tell him anything. "I live in that large house on the corner. You may have seen it? My dad was the owner of Steam Specialty, an oil company, as well as other investments. He retired a couple of years ago, so now I'm in charge of everything." He explained causally and modestly. I couldn't help but fall hard for those eyes. I was so intrigued with listening to his voice that I didn't hear my phone vibrate. I looked down and saw that it was Jacob calling. "Oh excuse me," I said as I grabbed my phone. "Hi, Jake!" I exclaimed. But as soon as I said that, I saw anger in Edward's face, and his fingers were now clenched in tight fists. I tried to avoid what I saw as I filled Jake in on my place. "Yeah, please tell your cousin thanks, it is amazing. Everything is amazing even the view; you'll have to see it when you come down to visit! When are you coming down?" I asked trying to ignore Edward's angry eyes staring into mine. "Oh wow, I'm glad everything is going well. I miss you already! How about next weekend?" He asked. "I miss you too, Jake and next weekend sounds great! I can't wait! I'll see you then, and I'll Skype you later this week!" I said feeling happy that I had talked to him. "So who was that, your boyfriend?" Edward asked as his voice changed from a sultry one to a serious, scary one. "No, just a friend in Forks," I said wondering why he was acting this way. "Good Bella, because your mine." A/N: What did you guys? Please review and let me know!