him." "I don't need to do anything!" I snapped. "He phased too you know. It happened after he found out you disappeared. The Elders figured it was due to the rush of an emotional catalyst because of you leaving." "Get out." "I am 100% sure that you are his imprint Artemis." "Get out Paul," I growled flinging a porcelain mug at his head. . . . "It was written in the stars sweetheart." I glanced over at my grandfather as I'm baking some pastries that may feature on my menu at the café. "What was?" "You know what…" he replied with a knowing glint in his eyes. At my disbelieving face he just says, "You'll see." . . . I risk the bonfire weeks later. Dressed in dark colors I climb a tree with good coverage and lean against the thick trunk. Further away on the edge of the beach the fire burns and people crowd around. I can see my brother with his imprint Claire on his laps, his friends settle around him. The Pack leader Sam and his imprint Emily aren't that far away either but they are in their own little bubble. My grandfather and the other Elders are settling as well getting ready to begin the legends. But my eyes rest on him. He has gotten taller but he still has the same brown hair and eyes I love so much. He's sitting on log staring at the burning fire, beside him Paul is trying to cheer him up before he sighs and stares at the fire as well. When Billy Black's voice breaks through the idle chatter it all falls silent. The legends wash over us all and I feel a tightening in my chest as he talks about the Third Wife; I can't help but glance down at him. Grandfather said it was written in the stars. I wonder… . . . Leaving La Push was not easy. School started and that helped for a while. Until it didn't anymore. Instead I would retreat into my room and stare at the blank ceiling. I would hold onto the teddy bear he had once given me and cry myself to sleep. Eventually I learned to push it all aside. Then the calls started up again. Paul. Jared. Grandfather. Quil. Paul. Jared. They never stopped until I got a new number. Leaving La Push definitely was not easy. . . . When my Café & Bakery opens- I feel happy. Every morning I walk up and smile at the sign. The Moon & Stars Café. Business is going surprisingly well. The people of Forks and La Push are often coming in and out of my shop. My grandfather loves to venture out and visit at random times to join me for coffee and muffins; he is often found at small table by the windows. Quil is working part-time as a barista along with his two friends. Paul continues to pop up to tease and gripe about coming to the bonfires. Overall I am content. But as grandfather loves to tell me- something is missing and I am just being a stubborn child by avoiding it for so long. . . . On my 23rd birthday the shop is bustling as soon as it opens. People wish me a happy birthday as they order and I grin. Paul greeted me with a suffocating hug and a leather bracelet he created himself. He spent the day helping me around the shop by waiting tables or bringing out the new pastries. Around four in the afternoon I had just cleared a table and turned back to head behind the cash register only to drop the plate in my hands. The crash drew everyone's attention and caused Paul to rush out from the back only to stare in shock. It seemed that grandfather was right. Again. The man was going to me insufferable to live with from now on. From behind me I could hear Paul snickering even as Quil hissed at him to be quiet and I could vaguely see my grandfather grinning from his usual spot by the window. He stood tall with a small smile that could melt hearts and soft brown eyes seemingly devouring me as I stood in front of him. An annoyed sigh came from behind, "Why aren't they doing anything? Isn't imprinting supposed to be life-changing shit?" Paul whined. "Shut up Paul," my brother shushed. His smile widened. "Hello Moon," and then he proceeded to pull my hair. I stared at him incredulously and could only sigh in fond exasperation before shoving him lightly. "Hi Jared." Paul just laughed. Written in the stars indeed… . . . "Hello Moon" -Meaghan Smith Hello moon up in the sky It's been a while Since you turned around And looked down on me And smiled Did you get scared Of the sun and the day The only one Who could chase you away Or were you swinging With the stars in sky Or did you just get too busy Bringing in the tides Don't forget About me please Even if I'm asleep Don't leave Without me knowing That I'm dreaming Profile Name: Artemis Ohle Ateara Nicknames: Moon, Luna, Arty Born: April 7th, 1990 Species: Human (carries a recessive wolf-shifter gene) Gender: Female Height: 5'5" Eye color: Dark brown Hair: Dark brown Family Members: Quil Ateara V (brother), Joy Ateara (mother), Quil Ateara III (grandfather) Occupation: recent Café & Bakery owner in Forks, Washington I don't really know why I decided to write this. The idea came to me yesterday and I just started writing until I finally finished it today. Originally it was going to be a PaulOC but I figured I have enough PaulOC fics and I thought I would try Jared instead. So here it is. I don't think I'm going to try to expand it. I kinda like how this ends. Either way please: REVIEW FAVORITE It only takes a couple of seconds.