believing me at first, but I showed him the box which he gave you, the jewels you were supposed to bring back and the journal in your handwriting. Then I showed him how to power the machine with solar energy, and we set it up for the time and place my grandmother instructed." "She left instructions ?" Bella nods. "Very specific ones. She'd figured out you'd need a second window that hadn't been planned when you left for Titanic. She figured out…a lot of things actually." I'm dumbfounded beyond words. For a long time, neither of us says anything. "You saved my life," I finally murmur. Her head whips up to me, soft brown eyes taking me in. "You saved my life. If you hadn't saved my grandmother, I would've never existed." "If you would've never existed, I would've never made it off that ship." We stare at each other and chuckle. "It's enough to drive one crazy," she smiles. I remember something else. "Jasper Whitlock Hale and his fiancée-" Bella grins. "They made it back to Boston safely. Got married a few months later and lived long and full lives. Had a son they named Edward." I grin smugly. "Of course." She laughs and gives me a playful punch on the arm. But in the next second she stiffens, looking away from me. "I've…made lunch, if you're hungry," she says, still staring at her lap. "I'm starving. What did you iChef?" She shakes her head. "Not iChef. I've made…poached eggs. I…read that you liked them." I draw in a few, unsteady breaths. "I love them." She looks up and smiles, and it's a smile that lights up her entire face. OOOOOOOOOO One month later Journal Entry 1: May 2033 We've spent the past month together, Bella, trying to put together the puzzle of the events of what was to me a few days, but to you, almost a lifetime. We've become good friends. Your smile fills my heart. Your laughter fills my days. I look into your eyes and I see the warmth I've been searching for my entire life – both in the past and in the present. Last night, we were having dinner at your place. You like cooking the old-fashioned way without the iChef, and I do taste the difference. Everything made from your hands tastes a thousand times better than anything I've ever had. When we were done, you were standing by the sink, watching the dishes load themselves into the washer when I came up behind you and slid my arms around your waist. You moved away. "I…have been in love with you since I was twelve, Edward, but it's not me you see," you said with your back to me. "It's her." I shook my head though you couldn't see me doing so. "It has always been you." I heard your labored breaths, and Bella, how I wanted to wrap you in my arms, but I needed you to understand first. "You're the one from my dreams, Bella. The one I described in my journal." You snorted. "Edward, I don't want you to think that the future is written for us. We make our own future. We make our own destiny. You saved her because of your actions, not because it was written." Your voice shook around your next words. "You loved her despite the space and time between you both, despite what should've been in your futures." That was when I turned you around to face me, Bella, and lifted your chin to me because I couldn't take you believing that for one more second. I forced you to hold my gaze so that you could see the truth of my next words, and because looking into your bottomless, chocolate eyes is something I can no longer live without. "I never loved her, Bella." "Throughout the entire journal, you wanted nothing more than to save her." "Because it was the only way I could come back to you . I didn't know it then, but I felt it, Bella. I dreamed of you, and it was those dreams that kept me going. Somehow knowing that you were here waiting for me, that there was warmth, and love, and vulnerability in store for me, Bella…" I breathed, gazing at your soft lips. "I had to save her because it was the only way you'd exist." And then I kissed you, Bella, and it was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. So much love, so much warmth, so much truth in that one kiss. Slowly, you responded, wrapping your arms around me, allowing me the heat I'd dreamed of. When I removed your clothes, Bella, I didn't need anything else underneath. You were perfection just the way you were. When I kissed your breasts, it was the sweetest nectar. When your mouth skimmed my entire body, I saw real, bright stars. When I slipped inside you, we made love, Bella; not sex, not desperation, not something confusing born out of simple lust. When you and I joined, the world disappeared. Your soft cries enlightened me. Your gentle moans liberated me. When our hips moved together there was an unequal rhythm to our motion. We fit together, Bella. When you clenched all around me, you filled my soul. When you cried my name, it was the voice of an angel. You were everything I had dreamed. You fulfilled my every fantasy, Bella, even the ones I'd never allowed myself to write about…to dream of. So yes, Bella, I do believe in choices. I do believe we make our own future. The future isn't written in stone. A good friend once told me that I'd die an old man, surrounded by those I loved and who truly loved me. You and I aren't together because we have no choice, but because all our choices have led us to this. What's meant to be is meant to be. And you and I were always meant to be.