liked her. She acknowledged him in Portuguese, but quickly noticed Jacob's hesitation. "Would it be more helpful for me to speak English?" She said in a softly accented voice. Jacob exhaled with relief. "Yes, please!" "You are looking to check into the hotel, yes?" "Yes, I would like a room with two beds please." "And what is the length of your stay with us?" "One week, please." Jacob felt it would be more prudent to stay only a short time while they got a taste of life in Rio. He reasoned that they would change hotels every so often to remain undetected. The woman clicked away at her computer while she looked for a vacancy. "Sir, I do see we have a room for you and your daughter with an ocean view on the fifth floor for $449 US dollars a night." "Perfect." The woman looked up and smiled. "Your credit card, please?" Jacob fished in his pocket for his card and slid it across the counter to the woman. "Thank you. My name is Inez. Please let me know if I can do anything else to make your stay with us more comfortable." A few hours after checking in, Nessie was sleeping soundly in bed. She had woken up while they were riding in the elevator going up to the room. When they entered the room, Nessie squealed and ran to the bed. Then she tore around the room inspecting all the amenities. The room was elegantly decorated in light colors with blue accents. Plush furniture invited them in as well as the sweeping views of the ocean and Copacabana Beach. There was a cabinet with a flatscreen television and a fully stocked minibar. The bathroom had a bathtub and a shower and it was completely covered in marble. There were high-end bath products and the most luxurious, fluffy white towels sitting on the counter. The ocean view could be enjoyed more thoroughly from the balcony, but Jacob thought it best that they stay inside during the daytime for now. It was late afternoon in Rio and it would soon be time for Nessie to go to sleep. She certainly needed it. While Nessie took a bath, Jacob ordered room service. Soon, they were eating club sandwiches in front of the TV while they watched American sitcoms dubbed into Portugese. Jacob had taken a shower after he had put Nessie to bed. It was dark now and he stepped out onto the balcony. Even though his entire world had been upended, he was now experiencing a moment of calm. It hit him. How far he had come in just the last few days. The furthest he had ever been from La Push was Canada. Now he was running across the globe trying to keep his best friend's daughter alive. He was her only chance. Jacob thought more about his friend. He knew in his heart that both Bella and Edward were dead. The Volturi had descended upon them and exercised their own brand of justice driven by their own jealousy. Jacob had wanted to break down and cry. After all, he may look like a man on the outside, but he was still very much a boy on the inside. And a scared one at that. He couldn't though. He had to keep it together for Nessie. He had to keep it together if he was going to be on his guard. Jacob took a deep breath and inhaled the sea air as well as the various flora and fauna. He felt clean. Especially since there was no trace of the fragrance of old death that vampires carried with them. They were safe. For now. For the first few days, Jacob kept Nessie inside the room. She understood why, but the little girl was starting to go stir crazy. So Jacob took her out for a bit. They had lunch and bought some new clothes including swimsuits. Nessie had taken one look at the hotel pool and made Jacob promise that he would teach her how to swim. And for the next two months, their lives continued in this pattern. Jacob continually extended their stay at the Copacabana Palace which offered Nessie some consistency. They would go to the hotel restaurant for breakfast and then spend all day by the pool or in the ocean. Nessie might meet a new friend to play with whose family was staying at the hotel on vacation. In the afternoons, she would read a book or practice her Portuguese with the hotel staff. Everyone just loved her. Not once since they had been here had Jacob sensed anyone or anything coming after them. He knew what Bella had intended by sending them to the sunny locale, yet, he couldn't help but think that there was something that they had to wait for in Rio. Everyday, Jacob waited for some sort of message or some sort of sign, but nothing ever came. It had been two months. If the Volturi were coming after them, they would have found them and taken them no matter the weather report. They had ways and means beyond their limitations. They must have been happy enough to decimate the Cullens. Maybe they felt they did not need Nessie after all. If Bella and Edward had survived, surely they would have found them by now. Jacob felt it was time to fulfill his other promise to Bella. He would take Nessie home to Charlie and tell him everything. A/N: Thank you so much for taking the time to read my story. Constructive criticism is always appreciated. Also, please note that I am probably not going to include the imprint in this story. I have always thought it was bizarre and, frankly, inappropriate and cannot bring myself to write about a relationship like that. It just creeps me out so I will instead focus on the friendship and obligation Jacob feels to his friend who has entrusted him with her daughter.