has been for the past few years. She was thing about how same of her dream are came true went she was kid at her restaurant would been really but it is now and to top it all off at she has a good men in her life now at love her with all of the crazy thing she has in her life with the Jacob problem. He make her life a live hell went I was with him and taking her younger year away from me and my sister younger years away too. Now here am in Italy working for the king and Queen for a partly they went me to put together for 500 people they know around the world. After I take my bath and thing about my life I got dress went in the live room where Edward was watching TV. Edward was thing how he is here with the love of his life Bella. He was thing how he can make with tripe better for Bella. He was going to ask Bella to marry him wily I was thing Bella walk in the room and sat next to me stare watching TV. So I ask her how is the family doing back home she said at they are great and they finish the restaurant and how they miss us they said at they love us too at was about it of the talk with my sister than I took a bath now am out here with you what about you? Well wily you did all at I was just thing about how we can make are last two day here the greats every and how is at Edward. Bella said well I was thing was could go for a walk around the city than go to a nice place to eat dinner than came back here watch a few movies. How at sound to you baby. Edward I thing at a good I deed ok let see look at my witches look like it 5:30 now so if we can be ready by 7:30 we can go out to the restaurant by 8:30 we can eat. Bella said at good plan I will go get ready for are evening out on the town. Edward went took a shower and got dress than wait on Bella to come out of the room so they can go out on the town to night. Bella came out of the room ready to go out so they left the room than got in the car went to the restaurant to eat a nice dinner. They order there food than ate it drinks wily eat they talk about how they can see there self in a few years from now. After they ate went to the park walk around than sat on the beach. Stare talk about same than Edward got down on one foot and asks Bella to marry her and she said yes with tray in her eyes. He got up pit the ring on her finger than kiss her on the lip for about a min than he said you make he the happy men a live and Bella said the same thing. After the lovey min they get up start walk back to the hotel and start talk about how they were going to tell with family the good news. So went they got in the room they sat in the living room for a few hours than they were going to cell the family tell them the good news over the phone. The phone stare ring than same answer the phone is was Bella mom. Bella ask her mom where was rest of the family and her mom said they are in the living room sit down watching TV. she ask why Bella said as she had same thing to tell the family is good news to shard the family with she said hold one for about a min then she told the family at Bella and Edward has same news too tell us so am going to pit u guys on spank phone. They said ok than she told Bella to tell us the good news. She said ok here it is guys we are getting marry. On the other end of the phone it was quit for a sec than everyone said at they are happy for you guys can wait for the wedding. Bella told them at she had to get ready for with party she is have a the cattle later on with evening so we will talk too you guys lately on tonight bye Bella said than the family said bye to Bella and Edward at the same time on the phone. After the phone talk with the family. Bella and Edward went in the bedroom. Start talking about wedding plans and how are we going to found space for everyone in the family and friends. But we can fix at out went we get back home for now baby let joy are time here. Ok baby sin we have few days left here what do u went to do baby. Why do we watch another movie than have a nice dinner how do at sound baby at sound great baby just let me get a few done than we can cook together and watch a movie together love? That sound nice love than we can talk more about the wedding plans. The family is so happy that we are get married that your sister is plans a big wedding for us down to the cake to the flowers to the after party. She also told me that it going to be that chair than we are going to have the party party that your parents' house. My parents are so happy that we are getting marry to they would do the happy dances. I can wait to cell you my wife and the day we have lots of kids.