have known it was things she didn't want to do, I wouldn't have done them. But it's to late for that now. "You stay here Bella and at least cut your cake. You can leave afterwards. I won't bother you again. Your guest doesn't deserve to be treated badly, I do. Alice and Jasper didn't have anything to do with it either so don't blame them for it. It's all my fault. I should have never done anything you didn't know about. It was a real dick move to not include you in the decisions about your life." "Why didn't you just ask me Emmett about the list?" "Because I wanted to surprise you. It was a way for us to makeup some of the things we have done to you. When I went back to Forks, Angela said you had such a hard time after we left.I didn't want to hurt you then and I don't want to hurt you now." "You went back to Forks for me?" "Yes but, you were already gone by then. It doesn't matter anyway, you don't want to be around us anymore. It is number one on your list. I may have screwed everything else up but, I can grant you the thing you wanted most. We will be gone by the morning and out of your life for good." "Is that why you told me you love me? Because you thought I wanted to fall in love and it was on the list." "Falling in love with you Bella is the one thing I never planned on doing. It just happened. It's the only thing I'm not sorry for. You have made me feel more alive than I have in a long time." Giving her a kiss on the cheek. "Happy Birthday." I walked out the door. It would be her one wish I would make sure come true. It would be the last time she ever had to see me. Taking another lonely walk around city. Finally sitting on a park bench down the street from my apartment. Waiting with time to kill until I thought everyone had gone. First I watched the pigeons pecking on the ground for food. Some of the male birds were hopping around the females as part of their mating ritual. Even the birds found their mate and flew away together. Lucky fucking birds. "Emmett can I set down?" "If you want to." "Alice gave me your paper to read. No one has ever put themselves out there like that for me. I would have never guessed you felt that way about me." "Well Alice should have minded her own business. Like I should have." Bella had a piece of cake with a single candle stuck in it on a napkin. "Will you light it for me?" Doing as she asked I lite the candle. Then she blew it out. "Do you know what I wished for?" "For me to disappear from your life forever?" "No. I wished we could start over again and at least be friends again. We could just see how things go with everything else." "Friends. I don't have any friends or want any Bella." Smiling as I repeated to her what she had said to me when I first saw her. "Well you seem pretty damn friendly with Tammy. Which by the way if I see her touching you again, I will rip out her fake highlights out of her hair." "Does it bother you Bella?" "Hell yes it bothers me. I don't want another woman touching my man." This was where my world changed. One Bella called me her man and two I was being given another chance with her and at love. And three...well I will never make or read another person's list ever again after what happened. Somethings shouldn't be tampered with like fate and love. "You know if don't ever give love Emmett, you will never get loved back in return." "The wisdom of Alice Cullen." "Yeah she said it to me along with some other stuff. But she's right, if you never put yourself out there and risk getting hurt. You could be missing out on a chance that comes around only once in a life time. I don't know about you but, I've played it safe ever since Edward left me. I'm ready to live life and not float through it just getting by." "It makes two us . I've floated through life since Rosalie has been gone. Do you want to take a walk with me Bella?" "Okay." "What do you want to do tomorrow night?" "I think we should just stay in and have a quiet night but, no more candles. I was thinking maybe I could bring over my sex swing. We can play Tarzan and Jane." "Me Emmett, you Bella. I would love to spend a quiet night with you and your sex swing. I do love you." Bella laid her head against my shoulder as we walked arm and arm down the street together. "I think I love you too Emmett." "Happy Birthday Bella." "Actually it ended up being the best birthday I have ever had and it is all because of you." THE END! I hope you enjoyed reading me. Happy Birthday to you...Happy Birthday to you... This took me forever to write and I did it just for you! HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY... XOXO PG AUTHORS NOTE~~~ 8/18/2014 With the request I have had... I decided this story will have chapters added as birthday presents for my readers. Each chapter will be complete at the end. If you PM me and with the scenario for the next chapter and when your birthday is... your birthday wish will be granted! Don't forget to include a lemon or romantic date that would tickle your fancy. Especially you Mama Nan... you know PG PUMPKIN loves you bunches! XOXO (*** wink wink The next chapter is for you.)