wolves, she thought as she looked at Sam's hand that he had stuck in front of her to help her to her feet causing her to panic. "No…no, no…get away from me!" she screamed as she crabbed walked backwards, her hand behind her as her feet carried her backwards as fast as she could. It was then that she heard his voice. "Bella!" Jake yelled as he jumped over the back porch railing and ran across the yard. When he got to Bella he dove over her shifting into a huge russet colored wolf, his paws landing heavy on the ground only a few feet from Bella facing his brothers. He took defensive stance and growled making the pack step away from Bella. "Jacob, phase back now! We are not going to hurt the girl. She saw Paul phase and she's in shock. Phase and take care of her," Sam ordered. Jake's body began to shake, rippling so fast he almost disappeared from sight as his wolf disappeared and a very naked Jake stood in his place. Sam threw Jake a pair of shorts that Embry had run into Billy's house to get. Jake put them on and ran over to Bella whose wide eyes stared at Jake, surprised to see he was one of them as well. "Jake?" Bella whined as Jake picked her up off the ground and carried her into his house, while Sam, Embry and Jared followed. Billy handed her a glass of water once she was seated on the sofa, which she took gratefully. Not knowing what to say, she nodded her head at Billy as Jake took a seat on the coffee table in front of her. Jake told her the whole story of what he and the others were, and why they were what they were. Bella took it all in and understood, as her own father understood a few years before. But when she asked why the other guy ran away, Jake looked at Sam with a confused frown. "Paul was here?" Jake asked, only remembering now that Sam had said he was earlier, he was so worried about Bella that he had forgotten. Sam nodded, but didn't say any more too at least Jake. Because after Bella was done taking it all in she told them she had to go. She needed time to think on this a little more, and promised not to tell a soul. "Bella, I think you should wait and talk with Paul," Sam finally said. Bella and Jake both turned to Sam. Jake had his suspicions of what happened, but there was no way he was going to reveal anything like that to her. "Why?" Bella asked confused. "I think it's his place to tell you Bella, but you have to know that there's more to the story than what Jake here has told you," Sam explained. Bella looked at Jake confused, but she really didn't want to go into any more at the moment, and honestly she didn't think she could handle learning any more, she needed time to let it all sink in before she learned anything else. She hoped that Sam would let Jake tell her at a later time. "Can't Jake tell me, I mean later, once I've had time to think about all this?" she asked. Sam looked between Jake and Bella not knowing what to do about this situation. He knew Jake loved Bella, but would he tell her everything? He didn't think so. "I'll tell her everything after she gets some rest," Jake offered. Sam nodded his head knowing he wasn't going to tell her everything about imprinting any way. He knew then that Paul would have to face Bella with the truth. Jake felt that Bella was his, he was so upset that he didn't imprint on her at first glance after phasing, and he sure as hell wasn't going to let someone else imprint on her. Besides he knew how Paul was, he would never accept the imprint. He knew he would fight it, he hated that Bella was with a leech, called her leech lover to Jake all the time. Jake hated it, but now he could use it to his benefit, and besides within a couple of weeks Bella would be leaving for College anyway. He hated the idea of her leaving when he found out, but now he was sort of glad. Maybe he could get her to leave a little early, he thought. Tell her that she could take the time to get settled in before she started school. He had to get her out of there before Sam made Paul tell her about the imprint. Jake knew if Paul told her of how much pain he would be in if she left that she would stay giving up her dream of going to College to help Paul, even if she didn't except the imprint. She wouldn't be able to live with herself knowing she was causing pain to another person, even if that person was Paul Lahote. So he had to get her out of there, and soon. Then Jake could keep reminding Paul that Bella was with a bloodsucker for almost a year, and could play it through as though if the Cullens ever came back that she'd just run back to them anyway. Yes, this could work, Jake thought smiling inwardly. He told Bella to go home and get some rest that he would call her later. Bella nodded as she looked at the five men in front of her. "I'll see you later Jake," Bella said getting up and leaving. They heard her rusty old truck start and rumble down the road. Sam walked over to the window and looked out. It was then he saw Paul walking at a fast rate toward his house. Sam opened the door and yelled. "Paul, get your arse in here, NOW!" Sam yelled waiting for him to join the rest of them.