long to get home. I push through the front door and am greeted by Emmett and Jacob. "There he is!" The two of them are stationed in front of the Xbox in the living room. The television is glowing with graphics of animated basketball players. They're engaged in a very intense game of 2k17. Emmett and Jasper are the athletic ones out of the bunch, but Jacob's pretty much mastered anything that has to do with technology. Playing video games with him is almost pointless since there is really no way to win against him. It's like he has the blueprints of every video game known to man ingrained into his psyche. "What's up, boys?" I wonder, passing their duo on my way to kitchen. I'm starving and my stomach is rumbling. The alcohol from last night is beginning to catch up with me. Emmett pulls his attention away from the game to send me a droll look. He kisses his teeth and squints his eyes at me accusingly. "Why don't you ever answer your fucking phone?" "What did you want?" "More milk." Bella says, capturing my attention. I failed to notice her when I made my entrance. I find her in the kitchen, bent and rummaging through the empty refrigerator. "Emmett and Jacob stuff food down their throats like a garbage disposal." My lips quirk as she flashes her brown eyes at me. "You're still here, Bella?" She doesn't answer my question. Instead, she stares at me blankly. Her dark eyes liven with a knowingness. I don't have to wonder about what she knows. Everyone is aware that I went home with Rosalie last night. They all have their assumptions and opinions about what happened between us. Em and Jacob were probably discussing the ordeal right before I came through the door. They're not as bold with their curiosity as Bella is. "And where were you?" She eyes me speculatively, as if she's searching for signs of dishonesty. Bella knows that I am not the type to lie. I could be a good liar. I'm good at maintaining a nonchalant demeanor. No one would ever be able to tell whether or not I was telling the truth. It would take less effort to say that I hooked up with a random chick from our high school than to explain what happened between me and Rosalie. It's tempting but I can't. I've never lied to Bella before. I won't start now. "Rosalie needed a ride home last night." "So, you spent the night with her?" "Did you spend the night with Jasper?" I ask calculatingly, cocking my brow to match my thoughtful expression. Down the hallway, I hear the shower running in the bathroom. I assume that Jasper is behind the bathroom door, washing off Bella's strawberry-scented touch. I grin when her careful, porcelain expression cracks apart. A frown erupts from within her, and crawls into the corners of her pink lips. Bella has a jealousy problem. Everyone knows it. It's like her envy consumes her. It makes her irrational because along with her jealousy comes her narccism. Bella does a lot of shit that she doesn't take responsibility for, but she's always the first person to call someone out on their shit. "Don't do that." She says, smoldering her gaze. "Do what, Bella?" "Turn this back around on me." She explains. "You fucked Rosalie." Bella and I have a weird relationship. We're extremely close and open with each other. I mean, we've known each other since we were in diapers. We grew up literally right beside each other. It's funny because we went through that crush stage where we did all that" first time stuff" with each other. I popped her cherry on her fourteenth birthday, I beat the shit out of her first real boyfriend when I saw him shove her against a locker during one of their petty arguments, and once when we were really drunk I promised her that she'd be my wife one day. It's safe to say that Bella and I have mixed feelings for each other. Unlike her and Jasper, our relationship has remained entirely platonic over the years. We have the chemistry. We just don't have the courage. It's a lot more complicated between me and Bella than it is between her and Jasper. "I fucked you too." "Yeah, four years ago…" Bella scoffs at me. She's brushing me off because she knows that it gets underneath my skin, and if Bella loves anything, it's getting underneath someone's skin. "In the backseat of your mother's car." She continues her complaint, eyeing me with a challenge that cannot conceal itself behind her humor. "I couldn't even get your bed." "Rosalie didn't get my bed either." I say pointedly. "I fucked her inside of her bed." Her eyes brighten but she tries to hide that she is satisfied by my news. "Does that mean your bed is reserved?" Bella doesn't like to admit that she likes me a lot more than she openly displays. I never call her out on her feelings. There wouldn't be a point. She does a good job at revealing stuff to me without even saying much. Bella's an open book. She always has been. She always will be. Only those who don't really know her think she's difficult to read. "Maybe." I say casually, smirking when she rolls her eyes. Bella isn't the only one who can keep their feelings bottled up. "Hey dude." Jasper bounds into the kitchen; fresh-faced and golden-haired. Both Bella and I shift our attention onto him. He's smiling at us both, completely uninterested in the conversation we were having before he made his way into the room. "What's the word for tonight?" "We're getting fucked up again." I laugh when Jasper's eyes widen. "Damn, you're really serious about making this summer epic." "Unforgettable." I correct, bypassing his steely gaze. My eyes land on Bella's instead. There is compliance within her stare. "Unforgettable." She agrees.