stay undiscovered. It was over then, and he realized what he had become." She could see the picture vividly within her mind. A picture of a ravaged, dying and agonized Carlisle moving to hide himself away from those he knew would murder him. Sickened Bella flicked her gaze to the deer carcass, flinching when she realized what she was about to do. Yet it was the only way. Even now she could hear the sound of the wolves howling in the distance….searching. In that next instant Bella moved without thinking. Gasping while she painfully pulled herself beneath the rotting flesh. She didn't want to think about what would happen if the wolves sniffed out her trail, if they truly wanted to find her. Instead she let the dead surround her, covering her and protecting her from the creatures. Deliberately, while fighting the reflex reaction to howl out in pain, she dug her stained teeth into the dead flesh. Before now she would have gagged, now though, now she couldn't even taste the flesh as it filled her mouth. Not even the putrid stench could detract from her determination. She was going to fight. To survive as Carlisle had. There was absolutely no way that Laurent was going to win in this. The pain was slowly overwhelming though….pushing through the ever present determination. She was unable to stop the torrent of tears that mingled with the decaying flesh and fur filling her mouth. She fought not to cry out, to rage as the pain slashed repeatedly through her rapidly depleting body. She had three days of this. Three days to lie here and contemplate how very much she wanted to be dead. No! No, she couldn't think like that. If she did than it was giving up. She had already chosen to fight for life. Even if she couldn't have Edward or even her own father in the end. Bella buried her cry in dead flesh, barely tasting the creature upon her tongue. She wouldn't let herself give in, so she remained where she was. With teeth buried deep in the flesh of the dear. Her fingers gripping the carcass as her eyes squeezed shut. Each new spasm that wracked her body left Bella feeling weaker and weaker. Yet she refused to lose consciousness. Instead she remained alert, even as time seemingly passed. There were no moments of peace as she felt herself dying. The fire that blazed through spread slowly, and then faster. Spreading across her entire body before simply consuming. That didn't give any relief though. No…rather it merely added to the pain. It was almost worse, with each shuddering beat of her heart. How the venom simply spread through each vein, and through each artery. She knew what it was doing, and somehow this had a calming effect. To be unaware, or left in the dark while something like this was occurring was simply too horrible to comprehend. Even with the fogged brain it was relief to know she was becoming a vampire…a lone vampire that was bound to live the rest of her days alone. For though she had already discovered her coven, and they didn't want her. Saddened Bella tried desperately to think of anything else. Anything besides the horrible pain and the emotional agony that raged forth. Horrified she muffled a scream that torn from her throat. Even though she wasn't sure quite how long it had been since the wolves had chased after Laurent she didn't want to take any chances. It could have been moments…. minutes or even hours. Time passing was not something she seemingly noticed. Instead she was only aware of the sound of her own beating heart, the swoosh of blood as the venom spread so very slowly. Bella simply couldn't judge how long she lay beneath that deer; simply waiting for death. In the beginning, she had wanted to survive, to fight another day. Now she wasn't so sure and with lucid thoughts getting harder to produce all she could remember was pain. Pain, pain, pain, pain. It dominated her, took her over as she remained eerily still beneath the animal. No longer did she need to keep such a determined hold on the creature. Her teeth no longer dug into flesh. Instead she lay panting, crying out and whimpering softly as her life began to fade. Weakly she dropped her hand to the grass and dirt, reveling in the feeling of soft blades upon her hands. It seemed she was going to die after all. She hadn't failed. Not really for in truth her fate had already been chosen. She wasn't to blame, Bella realized as she cried out for death to take her. What was the point of living as a vampire anyways? She didn't want it if Edward couldn't be there beside her. For if he didn't want her then she didn't want it herself. So, she was ready. Bella called out for death, begged it to take her as the pain simply continued. Yet no matter how much she cried or pleaded it seemed death wouldn't have any mercy on her. So she simply faded in and out of consciousness. Letting the darkness, the inky depths of a cold world surround her. The pain was beginning to wane off now, very slowly…. hardly noticeable. But enough so that she was starting to become more aware. Giving her the ability to determine that her time was almost through. Had death finally headed her call? Was she finally ready to slip from the world and leave it behind? No that wasn't what was happening. Bella felt a flicker of fear as her eyes flickered open. The residual sharp pain was a mere flicker now. A very weak flicker, hardly even noticeable. Still she remained perfectly still. Surprised to say the least. Bella wasn't dead…. no. She was alive. Alive and a vampire. The end of Chapter 1. Thanks for any reviews and constructive criticism. Word Count: 4,653