before using it as a means of her suicide. She crawled inside and sat on remains of a seat. She lovingly stroked what was left of the dashboard and started to cry again. Ironically, she was more happy than she had been in the last month. After an hour of shedding tears, she pressed her lips on the broken steering wheel and turned to the nearest jagged edge. She bared her wrists and brought them down on the metal plate. It hurt like hell and she realized that it burned more than it should. It was probably a place where Demetri had bitten. Of course, there wasn't enough venom to change her. In fact, she wouldn't want to became a vampire even if she could. Bella just leaned back and listened to her dripping blood. Drip, drip, drip... like a clock. The blood pooled in the truck and mixed with her tears and Demetri's venom. Darkness started to veil her vision when amazing things started to happen. Bella suddenly heard a ghostly voice in her head, "Bellaaaaa..." She made herself to focus once more. She was too weak to speak so she at least thought back, "Who is it?" However, her heart already knew the answer. "This is me, your truck." "How is it possible? Am I loosing my mind?" The voice of the truck calmed her down, "No Bella. Your love and care created me and your blood, tears and Demetri's venom have awakened me." Bella's mental voice was thick with emotion when she answered, "Oh my truck, my beloved red beast. I'm so glad that we can keep each other company in our last moments." "We are dying..." said the truck sadly. "Yes, they did this to us. Jacob, Demetri, Mike, Charlie, mum..." "You are forgetting about the Cullens and I'm sure that Aro is in this as well." "Is there anybody in this story who isn't responsible?" "Nope, probably not." "I wish we could have some kind of revenge," said Bella wistfully. "Well, we could try," replied the truck uncertainly. "What do you mean? We are finished." "Bella, I think that something happened when your blood touched me. The venom probably supported it." "Do you think about the same thing as I do?" "Yes, let's see if we could take this further." Bella, strengthened with a new hope, pressed herself closer to the rusty metal. The pain was killing her but she didn't let it to stop her. As her flesh touched the metal, sparks of electricity run through the medium of blood and venom. "It's working!" said Bella and the truck together. Or maybe it was only one thought which was shared by both of them. Sparks multiplied and there was magnetic hum in the air. The metal of the wreck started to twist and fold into itself. Bella felt burning in her veins and the truck wasn't any better off. They realized that they started to merge, both in mind and body. Flesh connected with the metal and metal with flesh. Together, they formed a substance light years beyond anything that humanity could ever invent. In fact, it was light years beyond anything that any sentient race in the universe could ever invent. Bulky shapes of the truck became slimmer but kept their tank-like strength. Bella's arms and legs merged with the wheels and her eyes with the reflectors. And the exhaust pipe... well, no need to say anything. After fifteen minutes, the joint sentience of Bella and the truck decided to move somewhere more hidden. They exerted some power and rolled away a few times, until they were concealed between the trees. The change continued. Bella expected it to last for at least three days but in one more hour, it was all over. She stood up and brushed some leaves from her... legs? She was a four meters high robot. A very futuristic robot since she sensed a lot of edge-cutting technologies around her torso. She made a thought and a high-tech looking disruptor gun went out of her arm. That startled her a little but then she made it retract again with another mental command. She wanted to talk to the truck but realized that the separate mind of the truck was gone. Instead, it was part of her own mind and her mind itself was part of the truck in turn. They were merged to a level when it was was impossible to distinguish them. Of course, Bella's personality was dominant since the truck was an inanimate object. But the new being inherited a lot of traits from the truck as well - it's technical aptitude for example. Bella, or BellaTruck to be more precise (or simply Transformer!Bella), decided that it was time to move. She concluded that it would be better to move in a less conspicuous form. A shimmer appeared all over her body and she started to shrink. The metal was retracted inside and and something that looked like flesh appeared. Of course, it was still the same indestructible alloy that her whole body was made of. BellaTruck walked back to the road and thought about her next course of action. She was angry at all the people that betrayed her but she knew that she had to think it through. She needed time to prepare, explore her abilities and plan her revenge. She heard a howl and her sensors revealed that the pack was coming to investigate. She concentrated again and transformed into an inconspicuous car. As she drove away from La Push and Forks, the wolves ran past her but their noses detected no suspicious smell. When Bella got far enough, another thought struck her. She stopped and looked upward where stars shone. She transformed again, ignited the thrusters that appeared and rose to the sky. Theme (pick a tune of your choosing): Transformer Bella, Transformer Bella, Transformer Bella is awesome, awesome! Transformer Bella, she's got four wheels, Transformer Bella, she... Yeah, stupid song. Never mind.