that had packed up and left town with even saying goodbye? She huffed out another annoyed sigh. Jake . Her good-natured, light-hearted best friend who had sworn to her he would always be there. It obviously wasn't so hard for Jake to give her up, after all. What was wrong with her that made everyone leave just as soon as she opened up to them? The things he said to her today…those weren't Jacobs words. That haircut, the same tattoo on his arm that the rest of Sam's cult had…Jake was in trouble. Bella tried and failed once more to see what might be lurking in the woods, before shaking her head and turning back to go in the house. She figured her nerves were probably on edge after the day's events. Kicking off her shoes at the mat beside the door, she unzipped her hoody and draped it over the back of the couch. Time to get dinner started. Opening the fridge, she pulled out the pork chops that she had defrosted for tonight's meal, and started to prepare dinner. When she had finished her meal, set aside a plate for Charlie, and cleaned up the kitchen, Bella stepped out the back door with the trash. She tossed the bag in the bin before zipping up her blue hoody halfway and plopping down in one of the faded Adirondack chairs on the deck. Staring out at the woods, she let her mind drift to thoughts of thick fur, brown eyes, and powerful muscles. Had her protectors been able to kill Laurent? Those giant creatures had to be here for a reason, and Bella didn't think it was eating random hikers in the woods. Otherwise, why hadn't they attacked her as well ? It would have been so easy for that russet toned wolf to rip her throat out, and he had looked at her…gently. Softly, and with those chocolate brown eyes that were so familiar. No, they hadn't been there to hurt her . It felt like a whole different world in Forks. She had loved the warm weather and perpetually sunny skies of Arizona, and had only moved by Charlie so she wouldn't be a burden to Renee. Here in Forks, it was cooler and rained more than she would like. But her pale skin hadn't been sunburned once since she moved, and the air seemed so crisp and clean here. Besides, she just wasn't the same naive girl that had packed up her life and moved back to her hometown. She had fallen in love, had her heart broken. Bella had learned that the world wasn't as easy to understand as she had thought. There were things out there that she never would have imagined. It was hard for her to understand why she felt so much more at peace than she had just this morning. Since leaving the house that morning, she had been broken up with by her best friend and been saved from near death by a pack of giant wolves. There was more to this thing with Jake than him not wanting to be friends with her anymore. That was clear from the way he was acting. And she was going to find out what was going on. Jacob had pulled Bella from her pit of despair, and now it was time to return the favor. Bella dragged in a deep breath of the air that smelled like fresh rain and pine trees and slowly leaned back in the old wooden chair. The stars seemed so much brighter here, too. It was difficult to feel empty and alone staring up at the shining and sparkling specks of light in the now black sky. The moon was almost full and the only sounds she could hear were the light rustling of leaves and the occasional car passing in the front of the house. After an hour of staring at the stars and enjoying the silence and solitude she could no longer ignore the late spring chill. With a sigh, she stood and turned to go back inside, catching her foot on the leg of the chair. Bella ungracefully belly-flopped onto the deck, barely stopping herself from smacking her face into the damp wood. She laid sprawled across the deck for a moment, cursing herself for being so damn clumsy. Grumbling, she pulled herself back up, dusting off her legs. Once again turning to go inside, movement from the edge of the woods caught her eye. A large pair of eyes glowed at her as the faint outline of one of her protectors became clearer. Bella could just make out the shape of the wolf's large head, solid chest, and powerful front legs as it took several large steps out of forest before stopping to stare at her. It was huge . Her heart was beating wildly in her chest as she slowly and quietly inched towards the dark grey wolf, her hands held out in what she hoped was a non-threatening way. In the only the dim light of the moon and stars, the giant animal stood in the grass, strong and proud and silent, watching the small woman shuffle her way closer to him. Bella stopped about twenty feet from the beautiful creature, dropped her hands to her sides, and waited for something to happen. Her heart was thumping and she was shaking like a leaf, but she knew, knew without a single doubt , that he was not here to hurt her. "Thank you for saving my life." Bella's voice came out clear and steady, but barely a louder than a whisper as she stood in awe of the mythical wolf in front of her. The pair stood in silence for several moments until the wolf turned his massive grey head, listening to sounds far too faint for her human ears. With another short glance back at Bella, it turned and trotted into the woods, disappearing into the darkness like a ghost.