worry about it." I sighed out in relief. "Thanks for being so helpful." "No worries. I was raised a gentleman. When I see a woman cry, I always help her out." God he was really beautiful. I stopped paying attention to what he was saying after he remembered me and started staring into those gorgeous green eyes. "Well, thanks. I'm just going to go home now." I stood up and started collecting my things when he reached out and grabbed my arm. "Wait. Why don't you stay, we can hang out, you know, talk about what happened that upset you so badly." Wow. A man who wanted to talk. This concept was completely foreign to me. "Oh. That's nice of you, but you are the host. I wouldn't want to keep from...whatever a host does." This made him laugh. "Well, lucky for you, everyone seems fairly occupied and I can spare a few minutes to hang out with you. So, what made you this upset that you walked into me?" I glared at him. "I didn't walk into you that hard. And the reason I barged into you was because my eyes got so teary that I couldn't see where I was going." "And what made you so teary?" It felt really odd explaining the situation to someone other than Alice. Worse still was the fact that I was about to explain it to Alice's brother. "I walked in on my boyfriend making out with some random girl." I sighed remembering what I witnessed only a few minutes ago. "I'm sorry." "It's not like you haven't done anything like that before." I looked at him with a teasing smile. "What? Walked in on my boyfriend making out with a girl?" "Ha-ha, so funny." I answered sarcastically. "It sounds like you need a drink." "Oh, I don't..." Great, now I really did sound like a little girl with no life experience. "Okay. Then let's just sit and talk. Now, who was this horrible person that did this to you?" "Why? Are you going to beat him up?" He sighed. "I'll try to refrain." I really didn't want to have this conversation, so I bought something else up instead. "Um, do you know where Alice is? I kinda want to go home." "No, sorry I haven't. Would you like me to take you home?" "Oh, no. Just stay here. It is your party." I said while trying to look around for Alice. "Don't worry. Emmett will look after the house and the guests." "Emmett?" "My brother." I kept forgetting that there were three children in the family. I think I remember that Emmett was now in his first or second year college. We've only met once or twice before. "Oh. Well, if you don't mind..." "Not at all. Let me get my keys and I'll take you." He walked back into the house, while I was left in the backyard. Funnily enough, as soon as he left, I started getting anxious about the fact that I was alone and something bad would happen. Again. "Okay, ready?" I guess that I was so caught up in my own little world that I didn't notice the fact that Edward came back. "Yeah." We silently walked to his car. And as soon as I tried to reach for the door, he beat me to it. I looked up at him and smiled. "Thanks." Jake was a nice enough boyfriend, but after about three months of dating, he stopped opening doors for me and doing gentlemanly things. I missed them. He walked to his side of the car and smiled back at me. "No worries." After about three minutes of silence, he started to talk to me. "So Bella, how did you end up coming to my party?" "Well, I invited Alice over for a bit, just until Jake, my boyfriend, came over to watch a movie with me. When he didn't show up, cause he wanted to go to your party, Alice demanded that we crash your party." "And did you have fun?" "I did. That was until I saw my boyfriend making out with another girl." "It has happened to me." I looked at him and was confused. "What?" "I have walked in on my girlfriend with another guy." "Oh. I'm sorry. I had no idea." I had a sudden urge to comfort him. How dare this girl do that to him! "Don't be. I'm over it and we're now friends." "Oh. Well that's good then." We spent the rest of the drive home in comfortable silence. I felt weirdly safe with him and I've only known him for about 20 minutes. "Well, here we are." I turned in my seat to face him. I really hoped that he would kiss me. "Well, thanks. I guess I really needed to talk to someone other than Alice. She hates Jake, so she'd convince me to not speak to him ever again." "Well you shouldn't. You don't need someone like that in your life." I just nodded and smiled. I thanked him once again and walked up to my door. He was kind enough to wait in the driveway to make sure that I got in okay. When I walked in the house, I was surprised to find my dad still sitting on the couch watching tv, beer in hand. Just a typical Friday night for my dad. "Hey Bells. Where were you? I tried calling you for the last half hour." "Oh. Sorry. Alice and I went to the movies and she took my phone because, according to her, I have the annoying habit talking on my phone during the movie." I then remembered that I probably looked too dressed up to go to the movies. I just hope that he didn't notice it. "Well, next time could you call and talk to me before you leave? I was really worried." "Sure dad. I'm, just going to go to bed now. Goodnight dad." "Night Bells."