Derek arched his eyebrow momentarily as he frowned. "He's fine." His response was curt. "Your mum thinks it's Budenje." "Budenje?" Liam's face shrouded in confusion. "L'e" Lady Aithne began but I already had the answer out. "L'eveil is how we refer to it. Croatian is not a language that many in this pack are familiar with." "There are packs that still us Croatian?" Liam was incredulous. Derek glared at him. "Yes. Some packs don't have the luxury to be as forward as yours Liam." Derek sneered. "Ours, Derek." I corrected firmly. "You are a wolf in my pack now." Derek hung his head and shrunk back. I gently slid my feet off the edge of the bed to stand. "Your differences are neither here nor there," I paused, stretching my arms above my head, yawning again. "For Jacob to be going through the awakening he'd have to have met his life mate." "Or so we're told, but not all wolves meet their life mates when it happens. You didn't." Liam shrugged. Lady Aithne chuckled. "There are still so many things you know not little ones." She gently ran her fingers across her satin robes. "Not all wolves will go through L'eveil." "We know that mum. It's a blessing of the highest honor." Liam started. "But…" "But, all wolves that have gone through L'eveil have met their life mates. Even our Krys. It may have been for but a moment but she did meet him." All eyes in the room locked onto me, and as the hairs on my skin stood. I felt naked. "These wolves are known to be connected on a conscious and subconscious level. Some couples even report to having entered each other's dreams." I swiveled slowly on the balls of my feet, shock spreading across my rounded face. "What?" There was a pause. "Not all wolves go through…" Liam began to repeat and I rolled my eyes. "I heard that part." I bit, and immediately I regretted it. "What I meant was the part about the dreams." My response was meek as I stared at Liam apologetically. He was only trying to help and here I was snapping at him. "We don't know how factual that is love." Lady Aithne moved back into my line of sight as the scent of lilacs and garden herbs filled the air. My shoulders slumped as exhaustion took hold of my limbs. I smiled softly as I moved to the bright bathroom. "Maybe a bath would do you some good." "Maybe." I dragged my feet over the soft white plush carper of my room. Everything in this room was white, because I was the white wolf; a wolf that hadn't been seen since The Great Mother herself blessed the first of the clans, a wolf that had come to signify prosperity. I didn't feel as though I signified prosperity. I was my father's daughter, and he had been titled "The Angel of Death". How could someone like me signify peace? I closed the bathroom door and slid my dress above my head before stepping into the water. It wasn't the same as his warmth. 'Look at yourself Krys, he saved you once and you're fawning over him.' I grunted as suds slid up to my chin. I did not have time to fawn over men. I was trying to save myself. 'But he saved you.' I growled at the thought and forcibly sat up straight. Which was it? Did I want him to save me or not? My face flushed and I found myself surrounded by thoughts of Jacob Black. Budenje…Croatian was a dead language to a majority of the clans but it did convey a message that all the other translations did not. L'eveil made it seem as though it was some romantic, majestic thing. It made it seem as though it was a blessing. But I remembered the pain of it all. I felt it in my soul, deep in the pit of my bones. I wanted to die. What about this was a blessing? A single tear slid down my face and I quickly brushed it away. Pity consumed me as I though of Jacob writing in pain, seeking out his sanity with no end in sight. I'd visit him. I could repay the favor from earlier. Some couples even report to having entered each other's dreams. I thought back to Lady Aithne's words, and a blush spread across my cheek. No way Jacob and I were connected. He was way too happy for someone like me. An idiot, really. "Poor Jacob Black." I muttered out loud allowing my frame to slide back beneath the bubbles. "What's so poor about me?" His voice echoed through the bathroom before I could make heads or tails of where it was coming from. "You're not crazy. I'm here with you, completely enjoying the sight." I slid my arms around my chest abruptly and turned to face Jacob Black. His golden olive skin glowed against the white tile of the bathroom. A startled scream seeped through my lips, and within moments I heard the door slam open. "Krys, are you okay?" I heard Devo's muffled voice float from behind the two chiseled chests that stood in front of her. "Yeah…" I scanned the room. "I thought I saw something." "Come on Krys, you can't respond like that whenever you see a spider. You nearly gave us a heart attack." Liam pouted, and Derek huffed. "I'm sorry." I muttered, and found myself staring at the empty wall he just occupied. I hadn't imagined it. Jacob Black had been here. I just didn't know how. A/N: And there you have it ladies and gents. The end of the first chapter to this story. I will be posting the next Chapter to L.I.A.L.D. (look I'm already getting lazy), so stay tuned for that. As always your comments and likes are greatly appreciated. Thank you for sticking with me for this long. Until next time, Lovies.