watching out for me?" She asked hopefully. "Yip, yip." The wolf answered. She was happy he was watching out for her. "Were you ever in this house while I've been here?" She asked. "Yip," Shit, he hadn't been in the house! What was that I saw and heard? She thought to herself? "Are you alone, baby?" She asked. "Yip," he responded. Understanding he was with another member of the pack. "Who's with you?" she asked, followed by silence. Duh, of course he couldn't answer her in wolf form. "Are you with one of the pack?" She reiterated feeling silly for asking him to talk human in wolf form. "Yip, Yip." Okay he's with one of the pack, how am I going to do this without naming everyone in the pack. Think, Bella thought to herself, who was worried about you at the bonfire? Embry. She finally deduced. "Is Embry with you?" She asked. "Yip, Yip," he answered. Embry was with Jake outside watching over her she thought to herself smiling. "Has Embry been in the house while I've been here?" She asked, trying her best to understand and explain away what she had seen. "Yip." No… Then who the hell is in here she thought to herself? "Have you seen any of the pack around here that could be trying to scare me?" She asked as she began to worry. "Yip." Damn. (She could almost hear an organ playing music of despair as they played in horror movies with his answer.) Then who was that then she thought to herself? "It… It's not a vampire is it?" She stuttered as she asked. "Yip." Oh thank god, but if it's not a vampire then…who she thought to herself? As she said that, she shined the flashlight in front of herself, and before her stood a white mass that she could see clear through. Bella jumped as the entity screamed out the loudest moan she had ever heard. "OOOUUUTTTT, GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" it screamed in a raspy vigilant voice. Bella jumped back again, her heart was beating a mile a minute. "JAKE!" She yelled in the loudest scream she could muster, and before she even finished, the front door flew open and Jake had her in his arms and out of that house before she even knew he had her. He stopped at the road and flopped on the ground and held her tightly in his arms. He was as scared as she was and he was an over sized wolf, but she guessed you can't fight something that can just materialize or dematerialize in a blink of an eye. She felt someone next to them and it caused her to jump once again, as she looked over and found Embry sitting as close to them as he could get. He too was breathing hard and had his head buried into his hands. She couldn't help, but start to laugh. She laughed hard, so hard that tears flowed down her face. She knew it was more of a nervous laugh, but seeing that Embry was just as scared as Jake and herself just hit her the right way and the laughing began until they all were laughing heartily together. After they finally stopped and got their breathing under control, they went to the beach where the others were partying and when Quil saw her he began to laugh. "You couldn't do it! Did the big bad boogeyman get you Bewa," he said in a teasing pout. Bella turned to Quil and told him if he thought he could do it to be her guest. She would have loved to see his face after two minutes in that place. He shut up immediately when Jake told him if he didn't shut his mouth, he would make him go back there and get Bella's things that she had left in their desperate flee to escaped. They sat on the beach as Bella explained all she saw in that house, the white image that flew by her, the clean room with all the clocks, the cold breeze that hit her when she opened the door to the basement, and finally the ghost that ordered her from its house, where Jake and Embry saved her. Jake and Embry backed up everything she just told them. The ghost dematerialized before Jake and Embry got in the house, but they did hear everything so they had to believe everything she had just told them all. When Bella finally got home dawn was breaking, she fell into her bed completely wiped out. She groaned when she realized she had left her pillow and blanket in the house, but right at that moment she was too tired to care, so she passed out without either. When she woke, she was lying on a soft pillow and a warm blanket was covering her. Looking around, she realized all her things she had left at the house were there. Spying the bag of snacks she had packed, she got up to get a pop-tart. When she opened the bag she jumped back in surprise. Laid neatly on top of her snacks was an old worn green pair of gardening gloves. Later, when she asked Jake about it, he told her that Embry had went back and got her things. He saw the gloves and thought she must have bought them in case there was a lot of spiderwebs and bugs in the house. She was surprised that he would do something like that for her, and she was touched by the thought; but she was completely shaken by the presence of the gloves. She made a mental note to cook Embry something special, just for him, to thank him for having the guts to go back in there after everything that had just happened. But Bella knew one thing for sure…she wouldn't doubt any other supernatural occurrences and she would definitely think twice before accepting another dare. Thanks for reading...huggs.