sleep over take me. And when morning came so did Taha Aki. I bowed to him once again and took a seat in front of the fire as before. He continued to speak. "You have separated yourself with the unknown and what is expected of you, this is good my son," he expressed. "Yes, your greatness, I know not of the things you have told me, but resigned myself to only accept the things I can change, it is for the future to take care of the things I cannot. I will do what is expected of me here and now to get the word to my children," I told him. "This is good, now I will continue. I will start by telling you that you will be the last pack to evolve for two generations," he began. Which I took as a good thing, if there will be no more wolves transforming then that means the cold ones are gone at least from around the tribe. I thought to myself. "The Cullen's will leave very soon, you as well as your brothers will stop phasing and grow old with your mates," he said. "That is wonderful news your greatness," I told him with a grin on my face. "Yes, my son, but always keep in mind that they are still out there," he said and I nodded my head in agreement. "The Cullen's will return in seventy years, which will cause the wolf gene to kick in again. Your great grandson, Jacob Ephraim Black," at the mention of his name gave me great pride. "Yes, my son he is named after you. He will be known as the greatest Chief and Alpha, besides you to ever lead this tribe," he said as I smiled at his words. "Thank you, your greatness," I told him. "I speak only the truth my son. He as well as his true imprint will be able to communicate through their minds, mostly through her powers. He and his first imprint will find this strange as will his father; your grandson will also find it strange. His father will study this as he will always study our history through his life time. Your grandson will be an historian the keeper of the words, he will know all of our history and understand them, but the history of you and Isabella will be lost for a short time, but William, your grandson will dig until he finds the journals from you and your mate. Your grandson will also know of the herb," he said. "The herb, your greatness?" I asked confused once again. "He will be an herbalist as well as a historian, he will know of all the herbs and know there uses. Some herbs can be dangerous if used in the wrong way, you must write this in your journal, but only mention it, nothing more, this will spark William's interest and will help him in solving one of the future problems. When you return to your tribe you must go to the herbalist, have him write his own journal and name all the herbs and there uses, then have him file it in the great hall of our history," he told me. "Yes, your greatness," I said, I knew he had a reason for all of this and it wasn't for me to understand, but it was left up to me to start the ball rolling and without me starting this everything will fall apart. So I knew my importance in all of this. If I didn't do what was asked of me then the future would fall. "My son, we live in a world of magic of supernatural creatures, most of the world knows nothing of such things, and most calls them only myths, and folklore. We live in one world, but don't think that it is the only one. There are parallel worlds that run side by side, where one person lives so does another, as good is to evil, you cannot have one and not the other, so is it with these worlds, pull the tether just a little and it will be out of place. It will cause a paradox. Both worlds if not more will cease to exist, they will crumble and all will die," he told me. I looked at him with a furrowed brow, more confused than ever. I know once again it wasn't my place to understand, but this was detrimental to the chaos that was to come. "One mere human will cause this destruction without even realizing he is doing so. His jealousy for one woman will cause the deaths of all," he told me. I sighed at the thought of the whole world being destroyed with one human's jealousy. I took it as a domino effect. Something else must have to happen before this human can even cause such a catastrophe, and I had a feeling it had to do with the tribe. It would filter its way through time and space and land in this human's hands for him to cause this without him realizing what he was doing. But without knowing what it was, I had no chance of stopping it before it starts and that bothered me. I must keep my eyes open and see if I notice anything that may happen differently, if it is even possible for me to step in and stop the beginning of such destruction, I thought. The Great Spirit interrupted my train of thought as he spoke again. "Remember Ephraim Daniel Black, do as I ask, keep the journal, persuade Isabella to do the same, appoint someone to file these, journal's in the great hall of our history upon your deaths. Speak to the herbalist follow through to make sure his journal is filed away. Do as I say so the future can be saved," he told me finally. "Yes, great one, I will make it so," I told him. Then he was gone.