is open only to Arabs," he stated, a slight raise of one eyebrow begging her to dispute his decree. "By whose invitation do you come here?" "No invitation at all." She pursed her lips and raised her chin proudly before adding: "I was just curious to see the savage who could bar me from this public place." The Sheik narrowed his eyes, but rather than becoming angry as Bella expected, a crooked smile broke out on his face. "With your permission," he began with a mocking bow, "the savage will now escort you out." With that, he grasped firmly on her upper arm and led her out of the door. Bella would have had a better chance at being outraged at such treatment had not the sensation of his grip upon her arm momentarily distracted her from all coherent thought. By the time she had come to her senses she was alone in the corridor, staring at the heavy oak door of the casino. Night—with the Arab under the lure of the defiant English girl… Sitting in her bedroom an hour later Bella was still in shock from her earlier encounter. Not only had she been treated so rudely by one of the natives, she had silently allowed it to happen. Why did my sharp tongue suddenly desert me on feeling his firm grip? She thought to herself. Why did he affect me so? In an effort to distract her mind from such confusing thoughts, Bella moved to look over the preparations for the early start next morning. With a little smile of satisfaction she ran her fingers over her riding kit laid out ready for the morning. The smart-cut breeches and high brown boots were the clothes in which most of her life had been spent, and in which she was far more at home than in the pretty dress she had worn that evening. Slipping on her pyjamas and grabbing her silk wrap, she went out on to the broad balcony attached to her bedroom. Her room was on the first floor, and opposite her window rose one of the ornately carved and bracketed pillars that supported the balcony, stretching up to the second story above her head. She looked down into the gardens below. It would be an easy climb, she thought, with a boyish grin—far easier than many she had achieved in the past. She leant far over the rail, trying to see into the veranda below, and she thought she caught a glimpse of white drapery. She looked again, and this time there was nothing, but she shook her head with a little grimace, and swung herself up on to the broad ledge of the railing. Settling herself comfortably with her back against the column she looked out over the hotel gardens bathed in the light of the moon. A man's low voice rose in the stillness of the night. "Pale hands I loved, Beside the Shalimar. Where are you now? Who lies beneath your spell? Whom do you lead on Rapture's roadway far, Before you agonize Them in farewell?" Bella Swan leaned forward, her head raised, listening intently to the passionate, vibrating baritone. The voice seemed to come from the dark shadows at the end of the garden, or it might have been further away out in the road beyond the cactus hedge. The singer sang slowly, his voice lingering caressingly on the words; the last verse dying away softly and clearly, almost imperceptibly fading into silence. For a moment there was utter stillness, and then Bella lay back with a little sigh. "The Kashmiri Song," she sighed to herself. "It makes me think of India. What a wonderful voice! I wonder who it is?" She sat silent, hoping that the singer might not have gone, but there was nothing more to be heard. A yawn escaped and she realised suddenly that she was desperately sleepy. She turned back into her room, leaving the windows wide, and tumbled into bed, asleep almost before her head was on the pillow. It must have been about an hour later when she startled, suddenly wide awake. She laid quite still, blood pumping in her ears as she looked cautiously under her thick lashes. The room was flooded with moonlight and there was nothing to be seen, but she had the positive feeling that there was an intruder in her room, a shadowy something that had faded away by the window. As the actual reality of this thought pierced through the sleep that dulled her brain and became a concrete suggestion, she sprang out of the bed and ran on to the balcony. It was empty. She leaned over the railing, listening intently, but she could see nothing and hear nothing. Puzzled, she went back into her room and turned on the lights. Nothing seemed to be missing: her watch lay where she had left it on her dressing table; and the ivory-mounted revolver that she always carried was lying as she had placed it. She looked around the room again, frowning. "It must have been a dream," she said doubtfully, "but it seemed very real. It looked tall and white and solid, and I felt it there." She waited a moment or two, and then shrugged her shoulders, thinking it just a sign of her restlessness for the morning. Nevertheless, she made sure to close and lock hers windows, and before returning to her bed spared one last glance at the silver orb hung in the sky. "Oh selfish Moon, won't you let the sun rise? I long for the day tomorrow will bring. No one here understands what this trip means to me! The happiest times of my life have been spent camping in America and India, and I have always wanted the desert more than either of them. It is going to be a month of pure joy. I am going to be enormously happy!" A/N: Thanks so much for reading! Any thoughts so far?