Bella. So what can it hurt to sit through this? If I'm a fraud like you think I am, then nothing will happen." We humored the old man more than anything. Emmett seemed to be buying in to this but, I wasn't. Wind Talker took out three black stones, a small blue bottle and a wooden cross from a silk bag. Emmett started laughing "This shit doesn't work on me dude." He tossed the cross over his shoulder. "It wasn't to be used for that purpose. It is a part of my trance state." "Oh shit. I'm sorry." Emmett picked up the cross and laid it back on the table. The liquid from the bottle was drizzled down the center of the table. Wind Talker then splashed it towards me and Emmett. "Both of you please join hands and repeat after me. Great spirit world take me to another place and time." Emmett said it but, I wasn't going to. Wind Talker squeezed the cross in one hand and the stones in the other. "Bella I need for you to say it and mean it." "Um... okay. Great spirit world take me to another place and time." Looking around nothing was happening or different just like I thought. I went to stand up when the table started to shake. "What the hell?" (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) We landed with a hard thud in the dirt. It hurt my ass and didn't affect Emmett at all. There was nothing around but land as far as you could see. "Where are we?" "I don't know Bella. But Dorothy we aren't in Kansas anymore." Emmett held out his hand to help me up from the ground. We started walking to find something to tell us where we were at. "Do you believe now Bella?" "There has to be a reasonable explanation. Time travel isn't possible." "Neither are vampires and werewolves huh?" There was no time for me to comment back to him. He had me and was running until we were in the woods. He put his finger up to his lips. I heard nothing but obviously he did. It wasn't long until men were riding by us on horses. We looked at each other. Emmett bent down so I could get on his back as we followed after them. It would end up taking us somewhere. A whistle was blowing. With Emmett's speed hopping the train was easy for him. Hell I was just happy to be on something solid again. We peeked into the box car through the small window in the door. "We need to blend in. If they see us dressed like this, they will know we're different. Come on." Emmett was jumping from car to car with me until we reached the last one. We searched through suit cases until we found some clothes to wear. "What am I supposed to do with this?" "I believe those are called bloomers Bella." Hook after hook to get into the damn thing. I went behind a stack of boxes to change. Only I couldn't get this damn thing on by myself. "Emmett can you help me?" Most of my body was covered by this contraption except for my back side. When he walked around the boxes he looked handsome in the black three-piece suit he had on. The jacket was long and he filled it out well. His spurs wrapped around the black boots jingled with each step. Only the hat was all wrong for him. "The hat is too small for your big head." "I don't have a big head." "Yes you do Emmett. Can you fasten this for me?" His fingers worked fast. When they would brush against my skin, I shivered a little. He had a smile on his face as I turned around to thank him. "What?" "If I was told yesterday we would be here today. I would have called them crazy. But I'm glad you're with me Bella. This maybe just what we need to get through our problems." "Maybe it is. I'm glad you're with me to Em. Now I have figure out how in the hell to get the rest of this on." "I'll let you finish getting dressed." It took me forever. With more damn pearl buttons on the dress needed to be buttoned. Women back then, I mean now. Hell I don't know what I actually meant. They had it rough. I would throw on a pair of jeans and shirt, a simple kind of girl. "What do you think about this one?" As Emmett flicked the brim of the black cowboy hat with his finger. "Much better." "We will ride to the next stop then figure out where to go next." Slipping into the car and mingling with the other people. We watched what they did and how they talked. So we could fit in better. When five men came into the box car wearing bandanas over their faces. The one tipped his cowboy hat to me. "Evening Ma'am. We mean you no harm as long as everyone listens and does what they're told. What's your name?" "Bella." "Well Ms. Bella. I'm Jessie James and this here is a robbery. I would like for you to take the fancy watch from the gentlemen setting beside you and put it in the bag for me." I hope you enjoyed reading me! This is a story I couldn't stop myself from putting down on paper. I know I need another story like I need a hole in the head. Birthday Wishes~~ Was originally going to be a Emmett/Bella one shot. I am continuing it for my readers and the chapters will be what you want them to be. If you have a request please PM me and I will try to grant your wishes. The next chapter will be posted in a couple of days for my girl's birthday. Thank you for marking this story as your favorite or alert and leaving a review.