on over his naked and broad shoulders and shepherded us back to his car, a beater 1999 Subaru Legacy that looked that it had seen better days, but had never and would never see the word 'quit.' ... "Good night, girls," Phil said, and Renée kissed Bella on the head. They made to go to their ... can you call that closet a 'bedroom'? "Um, excuse me," I said. They stopped. Bella looked at me, confused. "Um," I said, "I wanted Bella to have a special New Year with her family," I said, I felt the heat rising up my neck, "but I also ... wanted to do this in the presence of your mom, Bella." "D-do what?" Bella asked, now really scared. I got on my knees. "Bella Swan," I said. "R-rosa-..." Bella gasped. I took out the ring, it was a small band with a quarter carat. Just fifteen-hundred dollars, but more would have been too much for Bella. "Will you marry me?" Bella looked at the ring, and looked at me. She sat down on the bed, hard, and started to cry. She was bawling by the time I sat next to her, holding her in my arms. "Uh," Phil whispered to Renée in a voice that unintentionally carried through the whole apartment. "Do they know they're both girls?" "Yes, Phil," Renée said patiently. "I think they know they're girls." "Uh ..." Phil said helplessly. "Let's go to bed," Renée suggested. "Huh?" she prodded. "Huh?" Phil said. "Uh, okay." And they left us. Bella didn't answer. She just cried and cried. She didn't need to. But she let me put the ring on her finger. And she cried even harder as I did. ... Bella was still crying. I actually had to dress her in her silly little, demure little checkered flannel pajamas. Me, I managed dressing myself in my pjs just fine, even as Bella clung to me, the little clinger. I got us into that stupid, uncomfortable fold-out bed and under the covers. There was no place in the world I'd rather be right now, though, than in that stupid, uncomfortable fold-out bed. "I love you, Bella Swan," I whispered. Bella sniffles turned into wails. "I ... I ... I l-lo-love youuuuuuuuuu," she wailed. "Shh, sweetie," I said. "Sleep, baby, just sleep." Bella cried in my arms. I passed her a tissue. I think she nearly blew her brains out her nose. I whispered into her ear, when she stilled and her breathing became soft and even: "Happy New Year, my love." And I kissed her sweet little head as I held her. My Bella. fin. A/N: Happy New Year, my dears. Sad news. ffn busted me and removed my Merry Christmas one-shot as it violates the ratings guidelines. I'm looking to post it elsewhere, like on my literotica-dot-com profile, but ... But I am so tempted right now to write two words: "Fuck it." Especially after they took away my privilege of publishing new stories for a week, so this story, called Happy New Year, didn't come out yesterday, like I wanted, but now. So I hope you like this story anyway, even though it's a couple of days delayed. :( My girls love each other, in the weird way that they do, and that love manifests itself like it does here, and it also manifests itself physically, and I don't know how to neuter my writing, because I may as well neuter Bella and Rosalie. Not here, but elsewhere? Like in Ridden ? Sylvia Plath writes: "The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt," and I don't know if I can write, and write well, if I'm censoring myself. And one of the reviews on Merry Christmas? From: Michi the Mischievous "Somebody needs their Thorazine or Klonopin upped and it ain't the characters." I don't need to read personal attacks from reviewers, thanks: I do a pretty darn good job of that to myself already. So, I'm suffering self-doubt right now. How will that turn out? Does that mean I'll stop writing here and write only on literotica? I don't know. I don't think so, but this is a blow to me, and to my writing. I don't need you to do anything for me ... except if you want to: pray for me. I'll spend some quiet time, look for a job, and maybe turn myself into somebody's quiet little secretary. And maybe I'll write part-time on ffn, as you so love my BellaRose stories, and thank you for telling me that, and part-time on literotica the spicier bits with a note on my ffn chapter "(fade to black)" and in the a/n: "chapter continues on literotica." But that just feels so hackneyed... no, I don't think I could do that slice-and-dice approach to telling a story, after all. I really don't know what to do or to think right now, so I'll just snuggle up to my pillow under the covers and have myself a sulky think tonight. ... idk, maybe I'll pick up Bloodbuzz, again, that sweet, sad, (and now s.m.e.x-free) story. But I guess my Rosalie fucks a preteen cheerleader will never see the light of day on this site. Oh, well. `phfina shrugs. Sorry to bum you out, but I'm bummed, myself, and I don't know how else to tell you of my change in tone from now on, ... or from my silence. I love you, my lovelies. Happy New Year. kisses, `phfina p.s. Did you like my story? ... and the happy ending to this: THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 2014 YES! Merry Christmas posted on literotica So, I wrote this smexy, BDSM BellaRose story on ffn. The Powers That Be got wind of it and the banned it. The content violated their ratings policy. :( BUT I sent it to literotica, and after much deliberation, they published it. YES! The link to the story is here: literotica-dot-com-slash-s-slash-merry-christmas-8 It's a sweet, little smexy piece, with love, ... and bondage.