nor would they ever? How many times had people hurt him? How many times had people just turned their heads away from his pain? How many times had people ignored Jake's cries late at night when his father got a little too drunk. Nobody cared about a nobody. "Hey where you going?" Another shove and back down he went, face first into the mud. This time he didn't bother getting back up. There was no point, he wasn't about to fight them and they wouldn't just let him walk away. Jake's only hope was that they didn't raid his bag, searching for money. He couldn't afford to lose it. "Hey! What do you think you're doing?" There was the sound of running foot-steps. Jake glanced up through the mats of his hair to see three newcomer's to the group. Like almost everyone here they were native American with fawn brown skin and dark hair. The first of the three, the one that had spoken, was taller than everyone else there and had a fit figure his black hair was tied in a braid, reaching down his back. The second was slightly smaller, male had dark brown almost black hair cut to shoulder length. His face was molded into look of anger but had the tell-tale signs of someone who spent most of his time smiling. The third and final member of the trio was the youngest by at least two or three years. He was a short person but he looked ready for a fight, actually he looked ready for anything. He had a look of excitement behind his frown that indicated he was the 'baby' of the group and anything exciting happening was good enough for him, he was just happy to be involved. They were and odd trio, but Jake was relieved to see them all the same. It was hard to believe they were there for him, impossible in-fact. No one had cared about Jake's well-being up until this point. Maybe they had some old rivalry with the other four and they were just looking for an excuse to fight. Yes, that seemed a more likely explanation for their sudden appearance. 'What do you want Quil?" "I asked what do you think you're doing?" "What does it look like we're doing? We're beating up this feral" "Yeah! Ain't been many good people to play with since you buddied up with lil old Seth over there." The smallest of the trio tensed the second stood protectively in front of him. "You leave him alone!" "What you going to do Embry?" "You sure you wanna find out?" Quil, the tallest stepped forward, his frame tense and ready to fight. For a moment the trio stood off against the four bullies, each one sizing their rivals up while Jake remained, lying in the center. "Alright Quil we'll just run along but just keep in mind. You can't be there all the time and when you're not…" The boy trailed off with a suggestive grin. His mates sniggered before following their leader and taking their leave. "You alright?" The middle teen, Embry, held out his arm to Jacob. Jake took it and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet. "Don't worry about Tommy, he's a dick but he ain't stupid. He won't harm you is you stick with us." Quil said picking up Jake's bag and handing it to him. Jacob took it partially stunned. They didn't even know him and they wanted him to stick with him? "Stick with you?" "Yeah!" The smallest, Seth was smiling now. "This is Quil, Embry and I'm Seth." "Jake." He mumbled. "You gotta go home yet?" "Er… no." "Wanna hang out?" Okay so here is the first much-awaited chapter of Call Of The Alpha. Once again I apologies to all the people who have been waiting for this. I did promise to keep up with people and PM them if there was any changes to the posting dates but unfortunately I did not. This was mainly because I was having my own problems with writing my other fanfiction 'Kill Me Softly' a Vampire Knight fanfiction and I was unable to work on Call Of The Alpha and when I realized that yet another month has passed and I still haven't posted this first chapter, I felt guilty and lazy. I think I didn't email people and let them know the changes in my uploading date because I didn't want to admit being lazy or to plain just ignore the problem. So once again I apologize. I hope to update every week to every fortnight with this story. If I don't I want to make it clear right now that I do not just 'abandon' stories and even if it kills me I keep posting until it's finished whether it be a crappy ending or not. But off the heavy stuff. I hope everyone liked this chapter and is looking forward to the rest of the story. Jake's going to be a lot more timid and withdrawn in this story but also a little bit rebellious. I know that can be seen as OC but I think that if Jake grew up in this environment he would turn out like this. Also I would also like to make a mention to anyone who is not comfortable with physical abuse, bullying, slight mentions of sexual abuse, or boyxboy. Please do not continue reading this story. I would hate for someone to be hurt or angry over the contents of this fan fiction just because they skipped the warnings. I would like to hear feedback from everyone. Whether you want to just gush over the characters or comment on my writing style, my horrible typo's or try and make guesses about what's going to happen in the future. Feel free to PM me at anytime, I will get back to you as quick as I can and YES I will respond lol. Phoenix Please review V