"So I heard you're a foster kid, Alice ," Cassie spat, saying my name as though it were some kind of curse word. I remained silent, giving her a stony look. "Your birth parents obviously didn't want you, and who can blame them. Who would want a crazy freak for a daughter anyways?" She and Marian began to laugh once more, and I began to shake from sheer anger. My fists were clenched tightly and my mouth clenched tightly shut. I gave both of them a dangerous glare, but only Marian seemed to notice for the amusement began to leave her face, her heartbeat picking up in pace. " Stop talking now ," I managed to choke out, but Cassie completely ignored my words. She looked right at me, and while I could tell I had made her nervous, she obviously had no sense of self preservation for she only glared right back at me. Marian on the other hand was now trying to get her friend to shut up for she subconsciously recognized the danger they were in. "Look at you!" she shrieked jubilantly. "I'm right, aren't I?" she laughed. "Your family did get rid of you, and I bet it's only a matter of time before your foster family reacts the same way." Her words, spoken so carelessly tore through me more than she could ever know. My human family had abandoned me, and that thought hurt me terribly. "Maybe you can have your doctor daddy take a look at your head while you're at it, too," Cassie continued, obviously enjoying the state she was putting me in. "I'm sure he could give you some drugs that might be able to help you, or maybe he can get you into a special hospital for peo"—but she didn't get to finish her sentence because I snapped, loudly yelling out " SHUT UP !" before slapping her across the face. "Ah!" she screamed out in pain, falling to the floor from the force of the blow. With great effort I managed to hold back a ferocious growl as I glared down at her quivering form. There were tears falling down her face as she clutched the side of her face. Already I could see the beginnings of a bruise forming, and I felt great satisfaction. "YOU CRAZY FREAK!" she roared angrily as Marian helped her to her feet. By this time we had the entire gym's attention, but I didn't care because the next words out of this witless girl's mouth made me see red. "You belong in a mad house! You're nothing but a freak, not fit to be amongst us normal people!" she snapped cruelly, and I could not stop the growl that escaped my lips as I once more raised my hand and gave the girl another vicious slap to the face. I froze momentarily when I heard a loud crack, only to immediately relax upon hearing the loud wail of pain. If she could still scream then she was still alive, I thought emotionlessly. The stupid girl was on the floor again, clutching her jaw, a look of agony on her face as she sobbed. I could tell it was broken, but I felt absolutely no remorse as I watched her. There was screaming and yelling at this point, and Ms. Stevenson appeared, staring between Cassie and I with a look of utter shock on her face. "What happened?" she demanded sharply as she tried to assess Cassie's wounds. "This is Cullen's fault!" Marian shrieked, pointing an accusing finger at me. Tears were streaming down her face as she tried to soothe her friend. "She attacked Cassie for no reason, I saw the whole thing!" Some of the other kids began to speak up, corroborating Marian's story and throwing me dark looks. I returned them full force, smirking when I saw all of them look away from me. Ms. Stevenson looked at me with disappointment and incredulity. "Is this true, Alice?" she questioned, and I just gave a single nod, crossing my arms over my chest as I gave her an indifferent look. I saw anger flash across the teacher's face at my lack of remorse. "Marian and Sheryl, please escort Cassie to the nurse's office," she ordered, murmuring some soothing words to that useless cow as she continued to sob. The three girls began to make their way as Ms. Stevenson turned toward me. Her expression was very severe as she sternly said, "You and I are going to pay the principal a visit, Ms. Cullen." I said nothing before just turning and making my way towards the office. I didn't care what she or anyone else thought. I didn't give a damn about being in trouble. Cassie deserved everything she got and more. Dad and Mom are not going to be happy though, I suddenly thought, and I searched my future, grimacing as I saw the bewildered and disappointed reactions of my parents upon receiving the call from my school. My stomach churned nervously as I knew without visions what punishment would be awaiting me once I arrived home. Fighting in anger was expressly forbidden in this family, and the consequences of breaking that rule were a nice long trip over Carlisle's lap. I bit my lip before convincing myself that I didn't care about that. I wasn't sorry, and I wasn't going to pretend to be either. If Dad wanted to spank me, then so be it, but I wouldn't apologize! A/N: So Alice has gone over the deep end, hasn't she? The stress of what she's discovered about her past, her anger at Edward and Carlisle for leaving Bella, and the bullying by Cassie just became too much for our normally perky pixie. It'll be a while before this anger leaves though, so prepare for some mighty tantrums in the future. I've finished the entire story and plan to update once a day. There are a total of 12 chapters. PLEASE REVIEW!