horrible, disrespectful"— "Stop, please child, stop speaking," Arthur interrupted, moving one of his hands to the back of my neck and giving it a gentle squeeze. It was odd gesture that I wasn't accustomed to, but it felt nice. Father would never do this. The only times he'd grabbed the back of my neck were as a warning, to haul me around, or to force me into punishment position when I was stupid enough to fight him. "I don't know why your father would," he began to say before pausing and taking in a deep breath. "I cannot speak for your father, Carlisle, or even begin to explain what he does, but just accept that I am not like him. To me I feel as though you've been punished enough. Are you sorry?" "Yes, sir," I responded immediately. "Then this punishment is over with," he stated matter of factly. "All is forgiven now." "Just like that?" I asked. "Just like that," he said with a smile. "Now, come here, son so I can give you a hug," he beckoned with opened arms as he stood up. I went into his arms without thought and relished in the warmth and comfort his touch brought me. "I am incredibly proud of the man you are becoming, Carlisle, and you should be as well," he whispered into my ear. "You are a good, intelligent, brave young man who any father would be proud to call a son. Cherish your life as much as I do." I teared up, the emotions of the day hitting me all at once, and it was his next words that finally put me over the edge. "I love you," he declared, the sincerity and emotion clear in his tone. It was at that point that I couldn't keep the tears at bay any more. I began to cry. In fact, I began to sob into his chest. I was so tired, in pain, and just overwhelmed by everything that had happened. "I'm so sorry," I sobbed finding it too difficult to stop the tears. Hard as I tried I couldn't, so I apologized over and over and over to him. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry." "I know, Carlisle, and all is forgiven," he murmured softly. "All is forgiven. There's a good boy, you're alright now." "I-I-I can't stop," I cried. "I-I-I can't!" His hug tightened as he questioned, "You can't stop what?" "Crying!" I shouted, feeling completely distraught. "I'm sorry, so, sorry! "For crying?!" he responded, seemingly bewildered, which only confused me more. "Uh-huh!" I responded, nearly unintelligible. I felt his sad sigh on my scalp, and if possible his hug tightened even more before he released me. "Look at me, child," he murmured softly, gently lifting my chin so we could see each other's eyes. "Never, and I repeat never feel sorry for crying," he declared strongly. "There is nothing wrong with crying. It doesn't make you weak at all, do you hear me?" "But-but-but-but"—I started stuttering. "But nothing," he interrupted adamantly before gently wiping away some of my tears that didn't seem to want to stop. I stared at him uncomprehendingly, not understanding how he could be so different from my father. I wanted so desperately to believe Arthur, but my father had been telling me differently for all my life. How could my father be wrong? He was the smartest man I knew. "Father said-my father said that crying was"—I began to say, but he once more interrupted me. His words were kind, but I could see frustration and dismay in his eyes. "Ignore what your father told you, Carlisle…at least with me," he said, "Do you understand? You never need to feel sorry for crying in my presence. I will not think any less of you." "I don't get you," I muttered thickly, and he gave a soft chuckle as he once more pulled me close, which served to only increase my crying. "Oh Carlisle, everything is alright, son. You're doing just fine," he murmured into my ear. "No, no, no," I basically whined, "I'm not. I'm tired, my head hurts, my hands hurt, and my butt hurts. I just wanna sleep, I'm sorry!" I moaned pitifully, burying my head into his chest. I felt very much like a small child, but I didn't care at this point. He wasn't getting angry, and I just wanted comfort. I craved it. I needed it. Arthur responded by just shushing me and picked me up as though I weighed no more than a sack of potatoes. I immediately startled, shouting out and beginning to buck in fright. I shouldn't have said anything! "Woah, woah, woah, woah, child, shh, shh, it's alright now," he spoke soothingly, "I'm not going to hurt you. I'm not going to hurt you. Deep breaths now, deep breaths," he repeated over and over as he carried me out of the barn. "I'm sorry," I whimpered pathetically, and he just shushed me once more before starting to whisper to me how good a boy I was and how much he loved me. "It's alright now, Carlisle, I won't hurt you," he added sincerely after I failed to really settle down. His words started to have an effect on me and I slowly began to relax into his hold, exhaustion getting the best of me. "Go to sleep, Carlisle, all will be well when you wake up," he murmured. His words and his arms were comforting, and I couldn't remember the last time I'd felt so wanted and protected. I loved this. I really did, and with those comforting thoughts I fell fast asleep. A/N: Yes, this is the ending! Hope you enjoyed! PS: I am working on an epilogue for Week of Tears. No promises as to when it will be ready. PPS: Once again, I know stallions are male now. I'm an idiot for not knowing this earlier, but I am to lazy to fix it throughout the story. So sorry!