her makes me wet! But we went from table to table, thanking our guests, wishing them well, asking to make sure they were enjoying themselves and the food. Some people were shocked that we , the just-married, were making sure they were having a good time. But that's something I learned from my dad. You made sure your company was happy, and you became happy because of their happiness. You don't look for your own happiness, because that's a sure way to be miserable. Bella and I circled among the crowd, me, absolutely at ease with everybody, big shots or no, Bella, ... hanging onto my arm and smiling as best she could. She was the perfect blushing bride, by God. She didn't eat one thing. People kept coming up to her and congratulating her. The should have been congratulating me. I had the money, but they weren't congratulating her for marrying well, they were congratulating her for how happy she was. They should have been congratulating me. Bella was the catch, and I caught her, and now I wasn't going to let go. Ever. One table was particularly funny. "Lauren, Sophie!" I exclaimed happily. "So glad you made the long flight over!" "We wouldn't miss it for the world, Rose," Lauren said. I smirked. I let that one pass. Even Bella doesn't dare call me 'Rose.' I think I scare my blushing bride, just a little bit. Sophie smiled up at me, warmly. She was just so in love with her super-model tomboy she'd be happy anywhere now. Even in my company. "Are you all having a good time? Enjoying the food?" I asked solicitously. "God, the food, Rosalie, is so good!" Sophie enthused. "Leg of lamb, is it? In what kind of sauce is it?" "A burgundy sauce," I said smiling warmly at her. "I'm glad you like the meal. Bella was up all last night cooking in the kitchen making sure it was just right, right, Bella?" I turned my attention to my bride clinging to my arm. "Uh, what?" Bella asked, in a daze, "Yeah, glad you like it," she offered, her eyes vacuous. She was way, way off in la-la land. I escorted Bella back to our table, but I heard Sophie's intense whisper to Lauren. "Rosalie made Bella cook this on her wedding day?" I tried, very hard, not to burst out laughing. In Sophie's defense, she did have a case for totally believing I would do that to Bella. I think she thought I read Taming of the Shrew for marriage tips, you know, advice like: 'Tip one: if your bride gets uppity, put her over your knee and warm her bottom until she's complying and submissive again.' But then again, that tip made perfect sense to me, as, after all, I did employ that tip to good effect nearly every day or so. Bella, back at our table, got nothing to eat, and she didn't even drink water, she was so far gone, and her face went from pale to pasty, almost green. "Bella," Abby whispered, "eat something. Here, have this." Abby slipped Bella a saltine cracker. Bella nibbled at it. She ate one little bite off the corner then put it down on her empty plate. That cracker was still there on her plate when we left for the night in the limo to go to our hotel room. I had to watch that. You can't force-feed Bella, but when she gets like this, all nervous and fragile, you can't push her. But still. The night ... we showered. That calmed her down a bit. We went to bed. I got her a sheer Farr West slip, lavender, of course. I will never, ever grow tired of the color purple for the rest of my life. I dressed in whatever. I didn't care. I just needed Bella to be calm and comfortable and know that she was loved. My bride. So we didn't make love on our wedding night? You're wondering that, I sure. Not that it's any of your business, but, yes, like nearly every day, we made love. And today was special, not for the mind-blowing orgasms, because there weren't any. Bella was just too keyed up and tired, all at the same time, and I found I was exhausted, too, just holding everything, and Bella, together to make sure today ... not was a stunning success, but just worked and that we just made it through. We just had to make it through today, and we did. Just as we would now, every day for as long as we shall live. So we made love, and it was soft, and it was sweet, and it was gentle, and, at the end of it, when Bella was done and resting peacefully... At the end of it, Bella was in my arms, and I was in hers. I kissed her softly on her forehead. "I love you, Rosalie Hale," Bella sighed and drifted off to sleep. I held her, watching the worry lines fade and disappear from her brow, and feeling her breathing become even. "I love you, Bella Hale, my dearly beloved wife. I love you forever," I said softly. And I slept. fin A/N: Happy St. Valentine's day, my lovelies! kisses, `phfina p.s.: Sophie is Lauren's ... 'friend.' She's a mite conflicted about all this, whatever 'this' is. Her story, and Lauren's, is told in my story Bitter. Read it, it's a Lauren-fic, yes, but you may actually surprise yourself by liking it, and by liking ... Lauren, for the first time ever in your life. p.p.s. Don't. Just don't google 'farr west slips' and select images. Just ... don't do that. 'Cause then you'd storm in on Bella and Rosalie all enflamed with whatever, and then you'd have a very serious problem on your hands ... for the last quarter-second of your life when Rosalie caught that look of lust in your eyes for her blushing bride.