of pain, both my hands flying to my bottom as he let me go. As I rubbed the sudden sting out I stared at Emmett with wide eyes, completely caught off guard by his actions. He too seemed surprised by his own actions because he was staring right back at me with eyes just as wide. As shocked as I was though, or probably because of it, his swats somehow managed to bring me back to my senses once more. Looking back on my actions I could no longer hold back the shame and guilt of what I'd done and how I'd acted with him. Emmett had only been helping me and look at how I'd treated him. I finally let out the tears I'd been holding back, sobs wracking my body as I fell to my knees. "I'm sorry," I cried out, relieved when my big brother lovingly wrapped his arms around me. He whispered soothing words and comforting reassurances as I cried out the guilt I felt over how I'd treated him and the fear of my impending punishment. Dad was going to kill me. I eventually managed to bring myself under control. I wiped at my eyes and nose, still sniffling as Emmett helped me to my feet. I wrapped my arms around him, laying my head on his broad chest as I apologized for how I'd treated him and thanked him for his help. "That's what big brothers are for," he remarked with a dimpled grin as I pulled away, and I let out a soft chuckle. He gently wiped away the last remnants of my tears, and my heart warmed at the caring gesture. How I loved my big, burly brother. Never in a million years would I have imagined the relationship we now share. I mean, I'd always thought of him as my older brother, but I never thought out of all my siblings that he would be the one I would grow closest to. Not even my relationship with Alice could compare. Ever since I'd become a vampire Emmett and I had hit it off in a way I just couldn't understand. When I wasn't with Edward I spent most of my time with him just talking or mostly messing about. He made me feel young and like a kid. He helped me smile and laugh. He'd taken to calling me Tiger because he said that's what I looked like when I hunted. Nobody but him called me that, and I really liked it. "Sorry about the swats, Bella," Emmett apologized sincerely, "I shouldn't have done that." I waved away his apology. "Don't worry about it," I responded sheepishly, "I deserved it." "Yeah, but I still shouldn't have,"—he began to say, but I just gave him a light shove as I said, "Shut up, Emmy." He laughed in reply before taking in a deep breath. "So, I smell a bear nearby, you want it?" His grin was wide, and I hesitated briefly, my fear of losing control coming to my mind before I just decided to acquiesce. Emmett would keep me safe. He wouldn't let me lose myself. I began to sniff the air, trying to figure out which direction to go in. It was a big deal for Emmett to offer up a bear to anyone, and I knew there were only two people he would do that for, me and Rosalie. Catching the scent, I immediately took off, Emmett at my side. I quickly caught hold of the bear, drained it dry and disposed of it. We then took off for a herd of elk, and I took down two of them before letting out a contented sigh. I hadn't realized how thirsty I was. I waited for Emmett to dispose of his meal before approaching him. Now that we'd hunted it was time to head home and I was wondering about his earlier threat. "Are you going tell Dad?" I asked him nervously. Emmett chewed on his bottom lip for a few seconds before shaking his head. Sporting a small smile he said, "Nah. I should, but I think you learned your lesson, right?" I felt an influx of relief as I rapidly nodded my head. "Yes, I have," I responded, giving my brother a huge hug. He laughed heartily, patting my back as I thanked him profusely. "Don't mention it, Tiger," he told me. "You'd do the same for me, wouldn't you?" "Of course," I replied, "you just have no idea how relieved I am. Dad said he'd spank me with his belt if I ever went out on my own." Em's eyes widened at my words. "He said that?" I nodded my head grimly, and he just let out a breath as he shook his head. "Damn, that's harsh," he mumbled before giving me a bright smile. "Well, you don't have to worry about that, baby sis, cuz I got your back! Now let's go home and play some Mario Party!" I responded enthusiastically, never having been a fan of video games until Emmett came along, and not to mention my new found coordination. "Last one home is a rotten egg!" Emmett shouted, taking off. "No fair," I yelled, sprinting after him. I noted that he didn't take the direct path to home, and I couldn't help but smile softly as I realized he was purposefully avoiding all the places he'd seen humans today. God, how I loved my big brother. A/N: Awww, I want a big brother like Emmett. Isn't he just the best? Well, Bella has gotten herself into quite the predicament, hasn't she? Big bro Emmett is more than willing to bail her out, but I don't think Bella's conscience is going to be able to handle that. Let's watch and see how long she lasts before she cracks. As always, my story is fully written and I will update daily. This is one of my shortest fics and only has six chapters. PLEASE REVIEW!