she said, "I li-..." "Maria Josefina Gabriella Sophia Ocampo de Guzmán." "Uh, okay," Lauren said, nonplussed. "Uh, wow!" "Yeah," I said. "Papa called me 'Gabby' when I was little, but I hat-... but I didn't like that name, so it's just 'Sophie' now, nobody calls me by my full name, ... like: ever." Lauren's face was intense. I was blabbing. I do that when I'm nervous. Or becoming faint with blood-loss, it turns out. "We're here," Lauren said, and screeched to a stop in front of the Wahiawa General Hospital. She raced out of her seat around the car and lifted me bodily out of my seat. "Corpsman!" she bellowed as she ran us to admission. "Corpsman, on the double! I have a severe neck injury that needs immediate treatment!" I looked up at Lauren. Her head was limned in light. Like she were an angel, or something. A stupid, dumb-fuck, deadly, military angel. ... Well, that was exciting. I kept trying to tell people I was all right, and people kept running around like they were the chickens with their heads cut off. Maybe I could ask Lauren to do just that: cut off everybody's head who was running around or leaning over me, checking up on me, poking me, prodding me, wheeling me every which way they could. If she did that, there's be a lot more quiet in the hospital today, I tell you what. ... Lauren. "I have to go," she said. "I know." I answered. "No, you don't understand. I miss formation, it's a missed movement, and I get court martialled. I have to go," she insisted. "I know," I said, and pointed to my chest. "Navy brat." My hand felt very, very heavy. It was hard to control. "Ah," Lauren said. She looked down. She held up a piece of paper to my face. It was her id: SPC Lauren Mallory. She has also written in below the photocopy of her id the following: 1st squadron, 91st Calvary Regiment. Well , I thought, now I know her last name, too. "This is my military id," she said. Great, I thought. She thinks I'm a three-year-old. "I wrote my unit and my commanding officer here. I left my insurance information with the hospital, too, but ..." She looked away. "If you wish to press charges, simply contact the Department of the Army and provide this information, and they'll get the relevant information from you and the hospital here, and ..." She scowled. "Fucking court martialled in Kabul. Fucking great," she muttered. "Press charges?" I asked, confused. Lauren sighed and tsk ed. "Sophie, I have to go now." "I know," I said. I wondered if she were stupid. I told her I knew, like, three times, already. "Okay," she said brusquely. "Look, you're in shock. You're confused. When you get your head straight again, here's my info, then do what you have to. Okay? Okay. 'Bye." She turned to go. "Lauren." I called. "What?" she snapped, turning back. "Don't do anything stupid, or brave, or, you know, whatever to get yourself killed, okay?" "What are you talking about?" she snapped angrily. I ignored her pretend-ignorance. She knew what I was saying. "I'll be pissed," I said. "And you'll never know if you asked my name, and asked me if I wanted to see a movie with you, if I would say 'yes' or 'no,' would you? If you killed yourself, you'd never know." Lauren glared at me, furiously. "Do not toy with me, okay, Sophie? Besides, you said it. 'I'm not gay,' you said, so don't play me like this. Don't say it if you don't mean it, 'cause I won't ..." "You said you weren't gay before, either, right?" I insisted. "So what do I know? And if you don't come back, you'll never know what might've happened, right?" Lauren shut her eyes for a second, tightly, then stamped her foot in fury. "Okay. Whatever. Gotta go. 'Bye!" She stormed out. Her back tight. Furious. "'Kay," I whispered, sadly. "'Bye." The doctor came in. The name on her tag was 'Lam.' She was an older, beautiful Chinese woman with long, silky-black hair all the way down her back. She glanced after Lauren with wise eyes. "What's her problem?" she asked. I rolled my eyes: "Haoles," I explained. Dr. Lam smiled warmly and chuckled. A/N: See, ... No, wait. First things first. This is a side story to my story Ridden. It's about Lauren after she goes off to join the Army after High School graduation. Okay. Now. See, this is why I didn't want to write about Lauren in Ridden, see? I write about Lauren, I think about Lauren, then she stands up and says, 'you know, I'm not a bitch. I mean, I am, but ... but you just can't sh!t on me like everybody else does, ... like Steph did, 'cause there's what everybody thinks about me, and then there's me, and you gave Rosalie a fair shake when nobody else would, and you're just gonna play to the stereotype with me?' See? And how come is it that Lauren never got a chance? She was just a first-class, one-dimensional bitch in Twilight. I mean, even Rosalie got her Eclipse , chapter 7, but Lauren? Nothing. Well, Lauren isn't going take the bitch-slapping she's gotten sitting down, and she let me know, in no uncertain terms, of just that. Joy. A Lauren Mallory fanfic. What next, `phfina? Ya gonna write an ExB "Oh, Edward!" "Oh, Bella!" fic, too? Shudders. Okay, I don't see myself sinking that low. Oh, and watch this video: armytimes-dot-com-slash-VideoNetwork/2973148502001/US-Troops-Celebrate-Christmas-in-Afghanistan&odyssey=mod|video That's our service men and women having Christmas in Afghanistan. p.s. "Haole" is the Hawaiian term to describe white people from the 'Mainland.' Yes, it's derogatory, but, depending on usage, not necessarily vicious, it's more like, 'oh, well, those crazy white people, always rushing about and always getting themselves into trouble; they need to get into "Aloha"-time.' Like that. Sometimes.