but ended up closing it after a moment when all I could think to say was profuse apologies and promises to never do it again. Esme knew I was sorry. She knew I would promise to never treat her in such a way again; however, with much sadness I was realizing that this was a promise I wasn't sure I could keep, and judging by the expression adorning Esme's face she knew this as well. A painful lump formed in my throat as I attempted to process this revelation. I couldn't promise my own wife, the love of my life that I wouldn't hurt her in this way again, and I wasn't sure how to deal with that. My eyes stayed trained on hers, and I saw both understanding and resignation. This wasn't right. She shouldn't have to resign herself to my shortcoming—to my failure . I swallowed heavily, finally finding my voice. "I wish I could promise you that I wouldn't ever treat you like this again, love," I admitted sorrowfully, "but I can't. I can't promise that I will always consult with you regarding a punishment, or that I won't override what you want. I can't promise you this as I have so many times before because I think we've both come to realize that this is a promise I am unable to manage." Esme nodded her head in agreement. "I will promise you, though," I continued to speak, "that I will try my damndest to treat you with the respect and trust you are more than deserving of. I trust you with my life, and I trust you with the children's lives, but…" I trailed off, biting my lower lip as I pondered whether I should continue with this train of thought, and if so, how to phrase it. "But," my wife prodded with an encouraging look. "You have led a sheltered life," I began delicately, deciding to quicken my explanation at her incredulous look. "I do not refer to your human life. I would never presume to minimize the pain you suffered then. What I mean is that since I turned you, I have sheltered you from the horrors of our world as much as I have sheltered any of the children." Esme's incredulous look vanished to be replaced with a contemplative frown. She was clearly intrigued by what I was saying. "I know I have explained to you many of my experiences prior to coming to the States, and I have explained to you about the Volturi, but to be honest, no amount of explanation is sufficient. You have not had my experiences. You have not seen how cruel and horrifying our world can be. Yes, you've been exposed some to the dangers of the Volturi because of what Edward, Alice, and Bella went through, but…" I once more trailed off, letting out a harsh sigh as I rubbed the back of my neck. No longer looking at Esme I continued speaking before she could say anything. "These are excuses I know, and they do not entirely excuse my behavior, but I need you to at least somewhat understand my reasoning." I finally fell silent and looked by towards my wife. Her brow was furrowed as she no doubt processed what I had said. "You're right that your explanation doesn't excuse your actions," she suddenly declared, "but you're also right that I have truly not experienced much of the dark side of the world we live in. You have protected our family more than I have realized, and I can't help but love you more for that." She sported a soft smile as she closed the gap between us. "I'm still hurt," she added honestly, "and I'm not happy with your inability to promise that you will not treat me like this again, but I understand. I truly understand your reasoning, but don't expect me to be happy about it. I will not stop calling you out and getting angry and frustrated when you dismiss and ignore my thoughts. Despite whatever arguments or problems we may get into, though," she stated, "my love for you will never change. You and the children are my life, and we are stuck with each other through all the good and all the bad." Warmth spread through me at her words, a soft smile adorning my face as I pulled her in for a loving kiss. Pulling her into a tight embrace then, I whispered a fervent thank you into her hair before we broke apart. "You are my rock," I declared strongly. "You keep me grounded, and I am more than happy for you to fight me…although it may not seem like it at the time," I finished with some humor. She let out a snort before gazing at me with serious eyes. "You're determined to go through with Eleazar's punishment?" she questioned, and my stomach twisted at the reminder before I gave her a firm nod. "I am." She gave her own nod before I then explained how Eleazar had decided he and I go on a little trip for a couple days where he would then take care of the punishment. She was quiet for several moments, and I could see that she was thinking something over. "Very well," she murmured before straightening. "While you pack I am going to speak to Eleazar." "Esme," I sighed, "Please do not try and stop this." "I'm not," she replied. "I just plan to issue a warning that he will have to deal with me should he harm you in any way." Her face was serious and her eyes determined. I was touched by her sudden protectiveness, and decided there was no use in trying to stop her; so I just gave an understanding nod, suddenly sporting an amused smile at the thought of my sweet wife threatening Eleazar. The man could handle my temper, but I knew he wouldn't be able to handle my wife's as easily. A/N: