had rarely had to use before to get my attention. She shouldn't have ever had to yell at me. My mother, who had so graciously sheltered me when I needed it most. My mother, who had always supported me. My mother, who had accepted me without question two months ago, when I showed up without any explanation other than a broken heart and a great loss. She deserved better than this. "I'm sorry," I said in a small voice. I sat back down, defeated, my feet on the floor and my shoulders hunched. "Now," She continued, glaring at me, her voice shaking. I looked up at her, my bottom lip sticking out. I dared not cry, though. This wasn't about me at the moment. This was her. This was for my mother, and she deserved my attention. "Mrs. Crowley really needs some help. The headmaster, Dr. Cullen, is away until Friday, and we've had a major problem with a previous teacher." I sat and waited, not replying. She at least deserved for me to hear her out before politely telling her no again. I could tell I wasn't going to do it. There was absolutely no way I could go back… I hadn't taught children in years, and I wasn't ready for lesson plans, or being responsible for an entire classroom of children. I couldn't even control my own life, how could I ever be responsible for other lives? When my mother saw I wasn't going to interrupt her, she continued, this time more carefully. "Dr. Cullen is expecting Mrs. Crowley to find a replacement before he is back. We're in desperate need for a substitute, Izzy. There's a class of first graders who are so behind because their original teacher isn't here. We thought that since Mrs. Victoria Baker left before Thanksgiving, it wouldn't be a problem until after the holiday, but obviously Thanksgiving is now over and we're facing at least three and a half weeks of a first grade class without any instructor. Now, you know Mrs. Crowley is one of my very good friends and I've told her a lot about you. She asked me last week if I would talk to you about maybe substituting, until Dr. Cullen could find a permanent replacement." I had remained quiet this entire time, looking down at my hands. They were incredibly pale, shaking, and the nails were chewed to practically bleeding stubs. "So, what do you think?" My mom asked me softly. She watched me for a moment before adding, "It's just substituting, honey. I knew you would freak out if I told you to go in for an actual interview." Again, I didn't say anything. I just stared at my hands. I thought of my old classroom again, and of the children sitting on the reading carpet I used to have at the back of the room. I thought of how much I longed to hold my old Cat in the Hat book in my hands and how much I loved to read to my kids at the end of the day, right before their parents picked them up. "It would only be for a little while… if you don't like it after a day, or decide you really don't have any desire to be there anymore…" I thought of the little backpacks lining the wall in the back of the classroom, their different colors representing each personality of each child, hanging from their very own hooks. I remember one backpack in specific, a teddy bear's head poking out from between the zippers. It had belonged to a little girl, a girl who had an attachment to her favorite stuffed toy. My mom stood up and sighed. She smoothed her hands over her slacks and sighed. "Will you at least think about it?" She walked out of the room, leaving the curtains open and the light flooding through the window. I heard her feet on the stairs, and my face turned to the window again. I saw a tree in the yard across the road with a cliche tire swing hanging from it. I hadn't noticed a child out playing on it the entire time I had been there at that house. Was there a child that lived in that house? Had it grown up, into an adult, and outgrown the tire swing? My arms tightened around my abdomen again. Would I one day have a child swinging from a tire swing? I stood and peered into the closet of the guest bedroom I was staying in- the bedroom my mother now claimed belonged to me. It might as well be mine, I had been here long enough. Long enough for my mother to unpack the three bags I had brought with me a couple of months ago. Long enough for her to go out and buy me new clothes; new clothes that I had never even taken the store tags off of on account of me never wearing them. A hanger clinked as I tugged a simple black dress down. I slipped my pajama pants off, my hands roaming over the dress's fabric. It was soft, a t-shirt material. I put it on my bed and continued to undress. It became painfully obvious how much weight I had lost in the past two months. My grief and mourning had caused me to become skin and bone, to the point that even my underwear hung awkwardly off my hip bones. I pulled on new undergarments, and finally slipped the dress on over my head. It was like I had pushed my head into an alternate universe rather than through the hole in the fabric. I felt like a washed person, a new person. I took a shaky breath and bent down to retrieve my old black flats from the floor of the closet. I could do this. It was just for a day, anyway, and then I could come back until I was ready to try again.