back, the one that had been holding me against him, and then my head was being yanked to the side by his hand in my hair as he released my wrists. The fingers of his other hand pressed against my mouth. "Taste it," he ordered. I opened my mouth to protest, but then his fingers were in my mouth and I was tasting him. I shivered with a mix of disgust and pleasure at the thought of it. "Suck them clean, yes, like that," he directed, nudging his hips against me and moaning. I felt him growing again as I did what he asked, having no other choice. "I'll have to put that mouth to good use on my cock—oh, no, not now, of course," he added, seeing my surprised-nervous expression. "No, I have other things that I want to be doing to you right now." I was suddenly reminded of the insistent pressure of the blunt head of him brushing my hole with each grinding motion he made. My stomach tied itself into knots and I was suddenly not so sure of the conviction that I had held earlier. Alec leaned forward, ensnaring me in a kiss and reaching around me to tug at my rapidly growing erection. "It'll be good, you'll be begging to come by the time I'm done with you," he began, pulling my head back as he straightened. His hand continued to stroke me. "And if you're good, maybe I'll let you." I had no time to fathom the implications of that sentence as he released my hair and pushed my shoulders down in the process, pulling my hips up against him. One hand caged my hips, and other grasping his member and guiding it to my entrance. I whimpered—from what, I wasn't sure—as he held the head against my hole, groaning as he began to push into me. I tried to pull away, convinced that he couldn't fit—his long, thick length, surprising for someone so young, but then again he was a vampire and— His hands held me steady as I jerked, not letting me move an inch as the burning sensation of him entering me, stretching me, spread with each careful, measured thrust into me. My hands fisted the comforter, needing something to ground me, to keep me from going insane as he slowly tormented me. Finally, I couldn't take it. "Fuck, please, I—oh god," I moaned as he hit that special spot inside me, encouraging the hard-on that had diminished, if only a little, from the uncomfortable feeling of him inside me. "Please, what?" He sounded so collected, but the minute strain to his voice hinted at how badly he wanted to thrust into me with abandon, to take me like his thoughts screamed at me. "Please, I can't take it, I need it—I need you to fuck me." I screamed with pleasure as he thrust into me in one swift move, sheathing his entire length inside me as he leaned over me, supporting himself against my back and moaning. Oh, fuck, so hot, so tight, need to — need to move , fuck. He pulled back slightly, jerking his hips and thrusting back into me. I groaned, over come by the pleasure-pain. He pulled back again, almost completely out this time, and then yanked my hips back until I heard the slap of our skin meeting and I felt him tremble with exertion as he struck up a pattern, fast and hard, thrusting quickly into me. My babbling started once again as he found that secret spot inside me, hitting it over and over until I was ready to explode, panting and screaming for release. Alec's thoughts kept up with mine as he pounded relentlessly into me, one hand moving to firmly press my upper body into the bed while the other held my hips back for him. Dear god, fucking — amazing, feels so good, can't believe — the first — His pace quickened, his gasping, unnecessary breaths picking up—oh god, I was so close. My whole body seemed to seize, and I would have collapsed if he hadn't been holding me against him as he thrust inside me. "Oh, fuck, that's it. You fucking like how my cock fills you up, don't you? Makes you come for me, beg for me," he snarled, fucking me faster still. "Yeah, oh, fucking hell—I'm going to fucking come inside you and you're going to fucking enjoy it. Ah, fuck ," he hissed, thrusting erratically now, pumping himself into me without rhythm or any sense as the filthy words tumbled out of his mouth, and then I was covering the bed once again with my semen, clenching down on him and screaming so loud I thought that the whole city might hear me. My whole body went limp, held up only by his strong grip, as he thrust once, twice, and a third time—and then I felt him pulsing inside me as he buried himself within me to the hilt, our bodies flush, and his teeth coming down on my shoulder painfully as he emptied himself inside me. He collapsed on top of me, the weight of his body pushing me into the sticky mess of fabric below me, but I couldn't find it in myself to care. I panted underneath him, trying to string together my thoughts as he released my aching, burning shoulder and pulled slowly out of me. I became aware of the stinging sensation deep inside of me as he did so, realizing that it was his venom inside me, burning me as my body fought to dissolve it. He stood, then, and I distinctly heard him putting on his clothes behind me. I turned just in time to see him buckle his pants, smirking devilishly. Until next time, sweetheart. And then he was gone, as if he was just a figment of my overactive imagination. So, don't forget to leave a review! Possible oneshots in the future ;)