pain of losing a son is hard enough on her – she doesn't need to see the place where it had happened. Jasper exhales; I see him look down at his clasped hands. "I don't want her to see it," I explain after I swallow another bite, voice hushed as if that will make it all any less real. "It's hard enough on her already." He nods to himself. "It's hard on all of us." His words are clearly intended as a reminder to me that I'm not having an easier time than anyone else. I finish the pancakes in silence, not meeting his eyes. I don't deserve to feel as terrible as his family does. ~o~ I use the guest bathroom to wash up, changing out of the clothes from last night and scavenging through the laundry room for clean ones so that I won't have to go into my bedroom closet. My gaunt face stares back at me in the mirror as I tug the knots out of my hair, not caring as small sparks of pain register in my scalp. When I'm done, I stand in front of the sink, feeling hollow despite the fullness of the large meal Jasper had made me. I'm not sure how to return to my normal life without him , how I can go on as if my life hadn't shattered as soon as I'd entered our bathroom. Jasper knocks on the bathroom door. "Bella?" I jolt back to the present. "Yeah, I'm almost done," I call, reaching for the spare toothbrushes we keep in the medicine cabinet. Once finished, I open the door to find him waiting for me in the hallway. I brush past him, grabbing my coat and purse before walking out of the apartment. I wait in the stairwell for him, closing and locking the door behind once he crosses the threshold. He'd kindly volunteered to drive me to the hospital so that the stitches in my hand could be removed, since I didn't have a car. We say nothing on the rainy drive there, him focusing on the road and adjusting the radio every now and then. Guilt racks through me as I take in at his stony expression before quickly turning to the trees flickering past. He offers to come into the office with me when my name is called, but I tell him to stay in the waiting room, citing the simple procedure as my excuse. In all honesty, I just want to be alone as the last remnant from that horrible night is removed from my body. "You are very lucky that you didn't sever a nerve," the nurse tells me, deftly cutting the stitches in my palm. I nod unenthusiastically, not feeling lucky at all. If I had been lucky, he would still be here with me, waiting for me outside of the office instead of his brother. Or, rather, we wouldn't be here at all. "There, all done," she proclaims, smiling at my blank face and handing me a card detailing the aftercare. I force a smile, thanking her, and let her lead me back to the waiting room. We walk to the car, feeling troubled about the last time we were here, less than a week ago. Jasper breaks the silence, like always. "I saw the note on the counter," he mentions. My eyes meet his blue ones for an instant before darting back to the damp cement of the parking lot. "Have you read it?" My chest squeezes painfully, throbbing. "No," I manage, pissed and gritting my teeth. As if I could. He pauses, reaching for my arm. I shrug him off, turning to face him. "I don't want to read it; nothing will fix this !" I hiss, lashing out at him. I instantly feel remorseful. "I'm sorry," I stutter. "I'm just so…" Jasper nods yet again, understanding painting his face. "I know – I feel it, too." Can he feel my guilt over not being able to help him , too? The anger, both directed at him for doing such a thing and at myself for not doing anything to stop him? For not seeing it? I was the one who lived with him, loved him, cared for him. I should have known, but I didn't. The hole in my chest threatens to overtake me, to devour me whole. I should have known. "He left me a note, too," Jasper begins; my eyes flit up to his. "It came in the mail the day before the funeral." I flinch violently, which he ignores tactfully. "He didn't blame any of us," he tries to assure me. It doesn't matter if he didn't blame me. I blame myself. "I think you should read the note," he tells me, pressing on as I shake my head. "I think it might help you get some closure." "Jasper, how can I ever move on through life without him?" I question, staring at him. "How can I ever come to terms with what he did? I found him," I cry, wiping the salty tears from my cheeks. "If I had only come home sooner – " Jasper waves his hand, cutting me off. "No what ifs," he says, a note of finality in his voice. "Nothing you could have done would've changed what happened." Regardless of what he tells me, my mind still circles around the possibilities, of getting him help. Jasper grips my shoulder, looking like he is about to say something more. I shake him off, stepping back from him. "Just take me home." ~o~ As soon as I get home, I shut the door loudly behind me and throw myself into the rest of the wine bottle, not caring that it's now stale. I pass out on the couch, more exhausted than I should be after the slow day I've had, and curl into a ball with my shoes still on, my cries the only sound in our empty apartment.