I stiffened, Roy…That's Roy, my mate. I snarled in Carlisle grip and tried to get to Bella. I was slammed to the ground, feeling it crack under me. I growled at him, snapping my teeth. "Emmett get Jasper out of here! Rose, get Arya out, if she needs help, Alice do it." I snarled and pushed him away, then gotten grabbed by two more strong stone hands. I then stopped breathing and looked around, eyes widening. Roy was hurt and so was Bella. Rose and Alice was pulling me and Calisle and Edward were by Bella's side. I was yanked out and I jumped back, for once feeling like I was going to be sick, even if it was impossible. I pressed my hands against the closest tree and bent my back. "Go, both of you." "Arya-" I growled. " Go." Then they were both gone. I dug my nails into the tree, breaking apart the bark. I can't believe… My control… Bella…Roy… Oh, God, what have I done; the fear in his eyes! Of course there was fear, why wouldn't he be scared?! I almost killed him, almost killed Bella, Edward's-my brother's mate. I smashed my head into the tree. Monster! A Monster, I never changed and I never! How could I believe Roy could change a monster like me?! Even Edward, who Bella is a Singer to, was able to resist. Though someone who is less desirable still makes me go on frenzy. I growled; imagine if Roy was my Singer, he would have been dead that first day in the classroom. I'm weak, the weakest link! I was ashamed, I couldn't see Roy again! I need to leave! I yanked the tree from its roots and threw it at the others with a roar. I growled deeply and ran off, snagging a deer on the way draining it dry. I licked my lips of leftover blood. I grit my teeth and growled as a scent washed over me. Alice… I snapped my head toward her, baring my teeth. Alice's face was worried as she came to my side and hugged me tightly. I clutched her shoulders. "Alice…how can I…What do I…" She hugged me tighter. "Arya, it's ok. Don't run, we'll figure it out." I moaned and hung my head, my forehead touching the top of her head. "I'm nothing but a Monster." "Don't say that, come on back home." I bowed my head lower as she let go of me and she kissed my cheek in sisterly affection and then grabbed my hand, walking with me at human speed. I asked, head low. "Where's Jasper?" She frowned deeply, something unfamiliar on her face. "He wanted to be alone." I could see the worry for her mate shining through. I sighed. "Makes sure Jasper knows he's not at fault and I'm not angry with him. I'm the one that should be blamed." She yanked on my hand harshly, pulling us through the forest. "Stop that, I'll remind him again." I frowned as we reached home and bowed my head lower. "Where is Roy and Bella?" "Edward took them home." I nodded at the thought of Roy's fearful look; I brought that look again, when I promised to myself I would never do that again. That look didn't belong to his face; I never wanted him to feel that. We walked in and I didn't look at Carlisle, too ashamed, how he must know how weak I am. I looked up to him, how he is able to be by bleeding humans all day for years and not be effected. I stuffed my hands in my pockets and shrunk down even lower when Esme hugged me tightly to her with motherly affection that seemed to burst from her. I made sure I was as still as possible. I didn't deserve this, this kindness. Esme shouldn't be touching such a disgusting filthy monster! She let me go with a sorrow filled look. I felt self-hatred, no self-loathing fill me. I know it's vampire nature to attack humans, but Roy was my mate, their no exception, we're not supposed to be a danger to them. Also Bella, She is Edward's mate, she grown on me over the summer, she came over to my home. I grew sisterly affection for her. I wanted to be able to protect her as family, how can I do that when I am the danger that needs to be protected from. Edward needs to hurt me for attacking his mate, my just about sister. Alice loves her and thinks of her like a sister too. I smelt Edward's sent coming from the garage. I tensed my shoulder, feeling them dip a little lower. I flickered my eyes toward the door and back down toward the crack I made when I was slammed into it. He needs to rip my limbs apart, bite me and let him venom burn every inch of my skin. Edward came through the door, his eyes and face darkly furious and his black glared into mine. Wow! That was just wow…I can't believe I just wrote that depressing piece. I didn't know if I would be able to cover that depressing scene, the horrifying, but I did! I set it up that way for a reason. I hope you like this, the Second Book, New Moon. This story might be shorter that Twilight because it won't go by the book much. But it will still be a decent length. Updates will be slow, but hopefully quicker, but being a Senior in High School is a thing with going to classes, homework and studying for the SAT and ACT next month. Save me! I also have plot bunnies that will be new stories, I know, hate me now. When she gets to the tree, listen to Naruto's Sadness and Sorrow , if you want to make it more emotional, if you want to. Enough with my life, I hope you like it!