he wanted us to write up a famous event and write about it. I sighed; for once I would like a challenge. I flickered through my memory and decided to do one on Fort Sumter. Not many would do it, I would guess Gettysburg would be the one most written about. I sighed and then stiffened. I looked around confused. The scent I was getting was...weird. I looked to see someone in front of me. He had black hair that fell around his ears and tan-ish skin. His smell was...sweet because of his blood, but dulled. It didn't make it as bad. I frowned, could this be what...still dangerous. I felt this strange pull though. I ignored it and soon the bell rang. I clenched my fist and walked off, feeling weariness from leaving him. It was snowing and that uplifted my spirits. It was even better because I haven't felt the cold for a century and a half. I grabbed snow in my hand once I saw Rose, made it into a ball, walked past her, slapped it on the back of her neck. I walked faster, she snapped. "Arya"! I ended up behind bulky Emmett. I grinned and sat down. I heard Emmett booming laugh. I laughed with him, but moved away from them, shaking snow at me, Alice and Rosalie (who came over). I shook my short hair back at them and they laughed. Jasper and Emmett shared smirks. My hair was short, about bottom neck length because I cut it when I joined the army and since I'm a vampire, hair doesn't grow back. Edward was serious though. It brought back the problem with that other human. Edward looked at me strangely. I glared warning him to stay out of my head. I saw him stare at Bella and she do the same back. She looked away and I asked. "What is your obsession with her anyway"? He glared, but said. "I can't read her mind". My eyebrows went up in surprise, but then I grinned laughing loudly. "Ha, it's what you deserve"! The others laughed, had enough experiences of poking through our heads. I heard Jessica, the school gossip queen say. "Edward Cullen is staring at you". "He doesn't look angry, does he"? I laughed slightly and looked off to see Emmett, Jasper and Rosalie talking about cars. No wonder she thinks that, with the looks he gave her. Edward made a annoyed sound and Alice smiled. I looked around lazily and felt a pull. I frowned and looked to see the black haired boy that gave me the strange feeling. He was actually sitting by himself, only around 2 or 3 people he was not talking to. He was reading a book and the cover was face done on the table so I could not see what it was. He kind of twitched and looked up at me. He stared at me in shock. He had bright blue eyes; I felt my mouth turn up slightly. I saw a flush and he looked down to his reading, eating at the same time. I looked back to see him looking at me again. Someone poked him and I heard the guy next to him ask. "What you doing man"? The black haired boy asked as I looked away. "Who are they". His voice was a little rough. "Oh, uh those are the Cullen's, they moved here two years ago from Alaska. Emmett, Edward, Alice and Arya Cullen. Plus the Hale twins over there". Black haired boy asked. "Who is the one with the short brown hair"? "Arya Cullen". "Oh ok". Lunch ended, I shook my head and ignored the looks from my Coven. I walked off with Edward to Biology II. Edward and Bella were actually talking. They talked about things I didn't care about, I was thinking about that boy, what is so special about him. Soon enough we had to start this project of finding phases using mitosis. I smiled slightly at Ethan, he was real shy. I pushed it toward him and nodded. Pushing a slide in and analyzing it, wring down something and pushing it toward me, it's how we usually worked. Then after a while, I heard. "Did you get new contacts"? I stiffened, if she that observant, that's not good. "No". That's where the conversation ended. They finished and we did a couple minutes later. Doing this school thing is mind numbing. I leaned back and pull out a book, Eragon. Lately the world fantasies amuse me. Dragons for example, I even read Harry Potter series in two days. I read everything, from medial books, updated ones, Fantasy, Classics, Shakespeare, you name it. I heard. "So, Edward, didn't you think Isabella should get a turn with the microscope"? "Bella, actually identified 3 of the 5". I was reading and ignoring what was being said. I listened to slight snips, he was asking why she moved and that she was apparently suffering herself. I heard Bella say. "You must be a good reader than". I snorted in amusement, but she didn't hear me. Obviously Edward did. Mr. Banner was teaching and then the bell finally rang. I got up and rushed out. I really didn't want to be here or I would think about- Something crashed into me. I looked down to see the black haired crash into me onto the floor. He looked at me in shock. I looked blankly at him and gave him a hand up. I let go, the feeling was strange. He said. "Sorry about that, I'm Roy Michaels". I smiled at him and he flushed slightly. "The fault is all mine, I'm Arya Cullen". He nodded and walked away fast. I sighed and go on my bike, racing home. I had no Internet so I decided to write this up on notepad until I got iy back and I just edited it. I'm still working on Clary's Sister and Girl Falls Into One Piece!