Being a vampire is awesome. It has a million things that are better. I can see better, hear better, I can even smell better. I can't eat human food, or have any children or go to the bathroom, but I didn't care. I came down the stairs this morning, smelling new arrivals and the first thing I saw was Luna. Why did she look so familiar? She wore a really baggy sweatshirt that hung to her mid-thighs and colorful yoga pants. She was also wearing golden sandals. Maybe I knew here before I got a bad case of amnesia after James attacked , I thought. I don't know. We said hello and I headed into the kitchen, Edward following like a lost puppy. "Hey, Esme. I have a question. Who is that girl, Luna? Do you know why she would look so familiar?" Esme said she didn't and I went back upstairs with Edward. Later that night, as I read my new copy of Wuthering Heights, Edward and I heard a scream, then someone calling, "No! Why! Don't!" I bolted into Luna's room and saw Rosalie shaking her awake. I then realized what had happened. Luna just had a nightmare. Edward and I headed back into our room while Rose confronted her daughter. Luna's POV: I cried and clung to Rosalie, my mom. She was sitting next to me on my bed. I faintly heard Mariah snoring. As soon as I stopped crying, Rosalie– no, Mom– said, "He will never get you here, okay?" I nodded and she kissed the crescent scar in the middle of my forehead. I was born with it, that was my namesake, Luna. Soon Mom and Dad left and I fell back to sleep. This time, my sleep was dreamless. In the morning, I woke up and went to the bathroom, to weigh myself and take a shower. I stripped of my clothes, did my business and then zeroed the scale. I carefully stepped on and read the numbers. 99.8. I'd gained 9.8 pounds. I silently cried as I took a shower. After my shower, I went downstairs, barefoot. I forgot to put on my sweatshirt, but only noticed this after I made it all the way down. I had started wearing tight tank tops, so if the others saw, all they would see are my ribs poking out sharply, threatening to break the skin. My collarbone jutted out sharply as well. I sighed as Bella came down the stairs and just stared before flitting off. I bolted up the stairs and ran to my room, flopping on my bed. A minute later, there was a small tap tap tap on my door. "Who is it?" My voice broke in the middle and tears spilled down my face as my mom entered, gathering me into a hug. "Sweetie, Bella told me what she saw. Why are you so skinny?" Her voice was so sincere... I wiped away my tears and stopped crying. "I don't think I'm skinny..." My voice trailed off and she stared at me, shocked. "I weigh 99.8 pounds. That's a lot." "No, hon, no, it really isn't. Listen, I want you to at least try to gain some weight okay. What you are doing is not healthy." I just nodded. This was the first lie I ever told my adopted parents. The next time I looked into the mirror, I saw the same exact thing as every other time. My eyes had dark purple circles under and around them. My collarbone jutted out very sharply, looking like small bowls. My ribs showed all the way, nearly. I could wrap my fingers around the bottom ones, easily. I turned to the side and saw that there was barely a few inches thickness of my waist. I started to cry and sat softly on the bathroom floor, wishing I were at least a little bit normal, knowing that I wasn't. Eventually, I stopped crying and went back to my room. As I was hanging my small collection of dresses in the closet, I found an old dusty book. It was about pianos and how to play them. It even had a few songs written in it. I spent the next half hour reading this, then went downstairs to try what I'd learned. "Hey, Esme?" She nodded for me to continue. "Do you have a piano?" She nodded and showed me where it was, in the living room. I started tapping cautiously on it, getting a feel for it and then the songs rushed into my head and my fingers sped across the keys beautifully, to their own accord. I was playing Für Elise. Edward and Bella entered and sat on the couch. Soon my music had gathered everyone to the various couches and chairs. I continued playing harder, building up the crescendo before ending the song on a soft high note. As soon as I stopped and turned, everyone clapped. I blushed and looked down. Edward asked, "How do you know how to play piano?" I told them about the book I found and how I read the entire thing. "That's great, hon. You play like you've known how for centuries." I thanked Mom and went upstairs to take a nap. In my bedroom, I looked out the open window and saw a flash of red. "Mom!" Immediately, Mom bounded up the stairs. "What's wrong, hon?" "Who is that red-headed girl you, Dad and Carlisle were talking about?" I asked. She gave me a weird look and said, "Victoria?" I nodded and said, "I just saw her flying through the trees out my window." She nodded and ran downstairs faster than you could say 'tornado.' I shrugged and closed the window, locking it. I drew the curtains and turned out the light, snuggling under my covers. I dreamt about being turned into a vampire. A/N: Hey, muffins! I hope you liked the first chapter! Review if you want me to continue this, thanks! X-PissedOffTheVamp-X