I got out the car and popped the hood "I don't know what the fuck I'm looking at" I shouted staring at the innards of my truck "You couldn't stick with me!" I groaned kicking the bumper of my car and sticking my fingers up to it furiously. Yeah I had officially gone mental, standing on the highway staring at my cars engine, talking to my fucking car. Groaning I at least tried to figure out what was happening as I leaned over to get a good look into my cars engine I dunno maybe the answer would magically come to me or I would see a sign saying *insert plug here to start car* Why she had to choose to die out here I dunno when the ironic thing was that we had been near a gas station today and she didn't decide to keel over there. That's my fucking luck. "I don't know what I'm fucking looking at, yanno you could at least give me a heads up" I muttered into the truck, I was so preoccupied I didn't even notice the car pull up next to me "Oh my" I heard softly from behind me as I quickly turned round I it my head on the hood "Oh shit you okay?" the voice said quickly walking over to me. "It's okay" I muttered "Just my head" I said rubbing the spot on my head. Only then did I look up to place a face to the voice and I'm pretty sure my breath caught in my throat. This boy, well no boy didn't do him justice, this was a man. His thin yet defined body hugged his grey t shirt and his cammo shorts rested gently on his hips. His strong jaw and beautifully sculpted cheekbones were accentuated by full pouting lips and most amazing green eyes I had ever seen on a person. All of this was completed by a mess of coppery bronze hair which was sticking up at all angles, something told me he couldn't tame that hair even if he wanted to "You might have a concussion" pretty eyes said as he grabbed my wrist and pulled me away from the front of my car checking my head "I'm okay honestly, it happens al the time. You'd be surprised" I shrugged "Okay, I was just coming to see if you were okay. You looked like you were having trouble either that or I was creating my own Megan Fox transformers scenario" he laughed. I should have been offended, that he stopped because he was staring at me bent over a rusted up car, but I found it oddly flattering "No I'm okay thanks" I said shutting the hood back down on my truck harshly "Bitch" I muttered again kicking the bumper "Where you going?" he offered "Home I replied solemnly and it was only then I noticed that my song had change to Michelle Branch 'Breathe' My songs were being oddly perceptive today. "Oh right okay" he smiled sadly "I can give you a ride if you like" he offered "No thank you" I said sharply as I grabbed my backpack and handbag off the seat along with my phone and food, I slammed the door on my truck and locked the door. "We had a good run sugar" I said stroking the hood before walking in the direction I was driving "So that way is home?" he shouted, I turned round to see him sitting on the hood of a Volvo smirking at me "Yeah" I said walking backwards to look at him "Nice meeting you pretty eyes" I shouted turning back around. I carried on walking for a few more minutes until I hard his engine start but instead of it getting further away it got louder, I turned round to see him driving up next to me "Awfully long way to be walking" he said through the open window "So" I replied "So if you die out here I don't want to have been the last person to talk to you, its creepy" he smirked. I stopped walking and bit back a laugh "Get in the car" he said simply "I don't even know who the hell you are" I muttered shaking my head "When you look back on your life 20 30 years from now, don't you want to say you had the balls to get in the car?" he asked "Are you like a transformers geek or something" I said frowning He laughed shaking his had "Okay you caught me, recycling quotes, but the meaning is still there" he said, his eyes twinkling "What have you got to lose?" he asked I stood not moving for a second thinking about what exactly I did have to lose and at the minute that was nothing. He looked nice, he didn't look like he would kill me, and he knew about transformers, transformer geeks don't go killing people in the desert. I thought back to the words my cowboy said to me earlier today Don't push people away, remember what I said Throwing away all caution I smirked and slowly walked round the other side of the car, throwing my stuff into the back and taking a seat in the front passenger seat "So my Fox what's your name?" he asked starting the engine again "Bella Swan, what about you pretty eyes?" I smirked "Edward Cullen" he grinned before putting the car in drive and zooming off down the deserted strip of road. I have seriously had Hotel California on repeat for the last half hour and its making me want to drive through the desert now haha. Whats the verdict? Should i continue? I think i like the mystery of it at the minute and c'mon who wouldn' get in the car with Edward. Please let me know what ya'll think i appreciate everything you say. I feed on reviews, and im rather hungry haha. Untill next time x