Angela and we headed off to Bio together. I handed my office slip to the instructor, Mr. Banner, and he directed me to the only empty seat in the room… right next to Edward Cullen. My heart skipped a beat when our eyes met. His expression was furious, murderous even. I was shocked. What had I done to him to earn a look like that? I hopelessly glanced around the room for an empty seat anywhere else but upon finding none, I resentfully began to shuffle down the aisle toward him. As I sat down beside him, I sensed his body go rigid. I chanced a quick glace his way and wished I hadn't. His eyes were coal black. He was shrunk away from me as much as the small black-topped table would allow. What the eff is his problem? I wondered wildly. Did I somehow offend his royal highness? I sniffed at my armpit as inconspicuously as I could. I didn't smell, hell, I took a shower that morning. What the fuck? What an asshole. I let my hair fall over my shoulder to block him from my view and I tried to focus on the lecture, but the iciness I felt rolling off of him in waves kept me distracted throughout the period. I stole sideways glances at him from time to time and saw that his jaw was set tight and his hands were balled into fists, his expression livid. I couldn't imagine what I had done to spark this kind of insane reaction from him. When the bell rang, Edward was out of his seat and out the door before I could even gather my thoughts. "Whatever…" I said under my breath. As I gathered my things and placed them in my bag, a cute blonde approached me. I recognized him from my table at lunch. "Isabella, right?" he asked in a pleasant voice. "It's just Bella, actually. You're…" "Mike Newton." He replied with a handsome smile. I couldn't help but smile back. "Mike, right. Sorry, I'm not so great with names." I put on my back pack and we headed for the door together. "That's okay; you've met an awful lot of new people today. Where are you headed to next?" "Um… gym?" I was just about to reach for my little map when he said it was his next class too. We smiled at each other companionably as we made our way over to the gymnasium. Along the way he told me about how he was originally from California and he completely understands how it feels to be the new kid in a small town. "So, what did you do to Cullen? I've never seen him act like that." He asked as we walked along a throng of students. "So I'm not crazy, he really was acting weird? Jeez, I don't know, I didn't say a word to the guy." "Crazy." "I know. You'd think I ran over his cat or something." Mike let out a chuckle. "Yeah. He's always been a little off. They all are, the Cullens. They keep to themselves, you know?" I made a sound in agreement as we reached the gym. He lingered by the girl's locker room entrance. "If I had sat next to you, I'd have talked to you," He said, flashing that attractive smile again. "…Even if you ran over my cat." I gave a small laugh. "Yeah? Well, you might change your tune after you see me in gym. I am horribly uncoordinated. Prepare to pretend you don't know me when I trip and fall on my face," I said with a grin. "I wouldn't think of it. I'll catch your fall." "My hero," I said with a cheesy swoon. I flashed him another smile before turning to enter the door. His warm smile in response made me think, despite that jerk Edward, maybe Forks wasn't that bad after all. Luckily, I did not have to embarrass myself in front of my fellow classmates that day as the gym instructor, Coach Clapp, allowed me to sit out. But the unit they were currently in the middle of was volleyball. I would not be on short supply of embarrassing situations over the coming weeks. ... With my office form completed, I headed over to the office after class to return it. I opened the door just as a gust of wind blew by whipping my hair around my face and swirling into the office. When the door finally shut behind me and my hair fell away from my eyes, I immediately was put on edge when I saw who else but Edward freakin' Cullen at the desk. I caught the last few words of what he was saying before he abruptly stopped and turned to give me another hostile glare. It sounded like he was trying to transfer to another biology class. "Never mind," he said turning back to the receptionist with a voice as warm and smooth as honey. "I can see that it is impossible. Thank you for your help anyway." With that he turned and swiftly walked out the door without another sideways glace. What the actual fuck!? I practically screamed in my mind. Who the hell was this guy? Why did he hate me so much? I literally hadn't said or done a thing to him and here he is trying to change classes because he hates me so much? WTF, for reals. Doing my best to gather myself after another terrible encounter with Mr. Congeniality, I brought my signed form to the receptionist who accepted it with a smile. She thinks I'm nice . I thought to myself after I left. Hell, you know what? A lot of people thought I was downright pleasant today. Fuck that guy, I thought as I got into my truck and made my way out of the parking lot. Thanks so much for reading. Let me know what you think! More chapters to follow :)