in that shrug that made me think he wasn't just being vague, that there was some sort of story there, and not a happy one. It was like there was something he wanted to say, but wouldn't. I puzzled over that one for a moment. It was then that Seth came out of the kitchen, shrugging his jacket on as he went. He looked around for me, confused, but his face brightened when he spotted where I was sitting. "Ali!" he exclaimed when he was level with the table. "You would not believe what Assface just said to…" He trailed off, seeming to clock for the first time that I wasn't alone. His eyes flickered from Edward to Jasper and back again, and he broke into a warm grin. "You're that guy who introduced Jake to Tanya Denali, aren't you?" he said to Edward. Edward nodded in affirmation. My eyebrows rose. At least that explained why Tanya Denali, Manhattan's best known club promoter, had known about Seth's band. I'd thought she'd seemed kind of big league to have been trawling underground bars in Brooklyn. Edward Cullen had connections, and apparently wasn't afraid to use them. I was startled to realize that I might actually like the guy. "Wow," Seth was saying. "Thanks, man." The two of them began an animated conversation, and as I watched them interact, I noticed that Edward looked entirely comfortable. He knew my side of town a lot better than he was letting on, I suspected, though I didn't know why. Jasper, on the other hand, looked sort of… uneasy. It took me a second to twig that Jasper was studying me, too, like he'd been tasked with memorizing my face. He seemed to notice me noticing, and hastily dropped his gaze. Seth asked him a question, which seemed to pull him out of his quiet reverie. He answered cordially, even warmly, and the tension in his shoulders seemed to relax automatically. I listened to the conversation, intrigued. It seemed that Jasper played guitar as well. Seeing him talk to Seth, I felt confused. I'd thought Jasper was uncomfortable being in Brooklyn, but maybe it had been something else that had made him seem so closed-off and haughty. Maybe it was me. I shook off that thought. He didn't care enough about me one way or the other to act differently around me. Did he? Edward and Jasper left shortly after that, Edward promising to catch up with me in school. Like we were friends. It was very odd. Jasper had nodded curtly, making no such promise. He'd shaken Seth's hand and clapped him on the shoulder, though. I was starting to take it personally. Seth and I had walked home together, at a pace somewhat like a crawl. "I thought you said you had no friends at school?" he accused teasingly. "I didn't. Edward and I just started talking today." "He's a good guy." "Yeah," I agreed, "I think he might just be." "Did you do something to offend Jasper?" Sometimes I forgot how astute he could be. Of course he picked up on the weird vibe. Nothing gets past Seth Clearwater. Although he'd never admit it, I think he has a promising future following in his sister's journalistic footsteps. "No," I replied. "I don't know what his problem was." "He seemed like an okay sort of dude," Seth said reasonably. "But there was definitely something weird about the way he acted around you." I thought of Maria, and the way her posse went out of their way to make my life a living hell. The others ignored me, but Maria… not so much. "His girlfriend hates me," I concluded. "Maybe that's it." "Men don't hate chicks because their girlfriend does," Seth scoffed. We spoke no more about it as he deposited me at my front door and wished me goodnight. I watched him disappear down the sidewalk, hands stuffed in his pockets and whistling away. When I got upstairs, Cynthia was in, but Dad was gone. Probably out working. Cyn was playing some drum and bass shit in her room, and I could feel the vibrations through the wall as I collapsed on my bed and flipped open my laptop. I checked Facebook, and stilled. Edward Cullen wants to be friends: accept/ignore. Grinning, I clicked 'accept' and surfed through his pictures. I was just being nosy, but my hand halted over the mouse when a picture of Jasper and Maria flared up on screen. Maria had her arms draped around his shoulders, and was grinning, and there, in the background, was Jasper's CEO father. He was watching them expectantly, and Jasper… well, his smile looked very wooden. There was no light behind his dark blue eyes. I was an artist. I knew people. I studied people. I understood body language the way I understood color and shade and texture. Jasper's body language was screaming 'I don't really want to be here'. My brow furrowed. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was off about Jasper Whitlock. Maybe the golden boy didn't have such a gilded life after all… Just then, my chat box pinged. I opened the message, and found, with some surprise, that it was from Edward. It was only two lines, but it made me smile. Thanks for letting me offload on you today, Alice. I think you might be the only person who hasn't looked at me like I'm a freak when I bring up Emmett. I typed him a quick response. Don't worry, Edward. Everyone looks at me like I'm a freak all the time. I get where you're coming from. The answer came through instantly. Well, then, I guess us freaks have to stick together. I signed off, feeling lighter than I had in months. I actually have a friend who goes to my school. Maybe. I wonder whether tomorrow might not be as heinous as every other day at Constance. I hope so. Love always, Alice