eyes scan the crowd for Jasper, and I'm disappointed every time when I can't pick him out. And then I'm walking past the kitchen in search of more booze when I hear his honey voice. "Well, I dunno 'bout 'dreamy', Bells. If I had ta sum him up, I'd say Cullen's more 'scathin'' or 'cocky'." I laugh, leaning against the doorframe to watch him. The muscles of his back are visible through the thin fabric of his t-shirt as he stands with his hands braced on the breakfast island, chatting to Bella Swan, the sweet, clumsy girl from earlier. I wonder if he even noticed that she's unconscious, perched on the countertop with her head resting against one of the overhead cabinets. Jasper stiffens at the sound of my laugh, and immediately whips around. His eyes go like saucers when he sees me, and he gives me a sheepish sort of half-smile. I can tell he's embarrassed at having been caught talking about me. "Cocky, huh?" I tease, smirking at him. "You don't even know me, Hale." Jasper leans back against the counter slightly, trying to muster up some bravado. I watch his Adam's apple bob as he gulps. "I'm just callin' it like I see it, Cullen." "Fine." I say. And then, abruptly, I want to give him my honest observations, too. The way he fits in perfectly, even though he doesn't want to. I don't know whether it's cowardice or expectations that keep him stuck in his little mold, but I want to find out. "Then let me call it how I see it. You are, without a doubt, the saddest person I've met since I got here." He flinches. "What do you mean?" I push off the frame and walk slowly towards him. Jasper backs up, but there's not really anywhere he can go. He seems to sense it, too, because he looks faintly panicked when I lean in and brace my hands on the counter, just outside of his. I can feel the heat coming from his body, and our proximity is turning me on so badly that I think I might actually pass out. "I'm trapped," he says unnecessarily. His voice is kind of shaky, his lips slightly parted. He's breathing kind of fast, and his eyes look darker than they did before. "I know you are." I murmur. Being this close to him has me straining against my jeans again, and I pray that he doesn't notice. "That's my point. You're trapped in this little life, in this little town. You're too stuck to move, and it's killing you." He's looking at me in wonder. No, that's not right. Utter disbelief is more like it. I know I'm right, just from the expression on his face. It's like he's worried that I'm reading his mind. "What makes you think that?" he says breathily. Wait, breathily? "It's just this look in your eyes…" And as I regard him again, I suddenly notice that his eyes look darker than they did before. His pupils are dilated. Big time. Fuck… am I… is this turning him on? Dare to dream, right? I continue talking without really hearing myself. I'm more focused on the minutia of his expressions, trying to gauge whether or not it's wishful thinking that I might be having some sort of effect on him, too. "You had it when you asked me about New York. It's like… like wistfulness. Only not. It's more than that…" I trail off. "I dunno, I just got this feeling about you when I ran into you on the stairs. I know I'm not wrong. You hate it here as much as I do." Jasper sucks in a deep breath. It's ragged, strained. So fucking sexy. Please be into this. I pray. But it would be too good to be true, surely? No guy gets that lucky. "I like my life," Jasper whispers. I honestly can't even remember what I said that he's responding to, but I jump on the statement, calling him out on his lie. "No, you don't." I shake my head for emphasis. "You're bored out of your mind. You're counting down the days until you can graduate, take off and never look back at this place again." He's breathing really heavily now, but the panic is still in his eyes. There's something else, though, something I can't quite put my finger on. "Go on," I prompt him silkily. "Tell me I'm wrong." He doesn't answer, which is really an answer in itself. "I meant it, Jasper," I say. I like saying his name. It just kind of rolls off my tongue. "When I said that you and I could be great friends. You're the most interesting thing this town's got to offer." Jasper's reeling from my comment, and he doesn't say anything back. I want to just lean forward and kiss him. I'm starting to think he might actually let me. Instead, I straighten up. I flash him a crooked smile. And then, because I can't resist, I grip his chin between my thumb and forefinger – which elicits a small gasp of surprise from him – and lightly chuck his chin. His mouth falls all the way open in astonishment. I hide my smile as I turn away from him, walking towards the door. I can still feel his eyes on me, and I don't have to look to know that he's gawping. I pull my phone from the pocket of my jeans and open up a text to Seth. I type quickly, and then press send. The text is as simple as it is true. I take it all back. I wrote. I think I'm gonna love this town. A/N – If you're reading my other fic, New York, I Love You, then you'll already know Jasper's perspective on this whole encounter. I'm going to update this almost as frequently as NY, now, so look out for another chapter soon. Kisses, PJ x