from the counter, I shudder and carry it over to the refrigerator. Personally, I find the stuff disgusting, and usually Bella does, too. I hope she isn't sick. Yet, upon opening the fridge door, I spot a half-full bottle already in there. "Baby, are you feeling okay?" I call out to her, hearing all three of my girls coming down the stairs. "Yup, absolutely fine," she answers, but that doesn't sate my confusion. "Did you realize you already had a bottle of gingerale in here?" "Yes, honey. I am very aware of that." I scratch my forehead but decide to let it go. If she says she's feeling fine, she looks fine, and what just happened upstairs certainly gave me no reason to doubt that, I would take her at her word. I am just getting to the last bag, and the final item is the box of saltines. Before I can even open the cabinet, I pause. I know we just bought crackers only about a week ago, when Bella suddenly had the urge for tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. We went through an entire box in a week? My eyes shoot open and my jaw drops. The sudden spontaneity of our encounter in the shower, after she had been so mad at me this morning and still had the sarcasm dripping from her tone when I returned. The sudden urge for something we hadn't had in at least a year. Saltines and gingerale. Moodiness. Sex drive that trumps even mine. Cravings. And something she's only consumed when she's sick or… I set the box in the pantry beside the nearly empty one and make my way to the living room, where I find Bella and the girls playing on the floor. Alyssa claps excitedly as she manages to join two of the large pink blocks together, holding them up in the air with pride. "Daddy, wook!" "Awesome job, sweetheart," I reply and sit down beside her, kissing the top of her head. Livvy sticks out a pouty lip and throws her toy down in frustration. I stretch out along the floor and prop myself up on my elbow, holding the block up for her. My daughter glances at me for a moment before screwing her little mouth with her focus and glides the one in her other hand onto it. Her eyes meet mine for the same praise I'd just shown her sister, and I purse my lips toward her for a kiss, which she quickly complies. For all her defiance and stubbornness at times, there are still many others like these where she already strives so hard to make me proud, and she never fails. "That's my big girl." Alyssa quickly crawls over to lean against my stomach, her head resting on my arm. I love these girls so much, it actually hurts sometimes, like my heart is literally going to burst through my chest. I don't care if that sounds lame or utterly unmanly; my daughters are my entire world, right alongside their mother. "Hey, Daddy put your new hats on the table in the kitchen. Why don't you go get them to show Mommy?" I say in an excited tone, tapping each of their pigtails with my fingertips. "I don't remember 'hats' being an item on the list, honey," Bella says as the girls squeal and scamper off to the kitchen. "Let me guess, they were just so cute and screaming out at you to buy them for the girls." "It was deafening. You should have heard it. I still have ringing in my ears from them now. So, my love," I begin, smiling at my wife sitting at my feet. "Is there something you need to tell me?" She crawls up beside me and lies down on the floor, a soft smile gracing her beautiful face as she gazes up at me. My fingers tug on a damp curl by her shoulder and one of her hands lifts to take mine, lowering and spreading them over her stomach. We talked about having our kids spaced close together, and decided a few months ago to let it happen naturally; I'd just never expected it to happen this fast. "How far along?" "Almost nine weeks." Her smile is infectious, but I see a tiny bit of fear, too. I kiss her sweet lips, smiling as she starts to laugh. She knows how much I enjoy when she's pregnant. I have an excuse to dote on her, which she's usually too independent to allow any other time. And last time, she was insatiable through the entire duration, which is a pattern that seems to be repeating itself. As she continues to laugh and whisper how much she loves me, and I her, I feel one of the girls climb on top of us. "Daddy, horsey!" Livvy neighs. Bella throws her head back, laughing as Alyssa crawls over to kiss her, too. I move lower and press a kiss to her stomach. As Livvy bounces on my back and pulls at my hair, I whisper, "Hey, little one. Please be alone in there." Bella has Alyssa giggling, her fingers tickling our daughter's tummy. Livvy, feeling left out, tugs on my hair harder. "Daddy, monster!" I growl at her and carefully maneuver her to play. As we torture our little ones with tickles, I decide that, even if it's two more that join our little family, it'll be worth it for more moments like these. "Daddy, tummy! Shit!" Livvy exclaims, and I freeze, as does Bella, and the look she gives me gives me no doubt that the water is heating up once again. "Livvy, we don't say things like that," she scolds. "Do we, Daddy?" "It slipped? I love you?" I try, leaning toward her again and smothering her face with kisses. "You're so pretty." Bella laughs again and turns her head to me. "I love you, too." Phew, no couch tonight. God, I love my family.