walking quickly towards the doors, and I just stare after him, startled by his abruptness and lack of gratitude for keeping the gallery open for him to look at one piece. Just as he's reached the doors, I find my voice and call out to him, sickly sweet and slightly sarcastic. "So glad we could accommodate you this evening, sir. Have a nice night." I swallow when he pauses with one hand on the door and looks back my way. Shit. I'm not usually so unprofessional, but he irked me. Circling back to me slowly, his distracted demeanor has changed slightly. His head is cocked to the side and those blue and green eyes are firmly fixed on mine, all of his interest zeroed in as he steps within inches of me. My heart rate escalates in my chest from a mixture of fear at the way I just spoke to him and nervous tension at his sudden nearness. He reaches into his suit and pulls a silver card case from the inside breast pocket. "You seem annoyed. I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself. How rude of me." He holds out a card and my eyes widen when I see his hand covered in ink. I stare at the tattoo, not reaching for the card, a little stunned. That is not something I expected to see, and I have to admit I'm instantly attracted. "Edward Cullen," he says, a rough, throaty tinge to his voice. "And you are…?" I snap to attention. "Isabella Swan, sir." I reach over the desk and grab my own card, which lays in my hand dully as he makes no move to take mine either. We stand there waiting for the other to make a move in a bizarre showdown that makes me slightly unsteady in anticipation, while he smirks, expecting me to fold. His expression begins to make me feel slightly playful, so I cock an eyebrow at him in return, and in a moment of boldness, take my card and place it inside the pocket on his chest, right behind that piece of burgundy silk. His uncommon eyes are piercing, but somewhat devious, and I watch as this fairly rude man I've known for five minutes takes his card and slowly sticks it in the neckline of my dress, right at the top swell of my breast. I may have been a bit daring with my action, but his is downright arrogant. I think I like it. I fight the urge to remove the card and look at it, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of thinking he's intimidated me. He breaks our gaze first and looks around the space once more. "Nice place you have here." He nods at the room, and with a brief smile and glance at my figure, Edward Cullen turns and leaves. I stare after him and see the man from earlier that day move stealthily from the shadows outside of the building, quickly stepping in front of Mr. Cullen. The large man opens the door to what looks like a very expensive, black car and waits for Mr. Cullen to enter, but this time instead of driving, he quickly follows behind him to sit in the backseat. There is a blond man behind the wheel, and the car drives off as soon as the door has closed. I find myself watching the now empty space the car just left, in slight disbelief. I take the card from my dress and finally look at it. There isn't much to it, just the initials 'EC' in raised black lettering on the front of the thick, gray card. I turn it over in my hand, looking at the blank space on the back. There's no title, no email address, and no phone number. Raising it to my mouth with a shiver, I tap the card against my lips and smile; titillated by the overconfident Mr. Cullen, regardless of the apprehension creeping up my spine. Walking to the back office, I pick up my cell to call Rose. She answers on the third ring, the din of the restaurant loud in the background. "Sorry to bother you, Rose, but we may have a problem." Follow me on twitter: planetbluefic Follow me on facebook: Planetblue Fic From the planetblue Archive of Awesome Fic List: The Consequence of Miracles by Travis Birkenstock (I have never been so affected by a story in my life. I still can't discuss it. I couldn't write for weeks.) Sometimes, the miracles we plead for come at a terrible price. AH, dark subject matter. Thanks to all of you for opening this up and giving it a go. As usual, it's completely written and edited, so posting will be my typical Monday and Thursday. Oh and one extra disclaimer this time: there will be absolutely no mention of birth control or testing. They are clean and protected, so let's just get that out of the way! :p Big thanks and love go to my awesomely talented beta, Carrie ZM. She's more than a beta; she's the other half of me, and not a day goes by that I don't thank my lucky stars that the universe sent her my way. All mistakes are my fault, because I can never leave anything alone, and she did not beta this a/n either (yikes). Thanks as well to the lovely LayAtHomeMom for hours of laughs, but also for once again taking on the task of pre-reading this, regardless of the fact she's posting her own story, Girl Code (check it out!). Thanks to Lolypop82 for the banner - as usual, she understood exactly what I wanted and delivered more than I could've hoped for. And last but not least, t hanks to Nic, Kim, and the lovely ladies at TLS for the Saturday Sneak Peek they included this story in this past week, I'll bet some of you are here because of them, and I'm so very grateful. xoxo PB