This is Seattle for Christ's sake. Walk four feet out the door and you've run into some dirty grunge hipster's shop playing World music and charging five dollars for a latte." "That's not the point-" "What about the business?" I rally back, sure their greedy pockets won't truly want any break they're proposing. I'm their only employee. It's not like I have a temp that can take over. "We have something lined up for a month or so from now. It's a good one, easy, big pay. Won't take much prep work at all. And Rosalie and I deserve a vacation too." Rosalie smiles that disgusting smile she gives my brother when she's in the mood, and I know they're planning on defiling each other, probably somewhere like New Orleans amidst all its debauchery. They'll fit right in. "In the meantime, use this opportunity to relax. Learn how to golf or something." "Nothing worse than resort wear." I shudder, picturing myself in plaid pants and a kelly green shirt. Sighing, I realize I'm probably not going to win this one, and they do deserve a break, they work almost as hard as I do. Besides, it's not like I can whip up a client on my own. "Fine. I'll take a month and read some books. Pick out a new fish. Name it Xander." I stare at Emmett pointedly. "Ah, we think it's better for you if you went away." "Why would I do that? Where would I go?" "Anytime you're not in this office or not on a job, you lock yourself up in that dungeon and get even more dark and moody than you normally are. We really think it would do you some good to gain a new perspective. Have fun. Mix with people. Where would you like to go? Surely there's somewhere you've always wanted to see. Bali. Tokyo, Australia. Go hang out with some kangaroos." My mind starts flashing images, thinking of all the places I've read about, all the landmarks and grand monuments. The Great Wall. The Eiffel Tower. Christ the Redeemer. Despite my apprehension to take a break, I start toying with the idea that I could do any of those things. I could take a vacation. It had never really occurred to me before to do anything but work. I shake my head, fighting the growing appeal. "Edward, this isn't a request." Looking at my brother as he lays a heavy hand on my shoulder, I see in his eyes the care he has for me, the love despite the combative and prickly nature of what our relationship has grown into because of the way I've chosen to live. He's worried about me. About the man I've let myself become because I didn't know what else I could be. And he wants to boink Rosalie's brains out without having to think about work. Conceding, exotic locations and once-in-a-lifetime thrills flit through my head, all the choices open to me. Money is no issue, and I have plenty of time. I can go anywhere, do anything. Snorkeling in the Great Barrier Reef. Meditation in a Buddhist Temple. Hell, I've never been anywhere in the U.S., really, maybe I'll go to Dollywood. All the way home and the rest of that evening, I ponder the choices, weighing the pros and cons of each. What place will boost my morale, which will further educate my already high IQ, and most importantly, where on Earth will people not annoy the living shit out of me. Sipping a scotch and thumbing through the travel catalogues Rosalie gave me, I glance at my computer. I don't go online often, but there's one place I've frequented on Google Earth, one place I've convinced myself I'll never get to. I feel the idea growing and I hesitate, fighting it, but my mind surrenders and takes me to a less exotic place, a different attraction. One not as decadent or exclusive as a Wonder of the World, but intriguing nonetheless. Looking around my apartment, I see it through Emmett's and Rosalie's eyes, the only people to have ever been here. It is depressing. Gun and mercenary magazines line the coffee table, dark curtains block out any light coming from the street, and the only pictures on the walls are generic prints of clarinets and saxophones from Bed Bath & Beyond that Rosalie chose hoping to add some 'fun' to the room. Maybe they're right; maybe I do need a life. A slow smile forms on my face, the idea of finally visiting a place I've longed for grows on me, albeit with a touch of apprehension. Maybe it's time. Picking up the phone, I dial Emmett so Rosalie can make the arrangements. Before he can say hello, I bark out my command. "Key West. I want to go to Key West." Hello everyone! I'm very happy to be back and I hope you enjoy my new story. First things first, you all must check out LayAtHomeMom's new story, "Kush". It is truly enjoyable, and I think you'll all fall in love with this Edward as much as I have. She posts on Thursday nights! I couldn't have done this without her keen insight, her great sense of humor, and her invaluable suggestions. She worked hard on this as my faithful pre-reader while still writing her own. Big thanks to Lolypop82 for another awesome banner. You were right, we always get it done. Big, blue thumbs up! And of course, no story of mine is complete without the love and attention of my beta, CarrieZM. She constantly acts as support system and muse, and never ever fails me. I appreciate the three of them so much, as well as the girls over at TLS for letting me use them to sneak this and present my banner this past Saturday. And I appreciate you, dear readers, for wanting more of my words. See you every Monday and Thursday, as per usual! xoxo, PB