in them an instant before his lips met hers earlier was reminiscent of that night, the one he made clear that he remembered as clearly as she did. Nine months before, just the two of them out for dinner after work. A couple of drinks, a few laughs, and one unexpected kiss goodnight in the parking lot. It started with a gentle and innocent brush of his lips on her cheek, lingering for a moment before her face turned and their mouths met tentatively. It began soft, but quickly escalated as the one they'd shared downstairs had, but just as abruptly ended. They'd stared at one another in shock, each seemingly surprised by the want that still lingered in the other's eyes even once the kiss ended. It then soon shifted to a look of despair in them both. The clause. It struck them simultaneously that no matter how much they might have wanted this, it could never be as long as they worked at Sherman & Associates. There was zero tolerance for interoffice relationships, and they'd seen that clause enforced twice, just in the time that Bella had been there. Although he'd mentioned at dinner that night that the three year goal he'd set for himself had passed with no hope of becoming partner any time soon, and he was strongly considering his next course of action, it wasn't happening any time in the immediate future. So, regardless of their desires, a relationship beyond what they currently shared could not be pursued, and neither of them wanted the other to be their dirty little secret. Yet clearly, the desire was still there. It became obvious by that kiss outside of her building. Her thoughts returned for just a moment to replay it, positive that he said "yet" after declaring it couldn't happen. Meaning it couldn't happen yet. Settling on the couch and tucking her legs beneath her, she shook her head to try to clear her thoughts and focused on her list. Obviously, the first "pro" would be the amazing opportunity it would present. Without the office politics, she wouldn't have to worry about a repeat of that afternoon. At least if she lost a client, it would be because someone else's ideas were better, not that hers were great, but not with her presenting them, and that was something she could live with. Also high on the pro list was that she could trust Edward. He admired her professionally and she knew he would never screw her over that way. Another plus was the possibility of working on the Cliffside house for a famous actress out in California. It would've been hers, but the men at the firm made her believe her vision wasn't feasible. Bella knew she could pull it off with minimal adjustments, but they wouldn't hear of it. They also would not allow her to work on it as architects in the firm were not allowed to take on "side projects", especially with former potential clients, while working for them. She knew the actress hadn't found an architect yet. The house would get the national attention and she wanted to design gorgeous and innovative houses. She would be able to work on the projects she wanted. Off the top of her head, she could name five prospective clients that wanted her but refused to work with the firm. Yet, she had to be realistic; there were also cons. She shook her head and went back to the list. It also meant the probability of working at least eighty hours a week for the first of year of business. They first had to build a sufficient client list that would justify hiring interns and other architects. To give them more of an edge and make them a one-stop shop sort of business, they could consider bringing in a landscape architect since they often consulted with them. Again, they would need to be more established. Long hours would a con, but the pro would be working on projects that interested them. She continued in the same manner for a few minutes, putting off the inevitable. There was something that was both a pro and a con. The attraction and pull between Edward and Bella was still very much present, even after months of setting those feelings and desires aside. They would have the freedom to pursue a relationship, one they'd ignored for the sake of their careers. It was a pro since the desire was so potent and to finally be able to have what they wanted would be a relief in many ways. It was also a con because if their relationship went awry, could they continue to work together? Also, working with someone you're attracted to is a difficult task when you can't do anything about it. Going into this thing, knowing there was even a possibility of something more while working together even more directly than they already had been, would they be able to remain professional? Almost immediately, she rolled her eyes and removed that one from the list. She and Edward had always been able to remain professional and maintain a friendship through the most hectic of situations. Even after that kiss, they had risen above and worked in very close proximity to one another without even so much as a lingering brush of their hands since. So why should this one be any different? They didn't even bring personal issues into work, and had saved them until they were on their own time. Professionalism was not even a concern for them, regardless of how much she wanted him, or vice versa. She looked at the list one more time, her mind approaching dangerous territory. Quickly, her fingers typed in something in the Pro column. Teasing Edward by wearing the black skirt he claims he hates would be fun. Laughing at her dirty mind, she erased it from the list, but not before realizing what it meant. She had made her decision.