my head. "LET GO OF ME NOW!" I scream as loud and as forcefully as I can manage. I kick him as hard as I can in the shins. It doesn't affect him much; I can't do much more than brush him the way he's restraining me. I throw slurred phrases at him. I beg him, plead with him, threaten him, and comfort him. Nothing works. I let out a scream in frustration. I look back up at his face only to see his fist lunge at me and hit my cheekbone. I cry out, a knee jerk reaction. My face twists in pain, but his face never changes. I whimper and softly cry, "Please just let me go Z. You are hurting me, please." I beg. "Don't say that!" He growls. "This is for your own good. You need to learn." He drunkenly slurs. He rams his fist into my eye and I can feel it swell. "HELP!" I scream. "SOMEONE, ANYONE! JUST PLEASE HELP ME!" I get an idea. I sigh in relief knowing I can escape. "Mrs. Gregory?" I call out, pretending to look at someone over Z's shoulder. "Please help me!" I shout. Zander whips his head around and let's go of me. I know this was my only chance so I quickly push my knee up into his crotch. I hear Zander grunt and I start to run. I've never been terribly athletic, I am way too clumsy. I try to keep my eyes on the ground so I won't trip and fall but I keep looking behind me, watching Zander run after me. He seems like a wild animal attacking me, not the man I love. My old converse hit the black top. I try to run as fast as I can, running faster when I see him get closer to me. I can feel the shape of the loose gravel, leaving divots in the bottom of my shoe. I look back around, seeing you almost on top of me. When I turn back around I have just enough time to see my toes land in a pot hole. My ankle rolls and twists while I fall to the ground. My forehead smacks against the ground and my ankle rushes with pain. I push past the pain and start to stand back up again. I move myself into a crouch before he grabs me. I feel large hands grab at my waist. Zander's hands scrunch my shirt up a bit and I can feel his sweaty palms. I twist my torso and start to blindly fling my fists at Zander. He just holds me away from him. He starts to pick me up off of the ground. I don't even see him strain. I have always been a tiny pixie. I only stand at five feet and one half of an inch. I have a fast metabolism and I've never weighed over 100 pounds. He keeps lifting me higher into the air until I was looking down at him. I swing my legs back and forth but his grip on me doesn't waver. I ram my foot into his knee, making him stagger. He starts shaking in rage and let's go of me. In the fraction of a second I'm in the air I twist and turn in a struggle. I hit the pavement. I land on my wrist, my elbow coming crashing down at it and I see my wrist bend over and press under my elbow in an apparent unnatural way. Then comes my head. It slams into the pavement and I can feel it scrape against the concrete. I cry out in pain. The rest of me follows, painful but nothing in comparison to my head and arm. I roll over onto my stomach and I sob in pain. I am having trouble breathing in between my loud sobs. I feel a large pair of hands drag my forehead across the pavement. I know the skin tore and it stings badly. Zander flips me back over and I can see a little trail of blood running down my face, mixing with my tears. I keep trying to scream but I can't stop crying long enough to force a scream out of my throat. He keeps hitting me and kicking me now too. I can feel his knuckles hitting my jaw, nose, cheek, eyes, collar bones, arms, legs, everywhere. I feel him jab his foot into my ribs and my hip bone. I feel as if I've been here for hours, but I know I can't have been here more than thirty minutes. I eventually stop pleading and screaming, too exhausted to continue. I lie there motionless looking up the sky, blocking out sound. I stay still while blood runs down my face. I am too tired to sob and silent tears rack through my chest. Some minutes I start hyperventilating and others I trap the breath in my chest, making me shake. Black starts creeping up around my eyes and a blurry sheen covers my eyes. Through the haze I can see Zander stop just as quickly as he had begun. He stops hitting and kicking me and starts to look me over. I stop breathing and he mutters, "Fuck," before he walks back to his car and drives of. The black starts to take over and the view of the sunny sky starts to disappear. I close my eyes, wanting to forget, and wanting to be numb. Hello! Thanks for reading my first chapter. I worked really hard on this for a month and I would sincerely appreciate any review you give me, positive or negative. I know this chapter was pretty intense but, I needed to show how much this affected Sutton. I would like to dedicate this chapter to Aspen, my best friend and faithful editor and inspiration. Pretty pretty please review, follow, and favorite. Feel free to PM me, I promise I don't bite ;)Thank you! -Aven