bed, shambling towards her and sitting at her feet. Mo placed one hand on his large head and looked towards the guy, careful to keep her gaze focused on a point above his shoulder. "Sorry about that." She cleared her throat, desperately grasping at the last shreds of her professionalism and wrapping it around herself like a security blanket. "Um, right, where are you? You are-you are currently residing in guest room fourteen of the Mystic Inn, located ten miles outside the town of White Oak, in Montana." She ducked her head, scratched the back of her neck and shuffled her feet nervously, "I found you earlier this morning in the backyard. You were unconscious and, erm, naked..." Spinning on her heel, Mo hurried over to the dresser, grabbed the clothes off the top, went back over to the bed and thrust the clothes at the guy, all without meeting his gaze. "Here, these were my dad's. They should fit alright. Maybe. I mean, he was a big guy like you so, yeah..." Mo trailed off awkwardly. "Thanks." The guy said and he took the clothes from her hands, his fingers brushing her and lingering. Hot . Mo thought dazedly as his hands touched hers and she shivered slightly. Looking anywhere but at him, she yanked her hands away and shoved them into the back pockets of her jeans to keep from doing something stupid. Like touch him. He chuckled lowly and Mo felt her breath catch at the sound. He laughed like a wolf, low, deep, and raspy. Mo flicked her gaze towards him and flushed for the millionth time in the past half hour when she saw the half smile he was sending her way. Wow. He could charm a nun right out of her habit with that smile. As it stood, Mo felt her heart stutter and her knees weaken. It had to be hormones. That was the only explanation for the way she was reacting to this guy. She glanced at him again and nearly swooned. Oh yeah, definitely hormones. She needed to get the hell out of this room. Especially because it was painfully obvious that he was completely aware of the effect he had on her. "Um, right, so, uh, welcome to Mystic Inn. Bathroom's through that door there. Obviously..." Mo gestured towards lamely towards the open door that clearly led to the bathroom with a hand which she immediately tucked back into her pocket. She rocked back on her heels and sucked her bottom lip into her mouth. "So, yeah, lunch is served at twelve in the dining room on the first floor if you're hungry... Right, okay," She pointed towards the bedroom door, "I'm just gonna, you know, go...Yeah." Keeping her head bowed, Mo shuffled hurriedly towards the door, hoping to beat a hasty retreat before she suffocated in her own awkwardness. She was just about to twist the brass doorknob when the guy called out for her to wait. Closing her eyes tightly, she exhaled through her nose then turned to face him. "Yes?" With that half smile still tugging at his full mouth, he asked, "What's your name?" Mo twitched and squashed the sudden urge to smack that smile off his face. Instead, she took a page out of Raphael's book and cocked a hip, putting some sass into her voice, "Why do you want to know?" She nearly had a heart attack when his mouth stretched into a full blown smile, his white teeth a stark contrast against his russet-colored skin. Forget the nun, if he flashed that smile, he could have gotten the Virgin Mary on her back. It was boyish and charming and waaaay too tempting to anything with a pair of ovaries. Mo was so distracted, she nearly missed what he said in reply. "I think I deserve to know the name of my rescuer, don't you?" Mo crossed her arms and shifted her weight from foot to foot as she reluctantly replied, "Mo Tanner." "I'm Jacob. Jacob Black. It's nice to meet you, Mo." Author's Note: Yes, it's another Twilight story, I'm sorry, but the idea just sorta came to me and I had to write it out. This one is actually gonna be very different from my other Twilight stories, since the OFC is clearly part of the supernatural, which is gonna play a way larger role in this story than it did in Always Sunny , Ironic , or even the Twilight books themselves. I know there are quite a few other OC stories where the OFC is a witch or some other magical creature, but I think this one is unique in its approach. Jacob is also gonna be a little more accepting of the imprint than he was in Always Sunny , so I hope that isn't too OOC for you guys. This is also my first real attempt at writing in this particular style, so thoughts and opinions on it would be awesome. Anyhooties, for those of you waiting on the next chapter of Open Your Mind , it's gonna take me a while to get that one up. I've got a little less than half of it written, but it started being difficult and is resisting all attempts at being completed right now. PS - If you want to see a picture of Mo, her mother, the dogs, and her father, just check out my profile. I haven't found a picture for Raphael yet, but I'm working on it. PSS - I hope no one is offended by my portrayal of Raphael, he's just the way he is. A total diva. PSSS - White Oak is a fictional town of my creation located on the outskirts of Missoula County in Montana, it does not actually exist. Terms to Know: Cervelle de veau - Calf brains, a traditional delicacy in Europe and Morocco. Usually served with tongue, but Mr. Roark prefers it with, well anything really. That's trolls for you.