the world as I smile at the old friends coming to pay their respects to the closing icon. We're all here; the musicians and roadies, the groupies and hangers-on, the bartenders and everyone that worked within these famous walls that made it what it was. Here to celebrate one last time. Jess is here too, the housewife in her re-living the 'Mom was cool once' night she recounts to her husband and children until they groan from the weariness of repetition. Saying hello, kissing cheeks, hugging those I see often and those I haven't in a while, I make chit-chat before giving an excuse to move on so I can get lost in my memories. Walking through the notorious space that had become my second home over the years and the stepping point of my career, I can't deny my footsteps are leaden as I say goodbye to this place. The sweat, saliva, and the blood of every musician and every fan that gave their life and signed over their soul to music hangs heavy in the air. I take in the pictures hanging around proudly on display, honoring the people that made the place what it was. Joey Ramone, Richard Hell, Patti Smith, and countless others caught in photographs lining the walls commemorating the club's heyday. Stars on the verge of something they didn't know was coming. I laugh to myself as I take them in. Some of these nights captured I remember vividly, others not so well. From my first visit to every visit after, the club held its magic over my head and I came back to soak it in repeatedly, camera always in hand. My photographs have gotten me in the pages of Rolling Stone, Spin, The New York Times and several books. Lou Reed, the Dead Boys, Blondie… I'd photographed them all in the seedy underworld that was the lower Manhattan music scene of the late 70s, my subjects morphing with the times to tell the story of the always charismatic members of the bands that had become my passion through 80s new wave, 90s grunge, and all those that made an imprint on the ears of the people. So many great musicians stood on this stage and sang under these lights. The ghosts of them all still fill the room, bigger and louder than life. I pause in front of one framed photo in particular, one of the several I'd donated to tonight's event. It's a famous picture, one that's been reprinted hundreds of times, one that always accompanies the story of the punk king that sang too loud, cursed too much, and left a huge footprint on the face of the British music scene, rivaling and soaring above his beloved Sex Pistols. But despite the photos fame, it'll always be solely mine. The subject in the photo is jarring at first look. Angry and gritty, caught in the eerie light that hangs above him casting yellow shadows across pale skin covered in black ink. The smirk I see when I close my eyes is firmly in place, smoke billowing and resting around his spiky head as his stomach caves in and his body folds in on itself in an uncomfortable looking angle. He's the ghost that rises above them all. Standing behind the crowd that's forming, I observe as they talk and point at it, at the notoriety of it and their memories of it being their first exposure to the king, the first picture they ever saw of the famous musician. Next to it is another, a picture of a doe-eyed girl and the same rock God giving them all the finger. They love it, take pictures of their friends in front of it, and I can't help but smile and think about what he'd say about that. I'd followed his career of course, after that night that changed me forever. I clipped out every article as his band, after their brief stint in America, rose to fame in London and then all over the world. I watched with rapture as he insulted the Queen on national TV and made himself an icon. A hero of the working class and the misunderstood youth. The yobbos and the hooligans. I worried along with his fans as he succumbed to a heroin overdose in a Belgium hotel, alone and surrounded by the debris of a life that suffered the darkness I saw in glimpses during those unreal hours. And when he died of a second overdose a month later, a part of me died with him that I never got back. I live with him every day, in my work and in my heart. Musicians talk about him still, the veterans and the up and comers, about how Eddie Cullen influenced them and their sound. It hurts when the talk turns to where would he be now and what he could have created, but I get it, how you can't not talk about him, how you can't not include him in music discussions. He's remembered every year on the date he left this world like Jim Morrison before him and Kurt Cobain after. His face graces t-shirts to this day, never before heard tracks continue to circulate and he squints at you from calendars, posters, and tell-all books. To everyone else, he's bigger in death than he was in life. He is still their king, after all. But to me, he is a starry-eyed humid night, a heated wisp of a dream that lingers long after one phone call from California and all the others that never came. He is a dingy bar and a tar roof; he is black marker and the euphoria of standing on a ledge with your toes too close. He is a moment seared inside an eighteen-year-old girl that shaped every moment that came after. He may remain their king, but he will always be the boy that stood with me on the edge of the world. The End