Paul said. "We got into the elevator with them, and Jesus Christ, this girl is like heaven. There are like seven people in that car, and we're all pressed together. This girl, she smells like oh my god , and we're all jammed in there and her tits, Edward, you know what I mean? And she's smiling at me. And then I'm thinking: Where have I seen a pair like those before? And the door of the elevator opens, and guess who the fuck is standing there waiting for them?" "I have no idea," I said, just wanting them out of my room. "Rosalie Fucking Swan!" announces Paul. "There are two of them, dude! Two of them! And one of them winked at me! Why didn't you tell us? This is fucking epic wank material." My heart rate, which had been growing steadily faster as they told me the story, was at an all time high. Then BOOM, my door banged open again. Billy slammed into my room, whispering loudly, "She's on the floor. She's on the floor." Billy stuck his head out the door, then pulled it back in quick. "Oh, shit. She's coming." Sam grabbed my arm. He looked like he was about to shit his pants. "What if she's coming for me? What do I do?" And these two idiots who had been jumping around like maniacs stopped, and all four of us stared at the door, which was not quite closed. We waited for her soft knock and watched as it edged open. And there she was, looking so good I wanted to cry. "Oh, hey," she said, all shy, and smiled at the guys. "Am I interrupting something?" I grabbed her hand and dragged her into the room. "Everybody out! All of you. Get the fuck out." I slammed the door behind them. "You can't shut your door! You're on duty!" one of them yelled, then punched the door. "This isn't fair!" another one yelled. "You can't have both!" Bella smiled. "Am I going to get you in trouble?" Too late for that, I thought. "No. I'm studying. It's fine." She wandered in and looked around, touching my stuff. This was one of the older dorms, and I had a fireplace. Not that it worked. "Your room is huge." "Thank you," I said and grinned. She picked up my meaning, and ran with it. "But your bed is so small." "I'm not taking the bait." She laughed and wandered over to my desk and looked at my books. "Macroeconomics? She picked up my syllabus and read. "Blah, blah, blah, causes and consequences of variations in gross national product, blah, blah . On second thought, maybe I won't go to college." "Good thinking. You visiting your sister? "She's got some kind of luncheon thing we have to go to. Rah-rah." And she did a little shimmy. I laughed, but it looked like she had something else to say. "So... I think I'm coming here," she said, then looked sheepish. "I mean, I got accepted." The thrill that ran through me was appalling. "A college girl." She laughed. "Yep." It was all right there between us. She looked so good. The same, only a little different. "Your hair?" "I highlighted it." "It looks nice." "Remember? That was what you told me to do, rather than... you know?" I laughed. "Did you paint your room, too?" "I did. And Mikey's." I could feel the prickling between our bodies. "So you'll be up here in the fall." "I think so." "You think so?" "Yeah." "I'd like that." "You would?" I put my hands on her waist. Her smile was huge. Someone started pounding on my door. "Fuck off!" I yelled. "Fuck off yourself, Edward. Let me in, or I'll use the skeleton key." Rose. Bella shook her head and broke away to open the door. Standing together, I could see why the guys were so excited. And in fact, there they were, behind the sisters, trying to get a good look into my room. Rose didn't look mad, but she didn't look happy either. She stood in the doorway. "Did you ask him yet? We have to go." I looked at Bella. "Ask me what?" She blushed. Rose was annoyed. "Oh my god, Bella. Tick, tick! We have to go!" Bella looked a little nervous. "Well, I was wondering... if you wanted to take me to my prom?" I leaned over and slammed the door on all of them. I walked toward her. "Decided you want the whole romance thing?" She took a step back and nodded. I stepped forward. "You want to dance with me, Bella?" She took another step back. "We don't even have to go to the dance — we can just go straight to the cemetery." I grinned and stepped forward again. "You want me to tell you what the idea of taking you to the prom does to me?" She nodded and tried to step back again, but there was nowhere for her to go. "What it'll be like when I touch your skin?" I pulled her arms around my neck and lifted her up. She wrapped her legs around me. I pushed her against the wall. She looked up at me, and her brown eyes sparkled. "Do you want me to tell you where my mind goes when you look at me like that?" She whispered in my ear. "Do you want me to tell you what I thought about while I was painting my room? The things we did when I imagined you were my babysitter?" "Your babysitter?" She bit her lip. "That sounds bad. Say boyfriend instead." A/N: I hope you enjoyed this little story. It was so much fun to write! Put it on alert, if you're up for it. I have a little plan for what I'm going to do with this, but no more specifics than that. Thank you again for reading, you guys are the best! xot