They shared the oversized chair for that very reason; no else could stand sitting with either of them. Except for her, of course, but she didn't mind her current cuddle buddies as they watched The Hobbit for the tenth time since its release. Nathan, who had only days earlier refused one of her kisses at school, and ripped her heart into shreds, was snuggling close and playing with her hair. He'd even whispered he loved her twice since the movie started. She knew he was growing up, so she'd savor these moments forever. Elizabeth cooed at the screen, mouthing her tiny fist and slobbering all over Bella's arm. She wiped it away and caught Edward's eye. He tried not to laugh and blew her a kiss. Yeah, she wouldn't trade her family for anything. ~oOo~ "Nathan! Your missing shoe is in the living room!" Bella hollered up the stairs, working to put a sandwich and grapes into a container for Amanda's lunch. She heard him from the top of the stairs. "How do you know?" "Because I can smell it, buddy!" "Mooooom!" She could almost see his blushing face from the kitchen, a trait he got from her. Amanda helped by grabbing her and Nathan's drinks from the fridge, running to the lunch bags on the counter to stuff them inside. "Dad! Your coffee is ready!" "Honey!" Bella joined her daughter. They had a set of lungs that would wake everyone in the house if they wanted to. Thankfully, Elizabeth was in her highchair, giggling at Nathan's funny faces. Without even looking at him as she finished another sandwich, she addressed her son. "Hey, mister, did you find your shoe?" "I don't have a sense of smell like you, can you go look for it?" He was whining and he knew it, blushing again when she gave him a look. He dragged his feet as he walked toward the living room, tugging a shoe behind him by the string. Bella shook her head. "Try under Dad's chair." She tapped his butt when he passed, earning a grumble. "I can't find my keys," Edward said as he walked in, ruffling Amanda's hair and kissing Bella's cheek. His daughter shrieked and swatted his hand away, saying she had to fix it again. He started to fill up his travel mug with the coffee. Bella looked up from her task, moaning a bit at the sight of her hot hubby in scrubs. The grey shirt he wore instead of the blue top, just added to the look and she wanted to take another shower with him. She knew her husband would make it up to her later, but damn him and his face. Her eyes met his cocky green ones, hers narrowing as she shook her fist at him. "You know what the grey V-necks do to me." He only smiled. Amanda returned and asked Edward if he'd be able to attend her piano recital in a few days and hugged him hard when he said he found someone to cover his shift. Before Bella had a chance to ask if they could have dinner, too, a honking horn caught their attention. "That's my car," Edward said, shaking his head. "I don't know where my keys are." "Ew, Lizzy has them!" Nathan said, returning to the kitchen. He held a hand to his stomach, his sienna hair a mess, as he poked a finger in his mouth, pretending to gag. Edward's nose scrunched as he removed them from the baby's tight grasp, immediately replacing it with the toy set so she wouldn't cry. As he turned off the car alarm, another blared from Bella's phone. "Amanda and Nathan, you have five minutes to be out that door or I'm changing the Wi-Fi password again!" That was their punishment whenever they ran late to get ready in the morning. They really had ten minutes, but Bella learned her lesson early on to take away some time to avoid tardiness. A text alerted her a few minutes later, as Edward helped put Elizabeth in her car seat. Bella called out for her kids, checking it. OMG! Thank you! Spa day is on me! - Angela Bella threw her head back and laughed. She felt her husband's curl around her from behind. He hummed against her neck. "What's so funny?" She showed him the text and the explanation behind it. He chuckled and nibbled on her neck. "Do you know there was one thing we didn't get to do this weekend?" Bella thought back to their weekend and shivered, earning another laugh from Edward. "We didn't get to break in the dining room table!" "Right, so send me a text when you get the baby down for a nap." He turned her to face him, kissing her properly. "I have a craving for a homemade meal at home for lunch." A minute later, he said goodbye to the kids, promising pizza later. After another hour, Amanda and Nathan were in school and Elizabeth was running in circles in the living room when Bella received a text from her husband. Mike just told me that the norm for him was twice a month! Fuck a high five. We deserve a trophy ;) She laughed and couldn't believe her husband decided to share a little about his personal life with the likes of Dr. Newton, the gossip king of the hospital. She didn't mind, since word would spread and serve as a reminder that Dr. Cullen was a very happy husband. A little before noon, as Bella put down Elizabeth for her nap, her phone vibrated with another message from her husband. Lizzy asleep? Bella laughed and shook her head, deciding to tease him. I thought I was supposed to be the one texting you. Impatient, my love? But yes, I just laid her down and she's almost out already. However, his next text had her quickly freshening up and running downstairs. ETA is five minutes, be naked.