won't kill you, Edward. It can't always be about the guns and action and adrenaline," Bella responded, deepening her voice as she spoke and making shooting motions with her hands. "You love the guns, action and adrenaline," he replied as he plopped down onto the couch beside her. "I was raised by my dad," she quipped and took a sip from her drink. "But every once and a while, a woman like me wants to sigh and swoon." "Fine." Edward had to work to keep the smile off his face. Did he know his girlfriend or what? He saw that very outcome only days earlier; besides, the last time he gave in and watched one of her girly movies, they ended up making out and one thing led to another. They didn't even make it off the couch, and he had no problem with that at all. "Thank you," she said, settling to his side. "The things I do for you." "Watch it or the Bridges of Madison County will be the first Clint Eastwood movie tomorrow." "That was uncalled for," he mockingly argued, poking her sides to make her laugh. They gave the movie their undivided attention as she curled further against him with her head on his chest. They'd only made it halfway through when they heard someone at their door. "Bella, it's Dad." Their eyes widened in disbelief at the voice coming from the hall. "What is he doing here?" she hissed, trying to get up from the couch. "Baby, he has a key." They heard the door open and watched as Charlie stepped into the apartment. His gaze settled on them for a moment too long, then slid over to the big screen and his eyebrows shot up. To him, a man didn't watch a romantic comedy with just anyone, not even their best friend. He grunted, saying nothing else, and walked down the hall. Edward and Bella shared a look as they rose from the couch at the same time. Was he in the city and had to stop for a bathroom break or something? "Dad?" Another grunt, instead of turning left to the bathroom, he went right. That was Bella's room. "Why did he stop by to go into my room?" "Oh fuck," Edward groaned as he checked the wall clock, having put it together. "I should probably run." "Why?" Charlie appeared, waving a certain movie around. His face was a shade of red that she rarely ever seen. "You mean this dvd? The one you just noticed was missing that I put under your pillow three days ago, Bells." "Oh my god." She felt her face burst into flames as Edward moved to stand behind her. "You would've found this movie if you were sleeping in your own bed." Bella wanted a hole to appear so she can fall inside and disappear. "I knew something was going on between you two." Suddenly, Edward's hand slid around her waist, his voice firm as he replied to her father. "I love her, sir." She closed her eyes and did her best to calm down her racing heart. She opened her eyes, finding the murderous glare on her father's face not as intimidating. With Edward's support, she knew that eventually her father would see reason. "And I love him, Dad," she whispered, holding a steady hand over her heart. "I'm sorry we didn't tell you sooner. We didn't know how you could take it." Edward was terrified. His instinct was to run like the damn wind, but his heart told him he should stay with Bella. Charlie blustered, even huffed a few ragged breaths before his shoulders relaxed and the color started to ease from his face. "Well, it's about damn time," he muttered, lifting his cell phone to his ear. "Carlisle, you owe me fifty bucks. The kids finally admitted it. Yep, tell Esme she can call them later." Edward and Bella's mouths were on the floor. "You bet on us?!" Bella growled. "You knew?" Edward asked at the same time. Charlie shrugged and sat on the recliner. "Figured it would happen sooner or later, though I thought it would've been years ago." "I can't believe this." Bella sat on the couch, shaking her head. "What gave us away?" "Boy, you asked me for her hand in marriage when you were ten years old." Edward chuckled nervously. "Yeah, I thought you forgot about that." "And I hate to say it, but your lights going out before I'd even gotten into my car? That was fairly obvious, you two. No one goes to bed that soon after a guest leaves. Not to mention, wearing your boyfriend's clothes is also pretty telling, Bells," Charlie added, pointing to Bella's attire, and indeed, she was wearing her favorite t-shirt of Edward's and a pair of his shorts rolled up at the waist to keep them from sliding down. There was no way she could even try to pass either of them off as hers. With a triumphant grin, he sat back and tossed the movie to Edward. "Now that I'm here, let's watch it. I've been waiting for days to. Sue knows I'll probably be late tonight, but no funny business over there. I might be okay with this development, but that's still my little girl, son." Unable to help herself, she launched herself to her father and kissed his scruffy cheek. "Thanks, Daddy." Edward watched his Bella and her father share a sweet moment, the old man blushing under her attention. He hoped one day, his daughter would look at him with the same adoration. "I'm gonna go make some popcorn. Be right back, don't start without me," Bella told both men, hurrying off to the kitchen. As soon as she disappeared from the doorway, Edward would need to make something clear to Charlie. "How about we go out for coffee later, sir?" Charlie's eyes turned to him, a knowing look within them. "That's a very good idea."