me, a worried look on her face. "Ugh, don't remind me." I look at her and she continues. "Please tell me you're not going to get back with him?" She pleads. "Oh lord, hell no. He actually had the nerve to ask about the house." I shake my head, remembering. Angie's eyes widen and she shakes her head. "Unbelievable." "I'm telling you Ang, I'm done. That was the last relationship I'm going to let myself get into. I'm just pissed I let it get that far and didn't end it myself. I knew it wasn't working." "You can't let one asshole and a bad experience guide your relationship future." I shrug. "None of my past relationships worked either. I guess it's me." She scoffs. "Don't be ridiculous. You're a catch." I shrug again. "Not one of those guys excited me, Ang. They were dull, and I didn't do anything about it. Every relationship suffered due to my inability to tell them what I wanted, sexually as well. They just weren't worth the effort. Jake was the first one I really tried to have something real with and look how that turned out. I'm better off alone." I stop wiping and lean on the counter, chin in hand. "Alone with my vibrator." I look around, checking out some of the hotter patrons in the establishment tonight. It's unreal how many good-looking men we get in here. "I should try a purely sexual relationship. Just cut out all of the other stuff like feelings and day-to-day bullshit. Even that might not do it for me. No one excites me." "Not even a suit wearing coffee lover?" Angie laughs. I make a face at her suggestion. "Uh, NO. Thank you. I can't imagine him being anything but exactly what I've already tried. Dull." Even if the banter is somewhat stimulating. I check out a tall blond leaning against the pool table, his smile catching my eye. His body isn't bad to look at and I contemplate sending him a drink. My decision is made for me when an equally tall and blond female moves between his legs and plants one on him. My eyes roam and hit on a pair of muscular legs clad in worn jeans. I let my eyes roam down his body. The jeans are the kind of worn that you can't buy from American Eagle. The ass is good, grab worthy. Black, form fitting long sleeved t-shirt under a black leather vest, an unusual emblem I don't recognize on the back. A black bandanna covers his head with a peek of brownish hair coming out underneath. The guy is dangerously sexy from the back for sure. I'm waiting for him to turn around when Angie alerts me that she needs my help as the crowd has surged again. Forgetting my manhunt for the moment, I go back to making grown men grovel. After another Hanky Panky, some doling out of bar shots and perhaps one or two flirtations later, I tell Angie I'm stepping outside for some air. We have about an hour left before closing. The fundraiser in the back room is winding down and we have a few leftovers hanging at the bar along with our usuals. Angie assures me she's got it covered. After slipping on Emmett's hoodie, I open the heavy black door in the back and step out into the well-lit lot where the patrons with motorcycles normally park. Emmett doesn't like us to come out here alone, the customers sometimes think we're fair game if we're not behind the bar insulting them. He's installed so many lights out here it rivals a construction zone doing roadwork at night and it's hurting my eyes. I amble down the building and slink around the darker corner that faces the bank. I rest my head back against the cool brick and close my eyes. It's surprisingly quiet out here; Emmett has soundproofed the bar as much as possible to prevent complaints from the nearby businesses. I'm lost in the silence until I hear what sounds like moaning. Moaning and car creaking, to be exact. I snap my head up; thankful I'm in the shadows, and spot a red car in the lot across from where I'm standing. I feel my breath hitch and a tightening in my stomach as I watch two people having sex. Really hot, really fast sex from what I can see. I know I should go back inside and give them some privacy. I don't. Instead, I sneak over to stand behind the bank sign and peek around it. I'm closer to the rocking car than I think is safe, but I find myself excited at the dangerous proximity. The noises they are making are animalistic and I involuntarily squeeze my leather clad thighs together as I watch the woman ride the dude in the back seat, hard. Her tits are bouncing in his face and he's trying to get a mouthful, but her movement is too jarring. He finally reaches up with one hand to grasp a breast and I watch hungrily as his tongue juts out and licks her nipple. I feel it in my own breast and before I know it, I've got my hand under my shirt and I pinch my hardening nipple. It feels so good, too good. When I hear the woman increase her moans, my hand starts making it's way down my torso, fingertips playing at my waistband. I'm so ridiculously turned on watching these two go at it that I can't hear anything but the creaking and the moaning. Until I hear a voice too close to my ear. "Half Pint likes to watch, hmm? What a naughty, naughty teacher." Follow me on twitter: planetbluefic Follow me on facebook: Planetblue Fic From the planetblue Archive of Awesome Fic List: The Art Teacher by spanglemaker9 He gave me art and words and passion and life, but all I wanted was him. Reviews make me happy!