song came on and I started getting more excited, until I noticed a few of the girls in front of us getting up on their companions' shoulders, making it impossible for me to see anything. Not that I really needed to, but I would have liked to see one of my favorite songs by my favorite band being played. I felt Edward lose contact with me and my hand shot out to grab his arm before he could move too far away. "What are you doing?" "You can be a little inconsiderate for once in your life, Bella. It's for Poison…sorta," he replied, lowering onto one knee and gesturing for me to get onto his shoulders. "Edward, no way, I will fall!" Taking my hand and pulling me closer, he shook his head. "I won't let you fall. I promised, remember?" I contemplated for a split second and then swung my legs over his shoulders, squealing a little when he started to stand, but his hands secured on my thighs to hold me in place. He had no trouble carrying me; I shouldn't have been surprised. His strength was evident since day one, remaining very healthy and running daily. I held on to his hands on the top of my thighs, screaming along with some of the others around us. When I felt more confident in my ability to remain balanced, I raised my hands in the air, singing along with my fiancé. And yet again, there was no sense of panic at the thought of getting married. There was no removing the smile on my face, and from Edward's chuckle, looking up at me, he loved it. "Oh my god, that was fucking fantastic!" I exclaimed as Edward lowered to the ground so I could climb off his shoulders. However, before I could step away, he hooked his arms around my knees and hoisted me onto his back. "Oh good. I was dreading walking across this lawn again, and in the dark this time. Thank you for reading my mind, baby." "Well, I'm not liking the look of some of these men walking out of here. I don't think that was just soda they were drinking," Edward grumbled, and then suddenly asked me to hold on tight to him. I was confused for a moment until he walked to the side of the stage where there was a donation jar for the concert. He pulled out his wallet and discreetly slipped a hundred dollar bill into the jar, tapping the top with his hand and adding a "thank you very much". "I'm sure they will be reeling from that kind of donation. I'm guessing you had a good time, then?" I asked and kissed his cheek. "Amazing time. Only way it could have been better is if I'd had a ring to give you." And there it was, the look of regret—just thankfully not the one I'd been expecting earlier. "Even the most elaborate ring couldn't have made that moment any better. It's just a piece of jewelry, Edward," I replied, resting my head against his and closing my eyes. All the excitement of the evening was catching up with me. "So are you saying you don't want a ring?" Edward asked jokingly and I lightly bit at his neck. "I'm glad you had a good time tonight, though, Bella." I hummed contentedly and rested my head on his shoulder again. "So now that I know about your headbanging days, what's your stance on boybands?" "I draw the line at boybands, Bella," Edward said with a firm shake of his head, but was unable to hide his laugh. "That's too bad. Guess it's a good thing One Direction is on hiatus, then, huh?" I teased and turned my lips to his ear and whispered, "Bye bye bye." "That's 'NSync, babe, not One Direction," Edward corrected me, hoisting me a little higher on his back. "You 'draw the line at boybands', but you know that little tidbit?" "Only because my niece dragged me to a concert because my sister was working that night, and I was scarred for life," he replied with a feigned shudder. "If there's ever a reunion tour for 'Nsync or New Kids…" "NKOTB, been there, done that," I sang, pressing my chest extra tight against his back. He groaned. "Rosalie dragged me onto one of those cruises to celebrate my divorce." "That was nice of your sister." Edward set me down by the park's exit, trying to hail a cab. "But I still draw the line with boybands." I tried my best to look disappointed, knowing he wouldn't be able to resist. I started to sing another 'NSync song, making him roll his eyes. "The things I do for love," he whispered, taking me in his arms. "Maybe Justin or JC, but that's it, babe." "That's all I ask," I teased as a free cab pulled up and we climbed in, and then I snuggled up to his side. "I can't wait to get home." His eyebrow rose, his gaze running down the length of my leather-clad legs. Then suddenly his eyes widened, until his smirk turned into a warm smile. "That's the first time you called my house 'home'." I thought back to the last few weeks since I had agreed to move in and realized he was right. "Our home. I like the sound of that." "I do, too. So, tomorrow we need to set some ground rules for our home." "Oh yeah, what rules?" There was a curious glint in his eyes, almost mischievous. "Rules are meant to be broken, you know." He laughed and tucked me closer to his side. "I wouldn't be opposed to Naked Headbanging Saturdays." Our laughter was unfiltered and perfect, and by the time we reached our house, I knew I'd finish with the move before the end of the weekend, a few weeks ahead of schedule. Why wait? After all, Rocking-Out Sundays could be just as fun.