tough when watching their wives give birth, while others completely lose their composure by either passing out, throwing up or bursting into tears. Even Emmett has admitted that when his first was born, he was sobbing harder than Rosalie when they heard their son take his first breath. When Lizbeth Hayley Cullen is at last born at 6:38 p.m. and announces her arrival with a loud, wailing cry, I am somewhere in the middle. I held myself together for Bella this whole time, but as I gaze down at the tiny baby girl lying on her stomach, I know I don't have to pretend for anyone. Tears relentlessly fall from my eyes and I kiss my wife firmly on the lips, thanking her for the most beautiful child I have ever seen in my life, but still manage to steady myself enough to cut the cord. We have a daughter , I think to myself as I sit beside Bella's bed, with Lizbeth in my arms and running my finger over her cheeks, her hair, and the tiny little fingers poking out from beneath the blanket wrapped around her. And I never thought it was possible to love someone this much, so quickly . I had doubted my mother and even Bella's father when they tried to prepare me for this moment, but they were absolutely right. I was completely and utterly lost in love for my child. "She's got my eyes and ears," I whisper to Bella as my gaze continues to roam our daughter's features. "But your nose, thank God. Can you imagine this huge honker on this delicate little face?" "Shut up," Bella answers with a tired laugh, shaking her head but never taking her gaze off us. "Your nose would have been just as perfect. She's got your long fingers, too." I slide my fingertip beneath her little hand and nod; she does, right down to the shape of my nails. Yet when my eyes move back to her face, I let out a sigh. "Oh no. She's got your mouth." I hear Bella clear her throat and I look up to her, finding her eyebrow quirked. "You say that like it's a bad thing. I've never heard you complain about my mouth before, for any reason." "On you, I don't. It's perfect and I love it very much. But on our daughter, it's too perfect. I'm going to have to make sure I keep my gun clean and well oiled." Bella rolled her eyes and laughs, shaking her head tiredly. "She's not even three hours old yet, and you're already worried about her teenage years?" "Thirties," I say firmly and my wife palms her face. I lift our daughter and kiss her forehead before setting her in the tiny bed, and then settle beside Bella and wrap my arms around her. "I'm a daddy. Do you really expect any different?" Her head settles on my shoulder with a sigh, followed by a small laugh. "Not at all, actually." I rest my cheek on her hair, content to just sit there and hold her. "Is it Christmas, yet?" "No, why?" she mumbles, nuzzling her cheek against my chest. "Because I'm really looking forward to putting this on our tree this year," I answer extract an object from my pocket. I feel her head turn to look and the swell of her cheeks as she smiled when her eyes caught sight of it. Dangling from the gold string between my fingers was a crystal angel, with a ribbon held in her hands that read "Lizbeth's First Christmas". A tear escapes the corner of Bella's eye and ends in a pool on my shirt. "I had a Charlie one made, too, just in case, but I had a really good feeling about this one being a girl. So I had the year actually printed on this one." "People really underestimate a father's intuition. It's beautiful, Edward," she murmurs through heavy emotion and tilts her head back to look up at me, lifting her lips to brush mine. "Just set the Charlie one aside. Maybe next year." I can't help but fist pump at the idea of adding more to our family. We talked about how many children we'd have—three to four kids, all close together. "It'd likely have to be through immaculate conception, though, since I'm not touching you ever again. Remember?" "Can you blame me?" Bella hisses and pinches my side. I yelp, but chuckle as her fingers soothe the area. "I shouldn't complain, since I've heard the horror stories. I was lucky at only four hours in labor." A plaintive whimper comes from Lizbeth's bed as she stirs. There's a distinctive scent in the air coming from her direction and my sweet wife says I need to learn. I start to undo the complicated blanket cocoon my daughter's in, when the smell intensifies. The nurse did warn us. "Whoa, baby girl, what did you eat?" I playfully ask as I grab a few things. Bella smacks my ass lightly, watching me as I go through the routine of changing a diaper. I make a lot of faces, a little gagging, and a few grunts before I'm done. "Tada!" I lift Lizbeth into my arms, noticing her aimlessly nuzzling on my chest. "That's the wrong set of nipples, Lizzy." "Hey," Bella said, rolling her eyes and trying not to smile or laugh. "Give me her blanket, please." I turn to grab it and she shows me again how to swaddle our daughter so she'd stay nice and warm, and not move a muscle. I still don't have the hang of it. As Lizbeth settles in to feed, I can't help but watch my wife gaze at our baby girl. I kiss my wife's forehead and do the same to the top of our daughter's head. They are everything to me. "It feels like Christmas already." Bella smiles and nods, tears in her eyes. "The best one ever."