just finished setting the table when he had arrived home, briefcase in hand. He did a double take when he saw me, his eyes immediately registering my distressed jeans and mussed appearance. His upper lip seemed to curl in distaste. Mrs. Hale greeted him cheerily from the dining room, introducing me as Rosalie's friend. He grunted in response. Mrs. Hale's smile dropped slightly at her husband's attitude, while Rosalie had her head cocked slightly as if curious. Dinner was mildly awkward after that. Mr. Hale, sat silently at the head of the table, occasionally casting disgruntled looks at Rosalie, while a polite conversation was being kept between Rosalie and her mother. Mrs. Hale turned to me during a lull in conversation. "So, Bella, how do you know Rosalie?" I swallowed the roast potato that was in my mouth. "All our classes are the same other than English. We were paired together for our physics assignment." Mrs. Hale looked impressed. A smirk tilted the corner of Rosalie's mouth. "Nearly all of Rosalie's classes are AP." The blonde next to me hummed in agreement. "Yeah, Bella seems to excel in science. She's very smart." Rosalie murmured, shifting slightly. I froze as I felt slim digits brush against my knee. I could feel a flustered blush immediately bloom against the skin of my chest and cheeks. I choked slightly on the water that I had taken a sip of. Mrs. Hale cast me a concerned look. Thankfully, I recovered quickly- for the first time of my life. The pressure against my skin increased as a palm slid against my thigh. I gaped at Rosalie as she seemed immersed in a conversation with her mother about how her AP classes were going this semester. For a few moments I was unable to move, my brain function paralysed. A generous squeeze to my thigh bought everything back into sharp focus as my hand gripped Rosalie's under the table. Her smirk only grew. A grunt from her father made her hand withdraw immediately. We looked at Mr. Hale who had placed his napkin on the table and had leaned forward to look at Rosalie. "I talked to Mr. King today." He said, and Rosalie immediately stiffened. "That's… interesting." She replied tersely. His eyes narrowed. Mrs. Hale and I looked at each other awkwardly at the exchange. Mr. King. I wondered why the name sounded so familiar before I realized that Royce's last name was King. His father was a prominent banker that spent a lot of time outside Washington due to business. Considering Mr. Hale was a banker himself, they must've worked together. I had heard that the Kings and Hales were richer than anyone in this small town. However, I had rarely seen Mrs. King in public, and many said that she must feel lonely with only her son to keep her company. It didn't help that Mr. King had a reputation for being impartial to alcohol and women when he left town. "I didn't know you'd… broken up … with Royce." He said. Rosalie didn't answer, offering a noncommittal shrug. Her father picked up his fork and knife, returning to his food as he continued conversationally. "I've always admired Royce. He's an avid sportsman from a good family. You'd do well to get along with the likes of him." His words and implication set my heart beating double time for some odd reason. Blood rushed immediately to my head and I could hear it whooshing past my eardrums. Rosalie's eyebrows knitted together and she shook her head. "I think I'll be fine with us being acquaintances." She said, and he sighed heavily. My heart breathed a sigh of relief at her words. "I must say that there are bright things in his future. Mr. King tells me he is doing very well in his classes and is a very talented and impressive footballer. I do believe it would be a good thing to be involved in his future." He pressed. This time, Rosalie's eyes narrowed in an all-to-familiar way that indicated she was about to say something very mean very quickly. The gleam in Mr. Hale's eyes dared her to say something to the contrary as she struggled to control herself. Courage welled within me at the look on her face and I coughed delicately to get Mr. Hales attention. "E-excuse me, Mr. Hale." I said. "I m-mean no disrespect to Mr. King but I know Royce quiet well…" I cringed slightly "and I can c-confidently tell you that he is barely passing his classes and is at serious risk of failing two of them this year. And our football team barely wins any games... barely two this season. Coach clap says it's because Royce can barely catch a ball and that he and the wide receiver never do their training outside of school… he's been wanting to kick them off the team and is just waiting for one of them to fail a class so that they're ineligible for sport." I said shyly, finally looking up from where I was staring on their table to look around me. Mrs. Hale looked pleased while Mr. Hale looked like he was about to have a stroke, his face turning a shade of burgundy. Gently, a hand rested once again on my thigh, and I turned to see Rosalie with a soft look on her face that was filled with an unexpected amount of adoration. My heart soared and butterflies erupted in my stomach. I was so filled with emotion that I ached slightly so I timidly stared back at the table. "A-and I really think it's Rosalie's choice who she decides to date. J-just...yeah." I trailed off, shrugging slightly. My notification alert rung as I pulled up to my driveway. When I opened my phone there was a lone text from Rosalie. Thankyou for what you said tonight. I nearly had an existential crisis while I debated how to reply to her text. No problem.