that had messaged her so far had not been massively helpful. One had asked her if she was insane for even taking the course, let alone wanting knowledge in civil war. Bella had wondered just why this person had even bothered to message her if they didn't like the history. The guy had actually gone out of his way, gone into the history section and messaged her. Bell knew that not everyone shared her love of history, and there had been times when she wasn't sure just why she was bothering to do this course in the first place, but to go out of your way, just seemed silly to her. Maybe he was bored, who knows. Another one wanted to know if she would fly over there for his knowledge. He had gone into wonderful detail of just what he wanted her to do in exchange for it. It had creeped her out a little bit and she'd almost deleted the bio there and then, but somehow, someway, something told her to hold fire just a little longer. Her fear of this being a dating website was coming true. Like everything on the internet now, everyone used everything as a way to date someone. Wasn't that what dating websites were for? Bella had never been on a dating website but had thought they were pretty self-explanatory. You know, dating website, a place for singles, the clue being in the name. Yet, here she was, finding this site, just turning out to be a free dating site. No wonder the tv was filling up with dating adverts, they were clearly struggling. And another helped her understand as little more of it all. Unfortunately, his information ended at school level and Bella needed a little more than that. What he had told her, was only what she found out herself, with maybe a little bit extra, but not massive and certainly not enough to write her dissertation on. While she could and would do this, she really wanted a mentor to help her give both sides a strong point in her dissertation. It would be massively helpful to speak with someone who was in the civil war, but considering it had happened way over hundred years ago, she was shit out of luck there. Her best hope was finding someone who was a civil war expert, but she doubted she would find one on this site. Maybe she should go back to google again. But that was where the trouble started. There was so much conflicting information that she really didn't know what was right from wrong. And the more she read, the more it confused her. She had gone to the library in hopes of finding something there, and while it held vast books of American history, nothing had what she was looking for. Bella needed it to be perfect, to hold all she needed to know, but she couldn't find it. When she inquired about more civil war books, she had been informed that the books they had last year, had not been returned. Thus leaving their civil war section a little bare. Everyone who was on her course was searching for the best ones, and no one was handing them back. Right now, Bella regretted the decision to do her dissertation on civil war. It was a minefield of conflictions. Deciding that she was going to remove her plea for help, she powered up her laptop. She couldn't help but feel disappointed in the thought of removing it, but she couldn't stand to leave it there any longer. It was eating into her time, she checked daily, just to see if the site had missed sending her an email, and by some luck, her prayers would be answered, but that hadn't been the case. Bella resigned to the fact that she would just have to trail through her books and look up online. She had to hope and pray that she didn't end up with a confused paper to hand in, that would result in her failing her course. Logging into the stupid site for the last time, she saw the little mark next to her messages. Seeing it caused a slight tremor of victory to run through her. She had been right, the site hadn't sent her an email notifying her of the message. Not that it mattered massively now anyway. Clicking on it, she decided that she may as well read it before she removed herself from the site. From: Long Time dead. Hi, what sort of help you looking for? Not a massive north fan, but I know my south stuff well. Lemme know if I can help this poor Brit gal out. :-) A faint glimmer of hope took root in her as she stared at the little message. It had been sent during the night, so this person was clearly from states. Judging by the fact that they had said they weren't a north fan, meant they were from the south. Maybe they had a relative who was in the civil war? Bella thought to herself as hope began to grow at a rapid rate inside her. She knew she shouldn't feel this hope, should not let it take hold, after all, this person hadn't given her any information yet, and might not know anything. Though, they had certainly said, or in this case, written, all the right words to make her think that not all hope was lost. She needed to slow down though and think. Did she really want to message this person back, only to be faced with disappointment? Then again, what if she didn't message them back and this person turned out to be a shit hot civil war buff, she would kick herself for not trying. Coming to the forth drawn conclusion, Bella smiled, maybe she wouldn't delete it just yet. AN: So, that's chapter one. What you do guys think? I would love to hear your thoughts.