looks like a person, standing over the drained body, his reddish-brown hair blowing in the breeze. He stands up and walks toward you and says, "You shouldn't stray from the trails. There are lots of dangerous things in the forest." Your mouth drops open. No. Way. He laughs at your expression. "Sorry about that", he says, nodding toward the body on the ground. "You look lost. Let me help you out." With this, he extends a hand. You grab his outstretched hand and he throws you onto his back. Then he takes off into the woods. The ride doesn't last long, but you enjoy every moment of it. In the short time that has passed, you have traveled all the way back to Seattle. He sets you down safely and starts to leave, but you stop him. "Hey", you start, "um.. can I get a picture with you?", you ask. He considers it for a second, then agrees. He comes back and lets you take a selfie with him. The picture you get is perfect! You thank him and look down at the picture. When you look up again, he is gone. Woohoo! You may be stuck in Seattle, but you're stuck in Seattle with a picture of Edward! THE END 45 At first, you feel dazed and confused, but then the burning begins. The pain starts small, like a cigarette burn, but rapidly expands to consume your entire body. It is as if your body has been submerged into boiling oil. You no longer have any idea where you are or why you are here, because all you can feel is the most intense, almost unbearable pain that has consumed your body. Your senses no longer matter. All that exists here is blackness and the most excruciating pain. You continue to hope that it will become more tolerable eventually, but the pain never lets up. You contort your body, hoping to find some position that eases the pain to no avail. You scream, but it does absolutely no good. It seems there is nothing you can do to sop it. There is no feeling of time, only constant, unbearable fiery pain. You never get used to the flames, but eventually, it calms down in the tips of your fingers. As you count your own breaths, you realize that the pain is finally, after what feels like an eternity of incredible pain, easing out of you. First in your fingers, then in your hands, then in your arms. You keep track of the wall of fire that is receding from your body until it reaches the point where it started. There is a last intense jolt, then the pain is gone. Go to #38 46 As if this were not enough, as you stand there trying to remember where you have seen this scene before, a giant beast, larger than a bear, enters the clearing. If the fear of this giant creature had not paralyzed you and stopped you previous thought process, you would be wondering why this all looks so familiar. Instead, your thoughts are focused on the beast. It is similar to a dog, but is way too big. Slowly, as if not to scare you away, it turns its head and looks at you For a menacing few seconds, you stare each other down. Go to #48 48 He takes a step closer to you and you take a hesitant step back. All you can focus on are those sharp bared teeth coming closer to you. Before you can complete this train of though, the beast lets out a stifled laugh, or what might be a laugh if giant wolves could laugh. You look closer and it almost looks like... is that thing... smiling? You lean in to get a closer look, but as you do, the beast reaches down and locks its teeth around your shirt and tosses you up onto its back. You try to get off, but the thing just picks you right back up and places you on its back again. It takes a second for you to comprehend that it wants to take you somewhere. You lean down and grab a fistful of fur. You see its head turn around in that expression that looks so much like a smile. You only catch a glimpse of it, because once it sees that you are holding on tight, it leaps into the forest and begins to run faster than you though was possible for any living creature. The blur of the trees rushing past makes you dizzy, but you manage to keep your grip. Go to #21 49 A fight with these people is hardly what you planned for. As the remainder of your group gets obliterated, the odds become less and less in your favor. Eventually, you are the only one left and the others surround you, stances ready for an attack. You just saw what they did an do not want to become a part of it. "Sorry", you say, and raise your hands into the air in submission. They look at you with confused expressions, so you continue, "I give up. Please don't hurt me", you repeat. They keep their defensive postures, but one of them approaches you. "Hello. My name is Carlisle Cullen and this is my family." He introduces you to each of them. Your original purpose for coming to Seattle floods back to you and it helps you control yourself. These are the Cullens, but Edward seems to be missing. Where is he? The vampire named Carlisle turns to you and says softly, "Listen carefully. A human is about to enter this clearing. You will feel the urge to attack, but you must rise above it. If you attempt to attack her, we will be forced to stop you. Do you understand?" You nod, answering his question. Then he points toward the other side of the clearing and mutters, "Brace yourself, here they come." Go to #29