victims haunted me. Finally feeling the acceptance of what I was and what I had done, coupled with the understanding, was lifting. Something that only my mate had ever managed to do. The dark feelings and thoughts weren't filling my mind. Instead, peace and contentment flowed through me. "Well, thank you," I said softly, pulling back the calm I was flooding in the room. "Bella, I'm leaving town and as far as I knew, they were staying." Her bottom lip trembled at me as her eyes welled with tears. A sob rattled in her chest as she threw her head back and cried out, breaking in front of me. Her pain stabbed me in the chest again, and I wished that I hadn't been the cause of such pain for her. Without thinking, I moved, picking her up and pulling her into my lap. Her arms wrapped around me as she sobbed into my chest. Bella's scent drifted up my nose and caused the all too familiar burn in my throat. My beast didn't rejoice in having her pulsing vein so close to my teeth. Instead, It felt saddened, I felt saddened by the heartbroken girl in my arms. "I'm so sorry, Bella, so sorry," I whispered out, burying my face in her hair and breathing her in. Again, the burn flared up in my throat and my teeth ached at the thought of sinking into her flesh and feeling her blood run down my throat. Breathing deeper, I pushed myself, knowing I was well fed. I wanted to know just how far, or how much I had to breathe in her scent before I thought I was going to snap. Slowly, her sobs subsided, and she began to relax. Her fingers began to play with the ends of hair at the nape of my neck. "It's so soft," she whispered into my chest, her head turning so her cheek rested against my chest. "Are you uncomfortable like this?" I could hear the reluctance in her voice at the thought of moving. "No," I answered into her hair. "I'm well fed and satisfied." "No tofu," she said with a slight smile in her voice. "Meat is so much more for filling than tofu." She fell quiet again, her fingers slowly playing with my hair as I did with hers. Having my hair played with was something I missed. Alice never did it, and I began to wonder why. Was it because her hair was too short to be played with, that the thought never occurred to her? This was soothing, relaxing and strangely intimate. My mind couldn't help but think of my mate right now, and how I missed this simple act. Soon enough, Edward crossed my mind. He had left and left Bella behind. How could he just leave his mate behind like that? From what I understood and the emotions I had felt from myself, my own mate and mated couples, they would follow each other to the ends of the earth. Yet, he had gone, and by the way Bella was feeling, he hadn't left it open for his return. Was he fighting his bond? Could you even fight that kind of bond? Then again, I knew they had never completed their mateship, and bound themselves to each other, so maybe he could have. But still, it didn't add up. The only thing that added up was, she wasn't his mate to begin with. More than once I had wondered if her silent mind and singing blood weren't there, would there have been an attraction to her? Had Edward just got caught up in everything else that he just assumed she was his mate and when it came to it, he realised she wasn't? Whichever way, Edward was in a whole load of shit for this. Not to mention the whole Cullen coven. Law had been broken, they all knew it when Bella found out about them. But as long as she was kept with the coven and turned, then there would be no punishment. Yet, Edward, and by the sounds of it, the whole family had done one, leaving a very knowing Bella behind. "Jasper?" Bella whispered my name so softly it was almost as though she was scared that it might shatter the peace that was flowing so naturally. "What are you thinking about?" "You," I answered, causing her to sit up in my lap and look at me. "Edward and the Cullen's have broken the law, something that is answerable by death. I'm working out the best thing I can do here." "Turn me?" she was hopeful as she spoke. "I mean I understand if you don't really want a newborn around you." Her eyes cast down, looking at her hands. "It's not that," I answered as Bella cast her eyes up to mine. "I can't do that here. I'm thinking of Italy." I heard Bella's heart rate pick up as fear began to consume her. "Italy? As in Volterra? The Volturi?" "The very same." "They'll kill me, Jasper, Edward once said that…." Putting a finger against her lips, I stopped her. "Don't believe everything he's ever told you. We owe a lot to them, and their law is simple. Permanent silence or be turned. You won't be killed unless you don't want to be turned, Bella. Besides, it's been a while since I was last there." Bella looked at me in shock. "You've been there?" she whispered, her eyes wide as she moved off my lap. "I have." "Wow," she muttered chewing her bottom lip. "I thought Aro liked to collect gifted vampires." "He does," I answered with a shrug, knowing what would come next if I let her. "My mate is back in Volterra." "I don't understand." "You will," I smirked. No reason to tell her my past right now. I don't honestly think the girl could take it if I did. "So?" I asked, raising a brow in challenge. "You game?"