prude. And in high school, kissing Jacob had felt like kissing a fish—he was all wet mouth. I just didn't have good luck with dating. More, I just wasn't interested. Most of my passion was spent on the canvas, I guess. I worked in the accounting department of a furniture manufacturer, but my dream was to have a gallery showing one day. Sometimes it really got me down that it hadn't happened yet. In college, everyone told me I was so talented, brilliant even. I'd even sold a couple of paintings, and had a couple of great reviews. But none of it came close to paying my rent. A sweeping success, I wasn't, and it sucked. It made painting difficult; sometimes every stroke of the brush felt like a lie to me. I was supposed to create because I couldn't not. As a result, I hadn't painted just for myself in a long time—it was always with the idea that someone would pay for the end product. To a real artist, money is never supposed to be a factor. As the years passed, it was becoming more difficult to share a piece of my soul on canvas, and it felt like I was losing what little I had in the process. Maybe I was only destined for the occasional sale down on the Ocean Front Walk at Santa Monica Beach. Most people just looked, but they were always complimentary. Eventually, maybe it would be enough for me. But the pit in my stomach was getting wider. As we leave The Blue Rose, I swear that for a second, their neon blue logo flashes violet. A week later, Alice still hasn't been able to get Good Myth signed with Eclipse. She hasn't been able to find them. It's like they've just disappeared. And it's a toss-up about who's more disappointed about that: me or her. . . . I'm out on the balcony at seven a.m. staring at the canal when I see it—a flash of copper moving down the walkway maybe a hundred or so feet away. It's Wednesday, Alice is away on another scouting trip, and like usual, I'm feeling restless and unable to paint. And there is a copper-haired someone jogging my way. A tall male. I nearly fall off the edge of the wooden balcony, I'm leaning so far over. My eyes track his progress as he runs. His steps are steady, eating the space easily, arms loose at his sides. He makes the black wife beater and black track shorts he wears look scandalous against his white skin and copper hair. As he draws closer, I realize I'm panting. My god, I think I'm losing my mind. I don't even know if it's him . It's probably not. But no matter how much I blink the closer he comes, the more I become absolutely certain that it is him. The lead performer of Good Myth is running along one of the Venice canal walkways where I live. It's impossible. I mean, this can't be happening, can it? But it is. Because it's him. His eyes, which are green, are like lasers. As they raise to meet mine, they steal what little breath I have, and I flinch back from the railing with a gasp. I stumble backwards and fall onto one of the Adirondack chairs with a huff. My face is hot against my hands. He's probably used to being stared at like I just did to him, but for me to do it during his alone time while he's jogging first thing in the morning? Not that there's anything wrong with looking, but he caught me and I feel like I've been rude. When enough time has gone by that I think he has passed below, I jump up and look over the balcony again … and nearly swallow my tongue. He's standing there, a god dressed all in black again. He's right below my balcony with his hands on his hips. And he's got a killer smile aimed up at me. "Good morning, Bella," he says. At first, I only hear the tone of his voice. It's as silky smooth and distinctive as I remembered, and sends a thrill through my body. But then the fact that he called me by my name hits me, and I gape down at him. His eyes twinkle, actually twinkle as if he's holding in the best secret. He was breathtaking on stage, but now, only ten feet below me, he's lethal. I've never seen such a good looking man, never thought someone's outward appearance could have such a powerful effect on my behavior. It's ridiculous. It's embarrassing. But that smile. Those eyes. His magnetism radiates off his skin and stings my own. "How do you know my name?" I finally eek out. "I'm your new neighbor," he says and tilts his head at the place on my right. It's the last thing I expect him to say, and it's almost impossible to come up with a response. "Do you … do you know all of our names, then?" Because there's no reason why he should know mine, none at all. "No," he says simply. "Just yours." Just mine? "What? How?" I sputter as my heart starts banging in my chest. "Why?" "I thought you were a painter, not a journalist," he laughs. "See you later, Bella." And then he takes off in a sprint, running impossibly fast, and his feet leave behind neon violet sparks. What the? Stunned, I stare open-mouthed after him and wonder if I'm dreaming. . . . This won't be a long story, maybe 12 to 15 chapters. Updates will be once a week or more. Depends on the muse, hah, hah, hah. Any Xanadu fans here? I know the movie's awful, but when I saw it as a kid, I was absolutely enthralled and asked Mom to buy me a pair of white roller skates. I wore them with purple leg warmers.