away as well, leaving cracking asphalt in its place. Basically, our place of shelter had the appearance of every other building in town. Hollow and abandoned. Except it wasn't. Hopping out of the truck, I grabbed the bow from the back, but left the pistol there. Someone else can get it. I can barely look at it. I released a weary sigh as I made my way up the stairs to the front doors. Silence greeted me along with the choking scent of dust. Familiar enough with the halls, walking through the dark halls was as easy as walking through it during the day. Casually, I made my way to the gymnasium where everyone was mostly gathered. Being separated into different rooms didn't appealed to anyone so we chose the gym to be our gathering room. As quiet as I could, I pushed open one of the gym doors and peeked inside. Once again, silence greeted me. Everyone seemed to be asleep. Either tucked in sleeping bags or wrapped in thin blankets, they slept the night away as a couple of chosen others did the nightly patrol. "Welcome back, Bella." My body immediately tensing up at the familiar deep voice, I spun around on my heels, only to gaze up at the powerful, wine-red eyes of the leader of our group. Dressed in dark blue jeans and a black t-shirt that showed off his physique, his auburn brown hair hung in wavy strands down to his shoulders in a distractingly handsome way. "Jason," I said in a soft voice as I closed the door from behind me. He smiled with a sly twinkle in his gaze, glancing from the door to me. "I'm guessing Michael has already gone back to his sleeping bag?" He asked with a playful tilt of his head. Though his tone was light, his words made my heart grow dark. Looking down at the floor, I swallowed and shook my head slowly. "No多e hasn't," I whispered in a tone that wiped the smile off Jason's face. Clearing my throat, I continued, "Actually, there's something I have to tell you地bout Mike." Jason crossed his tanned arms with a calm expression and asked, "Should I wake the others for this news?"My mind instantly flinched at the thought of telling everyone else. The gasps, the cries of horror, the anger. I shook my head quickly. "No, I think it would be best if I told you first." Jason narrowed his eyes, but didn't question why. He simply waved his hand for me to continue. So, taking a deep breath, I went straight to the chase and said, "Mike is dead." To my shock, no anger or surprise morphed Jason's expression. Composed as he always seemed to be when in these type of situations, he took a step forward to lean against one of the gym doors. "Gray attack?" He questioned with a raise of an auburn eyebrow. About to reply with a "no," I stopped for a second and thought about it. If I told Jason that Mike was killed by me, accident or not, then I would most likely lose the trust of not just him, but everyone else as well. That, and I might have to reveal the truth about Mike's suicidal thoughts and then he would probably be seen as nothing more than a coward who deserved to die anyway. In the end, it would not do any good in telling the truth about what really happened back in the woods. What happens in the dark存tays in the dark. Thinking about it, I decided to veil these dark secrets with lies of light. "Yes, he was killed by Grays安hile trying to protect me," I choked out with a barely concealed sob. Jason eyes widened in surprise then, but he said nothing as I continued telling him lies of how Mike bravely distracted the three Grays by shouting and shooting at them with the emergency pistol as he gave me time to escape. By the end of my tale, I was crying and shaking with the heavy emotions crushing down on me. Caringly, Jason enfolded me in his arms and let me cry away the feelings on his chest. He rubbed my back with the gentleness of a loving big brother, which managed to make me feel both better and worse. After a few moments, the tears dried up and the sobs died out. I pulled away from his arms. "Feeling better?" He asked with a sympathetic smile. "Yeah," I answered, wiping my tear-stained face with the bottom of my hand. Nodding to himself, Jason suggested in a considerate manner, "How about we tell the others the bad news in the morning? Prepare for the reactions and everything." I nodded, and hugged him thankfully, which he returned. "Get some sleep, Bella. Something tells me you need it," He whispered in my ear before letting me go. Deciding not to reply, I opened the gym doors from behind me and walked in the spacious room. Jason watched me go, his eyes carefully blank as he held the door. With a shiver, I went to the sleeping bag in my personal corner, took off my shoes, and promptly climbed inside the fabric cocoon. All the while, Jason's gaze, deep and penetrating, watched me with the intensity of a vampire. So, what do you think? Good enough to continue or just too plain confusing? I know it's a lot for the first chapter, but I like to start off my stories with a bang! By the way, this story is going to start off Teen and might move on to Mature, unless it needs to be Mature now... Anyway, leave your thoughts and feelings in a review, please, and if you can, tell me what you think about Jason. I've been working around on creating characters of my own and he's my first one that I've put in a story. Besides that, enjoy the rest of your day or night!