lesson of the day. After discussing the philosophy article the class was supposed to read and Bella didn't because she was so distracted, Ms. Denali went through the list of what was to be expected for the rest of the semester and the rest of the school year. She also made out a list of what the homework would be for the remainder of the year. The bell rang at the end of class and Bella ran from her seat to try to escape the awkward conversation withTanya. Bella was not that lucky as she felt a sudden pull from behind her backpack. Looking over her shoulder and she saw Ms. Denali holding her back. "Bella, did you forget we have to have a discussion?" Tanya smirked and guided her over to a chair next to her desk. "Or were you simply trying to avoid it?" "No.. I.. I was just-" Bella cursed for her constant stuttering. Tanya giggled and touched Bella's hand that now rested on her desk. "You don't need to be nervous Bella. I'm not going to bite, I promise." "Well given your nature I wasn't sure. The last time I was around your kind I seemed to get into a constant mess ." Bella was surprised at the harsh tone that her voice just took. Suddenly the room grew quiet. Tanya's face took a sudden seriousness and the smirk that was once there faded. "Well I do have to say when Rosalie told me about you she didn't mention that you were quite rude." Ms. Denali lifted her assignment and placed it in front of her. "Now onto this. Though I do find your story extremely creative it is still highly inappropriate for school." "I didn't want to hand that in though I didn't exactly want to be rude either. Even though according to you I'm already rude." Bella lifted her back pack off the floor and stood up. "Now if you will excuse me some of us actually need food to survive and I'm late for lunch." Bella stormed out of the classroom and headed towards the cafeteria. She didn't know what it was about Tanya Denali but something about her sure did know how to tick her off. Bella wasn't sure if it was just her hormones acting up. Or if it was just the fact that Tanya reminded her so much of the Cullens she had learned to love. Bella decided to take a walk out into the forest once since she was already aggravated and didn't want to deal with the rest of her school day. She found a nice secluded area with a big enough rock that she could sit on and pulled the lunch out of her backpack. After finishing her sandwich she continue to sip on the can of soda as she laid back and look at the cloudy sky. Suddenly her head jerked up as she heard a tree branch snap nearby. Looking around she saw no no one and thought if she was hearing things. Suddenly she saw something speed by and some a flash of blonde curls. Jumping down off the rock she stood there and waited to see something. She felt her presence behind her and immediately turn around. She gasped as she saw amber eyes that were filled with fury earlier that day. True to herself Bella stumbled backwards and nearly fell on a rock on the floor but didn't as a pair of ice cold arms surrounded her and protected her from her fall. She immediately pushed herself out of Tanya's arms and looked into her eyes. "What are you doing here?" "I should ask you the same question. You shouldn't be out here alone. Don't you know it's dangerous?" Tanya chuckled. "I think I can take care of myself thanks." Bella once again grabbed her back and made to leave. This time however a cold hand grabbed her arm and pulled her back. "What is it with you and storming off today? You have already been rude enough for one day don't you think?" Tanya spoke through clenched teeth. Bella shuffled her feet and looked at Tanya once again. "I'm sorry.. You just remind me of people I would rather forget." "The Cullens? Correct?" Tanya asked now releasing Bella's arm. Bella nodded shyly and threw her bag down to sit back up on the rock. Finally truly looking at Tanya she realized that she was not wearing a coat. The buttons on her blouse still undone and her heels were dug into the snow as in continued to fall lightly around them. At that moment she truly begin to appreciate her beauty. Bella cursed as the swell in her pants became to come back. She placed her hands in front of to try to prevent Tanya from seeing it. Tanya joined Bella on the rocks and put her hand on her thigh. "You don't have to feel ashamed." "Last time someone told me that they left me." "I am not them I'm not going to leave you. I actually quite look forward to getting to know you better. And not just as your teacher." Tanya smiled kindly at Bella. "Just need time to process this. I just started out at school and now I found out that you're here. It's just going to take some time." Bella said as she intertwined her fingers with Tanya's. "I understand and I accept that. Now, would you like to return to school or would you like to go home?" Tanya smirked. "I actually wanted to stay here for a while with you, if that's okay?" Bella said shyly as she continued to look at their hands. Tanya lifted Bella's chin so she could look into her eyes. "Sure but how about a little bit more private? Would you like to come to my house?" Bella smiled as she looked into Tanya's eyes and nodded her head bringing a giant grin to Tanya's face as well.