had known...." Dr. Cullen said, "It's all right." "Did you really turn her?" another voice- a young male's voice, petulant- demanded. "My God, Carlisle." I snapped my eyes open and searched out the two unfamiliar faces. I didn't care that I had seen them in town before- that they were the elusive Cullens. All I saw was possible relief again. And, since Dr. Cullen wouldn't relieve me, I figured I could ask them. My voice was raspy as I croaked, "Please!" trying to keep myself under control- even with the searing pain of Hell running through my body. "Please kill me- Please !" "Oh, dear," the woman whispered, running careful fingers over my cheek. "You'll be okay." "Please," I wheezed. "I just want to die- it hurts so much." The young man, again, said, "My God ...." "Esme," Carlisle said, "could you please clean her up and get rid of the tattered clothes?" "Of course," the woman said, and then she left my side and exited the room. I squeezed my eyes shut and clenched my teeth together. It did me no good to scream, but it was so hard to endure the pain- mind-blowingly difficult to not go insane from the intensity of it. My voice was barely above a whisper when I said, "Please- Why are you doing this to me?" There was no answer, and I swallowed painfully, sobs tightening my throat and chest. Within moments, I was faintly aware of the woman- Esme- working over me, washing my filthy, bloodied body with a cool washcloth I could barely feel, easing me out of my ripped blouse and skirt, tidying up my hair. And while she worked- because I couldn't bear to scream so futilely anymore- I listened to the conversation unfolding around me. "Carlisle, wasn't there another alternative?" the young man asked. "I mean- come on, Rosalie Hale ?" He said my name as if it was synonymous with leprosy , and it managed to annoy me- even through my pain. Quietly, the other man said, "I couldn't just let her die there- it was too horrible, too terrible." There were footsteps, quickly pacing the room. "I couldn't leave her," the deep voice said, still close by me. The woman- who was still working over me- reassured him, saying, "Of course you couldn't." "People die all the time," the young man said, and it made the burning within me that much worse- that I could have died, but this was happening instead. "You could have let her die, Carlisle." "Edward!" Esme scolded. He tried to amend his words by saying, "It's just that- It's Rosalie Hale ! She's nothing if not recognizable. And the Kings will have to put up a huge search for her- not that anyone will suspect the bastard that did it." "Edward?" Esme said, pausing in her work of redressing me through my restraints. "You know who is responsible," Dr. Cullen said, and he posed it as a statement rather than a question. Through what sounded like clenched teeth, Edward said, "Royce. King." Esme gasped. "You're certain?" "Yes," Edward replied, and I managed to find some satisfaction in the fact that he knew who was responsible for my injuries. "It was Royce and his friends." Carlisle solemnly said, "I suspected as much." Esme spoke softly to me, saying, "You poor thing." "Please kill me," I whispered. "Rosalie Hale ," Edward said to himself, as if he couldn't believe it. Carlisle scolded him, simply saying, "Edward." There was a long stretch of silence, and I thought maybe my fingertips didn't feel so painfully hot anymore. But I wasn't sure. Breaking the heavy quietness, Edward disgustedly said, "What are we supposed to do with her once she's changed?" Esme was no longer working over me, and I was suddenly aware that I could focus on other things outside of the pain. The conversation, for instance, and the purple light outside of the room- the promise of another sunrise- and the heat fading from my fingertips. "The choice will be up to her," Dr. Cullen said. "Maybe she'll stay with us. Perhaps she'll want to lead her own life." Whether I was actually being transformed into a vampire or not, I knew I couldn't go back to my life. There would be questions, and questions needed answers- answers people would expect me to have. I didn't have answers. I had horrible stories that I never wanted anyone to know. I had wretched feelings that I could never share- not with my parents, not even with Vera- because I didn't want to poison them with the cruelty of it. And, of course, I could have lies. I could tell them all that I was kidnapped by some criminals who had mistaken me for some kind of heiress, and then subsequently let me go. I could save my and Royce's reputations, and those of his friends, and I could sweep it all under the rug. I could go back to my life and smile and pretend like nothing had ever happened. Except, I knew this couldn't happen. Royce and his friends had thought I was dead. If I showed up and they saw that I wasn't- perfectly intact, if not burning inside- the world would fall apart. Besides, I didn't want to lie and defend their reputations. I wanted them to suffer and endure the horrors I had endured and was still enduring. So where would I go? What would I do? I knew only one thing. I didn't want to be alone. Author's Note: It took me awhile to get this up because I had a difficult time writing it at first, I also had a lot of other things I had to update, and I'm back at school. On top of that, I'm in the process of applying to college, which is tremendously time-consuming and annoying. So thanks for bearing with me. I hope everyone enjoys the second installment of Heartless , thanks for reading!