would be perfectly aware, or know, of the running of Jasper's business. The others would be local guys who Jasper employed to maintain the normal, friendly business cover. It would become too suspicious if Jasper kept his own boys around the club and employed no one else. The sun was slowly starting to make its way back down over the city of Lyon as I reached the club. Knocking on the back door, a man with jet black hair and a large scar down the side of his face opened the door. His standoffish nature alone told me just who he was. Peter. I had to admit, for a guy who was now forty-two, he certainly didn't look it. You could easily think he was closer to Jasper's age than in his forties. The long, thick scar ran from the corner of his right eye to the corner of his mouth which crinkled as he smirked. "You Mason?" His curtly tone was set to intermediate. Nodding my head, I smirked slightly as I saw Peter practically grow in size to fit the door frame. My eyes never left his as I maintained my calm, collected persona. "And early too." "Yes, well I am new to the area and I wasn't too sure just how long it would take me to get here at this time of day." Smiling, Peter stepped aside and allowed me to enter the club. "Smart thinking, boss hates people being late. Jasper said he told you pretty much everything yesterday, and all I had to do was answer any questions you may have, hand you your uniform and tell you where you're gonna be working." Peter said as we walked through the back area of the club. "Any questions?" "Nope, I think I'm all set." We made our way into the staff room at the back which was full of lockers. Closing the door behind us, he took a tray out and placed it down on the table. "Hand everything over?" I asked. Peter smirked, "Yep, club rules. You'll get used to it." He walked over to one of the lockers and opened it up. He pulled out a black garment which was covered in a clear plastic wrap. "This should fit you. I'll leave a few more in your locker." "Thanks." Pulling off my Tee, I folded it up, placed it on the tray and handed it back to Peter. Taking the black polo shirt out the wrapping, I pulled it over my head and tucked it into the waistband of my trousers. Just above my left pec the word 'Spindle' was written in deep red. "You'll need this as well, though I'm sure you already know how to use it, right?" He smirked handing me the little mic and ear piece. "Jasper informed me that this isn't your first gig. He seemed pretty impressed over your reviews from past employers." "I know what I'm doing. Work in one club, you've worked in them all. Which reminds me, where am I tonight?" I asked while placing the ear piece in my ear. "Club floor. Emmett will be shadowing you for the next few nights. You might get on well with him. When you're ready, I'll take you onto the club floor and we'll find Emmett." Peter spun a set of keys in his hand watching and waiting, weighing me up, to be able to report back to Jasper. "I'm ready now." Peter smiled and headed towards the door. "So, what's Emmett like?" I asked as my eyes scanned around the corridors. Every inch was covered by CCTV. Jasper certainly wasn't lying when he said he prided himself on security here. "Emmett is... more the joker of the pack. Did Jasper tell you the rule about not rating the talent?" He asked. "Yeah, he did mention it. Why?" Peter chuckled and shook his head. "That will be because of Emmett. He has had several warnings over it, but Emmett feels it's rude not to comment. Lucky for him he has known Jasper for a few years." Nodding, we walked onto a large dance floor. "The big guy currently stuffing his face is Emmett." "Oh." I already knew who Emmett was, how long he had worked for Jasper, and what he was into. "Em, you're not paid to eat on the job." Peter called across the the dance floor. Emmett lifted his head slightly and flipped him off making Peter chuckle. "Yeah, and I don't get paid to rate and date but I do. Who's the new boy?" Emmett's eyes narrowed at me. "Where the fuck did Jasper find this prick?" Chuckling, I shook my head. "WOW! It's impressive to see how well roids work. Now, were you the skinny kid everyone used to pick on at school?" "Takes and gives. Well, at least this will be somewhat fun." Emmett declared over the dance floor. Settling into my shift, Emmett and me actually got along rather well. It seemed it was Emmett's way of ripping into you when he first met you to see how well you could take it. Crossing my arms over my chest, my eyes stayed fixed on the dance floor watching the countless drunken bodies move to the beat. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Peter looking over at me. He had done this more then once. Sometimes he would be whispering to someone else, and whenever he saw me looking over he would smile and tip his head slightly before I returned the gesture and focused back on the dance floor. True to his word, Jasper wasn't seen in the club all night. From what I had gathered, Jasper normally was seen only on the weekend, and even then it was never more then a few hours at any one time. From my first few hours of being in the club, all I could think of to sum it up was, clean. This, however, was something I already knew.