asked, and I could feel him smiling against my throat. "Please," I whispered as he nipped my earlobe. He knelt up then. "Well, as you asked so nicely," he grinned, and tugged off the tight black boxers. My eyes snapped down and I gasped. I didn't know if I'd be able to take him. He lazily stroked his cock as he enjoyed my reaction. "What do you think? Can you handle it?" I looked at him blankly. "Well, let's find out," he growled, and smashed his lips into mine. My legs wrapped around his waist, and the feeling of him against my aching sex was unbelievable. One of his hands was on mine, and he used the other to tease me with his cock. "Do you want this?" he asked darkly as he stroked my slit with his erection. I nodded, and he shook his head disapprovingly. "Tell me," he barked. "Emmett, I want you. Please," I whispered. "Not good enough. What do you want me to do?" he growled, and his dark eyes were smouldering. "I need you to fuck me. I need you inside me now," I said firmly, and he inhaled unsteadily. I felt his cock twitch at my words. "Say please," he demanded, and both of his hands were above my head now. He spoke the words against my mouth as he pressed himself on me. "Please Emmett. You're making me crazy. Please fuck me now. Hard." With a low moan, he held my hips and slammed into me. He was huge. The pain that he caused me as he stretched me was delicious, but pain nonetheless. I screamed. He laughed darkly against my neck. "Big enough for you?" He didn't give me time to recover. He was rough. The pain he caused me faded into beautiful pleasure as he pounded in and out of me. I was vaguely aware that he had untied my wrists, and used one big hand to hold mine against the bed frame. I was completely in his power. It was only his strength holding me down as he fucked me. We both knew now that if he stopped, I'd do anything he asked. His thrusts got quicker, and I moaned. I couldn't believe how hard and fast he was, but I wanted more. I wrapped my legs around him, trying to get more of him inside me. He slowed his thrusts and held both of my hands in his. He kissed me lightly then looked me in the eye as he spoke. "Do you want it harder? Faster? Do you think you could take it if I really let go?" He slowly drew out of me and slammed back into me on the last word. I nodded breathlessly. "Mmm I'm not so sure I should." He smirked again, as he pulled out completely. The howl of my frustration surprised me, but Emmett just laughed. "Oh, you poor little thing. What's the matter? Not getting enough cock?" he whispered against my mouth as he used his cock to tease my clit. I was the one growling now. I was going to be a broken woman when he'd finished with me. I was barely able to form coherent thoughts, and I also knew I was going to be in a lot of physical pain tomorrow. And still, he wouldn't just fuck me. His face stared down at me, his perfect face enhanced by the lust and desire smouldering in his eyes. I, on the other hand, was a mess. I was covered in sweat, my cheeks were burning and my pulse had never raced like this. "I've really put you through the wringer, huh?" he stroked my face with his cool hand. His eyes darkened, "I guess that's what you get for being such a dirty girl, thinking about fucking your boyfriend's brother." He moved out and slammed into me again, and I was nearly crying through frustration. He pulled out, and bent his head to lick my hard nipples. "I'm going to fuck you now, and you're going to come for me. And when you do, you're going to scream my name. Loud." I nodded and kept pointlessly trying to move my body closer to him. He laughed at me. "You just can't help yourself, can you?" And then, I couldn't think. He violently pushed inside me and fucked me with speed and strength like I could never have imagined. I knew it wouldn't be long, and so did he. One of his hands gripped my wrists harder than ever whilst the other was gripping my hip, pulling me brutally against him. His teeth grazed down my neck, along my throat, and down to my nipples. He bit down slightly, and everything exploded. I threw my head back, screaming his name at the top of my voice. I'd never had such an intense orgasm, and I knew he knew it. He was relentless, carrying me through the waves of pleasure. Just when I thought I really couldn't take anymore, I felt the force of his orgasm inside me and I came again. He let go of my wrists and I wrapped my arms around his neck, endlessly whispering his name against his cool skin as the tremors in our bodies subsided. Emmett moved his face close to mine. I smiled at him, feeling like the cat who got the cream. He kissed my lips gently. "Good girl. I hope you learnt your lesson," he whispered. Abruptly, he got off me and dressed so fast I didn't even have time to process his words. Some sounds of bewildered protestation escaped my mouth as he paused, half out of the window. His eyes glinted as he looked over at me, no doubt taking a mental picture of the destruction he was leaving behind. I knew this sudden exit was part of my torture. "Thanks, sweet cheeks. It's been fun. See you around." He blew me a kiss. Then he jumped, and was gone.