beautiful. Her eyes shot towards the open door and she gasped. At the same time, the baby, a beautiful baby, came into the world screaming. Bella was only heard whispering, "Jacob, you're here." before she passed out. Mom wrapped the baby up and handed it to Embry but all eyes were on me. I didn't understand why she'd said it and shifted uncomfortably while no one said anything. Mom cuddled the baby and nodded toward the kitchen for me to head in there while Embry moved Bella to her room. I knew, without a doubt, that he'd be right behind me. When I walked into the kitchen, I found Billy holding a small bundle and turned to see Mom move passed me with another buddle. "Twins?" I croaked out. "Yes, a boy and a girl." Mom informed me. Billy was crying silently against the one baby. I could smell the tears. I nodded and sat down at the small table in the kitchen and just as I'd thought, Embry came in, looking as protective as I'd ever seen him. What did I miss? "Hopefully she'll sleep for a while. Her labor was difficult." He ran his fingers through his hair, his gaze shifting between the two babies. "Why are you here Seth? You left us. You abandoned your pack and now you're back. Why?" "I…" I looked at Mom and felt the urge to hold the baby she held. "Can I see her?" I avoided his question and Mom went to move to hand her to me but Embry stopped her. "No, you can't, not until you tell me why." Embry's voice was in a low growl. "Embry, my son, give Seth a break. He's here now, that's all that matters." Billy's gruff voice murmured. I looked at Embry, my eyes going wide. Embry was Billy's son? That meant he was of the Black line. Which meant, with Jacob gone, that HE was the rightful Alpha. Embry gave me a nod when he realized I'd worked it out and I gulped back. "I woke up under this tree this morning…" I started and told them all the whole story. The panic, the pain in my chest, everything. Billy looked at Embry, then at Mom and then back to me. "I think it's time Seth see Sarah." Sarah. Her name was beautiful and I had no doubt she'd be as beautiful as her mother. I held my arms out and Mom placed the small baby in my hands. The baby snuggled into my arm and her eyes opened for the briefest of moments but it was enough. I saw my whole life in her eyes. She was it. The reason my whole world revolved. "Just as I thought.." Billy whispered to Embry. Only when Sarah closed her eyes and softly snored in my arms did I look away from her. "What happened?" I asked. "You've imprinted on Jacob and Bella's daughter." Billy informed me. Mom had her mouth covered and was crying. Embry just glared at me. I swallowed. "What's the boys name?" "Jacob. He's Jacob's junior. She wants to call him J.J." Embry informed me with a giant smile and I wondered if something was going on there. I hoped for it actually. They both deserved to be happy, no matter how long it took them. "And Sarah's whole name?" I needed to know. "Sarah Elizabeth Black." Billy smiled proudly. "It's beautiful, she's beautiful." Embry moved closer to me and attempted to take the baby which earned him a growl and then an apology. "I'm just going to see if Bella is awake and see if these two can eat. She won't be far." Embry informed me. Months, years, half a decade passed before anything changed. Embry was loyal to Bella since Jacob's death and Bella was loyal to Jacob even longer. Embry didn't date, didn't do anything besides spend time with Bella and the kids and patrol and work. He knew what he wanted and he'd wait as long as he had to for it to happen. Bella was upset at first about me imprinting on Sarah but only because I'd left. She didn't want me to leave Sarah like I'd left everyone else. I then became her favorite baby sitter. Slowly but surely Bella began venturing out. She lived through her children and especially J.J, who looked so much like his father. One Christmas before the twin's sixth birthday, Embry and Bella got caught under the mistletoe and once again the rest was history. Wolf calls went out around the house and Bella finally gave into Embry's advances. I heard her once tell Leah that she dreamed of Jacob and that he'd finally told her it was time to move on that he approved of his brother. That was all the push she needed. I waited many many years for Sarah to grow up. She went off to college, she dated, she partied. Bella didn't want her to regret any choice in life. She spoke to me often. Even told me she compared the guys she dated to me because "no one would be as perfect" as I was. When Sarah turned 21, I finally asked Bella if I could tell her the whole truth. By that time, Bella and Embry had added to their brood and had been married. She agreed that the time was right and wished me luck with a kiss on the cheek. Sitting beside Sarah on a rotten piece of driftwood, holding her hand within mine, I started my story. "So I was fighting with Leah at the time. It was all over a stupid television show but that day changed everything…." And the rest is history. A/N: The alternate ending for this was going to be Seth imprinting on Bella AFTER Jacob's death. She would refuse him for a while before eventually giving in. If you'd like that, review. If I get 15 reviews, I'll write and update the alternate ending. xoxo