covering the stand and waiting for brightly wrapped presents to be put under the tree. It is one hundred percent Bella, and it is beautiful … just like her. She turns to see me standing in the door-way watching. "You're just in time. I need you to put the star on for me," she says before making her way to the box said star is housed in. She hands me the light up star. "There is a plug near the top of the branches baby," she tells me and then turns around to finished packing up the now empty boxes. I climb the ladder and situate the star on the top of the tree. After plugging it in, I smile as I hear her gasp. "It's beautiful!" I step off the ladder and stand back before pulling her back to my chest. "You did a great job, love. Merry Christmas." She turns in my arms and takes my face in her hands. "Merry Christmas, baby." She then pulls me down to her for a kiss. "Would you like your gift a few weeks early?" "Yes please," I say, feeling giddy. She takes me by the hand and leads me to the bedroom. "You have been so patient and understanding with me, taking things slow, but I'm ready for more." As she says those words, she reaches behind her neck and loosens the halter, letting her dress pool around her feet. She is breathtaking as she stands in front of me in only a pair of blue lace panties. She releases her hair from the confines of its clip and as it grazes her breast, I watch her nipple pucker and feel myself harden at the sight. I step forward and cup the back her head slowly bringing her lips to mine. I kiss her softly at first, deepening it as we go along. I glide my tongue along her bottom lip and she opens to me. Her soft moan turning me on even more. I pull back for a breath and also need to tell her just how much she means to me. "I fucking love you so much, Bella." "I love you too, Edward." I pick her up and carry her to our bed. Laying her down, I pull my shirt over my head while toeing off my shoes. I run my hand up her legs, stopping at her hips. I trace her hip bones with my thumbs before sliding her panties down and tossing them on the floor. I kneel in front of her and run my nose up her pussy. "You smell so damn amazing," I say before giving her one long lick. I feel her hips buck up to meet my mouth, and I smirk. It seems as if I'm not the only one who has been suffering the past few months. I work her over with my mouth, sucking, licking and biting as I go, making sure to plunge my tongue into her while working her clit with my thumb. With one final lick to her very swollen clit, I bite down and watch in awe as she comes undone. I lick up everything she releases as she rides out her orgasm. I stand and unbutton my pants, letting them fall to the floor with the rest of our clothes. I slide off my boxers and pull off my socks before I climb on top of her. "I truly do love you so much, Bella," I whisper against her lips before I kiss her and slowly thrust into her. She arches up off the bed and sighs. "Oh God! So damn full!" she moans out. "Damn, you're tight baby," I say, slowly pulling out and pushing back in. Resting my weight on my elbows, I watch her as we make love. I love the feel of her hands on my back, clenching onto my shoulders as I move inside of her. She wraps her legs around my hips tighter, pulling me further into her. "Fuck you feel good," she tells me, before pulling me down for a kiss. I match the thrusts of my hips with the thrusts of my tongue. To think, I almost never had this. All because I was so stupid and blind. The thought is too much and I begin to feel the tightening in my balls. She is my everything and she finally trusts me enough to physically show her how much she means to me. She takes her hand and places it over my heart. "Forever," she whispers as she clamps down on my cock, sending her into another climax and initiating mine. "Fuck Bella! I love you!" I yell out as I come inside of her. We both ride out our highs. I regretfully ease out of her and roll to my side, but not before pulling her with me. "That was the best present you could have ever given me. It will forever be the best present you give me." "I'm sure there will be better presents through the years." "No." I shake my head. "Trust me. This will always be at the top of the list." "Well then, I guess I'll just have to return the nipple claps and vibrators." Her words make me freeze. "No you don't!" I shout before rolling her over and hover over her again. "Those will be a close second," I say as start to harden again. She looks up at me with wide eyes. "Again? Already?" "Oh yes! Definitely again." She giggles. "Merry Christmas, baby." "A very Merry Christmas, love." Well, what did you all think? I hope you liked it. Please leave me some love and let me know how you feel. I love hearing from all of you. Until next time. I promise, promise, promise Lasciviousness and Innocence will update soon. Life with my daughter in schools seems to have gotten so hectic. But, I promise it is coming. I hope to see you soon with that update.