and sat up and pushed me so she could sit on top of me. She kissed all over my bare chest and along every scar she could. Her kisses trailed down my arms, across my shoulders, my collar bone, even up my neck and to the one on my eye. i was almost in a frenzy with how much I wanted her. Our combined lust and desire and love was driving me insane. I needed her. Her kisses made their way back down and then I noticed she wasn't just kissing my scars, she when further down and licked the v shape of my hips. The had pushed herself between my knees and took my length in her mouth. I was surprised at first. As she took me closer and closer to the edge I was letting out strings of curse words and gripping her hair. I felt horrible that she was doing this, but I didn't want it to stop. I reached my climax and Bella sucked all my seed greedily. "Bella, where the fuck did you learn how to do that?" I was angry. She shouldn't be that good. "Cosmo Jasper. Lots of tips." She giggled. I mock growled at her and flipped us over so she was under me. It was time to repay the favor. I followed the same path she had with the kisses and then when I reached her hot center I kissed along her thighs and just inhaled the aroma of her arousal. I nibbled on her thighs once more before diving into her center like a starving man at a buffet. It was a horrible metaphor, but that's how I felt. She was so wet and I just wanted to lick up all her juices. She kept calling out "Oh God." So I stopped. "Bella, honey, I'm not God. My name is Jasper." I smirked and resumed my position and then I heard her scream my name as she finally let go and released. I lapped up her juices on my tongue to savor them just a moment. I climbed up between her legs and positioned myself at her center. I didn't enter her, but I waited. She was blissed out and had a small smile on her face. "Bella are you okay?" "Oh geez Jazz I am amazing." she giggled. "Do you want to stop?" I asked testing her emotions, that's when she freaked. She didn't want to stop. "No I said to make me yours and that's what we are going to do. Can I ask you something?" she was embarrassed and nervous. "Anything Bella." I let my hands rub on her thighs, I had to constantly be touching her. "Are you going mark me?" she whispered. "Do you want me to?" I answered. She nodded and pointed to her heart. "There?" I asked. And she nodded again. "I love you Jazz. So make me yours." I entered her slowly and reached her barrier and sent her only happy emotions. I took in all her pain for myself and let out a whimper. When I was fully inside her I thought I would be the first vampire to pass out. "Bella sweetheart, you feel so fucking amazing." I growled out with clenched teeth. "Oh Jazz, harder please. You're not going to hurt me." She knew I was holding back, I wanted to just pound into her so hard, but her human body couldn't take that. I thrust a little harder and heard her moans get louder as a result so I kept trying harder and harder just to test and see how far I could go with her. I never felt any pain from her all she felt was pleasure. When I tried to go even harder than I was I instantly found my own climax so I pinched her clit and she followed right after me. As she was experiencing hers I bit into the spot she pointed to and let out a loud "Mine" and started thrusting again. I only last for two minutes after that before I found a second release and my mate was coming undone underneath me. I removed myself from her and got a washcloth to clean up the blood and other bodily fluids. When I came back from the bathroom Bella was tracing the scar on her arm. "Do they smell like the others that bit me?" She asked. "It's hard to distinguish them but I know it's not my scent." I replied glumly. "It bothers you?" she asked. "If you bit into it, would you cover all those scents?" "Um…yes I guess it would, why are you asking?" I didn't want to bite her again tonight. She tasted better than anything I had ever tasted in my whole vampire life. "Please? I know you hate it. I don't like having the mark of another on me. I'm yours." When she said 'yours' I couldn't help myself and without any warning I bit into the mark and covered it up, but as I did with her mating mark, I didn't release any venom. "You are mine sugar and no one is going to take you from me." I assured her and she fell into a deep sleep, but not before whispering, "love you Jazz." I laid with my mate for the night and pulled out my phone to call Peter. I told him we could talk in the morning and we were going to end these fucks that thought they could touch my mate. It may not be this week or this month, soon I would be the one to end them, one by one. A/N: So do we like it? Want it to continue? Hate it? Want it deleted? Peter is like the all knowing bastard that is around in all these fan fics. It's started somewhere and just has been ingrained right? So that's how my Peter is too I guess. Leave me loves and I will be uber happy =)