your family's defense and your eyes shone with wisdom beyond your years and such steadfast determination. I heard your strange heart beat and it frightened me. I knew not what lay in wait for me in you. You then stepped forward to offer your memories to me and you sent them fluttering into my mind and in the images of your young existence I felt myself being pulled into something more - a vision. I saw the woman you would become, the woman you are now, standing by my side. And I saw myself, I was almost unrecognizable. I wanted for absolutely nothing because I had found the one thing that had for so long eluded me. All the treasures I have acquired and the most talented immortals to fill my coven meant nothing to me in comparison to you; my true mate. Upon that realization I knew in time you would come to me if our bond was truly reciprocal. And so you have." My eyes flashed up to his and stood with my arms crossed again. "So you knew the entire time why I was here and you just let me make a fool of myself in front of you?" I asked accusingly. He stood to face me, matching my stance. "I could have addressed the subject from the beginning. I could have done a great many things from the moment you stepped through my door, dear Renesmee" referencing the explicit scenes from my imagination that he was now aware of. "But I resigned myself to sit back and see what you would do yourself, which wrought some very intriguing results. I do confess in finding you especially lovely when you are flustered…"As he said this, he brought his hand forward and traced the side of my face with his index finger. This simple gesture brought a shiver through my entire body. "You're incorrigible…" I commented with a grin. He gathered my hands in his again as he spoke with a slight smirk. "I never claimed to be anything else." The shivering in my body soon faded into comforting warmth as I looked down to our intertwined hands. I began slowly lacing my fingers between his and smiled at how altogether new and familiar the action felt. "I was so young when it happened", I began quietly. "It took me a long time before I fully understood what I experienced with you, but even then I felt a connection that I knew was always meant to exist. But it's hard not to have doubts." "Indeed, it is." He replied as he ran his fingers on the insides of my palms. "I had even sought council from my brother Marcus, whose talents lie in denoting relationships. He commented that our bond was especially strong; a curious event for two having just met." I was only half-listening as I relished in the effects of his fingers on the sensitive skin of my palms. "J-just so you know, I won't drop everything and move here to be with you. We will have to take time to get to know each other, like normal people do." I stammered out, trying to keep some of my wits about me as my whole being was becoming awash in emotions."I am not unversed in the art of courting a young lady, if that is your meaning" he said, smiling endearingly at my attempt to be momentarily serious. I give up and rest my head on his shoulder. It has been a strange day, and coming from me - the half human who was raised by vampires with a werewolf for a best friend – that's really saying something. "I will need time," I whispered, thinking again to home… "To figure things out…with my family…and for me..." But I am brought back to the moment when I feel him stroke my hair. I find my hands are now resting on his shoulders. "When did that happen…?" "You are free to do as you wish but for now I have one request." "What?" I think, my nerves rising up again. His hands have now moved from my hair and have found their way to my waist. "I would very much like to kiss you again." I looked up at him, somewhat perplexed. "You're not at all what I'd thought you'd be like. You're so…restrained." At the word 'restrained' he raises an eyebrow with a mischievous glint in his eye and brought his face in closer to mine. "I have always prided myself as the utmost gentleman…" he whispered as he gently nuzzled the side of my face with his. "…though I understand the true way to a woman's heart lies in the path of torment." My mind was now a swirling maelstrom of abstract sexual imagery and he was stirring it with his gentle yet persistent ministrations. He was now brushing his lips across my cheek and I let out a soft moan. "Enough!" I moved my head inward and our lips finally met. The initial contact was slow and soft at first but quickly intensified. My insides were so charged, that by the point of contact, it felt like a miniature explosion going off inside me. I had no idea a kiss could feel this way. All my joints went limp and I wrapped my arms around his neck just to keep myself standing. His arms were around me too and our bodies were now pressed tightly together. On his breath I tasted the distinct coppery flavor that made the back of my throat burn. That deliciously taboo sensation only added to my aroused state. As our impassioned embrace continued, the whole world and everything attached to it floated away. All the conflict that I knew would await me at home because of my actions here floated with it, and for this moment in time, it ceased to exist. The only thing that concerned me now was the achingly sweet feeling of ice melting into fire.