of La Push, I can detect a bit of an accent." I smirked at the man walking besides me. "Oh really? What accent would that be, since you're oh so observant ," I said, grabbing a pack of ground beef. Jake smirked back. "Well, it's nothing from the Washington, or the West Coast for that matter." I nodded, walking into the dairy aisle. "You don't have a country accent, so it's not Midwest, or Southeast either. I'm guessing somewhere on the Northeast Coast?" I nodded, waiting for him to continue. He didn't. Instead, he looked over my shoulder at the door. There stood another large man, his eyes scanning the store before resting of Jake, and then myself. The large man looked as if he were sizing me up before walking over, his gaze moving to Jake. "What's taking you guys so long? Everyone's at the house starving." The large man folded his arms over his broad chest, while looking pointedly at Jake. "It's cool Sam, we got everything," Embry said, appearing with a cart full of items. I guess he went to pick up the rest of the food they needed. I'm pretty sure they didn't have a cart before, let alone one filled to the brim with groceries. Huh, that was odd. "I was just about to go pay." "And what was Jake doing?" The one addressed as Sam asked, staring intently at Jake. Was this his boss? Jake grinned. "I was just helping a damsel in distress, Sam." I raised an eyebrow at him. Damsel? Sam did the same, but his gaze shifted from Jake, to me, and then back to Jake. A look of realization suddenly coming over his features. "Did you?" Jake nodded. I looked between the two, confused. Did he what? Sam grinned, patting Jake on the shoulder. "Let's go Embry. Jake, you know where to find us when you're done." Jake nodded in response. Sam and Embry then walked to the front of the store to begin paying for their items. I glanced at Jake who glanced down at me and smiled. "What exactly did you do?" Jake's smile turned to a smirk. A very sexy smirk. "Wouldn't you like to know," he said before winking at me. I rolled my eyes and glanced away, fighting against the blush that threatened to make itself known. I continued walking, Jake still walking with me. "So how long have you been here?" Jake asked, hands stuffed in his pockets once again. I picked up a few tomatoes and lettuce. "Two days." "Wow, so you're brand new to these parts. Are you living in La Push?" I shook my head. "No, I live in Forks." "You came all the way to La Push to do your grocery shopping?" Jake asked, cocking an amused eyebrow. I blushed. "I, uh, sort of got lost trying to find a supermarket in Forks," I said, making my way to the checkout line. Jacob leaned his head back and let out a loud bark of laughter. I rolled my eyes with a smile on my face while bagging up my groceries. Jake, once he was done laughing, helped me. I paid the cashier and walked out with Jake in tow. "You know, you know my name, but I don't know yours." I glanced at Jake to see he was gazing down at me. My breath caught in my chest as we made eye contact once again. His eyes were beautiful. His face was beautiful. He was just…beautiful. I shook my head, clearing my thoughts. "My name's Ashley." Jake nodded. "Ashley," he said, trying it out. He made my name sound so much more…amazing. I blushed before I popped my trunk open and began loading the groceries. "My real name's Jacob, but everyone calls me Jake. " I nodded, continuing to load the car with Jake's assistance. "So, which do you prefer?" Jacob smiled. "Whichever you're more comfortable with." I smiled in return. "Are all guys as nice as you around here?" I asked, flattered that he'd helped and kept me company. Jake grinned. "Nah, I doubt it. I'm one of a kind," he replied with a wink. I giggled in response. The car was finally loaded and I sighed. I honestly wasn't ready to say goodbye to Jake yet. "Can you tell me how to get back to Forks?" Jake shook his head slightly while smiling. "You want to take this road straight down," Jake said, pointing at a completely different road than what I came down. "It'll take you right back to the heart of Forks. You good from there?" "Yeah, thanks for your help." I replied standing my car door. Jacob nodded, standing in front of me, not close enough to be considered intimate, but not too far away either. "So, I was wondering since you're new around here and all," Jake began, looking nervous. He looked absolutely adorable. "Maybe I could show you around? You know, so you won't get lost again?" If it wasn't so dark out, I would probably be able to make out the blush I was sure was on Jake's face. I smiled genuinely. "That would be great. Here, let me give you my number." Jake took out his phone, dialed in my number, and then called me so I had his number. Jake smiled. "So, I'll give you a call tomorrow?" I nodded. "Sounds like a plan." Jake nodded and walked over to the red Volkswagen I saw sitting in the parking lot. He waved at me as I got in my car and started the ignition. I waved back before pulling off. On the drive back home, I couldn't help but smile. Jake seemed like a really nice guy. Maybe moving clear across the country had its advantages. Maybe I could settle into a normal life, with a normal job, and normal friends; something like I had back home in Jersey. Maybe Washington wasn't as bad as I originally thought it was.