going to remove my bra, take off your pants, and then ram your big cock into me until we both come again." Before I could continue, Edward was helping me undress. Once I was standing in only my bra and thong, he began kissing me, and laying me on the bed. My juices were already flowing. All too soon, his lips left mine, and he began leaving kisses down my neck, down between the valley between my breasts, and to my thong, which he took off with his teeth. Gah, that was so sexy. Then, he spread my legs apart, and stared at my pussy. "Are you only going to stare at it? Or, are you going to do something?" He didn't answer, he just dove in, and began, essentially, making out with my pussy. I couldn't hold back my moans. He was just that good. Then, I suddenly heard a voice that, had I not been in the throes of passion, would have made me angry as a hornet. "OH MY GOD, RILEY…They're…they're…they're bumping uglies in there! Edward Anthony, you get out right now!" Edward lifted his head from my pussy, "I'd love to, Mother, but I'm enjoying my Christmas dinner. It's more delicious than anything you've put on the table." Then, I heard a shriek that just made me laugh. But, I couldn't laugh for long…Edward was back to making out with my pussy. All too soon, I was coming, but he wasn't finished with me. "Now, sweet girl, you're going to come again, and squirt all over these bed sheets. We're going to make everyone who comes in here smell you. They'll rue the day I ever came back." Before I could think about that for too long, Edward was working hard at making me squirt, something that only he, with his long, piano playing fingers, could accomplish. If I focused long enough, I could hear the squishing of my juices as his fingers went in and out of my pussy. Then, all too soon (or, at least, all too soon in my head), I could feel the pressure building. "Ahh…Edward! I feel it!" "Don't hold back, love. Do it!" His words were my undoing, and I sprayed all over his hands, thighs, and the bed. Before I could gather my wits about me, Edward rammed himself inside me, and began pounding away (my favorite). He turned us so that I was on top, and then I began riding him to my heart's content. "God, Bella, you're so sexy. I love watching your tits swing as you ride my big cock." Then, as if to add to his point, he smacked my ass. It didn't take long before we were both coming. As we lay there in the afterglow, I asked Edward, "So, what do we do now?" "Well, my love, we get dressed, get our bags, and then say a big 'FUCK YOU' to Halifax, and then get on the first plane to Newark so that we can get to Phoenix. You can call your mom from the airport." I laughed, but agreed with him. Halifax had been nothing but a headache since we arrived. The only bright spots were Jessica, and now the revenge we had gotten on whoever slept in this room. We quickly dressed, grabbed our bags, and then said our good-byes to Jessica, who promised to visit us when we returned to NYC. Edward's mother, father, grandfather, and 'Glannie' were in the living room as we walked to the front door. As we passed, I gave a subtle one finger salute, while Edward yelled out, "FUCK YOU, Mother! Fuck you, Glannie! You never accepted me, and you've insulted the woman I love. Hope you like the present I left for you in my old room." I just laughed and laughed as we went to the car. This trip to the airport was a lot quicker than the trip from it just a few hours earlier. Once we arrived, had tickets purchased (thankfully, it was only a few hour layover), and bags checked in a second time, I phoned my mom in Phoenix. "Bella, baby, it's so good to hear from you! But, I thought you'd be busy with Edward's family in Halifax." "Mom, don't even get me started. Edward's family is just awful…sorry, that's putting it mildly. They're, pardon my language, fucking douchebags. They don't seem to accept Edward's career choice, nor mine, and just want him to be a doctor, just like his father." Mom was silent for a moment, then spoke again, "Oh, baby, that's just awful. Please let Edward know he is more than welcome to our home anytime. We love you both." That was just what I needed to hear, "Well, Mom, that's why I'm calling you. We cannot possibly stay in Halifax, even for a single night. Can we come to Phoenix and spend Christmas with you?" Mom didn't even wait for me to continue, "Of course! We can even meet you at the airport! What time does your flight arrive?" This was one of the many things I loved about my parents. They accepted others, no matter what. Even when my brother, Paul, brought home his boyfriend for the first time (he never formally came out, because, he was a little scared), my parents cheered for him! James was accepted as an immediate member of the family then and there. Now, James and Paul are married with a little girl, my niece, Jade, and another on the way (via surrogate). I gave Mom all of our details, and she agreed to meet us at the airport. When I shared this information with Edward, he visibly relaxed. Our Christmas wasn't what I'd hoped, but I knew that, together, we could do anything. It may not be the white Christmas I wanted, but we would always have each other. I'd discovered that the picture perfect Christmas does not exist, but, together, we would have a perfectly imperfect Christmas.