then pulling back to kiss me. I'm completely blissed-out and I lean my head back on Edward's shoulder, catching my breath. I don't realize I'm being lifted again until I am being sat down on Jasper's lap. I look down to see he has a condom on his cock and is stroking himself as he watches me come closer. He holds his cock at the base as I sink down onto him. As Edward lets go of me, I throw my arms around Jasper and get lost in him. He is familiar, he is safety, he is home. "Fuck, Bells. You're amazing!" He whispers in my ear as he thrusts up into me, setting a pounding rhythm of thrusting up to meet me as I push down on him. "I love being inside of you." "God yes, Jazz. I love how you fuck me...love me!" I gasp out, looking him in the eyes. Our fucking slows down a bit as he grasps my face with his hands. "I...fuck," he moans out as I begin grinding circles on his cock. "No other woman compares." We stare into each other's eyes eyes, knowing what our arrangement usually is, but feeling like it is becoming so much more. I feel Edward behind me, running his fingers up and down between my cheeks, stopping at my rose bud to circle it with his finger. I hear the click of a bottle top and then feel the loss of his finger. As I look behind me, his lips find mine as his lubed finger finds my rose bud again, rimming it, teasing it before he slides it in. "Ahhh!" I moan into his mouth, bucking a little harder into Jasper. "I love watching the two of you kiss," Jasper says, running his hands between my breasts. Edward pulls back from the kiss and looks at Jasper. "I pulled the chaise in from the other room. I think it will be easier on there," he says as he stands, and pulls his hand from me, making me whimper at the loss. Jasper nods and he stands he adjusts me, hitting my g-spot and I moan out in pleasure. He walks over to the chaise and straddles it, sitting down while still inside of me. I feel Edward behind me, his lubed up fingers finding my ass again, getting me stretched and ready for him. He pulls his fingers away, and gently pushes me forward a bit Jasper stops moving, and I feel Edward line up with my rose bud and start to slowly push in. I gasp at the feel of his pierced head pushing into me. "So fucking tight!" He hisses out, twining his fingers with Jasper's, which are resting on my hips. "Oh, God! So full!" I moan out, leaning my head onto Jasper's shoulder. "Are you okay, darlin'?" Jasper asks, kissing my cheek. "Yes, please, just...I need more." I say, reaching back and grabbing onto Edward's forearm. Edward pushes into me some more, going slowly, letting me adjust to him and Jasper both inside of me. Once he is fully sheathed by me, he and Jasper give a nod to each other and as one pushes in, the other pulls out. I just sit there and let them work me over. Edward playing with one breast, while Jasper sucks on the other. "Fuck Jazz, I can feel your cock through her walls." Edward pants out. I can feel him trying not to lose control and fuck me. "Her tightness...and the feeling of you inside her pussy, it's fucking heaven." Jasper lets go of my nipple and leans up as Edward leans in a bit more. They meet at my shoulder and begin a soft, sensual kiss. I moan at the sight. "Watching the two of you kiss is so damn sexy." I say, leaning over and kissing the side of their mouths. "Oh, God! Please...faster!" I gasp out, loving their slow, sexy pace, but needing to just be fucked by these two beautiful men. Suddenly it is like they are both racing to the finish as they pound into me. "Fuck yes!" Jasper yells out, thrusting upwards. "God damn! Fucking take it all, Bells!" Edward yells out. I feel them both push into me at the same time and the overwhelming sense of fullness pushes me over the edge and I clamp down on Jasper and Edward. I am blinded by my orgasm as I see flashes of light and I scream out as Edward's cries out that he is cumming followed by Jasper crying out as he cums. I collapse onto Jasper's chest as I feel Edward sag onto my back. Feeling exhaustion take over, I curl up into Jasper and let the darkness of sleep take over. I am jolted awake as I feel Jasper running a wet hand towel over my pussy and ass. "Shh darlin', I'm just cleaning you up," he tells me. I look around and see that we are in Jasper's bedroom. Just then the bed dips and I feel Edward pull me to his chest. "You were everything I imagined you to be," he whispers in my ear. "Thank you for trusting us, sweet girl." I feel the other side of the bed dip as Jasper curls up to my front, laying his arm across my body and Edward's, holding us to him. He kisses my forehead as I nestle into his neck. "What about your shoot, Jazz?" "Let them use stock images, I'm too happy and content to care right now," he says, as he snuggles into Edward and I. "I still want to see you in fairy wings," Edward chuckles into my hair. "Maybe if I get a repeat performance of earlier, I'll put them on and let Jasper take some pictures," I say, smiling. "I'm holding you to that, darlin'." I shudder at the thought, but let sleep take over as I lay nestled between my two tatted men that own my heart.