radiated. Edward thought he might be dreaming. The skin of her wrists was so thin, her pulse so close, right in his hands. All he could think of was how precious it was, how he could feel as if it were his own. Warmth and breath, simple and content. He felt alive. He had to be dreaming. "Vampires don't sleep," she whispered. He opened his eyes and she was smirking at him. "You're not dreaming. I'm right here." She squeezed his fingers and then rubbed her thumb on his palm. He closed his eyes again, held his breath and tried to clear his mind and just feel. Sadly, Edward could not do this. He was too busy being in shock over the fact the he was... touching Isabella. Edward Cullen was touching a beautiful woman. Being brought into immortality at the age of seventeen in 1918, Edward has never experienced the joy of women as a human. His Victorian virtues carried over into his vampire life, never marrying or mating. He had been at Carlisle's side as a companion since the beginning, but they never touched, ever. The simple contact with another both terrified and soothed him. He took her hand and with light brushes of his fingertips traced every inch of hands and wrists. His touches just right, ghosting over skin and sometimes tickling her. When she laughed, he felt good, proud. His hands were curious little devils, snaking down to her waist and giving a poke or two, causing her to giggle like a mad woman. Both of them laughing, his arms casually draped around her hips, he didn't know what to say or do, but he definitely wanted to keep tickling her. Her laugh was addictive. He lifted her head and kissed her softly, slowly and carefully. He didn't want to hurt her. Short and sweet, he pulled away looking down at her lips, he had never felt anything so soft. She slid her finger over the collar of his shirt and up his neck into his hair. "You are a beautiful creature, Edward." His lips drifted, lightly grazing her cheek. He placed slow, open mouthed kisses below her ear. Inhaling, his lips fell upon her neck, her jugular pulsating, and singing for him. Her scent intensified as did his urge to bite. His body charged, tensed in anticipation, he wanted to move, to sink his teeth into her. He had never wanted to drink human blood so badly. "Ah uh," she chided, making a tsk tsk sound. She slapped him lightly across the cheek, hard enough for him to feel it but not painful. She tapped his nose and scolded him again but this time, her lips never moved. Her inner voice was soothing, surrounded by bells. He felt it move through his mind like a warm wind. You mustn't bite. Behave. He could hear her. The words wrapped around his mind and had their way with him. I want your lips on me again. She shifted her hips closer to his. His mind spun in circles, trying to make sense of this woman. He tried not to fantasize, aware that she was listening but he could not deny he wanted to ravage her. He wanted to feel her body slick with sweat as he took her, but he was petrified to even try. Her grin grew mischievous as she leaned her head to the side, exposing her neck. Your lips... Her inner voice murmured. No teeth, Edward. Just your lips. Please? His movements were torturously slow, his will bending into hers. He kissed her jaw and then brought his lips up to meet hers. Drawn out, yet chaste, an immeasurably beautiful kiss. And he could hear her no longer. "I must go," she spoke as she stroked his cheek again. "I'll see you tomorrow." He was stunned at the ease of his own hands releasing her. He didn't want to release her; he wanted to be surrounded by her fragrance, to be at ease with her touch. You've bewitched me , he thought. He growled and pulled her close, their bodies pressed against each other's. He could feel her heart pounding, so strong he could feel a vibration in his chest with every beat. Rubbing her hands up and down his arms as if to comfort him, her expression was a mix of concern and curiosity. "Edward, I need for you to go. Please, I need you to prove to me that you can do this." He wasn't satisfied, tomorrow was too far away. He sucked in a few greedy breaths, afraid for any kind of separation from her, "No, I... I want you to come home with me." Tears sprung to her eyes. "Why? Why do you want me?" Something was happening. Edward was at a loss for words but the feel of her heart thundering, warmth spreading in every place she was touching him; he only knew he wanted her . He would swear that she was glowing, her very being shining through her eyes. It made him feel weightless and dizzy. A single tear slipped down her cheek. "Tell me why ." He couldn't. There was nothing logical about this, it was all instinctual. He just knew he needed to be with her. Everything about her called to him, her beauty, her silence and her blood . He needed all of it. She pushed against him hard, surprised at the force he released her and jumped back. Slowly she raised her hands, palms out in a warning to stay away. "I have to go. Now." She took two steps backward than ran. Edward gasped at the cold creeping back into his body in her absence. "No!" He cried as she disappeared right in front of his eyes. ~O~ A/N: Thank you for reading. Please leave me a review. *blinks innocently* Pretty please? I would love to know what you think! I am firmly committed to updating once a week. Until next week!