out astonished Annalise, so much so that she soon decided not to wait for the fireworks to happen. She silently wondered why she had decided to wear her heeled boots. They weren't ridiculously high, but they also weren't the most comfortable, and with the fear of her having to make a quick getaway in mind, she mentally cursed herself for not wearing normal, flat winter boots instead. Annalise was about to cross the street, when someone roughly grabbed her arm. " Annalise, we need to talk. " Jean said, obviously intoxicated like many of the other Parisian people. " I have nothing to say to you, Jean Laurent. You return to France and you don't inform me, and worst of all, you take away all of my money- " " That money doesn't belong to you. It belongs to your mother. " Jean said, frustrated. " And she's dead because of you! " Annalise accused. " She left that money for me, not you, so you had no right to take it away from me!" " I have no money, Annalise! No one will hire me because of my time-" "That's not my problem. " Annalise said, coldly. " Now let me go, or I'll scream. " " We can share the money, Annalise. Sophie had enough to be shared. " Jean pleaded. " I'll settle that after speaking to a lawyer. " Annalise said, finally pulling free from Jean's grip and crossing the street as fast as her legs could carry her. She just wanted to get away from him. She couldn't look at the man responsible for her mother being dead. ... Annalise's feet ached as she crossed Mantes-La-Jolie with her heart rate erratic. She wasn't sure if her father would be around that area or not, but she didn't want to stick around long enough to find out. The lawyer she'd be meeting lived a while outside Mantes-La-Jolie, but unfortunately for Annalise, there was no easier route to take - and with little to no money for transportation, Annalise had to walk around at early hours of the morning, just to get there in time for eight. Annalise was sure she saw a man lying by park gates, covered in an old, rugged blanket, who wasn't breathing. She didn't wait to figure out whether or not he was alive, but she knew he didn't look it, and it terrified her. " Get out of here before I kill you myself! " Annalise heard, and she felt herself begin to walk even faster. There were many crashing and banging noises that followed, and Annalise had to try her best not to cry. " Annalise !" Annalise nearly screamed when she felt the familiar, firm grip on her arm. " Let me go. " Annalise hissed. " Come, Annalise, come with me and we'll talk things out. Frédéric will solve the money situation. Quick and easy, Annalise, I promise. " Jean said, his words slurring, and his balance betraying him. " Leave me alone! " Annalise said, a little louder, hoping someone would get him off her. " I've already told you I'm going to solve this myself. Leave me alone and let me go!" "Annalise you don't know what you're doing." Jean growled. " Don't be a silly girl and come with me!" " NO!" Annalise screamed now, and wriggled her arm, violently enough for Jean to release his grip on her. Annalise went to run, but Jean managed to grab her first. She fell to her knees, but Jean fell also. Annalise took this as a chance to leave. Panicking, Annalise picked herself up quickly, gathered her belongings - she had all her things with her, because it wasn't wise to leave it at her foster home - and went to run. Jean grabbed her ankle, nearly knocking her to the ground. " Annalise, you're going to regret this if you keep this up! " Jean said, violently, but Annalise continued to struggle. Suddenly, her sharp and rather worn out heel connected violently with Jean's nose, making him scream out in pain, as blood dribbled out of his nose and onto the pavement. Annalise surely thought that would've caught someone's attention by now, but there seemed to be no one around still. Annalise finally managed to get away from Jean, and she tried to run as fast as she could, despite her shaky legs threatening to give in. " I TOLD YOU TO STOP! " It happened too fast for Annalise to comprehend. One moment she was running, and Jean, her father, was shouting at her, pleading for her to see his reasoning, and the next there was a loud noise, and an excruciating pain erupted from her abdomen, and she saw blood. A lot of blood. That's when she understood what had happened. That's when her legs finally gave in and she fell to the ground. Was this it? Was this how it was all going to end? Was this how her mother died? Had she been shot too? Did she leave this world in pain just like Annalise was about to? " Shit. Shit. No... No... " Jean began. Annalise saw Jean gather her things together. Her vision was blurring though, and she wasn't sure what exactly was happening. Was he going to help her, even though he was the one who shot her? She saw Jean getting further and further away with her things, and eventually he turned a corner and disappeared from view. This was it. He was going to leave her here to die and was going to obtain all of her mother's money. All this... Because of money... "No..." Annalise heard the soft voice, but she wasn't sure where it was coming from. "No... No... I'm too late. It's okay, sweetie, it's okay... I know someone who will help you..." Annalise saw a pair of terrified, bright, golden eyes, before the darkness welcomed her. - fin - ... for now :)