the big deal?" I was being stubborn and didn't care about what he thought. He was doing his thing, what was I supposed to do all day? Wait and see if MAYBE he showed up before the sun came up? " You...I…" He didn't have anything to say either, so I tried to walk away but he grabbed me again. I pulled my arm away and glared at him. " Grab me again, I dare you." My voice was low and menacing, well as menacing as I could be. I used it on the grabby patrons of the bar, but this was my husband. He recoiled like I HAD slapped him and shook his head, walking away and back to his table. Just as he did, my song came on the jukebox. I jumped on the bar and sang along, giving a cute, yet suggestive dance along with it. Jasper's eyes were on me the whole time and I thought I was turning him on until a regular jumped up on the bar and came up and slapped my ass. I heard him before I saw him and Jasper had the man by his throat, threatening him. " Jasper, stop!" I yelled. He stopped and turned on me and spat out, "If my wife wasn't dressed like a common whore, I wouldn't have to beat this guys ass." That's when I slapped him. Hard. Across the face. I regretted it almost immediately and ran away from him and out of the bar. Hours later, I finally made my way home. He was waiting for me. It was then that we really talked. Really and truly. We made sure we had at least three dinners together a week and he told me to come to the studio sometimes. I agreed to give up the bar but he thought I sang really well and joked that maybe one day we'd do a duet. I was embarrassed about resenting him. I knew how hard Jasper had worked for all of this and I was being bratty about it. I was hardly used to sharing my husband but he playfully reminded me that soon, the whole world would want a piece of Jasper Whitlock. Boy, was he right. Jasper lit up the charts and won so many awards. He got his own tour before he even had a month in with Garth Brooks. He was amazing. That's why, after three albums, he was finally able to play his music. When he got the news, I was ecstatic. It was also the first time I ever got to read his notebook. Jasper came barreling into the kitchen, talking a mile a minute and there was no way I could keep up. Finally I screamed his name and placed my hands on his chest. " A little slower this time, baby." I teased. " I...get...to….my..songs…" He panted out and it took a minute to register but then I got it. His new album would be filled with his words. Our words. Our life. The words he wrote about us. We danced around the kitchen that night and ended up making love right there on the counter. Dinner had been forgotten and burned but we ordered out and laid in the living room, in front of the fire. That's when he pulled it out. His notebook. He slowly handed it over and to anyone else, none of it would have made sense but it was all so completely Jasper. I read every word, every thought, felt every emotion behind them and gave him a big grin. " This will be the best yet." I promised. And it was. Jasper's success had tripled and everyone wanted him. I heard him call my name and looked up. "Are you alright? I have to head back out but…" he trailed off and looked at me worriedly. "I'm fine. We're fine." I rubbed affectionately on my protruding belly. "Go, we'll be here when you're done. I'm going to watch from here. I can't listen to what some of those women are saying about my husband." I gave him a small smile and he kissed my forehead and placed a hand over mine. "I love you." He spoke before he left. "Love you.." I replied. We'd had a hell of a ride. From bullies and rocks, to a stadium filled of people screaming his name. This was us. And our story was starting a brand new chapter. Tonight. But I wouldn't tell Jasper yet. When Jasper came off the stage for the night. I grabbed his hand and told him we had to go. "I knew it! Dammit Bella, I woulda stopped the show." He yelled. "You damn well would not!" I shouted back. My contractions had been going on for hours and were getting closer and closer. "Your daughter just wanted to experience the next concert for real." I gave him a weak smile and squeezed his hand. "Emilyn Marie Whitlock, I…." he started speaking to the baby but had to stop driving because we had hit a railroad block. I couldn't help but laugh into the night. Of course. The night train. Ten hours later, Jasper was holding our baby girl. Her barely there blonde hair and my round face present. She stole our hearts and I could see it already. When he handed Emilyn to me, I watched him grab his notebook, a newer one, but still the same, and he started jotting down. I couldn't help but smile. A/N: "Night Train" is sung by Jason Aldean. Also, if you can find it there is another song lyric by Jason Aldean present in this one shot. No infringement meant. Just couldn't stop picturing my country singing Jasper. One shots help me work out what to do with my WIP's so meh, maybe this helps, maybe it sucks but hey, it's here. Review, or not. I feel a hell of a lot better than I did a few hours ago.