out of the room, still holding her head high. "Good day Miss Swan" he smiled at me. He was extremely good-looking and couldn't be a day older than 27. He had weird green eyes that I've never seen on anyone else before. His hair was a copper/bronze color that was always a fashion crime, but somehow he made it look amazing in its disheveled form. I realized that I still had to greet him, but refrained to do so; he did make me wait a good few minutes earlier so I wasn't going to make an effort to be nice. "Your staff needs to be taught a lesson" he held up his hand motioning for me to stop talking. "You don't have to say anything else. I've been having problems with this one for nearly four months now. She already has three warnings and I've warned her what was going to happen if her hands got itchy again" he stood up and walked over to her where she was standing before the door. He had a London accent, but it was different from everyone else's, it was more personal I think, I bet that he had mixed accents. And strangely his accent didn't bother me at all like everyone else's, I actually liked it, very much. "Jessica" he told her slowly and softly. Jessica was a strange name for someone that lived in England. She started sobbing uncontrollably. "You know what is going to happen. I need you to pack up your things and go. You've caused too much trouble for some of our guests over the past few months." Before he could say anything further she stormed out of the door. I stood up and had a smile on my face "well thank you Mr. Cullen" surprisingly I was much more happier. "I'm just doing what needed to be done" he answered "would you mind having a quick coffee with me?" he asked, he even looked a little hopeful. I wasn't sure what his motives were, but I found myself not actually caring. "I don't drink coffee" I told him, I don't know how it happened but the words were out of my mouth before I could stop it "it's not good if you want to keep your teeth healthy" he probably thought I was a weirdo. He didn't seem fazed at all by my little confession "how about tea?" "Okay" I said a little awkwardly and went to sit on the chair I sat earlier. He called in Justine and told her to bring one coffee and tea. She eyed me wearily and snuffed up her nose like she had earlier. This girl was beginning to work on my nerves. "Don't mind her she has an attitude problem with every female that comes in here, I have no idea why" it seemed as if he really didn't know why she acted that way. Anyone could easily see that she was jealous and just didn't like women talking to him. "Do you mind telling me why the hotels name is 'The Welsh Deluxe' I mean you're obviously from London. But I'm detecting something else in your accent" he looked at me amused probably because it's the first time he really heard me speak. I was stunned myself. He wanted to say something else, but I cut him off "Agg its obvious you're from Wales, hence the name and your mixed accents" it felt so good putting that little puzzle together. He smiled brightly at me and it kinda made me feel exposed. Why did I have to say that to him, now he's looking at me weird? It was still cute though. "Yes you are completely right, I am originally from Wales." Just than Justine came into view with our drinks. She placed the tea in front of me "this is your black ty-phoo tea" I had no idea what type of tea that was, but I didn't want it. "I've never heard of this brand, but can you get me Lipton, green tea" I didn't want to seem rude in front of Mr. Cullen for some strange reason so against my better judgment I added "please" before she made her way to the door I stopped her "just bring the contents, with cream and sugar. And please don't touch the handle again." She reemerged a few moments later and I quickly made my tea just the way I liked it. Mr. Cullen tried to make conversation with me, but it wasn't working. I knew he just wanted to be nice and the fact that I was short in answering his questions made it slightly awkward and made it felt like an interrogation. "It was nice meeting you Mr. Cullen, but if you will excuse me I have business to attend to" I actually had nothing to do; I just didn't feel like being asked questions anymore. I stood up the same time he did. "Please, call me Edward I insist" I had no plans to do so "I suggest you tidy up your office a bit. It doesn't give a good first impression Mr. Cullen" we shook hands and I was out of his office before he could say anything else. A/U All I can say is that I hope that those who are going to read this please click on the review button it's going to mean the world to me. Was Bella too mean? I want to know all your thoughts. The next chapter will be up in five days or maybe less I already started with it. Please stick with this story! Stay safe. Oh and can you tell me how many words do you think is appropriate for a chapter. I don't have a beta so if anyone wants to volunteer you can message me. And lastly if you have any ideas that you want to maybe share with me message me I would love to hear them and put it in the story.