constant beating spray of the shower, I allowed the water to work out the kinks that had settled and resettled in my body more than once over the last six months in the process of planning our wedding and the subsequent hiatus from sex that it imposed. More recently, I had come to the realization that denying myself that outlet probably did more harm than good for both Bella and I. The planning itself was like something from a nightmare. Alice, Esme, my mother, Bella's family…it seemed every woman we knew who had any idea about how to plan a party was pitching me their vision for my wedding. More than once, I was tempted to call up Bella at work and skip out on the wedding altogether, opting instead to get married at the courthouse and be done with it. Cooler heads eventually prevailed, and I was now five days away from what was sure to be the craziest of weddings. Between cleaning, cooking, and trying to organize our families arrivals into some semblance of order I was already beat by the time I went to pick up Kinsley and Hannah. Chasing them around the backyard and playing tea party until Bella came home just made me even more exhausted. Luckily Bella took over when she saw me struggling or I probably would have passed out. Shutting off the water, I stepped out of shower and wrapped a towel around my body. Heading straight for the closet, I quickly dressed before going over to Kinsley's room at the end of the hall. Through the cracked door, I saw Kinsley drifting in and out of consciousness as Bella sat reading the adventures of Curious George. Sliding into the room, I kneeled next to the bed and pulled the covers up around her and removed her earrings from her ears, sitting them on her bedside table, as was nightly routine. Bella continued to read as Kinsley's eyes finally closed for good and I kissed her temple as she turned to nuzzle her face into the pillow. Sometimes, I found myself watching her at night in pure wonder. Under the shroud of peaceful sleep, I was able to distinguish all the little things that made up the tell-tell signs of her parentage. I still could not believe that something so perfect could have been made, at least in part, by me. It was more than a little reaffirming. Bella was guilty of getting choked up too from time to time and we had to anchor each other, otherwise we'd go to work the next morning looking like zombies due to lack of sleep. Pulling Bee up out of the chair and down the hair, I ventured back to our room and climbed into bed signaling for her to do the same. As she held me, I snuggled into her, taking in her scent and releasing a deep sigh I didn't know I was holding. I was just about to close my eyes when the smooth annotation of Bee's voice rang out. "Rosalie, you remember that day years ago, when you thought your world was over and I told you I'd always love you?" "Yeah." "Well, the lights are off, it's the end of the day, and we don't have 2.5 kids…but Kinsley is like 5 kids in one. I still love you as much, if not more than I ever have. You are still the most beautiful woman I have ever met. I'm glad you finally agreed to marry me, because I know now that I can't live without you. You're the only one I want to spend the rest of my life with. I love you Ro….besides I'm too old and far too lazy to mess this up now. Dating is not for me." Honestly, I did remember the day, but I didn't remember the promises she made to me and as the refreshed memory floated into my consciousness I nearly cried, thinking of how far we'd come as a couple and where we were headed. Still, a part of me was hesitant to give in to those feelings just yet and leave Bee to deal with a blubbering, anxious mess. I also didn't miss the emphasis she'd placed on the word finally and part of me cringed at the thought that it had taken her so many times to get the answer we both knew I wanted to give. Fear more than anything else, kept me from accepting her first two proposals and for a while she stopped trying. She worked up the courage twice more, and I rejected her only to finally accept it when I realized in my heart what my mind had known long before that. Finally, I put on my big girl shoes and I accepted her proposal. Ever since, I had been working, parenting, and planning around the clock. Now that I had made my decision, I wanted to go through with it as soon as I could. "You really want to get laid." I said playfully. "Again, maybe. But, that doesn't mean it's not true." "I love you too. Luckily, you may not ever have to live without me. Don't even think about it Cassanova. I'm telling you right now, I don't want to become the next Lorena Bobbit but it's always a possibility. I warned you a long time ago, now you're stuck with me. Get over it." I said, trying and failing to use a stern voice. I was powerless against her when she was like this. The sweetness got to me every time. Both of us ended up in a mess of giggles at the sheer ridiculousness of it all. "Yes ma'am." Bee whispered pulling me in closer until my body was practically molded to her side. "Now hush, I have to work tomorrow and nobody likes me when I'm cranky." I said, burying my face in her neck as I drifted off to sleep feeling totally safe in Bee's arms.