aren't picking good men Kate, perhaps you need a break. Even I tossed yours back, he had nothing sparking in him." Irina said while Tanya was pulling onto the freeway. "Well, switching to women would make this town worth another visit." Kate said, but Tanya didn't agree. This town was off the list for now, the offerings weren't that great. "I'm thinking of trying Bellingham next time." Tanya offered up a new plan, a bit further away. "We could run it and save time." "We'd have to, the trip would kill the cars." Irina added. "Bellingham huh? That's not too far from Forks." "Not really close either." Kate added with a teasing smile Tanya could see in the rearview mirror. "Does someone want to see if Bella sparks better than the men around here?" "No, no, she's, well, I'm guessing she's off the menu." Irina's voice rose a little. "She sounds like she's a real firecracker though, bet she sparks something fierce." Kate continued to tease. "And did you catch that she doesn't seem to have a problem with female lovers? No pronouns, when she talked about every vampire that was better than Edward, there were no pronouns." Rather than let the teasing get to the point Irina got flustered and ended up damaging the dashboard again, Tanya spoke up. "So do we agree this town is dead? We need to find a new fishing hole?" "Bellingham it is." Irina voted and Kate made some noise that Tanya took to be agreement as well. "And since we'll be in Washington anyhow, I say we visit Carlisle and the others more often." Kate added mischievously. "I still think that Bella girl probably sparks at least twice as bright as the man I just had. We owe her anyhow, a little sexual release might be just the thing to say 'thank you for saving Irina's life' don't you think?" "Somehow I can't imagine the Cullen's, of all covens, to be okay with that type of thank you for her. I think they think of her as their little girl, and I don't know how many momma bears you'd have to face if you deflowered their little girl." Tanya warned Kate. "Please, she said she's been with biters, clearly she's deflowered." Kate spoke up again, but Tanya noticed that Irina wasn't joining in on the conversation at all. Her quiet sister was not looking too pleased with the topic either. "That girl saved my life, can we stop acting like she's just a sexual spark to feed our needs? She saved me from a disaster bigger than the mistakes I've made in the past." Irina finally had enough. "Sorry." Tanya reached over and squeezed Irina's hand gently before putting both hands back on the steering wheel. "She saved me." Irina repeated quietly and Kate's expression was more serious as well. "She did, and I can't possibly thank her enough for that sis. Nothing would be the same without you." Kate told her and Tanya couldn't help but agree. That loss was a horrifying nightmare and even though they avoided it, Tanya still found herself aching at the thought. Tanya made up her mind to call Esme about a visit. They needed to thank Bella in person, to meet her. Since they had to go to Washington anyhow next month, they might as well see if there was any way to repay Bella for what she'd done for them. EMMETT POV Alice was having a vision and Emmett glanced over from his video game to see her when Edward made a snorting laugh at what he was seeing. "Good, she should try to have a normal life." "What are you talking about?" Emmett could see something a little vindictive in Edward's eyes and Alice came too with a hint of a frown on her lips. "Bella has a date with a normal human boy." Edward flung that out and walked out of the room, but Emmett turned to give Rose a concerned look, not liking that. "She wouldn't do that." He told his wife quietly. "It's not really a date, she's just going to the movies." Alice added. "Because going to the movies isn't a date?" Rose hissed out and Emmett didn't like the way she just stared at her own hands. "No, no, she wouldn't do that. Emmett's right, the girl doesn't like young boys at all." "Right, whatever he might think it is, she won't be interested." Alice spoke up. "And he's human; our little body snatcher can't really date a human. That would be a waste of all her coolness." Emmett added with a hint of a smile. "If she really wanted to date a human, wanted that," Rose sighed. "Well, I better come up with something to do when we get her back." The way Rose sat up a little had Emmett relax, because his Rose wasn't giving up at the first sign of a 'human life' for his Bells. That was good, because that boring life Bells was talking about having was horrible and the girl had no interest in the one Rose would step aside for. "Have you thought we could go back to the cabin on that beach?" Emmett started to say, but then they could hear Esme coming back from her hunt, talking to someone. Emmett took a moment to listen and couldn't hear a second person, so Esme had to be on the phone. "That's wonderful. We'll see you then." Esme said while coming up to the front door and she was hanging up as she entered the house. "The Denali's will be here next month. I told them they should stay the week." "Nice, the single vegetarian vampires are coming." Edward spoke as he came back downstairs and Emmett gave him a dirty look, understanding what he was insinuating. "Oh god." Rose said so quietly only Emmett likely heard her and he gave her a concerned look and reached out to touch her hand.