pain." Jessica snipped. I briefly glanced at the pair and noticed the brunette staring at me in confusion. She turned away whispering something in the blondes ear as they too walked to the table and joined the other Cullen's. "Dr. Cullen is like this foster dad slash match maker." "Maybe he'll adopt me." Angela said with a smile. "Who's he?" Bella asked and I mentally groaned as another Cullen walked through the door. He was a looker. Tall, athletic build. Brunette. He was extremely pale, but then again so were his siblings. "That's Edward Cullen, he's totally gorgeous, obviously; but apparently nobodies here is good enough for him." she said the last part bitterly. I turned my head to the side to hide my smile. I wondered when he had exactly turned her down. "Like I care, you know, so yeah." Bella and I looked over at the Cullen's table, watching them. The weird feeling I had about them didn't go away. "Seriously like don't waste your time." "I waste planning on it." we said. I decided that gracing them with another glance and caught them all looking this way. My eyes widened and I quickly looked away a blush staining my cheeks at being caught. Mike was generous enough to walk us to our next class which was biology. "Mr. Malina." Mike said. "Hey Mike." The teacher answered. Bella and I stood in front of a huge fan, our hair blowing wildly around us. Bella and I noticed Edward sitting at a lab table by himself. Edward suddenly went rigid in his seat, and put his hand over his face like he smelled something horrible. I frowned at looked at Bella, she was also wearing a frown. Mr. Malina gave us our books and told us both to sit next to Edward. It was then I noticed everyone was in groups of three. I meet his eyes again, the strangest expression adorning his features. It was hostile, furious even. I looked away going red in the face. I sat at the end of the table forcing Bella to sit between us. I was starting to think that maybe Jessica left out the teeny tiny part about him being completely mental. I noticed Bella simply just staring at him. Wow she was bolder than I gave her credit for. He scooted the jar over with barely trained disgust while Bella was sniffing her hair in confusion. I leaned over to grab the jar from him and his hand flashed away so I wouldn't touch him. My hand froze mid air. And I blinked my eyes a couple of time before I shook my head. I didn't see what I think I saw, that was impossible. This guy's freaky behavior was really starting to mess with me. After Bella finished sniffing her hair, which I thought was a ridiculous action; she always uses strawberry shampoo just like I used blackberry and vanilla. Our hair smelled wonderful. I glanced at her to see her staring at him and he returning her gaze before full on glaring at me. I frowned but held his cold gaze. What the hell did I do? I stared at him in confusion before I noticed just how dark his eyes were. They weren't dark; they were like freaky minion slash alien pitch black. I snapped my head to the front. The hairs on my neck standing on edge. I felt his eyes burning into me as class droned on. Out of nervous habit I slipped my hand into Bella's she gave it a reassuring squeeze. I was about to let go of my restraint and spare him a glare of my own when he shot out of his seat making his way towards the door. The bell rang seconds after. Bella and I watched him for a moment before getting up ourselves. "Please tell me, I'm not the only that felt his hostility towards us?" I said to her as we walked towards the office. Bella nodded. "Weird." "Hell yes it was weird, not to mention rude. I mean he looked at us like we murdered his puppy or something." Bella shook her head. "Well the day is almost over with; hopefully it's not too late to change out." "Finally, I had high hopes that I would in fact enjoy every class, but if I have to sit next to someone that hates me-" I stopped as Bella opened the office door, my eyes widening as I saw Edward taking to a lady, he wanted to switch out, the same thing we were trying to do. Unfortunately the lady was saying that it wasn't possible. As if somehow sensing our arrival he turned to glare at us. He grabbed his coat and walked away from her. "Fine, I'll just have to endure it." he growled and stormed past us. "He really hates us doesn't he?" I whispered before turning around and walking back out the door. I practically sprinted to Bella's truck. I did it in heels, so yes, I was in a hurry. I stood against the truck by myself staring up at the sky, when I felt eyes burning into me. I frowned wiping my eyes of the water that had filled them. I looked around the parking lot for a while trying to figure out who was staring at me when I noticed them. The small brunette girl named Alice and Mr. rude himself. Edward. They were the ones staring at me. I raised an eyebrow. What? What was with all the staring? I had half a mind to walk over there and demand an explanation, but that feeling that something was off with the Cullen's stopped me dead in my tracks. They continued to stare with confusion etch across there features. Luckily Bella appeared with the keys and we were off. "This town is weirder than what it used to be…" I mumbled as I watched the two Cullen's watch us drive away.