softly. "As irristiable as you are, not this time, sweetheart," Edward grinned wickedly. "Ugh fine," I grunted as I tore my hand away from his. "What was that for?" Edward gasped in surprise. "You won't tell me," I said simply. "Bella," Edward protested. I leaned up against the edge of the seat, and closed my eyes. Edward let out a frustrated sigh before letting out a chuckle. I drifted into unconsciousness. EPOV A moment after she slipped into sleep, I called an flight attendent over. "Can I have a blanket for her?" I questioned softly, so I wouldn't wake the angel sleeping beside me. "Of course," she nodded. She handed me a blanket, and I carefully bundled Bella in the blanket. I shifted her towards me, I knew she was simply playing around when she ripped her hand away from mine. Plus, I knew the current position she was in was going to give her a neck ache. Whenever she had to fly alone, she always complained about sleeping incorectly on the plane resulting in neck pain. Her head smoothly fell on my shoulder like it belonged there. I peered down in wonder at the woman who was now my wife. The word slipped out of my lips so easily. I never thought I'd be a married man. The thought of marriage and commitment seemed unrealistic until Bella fell into my arms. When the preacher asked me if I'd take her to be my wife, I nearly interrupted him. I had been practicing those two words since our first kiss. The promise fell off my lips like an answered prayer. She was my answered prayer. She was a gift I didn't deserve, she could have been with any man, yet she chose me. She could have gone with a Romeo, or a Prince Charming, but she didn't. Instead, of all people, she fell in love with me. For so long I could never imagine this woman could love me the same way I loved her. Every day, she's proved it to me. After a trying day, when I think everything has gone to shit, she's waiting with open arms. She's accepted my faults and my past without hesitation. When I told Emmett that I planned to write my own vows he looked at me like I had lost my mind. Emmett lamented that it took him days to write his vows. When it came time to write my vows, I wrote the first draft on a napkin; it took me fifteen minutes. I had been planning what I could say in my vows the moment I proposed. Bella did not have her wedding planned when she was five, like most women did. She didn't have it planned when she was fifteen, either. Instead, she thought she would never get married. She was the woman every man dreamed of marrying. Bella had her wedding planned by Alice. To be completely honest, I never planned my wedding either. Her eyes would be like Christmas lights that deserved to be seen all year. As she walked towards me, I would be drunk in her foosteps. I didn't know what my wedding what my wedding would be like, or the woman I married would be like. However, that was until I fell in love with Bella. I knew the woman of my dreams would clumsily walk down the aisle to me, even though it would seem like she was gliding down the aisle for me. She would have an earth-shattering smile as she walked proudly with her father. She would rival every angel in Heaven as her eyes met mine. The crowd would vanish and pale next to her. And I was right, I was trying to memorize her every moment she spent walking towards me. When she slipped her hand into mine, I felt like every disappointment and heart break was worth it. I hoped to keep her vows imprinted in my memory. Her expression as she read her vows with such emotion tilted me on my axis. I would look at her like she was the stars in the sky, because this woman is my whole universe. I looked down and carefully took her hand in mine. I gazed at her rings, and I smiled. Ever since I took her home to meet my parents, I dreamed of the day I could call her my wife. Esme and Carlisle beamed at me, because they knew. Bella insisted on a simple wedding band, so she had a platinum band scattered with small diamonds. Emmett warned me my ring would feel strange on my hand for the first few weeks, but so far it felt like it belonged. I fiddled with the simple silver wedding band on my left hand. The ring was a sign of my eternal commitment to her, one that I was sure I would keep. As Bella shifted in my arms, I was reminded how strong she was. Despite her past and her reluctance to love, she loved me unconditionally. She wasn't perfect, in fact she was the exact opposite. She's as clumsy as a newborn foal, she burns dinner often, she's terrible with directions, she chews her lip all the time, she can't walk in heels, but she's Bella. She's hit almost every curb in New York City with my Volvo, but she's too damn cute to stay mad at. She was my forever in a numbered amount of days. I promised to her and myself that I would remind her every day how loved she is and how beautiful she is to me. As the pilot's echoed through the plane informing us that we were at our destination, I could barely contain my excitement. I kissed Bella's forehead tenderly. "We're here, sweetheart," I whispered in her ear. She stirred before her gorgeous brown eyes met mine, and in that moment I couldn't be more excited to start our journey into forever. Review and tell me what y'all think!