loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more As the crescendo of the music hits, I launch myself into a Russian split jump, two in total, then sliding into a lay back spin. And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more As Chord's lyrics fade in my head, the instrumental still plays for the audience, so I lean back into my spin, raising my hands over my head, bringing them down to cover my heart as I glide out of my spin, dragging my foot behind me to bring me to a stop. I keep my hand over my heart, just like Chord did as we fell asleep in each other's arms after he sang for me. I feel the tears on my cheeks. No matter what the scores say, no matter what color is hanging around my neck when the final scores are announced ...I'm happy. I did it on my terms, for me. I glide to center ice and take my bows, letting the tears flow. I look over to the section I know my mom and dad are sitting in and I blow them kisses, mouthing I love you to them. Thanking them for letting me do this on my terms. I make my way back to the boards where Esme is standing with the door open, as well as her arms. "I've never seen you perform it better, darling girl." She tells me through her own tears. She guides me over to the kiss and cry area, sitting down in front of the cameras to wait for my scores. She hands me my phone and I look down to see his message. You take my breath away. ~Chord I look up into the camera and say the words to the world I have been waiting to say for the past four years. "I love you, Chord." Suddenly the crowd erupts and my scores flash onto the screens. Solid all the way across, and they put me in first are no more skaters left to compete, I was the last one. I look at Esme, who now has tears in her eyes. We hug each other. I did it, I got my gold medal. After a few moments of laughing and crying with each other, I am whisked away to do short interviews for the TV stations. Finally, I am getting called out to the ice to step on the podium. I step onto the highest one and wait. The official brings my gold medal and places it around my neck, then hands me my bouquet of flowers and kisses me on my cheek. I turn and place my hand over my heart as the US national anthem places. I sing along and just let my tears flow. After I leave the ice, I finally get to hug my mom and dad. Alice and Rose get in a quick hug before I am again taken to the press room for more interviews. I am sitting at the long table, my bouquet sitting in front of me, my medal hanging around my neck, I answer questions about the journey to get here, about my relationship with Esme. When Esme speaks up and says one final question, I see a big burly man stand in the back. I recognize him as Emmett McCarty from Sports Illustrated. "Bells!" He booms out. "I had the honor of interviewing you when you were fourteen years old. And now, here you are a beautiful woman. It has been an honor to watch your journey. Your music switch was somewhat of a controversy. Can you explain why you made the choice to debut a new routine and why did you choose that music?" "Hi Emmett. It's great to see you too. You've always been so kind to me." He smiles at me and nods. "This particular piece of music was played for me about eight months ago by someone very special to me. This person wrote that song and the lyrics that go with it for me while watching me skate. The moment I heard it, I knew if I made it to the Olympics, I had to skate to that music. So, I took the leap and started choreographing it and working it during practices. It was a risk, but a risk I was willing to take to bring my Olympic and skating career to a close." "So, this is it? You're done with skating?" Emmett asks. "Competing, yes. Skating, never. I'll do some tour stops, some pro shows here and there. But, I've put my life on hold for so long, it's time I started living it." I said with a smile. I look down and over to Esme, letting her know I'm ready to leave. "Who's Chord?" I heard a sweet ,velvety voice ask from the back. My head snaps up. My eyes franticly searching for his face in the sea of reporters. It can't be him. With a shaky voice I say, "He is the man who holds my heart." "The one you're ready to start a new journey with?" The velvety voice asks again. "Without a doubt!" I reply. Then suddenly, I see Emmett move to the side with a smirk on his face and Chord steps forward. Murmured voices of 'Edward Masen!' 'Oh my God, it's rock god Edward Masen' ring out, followed by hundreds of camera flashes. "I'm so proud of you, Blade!" He says, walking towards me with open arms. Thanking the lord I changed into my sneakers, I stand up and climb over the table and run into his arms. As he catches me and I wrap my legs around his waist, I cup his face with my hands and softly kiss his lips. Finally, I'm home. Finally, our love story can be heard around the world.