I be of service?" And older man said with a slight accent. Jacob paused and heard the man ask, "Hello?" "Hi, uh... My name is Jacob and... Uh. I'm sorry." Jacob said nervously. "Jacob?" The man inquired. "Yes. I was told to look up Williams in the phone book..." Jacob trailed off and cleared his throat. He sounded like a complete ass. He doesn't even understand why he was so nervous. The older man laughed, "Is this the same Jacob that lives in La Push?" "Uh, yes. But how-" Jonesy cut him off, "You'll find that not many things get passed this old man. Odette told me all about you. She was getting frightfully worried about you since you hadn't called since you left." Jacob bit his lip, "Oh. I didn't mean to not call. It's just that I had some... Issues to deal with first. Is it alright if I speak to Odd? I mean, Odette?" The older man laughed, "She prefers Odd, but Odette is such a beautiful name to waste with such a horrid nickname. But that's besides the point. I'm afraid you just missed her. She is actually on the way to La Push and should be there this evening. I had looked for a hotel in that area but only found a house for rent in Forks. So, naturally I bought the house." Jacob opened and closed his mouth, but no words formed. They bought a house? The only house he knew of that was on sale in Forks was Charlie's. She was coming to Forks? They bought a house in Forks? Who were these people? As if sensing his confusion and nervousness, Jonesy spoke up, "We are an old family. There isn't much to do here in this forest and Odette was such a lonely girl. When she requested to leave to Forks I jumped on the idea. Of course I did send Alphonse with her... Anyway, I appreciate the call. Please do call again to inform me Odette is there. Thank you, buh-bye." Jacob heard the dial tone and stared at the phone in wonder. What the actual fuck? When realization came to him, he scrambled out the door and phased. 'Hey what's got you all worked up?' Jared thought. Jacob ignored Jared and thought of Charlie's house in Forks, 'I need to check something out.' 'At the old Swan residence? You do know that someone bought that house a few weeks ago. I heard Charlie talking about how they sent a full wired payment before he could even say "Yes."' Paul snorted, 'Fucking people with all the money.' Jacob snarled, 'Shut the fuck up, Paul.' Paul growled, 'How about you make me, asshole.' 'Hey guys, calm down. Paul, leave Jake alone.' Jared said, cutting through the tension in the pack link. As Jacob made it to Forks, he saw the light on in Bella's old house. She was here. He could smell her. Her scent was like the ocean. Calm and tranquil. His mind flashed back to the alcove again and Odd's face. He broke out of his reverie as he made it to the house and heard the violin playing. Jacob stopped and sat at the door and phased. He grabbed the cutoff that were tied around his legs and lulled them on. He turned the door knob and to his excitement and worry, it was unlocked. Doesn't she know that she should lock the door? The violin stopped playing, "Jacob?" Her small, sweet voice asked. Jacob licked his lips and turned to the living room where Odette was sitting on a stool, her violin in her hands, a big dog sitting at her feet. She looked exactly the same. Her wild red hair was tied back, she was wearing her white shirt and blue jeans and her eyes were still closed. Jacob smiled and raced over to her, "Hey Odd." She smiled in his direction and out her violin down, "Hey." She said softly. She looked nervous, "I was wondering..." She paused. Jacob looked at her, "What's wrong?" "Could I... Would you mind if I wanted to see you?" Odd bit her lip. "See me?" Jacob asked, confused. Odd nodded, "Well it's just I never got to see you before and I... Anyway, do you mind?" She asked as she rose her hands as if to touch him. Jacob immediately understood and grabbed her hands to lead them to his face. He was wholly unprepared for what happened next. Odd opened her eyes as she roamed his face, her small fingers tracing his eyebrows down to his nose. She touched his lips and his chin. As she touched his face, Jacob stopped breathing and looked at Odd's unseeing eyes. They were a pale green, almost filmy white. It was at that moment that Jacob imprinted. All he could see was Odette, nothing else matters except for this tiny little woman. she was his air, his gravity and he began to shake from the force of it. As if feeling the shift in him, Odette paused in her exploration. She began to close her eyes again and Jacob found that he never wanted her to close them. He realized how close they had gotten since she started. He was close enough to kiss her. He ran his fingers across her jaw and she smiled. "I did feel that, you know. I remembered the stories you told me and wondered... Well, you did imprint on me, didn't you?" "Yes," Jacob breathed. He closed the distance between their faces and kissed her. Her lips were soft and pliable under his and he couldn't get enough. He breathed him her scent and kissed her harder, his hands wrapping themselves around her and into her hair. As Jacob kissed her, he felt all his unease melt away. He slowed his kiss and ended with a peck on her lips, "Will you play for me?" He asked gently. Odette opened her eyes and smiled, "Of course."