watching the whole exchange, a look of confusion plastered across my face as my Grandpa turned from an interrogating menace into a best friend before my eyes. Rosalie handed Grandpa his box and he sprawled it out on the coffee table, Edward leaning in closer now to get a better look. "These are some of the projects we're working on at the Civil War Club." Grandpa suddenly looked at Edward, a light bulb metaphorically appearing above his head. "Would you be willing to come down one evening and talk to the club about your experiences, seeing as you the only person we have who was actually involved?" "I'd love to!" Edward exclaimed as he and Grandpa became locked into a conversation focusing on the civil war. After a few minutes Rosalie gestured for me to leave the room with her and I did so gratefully, my head spinning with all the new developments. Once in the kitchen Rosalie placed the kettle on and turned to look at me. "What is going on?" She asked, a bewildered look on her face. "I have no idea," I told her, glad that she was just as confused as me. "Just as I was sure Grandpa was just about to declare Edward public enemy number one, suddenly they're best friends!" "I'm just as confused as you are," I told her, leaning against the counter and peering back into the living room to see that Grandpa had now taken my place on the loveseat and Edward and he were pouring over the old photos and news articles. Rosalie came and stood next to me. "Looks like Grandpa's found a new friend," She said and she giggled and began to serve a round of tea. By the time Grandpa and Edward had finished bonding over their love of the civil war, it was well past two in the morning. They organised when Edward would give his speech at the club and Edward thought he even had a few pictures that would help the club with their future projects. To say Grandpa was excited was an understatement. "Come on you," Rosalie said and she helped Grandpa up the stairs, ready to get him settled for the night. "It's way past your bedtime." "Sorry mom " Grandpa teased, a twinkle in his eye. "It was nice to meet you Edward," Grandpa shouted as Rose attempted to herd him up the stairs. "You too," Edward called. "Sorry about him," I said to Edward as we walked towards the front door. "He gets really excited when it comes to the civil war." "It's alright, if I can help him I will." We both stood on the porch for a few minutes, the only sounds coming from nature. "Do you want to come to dinner with me?" Edward asked after I'd performed a thorough inspection of the floor. "Really?" I asked; it was foolish but I had to make sure I'd just heard what he said correctly. "Yes. It would be to thank you for saving my life," Edward began and I tried to curb the disappointment that it wouldn't be anything more. "And maybe a date?" I looked at him and a smile formed on my face. "I'd like that." Edward nodded and smiled. "Wait, what are you going to do while I eat?" "Watch you." There was an awkward silence when we both realised that what he had said had been incredibly creepy. Edward looked at me with wide eyes. "I didn't mean for that to sound as creepy as it did. I just meant that I wouldn't eat obviously and you would…" He trailed off and I let out a little giggle. It was rather sweet seeing him all flustered. "It's alright. I understood what you meant. Won't that be a little boring for you though?" I wondered and he shook his head. "Not really. Besides it will allow me time to get to know you better." "You want to get to know me better?" I asked, feeling my signature hot blush make its way onto my face. "I think I'm going to enjoy it," He told me and the blush got worse. "I'll pick you up at nine then?" I nodded and he smiled. "Till tomorrow." He gave a little bow and I giggled as he then zoomed off into the night. I stood outside for a few more minutes, allowing the cool night air to chill my red face. When I walked back in, I leaned against the door, allowing a wide smile to cover my face. "That looks like a date smile," Rosalie noted as she came down the stairs. "It might be," I told her, feeling happy, nervous and excited all at the same time. Rosalie raised her eyebrow at me – she knew I had a date, she could read me like a book. "Well, whatever has caused that smile, give them my thanks," she said as she walked into the kitchen and got herself a drink. "Why give them your thanks?" I asked as I began to follow her to her room that was on the ground floor. She took a sip of her water, a smile playing on her lips. "Because maybe when you've had a good fuck; your thoughts won't be as melancholic as they have been." My jaw dropped open at her brazenness and I felt my blush creep back up, spreading across my chest and my cheeks. Rosalie giggled at my reaction before she waved her fingers at me, "Sleep well sweetie." She disappeared into her room. I shook my head at her antics and headed upstairs to my bedroom. I went through my usual bedtime routine, brushing my teeth, washing my face, brushing my hair before I finally crawled in between the cool sheets. My back hit the mattress and I felt my whole body begin to relax. The last thought before I went to sleep was of a pair of green eyes staring deeply into mine.