trying to be nice." "Hmmm.." James thought about my answer, and we continued eating. "What do you think?" I asked James. We'd been friends long enough that he knew exactly what I meant by this. "I think he looks kind of Emo," James shot a glance over at Edward, who was sitting with four other people at this point, "but if you are even a little interested in him, I think you shouldn't give up just yet." James moved his hand up and down his own bust. "I don't exactly look like a wholesome pick do I?" "Solid point." I nodded with a grin. "He is really handsome." Then I placed my hand gently against James' cheek . "Though not nearly as handsome as you of course." I followed it up by batting my eyelashes He slapped my hand away, laughing, "Shut up." James grabbed his milk. "I wonder who he's sitting with?" I turned slightly to get a better look at the group and replied, "Well judging by their equally good looks and inhumanly pale skin, I would say brothers and sisters." "Wonder where there from?" "Forks, Washington." I answered matter-of-factly. "How do you know?" "Edward said so in English." "Hmmm." James shrugged and looked down at his empty plate sadly, then over at my half-eaten lunch. I didn't miss the pleading, hungry look in his eyes. "Go ahead," I sighed happily, shoving my tray toward him. "So bonfire at your house this weekend right?" James asked, wolfing down the remnants of my lunch. "Absolutely. Friday night at eight. Usual crowd." "Sweet! I'll bring the tunes." "'Kay and let everyone know they need to bring their own drinks. But no alcohol, or my brother will whoop their ass in a heartbeat. Oh, and let's leave your Indie Rock collection at home." "Got it," he sighed in disappointment. Ring! "See ya later James," I said pushing out my chair and letting James take the two empty trays to the dishwasher. "Yes you will." He winked and shot me with a "hand gun". My loud laughs echoed through the cafeteria as I strolled off. Two more classes with guess who? Yup Edward Cullen. I swear if our schedules weren't carefully designed by the guidance counselor and a specialized computer program, I'd confront him for stalkish behavior. Finally, the end of the day neared. I walked down to the music hall where my last two classes were held, choir and band. In choir, the first item on Mr. Hart's agenda was to divide us into voice parts. As usual, I was placed in the Soprano II section. Whether by luck or by fate, I have no clue, one of the girls sitting with Edward at lunch was also placed in the same section as me in the seat on my right. On my other side was one of my friends, Brianna Clay. "Hey Muse," Brianna nudged my shoulder as a greeting. "Hey," I replied, still somewhat distracted by the new girl. Brianna, noticing where my attention lay, tapped the new girl on the shoulder. She turned to face us. "Muse," she moved her gaze to the new girl, "This is Alice Cullen." I turned slightly in my chair to look straight at the girl. She was tall with brown hair in a pixie cut, porcelain skin, and she wore a pair of skinny jeans, an army green t-shirt, a brown leather pilot's jacket, and a pair of brown leather high-heeled boots. For a second, I felt like I was about to approach a supermodel but quickly shook the feeling away. "Hi. I'm Musette. You're new here right?" She smiled brightly. I couldn't help but notice that she also had the same golden eyes as Edward. "Yeah. My family and I just moved here." "Nice to meet you, Alice," I responded, relaxing a little now that I knew she wasn't going to blow me off like Edward did. "What year are you?" "I'm a Senior. Actually, so are all my brothers and sisters." My jaw dropped. "Wow. So you're like quintuplets or something?" She giggled. Her laugh sounded like a bell tinkling. "No, no. Adopted. Our mom couldn't have kids of her own, so her and our dad adopted us one by one." "Gotcha." I nodded understandingly. Now it makes sense. They weren't actually related; though I had to admit It still seemed kinda wrong. On that note, the director caught the class's attention, and we spent the remainder of the class going through three or four of the songs he'd chosen for our first concert. Just before the bell rang, Brianna leaned over in her chair. "So Muse? Bonfire on Friday right." "Yeah." Taking notice of the interest on Alice's face, I explained, "My friends and I always have a bonfire the first week of school at my house." Alice nodded a little, "That sounds like fun." The bonfire wasn't exclusive, and as hostess I felt it would only be right to extend the invitation. "It's Friday at eight o'clock. Would you wanna come?" "Sure love to," Alice exclaimed, bouncing in her seat. "Okay girl. Calm down." I stifled a snigger at her overwhelming excitement. "I live out on Pine Avenue, east of town. It's the only house on that road, so you can't miss it." "Great! I can't wait!" she shrieked and got up to leave. Brianna grabbed her by the shoulder to stop her. She turned back around, still smiling. "Oh and you're brothers and sisters are invited too, if they want to come." Brianna had taken the words right out of my mouth. "I'll let them know," she promised and skipped out the door. Author's Note: I hope the first chapter was enjoyable. I started writing this to build up a more fun, relatable female character. I intend for this story to have comedy, romance, and horror. Much more excitement to come. And reviews inspire me and keep me writing/posting my chapters faster, so please leave your feedback. Thanks.