joined me. That's when everything changed. It was more than I could have asked for. I only wanted Embry to take me on a date, maybe make out in the back of my truck but this. Standing my ground, I challenged him and our eyes met. That's all it took. Everything changed and I'll admit, I really couldn't complain about it. Embry POV Bella's hand in mine felt right. She pulled me from the fire and toward my house and I couldn't help but grin. After all these years of being wolfed-out, I never thought I'd imprint. Now here I was with my best friend's girl, pulling me, alright I was letting her tiny self pull me, toward my house. She climbed up the porch and backed up against my front door. I stalked after her and placed my hands on the door above her head, effectively creating a cage to enclose her in. I lowered my mouth to her lips and felt her teeth pulling on my bottom lip. "I thought we were going to talk?" I whispered between kisses. My hips were grinding into hers without my permission and I couldn't stop kissing her. "Talk later," Bella half whispered, half moaned. She wrapped her arms around my neck and jumped up to wrap her legs around my waist. My hands dropped from the door and gripped her bare thighs. How had I not realized she was wearing such a tiny skirt? I let out a growl and tried to open the door without taking my lips away from hers. "Bella…." I growled as she climbed down my body. Her back was to me and she pushed the door open. Once inside, she turned to face me, lifting her shirt over her head and threw it at me. Licking my lips, I kicked off my shoes by the door and reached for the button on my shorts at the same time as her skirt fell to her ankles. There she stood in just her bra and panties, grey with black spots. She planned this! My eyebrows rose in her direction conspiratorially. Bella gave an innocent shrug and ran at me. I caught her easily and walked toward my bedroom all the while receiving kisses from Bella on my neck, my shoulders, anywhere she could reach. I dropped her on my bed and admired the beauty in front of me. I didn't know where to start. She reached for me and I happily obliged. When my lips were a whisper away from hers, I maneuvered to remove her panties. I was silently thanking the pack mind for me having some game when it came to girls. Otherwise I'd be clueless. I wasn't a virgin and I knew Bella wasn't either. She hadn't told anyone who she'd lost it to though. Pushing on my chest, she reached behind her unclasped her bra, leaving her completely naked in front of me. We were even. I never wore anything under my shorts. It was pointless. "You're mine…" I whispered, placing a soft kiss to Bella's neck, my hand palming her breast. She whispered my name and her hips bucked upward against mine. The brief friction caused me to hiss out a moan. Placing a hand on her hip, I pulled her closer. "Look at me," I spoke quietly, my voice stronger than I'd ever heard it. I was hungry for her. I needed her now. She obliged, her eyes met mine and it was just like the moment we'd imprinted. I slid between her legs, she was tense and I was shaking. I tested the waters, the tip of my cock pressing between her lips, her head lolled back with a moan, so I pushed further, until I became fully seated within her. "I'm yours now.." She whimpered and wrapped her arms around my back. We found a solid rhythm that pleased us both, her nails scraped down my back and I was growling in pleasure each time her nails went any deeper. We spent the night wrapped around each other. I'd never tire of hearing Bella scream my name for all of La Push to hear. I took her in ways I didn't even know were possible. We christened my house thoroughly and if anyone came by, the scent of Bella, sex and me would attack their senses. When the sun was coming up, Bella sat between my legs on the front porch, wrapped solely in a quilt, leaned back against my chest. "Embry…" She whispered, "I don't want this night to end." "It doesn't have to," I responded. "You know we're imprinted right? This is it. It's us. Now and forever." "Forever," she laughed, "I like the aspect of forever with you more than I did with the Cullens." "You want to meet Jake and Leah for breakfast?" I asked gently. Bella nodded and got up to retrieve her clothes and I slowly followed her to do the same. Before long, we'd made our way to Sue's to find Leah and Jake already sitting down at the table eating. When we arrived a small round of applause rang out through the house. "It was a long time coming, Bells. Long time." Leah laughed and we took our place at the table, allowing Sue to spoil us with breakfast. I reached under the table and grabbed Bella's hand in mine. We had plenty of time for things like this, to do everything, and I couldn't wait to get started on our version of forever. A/N: I know I've been gone forever but I finally had a plot bunny attack me and make me sit down and write. I'm hoping this will be the gateway for me to get back to my other stories. It's NOT Beta'd. So a rough copy. Just something to get the creative juices flowing again. If you had to choose, which story would you want updated first? Dream Catcher, My Love is Yours, or Surrounded by Your Embrace?