a crime scene. We need to bag the evidence and you being here is tampering." I just looked down at this asshole who was pushing me back. Did this fucker not know who the hell I was? I noticed she was being loaded into the ambulance. I ran over to it. As they got her loaded and locked in I looked at the medic and said "I am riding with you. She is my family and I am not leaving her alone in here." As I climbed into the back and slipped into one of the seats next to her stretcher. The medic just nodded and began her IV and started checking her out. I grabbed her hand and brought it up to my mouth and kissed it. "I'm here Bella. You're safe. Come back to me Bella. Talk to me. I need to hear your voice." I pleaded with her. I felt her grip my hand "That's it baby girl, wake up. Open your eyes Bella. I need to you open your eyes." Her eye lids began to flicker, blinking at the lights above her. "I'm over here Bella. Look at me, focus on me." She turned her head and looked at me. A small smile and a tear fell down her face. "You came for me. I knew you would come for me." "Always. Bella, **ho bisogno che tu mi dica chi ha fatto questo a voi. Sai chi ti ha ferito?" I needed her to tell me who did this before she blacked out again. And I needed the medic to not know what I was saying to her. She looked up at me and said "James." I didn't know who the fuck James was, but I vowed on everything that I had I would kill him with my bare hands for doing this to her. "It hurts Edward." "I know baby, I know. We are almost to the hospital. I promise it is going to get better as soon as we get there. Just try and stay with me baby." I plead to her. "Edward, were you crying?" "Yes, you scared the living shit out of me with that phone call Bella. Then when I got here and I seen you..." I stopped as I chocked on my words. She squeezed my hand again. "Don't cry." All of a sudden we stopped moving and the back doors were thrown open and the medics were pulling Bella out. Our hands were pulled apart. "Edward, don't leave me!" She cried out, panic ringing in her voice as she reached her hand out to me. "Bella, they have to take you back and check you out" I grabbed her hand as soon as she was on the ground and I was out of the back. I ran along side of the stretcher saying, "I promise, I am not leaving. I will be right here. As soon as they let me I will be back there with you." I said kissing her hand. And like that, our hands were ripped apart again and she was being pushed into the ER room and out of my sight. "Edward?" I turned and saw Emmett and Jasper running towards me. "How is she?" Jasper asked. "She is pretty fucked up! Bruises everywhere, blood too. She gave me a name. James. Get on it. It has to be someone from one of her classes. Talk to Alice, she might know. Get her schedule, it is in my email files under Bella. She sent it to me so I knew where she would be on campus if I needed to get to her. Get a list of everyone in her classes. It shouldn't be a problem The Cullen's are a huge donor to the university." I was in boss mode. It was all I could do to not break down sobbing at this point. "And get Sam and his boys down here. I want this place full of guards. Carlisle and Esme will want to come, I need this place secure." With that Emmett and Jasper walked away. I pulled out my phone and dialed Carlisle's number. "What's wrong son?" He questioned. I could hear the sleep in his voice, but he knew something was wrong for me to be calling this late. "It's Bella. We are at the hospital. I need you and Esme to get down here. I will explain when you are here." "Is it bad?" He asked. "It isn't good dad." I could hear him take in a sharp breath. "We will be right there soon son." And them the line went dead. I ran my hand threw my hair and walked over to the seats and slumped down. She had to be OK. She had to be in my life. I couldn't live life without here. I put my hands in my head, pulling at my hair. What did you think? Can you leave me some love? **Translations: Oh Dio! Il mio cuore! Guardati! - Oh God! My Heart! Look at you! Mio figlio, posso dire siete soli. Voglio solo che tu sia felice. - My son, I can tell you are lonely. I just want you to be happy. Mio figlio - My son. Ti voglio bene, al sicuro - I love you, be safe. Si mamma, sono sempre io. Ti amo - Yes mom, I always am. I love you. Bambina - Baby girl Bambina! Bambina, sono io Edward - Baby girl, it's me Edward Ti ho preso. Ti ho preso - I got you. I got you. Ora sei al sicuro Bella. Saro sempre tenere al sicuro - You're safe now Bella. I will always keep you safe. Oh Dio! Il mio cuore! Guardati - Oh God! My Heart! Look at you! ho bisogno che tu mi dica chi ha fatto questo a voi. Sai chi ti ha ferito? - I need you to tell me who did this to you. Do you know who hurt you?