until just a few days ago." "Jacob, your mother is right." "I'm tired of waiting." Jacob bore into the eyes of his father. He had enough of feeling useless. His best friend was captured and here they were, twiddling their thumbs, waiting for a miracle. "I can't sit here and do nothing. What do you expect to happen? Bloodsuckers shrivel up and die when they run out of blood or people to kill?" Sarah's tears ran down her face. Her son had a point, but she couldn't lose another child. They heard no news of their own daughters. Bella had been so supportive and brought joy to their miserable days. With her gone, the day became much gloomier. Billy had no words. It was now or never. Jacob knows it, he knows it, he's pretty sure Sarah knows it as well. He would just prefer not to admit it. He never wanted to outlive his children. If he could, he would give his life for them, but his diabetes prevents it. Luckily, Sarah never let him skip a dose of insulin, if not he'd be wheelchair bound by now. "The pack is having a last meeting before tomorrow. I'll be home later." … "We'll be heading west as quickly as possible. Dad says there's no worry if someone sees us. I have a feeling anyone that sees us will have a hard time believing their eyes." "And what are we doing if we see a leech? Are we fighting? Or do we outrun them?" Leah needed answers, and Jacob didn't seem like he could answer all of them. They all are only teenagers. Leah hoped that at nineteen she would go away to school, maybe room with Rachel. She didn't expect for all hell to break loose. Jacob's only seventeen and he's taken command with Sam at his side. They both looked confident in their roles but Leah knows that's a cover. They're all scared with the responsibility they took up. She's responsible for her life and that of her younger brother. Seth is only fifteen, and even though she hates to acknowledge it, Sue's favorite child. Seth carries a positive aura everywhere he goes. He can't help it. His attitude helps keep the others motivated, especially Leah although she would never tell him. "I understand these meetings are to get to know each other, strategize, and plan our route, but what good is it if we can't phase and condition?" Jacob had been leading the pack meetings. Sam usually stands nearby and answers simple questions. After meeting, the two would remain in the council meeting room and strategize, but lately he felt Jacob tense more when probed. Sam knew he needed to step up and take charge as well. "You know the dangers of phasing here. I'm not so sure people would take too kindly to eight giant wolves running around the underground tunnels. When we're above ground, we'll stretch our legs and figure it out." "Is that even safe?" It was unusual if Paul didn't challenged a claim. Not that he doesn't hold faith in them, but this is his life on the line. They all need to be sure that their alpha and beta know what they're getting them into. "I don't want to be eaten before I get to see the light of day again." "No one is getting eaten, and we're not splitting up. So when we do get above ground we'll guard each other's backs." Jacob had to ease the tension in the room. Eight highly strung wolves underground didn't sound like a smart idea to him from the start. So far, they avoided a major phasing incident. He and Paul got into it and Paul phased. Paul set off Leah and before anyone else could get to angry, Jacob ordered the others out and stayed to calm the two wolves. Here, they discovered the pack mind and the two calmed each other down long enough to phase back. Later, when everyone went to sleep, Jacob and Sam practiced using the pack mind in the council meeting room. "We'll use the pack mind to communicate. We'll have eyes everywhere at all times. Two wolves will take guard at night while the others sleep and we'll switch on and off. We can't split up. There are more of them than us, so we're safer if we stay together. And we'll need to stay in wolf form at all times." "So, you said we're going west, but where exactly are we going?" "Seattle. That's where Bella's team was headed before the signal got cut." Sam answered Quil before Jacob could, knowing how upset he still is. Although, he always sensed a slight hope in Jacob's mind that they could find her. It's not hard to tell when he's thinking of her, it seems more like screaming than thinking. It's not like he isn't fond of Bella, and if they find her on the way there, they'd kill two birds with one stone. But he won't help Jacob delay their mission just to find her. More than just her life is at stake. They came to the agreement that if they have the opportunity to save her, they will, but they won't begin an official search until after the Volturi is dealt with. The rest of them didn't know of their agreement, but because of the pack mind, they'll figure it out soon enough. Jacob knew that when the time came, he'd make the right decision. He would never put his brothers, or sister, at risk. "Until we finally get there, we'll have plenty of time to run, practice our kill methods, and learn to work together. We're not just a team, we're a pack. Which also makes us family. We'll need to watch out for each other. We've got a long run ahead of us." Let me know if this is something I should continue and leave me a review. This is a work in progress.