love you" I looked up at him "You know I do, it's…it's just not like that anymore." "Then what the fuck is it like?!" he didn't say anything, he just looked down, ashamed. "I hate those damn leeches." "It's not their fault." "Are you serious?!" I asked turning to him wide eyed "They're the reason we turned into this!" "Yes. I know." he said "look they've proven they're not here to cause any trouble haven't they?" "Yea, except for the fact that they want to turn that little leech lover into one of them and break the treaty!" "You know Edward wants everything but that for bells." I glared at him. "So you're letting them off the hook?" "I never said that either. My duty…our duty, is to protect our tribe, no matter what." I looked down at my feet. " I swear to you Lee Lee, nothing will ever happen to you…I'll protect you as long as I live." The promise he had made me what seemed ages ago played in my head, also broken. "Tell me…Sam." I whispered looking up at his face as I moved closer to him. "Do you still love me?" I slowly, carefully, placed my hand on his bare hot chest, where his heart was "Really, truly…love me?" I asked not sure if he wanted to look up at him, much less hear his answer. " Lee Lee." He whispered reaching up to hold my hand, the one on his chest. I looked up at him with furrowed eyebrows. When I heard him call me by my old nickname, the one he had given me when we were just kids, and with that tone of affection, tears clouded my eyes again and I stood up on my tippy toes. I pressed my lips softly to his. I felt like I was as cold as those leeches, and now the warmth of Sam's lips was making its way through my body again. Then I felt whole again, felt as if nothing had ever happened, and we were back in high school again. He kissed me back the way he did after the first time he told me he loved me, and I in return was in love all over again. But within a heart beat, I was back to feeling cold. I felt him push me away, my body slamming into the wall behind me. In front of me, Sam stood glaring at me, his hands balled up into fists at his sides. "Don't you dare…ever do that again." He told me in a deep angry voice that made me flinch. "I—I'm sorry." Great. I was the one apologizing now. "How many times have I told you Leah? It's not like high school anymore. You're not my girlfriend. I don't love you, not like that, now you're more, well, more like a…sister." He told me slowly calming down, and I in return, cringed at his words. "Great." I said through clenched teeth "That's what I've always wanted to be," I whispered "your fucking sister." The words came out cold. My body began to vibrate, eyes watery. He sighed and walked to me. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me to his chest. I felt so vulnerable and broken, that instead of pushing his away after hurting me once more, I just automatically wrapped my arms around him too and softly cried into his chest. "I truly, truly, am sorry Lee Lee. From the bottom of my heart, but you'll move on. I know you will." He said placing his cheek at the top of my head. "I can't." I told him sobbing softly now. He pulled away from me slightly and looked down to meet my eyes. "Can't or won't?" he asked rhetorically. I looked at him with furrowed eyebrows and thought about it. Maybe…Maybe he was right… "Sam!" Seth yelled bursting through the door. We immediately pulled away from each other. I looked at Seth wide eyed. "What is it Seth?" Sam asked coolly, again, as if nothing had just happened. "It's Jacob. He's leaving." He told him alarmed. Sam took a deep breath and looked down deciding what to do. "Alright…stay here. I'll go talk to him." "He phased, and he's running." "Great. Just—Just stay here." He said leaving the room immediately. "Are you ok Leah?" my younger brother asked me. "No I don't think so." I whispered to him as I sat on the bed, tears clouding my eyes again. "What is it?" he asked walking to sit next to me. Ha. As if he didn't know already. "Nothing, just…you wouldn't understand." I told him biting my lip to keep it from trembling. "Aww I'm sorry Leah." He told me wrapping his arms around me. I smiled faintly and hugged him back, pressing my cheek to the top of his head. "Is there anything I can do to help?" he asked "No. No I don't expect you to know how to fix a broken heart." Everyday I sit here waiting Everyday just seems so long And now I've had enough of all the hating Do we even care, it's so unfair Any day it'll all be over Everyday there's nothing new And now I just try to find some hope To try and hold onto But it starts again It'll never end I'm heavily broken And I don't know what to do Can't you see that I'm choking And I can't even move When there's nothing left to say What can you do I'm heavily broken And there's nothing I can do Ok! Well there's the first chapter! I'm so excited! That flashback there about prom…yea I was going to make that a full blown lemon, but I have a couple friends who are a little sensitive. *coughs*Sese!*coughs* But no worries. There will be lemons in the future, so rating may go up. Read and review, and I'll try to get the next chapter up as soon as possible. -ShotAcrossTheSky