his cue. He wheeled his bike to the starting gate, leaving his phone back in his trailer. He mounted his bike and pulled on his helmet. His heart raced as he started his bike and revved it, casting a glance at his opponents. Emmett gave him the two finger salute down the line, winking, before sliding on his helmet. Edward's eyes met Villapoto's, smirking beneath his helmet as Villapoto winked. Edward's gloved fingers flexed around the throttle, his eyes focusing on the track in front of him. The gate fell, and the bikes shot forward. The crowd went wild, but Edward saw none of that, his focus was on the track and his opponents. He shifted on his bike, skirting around the curve with his foot dragging behind, and getting ahead of Emmett. He grinned behind his mask, casting a quick glance behind him to see Villapoto right on his ass. Clearing the jump, he groaned as Villapoto gained on him again. He coiled over the handle bars and yanked his throttle, neck to neck with him. As the finish line appeared in his line of sight, he pushed harder, his bike flying across the tracks, over each jump. Villapoto shot past him at the last turn and cleared the checkered flag, leaving Edward in second. Edward slid his bike to a stop beside Villapoto and took off his helmet, shaking his head. "Couldn't let me have this one, could you?" Villapoto laughed, shaking his head. "What fun would that be?" Emmett's boisterous laugh caught both biker's attention. "Man, that was awesome. It looked like you had the devil sitting on your neck. You were on fire!" He clapped Edward hard on his shoulder. Edward took his trophy gracefully, waving it over his head at the crowd. He hadn't achieved his goal, but he was focused on the next race, committed to win. They cheered and clapped, but his gaze was on the stands, following Emmett's. He was pointing his finger at a blonde in the crowd, but what caught Edward's attention was the beautiful brunette at her side, her eyes locked on his from behind her glasses. His arm lowered and his brow furrowed. There was something familiar about her, but he couldn't place her. His attention was diverted by the announcer clapping him on the shoulder, congratulating him on the race. Edward followed his fellow competitors off the tracks, his bike at his side, his limbs tired. The reporter from Sports Channel stopped him at the gates, her tits bunching under her tight shirt. A few days ago, Edward would have leered at her like he'd done many times, but now she was slightly irritating him. "Edward, you were on fire on the tracks tonight. You came so close to the winning trophy, but Villapoto beat you to it. What went through your head as you saw him pass you on the last turn, taking first place?" She thrust her mic at him, her hazel eyes glimmering. A few girls screamed his name, and Edward lazily looked at their direction, smirking and waving, before turning back to Brooke, the reporter. "Brooke, you know I'm all about winning and every one of my opponents made it worthwhile. It'll be tough as the competition continues." He hadn't answered her question directly, but he wasn't the type to talk down his opponent, and he knew that was what she wanted. Brooke smiled, a slight hint of irritation on her face. "It sure was a close race today. Thank you for your time, and congratulations. Best of luck in the next race." He grinned at her. "Thank you, Brooke. Always a pleasure." Three girls with short shorts and spaghetti-strap shirts ran over to him. Edward smiled, wanting nothing more than to go back to his trailer and check his messages, wanting, needing to hear from Bella. "Edward. Edward, can we take a picture with you?" He smiled diligently, winked and wrapped his arms around two of the girls. "Any time, ladies." He could swear he heard them sigh dreamily. Each girl stood beside him for a picture, their boobs pressed against his arm and their lips on his cheeks. He cursed Bella again. If he hadn't met her, he would have taken these girls and celebrated with them. But his body ached for Bella's touch, wanting to celebrate with her instead. "Anything else you need, you just let us know," the blonde offered, twirling her hair between her fingers. Edward nodded and grinned at her. "I will definitely let you know." After a few more interviews and pictures with groupies, Edward finally collapsed onto the couch in his trailer and checked his messages, his heart thrumming in his chest as he read Bella's response. BELLA: Congratulations! She had been here, watching him. His mind raced, his body straightened and his eyes searched the area through the small window, knowing he wouldn't find her. He needed to see her. EDWARD: You and me. Room 412. 2 hours. I'll leave the lights off. He left no room for argument. She wanted him like he wanted her, he knew it, felt it. Edward's grin widened as he read her response and his cock hardened. He intended to fuck her out his system. As simple as that sounded, there was a small doubtful voice inside, asking if that were even possible. BELLA: Ok. 2 hours. His hand scrubbed over his mouth, excitement and adrenaline surging through his veins. His phone buzzed again. His eyes widened. BELLA: Lights on. A/N: Yes, this will be expanded. I just don't know when I'll be able to update. I'm asking for patience my dear readers. My RL is busy, even tho I would love to write the entire day, my job is demanding. Thanks for sticking with me if you do. Thank you to you that read, reviewed and voted for this story in the contest. You are truly amazing. I look forward to reading more of your thoughts. :)