him how it made her happy too, how much he makes her happy. Instead she gnawed at her lip to trap any words that threatened to involuntarily escape and listened. "Our first date...I just want to treat you like you deserve, make sure I can give you whatever you want when the time comes. Which was actually going to be in a couple weeks...but, maybe after all this..." he gestured with a casual, but subtly awkward flick of his chin to the stage "You'd need more time". Jacob didn't anticipate Bella's quiet laugh that only increased as she leaned her head into his chest. The emotions stirring within her chest were so overwhelming she could only express one at a time. Her laughter subsided at his confusion and he couldn't hide the hurt that flickered as quick as it disappeared "Jake, I'm sorry. I'm just laughing at myself, I drove all the way here thinking you were gonna..." she left the sentence hanging with a shake of her head "Well—you know—and after everything you said and done for me this past year... I should know better and it's not like I own you or anything and you don't owe me anything ." "You don't owe me an explanation, I shouldn't have left you alone like that. I'm sorry." he pulled her closer, self blame setting in and she quickly responded to refute it. Now she knew the truth there was no way she was letting him take a fall for being so naively sweet. "You did it for our benefit. But, Jake, you know me—even better than myself sometimes— I don't need fancy dinners at lavish restaurants that serve champagne on tap or a midnight ride on a unicorn that craps gold." He snickered a little at that. "I'd be happy if it were just you and me watching cult classics and eating our weight in sweet and salted popcorn" she chuckled along with him. "Bells, you're one of a kind and I love that about you. But I just didn't want you to think that I wasn't gonna make any effort or anything. I want it to be perfect with us" "It's always perfect when I'm with you" she said the words without even thinking, but knew with her whole heart that they were true. Even all those months ago when she showed up at his garage frail, with dead eyes and a gaping hole in her chest—being his sunny, Jacob self, he made her smile, laugh and brought back the light in her eyes. He was patient and never pushed her, always letting her share when she was ready. It hardly seemed fair, he'd already given so much. Her fingers lightly ghosted the crinkled, rough wads of cash stuffed around his waistband "You should keep this for yourself" she left no room for argument "And I hope you enjoyed yourself this last week..." Jacob smirked a little at that "I was already planning on quitting today anyway" he laughed at her knitted brows and an eye roll that said ' yeah-right '. "And there just isn't enough Jacob Black to go around" he felt a small pressure that was Bella's fist colliding with his hip and he laughed even harder. Bella grinned at the beautiful sound. "You are a pretty good dancer, Jake..." "Aren't I?" he gave a mock sigh of self-appraisal that made her shake her head. A couple weeks later she'd share just how impressed she was. "But, seriously? Black Magic?" she laughed freely at his crinkled nose and sheepish grin. "Hey, it was either that or Bet on Black" she groaned even more at that and he shrugged "I know, I know" Bella knew he'd expect many jokes at his expense in the near future—which was good because she'd already reserved at least five. "Anyway, I'm glad you're quitting. And I'm gonna help you find something much more synchronous with your mad skills" she pulled away gently to lace her cool fingers with his warm ones "We're in this together, right?" she gazed directly into his soft, obsidian eyes, determined to show she meant it. Jacob fully engulfed her hand in his own and squeezed it with silent affirmation, his eyes slithered lower end of her face and landed on her berry red lips with acute desire. Bella chewed them nervously as a response, if she just leaned in then the rest would be history and at last she'd have a taste of heaven that she longed for. Those sensual rosewood lips of his were constantly calling her own, of course they'd be sweeter than any luxuriant forty dollar candy, softer than a rose and they never failed to make appearances at night in her dreams. But did she want her first kiss with Jake to be in a shady club? In front of hormonal teenagers and a few women she was sure going through menopause? With the cool heavy bass of Mickey Avalon thumping out the speakers? Would it matter? But as usual he'd read her like a freaking book and those tempting lips formed a gentle and warm smile that made her heart thump and she was sure he could hear it. Instead Jacob raised the hand he squeezed to his lips and placed a firm but promising kiss on her scarred wrist. She was wrong, roses had nothing on those satin heavenly lips and she anticipated their date even more so. Bella smiled back at the recognition in his eyes "I'll bring The Room" she laughed at his agonized groan, knowing he probably wouldn't last ten minutes but his hilarious facial expressions would be worth it "And Fight Club" she added to appease him a little. Jacob rolled his eyes with a grin before leading her slowly towards the exit, ignoring the questioning and prying eyes and whispered low enough for her to hear "Face it honey, after today, we'd probably end up making out through about ninety percent of those flicks".