she hadn't felt the earth move and the stars realign? What if . . . The first wet plop of drool startled Edward, making him jump. He was so keyed up, he could feel the exact path the liquid took as it puddled on his chest before running down his side. He couldn't hold back his quiet chuckle as Bella's lips parted, releasing a sweet little snore. He'd apparently fucked his girl unconscious. Chapter 113 - KK Gathering her up in his arms, Edward used his feet to tug the covers up over them. Bella didn't move other than to snuggle closer, putting her freezing cold toes against his nice warm calves. "This is me loving you," Edward whispered in her ear as he closed his eyes. What had started as a random, boring, and ordinary event had altered the entire course of his life. With sleep tugging at him, Edward let himself drift off with the girl of his dreams snoring softly in his embrace. Chapter 114 - chayasara Hand in hand, Edward and Bella returned to the hotel the next morning, Riley greeting them in the lobby with a crashing, crushing hug. "Mommy! Daddy! C'mon! You gotta see what I did!" Edward looked at Esme, waiting for some kind of explanation, but Esme just stood there grinning, shaking her head and placing her thumb and forefinger to her lips with a twist. Taking one of their hands in each of his, a bouncing Riley led Bella and Edward toward their room, practically dragging them down the hall. Chapter 115 - chayasara "Slow down, Riley," Bella scolded, but the smile on her face belied her reprimand. "The card, daddy! Put the card in!" Edward laughed as he slid the card into the aperture, waiting for the little green light. He turned the handle just as Riley tugged on his pants leg. "Turn the light on!" Riley squealed. As the three of them entered the room, Edward flicked the switch, revealing the transformation that had taken place. Bella's hand flew to her mouth, and a sharp intake of breath was the only sound in the room. Chapter 116 - chayasara "Oh my God, Riley! What have you done?" "Do you like it? Do you like it?" Riley looked up at his mother, his eyebrows drawing together, his bottom lip held captive by his teeth, waiting for Bella to recover. "Riley, how—I mean what—I mean who—I mean, when did you do this?" "Mommy, you and Daddy were gone for a looong time! I wanted to make you a surprise. Don't you like it?" Chapter 117 - chayasara Bella looked around the room covered in Riley's artwork. Taped to every square inch of the mirror were Riley's drawings, and yarn was strung across the room like a spider's web, clothespins holding more of his art. She recognized a picture he had drawn of the three of them in superhero costumes. She was Wonder Woman; Edward, Batman; and Riley, Superman—complete with his red cape. "Oh, honey, I love your surprise!" Riley's grin couldn't get any bigger. Bella's own grin never left her face as she slowly examined each colorful drawing. Several were of Bella and Riley, playing in the park. She could make out Riley's attempt to draw a carousel, recreated no doubt from the story she had told him of her day with Edward and Nessie. Bella laughed when she realized Riley hadn't forgotten Jake either. There he was, sprawled on his back, four paws in the air as Riley scratched his belly. She laughed even louder when she saw that Riley had drawn her mom frantically chasing him, naked but for a red cape. And there was Edward, sitting on a couch with Riley in his lap, comic books strewn everywhere. Still smiling, she recognized Rose and Em's faces as they pushed Nessie in a stroller resembling the Batmobile. Picture after picture, Bella saw moments of Riley's life through her son's eyes. Chapter 118 - chayasara Bella knelt down and pulled Riley into a hug, then held him away for a moment, examining every feature of his face. "You're really happy, aren't you, Ri?" "Yeah, mommy, the happiest!" Edward had remained where he was, his eyes never leaving Bella. He had watched her as she studied each picture and now watched her as she wrapped Riley in her arms, eyes closed, holding him to her heart, the love welling in his own chest until he had to remind himself to breathe. Never in his life did he think he would have it all—a beautiful, compassionate, sexy woman who understood and accepted him so completely, an adoring little boy who now called him daddy, and a heart so filled with happiness, he had to remind himself daily that this life was real, a fantasy no more. "Edward," Bella whispered, appearing in front him, "are you okay?" "I'm more than okay, beautiful. I think I just had an epiphany." "Care to share?" "Gladly." Edward stared into Bella's eyes, trying to convey the love that overwhelmed him. He brought her close to him, speaking softly. "I know that it was fate that brought you to me. I know that you and Riley will always be home to me. But most of all, Bella, I finally understand what gives my life meaning. It's quite simple, really. We were born to love; we were born to be loved. You are what gives my life meaning— you ." ~ Fin ~ Contributors Abby (Abegaile Reyes) Amber's Pen Ana Fluttersby Betti Gefecht Cara No Cejsmom Twifan Chayasara Chocaholic Claire Bear Digi Fiction (digit22) Heather (Dreamalittledream) Heather Abdelrahman Intricacy (IA) Jayme Ty Zane Jennifer Garcia (Itlnbrt) Just Robin Karen Ec Kitkat Ladyeire Author Lisa Harris (HeartOfDarkess) LosT-In-Twific (Lotty) MarLea Pie Melanie (EE) Meredith (cutestkidsmom) Midnight Cougar Mina Rivera Mistressmut Matriarch Pates Greeneyes Poppy Anna (Well, Not Ok, Shit! I Did It) Postapocalypticdepository QuantumFizzx Robsmyyummy Cabanaboy Sally Hopkinson (Alice's White Rabbit) Sandy Southern Shell Shock Viv Wardlover Twifan Whiti Shades