for the inevitable. A strong grip around her upper arm and she was yanked back onto the sidewalk into a hard chest. She gasped, her heart beating in overtime as she held onto the shirt of her savior. "Are you okay?" A honeyed, yet manly voice asked very close to her ear. She attempted to nod against the musky smell of the man's chest. He stroked her upper arms and she noticed that she was still holding onto his biceps. One by one, she managed to move her fingers and she released him. Stepping back, she looked into his mesmerizing green eyes. They reflected the mossy, lush scenery of the island and she smiled. They were beautiful. His nose was straight and she stifled her gasp when she saw his full, wet, kissable lips. 'Would it be inappropriate to give him a kiss of thanks ,' she wondered. "I'm fine. Thank you." She was amazed she could still speak in his presence. He was just that beautiful. He smiled a crooked smile and she nearly melted at his feet. "You know the rule is that you have to look both ways before crossing a street, right?" She felt heat pool in her cheeks and stepped back. "I know." His head tilted to one side as he observed her. She wanted to run her fingers through his messy hair and brush it away from his eyes. 'That wouldn't be inappropriate at all,' she surmised. "Where was your head, what were you thinking?" The handsome stranger asked. She looked over her shoulder at the mocking doors of the school and then at the dark clouds. "Somewhere between those doors and the sky," she confessed, pointing in each direction. He laughed, a deep rumbling sound and she smiled at him. His taut muscles bulged through the fabric of his gray T-shirt and the beige cargo pants he wore, hung low on his hips. In his left hand, he held a camera. Isabella wrung her hands together and took a step back. "Thank you again. I'll make sure to look both ways next time." She turned to leave, taking two steps when the beautiful stranger's voice rang in her ears. "I'm Edward, by the way." Isabella turned to see him approaching with his hand outstretched. She took it, and as his fingers closed over hers, she couldn't contain her gasp this time. It was as if an electric current was traveling from their joined hands, across her arms and down her spine. In confusion, she yanked her hand back and smoothed it over her hair. It must have been the storm. Lots of electrical currents in the air. It was the only thing that made sense. Edward's wide eyes met hers. She cleared her throat, "I'm Isabella." "Nice to meet you, Isabella." Her name on his lips was pure honey and for a split moment, everything around her ceased to exist. Every problem back home, Angela; gone. Vanished. Isabella could only see Edward. She cleared her throat, "You too, Edward." Thunder clapped overhead, causing her to jump. The sky opened up and rain began to pour down, wetting the streets and the two people facing each other, looking into each other's eyes. Isabella blinked away the raindrops on her lashes and wrapped her shawl around her shoulders. "I should go. Thank you again, Edward. You saved my life." She turned to leave, but Edward's hand covered hers. "Let me give you a ride." "Oh no, that's okay. I'll just get a cab." His hand squeezed hers gently, not letting go. "Please." He pointed to the car they were standing near, his hair plastered to his forehead. "It's right here." She looked at his car and then back to him, contemplating the idea of entering a vehicle with a stranger. He seemed nice enough and he had pulled her from the street. She nodded and he smiled, opening the passenger door for her. She settled into the leather seat and took a lungful of his intoxicating scent, which permeated the entire car. He was a nice smelling man. Edward closed the passenger door and sighed. It had gone differently than planned, but somehow, he liked this way better. His eyes raked over Isabella, sitting in his car and he took a shaky breath. This was breaking so many rules, but right now, he didn't care. Walking around the back, he slid his phone from his pocket and dialed the number. With his eyes squeezed shut, he yanked on his wet locks. He hated himself right now. "Yeah, it's me. I have an update." What did you think of their first meeting? What do you think Edward is up to? Any guesses? I'd love to hear your thoughts and ideas. A/N: PLEASE READ! Hello friends, Edward and Bella lover's. I'm so glad you're here to join me in my new story. This is the longest a/n I'll post for this story, but please read it. This was my o/s to the Meet the Mate Contest. It didn't win, but I still had fun participating and with the extra time, I got a lot chapter pre-written for this story. This story will touch on the subject of spousal abuse, physical and emotional, and if that is a trigger for you, please do not read. I do not take the subject lightly and hope that you won't either. It will be HEA, that I promise you. Updates will be once a week, Tuesday or Wednesday, depending on my RL schedule. So, with that, my biggest thanks goes to Fran for her tremendous help with this entry. You have truly helped me with my writing. Twimom1960, klcivinski, winterhorses and Hopesparkles are my pre-readers and encouragement team. You guys are awesome. Thank you for your time and effort. Y'all can find me on Facebook: Chrissie Purple. Stop by, say hello and for teasers each week. I hope you'll enjoy this story as much as I am enjoying writing it. XOXOXO