go," I said as I wiped my face with the back of my hand. Jessica laughed, but didn't make any effort to move. I checked the time on my phone. I had only been there for seven minutes. "Don't you want me to suck you?" Jessica moaned softly from the bed. I glanced down and found her watching me though hooded eyes. Needless to say, she sucked me dry and we were downstairs ten minutes later. "So where are we going?" Rosalie asked as Jessica and I stepped out into the bright sunlight. "Well, do you wanna go to the Unicorn Café or Brothers K?" I asked. My gaze flickered to Bella, who stood shielding her eyes from the sun. I had my black Ray-Bans on, so I quickly took them off and offered them to her. She stared at me confused. "You came all the way from Forks," I laughed. "I don't want you to go blind on your third day here." She chuckled before hesitantly taking the sunglasses from me. They looked big on her small, heart-shaped face. "Thanks," she said. "This is Jessica, by the way," I said, introducing my girlfriend. Jessica smiled at Bella and gave a small wave. "Lets go to Brothers K," Rosalie said before turning towards Bella. "It's a bit of a walk, about a mile, but it's worth it." Bella shrugged and we all set off towards Main Street. We were only about halfway there when I heard Bella groan from behind me. I was walking up ahead with Jessica, listening to her ramble on about her day. "What's wrong?" Rose asked. "Its so hot," Bella said softly. "I'm not used to this heat." I smirked, but continued my quick pace. "Why are we walking so fast?" Bella complained again. I chuckled and turned to peek at her over my shoulder. She had her hand up again, shielding her face from sun. Even from here, I could see her eyes through the lenses, watching me, and the slight gathering of dew on her forehead and cheeks. I smiled at her, but slowed my pace. "You're practically running there," she said to me. "I don't mind the heat," I said with a shrug. "I can tell. You're not even sweating." "I'm used to it." "Man, I'm out of shape," Bella groaned mostly to herself. Rosalie laughed. "There's a gym on campus," she offered. Bella didn't respond. "Edward plays baseball," Jessica said. "That's why he has all this energy. He plays for two leagues." I laughed when I caught Jessica smiling up at me with admiration. "Two leagues?" Bella asked. "On campus?" "Na, off campus," I answered. "I play for a couple of local teams." "What position?" "Pitcher." "Nice." I could hear the smile in Bella's voice. "You watch baseball?" Rosalie asked amused. "Is it that surprising?" Bella shot back. "A little. You just don't look like the type who would watch sports." I glanced at Bella over my shoulder again. We arrived to Brothers K soon after and stood in line to take our orders. I smirked when I saw Bella fanning her sweaty face. I let the girls order before me and then I ordered a sandwich and a latte for myself before I took my number out to the patio where they were all sitting. When I approached, I saw that Bella had just lit up a cigarette and was sitting with her legs crossed while she took a few drags. Her cheeks were very pink, but she wasn't sweating anymore. I watched her run her hand repeatedly through her hair and that's when I caught sight of a few faded pink locks in her hair. The color of platinum blonde and pink looked nice, and strange, against the chocolate brown. And then I noticed her exposed ear was covered in many silver piercings. The barbells, hoops and studs glittered mesmerizingly in the sunlight. Bella caught me looking so I dropped my gaze. "I like your hair, Bella," Jessica said from beside me. "I've never dyed my hair before." "Thanks," Bella said with a modest smile. As she took another drag from her cigarette, I saw that she was also wearing a couple of silver rings on her right hand. One was small and round with a little black stone. The other was a decorative diamond shape with a large round turquoise in the center. On her other hand, she had a single silver band on her thumb, but her wrist was made up with twisted bands, a watch and a very thin chain. I think there was maybe even a small tattoo on the inside of her wrist. "Can I have one?" Rosalie asked as she watched Bella take another drag. Bella used her elbow to push her pack of Marlboro Golds towards Rosalie. I watched Rosalie light up, instantly eager to have one as well. I hadn't has a cigarette in probably over a year, but watching the two girls before me smoke made me suddenly crave one. "Can I have one too?" I asked. Bella met my gaze, looking curious. "Sure," she said and then she handed the pack to me. I took one out and lit it with the clear green lighter she had tucked inside. I took a slow drag and let it out with a smile. It didn't taste as good as I remembered, but it still felt good. Jessica scrunched her nose at me in distaste. I winked at her. A/N: This will be a BPOV and EPOV, and I'll be updating about once a week… unless I'm feeling generous. Now that introductions are somewhat out of the way, I can get on with the story. Much like WDEaNB, this story takes place in college, surrounded by college education, activities, drama, and of course, angst. Remember, this story contains underage (and some 'of' age) drug and alcohol use, profanity, discussion of sex and sexually explicit acts. Mature readers only please. Till next time. xoxo