But it's not like she started the gossip, she was just repeating it. Even though her parents were always telling her that that was rude and not something they approved of. With a sigh, the blond teen sat on the bed. She knew she was wrong, she should not have said that about someone she had not yet met. But she knew enough about her to know that she did not want to meet her. She and Edward argued a lot, but she loved her brother. And he deserved someone better then a human. Especially a human who made the boy's blood lust surface. She knew that Edward was sensitive; she knew that it would tear him apart if he hurt an innocent girl. The knock on her door startled her a little. "Come in Daddy." She said. Carlisle walked into the room and gave his daughter a stern look. "Care to explain?" He asked. "I'm sorry, Daddy." She said, giving him her best puppy eyes. "Exactly what are you sorry about?" "For arguing with Edward." "And?" Carlisle asked, with a raised eyebrow. She sighed and said. "And for forming an opinion about the human before I knew her." "The human has a name, young lady." Carlisle said, crossly. "Who cares?" Rosalie mumbled. "Watch the attitude, Rosalie." Carlisle scolded. "What has Thelma done to you to make you dislike her?" "She's hurting Edward." The blond teen hissed out, standing up. "He looked devastated that he wanted to drain her." "That is not her fault." Carlisle said, his voice growing gentler. "I know." She sighed again. She knew she was in the wrong, but it was hard for her to admit. "You know better than to listen to gossip, it has gotten you into trouble more than once." Carlisle said, as he walked over to her. "And you know better than to disrespect someone by speaking poorly about them, especially when that person is not present to defend themselves." He gentle took her arm and turned her sideways, then he landed five hard swats to her butt. "OHHH!" Rosalie cried out. Once released, she rubbed her stinging bottom. "No more, Honey. You are better than that. And I expect better from you." He held out his arms and the teen quickly walked into his embrace. "I'm sorry, Daddy." She said. "It's over, Honey." Carlisle said, as he kissed the top of her head. "All is forgiven." "Please don't be too hard on Edward." She said, as they pulled apart. "I know he had no right calling me that, but I was acting like one." "No you were not." Carlisle said, sternly. "You were wrong, but you were not acting like that vile word." "Just please go easy on him." She said. "He's had a rough day." "I'll keep that in mind, no go on outside and let your mate know that I didn't kill you." "Yes Sir." Rosalie said. TWILIGHT******* TWILIGHT^^^^^^^^ TWILIGHT######## TWILIGHT Edward heard Rosalie's spanking, and her request for leniency for him. He had also heard her inner thoughts about not liking Thelma because of him being hurt. Now he felt extremely guilty about calling her a bitch. He heard his Father's footsteps coming down the hall and was not surprised when they passed the study door and stopped a couple doors down. Right in front on the bathroom. "Come here, Edward." Carlisle's voice called out softly. With a groan, the teenager walked out of the study and down the hall. He stopped in front of a very stern looking Carlisle. The elder nodded towards the bathroom and Edward walked past him and into the room. He knew the drill, it wasn't the first time he had to do this, and he was afraid that it wouldn't be the last time either. Edward retrieved a fresh bar of soap from under the sink cabinet, and handed it to his Father. Then he stood there and watched as Carlisle unwrapped the bar and wet it under running water. "Open." Carlisle said. Edward groaned, but did as he was told. Carlisle gentle placed the bar of soap into the teen's mouth and Edward bit down on it. "You know that that kind of language is not tolerated in this house." Carlisle scolded him. "I know that what Rosalie said was wrong, but that did not give you cause to call her that. No woman deserves for a man to call them that word, regardless of what that woman has done. Is that understood?" Edward nodded, and then regretted the action when soap suds ran down the back of his throat. He looked at his Father with pleading eyes. "Five minutes." Carlisle said, causing a muffled groan to come from the boy. "I am sorry son, but I want this lesson to stick." Carlisle crossed his arms and leaned against the wall, watching his son. He stayed like that for five minutes. "Go on and rinse." He said. Edward rushed to the sink, while spitting the bar of soap out of his mouth, and turned the cold water on. He scooped up handfuls of water and rinsed his mouth out, being careful not to swallow the soapy water. After a few moments, Carlisle reached over and turned the water off, much to his son's dismay. "I'm sorry, Dad." Edward said, regret in his voice. "I know I shouldn't have called Rosalie that, I was just upset. But that is no excuse." "I'm glad to hear you say that, son." Carlisle said. "But next time, remember that it is wrong before you do it. And not after." "Yes Sir." Carlisle gently took his arm and turned him sideways. Then he landed five hard swats to his jean clad butt. Edward hissed in pain. "Come on, Son." Carlisle said, wrapping an arm around the youth's shoulders. He leaned over and kissed the top of his son's head. "Let's go meet Thelma Mavis Mills." TWILIGHT******* TWILIGHT^^^^^^^^ TWILIGHT######## TWILIGHT To Be Continued. What do you think?