me wonder if he had spent all of Biology trying to come up with it. I walked into the changing room, getting into the gym clothes that I had brought. I could tell from the set up that volleyball was going on. As the teacher started putting everyone in teams, I ended up with both Jessica and Mike. I was just glad that I knew some people. The games started up and it went pretty smoothly. When it was my turn to serve I used all my strength and hit it to the back edge of their court. No one moved, thinking it would go out of bounds but there was a cheer from my team as it hit directly inside and then bounced out. Oh, how I loved sports. Gym passed quickly and by the end of it my mood was drastically better. My annoyance with Cullen had disappeared. I changed up, heading towards the office with my slip that had all the teachers signatures. I was ready to jump in my car and head away from campus. As I opened the door to the office, I paused seeing Edward talking with Ms. Cope. As I listened I realized that he was trying to get out of our shared biology class. The anger flared back up as I glared at his back, my hands folding over my chest. What the hell! Just then someone walked in, leaving a slip in a basket besides Edward as he stiffened. He glanced back at me, meeting my glare, before seeming to give up at his endeavor. "I can see that it isn't possible." He said, his voice silky even with the hard edge to it. I didn't take my eyes off him as he passed, resisting the urge to stick my foot out and trip him. It probably wouldn't work anyways. When he was gone, I stepped up to the desk, holding the slip out. "How was you first day dear?" She asked, seeming breathless. I forced a smile. "Perfect." I left after that. It had taken me a good half hour to calm down after what had occurred. As I sat in my car, outside the elementary school, I mumbled to myself, annoyed with his attitude. I was usually a nice person but when someone was an ass for no reason, it was only understandable for my temper to flare. After sighing I grabbed out my trig book, deciding I would do some of my homework while I waited. After another half hour I looked up, hearing a bell ringing. It seemed like they were finally letting the kids out of school. I got out of my car, waiting for the familiar mop of brown hair. Alisha was my little sister, all of seven years old. She had the same color hair as me but that was where our resemblance stopped. Where I looked more like our mom, she took after our dad. Her hair had small waves in it, causing the bottom to gently curl. Her blue eyes were the epitome of innocence, her lips always upturned in a smile. I watched as she walked out the front door of the school, holding hands with another girl. When she saw me she waved before turning to her friends and saying goodbye. She made her way to me, a bounce in her step. She definitely was the cutest little sister. "Anny!" She yelled, grabbing my leg. I laughed, reaching down and giving her a hug. "How was school?" Her small teeth showed through her smile. "My teacher is really nice. She asked me to read something to her and said that I did really good. Emily asked if I could come over and play sometime. She's really nice and she has a book-bag just like mine. We had pizza for lunch and it was really good but there was this boy who dropped his on the floor and he just picked it up and ate it anyways." I laughed as her face scrunched up in disgust. Oh the ramblings of a second-grader. She continued to tell me about her day as we climbed in the car and drove home. Our new house was a relatively small, two story building. It was painted white with light blue shutters. The first floor featured a kitchen, living room and bathroom. The second floor consisted of three bedrooms and a bathroom off my dad's room. Alisha and my own rooms were right next to each other which helped whenever she had nightmares. As I walked through the front door, I had to bite my tongue from calling out the standard greeting. It was bad, that even now, six months later I was still felt the urge to say it, when I knew that no one would answer. I set my bag in the living room as I moved to the kitchen, preparing a bowl of crackers and peanut butter as an afternoon snack. When I brought it out to Alisha, she already had the tv going, watching one of her favorite shows. I set the snack next to her as I started working on my homework again. An hour later I was almost done with my homework. As Alisha's show finished up she pulled out her own simple worksheets and we sat together in silence, the scratching of our pencils the only sound. I looked over and couldn't help but smile. She was leaning over her paper, her tongue sticking out of the corner of her mouth as she focused on making neat letters. I reached forward and ruffled her hair as she pouted. "So what do you want for dinner tonight? We should make something for when dad gets home." The pout vanished as she perked up. "Can we have pizza? Or macaroni and cheese? What about ice cream?" I laughed as she started the long list of her favorite foods. Now the hard part was just getting her to pick one of them.