eyebrow. "In the forest?" her curiosity got the better of her. "Yup." Jared replied painfully. He was an idiot. "Barefoot?" "Yup." "In only shorts and a shirt in January?" "Yup." Kim looked rightfully skeptical, but nodded anyways. "Alright then." Kim looked down and fiddled with her fingers. She had dreamed of being next to Jared like this for years, but now that he was really here, she had no idea of what to do. "Um," Kim started, Jared perking up at the sound of her voice. "Are you okay to walk?" "OH!" Jared exclaimed, remembering his bloodied forehead. "Yeah, let's go." Jared hoisted himself up quickly, Kim following after and turning to Jared in concern. "You're sure you're okay to walk? It's okay if you aren't." Kim's delightfully brown eyes were wide with concern as she looked up apprehensively at Jared's bleeding forehead. "Don't worry about me, Kim." He smiled in affection at the worry that laced Kim's face. Could anyone blame him? Her face was just so adorable when her eyebrows scrunched together in worry. Without a real thought in his mind, still thinking about how cute Kim was, he pulled his shirt off, revealing his bronzed torso and pressed the fabric to his cut. "See?" Jared smiled obliviously. "All better." He began to walk down the road slowly, expecting Kim to be following, but stopping shortly when he didn't hear footsteps behind him. He turned around to find Kim looking at the ground, blushing. "What's wrong?" He asked immediately. He bounded back to where Kim was standing and before he could think, grasped her chin in his large hand. Kim immediately blushed and pulled her chin out of his hand. "You-" she started awkwardly. "You're shirtless." she said with a small, embarrassed smile. "OH!" Dumb-ass! he thought. Now she'll think you're a skirt-chasing asshole like Paul. Jared stammered out an apology, to which Kim stammered out her own. The two laughed in embarrassment, and Kim marveled at the way his eyes crinkled in happiness. "I can put my shirt back on, if you want." Jared offered genuinely. He didn't want to make her uncomfortable. Kim shook her head negatively. "No," she said. "It's, uh, alright." Kim gulped as she smiled up at the tall Quileute boy politely. "I'll manage." Jared had to hold back a smirk as her eyes darted back and forth between his skin and the road. "Alriiight." he chirped, grasping Kim's arm gently and pulling her down the road. "Let's go home." "Sam!" Paul bounded through the always open doors of Emily's little cottage, calling out the name of his alpha. "Paul!" The voice that responded was high, and soft. Paul turned to see Emily smiling welcomingly at him, her floral apron tied tightly around her waist and glossy black hair strung back into a braid. "Hey Emily!" Paul exclaimed, a genuine smile stretched across his face. He really did love Emily. As far as Paul knew, she was godsent, and so were her baked goods. "I made some of your favorite," she smiled excitedly, leading him into the kitchen. "Strawberry muffins with yogurt on the top. Just how you like them." Paul's mouth watered at the freshly baked muffins, yogurt piled on top and glistening beautifully. "I thank the spirits for you everyday, Emily." He laughed, pulling the young Makah woman into a bear hug, grabbing a muffin and taking a big bite of it. His smile was triumphant as he gazed down at the muffin in affection. "Thanks, Em!" Paul pressed a slobbery kiss to Emily's hairline, before fighting off her shrieks of protest. "Paul! That's gross." she grumbled. Heavy, pounding footsteps sounded through the house and a tall, stern looking man emerged in the kitchen. His resting bitch-face however, softened immediately at the sight of Emily Young. "Emily." he smiled softly, pulling her for a long, sweet kiss. Emily all but melted into the strong man's arms, kissing back with equal happiness. "Now that's gross." the moment was ruined by Paul's grumble. Sam sent a dry look to Paul, who in return, sent him a cheeky smile. "You called for me?" he asked with a grumble, pressing a kiss to the right side of Emily's face, and sitting down at the dinner table across from Paul. Paul nodded eagerly. "You'll never guess what I did to help Jared out with Kim." Paul launched into the story eagerly, the couple listening apprehensively. "I think you did him more of a dis-service, Paul." Sam remarked slowly, Emily hiding a snicker behind her floured hands. "What do you mean?" Paul laughed. "It was a great tactic." "Sure, if you meant to maim the poor girl for the rest of her life." Emily pointed out in a rare, sarcastic tone. "Don't worry! Connweller's friend only got a scraped elbow." "You hurt her friend?" Sam asked in concern. "A small casualty in the war of love." Paul shrugged. "Besides, Kim is probably doting over poor little injured Jared right now. It's a strategic move." And while Paul kept on insisting that he did Jared a service, and Sam and Emily sending each other skeptical looks, Jared had just pressed a quick kiss to Kim's cheek, before stammering out a goodbye and racing down the road to his own home. A delighted set of yips and barks resounded in the forest of La Push, and Paul sent the couple a smug look. "See?" he drawled. "Paul sure knows how to help his friends." "The joke's on you, idiot." Sam laughed. "You're the one who has to patrol with the lovestruck kid tonight." Emily snickered at Paul's dreadful expression. "Have fun listening to his thoughts." Sam and Emily shared an amused laugh, before settling down on the couch to watch a movie. Paul listened to the forest with a dry expression. The sounds of a happy wolf was already beginning to annoy him, a small sneak peek of what was to come for the rest of the night. "Fuck."