over him. A smile graced Seth's lips at looking up at Jacob. He practically had to crane his neck up to see Jacob's face fully, and Jacob smiled back down at him sweetly. "Jake…it's nothing. Nothing is wrong Jake. Please…just…don't worry about me. I mean, this…this is your moment…you know…..your time. I'm just so happy for you. I'm really proud of you." Seth encourage, blinking his eyes rapidly as they begun to sting with the onset of unshed tears as he was reminded that this might be one of the very few last time they will get to spend together like this. Seth tried so hard to turn away and hide his tears, but Jacob would not allow it. It hurt Jacob to see Seth like this and he grabbed Seth by the waist and turned the younger man back around to face him. "Seth, look at me." Jacob said, taking hold of Seth's chin and gently lifting it up so the younger man was looking up at him. "I'm just going to miss you a lot." Seth said, feeling his heart grow heavy with the realization that he wouldn't be able to see Jacob or talk to him or hang out with him like he used to. It began to settle into Seth's mind that this would change everything. "I'll miss you too. But we'll still call each other." Jacob assured Seth. Jacob's heart began to feel heavy. He wanted this step to happened, he knew this step had to happen sometime. He wanted to go away to school and start new and forget about the hurt and pain of the past three years but it was hurting him more realizing that he was causing someone else pain. Seth, his best friend, the one who was always there for him. "Still….it won't be the same." Seth mentioned, looking down at shoes. "Seth…" Jacob began but couldn't find the words, as he saw the sadness in Seth's eyes. "Just…if you make lots of new friends and stuff….try not to forget about me." Seth mumbled. Jacob was at a loss for words as his jaw dropped. " Does he really think I would leave him and do that to him?" Jacob thought. "Seth, how could you think something like that? I would never ever forget you. How could I? You're my best friend Seth, no one could ever replace you." Jacob said with determination as he stared into Seth's eyes, trying to convince the younger man. Seth smiled at the sincerity and meaning in Jacob's words. "But what if I call and text you every day, will you then get tired of me?" Seth tried to tease, trying to lighten up as he furiously wiped away the tears on his wet cheeks. Jacob chuckled, his low husky voice sending shutters through Seth. "Seth, of course not. Although, it won't be the same. I'm going to miss having a puppy dog follow me around all the time." Jacob teased, holding on to Seth by his arms. "Jake!" Seth whined, pouting out his cheeks playfully. Jacob laughed at Seth's cute features and felt his heart grow lighter. " Did I really just think of Seth as cute? I can't think of my friend like this but..I can't help it…he's just do damn cute when he's like this." Jacob thought, snickering to himself. Jacob took a hold of Seth's waist and pulled the younger man in for a hug, wrapping his strong arms around his best friend. "I'm just kidding. Seth, I would never forget you, you know that." Jacob assured Seth, holding him tight. "You promise?" Seth asked feeling warmth spread through him as he laid against Jacob's strong muscled chest. Seth felt so happy at being in these safe and loving arms, but sadness at the thought that these hugs would soon become few and far between. Jacob lowered his lips to Seth's ear. "You're the best Seth, don't you ever forget that." Jacob whispered into Seth's ear, hugging Seth tighter. "Thanks Jake." Seth spoke softly as they stayed like that for awhile, both sharing unspoken words just through their embrace. Seth knew in his heart that Jacob had only one person in his heart and it was a girl named Bella Swan. This, Seth could not change. He knew that Jacob was strictly a straight man and only broke the rules of affection for him because they were best friends and knew each other inside and out. Seth knew that no matter what, Jacob could never fully comprehend just how much Seth loved him, even if it continued to kill him to not be able to say anything and Seth new above all else he could never really tell Jacob how he truly felt. Their friendship would never survive it and Jacob meant too much to Seth for him to risk what they had. But despite all these things that Seth knew, he accepted the fact that he was still blessed and lucky enough to have Jacob in his life at all, even if it was just as a friend, and he was forever grateful that he had a guy like Jacob Black to call his best friend. AUTHOR'S NOTE: This chapter was supposed to be very short, but I have this frustrating tendency to over elaborate things. This scene is very special and important and for canonical purposes, I couldn't shove this scene in with the next chapter because this chapter occurs one year after "Eclipse", just before Jake leaves for college. The next chapter will take place one year after this, after Jacob returns home from his first year of college. I hope I'm not confusing you, hahaha. ^^ Anyway, I hope you enjoyed. Please read and review, and let me know what you think. Criticism is loved, as long as its constructive. And if you have any suggestions or things you would like to see in the story, please let me know. Thank you so much for reading.