almost got elbowed in the face. The best part? He didn't even get his pasta. Sucker . "So Bella, Seth's really been working out a lot lately, did you notice?" Leah said to me. Although she never admitted it, I knew she was secretly planning mine and Seth's wedding. She wanted nothing more than me for to start dating Seth. She said I was 'the only responsible girl' and that 'I didn't dress like a hooker' and I 'wasn't a total whore like everyone we know'. Leah wanted Seth to be with someone that was nice and friendly and most of all, someone she would get along with. So if the girl was any of the things above, she'd 'kick their faces in and rip their arms off' for trying to break Seth's heart. She believed that Seth deserved the best, and I was honoured that Leah thought of me as the best, but I wasn't sure Seth was my type, or at least… I definitely wasn't his. "Leah…" I said disapprovingly, glancing over to her. "I know, I know… I'm just saying". I'd been sleeping over at Leah's house one night, and Seth had a friend staying the night as well. I always cooked for them and Seth usually always helped me set the table. I went upstairs into Seth's room to grab him and when I opened the door… I was at a loss of words. Seth had been on his bed, on top of his friend and their lips were… they were occupied . I had swung my hand over my mouth, slapping myself in the process. They had both snapped their heads towards me instantly. Seth almost jumped off of him and even though it was dark, I could see that his whole face had turned bright red. I had stood there, dumbfounded, at the entrance of his door. I couldn't move. Seth was gay? Afterwards he had come down to help set up for dinner, he didn't stop apologising to me all night for what I'd walked in on. After I'd had time to think about it, I wasn't all that shocked to know Seth was gay. It explained why Seth had never had a girlfriend and why he had never joined in on the conversation when the pack would talk about the hottest girls. Seth had been mostly afraid that I'd hate him for his sexual orientation, which I thought was absolutely absurd. I told him it was fine, and that I still loved him and he'd even cleaned all the dishes for me that night. Why hadn't I told Leah about what I had seen? For starters Leah would be mortified by the fact that I walked in on Seth locking lips with anyone, whether they were male or female, and secondly, it wasn't up to me to tell Leah that Seth was gay. He would eventually do it, I knew it was a hard thing for him to admit, if I hadn't have walked in on him that night, I'm sure he would have never been ready to admit it. "Anyway, you know that the Old Hollywood themed ball is coming up in a few weeks right?" I smiled at the thought. "Yes! I've been looking forward to it since the first day I heard about it at school!" I said excitedly, trying to contain myself. If there was something I really had a passion for, it was getting dressed up. "Well, I think we should go shopping for our dresses soon, if we don't get them soon, they'll be all sold out and we'll have to wear ugly old rags" Leah said, scrunching up her face. "I agree with you, when do you want to go?" "Well, it's Saturday today, and I've got soccer practice tomorrow, so how about Monday after school? We could walk to the mall? It's not that far away from the school, you could stay the night too if you wanted, mum and dad aren't home the night and I want some company" I grinned at her. "That sounds great! Do you want me to bring any movies over?" I asked, whenever Leah and I got together we usually had movie marathons. "No, no. I've already got the movies picked out! Plus, I'll need your help with something-" "I want in on this sleep over action, I wouldn't mind watching you two having a pillow fight" I turn to where the voice came from and glare at him instantly, Leah does the same. One of the many things that Leah and I had in common was our hatred for the arrogant pig named Paul. "You and your grimy paws aren't coming anywhere near my house, and pillow fight? No. Even if Bella and I did happen to have a pillow fight, we certainly wouldn't let you watch. You big old pervert" Paul waggled his eyebrows. "And if I am?" He said as he smirked at me. "GET OUT!" Leah yelled and flicked him with one of the dishcloths. "OUCH! Ok, ok! I'm gone! See you Monday night short stuff" He said to me, with a mischievous smirk on his face. I rolled my eyes at him. "In your dreams Lahote" I said. Just before he left the kitchen, he pinched one of the muffins off of the bench and ran off. "HEY! COME BACK HERE WITH MY MUFFIN!" I yelled after him, but he was already out the front door. I knew I'd never see that poor, delicious muffin again. Ooh, what does Leah need help with? An Old Hollywood themed prom? + 10 points to Slytherin! Genius Pewds! And that poor, innocent, unsuspecting muffin! Paul, how dare you! That's all for now, make sure you favourite, follow and review if you want more! How quickly I upload new chapters all depends on the amount of reviews and whatnot I receive, so get to it if you want it up quickly! From your eternal lover, ~ anonpagan.