neck and gave him a goodnight kiss. "See you in the morning, lovely boy." I said softly and then I left the barn. I took the bucket back to the mares barn and asked Kathryn and Kyle if they wanted a ride up in my truck. They did. So I drove up to our two story, log cabin. I parked and got out, taking in the log cabin all over again. It had an almost all the way wrap around porch, a large stone chimney, six medium sized windows by the chimney that would show our dining room. I followed Kathryn and Kyle into the house and smiled when the scent of Kyle's beef stew hit me. Kyle was the main cook in the family since Kathryn couldn't cook much. It always made me laugh. Our living room had a nature theme/Native American theme going on. We had a dark brown couch, a dark brown loveseat and two chairs, plus Kyle's lazy boy chair(not sure that's spelled right). We had lots of nature pictures up, like the Montana mountains surrounding us, the lake a couple of miles away on our property, one of the beach in South Carolina which I loved. Then we had pictures of our horses, pictures of wolves and Native Americans, a couple hand made dream catchers. Also things of Kathryn's, like a blanket her great grandmother had made(Kathryn was part Cherokee) and a couple other things she had from relatives. Our kitchen was all wooden, with light oak counters and cabinets. Then we had stainless steel appliances and a couple wooden stools by the counter, then you saw the dining room which had a small darker wooden table with six chairs. The view of course was nice because of the six windows, you could look out and see horses grazing in their pastures and the big Montana mountains behind them. Past the kitchen in the small hallway was a bathroom and the door to the basement which was Kyle's office/game room, where him and his friends would watch sports, play pool or just hang out. Then you had the stairs to the left, along the wall, leading up to all the bedrooms. We had five bedrooms up there, one for me and one for Kathryn and Kyle. Every bedroom also had it's own bathroom, Kyle and Kathryn had put a lot of money to build this house and ranch up when they bought it. I smiled as Kyle told us to sit down at the table and he would bring the beef stew over. I poured Kathryn, Kyle and I some Iced Tea I had made last night as Kyle brought over the beef stew, Kathryn grabbed the biscuits out of the oven. We ate, Kyle and Kathryn asking about school and the Cullens, me asking about the cattle and horses. The cattle would now go to auction for either someone who was looking for cattle to keep breeding or for...meat. I still couldn't get over the fact that we raised these cattle to sell for meat but I knew it was a way of life out here. So that's why I put myself more into the Paint breeding operation they had. Lately Kyle had been teaching me about more things like how to manage the farm and the horses, how to take care of the mares in foal and the babies that were born. Kyle said I should know all these things so that if anything happened or when I got my own farm, I would know how to do all this. "Dixie still hasn't foaled yet and I'm getting a bit worried." Kathryn spoke up. I knew they didn't like to have any babies past August and Dixie's due date had been August 29th. "I'm thinking I might call Dr. Burnett out and see what she thinks." Kyle nodded. "Might be a good idea, maybe she can see what's going on. Maybe we need to induce labor for Dixie." I felt slightly uneasy when he talked about something being wrong. We had had a mare that had lost her baby this year and we all were still recovering from it. It was a hard subject. After we ate I went upstairs to take a shower and get ready for bed. I quickly jumped in the shower, washing my hair and body then I got out. I blow dried my hair and put my fuzzy horse PJ's on that Kathryn had gotten me last Christmas, I slipped on my slippers too. I stopped by my computer desk, getting the papers I needed to give to Kathryn and Kyle out of my bookbag. I walked down the steps and saw them watching a movie in the living room all snuggled up together. I didn't want to bother them by walking in so I sat the papers on the table. "There's papers for you on the table. I'm heading to bed, night!" I called to them. "Night honey!" Kathryn called. "Night D!" Kyle called too, using his nickname for me. I went up the stairs back to my room and shut my door. Turning off the light, I found my way to the bed and got under the covers. I fell asleep after awhile and my dreams involved my pale new friends. …... A/N: Hi Readers! I hope you enjoy my new story! This idea popped in my head awhile ago and I've been working on it for awhile...I'm very sorry Rosalie had to die but it goes with my plot. I hope you like my new character too. Thank you for reading and I hope you'll review and tell me what you think! I'll try to post chapter two soon and I've posted some pictures for this story at the bottom of my profile under You Need To Trust Me-Characters. Thanks again for reading and please review! Also I have some other Twilight stories if you wanna check them out! From: QuinnandSeth'sgirl15 Have a good day!