own protection, Deanna couldn't let herself love her mother. It was a toxic relationship to love someone who could never truly return the feeling. After all, how can one love what they do not wish to understand? "Found a good car for you," Charlie uncomfortably said, realizing the subject was executed early. Deanna's eyes perked up when this was said. She never had much a chance to drive, seeing as St. Mary's was a large, yet enclosed school. To step beyond it's gates was to step into the big bad world. Needless to say, she was scared but excited to put her driver's license to use. When Deanna didn't protest to the subject, Charlie continued, "It's a chevy..." "Trucks. How badass," Deanna smiled. She flashed a bright smile, but she felt no excitement. She only wanted to ease Charlie's nervousness. She didn't want him to tiptoe around her. She didn't care for being pleased all the time, and often preferred to openly disagree than to beat around the bush. "I got it off a friend from La Push, Billy Black," he clarified. Deanna snorted as she remembered the infamous brotp of Charlie and Billy from their calls. "We should visit him sometime soon," Deanna offered. She honestly had no interest in going to some reservation, but she supposed that Charlie would. "We'll have to thank him for giving you a good deal," she added with a light laugh. She inwardly called herself a hypocrite. She desired honesty, but she was a liar at times. At least she wouldn't lie about being a liar. That she was, that she was. "You want to?" He asked, genuinely surprised. Deanna didn't have the heart to tell him no. "Of course!" She added, a roll of her eyes to add to the informality of her tone. Charlie let out a breath, his shoulders slouching as he drove on. After some guiding and some poor puns, they arrived home. By then, he was relaxing some. The walls were coming down. There it was. That famed two-bedroom house. It was pleasantly painted white with grey trimming. It seemed to be nested besides thick green trees that made it seem even more so bright. The house read one word: Home. Deanna smiled at it, feeling excitement for the first time. Though she hated St. Mary's, it had become familiar in that it held the one person in her life that she couldn't live without. She still couldn't live without Katie, but in this house, it would be easier to breathe when she was miles away. There, parked awkwardly, was a faded red colored, clunky truck She cringed when Charlie wasn't looking, but she scolded herself for his thoughtfulness. Free or no, he did seem to care for her enough to give it to her. She gave a light thanks and scrounged together what little luggage she had. She never had much. St. Mary's allowed only a few decorations, ones that had to be checked and approved. She lived in a baggy, unflattering uniform paired with hideous women's loafers. She never needed much clothes because she seldom left the campus. She had two suitcases to tug upstairs into a bedroom that looked out over the yard. There was unharmed wooden floor that complimented the pale blue-green walls, the peaked ceiling had low lamps strung across it. It was quickly noticed how many small light sources there were, but she didn't mind. What she did mind was the lace curtains around the window that were drawn open, letting a stream of northern sunlight light the room by a window seat that Deanna chose to drop her bags just to sit upon it. She always wanted one... A small desk was placed near the bed, and she was quite thankful for a small workspace. She couldn't help but smile at the thought of trying her luck out on decorating. No rules. No Mrs. Ward to confiscate drawings and paintings. Soon, Deanna would have a wall purely for art. Drawings, paintings, sketches would begin to cloak the wall. She'd even place music sheets that Katie had given her on the wall. She couldn't play to save her life, but Katie's art deserved to be on her wall of cherished art. Then came unpacking time. Deanna sheepishly blushed when Charlie saw that most of her luggage held books, journals, and supplies than clothes. She shrugged lamely, giving a half hearted smile before he rested a hand on her shoulder and promised that he'd take her shopping. Deanna didn't dare protest. She knew she was desparate need of clothes. Five shirts and three pants weren't enough. "Hungry?" Charlie asked, not knowing how to deal with such a short unpacking. Deanna shook her head, and opted for just getting shopping over with. Charlie had asked if she wanted to go to name branded stores, but she insisted on a simple dressing for less store. It took one quick trip to Port Angeles again, two hours of shopping. One hundred dollars later, they were returning home with twenty-seven new clothes and three pairs of footwear. Deanna was a thrifty girl. For one reason, she enjoyed having up to date tech. By the time they got home a second time, they parted ways. Her to her room, and him to his. She supposed it was a first for the both of them. Charlie for having someone living with him, and her for not having someone to share her room with. Despite the aesthetically pleasing room, she felt a pang of emptiness when she returned from her shower. There was no Katherine to greet her. There was no one to smile at her and share silent space with. No. This silence was empty, with only Deanna to fill. Deanna would have to wait until the next day at lunch and afterschool to hear from Katie. This night, Deanna Walsh would endure the loneliness and begin to learn how to begin to fill the emptiness on her own.