Spending over a decade of sleeping in the same place as hundreds of other girls made me feel safe. Now it's just me, alone in a tiny house with Death as company. He makes a good watchdog, though. "There is no-one inside, Bella," Edward says knowingly at my back. I open the door and he nudges me through. Sometimes I think he enjoys poking and prodding me simply because he can – he would go straight through any other mortal, taking their soul with them as he passes. "I know," I mutter in embarrassment, "I was just finding the right key." He barks out a laugh while making himself comfortable inside, lounging out on my small sofa. It would look funny, a six-foot-two man trying to fit comfortably on furniture barely large enough for a teenager, if he didn't look so unbelievably handsome doing so. I try to keep my heart rate at a steady pace, knowing this isn't simply a man, but Death incarnate. It doesn't matter how good his bronze, wavy hair looks against my furniture, or how safe I feel wrapped in his strong, scarred arms, because he isn't human. I need to learn to feel safe on my own. I try not to spend too long looking at him as he always gets so smug when he catches me, although I'm usually just in awe that I can see Death and can't quite believe it. I spend the next twenty minutes cleaning the place up in preparation for Jacob before moving into the kitchen to prepare something light to eat. I've eaten nothing since yesterday morning, unable to keep down anything solid in my stomach knowing I was about to attend a funeral. "Do you want something to eat?" I ask aloud, knowing the answer is, of course, no . However, it was a strict part of my upbringing to never eat without offering your guest something, and it amuses me to watch him try the few times he agrees. He's able to pick up the food and put it in his mouth, but once his hand releases, it simply drops through his body to the floor. Watching him drink is even better. I haven't figured out why he's able to interact with other objects if he chooses to but I don't waste sleep over trying to work it out. "Marmite." I glare down at the stale cracker in my hand, silently cursing every person who made the quip to me in Edward's presence. My parents moved to England for a year when I was six, trying to find a suitable school for mentally disturbed children. When it didn't work out they moved back home to Arizona while I was shipped off to a boarding school in Forks. Unfortunately, I never quite lost the barely noticeable lilt of my English accent. "Very funny," I say, watching him try to hide his smile behind a large hand. His sharp, squared jawline is hidden behind a light beard – not quite stubble but not quite thick enough to hide his creamy skin underneath. "You get nothing, then, since we're all out of Marmite." "'Tis a shame," he mutters before vanishing off the couch in the blink of an eye. Moments later he appears at my side behind the counter, holding a jar of the spread in his hand. I take it from his outstretched hands with a breathy laugh. A simple illusion, my butt. "Or not. Guess we're having sandwiches. That is if I have any bread." The sound of a knock – loud and sharp – cuts through whatever Edward was going to say. I smooth down my thick hair out of instinct, taking a few steps towards the door when I see Edward, again, has already shifted there. "I'll get it," he exclaims, wrenching it open with more strength than is necessary. Jacob's standing behind it, holding a fist up and looking as surprised as I feel. "You really need better security if a small knock can open your door like this," he says, glancing at the hinges on my door, his eyes seeing through Edward's body. "I could have been anybody." "Yet it's always him," Edward says, throwing a dark smile to me over his shoulder. It's times like these I'm glad no-one else can see him. I make a noncommittal sound aimed at both of them. My heart is pounding frantically inside my chest. I don't like having Edward so close to Jacob – one wrong, sudden move and he'll be gone. Just like Leah. "Can I come in?" Jacob asks politely. "I decided to skip the repass. I thought you might need me more." I glance up at Edward, willing with all my might to make him disappear. To give me this time alone with Jacob so I don't have a heart attack at their proximity. He must understand what I'm trying to do because his smug smile disappears for a second before it comes back in full force. He rolls his neck to either side with ease, stretching out the taut muscles in them – not that they would need to be stretched at all. "Of course," I answer, gesturing with a hand for Jacob to come in, "I was just about to make sandwiches." He steps forward, half a second away from colliding into Edward. My breath catches in my throat, my hand stretching out in instinct, in an attempt to do something, anything to stop them from touching. My worries are all for naught though, as Edward simply frowns at me, throws a look of dark loathing at Jacob and vanishes before my eyes. I calm my racing heart with a few deep breaths. God. That man is going to kill me one day. A/N: Thanks for reading. I'd love to get your feedback - especially if anything's confusing for readers. Like I mentioned it's been on my computer for so long it's hard to read it with fresh eyes.