back of my thighs, I lock my legs around his narrow waist, and he walks us past the living area, past the bathroom, and into the room where he's taken up residence, near the back of the house. Edward lays me on the bed, malleable from age and the down topper covering the mattress, and I raise my arms over my head to wrap my fingers around the brass rails of the headboard. The weight of him climbing over me and pressing on my still jean-clad center is jolting in the best of ways. He is firm and full above me, rubbing against me with such longing. My back is arched when, finally, my jeans are pulled from my legs and he lifts me over his thighs as he sits back on his heels on the bed, and our middles meet. The feel of him, opening and filling me, is glorious. So glorious, in fact, that my nails press deeply into the tattooed muscles of his back and shoulders. The Marine Corps crest is branded firmly above his heart, a place of honor amongst the other pieces of art adorning his body. I feel the familiar ache swell in my chest for those I've lost to that damn war. The purpose of my emigration was never fulfilled. I've chosen to exist in solitude and wait out each day until my life fades away. But rebellion rises faster the deeper he presses, until I'm losing the strings of my old self to whatever may be with this purely American man. In spite of everything he represents, I feel the frayed threads snap from what I was and stitch themselves to who I am with him in this moment and place. Our lovemaking is at once a furious battle and a gentle song, but lovemaking it is, I know. Because I've spent three weeks secluded with a stranger who has come to know me better than anyone else in my life, though he may understand only a little. Can you love someone fully when you know naught save half-truths of them? If he returns my affections, he does not speak them aloud, but then neither do I. I feel them there in the way his fingers touch my most sensitive parts, and the way he draws from me the shuddering surrender I've held at bay, and in the way my heart seizes as his gallops beneath me as I move above him with my palms pressed flat to his chest. I feel it in the way he slips from my body before painting my leg and hip with his pleasure in grunting gasps. It's there when I curl up beside him on the soft, warm bed, and I feel sleep drawing me under sudden waves of comatose. And I feel it leaving as he pulls himself from the bed many minutes later while a heavy weight encourages my eyelids to close. In those final moments of consciousness, I hear the shifting of clothes and blankets and the noisy sliding of furniture away from the wall. What is he doing? I want to speak the words aloud, but I find my voice is paralyzed with the need to sleep. "Masen here," I hear him speak, muddled and hazy in my dazed constitution. I force my eyelids to open to slits wide enough only to spy him standing over me, looking down, and pressing two fingers to the pulse thudding at my neck, as if to make certain my heart still beats. "I have Isabella Swan," he speaks into something. Maybe it's the cell phone that didn't work when I found him. "Yes, I did," he answers a query from the other side. "Yes, sir. That is correct: a positive ID on the Serbian national, Tanya Palović." How? I wonder, and use all my strength to lift my head minutely from the pillow. How have they found me? I've been so careful. Mama and Papa were killed by NATO forces the very day my brother, Filip-Eduard of the Kosovo Liberation Force, was killed as he attempted to move me into a refugee camp and away from conflict. NATO did this all, and I was raised up from the ashes of my crumbled country like a phoenix, to make those responsible pay for their crimes. Except I could not do it. When I arrived in the United States, a trained assassin, ready to pick off leaders of what was called The Free World, I chose instead to disappear. I slipped away from my handlers and into the vast expanse of land and forest in the wilderness of America. I've lived in quiet peace for six years…until him. "No," he whispers to me, gingerly, lovingly—as though something meaningful has truly existed between us in these hours and weeks—pressing my head back to the pillow and kissing my brow. "It's for your own good, Bella." I cannot tell how much time passes, but I feel Edward dressing me through my temporary paralysis, lifting my limbs to slip garments over them, and bundling me up for what I can only assume is a trek outside. My eyes are more alert now, yet my extremities cannot be willed to move. And then I hear it: the swift chop, chop, chop of helicopter blades whipping the cold air like egg whites. The small groan of protest escapes my lips, but it's futile to argue or attempt to move. I am wholly at his will. "All will be well." His promise is loud, echoing in my ear, as he steps from the cabin with me in his arms and into the frosty world with a helicopter waiting to take me to an unknown place. "Be glad I found you before they did, love." He shifts me into a gurney on the chopper. He presses his lips to my ear in the small moment before stepping back to watch me ascend above him like an apparition into the clouded sky. A/N: Thanks!