it". The girl she recalled as Bella quickly said, "It's no problem, if you need us to pick you up every morning let us know". Bella gave Tanya a small smile, which she returned and laid her head back a little. She didn't pay much attention, but she felt the guy next to her look mildly surprised at her. She looked back at him and raised an eyebrow at him, when the guy spoke, "Hello, I'm Jasper. I take that you're Tanya?". Tanya's mouth formed into an 'o' shape for a second as she gave him a small nod, not saying a single word. The rest of the car ride went by uneventful, although she saw how tense Edward, and Bella was, how they'd constantly look back at Jasper who was still looking at her mildly surprised. It wasn't long until they stopped at the school and Tanya quietly said, "Thank you again" before she left the car and walked towards the school. She saw how some girls were staring at her and heard one even loudly exclaim, "She looks anorexic, probably a slut..." She chuckled at that softly and got to the secretary's office to get her schedule. She sighed at her schedule and simply shrugged it off, before continuing on to her classes. She had Calculus/Trigonometry first. She managed to find her way to the class quite easily, realizing that the school set up was just like her old school, interestingly enough, even the classes were in the same places. She thought for a minute about how odd it was and eventually brushed it off. Tanya wasn't exactly dumb, but she wasn't extremely smart either, it was a surprise she hadn't dropped out from high school yet. She quietly found the classroom, ignoring the stares and occasional catcalls from random guys, trying to be funny. She introduced herself to the class and sat down in an empty spot, by a window, up until she saw Edward, who sat down next to her. She looked at him for a moment, seeing his intrigued face, eventually brushing it off and ignoring him for the rest of the class. Her day wasn't very eventful, it consisted of boring classes, up until lunch she managed to have herself left alone, she decided that it was time to finally have a smoke break, so she wandered out of school. Walking behind it and into the small forest that surrounded it, she pulled out her pack of cigarettes, picking out one from it and putting it between her lips whilst she toyed around in her bag, looking for her lighter, only to hear a twig break behind her. Tanya's attention turned behind her, only to see Bella, Edward, Alice, and Jasper standing behind her. Her attention turned away from them, back to her lighter search as she finally found it, only to feel their stares, some amused, the other concerned, on her back. She finally lit the cigarette, inhaling the smoke and exhaling it, whilst eyeing the group down, who seemed to be like curious puppies. Tanya finally spoke, her voice worn out and raspy, "Can I help you all?" "No, can we help you?" When Tanya heard that, she raised her eyebrow slightly, trying to figure who said it, until she saw Bella eyeing her down. She inhaled the smoke from the cigarette again, looking at them, her eyebrow still raised, until she heard someone whisper, very quietly. "She doesn't need us, let's just leave, it's a waste of time and you know it." Tanya chuckled as she spoke up, "At least one of you realizes it, please, do leave me alone. It's better that way, no strings attached, you know." This made the guy, that she recognized as Jasper, frown, to which she raised her eyebrow, she didn't give it much thought as she finally turned away and started walking out of their view, soon merging within the woods. She had decided to skip the rest of her classes as she wandered out to the road, finding herself walking back home, only to see a silver Volvo almost shoot by her, up until it braked almost in front of her. She raised her eyebrow slightly as she saw Edward, Bella and Jasper look terribly stressed, she decided it's best if she doesn't bother them and walked past them, knowing that she wasn't that far away from the house, at this point, since she had been on the road for an hour now. She noticed that they drove slowly next to her, whilst Jasper opened the window and spoke out, "Get in, we'll drive you home." "I'll be fine, I don't mind walking." Tanya responded quietly, giving him a small smile, before continuing to walk. Jasper attempted to invite her in once more, however she stood her ground and politely refused, causing them to give up as they drove off. She spent another 30 minutes walking home, until she reached the small house. She finally took in the look of it, noticing how gloomy it looks, seeing how the trees wrap around it as if guarding it from the outside world. The chimneys didn't seem to be reaching for God anymore, however it seemed now as if they were trying to escape from the forests hard grasp onto the house. Tanya took in all of the details of the house, the small ornaments that decorated the window's, the tree roots visibly sneaking their way into the house, even the cracked tiles, that lead to the garage. She wasn't sure what she wanted to do anymore, considering it luckily had been a Friday, she might as well get the money tomorrow that her aunt left for her. With that thought in mind she carried herself to the doors, unlocking them, before softly shutting them close behind her only to let a scream pass her lips as she stumbled to open the doors, afterwards stumbling back towards the road, not looking back at the house.