I didn't notice before comes out of the trees off to my left. Shoulder length, honey blonde hair blowing in the slight breeze. I can see he has on what appears to be a black leather jacket over a white t-shirt and faded blue jeans, hiking boots on his feet. I know when he approaches I'll be able to see how pale he is, the sparkling of his skin where the sun hits it, and the gold of his eyes. I know without a doubt I'm looking, at Jasper Hale. Jasper I watched Bella and Laurent from the trees. I had hoped not to have to reveal myself, or the pack to her just yet. Unfortunately this changed every thing. I couldn't allow him to kill her. Not when my future depended on her living. Not when it would kill me too. I could feel the pack's anticipation. They're probably extremely excited to finally do what they're supposed to get to do. All young men chomping at the bit. I remember what it was like to be young and reckless, before that Mexican bitch stole my life from me and forced me to grow up, too much, too soon. I refocus on the scene in front of me. Bella is frozen, not moving an inch, as if she thinks moving might provoke Laurent to attack her sooner. I can just make out what she's saying. Asking Laurent to change her. I could have told her his answer. As a nomad he wouldn't want the responsibility of keeping a newborn in check. He couldn't just abandon her, like Alice's creator did, because he would face the Volturi's wrath and Laurent is a coward at heart. I could feel the underlying fear in our brief encounter with him all those months ago and now, he still has a slight fear under all the other emotions he's feeling. The thirst, the smugness. He thinks he can get away with killing her and Victoria will just leave him alone but what he hasn't realized yet is that Victoria would hunt him down for stealing her revenge. I've encountered too many vampires like her to think she'd do anything different. I shift my eyes to the right of my position in the trees, I can just make out the pack. They're so well hidden even my eyesight has trouble picking them apart from the trees and ground foliage they're hiding in. I can feel their irritation, their desire to get this over with. Shifting back to Laurent and Bella I see the talking is done. She's run out of stall tactics and he's closing in for the kill. I can feel resignation and fear coming from her, as well as a deep sorrow, for Edward most likely. Giving the signal I watch as the pack moves out of the trees. Feel and see the moment Laurent realizes what he's facing. I guess Victoria didn't warn him about the vampire killing wolf pack in the vicinity. Too bad for him. His gasp gets Bella's attention and I watch as she turns and sees the pack. I expected a feeling of extreme fear coming from her, but she surprises me, instead I feel the same amount of fear as when she was facing Laurent as well as confusion and curiosity. The confusion I can understand, the curiosity however, confuses me. Why would she be curious? I'll have to ask her later. I watch as Laurent turns to run, Sam barking out the signal to give chase. The rest of the pack follow while Jake pauses next to Bella. I can feel hope at first but then he starts feeling an immense sadness followed by a resigned acceptance. If I didn't already know he hoped that Bella would one day feel the same towards him as he feels towards her, I would wonder what that was about, but as I know he has a crush on her, at least up to this moment. I know he was hoping for the imprint to happen. I'm not sure if it will work while he's in wolf form, but obviously he thought it might and has realized she isn't meant for him. I could have told him that. She's meant for me, after all, if Alice's note and what I've been feeling the last five months is to be believed. He finally follows the others a moment later and she turns and watches. I step out of the trees and watch as she notices me. I can see and feel the shock coming from her, as well as a feeling I don't think she realizes she's feeling, joy . Joy to see me for myself or because I'm a Cullen though? That's the question. I flit to her quickly, I need to touch her, and to get her out of here just in case Victoria has returned from the last time we drove her off. I just hope that she doesn't fight me. I did try to kill her the last time we saw each other after all. I know it wasn't my fault, now , but I hated myself for a couple days after the party. I hated I couldn't control myself. It was only after I went off on my own and actually thought about it that I realized I wasn't totally at fault, that feeling the others thirst on top of my own is what made me lose control. I just hope Bella can forgive me for it. I guess we'll find out. Facing her now I can see she hasn't changed much, her face a little gaunt and she's a little skinnier but she's still beautiful. Still worth it. How did I get lucky enough for her to actually be my mate, and not Edward's? I can see the confusion and shock on her face and know I need to get her out of here. I'm about to break the silence, when she beats me to it...