now and give this stranger a ride. Something about him walking alone in this rain, at this time of night, just tugged at my heart strings, and I had to pull over. I couldn't put my finger on it, but there was just something compelling about him. I parked the car a considerable ways ahead, then waited with both anticipation and anxiety, as he took notice and proceeded to make his way over. I continued to watch him like a hawk through my rear view mirror. Strangely, something inside me kept telling me that this was right, that it was fate meeting up with this stranger. I couldn't place where all of this intuition was coming from or even begin to understand this feeling. I just went with it. Once he glanced up and saw my car parked ahead, I saw him crack a huge smile. Boy, he had some smile. He straightened up his posture immediately, and halted his footsteps. It seemed he took just a second to compose himself. Then he began gingerly jogging my way. As he made his way over, I was mentally giving myself a talking to. I kept repeating in my head that I wasn't just about to set myself up to become a victim. He certainly seemed harmless enough, and I was being a good Samaritan. Besides, I wasn't any ordinary woman. Charlie insisted that I learned self-defense as soon as I was old enough, and every year as I got older, made certain that I kept up my skills. Also, Jacob and I had taken up some kick boxing at the Forks community center a while back. I was confident that I could handle an attacker like him if he turned out to be one. He was tall yes, but he wasn't overly large all around. As I stared at him, I could gather that he was more on the lean side, but he surely had some muscle tone, too. I quickly ran through all the techniques in my head that I remembered...mentally preparing myself... in case he turned out to be a predator instead of a someone just down on his luck. I was sincerely hoping he was the latter. I wasn't in need of another fight right now. But, just in case, I grabbed the small can of mace that I kept in my purse, upon Charlie's insistence again, and clutched it to me. Boy, what would Charlie, and for that matter, Jacob, think of me now doing this, giving this hitchhiker a ride? Well, if this stranger did turn out to be a menace, and I'd survived, I'd be eternally grateful for all the skills they both gave me that helped me to defend myself. A tinge of sadness briefly swept over me thinking that if something were to go wrong with this decision that I just made, I had left Jacob and the rest of them during the thralls of an argument. I shook those negative thoughts and the sadness away. I continued my gawking of this stranger, as he got closer... and closer still to me...hugging his jacket to him whilst clutching the straps of his backpack that I hadn't before noticed that he had. As he made his way around towards the passenger side of the car, I was now able to make out more of his facial features. He was indeed young like I thought. He had a straight nose, and a strong, angular jawline. He had a hint of stubble that didn't deter at all from his looks. Even in this din of night, I could already see that he was a very handsome fellow...very handsome indeed. With his height and lean, muscular toned body, he could pass for a male model, and certainly with his style: leather jacket, tight jeans, a button down plaid shirt slightly opened to reveal a tight t-shirt underneath, he might as well have stepped off a magazine ad onto this roadside. What was such a good-looking man doing hitchhiking like this in the middle of the night? He certainly had my curiosity piqued. Hmmm...this could be very interesting. I couldn't wait to see what color his eyes were, and...oh... lest not forget that amazing sex hair of his. I kept the doors locked, but lowered the power window a bit once he got around to the passenger side. I was still a little hesitant about giving this man, albeit handsome stranger, a ride. I needed to assess him a bit first. I was ready to bolt and leave him in the dust if he so much rubbed me the wrong way even if he was very good-looking. As he peered in, I gasped and took pause. With the light in the car now fully illuminating him, I could see that this man was just not handsome...no that wasn't adequate enough..he was positively god-like. His eyes were a brilliant shade of green. His gaze was so deep, I couldn't help but feel a longing to be lost within its depths. His hair was such an unusual color, a toss up of shades between bronze and copper would be a good way of describing it, and the untamed nature of it made this man even more appealing up close. I couldn't help but think to myself that I'd like to run my own fingers through that hair of his. He cleared his throat and began to speak. I blushed, knowing that I was caught blatantly staring. My manners went somewhere with my rational brain cause I was utterly speechless at the sight of him standing there somewhat drenched, and my focus were on the rain drops that were slowly cascading down his hair and beautiful face. I couldn't help but long to be those droplets of water caressing his skin. I bit my lower lip as I could feel myself getting highly aroused at all the impure thoughts my mind was racing through. This stranger, this man, he was mesmerizing.