her stomach. The woman started at the two, the fact that they could be seen by her meant one thing; the woman's life was at an end. "Please, I know what you are" the woman begged the creature she believed was an angel. "Don't save me, save my child." Scylla saw this as an opportunity for the flower, for her to live a human life, to experience things she never experienced before, to take a break. She placed her hand on her shoulder and nodded her head. The child had a faint heartbeat, but they both knew the child had no soul. The flower placed her hand firmly on the woman's stomach, the woman screamed out as she felt the pain of labor. Then she was gone, the flower had vanished. Scylla bent down to aid the woman toiling through labor. Then she was born a little girl with dark auburn hair. Scylla took off her cloak and wrapped it around the screaming newborn. She placed her on the dying woman's chest. "She is beautiful" the woman spoke as she looked down at her child. "Isabella Marie" was the last thing she said, before she took her last breath. Scylla grabbed the child as heard the sirens in the distance. "Well, Isabella Marie I will be awaiting you when the time comes." In the bottom of the sea The Scythe of Hades' was incomplete, not only was 'The Cordis Blade' missing, but so was the 'Animus Blade'. The light on the staff slowly flickered and blinked into darkness. Charlie was despondent his wife was dead, she had been on her way to hospital to have their child delivered and the car spun out because it hit black ice on the road. He looked through the glass watching his child, Isabella Marie Swan in the newborn nursery. What was he to do now? He wondered. He did not feel the presence next to him. "She is special" Scylla spoke to Charlie. Charlie was grateful; this woman had saved Isabella he does not know what would have become of him if he had lost his daughter along with his wife. "I want to thank you for what you did" She handed Charlie a cup of coffee "don't mention it" "I don't know what to do" Charlie said after he took a sip of the coffee. "We have much to discuss" Kachiri signaled to Charlie in the direction of the chairs in the waiting room. There is a lot to explain to Charlie, about his daughter and Hades' Flower. The Cullens were paying a visit to their cousins the Denali coven. It was sudden and excruciating when they all heard Alice scream out. It caught them all by surprise. Alice to them was different; she had moments where her heart beat, why? They did not know or understand. It fascinated Carlisle; he studied her trying to figure it out. There were times where Alice would sing, a beautiful song and her heart began to beat. It angered Edward; his gift would not work on Alice anytime that had occurred. This time it was different Alice collapsed in anguish, something she had never done before. "Carlisle, come quickly" Esme screamed out for her mate, who was upstairs talking to Carmen and Eleazar. Jasper scooped his wife up. "Jasper, take her to my room" Tanya commanded Jasper as she blurred in the direction of her room, Jasper soon followed. Other than Jasper and Alice everyone else was downstairs in the living room, trying to figure out what had happened to Alice. "She is resting" Carlisle rubbed his forehead as he spoke; he had just descended the stairs after checking up on Alice. "Carlisle, have you considered what we spoke about before?" Eleazar and Carmen had been discussing the Alice's unusual nature, of Alice's condition. About the many times that Alice's heart would beat when she would sing. How her physiology would change during the song. "What are you both saying?" Esme asked worried about her youngest child. "It is a myth" Carlisle did not believe the story that Carmen and Eleazar had told him. They both had an encounter with the Flower during the first vampire war. On that day he made the decision to leave the Volturi. In addition Carmen, before she met her mate had a run in with the Senna and Kachiri, they saved her from a pack of were-creatures, and they told her about the Flower and the possibility of joining their coven. She has wandered around for several years and found Eleazar, her mate; both were headed in the same direction, wanting to join the Amazon coven. Unfortunately when they arrived they were gone. Eleazar and Carmen retold the story to everyone else. "Wait, does that mean Alice has the Flower's heart?" Kate asked. "As I mentioned before, the Flower wields a scythe" Carmen explained "one blade is called the 'Cordis Blade', and the other is named the 'Animus Blade'. Edward was silent; he focused on Jasper's thoughts and Alice's visions. He needed to control Jasper, manipulate him. He was also making sure he deleted Alice's visions, he always has. He always saw Alice's visions of the future he will prevent what was supposed to occur. At the moment he saw one vision that Alice had seen in the past, a baby, lying in a hospital room. 'Isabella Marie Swan'. AN: As I said before I hope you have enjoyed. I don't have a Beta-reader I hope that I didn't disappoint because of that. English is my second language I hope that that excuses me a bit. Those are my three 'hopes'. If only one person acknowledges the fact that they want to keep reading I will continue to post the story. One last thing, I have written one 'lemony' chapter, would like yes or no on whether or not you would mind it posted. First time writing lemon, so want opinions on ways I can improve for other stories.