wars, they get support, but if she were to do something as little as trick Persephone into being her wife, she was to be turned into a woman. She did not see the fairness at all. "I don't have to fight for Olympus; especially when Olympus has done nothing for me. And if any of you feel as if it's my duty to serve Olympus, then you can suck my cock!" Hades shouted with a crude grab to said cock before turning around on her heel to storm back towards the elevator that would take her down to the lobby of the Empire State Building. "Hades!" Zeus voice boomed through out the hall in an attempt to stop her. However, Hades just kept on walking, ignoring him. "I will give you a spot on Olympus!" Zeus shouted out in a last-ditch effort. Hades immediately froze at his words, her interest reluctantly caught. She slowly turned to see a red faced Zeus and the shocked expressions on the gods faces. She couldn't help the slow smirk that took form on her lips. "I'm listening." Hades said. Although the gods took advantage of her, she couldn't banish that small part of her that wanted to sit amongst her brothers and sisters, and the rest of her family. It got kind of lonely in the Underworld. Well, Persephone was amazing in bed, so that helped a lot, but when they weren't sexing it up, she was getting bitched at by Persephone and Persephone's mother. She could use a break every once and a while and Olympus could be that break. "Father, you surely can't be serious?" Athena said with a look of horror on her face. "Yes, Athena. I am serious." He informed his daughter, not once taking his eyes off of Hades. "If you aid us, I will grant you a spot on Olympus." Zeus hated that he had to allow Hades back into Olympus in order to keep it and it's people safe, but with this threat hanging above his head, he was willing to offer up one of his fears. Hades stroked her imaginary beard, her face scrunched in thoughtfulness. She spoke after a long moment of silence, in which was done purposely in order to grate on their nerves. "If I accept this quest, I want a spot on Olympus AND my own cabin at Camp Half-Blood." Zeus' brow rose. "You have no children." "So?" Zeus sighed. Dealing with Hades was, well...he'll just leave it at that. "Done." "AND I want Aphrodite to change me back to a full man!" Hades said, shooting said goddess a nasty glare that would have caused any mortal to defecate themselves. "No, you have yet to learn your lesson. Until then, you will forever stay half a man, half a women." Aphrodite told The Lord of the underworld in a firm tone of voice. "What in Tartarus' name? I get changed into half a woman because I played a harmless trick on my wife in order to get her to marry me; while Zeus over here cheats on Hera with twenty different women in, like, one week," Hera scowled at being reminded of her husbands transgressions. ", yet I'm the one who grew tits and suffers through phantom periods? I mean, what's up with that?" Hades asked, very much bitter. Zeus' face turned red in anger while his jaw clenched tightly. "You get the throne and the cabin, take it or leave it." Zeus snapped. He would have made Aphrodite grant Hades wish, but seeing as she'd just made a fool out of him in front of the gods and his wife, he'd happily withhold that from her. Hades glared at Zeus. "Fine," she reluctantly agreed "but you have to swear on the River Styx." "I swear on the River Styx that I, Zeus, will give the, Hades, a spot amongst the gods here on Mount Olympus and a Cabin for her future children at Camp Half-Blood." Zeus slowly sated. Hades clapped her hands together in joy. "Well, It looks like I've got me a quest to go on." Hades said as she started to slowly back up towards the elevator door. "Not so fast, Hades. You still don't know where it is you will be going." Zeus said, his muscular arms crossed in front of his chest. Hades rolled her eyes. It was kind of scary how good at that she has gotten every since she was changed into a woman. "Fine, where is this place I must go?" she asked him impatiently, wanting to get this quest over with already so she can terrorize the gods with her spot on Olympus. "The Oracle believes it to be in a small town in Washington called, Forks." "Fine, I'll go to this Forks, Washington, kick some king's ass, come back, and then take your throne." Hades said, smirking when she saw Zeus' face turn redden, as well as heard the loud and angry protests from the other gods. "Oh keep your togas on, will ya'. I was just playing." "Do not play with me, brother." Zeus growled. "That would be unwise." Hades rolled her eyes as she waved him off. "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I heard it all before and yes, it is still is old. Seriously, Zeus. You need to relax. I would suggest you get laid, but we all know you take care of that extensively." "Hades!" "Alright! Alright! I'm leaving, yeesh." Hades said with her hands up in defense as she backed into the empty elevator. She pressed the glowing button that would take her down to the buildings lobby. "And oh! Don't forget to wear protection, brother. I don't need to play uncle to any more meddling demigods." Hades said with a mischievous smirk right before the elevator doors closed, immediately snickering from amusement upon hearing Zeus' enraged voice screaming her name through the metal doors. Moore Info: As you can see, I really love Greek/Roman Mythology (Hence, Phoenix: Transformations).