good to finally get that off my chest. A shocked silence engulfs the room as I look around I notice that I have gained everybody's undivided attention. I'm not really sure what else needs to be said as I look to Rosalie for help. I see her shrug, but thankfully we don't have to wait long for somebody to say something. "When you left last night Rosalie did you go to Bella's house to confess your feelings or did this happen this morning?" Esme asks softly in her typical motherly tone. "Yes, last night after Edward and I talked and he acted as though Bella was his property I couldn't stand it any longer. I've known for weeks that Bella was in love with somebody else, but I didn't know who. I went over last night to find out." I feel Rosalie kiss my cheek which makes me smile softly. Every single gesture makes me feel truly loved, like I actually matter to her. "She's mine! You can't have her!" I don't know what happened exactly, but the next thing I know I feel an intense pain in my head and along my right side. I'm too dizzy to see what's going on around me, but I can hear growling and hissing followed by the sound of metal shredding. I try to resist the urge to pass out, but I can feel myself starting to slip away. "Rosalie," I barely whisper out before everything around me goes black. I don't know how long I spent in isolation with nothing but the cold darkness to keep me company. I couldn't tell if I was alive or dead, but after a while the silence turned from a trusted friend into an entity that I hated. I don't know what happened to me or Rosalie and waking up seems like an impossible feat at this point in time. I finally begin to feel some of my senses starting to return to me, but unfortunately the first thing I feel is a searing pain in the head and along my whole right side. It's evident that I collided with something, but I have no clue what. I try to ignore the pain when I feel a chilled hand holding my own as though it were their only lifeline. "It's time to rise and shine, my beautiful Bella. It's been 2 days now. Surely you've rested more than enough by now." I hear Rosalie whisper in a watery tone. "You know how much I hate to be kept waiting." She sighs as she kisses the back of my hand. I try to say something, but for some reason I can't seem to form the words. I tried several times, but still nothing is coming out. "I'm so sorry, Bella. I was only trying to move you out of the way before Edward could hurt you. I never meant to push you so hard. It's my fault you're stuck lying in this bed." I hear remorse and an intense sense of self-hatred in her tone that really worries me. I hate that she's blaming herself for this. "I guess my mom was right. Everything I touch I somehow manage to ruin. I don't know why now would be any different." I feel the bed dip when Rosalie takes a seat on the edge. I feel the tips of her fingers lightly brush my cheek as she releases a soft sigh. "I should have kept quiet. You never would have gotten heard if I had kept my feelings to myself." I notice that Rosalie's breathing elevates right before she releases a pain filled sob that breaks my heart. I was almost ready to give up on trying to speak until I heard that. I don't care what happens to me. I will never regret finally telling Rosalie how I feel. If anything I should have spoken up sooner. It takes a few more tries before I'm able to roughly groan out one word. "No….." I feel Rosalie's hand recoil in shock. It only takes a few more moments before I feel her presence hovering over me. "Bella, can you hear me? Please answer if you can hear me." Rosalie brings my good hand up to rest against her cheek. "Hey..." I croak out as I try to adjust to get more comfortable. I quickly realize that that wasn't the best idea I've ever had as more pain rips through me. "No, please don't try moving yet Bella." Rosalie whispers softly as she moves a hand down to rest against my stomach. "You have a serious concussion and your right side it better bruised from your collision with a wall." I hum softly so she knows that I'm still listening. My throat is too dry to try talking again just yet. We allow the silence to envelope up as I just enjoy having her with me. I take this time to gain a better sense of my surroundings and realize that I don't hear an incessant beeping sound that I usually would if I was in the hospital. I know that if I try to open my eyes it will only lead to more pain in my head so I think I'll just have to wait a little while longer. Against my will I feel my muscles beginning to relax once again as the darkness begins to engulf me. "Please never leave me, Bella." Rosalie whispers softly when she hears my heartbeat starting to even out again. "Never..." So while I'm recovering (yet again) I won't really be posting any new chapters for my chapter stories, but I will probably be working on one-shots or whatever else comes to mind. No offense, but I don't trust my assistant enough not to mess with my stories. It would easily be too much temptation for them. Anyway let me know what you think. Should I write a Part II or just leave it at this? Reviews make me feel better.