are not all the same strength. Emmett is the strongest of all of us. We have no blood so we are very cold. Some of our kind have extra gifts. Edward can read minds. Alice can see the future based on peoples decisions. Jasper can feel and control emotions. Molly can judge a persons charter." Carlisle explained. "But for some reason only Molly's gift works on you." said Edward. "Now that we told you what we are you should tell us what you are." he said not unkindly. "Ok. But tell me on thing first. Does your kind have a mate thing or is it more like humans?" I asked them. "When we meet our mate we know instantly. We are drawn to that person and we will protect them with our lives." Carlisle answered. "Ok. Where to start. How about my age. I was born in the year 1764 B.C. That makes me 3777 years old. I am the second oldest of my kind. My mother is the only one older, but she should have died a long time ago. Now my race is Banshee. The banshee are a female race. Some rules of the banshee are that if her hair is white it usually means they are powerful, but this is not always the case. But the whiter the white, the stronger they are. Now the longer their hair is the stronger they are. Most banshee have hair to just past there shoulders. And a banshees hair never grows. If she is born with hair to her shoulders, then as she grows her hair will say at her shoulders. It can only grow it she becomes more powerful. This doesn't happen often. So with that in mind, my hair touches the ground and is the whitest hair anyone has ever seen. I am also the only male. And I can grow out my hair, so I can become even more powerful. All of this makes me the most powerful of all the banshee. We are the most powerful of all races, so I am the most powerful thing on Earth. "We have what is are natural hair length. That is where are hair is when we are born, or if we become more powerful then where it grew to. When I was born my hair was only to my mid back. Over the past few years it has grown to be longer than I am tall. This hair that touches the ground unless I have it over my shoulder of pulled back is my natural hair length. "When a banshees hair starts to stand up in every direction this means she is pulling power from the Tree of Light. That is our power source. The longer the hair the more power can be pulled and the more can be stored in the body. When a banshees hair is up their attacks are even more powerful. No human can touch my hair without getting shocked by my banshee energy, and that doesn't go well with humans. They usually die. Even most banshee can't touch my hair without getting hurt. "Now I am powerful enough that even if the second strongest banshee has her hair up, her most powerful attack can't hurt me with my hair down. "Now Alice what you saw in the office was me about to attack. I have spent 3760 years on the run form my kind. I was banished when I was about 17. They have been trying to kill me sense. "The normal banshees powers are her banshee blast, which is what you saw in my hand Alice, and they are very destructive. If I stand my hair up then a low level attack could destroy the whole earth, that is how powerful I am. The normal banshee can also shoot banshee blasts from here eyes and mouth. We have better aim if shot out of our eyes, but we have better control of the power level of the blast with our hands. We have to put a lot of power into the blast to get it out of our eyes. "When we really want to scare someone or are about to use a lot of power our eyes and/or mouth glow with the same light as the blast. That is what you saw with my eyes Alice. We can also hit every musical note known to man and all that aren't. We can scream so load and high that no one can hear it. We can also fly and teleport. Most can only teleport once every few minutes, but I can do it about 10 times without trying. If I have my hair up I can teleport however many times I want. "My mom is the oldest of the banshee and the queen. My name is Alex Blaze, banished Prince of the Banshee. Any questions?" I asked as I finished. "Um. If your so old then why do you look so young?" Alice asked. "Normal banshee stop aging any where from 25 to 30 years old depending on how strong they are. I stopped at about 16 or 17." I answered. "Do you have a mating thing like we do?" Alice asked nervously. "Our power will warn us if we are in danger or when we met the one we are meant to be with. The feeling is different. After we meet our mate, our power will continue to stir tell our mate knows they are our mate. But our mates don't have to be with us. They can chose not to be mated to the banshee." I said "Have you met your mate?" Jasper asked me. "Yes." I said looking Alice. When I said yes she looked like I just killed her puppy. "I met her in the store last Wednesday, my first day here." I said looking at Alice. "Your mate is me?" she asked looking hopeful. "Yes, Alice. You are my mate." I said as my powers finally stopped stirring.