before she could retaliate. "I hate you, Edward." Bella grimaced, packing her things into her bag. "I love you too, Bella." He returned, sliding back into his chair with a smirk. -_-_-_- "How many Martinis have you had, Bella?" Edward smirked from the opposite side of the booth, leaning across the table to talk to Bella. She shrugged and downed the rest of her glass bringing the one Emmett had bought over for her into her hand. "Probably too many…." She hiccupped. "…but its Friday and my boyfriend's out of town because he's got too much ink so, whatever the hell fuck!" She took a large gulp and set the glass back down on the table. Edward tilted his head. "Are you okay Bella? Like…is everything okay between you and Jacob?" She scoffed, waving her hand at him. "I don't want to talk about Jacob. I don't want to talk about Jessica. I don't want to talk about work." Edward ran a hand through his hair, sipping at his whiskey. "What would you like to talk about Bella?" She sat back in her seat, trying to ignore Jasper and Alice who were currently making themselves at home on the seat beside her. Emmett was talking to a group of interns at the booth behind us. "I don't know." She sighed, pulling a strand of mahogany hair into her fingers. A smile came to Edwards face and he leaned towards her. "You're drunk, Bella." She shook her head relentlessly. "I'm not drunk. I'm…my blood to alcohol ratio is just…uneven right now. But I'm not drunk." She took another sip. "I think you've had enough." Edward reached forward, placing her hand on Bella's. She felt anger rise in her as she looked into his stupidly green eyes. He was smiling gently at her and she sighed, pushing her glass away from her. "Will you take me home, Edward?" Bella asked, moving to pull her bag out from under Jasper and Alice. "Of course Bella," Edward downed the rest of his drink and grabbed his messenger bag, pulling it over his shoulder so that it hung across his chest. Edward took her hand, leading her out of the bar after they said goodbye to the other Cullen siblings. Bella kept her hand in his, liking the way it felt in her intoxicated stupor. Trust Edward. He was always there for her. He pulled her hand through his elbow, linking them together as they started the walk to Bella's apartment. She felt his eyes on her but kept her own vision aimed at the footpath in front of her. "Bells?" Edward asked timidly. "Can I ask you something?" Bella looked up at him and nodded silently. "Is Jacob making you happy?" Bella looked away, suddenly not like the idea of having Edward walk her home. "I already told you I didn't want to talk about this." "Why not? We talked about Jessica last night. I just figured you might have some things you want to get off your chest about Jacob." Bella shook her head, "I wouldn't know what to say." Edward held her hand a little tighter, pulling her a little closer. "You know I think he's a great guy. right? A little intimidating, sure, but great all the same," his words made her smile. "He is pretty great." Bella agreed. "I don't know what it is. I guess I'm just nervous about Newton's promotion at work and I miss Jacob and you're still a douche so…all of that is a lot to handle." Edward chuckled, "I am not a lot to handle." Bella looked up at Edward, doe eyed and sarcastic. "But you are a douche." "Okay fine, maybe I am a lot to handle. But it's part of my charm. Nobody wants a guy with no issues, no aspirations to be the neediest guy in the Unites States. I think the women I take home like worshipping me. And I like it too." Bella rolled her eyes. In fact, she rolled her eyes around Edward a lot. "I think he has too many tattoos." "Too many tattoos in Jacob's book would require for him to have more tattooed skin than regular skin." "I used to like his tattoos." "What happened?" "I started missing his skin." She said sadly. Edward could sense Bella's sudden change in mood and her train was heading straight down emo track. "He's just a creative guy, Bells. The same way you and I project creativity into the magazine, and I into my love making, he does it into his tattoos. I think it's admirable. I for one will never get a tattoo because I'm a pussy." "Finally he admits it." Bella giggled, rubbing her face against Edward's sleeve. He smiled down at her droopy eyelids. "We're here Bella." Edward stopped outside Bella's apartment building and let her arm go, reaching into her bag to pull her key out for her. He held it up in front of her and smiled. "I'll be here bright and early tomorrow morning for your run, okay?" He dropped it into her open palm. Bella nodded with a yawn. "Bring coffee." "What will it be tomorrow, sweetheart?" Bella smiled. "Surprise me." She reached up to press a kiss to his cheek but Edward being Edward moved his head to the side to catch her lips. She growled as they met, feeling Edward smirk before they both pulled way. She shook her head at him as he smiled smugly and winked, adjusting his bag. "I'll see you in the morning Bells. Sleep tight." "I hate you, Edward!!" She called after him, moving to unlock her apartment door. "I love you too, Bella!" Edward called back before he disappeared into the night. TO BE CONTINUED… A/N: and there we have it. Let me know what you think. This story has me very excited. Edward will bring you a Dirty Martini if you review. True story… Extra dirty, even. If that's how you roll. -Rainer