tee shirt, jeans, and converse. "Tomorrow morning, I shall have appropriate clothing for you. I you would permit me, I will have to measure you." He walked over to the desk, pulling a tape measure out of the drawers. "Oh..." she looked down at her clothes. He was right. She couldn't wear this. "Of course, go ahead." "Thank you," he approached her, and she stood there, not sure what to do. "Please lift your arms," Bella instantly did so, seeing his eyes zoom to the strip of skin uncovered on her abdomen as her shirt lifted at her actions. He sighed, but said nothing as he quickly wrapped the tape measure around her waist and hips. "Forgive me," he apologized, before wrapping the tape measure around her bust, making her redden considerably. She almost wanted to laugh – almost. Here she was, 200 years in the past...getting her breasts measured by Carlisle, Edward's dad . Never in her life would she have thought such things. "I am finished," he said, not meeting her eyes as she lowered her arms, watching him replace the tape measure. "I am afraid that for tonight, you must wear those clothing items to bed," he motioned towards her outfit. "I have only men's clothing." "Give me one of your shirts then," Bella shrugged, familiar with the white, baggy shirts men wore of this time period. "That will work okay." "I must advise against that," he said, his eyes enlarging slightly. "It is not proper for a lady to wear men's attire. It would be far too revealing as it would show your legs." "..." "Carlisle, just give me a shirt. It's fine," she chuckled, rolling her eyes and giggling at the prim and proper Carlisle. Now that she was more at ease, it was rather amusing. "As you wish," he sighed in defeat, quickly leaving the room at vampire speed. She sighed heavily, tiredness washing over her body in a wave. She pulled down the blankets, running her hand across the white, silk sheets. "Wow," she murmured, kicking her shoes and socks off. Within moments, Carlisle returned, handing her a white bundle. She took it gently from him, her eyes warm. "Thank you, Carlisle," she said quietly, her voice full of her thanks. To her surprise, he was looking down at her feet. "What is the matter with your toenails?" he asked suddenly, bending down and taking her foot in his cold hand. "Forgive me," he repeated, staring at her purple toenail polish. "What is this?" Bella couldn't help it, she giggled, making him look up at her in alarm. "It's toe nail polish," she said, looking down at him and wiggling her toes. "In the future, girls paint their nails and toe nails all kinds of different colors." "What is this substance?" he asked, looking back down at her foot and running his finger over her big toe nail. "It is not the same as paint of this time." "No, its different," she smiled. "You'll see one day." He let her foot go, standing straight and looking down at her with an apologetic expression. "Forgive my rudeness. I did not have permission to touch your feet," he said regretfully. "It was improper of me. I was simply astonished, and acted on impulse. I will not do so in the future." Bella giggled again, shaking her head. This was so weird . "It's alright, Carlisle," she smiled. "They're just feet." "A gentleman should never touch a lady at any time without her consent," he said, inclining his head. His handsomeness hit her like a tidal wave. His pale hair had fallen over one eye and was tickling his regal cheekbone. She took a deep breath, trying not to let herself be dazzled by him. It wasn't right. "It's okay, you can touch me whenever you want." "..." Bella's eyes widened and she felt heat rush to her face. "I – uh, well, you know what I m-mean," she stammered, embarrassed as his eyes widened at her comment. "I meant...well, you k-know. F-feet and h-hands...n-not—erm." His lips stretched, showing off his sparklingly white teeth as a deep rumble came from his chest at his chuckle. As his perfect cheeks lifted, his chiseled jaw line became more pronounced, and his golden eyes were sharp and beautiful. Bella stared, wide-eyed for moments before she forced herself to tear her eyes away from him. She looked down at her feet, her face becoming even warmer. "I believe I understand," he said in a deep voice, causing her to look up at him and see the smile still on his face. "I will awake you in the morning. Then, you can tell me about yourself and how you came to be here. Goodnight and pleasant dreams, Miss Swan." "Yeah um, goodnight," she said. "Even thought you don't sleep." she chuckled. He smiled at her once more before walking across the room and closing the door behind him. She let out a deep breath and stood, striping down to her underwear. She held up his shirt, holding it to her nose. Well aware that he could hear her every action, she breathed normally into the fabric, sighing contentedly as the sweet smell of him entered her nostrils. It was different from Edward's, but similar enough that it provided her comfort. She smiled, pulling it over her head. As she guessed, the cotton shirt came to her upper thighs, and she smiled, crawling into the silken sheets. Covering herself up, she then brought the sleeve up to her nose, repeating the process. She smiled, snuggling into the pillow, only to find that his sweet smell was also on it. Even though he didn't sleep, he must have lay on the bed at some point. "Good," she muttered happily, burying her face in the pillow and inhaling. For the first time in what felt like forever, she quickly fell asleep with the smell of Carlisle and Edward swarming through her brain, comforting her.