classroom faster than any of the other students. I was frozen in my seat when I heard a male voice from behind me. "You're Isabella Swan, right?" Turning around, I see a cute boy with a baby face and blond hair gelled into spikes. He was smiling at me so he couldn't have thought I smelt badly! "Bella." "Well, I'm Mike Newton." He smiled at me and that only caused a smile to raise onto my face. Laughing, I say, "Well, hi Mike Newton." "Do you need help finding your next class?" I shook my head as I packed up my book and notebook. "I have gym next period and have walked passed that building so many times today." "No way! That's my next class; we can walk together!" He seemed thrilled, though I wasn't too surprised because I had Jessica into two class periods and Angela in two as well. After pulling on our jackets, we walked out into the rain and we talked. I found out he lived in California until he was ten, so he knew what I meant about loving the sun and we also had English class together. Mike was probably the nicest person I met today, other than Angela...she's just very shy. But of course as soon as we were walking into the gym, he questioned me about Edward. "Okay, did you like stab Edward Cullen with a pen or pencil? Because I have NEVER seen him act that way." Man, I wasn't the only one to notice his behavior. But of course that wasn't his normal behavior! Sighing, I decided to play dumb, because how the hell could I explain what happened? "Oh... I don't really know him, just what I was told at lunch. But I didn't pay him any attention, considering I was taking my notes." I say as we linger by the locker rooms. "Yeah... He looked like he was in pain or something..." I sighed and leaned against the wall and said, "Like I just said, I don't know. I didn't talk to him." "Yeah, he's weird... If I was lucky enough sat by you, I would have totally spoke to you." I smiled before walking into the girl's locker room. Our gym teacher, found me a uniform for me to use but didn't make me dress out for the day. I watched the rest of our class play volleyball and ended up thinking about all of the times I got hurt or caused someone else to get hurt. When the final bell rung, I got up and made my way towards the front office to turn in my paper work. I was glad the rain had faded away but the wind was cold, very cold - I could actually feel it even when my body temperature was higher than normal people. But as soon as I walked in, I almost walked straight out. There stood Edward Cullen speaking with Ms. Cope in a hushed voice. Thankfully he didn't appear to notice my entrance. I stood against the wall by the door, waiting for her to be free. They were arguing about his - our fifth period, Biology, wanting any other class period. I could not believe this was about me, it truly couldn't be about me. Something must have happened before I walked into class, that HAD to be the reason. It was impossible for him to already hate me, a stranger who was new to this school and who he had never spoken one word to. Then he door opened and the freezing wind blew the papers on the desk and made my hair fly around my face. The girl who opened the door stepped up to the desk and placed a piece of paper into a wire basket before walking out. I saw Edward's back tense up before he turned around and glared at me once again. He was so beautiful but his coal black eyes glaring hatefully at me made a thrill of genuine fear race up my spine and raised the hair on my arms. His look barely lasted longer than a second but it froze me in a way that the freezing wind never could. After turning back around, he muttered at Ms. Cope, "Never mind. I see that it cannot be done." And with that he stormed out of the office and most likely towards his car... I hope. Walking up to the front desk and handing the signed slip to her, Ms. Cope asked me how my day went. "Um, it, it was okay..." I could tell that she didn't believe me but didn't comment. Leaving the office, I saw that my truck was basically the last car here, which I was greatful for. Climbing into cab, I sighed and screamed at the top of my lungs. I needed to hunt tonight because I found out the hard way that having all of this anger in me is not a good thing for me or people around me. Turning the engine on, I pulled away towards Charlie's house, where my baby Mittens was and a fully stock set of woods where I could hunt. But I don't think Charlie OR Mittens needed to know that I had to hunt to survive. A/N: Done... Is it too much like the book? I need to know so I can change how I write the next chapter... Any questions? Just ask me... Oh and here are the actors and actresses: Bella Swan- Lucy Hale, Renée Dwyer- Sarah Clarke, Phil Dwyer- Matt Bushell, Charlie Swan- Billy Burke, Ms. Cope- Trish Egan, Mr. Mason- Stefan Brogren, Eric Yorkie- Justin Chon, Mr. Varner- Charles Esten, Jessica Stanley- Anna Kendrick, Emmett Cullen- Kellan Lutz, Jasper Hale- Alex Pettyfer, Edward Cullen- Keegan Allen, Rosalie Hale- Ashley Benson, Alice Cullen- Ashley Greene, Angela Webber- Christian Serratos, Mr. Banner- Doug Morency, Mike Newton- Michael Welch, and Coach Clapp- Damon Runyan. Also, the outfits will be posted right after this is up!