another heartbreak if she took such a chance. Their relationship would always be fraught with the fear of his imprint on both their minds. They arrived at Charlie's house that Bella was starting to see as home especially as she and Charlie's relationship was more father and daughter now. She got out of the car and walked into the house. Jake phased and took off into the woods behind her house. As she was turning on the lights she was wondering why she did not see Alice Cullen. Everything else seemed to happen based on her knowledge of the books she read, well sort of. Shrugging she went to take a shower and then perhaps make a few dishes to take to the Clearwaters. There was plenty of food in the fridge courtesy of sometimes having Jake and a couple of his friends over Embry and Quil. She was in the middle of cooking several stews, lasagnas, and a couple of deserts when she heard the car in the driveway. Assuming it was Charlie she continued to cook. However when she didn't hear him say something she turned around to meet Alice standing in her kitchen doorway. Alice gasped out "Bella! How are you alive? I saw you jump and you didn't come back up. Why would you do that? Did you not ink of what it would do to Charlie?" Bella didn't move from her spot. She replied "I wasn't trying to kill myself Alice. A friend and I were cliff diving. He helped me get out of the water." "Why didn't I see you get pulled out of the water? I ..." She stopped when a loud snarl sounded from behind Behind Bella. Bella turned around to see Jake and knew if she didn't do something there was going to be a bloodbath right there in her dad's kitchen. "Jake, this is Alice Cullen, Alice this is Jake. Please refrain from destroying my dad's kitchen I've spent hours cooking food to take to the funeral I wouldn't want that to go to waste." Jake made to take Bella's hand as he said "I'm getting you out of here Bells. Away from the leech." Alice snarled in return and said "I would never hurt her." Bella stood between them and said looking at Alice "Alice why don't you go hunting for now and we can talk later." She looked at Jake and said "Jake help me finish making the food to take down later." Jake was shaking but Bella's hand in his steadied him. She was impressed he had gained so much control considering it had not been that long since he phased. It had taken her months this to gain control of her own abilities. She was fairly confident if it came right down to it she could hold her own with either one but she did not want to test it. Alice nodded and left saying she would be back soon. Jake turned to Bella and said "Bella if the Cullens are back I can't protect you here. This is their territory." "She faced him and said "I know Jake but I need to do this. I need closure. I can't move on with things hanging the way they are. I want my life back. Can you please try and understand where I'm coming from with this?" Jake did not look too happy but he nodded. " I'm not leaving you alone with her." "Let's take the food to the Clear waters first then we will see how things go okay?" Jacob and Bella gathered the food and placed it in Bella's truck. Upon arrival Bella paid her condolences and found the food was well received seeing as she brought plenty of it. Charlie looked proud of her despite the grief in his eyes and later on they drove home together with Jacob in her truck. Jacob had already filled Sam in on the visit of Alice Cullen. He instructed Jacob to find out what she wanted and if they were coming back. Meanwhile Bella told Charlie about Alice. He was not too happy about it but he agreed to let her stay for a bit. When they got back to the house Alice arrived only moments later. It was tense enough to feel tangent to Bella and for Charlie to notice. Deciding not to intervene he excused himself and went take a shower. Alice answered Jacob's questions when he asked telling him she was the only one present and she had no knowledge of their return as of yet. Jacob left after Bella assured him she would be fine. Alice stayed the night and Bella tossed and turned trying to sort through her own feelings. She was angry that much was clear, well pissed off and Alice noticed. She also felt her feelings for Edward. She was not sure if she wanted to go through it all again. Once was enough. She was beginning to decide she would not take Edward back should he ask her. There was also the fact that while she was still half a soul she was more than willing to be turned for Edward. The part of her that was Sarah cringed from the very thought. There was no way she wanted to be turned into a creature that lived on blood. She was a vegetarian for crying out loud. She wondered if it would work or if she would turn into some kind of abomination because of the changes her body was going through. She pretended like she didn't notice but her skin was tougher, she was faster and much more graceful and agile in her movements. When she used her new abilities she was confident she could take on a vamp and hurt and pain from Alice ditching her considering they were meant to be best friends was what made her hold back from the usually perky vampire. Bella didn't know if it was within her to forgive them.