they didn't go through more trouble to make sure no one gets what's inside once opened?" "Love, half the fun is the anticipation," I told her. "But, remember when you had worried that you were gonna lose me over this box. I'm worried now. I don't want anything to happen to you. Maybe we shouldn't open it. Like you said, what's supposed to be inside may not even be in there. All this work and it may be for nothing. Is what's inside even worth it?" "Believe me, it's worth it. You'll see." "But, Edward, remember poison gas, deadly darts, and death to come to whomever may open it. That may be inside too." I shook in laughter. "Love, I think you've watched too many movies. I think all will be fine. In any case, I'm prepared if anything happens to go wrong." "Oh, are you?" She asked and arched her eyebrow at me. "Don't worry. It'll be fine," I tried to reassure. Truthfully, I had no idea. However, I wasn't about to let anything stop me now, considering I'd waited so long to finally have the box. I certainly wasn't about to sit back and not open it. I didn't covet it just to have another art piece to look at. Maybe there really wasn't anything inside, and we'd both gone through so much trouble for naught, but Bella and I would never find out unless we opened it. "Okay, then back to my original question, what if my solution is wrong?" "Then we work at it again," I answered simply. "I told you, this could take years out of our life," Bella whined. "I have every confidence that you'd found the solution," I then said. But, we'll never know if we don't try it. So shall we?" "I don't know about this," Bella proclaimed wary. Again, I had to laugh. "Whatever happened to the girl that was eager to open the box? I questioned her. "That girl hadn't thought everything through and was just eager to find out what was inside. Now, I'm not so sure." "Before you jump to any conclusions, let's just see first if we can open it. Okay?" She acquiesced and handed me her piece of paper with the full solution on it and we began the process of solving the puzzle box. Partway through I already had a feeling that Bella had indeed solved the puzzle and we would get to open the box shortly. I knew if anyone could solve the puzzle, it would've been her. She's a genius after all. After we'd pressed the last piece of the puzzle, we'd waited for a beat for something to happen. At first, with nothing happening we'd thought that Bella's solution had been a dud; however, after a few seconds, a piece of the box protruded out, distinctly a key hole. Bella and I both looked at one another, our eyes alight with glee. "You did it, babe," I shouted excitedly. "I knew that if anyone could, it would be you." I then couldn't help but pick her up and spin her around. It was a joyous and momentous occasion. "Well, it didn't explode. So far so good," Bella said as soon as I'd put her back down. I rubbed my hands together and declared, "Now comes the fun part," as I grabbed the key and proceeded to put it into the keyhole. "Okay, don't get dead," Bella stated. "I don't plan to, love." I then turned the key and braced for what was to happen next. Bella held onto me as well. We heard a click and then the top of the box seemed to have popped open. Moving to a safer distance, I then took a prod from the fireplace and used that to open the box fully. There was no poisoned gas, no shooting darts, nothing in the way of further security measures. There was nothing but an opened box. Cautiously, Bella and I moved towards the box to take a look at what was inside. Both our eyes grew wide at the sight. Then, I looked over at Bella who I believe was speechless. I unleashed a "fuck ya" and grabbed Bella, picked her up, and spun her around again. After I'd put her down, I kissed her hard in appreciation for it was her that procured the box for me. She kissed me back just as passionately. One thing led to another, clothes came off, and we ended up making love right there on the floor in front of the magnificent, ancient, puzzle box. End A/N: Here I am again, crazy enough to try this Twilight 25 challenge. What can I say? I like to push myself to become a better writer. Also, I have an unbelievable number of plot bunnies constantly swirling in my head and well, this gives me a chance to explore them. So, away we go. Admittedly, getting a late start, but I'm trying to tell myself I can still pull off the challenge by deadline. -So, this is a O/S. It was what I thought up due to the prompt. I can't promise all of them will be this long. After all, one-shots, flash fics, & even drabbles are fair game as long as I use my central character Edward. Wait and see what else my crazy brain thinks up. Incidentally, I purposely made it vague as to what's in the box. What is the treasure, I wonder? Maybe, it's even nothing at all. Use your imaginations-that's the beauty of reading. -General Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight and its characters. They belong to Stephanie Meyer. No copyright infringement intended. -Finally, reviews are always appreciated. Admittedly, usually bad at answering them promptly, but I always make an effort to try and respond to each one. I still have a backlog, but if it's the last thing I do, I will at least thank every reviewer for their efforts. Thanks for taking the time to read!