other. You know that." Giving him a pointed look, Carlisle nodded sheepishly. In his mind, he had put up the wall as he dove into research. A way for him to cope with the longer hours away from me as I watched over Bella. I kept myself on hand to help her with anything she may have needed, at any moment. Of course, Rosalie was there for this. She hadn't, however, carried a child. As blurry as the memories were, I was the only one who could help Bella with some things. "Carlisle, my darling husband, you will always be here for me. You saved me again tonight. How many times is that now?" He gave a slight chuckle. A small joke we had between each other, that was also a serious tally for me. "I believe, Esme," He nuzzled my nose, "That would make it four times." We shared a quick kiss. "You save me every day though." I sighed, rolling my eyes. "Don't roll your eyes. How un-lady like." We shared a laugh. "In that case, I still have four above your own tally, Dr. Cullen." Wiggling out of his embrace, I straddled his hips. "There isn't a day that goes by that I don't thank you for saving me from that fate." Carlisle's hand moved to caress my stomach, sadness filled his eyes again. "Carlisle, I never want you to regret that decision. What happened was meant to be. I never would have found you again." He sighed, caressing my thighs instead, "You were to be moved to my floor… I may have found you in your room while doing my rounds…" I leant forward, kissing him. "Knowing you, you would have found a reason to leave me behind again. That would have destroyed me. Edward certainly would have talked you into leaving to preserve my soul. Am I right, Edward?" Edward's voice sounded from the room adjacent to ours, the study, "She's right, Carlisle. As always in these moments." Carlisle nodded, looking contemplative. I gave him a moment to think things over, absentmindedly, stroking his chest. Edward laugh burst throughout the house, as Carlisle's hand shot to mine stopping my movement. "If you want round two Esme, you need only ask." He flipped us over, his body holding mine down. A few moans came from different rooms in the house, "Looks like we have competition Rose!" Emmet's booming laughter filled our ears. "Alice and I might come back tomorrow. Anyone else wanting an escape?" Jasper laughed, Alice's bell, like laughter joined his. "Yeah, I wouldn't mind." Seth piped in. "Leah, Jake?" I stifled a laugh into Carlisle's shoulder. During our passion, I had forgotten we had guests. Carlisle chuckled lightly at my embarrassment. Our age truly showing as our most private moment was… well, not so private, was unknowingly exposed. "If we left them alone, Bella will get an awkward awakening. Trust me!" Alice went into hysterical laughter as Emmet wolf whistled and Rosalie snickered. Edward stifled his own laughter, mumbling something about never having the image leave his perfect memory. All the while, Carlisle never moved from his position as we stared into each other's eyes, smiling at our children's antics as they continued to make light of the situation at hand. Wrapping a leg around his, "I think we need our own place, darling." He nodded before kissing me, "Is that a yes?" I whispered against his lips. He only deepened the kiss in response. As my arms wrapped around his neck, a squeal of excitement came from Alice. A knocking at our door, interrupted us. "You two have to do it!" Carlisle and I looked at each other confused. "We WERE trying." I growled to myself… Edward heard. His laughing only proved that I needed to regain composure. With a frustrated groan, Carlisle pulled away, lying next to me. I let my hand rub his shoulder before I got up to get some fresh clothes. "I'm sorry. I know you two need each other right now. There is too much to do though." Alice apologized. As I returned from our closet, Carlisle stood grabbing his own clothes from my hand. "What do we have to do that is so important, Alice?" Carlisle asked, his fatherly role resumed. I didn't miss, however, his eyes as they roamed my body. We watched each other dress. I am sure, we both watched it in reverse in our minds though. He growled lustfully, as I became aroused again. Sorry. I mouthed. "Esme!" Alice whined, bouncing with excitement at the door, "Time for shopping! Bella will need clothes for the cottage." I sighed. "Rose?" "Give her 10 minutes!" Emmet groaned. Apparently, we weren't the only ones interrupted. "Really, Emmet." A slap sounded and Rosalie's footsteps and keys rang throughout the house. I sighed, my eyes pleaded for Carlisle to get me out of it. As he buttoned up, he gave a shake of his head, he kissed my temple, "Keep the braid in." he whispered, toying with it, "It will give me something to look forward to." Looking into my eyes, he told me his exact thoughts. Holding each other's hand, we left the confines of our bedroom. Alice gave us a wink as she moved to the side. "You know," she said, "I was being serious. You two wouldn't have realized Bella's heart stop. Edward was here of course… but… She…" Alice paused as we turned around to face her, stunned at the vision, "Well… she never imagined Esme was quite… skilled in… that." Alice laughed. I glanced at Carlisle who coughed awkwardly. "Honey, I agree. We need our own house." Wrapping an arm around my shoulder, Carlisle pulled me downstairs. "Have fun." We shared one more kiss before I was dragged to the mall to shop for Bella… and myself. "Carlisle will certainly appreciate these few things." I thought as I pulled them off the racks. Rosalie and Alice distracted by their own discoveries for themselves.