to put them on by herself, but her body was still very fragile. Not wanting her to go through the pain, I sighed and helped her dress. Bella sat down on the bed and waited patiently for me to put her flannel pants on. Of course she tried talking about the incident in the bathroom but I wouldn't hear it. "Alice, please look at me." Her voice quivered as she spoke. I did as she requested and her eyes were wide with sadness and fear. She was thinking I would leave, stop being her friend; as if that could ever happen. But I knew I had to get away from her for a little while. I put a hand on her knee and smiled a little. "I'm not going anywhere Bella. I promise." A small smile broke out onto her face as well. That's when I knew I had to continue before I lost my nerve. "But I can't do this right now. I have these feelings for you that I can't explain. Feelings that I shouldn't be having, ones that scare the crap out of me. I can't do this Bella. I'm sorry. I don't want to hurt anyone." My eyes glazed over. A signal that a vision was coming along. Edward would be here any moment. So I opened her window and looked up at the night sky. It was a full moon tonight. I smiled at that. I looked back at her and spoke very lightly. Never thinking she would actually hear me. "I love you Bella." I pushed myself off of her windowsill and ran off into the forest to hunt. To my surprise I could still hear her sweet voice echo to my ears. "I love you too." I blinked pulling myself from the memory. I could feel my head hit the sand of the beach. Did I care? No. Did I care that all of my designer wardrobe as possibly ruined by the water? No. All I cared about was Bella and her fate. I remembered when I first had the vision of her dying by the hands of Victoria. I was playing a sad tune on my violin when it happened. I screamed to the heavens and sobbed. I threw my beloved instrument across the room and watched it shatter into a million pieces. The entire family ran to see what the matter was. All except for my idiot telepathic brother. Edward was no-where to be found, probably brooding over some shit. He had taking a liking to it recently. I didn't care. All I wanted to do was die right along with her. Jasper felt my pain and could barely stand as he did. I sobbed and cried out the injustice that had befallen Bella. I turned to each of them and shouted what had happened to her. All of them looked ashamed and heartbroken at the same time. It served them right for what they did to her. I tried to warn them about something like this happening, but now wasn't the time for I told you so's. Everyone cried as I shared my vision with them. Even Rosalie. I knew the blonde had a soft spot for the human somewhere, she just had a hard time showing it. I didn't know how long I stood there just looking out into her future. I found nothing. I went rigid however when I felt a hand on my shoulder. About to attack, I turned around and hissed at the intruder only to find Jasper standing there. "You loved her didn't you?" He looked at me sadly as her spoke. Jasper already knew my answer, he could feel all of the emotions from everyone in the house. He already knew, but he needed me to say it. Hell, I needed to hear myself say it. "Yes." I hugged the poor man with all of my strength and cried into his shoulder. He was a good man. He did nothing but treated me right since we had been together. And look what I had done to him. Everything just got so messed up so fast. I felt a slight nudge and I separated from him. "You have to find her Alice." Jasper spoke calmly. I shook my head and wrapped my arms around myself. "There's nothing to find Jasper." "You have to find her, even if it's only just a body." He elaborated and I knew I had to find her, lay her to rest if I could. Sure, Charlie would be heartbroken, Jake too, but there was nothing else I could do. I owed it to Bella. She was my friend, my one true love in this mess. So I nodded and ran to pack a bag for the trip. Did I know if I was going to return? No. All I knew was that I wanted to die right along with Bella. Be in her arms for all eternity. Just not in the way either of us had expected. Once I relived each moment over and over again, I pulled myself up off of the sand and looked out onto the horizon. "I love you Bella. I will be with you again. Soon." Then I made my way back home. I dried myself off and changed into more of my best clothes. For I had one more stop to make and then it would be over. I wandered into the garage and found my car parked right where it had been for months. I could've sworn the thing was catching dust. I got in and opened the garage for my departure. I noticed my cell phone had also been untouched in the center console and picked it up to dial a now familiar number. A strong male voice answered on the other side. I knew this would be my salvation. "How do I get in touch with Aro Volturi?" What do you guys think? Shall I continue or leave this a oneshot?