tip that the Cullen's are planning on leaving their human pet and we are to go retrieve her. We leave in 30." Alec says as he then leaves to prepare for our journey. I don't know why Aro continues to allow the Cullen's to do as they please. How can they just expose us to a human and then leave her alive? They know that's against our laws, yet they blatantly disregarded them simply because they feel like it. I growl louder at the thought of being forced to clean up the mess that the Cullen's left behind. This is absolutely ridiculous! I quickly grab my Volturi robe before heading out to meet Alec. "Are you ready to leave dear sister?" Alec asks as we both get into guard mode for our journey to the plane. "No, but it's not like I really have a choice do I? This better not take long I have better things to do than clean up after the Cullen's like I'm their mother." I growl softly. This mission is stupid and pointless. The Cullen's should know how to clean up their own messes by now. In no time Alec and I have boarded the Volturi's private jet and await take off. I settle on one of the couches and begin to let my thoughts drift, but again Alec interrupts me. "Jane are you okay? You have been rather off these last few days. We are all concerned that you're thoughts are turning darker than usual." Alec asks me in genuine concern. "In all honesty no I'm not okay. I'm the only member of the Elite guard without a mate and it's becoming rather frustrating and it's making me feel extremely lonely. Our masters have their mates, you have Heidi, and Felix has Demetri. I have to stand by and watch all of you be happy while I am alone and miserable." I say with a bitter tone as the jet takes off. "I can't apologize for finding my mate, but I am sorry that you feel so alone Jane. None of us ever intended for that to happen." Alec says trying to sound sympathetic. "I know none of you did, but that doesn't change how I feel. Day in and day out I have to watch all of you rub your relationships in my face and I'm just tired of it at this point." I sigh as I take my hair out of its standard bun. "Jane, I realize this is a bit out of the norm for both of us, but just this once can you try to stay positive and hold out hope that you will find your mate. They may be coming sooner than you think." Alec says with almost a knowing smile that makes me suspicious of his advice. "You and I both know that staying positive has never worked in our favor so why would I start now? That's like setting myself up for disappointment, and I don't need any more of that right now thank you." I growl as I cross my arms and close my eyes hoping Alec leaves me alone for the rest of the flight. "I know that Jane, but just this once for me, try." He says softly as he finally stops talking. I guess for him I can try this one time. I decide not to respond and instead nod silently as I lie down on the couch and think about what Alec has said for the rest of the flight. I really do hope he's right. I'm not sure how much longer I can take this loneliness without losing my mind…..more than I already have. Luckily my thoughts occupy my mind for the rest of the flight. We land in Seattle and quickly run to Forks. I really hope this doesn't take too long I'd rather wallow in my own misery in the comfort of my room away from prying eyes. As we cross into the Cullen's current hometown Forks I catch the most amazing scent that I just can't seem to ignore. It's like my entire being is drawn to this magnificent smell. I close my eyes as I blindly follow where this scent takes me. "Jane, where are you going?" I completely ignore Alec as I continue to run allowing the feeling in my heart guide my way. I come to stop in the middle of the woods and look around. I spot a figure lying on the forest floor curling up in a ball whimpering softly. I quickly walk over and crouch down beside her. I can hear her pulse starting to fall to a dangerous low level and that thought alone breaks my heart. I notice that she's mumbling something. I fight through my sadness to listen. "Please let me die…" She whimpers around a shiver of pain and she starts coughing up blood. "Alec!" I shout in a panic. I can't just let her die. "What do I do?! I can't let her die!" I scream as I look between him and her wishing for the first time ever that I could cry. "If you think she's your mate then you know what you have to do. She won't survive her injuries if you don't." I nod silently as I lean down close to her neck. "I'm sorry, but I just found you. I can't lose you already." I whisper in her ear as I look down and see a bite mark on her jugular. I growl softly as I bite over the mark pushing as much venom as I possibly can into her system. I quickly grab both her wrists and urgently do the same. So this chapter was really hard for me to write….I don't believe in child abuse or faulting a child for being born with unusual anatomy. Trust me if we could choose out anatomy I would have chosen to be born a boy because periods suck! Sorry trying to lighten my mood.