dick" he glared at Embry who returned the glare back. Jacob patted Embry's shoulder calming him down " What do you want Paul?" said Jacob with his anger contained voice " Geez, why are you two bitchy, are you guys on your periods?" he laughed at his own question which he only received a glare from the two men. " Anyways, it's your birthday, lighten up, don't get all emo on some girl. Hey, how about we play a game?" offered Paul grinning evilly " Yeah right, how about we play whoever talk first loses?" said Embry tricking Paul to take the bait " That's so lame..hiccup. I'm talking about a real dudes game" said Paul as he eyed the two men in front of him. " As long as it doesn't concern about sex, porn and drugs I'm good" said Embry as he sighed defeated. Jacob looked at Embry who looked back at him. He then shifted his gaze on Paul "Count me in" he said unenthusiastically. Paul grinned widely and pinched himself secretly so he wouldn't fall asleep. "Ok sissies, this game is called "Keep your Word" he grinned at himself before he continued, Jake and Embry looked at him already regretting the idea of participating Paul's wicked games " So listen up, the rule of this game is that whatever the person say or order for that matter must be followed. More like a truth or dare, but that game is for kids, this game is for grown-ups" he said before pointing out "You" he pointed his index finger towards Jacob Jacob looked at him and raised a brow "I want you to woo Seth and make him fall in love with you. When he confessed his "undying love" to you, kiss him in front of everyone in the town then humiliate him, that is if you're man enough and sure of your sexuality" Paul said challenging Jacob Jacob could only look at him in disgust. Paul surprised himself again. Jacob could not help but confirmed how wicked and sick Paul's mind works. "That's bullshit, are you insinuating something?" growled Jacob who glared at Paul with full hatred " Depends" Paul glared back "If you're sure you're straight, we wouldn't have a problem do we? And if you are worried about Seth's humiliation, are you sure that fag is worth your pride?" Paul smirked devilishly. " Do it Jacob, redeem yourself. Prove yourself that you're not a disgusting faggot" Paul said as if he was confident Jake will fail. Jacob was shaking mad. Paul just accused him for being gay. He's not gay. Not having a relationship for a year doesn't mean he's gay. He has past girlfriends before. And already have a fling with Bella. Why would Paul think of him as gay? Jacob laughed. He laughed at that stupid idea. Embry looked at Jacob worriedly. "If I were considering the challenge, are you even sure Seth's gay?" Jacob said, trying to find a flaw in the game that would reconsider Paul taking the challenge back. " I know one when I see one" said Paul his eyes never leaving Jacob's. Jacob glared at him. His mind was shouting to kill him " So when's the deadline?" said Jacob without shifting his gaze away from Paul. Paul smirked when he heard this " December, that would be six months from now. I know you can do it Jacob" Paul said with a straight face as if he was confident Jacob could do it. But Jacob knew better the façade on Paul's face. He can't wait to prove the son of a bitch wrong. "Jake are you ok?"" Seth waved his hand in front of Jacob's face. Jake snapped awake in his little trance. He suddenly remembered where he was. He felt guilty knowing that he have to hurt the boy in front of him badly. He looked at the calendar and felt a little anxious, his deadline is already close. He looked at the time and is already two in the morning. He ran one hand on his short hair and let out an exasperated sigh. "Seth, I'm going home" Jacob said tiredly "Are you sure? It's too la.." he was cut when Jacob beat him to it "Yes" He cut Seth before he finished. He went out ,closed the door and drove off with his car without looking back On his drive back home, Jacob's hand gripped on the wheel tightly He was fuming mad. Why was he mad he didn't know. He wasn't mad at Seth nor Paul, He was mad at himself for being helpless on the situation, for accepting Paul's stupid challenge, for going to hurt Seth inevitably. He sped off the road and was lucky enough that there were no police patrolling the area. Meanwhile, Seth on the other hand remained seated even after Jacob left. He stared in the space as he can't help the nagging feeling in his stomach. His intuition was shouting at him that something horribly bad is going to happen to him. Years of living alone had developed his unusual sixth sense. The impending doom that awaits him if he continue to be with Jacob, but refused to acknowledge it. How he wish he is wrong this time. For once, what felt right to them pays the danger that lurks for every action they made. The only thing they can do for now, is hope that they can dodge the bullet together. So that ends Chapter 1. I hope you enjoy.I'm still doubting if this story has potential though, it would be nice if you leave a review and tell me what you think if I continue or not. This is my very first fanfic. I know it's not perfect with many flaws with grammar itself but please bear it with me. I'm trying my best here. Please do correct me if you see errors that made your eye sore. Constructive criticism would be nice. :)