There was a TV, gaming system and stuff like that. There was a lot of clothes in the closet though. And it stunk like California Howdy and Pixie Leech. This was Alice and Jasper's bedroom. She stood up to leave, she was sick of this house, but Rosalie pushed her down gently. "Leah, tell me something. Do you hate us?" Rosalie asked. Leah scowled shaking her head. "No." "Do you want out of the pack like we heard you crying about the other day while we were hunting? We can help you." Alice asked softly. Leah growled furiously but nodded. She was terrified of what was inevidible as tears stung at her eyes. She furiously wiped away what felt like a searing hot river off her cheeks. "They're going to combine packs. I'm not going to suffer like that ever." She stifled a sob as she avoided their pitying stares. She hated pity. "Don't look at me like that." Leah's voice was hoarse and shaking. At slower than human speed, Rosalie and Alice stepped next to her on both sides, and wrapped cold arms around her. She couldn't hold it in any longer. She had word diarrhea after that. "They all look at me like I'm some monster, Seth is embarrassed to be with me, and I can't even leave La Push until you decide to leave and it's KILLING ME! I never wanted this; I didn't want my father to die because of me, I don't even approve of the guy my Mom is seeing because I'll be related to her! " Rosalie and Alice exchanged worried glances. They knew Leah met Bella. They were worried about this too. It'd cause too many problems. Leah suddenly began to sob, rocking back and forth. She was sweating, and Rosalie could hear her heartbeat quicken. Alice noticed she was even shaking. She removed her arms from around her, thinking she was cold, but she had a weird feeling it wasn't from her or Rosalie. Leah was pale, her eyes turning a very dark onyx, and dark circles appearing under her eyes. "I'm so scared… I can't even kill myself and say it was a leech…" she cried. Rosalie gasped, and grabbed Leah's arms and rolled up the long sleeves. Rosalie wondered why she would do that during the summer. There were cuts like all along them in all different directions. She stifled a scream as Alice screeched for Jasper. "JASPER! EDRWARD! CARLISLE! GET IN HERE NOW! " Alice cried as Leah began to hyperventilate. "I can't breathe." she whispered, her eyes darting around the room and landing on Rosalie. Leah clutched her stomach, before vomiting all over the white carpet. Leah's hand clutched her chest, the tears running furiously down her face. Edward Carlisle and Jasper appeared on the doorway. Carlisle's face resembled alarm before quickly removing Leah from Rosalie's arms and sprinting into the room where Renesmee was born. Rosalie used her vampire speed to get there first, pushing the table to the middle of the room. When Carlisle came in, his face was full of concentration. He chose to ignore Leah screaming at him. Leah suddenly went deadly quiet. She started off into space, as if listening to someone. Her focus suddenly went out, her eyes rolled into the back of her head, before slumping onto the table. "What just happened?" Bella asked running into the room. Carlisle began to work furiously, setting up machines and and muttering things uner his breath when abruplty Esme walked cautiously into the room. At least, Rosalie thought it was Esme. She looked up. Her eyes went black, just like Leah's had, but from anger. She marched to Bella, slapped her, and threw her out the door just as Alice had done to her during Renesmee's birth. Edward growled at her and began to stalk his way toward her, but when Bella gave a mewl of fake pain, he sprinted out of the room. She slammed the door, and locked it. She watched Carlisle work on Leah. Leah woke up hours later, feeling horrible. Someone was feeding her warm, delicious soup, and she could make out to other figures sitting, watching. "Mom?" she whispered, her voice hoarse, her throat sore. The person feeding her chuckled, but shook her head. "No, Leah t's Esme. Are you feeling better?" she asked polietly. Leah shook her head and groaned. "Noooo…." The room began to spin before she blacked out again. For about a week, Leah lived in the Cullen house without any of the pack knowing, while the leeches themselves took care of her. They made sure Bella did not come near her, not even Edward, unless it was to be a translater when she suger coated how bad she was feeling. Once she got better, she was quick to leave, but came back the next day under Rosalie and Alice's request. The three became best friends. But Alice was worried about Leah's wellbeing, because weeks after Leah had healed, the long sleeved shirts were back. Flashback End: "Leah? Do you want revenge or not." Renesmee asked, snapping Leah back to reality. She really thought about what Renesmee said. At first she thought about how she must really be pissed at Jacob if she wanted to be in on it, and how Leah herself hadn't been out in years. Abruptly, she nodded. "I want to go to a club, get smashed and have fun with you leeches. Have them work for the mess I make." She whispered, her smirk of the past back. A/N: I've been editing this for a while now, and I think it turned out okay. I wanted to get this out as soon as possible, so you can anticipate two stories at the same time. Speaking of, I WANT REVEIWS! Especially need two more on The Apocalypse so I can make Part 2. I WANT REVEIWS HERE TO GUYS! No joke. I'll give you all chapters to read if you do :)