her to the animals. It was God who led her to the birth of his son. As Jesus grew, she made sure to keep a close watch over the boy. He thrived and he spread the word of his father. Once the Romans heard of this so called heresy, they had him killed. Lilith was there the day he died. The young man knew he was going to die for the sins of man and begged the elder vampire not to interfere. It was under the cover of night when she took the man down and cried over his lifeless body. Jesus' blood rained down from the thorn crown on his head but most of the blood was not his own. The tears of blood from that night were many. Lilith felt that she had failed, her only charge, her only job was to watch over the boy. He was killed, murdered by people that didn't understand or didn't want to understand him. Aro could remember her face as she told the story. Bloody streaks marred her face. The elder vampire clenched his hands into tight fists, thinking about this blasted scene. The mayor looked to the judge standing witness to her pleas but gave his head a slight shake, not believing her sentiment. "Mary Alice Brandon, you have been found guilty and will be put to death by fire." A couple of the townspeople had torches and as they lit the hay and random accelerant aflame, they snickered and whispered how they love to see witches burn. Once Aro heard the fact that Mary Alice had visions, he thought to himself 'That would be a very powerful gift in our coven.' And once he heard her reasoning for not having a bible or cross in her home, signifying the worship of their God, he saw the point she was trying to make. She celebrated Jesus's life and his teachings, not the works of man and his death. He pushed the robe off of his head and walked forward to the group of people. "You will release that poor girl now." He spoke directly to the portly mayor and his lackeys of the court. Of course they were so mesmerized by the flames that it seemed like they couldn't hear him the first time. Aro grabbed the shoulder of one man and turned him around roughly and spoke again. "You will release her now. I will not say it again." Aro grit his teeth as he heard screaming and coughing coming from the seer. With the flames so huge, the man could barely see the eyes and the family crest of their so called assailant, but he still knew. Golden eyes and the crest was a shadow of a dragon on a bed of crimson. "Y-You're Aro Voltori." One of the villagers whispered in fear. Humans everywhere knew of his legend, but to see him in person was a whole other story. Apparently some of them still didn't know that he didn't feed from humans. "It's too late. The fire is too large so the witch will burn." The mayor spoke. "She is no witch you moron! If one were to practice the dark arts, a rot would set in to their skin and teeth. From what I have seen, this girl has neither." Aro tried to speak calmly as his eyes widened when he saw Mary Alice lose consciousness. He could hear her heartbeat slow to a crawl. He nodded to Jane to see if she could free the girl without catching herself on fire. The small blonde removed the whole cloak in one fell swoop and broke into a fast run. It was almost like a blur. She jumped over the flames and grabbed the whole post to bring it down. The townspeople gasped at the display and many of them began to cower. Once Jane had the girl unbound, in her arms and safely on the ground, the young blonde listened for a heartbeat. It was very faint. "My lord, I still hear a heartbeat but it's barely there." Jane voiced her concern to her prince. 'Smoke inhalation.' Aro thought to himself. He turned his gaze to the mayor and his people. "This girl is under the protection of the Voltori coven." He all but growled out the words. "You imbeciles are so afraid of what you can't comprehend so you either hang it, burn it or stone it to death. Well I say to you this in the words of our lord Jesus, let he who has never sinned cast the first stone." The townspeople were too scared or too stupid to say anything in response to the man, so they stayed silent. Aro turned his back on the people there and went over to Jane. "Her lungs will be forever damaged my lord. Even if she wakes up, she will die soon after." The blonde said. Alec and the others of the group had now made their way over to the three. One other woman removed her hood and looked over at Aro. "My love, what do you wish to do?" Aro's mate Sulpicia asked timidly. She knew that this was a sore subject to her husband but she knew they had to discuss it. The brunette seemed to be in deep thought for a while. His eyes widened with an idea. "We will wait until she wakes. Then we will see." He looked down at Mary Alice and the thoughts running through him were ones that he hadn't had in so long. He felt the need to protect and nurture. Thoughts that a father might have about his child. The only other time he felt this way was when Stephan was still at his side. That was a long time ago. 'Mary Alice, the Seer. This could be to our advantage.' So I want everyone to know that I made Stefan of the Romania coven Aro's brother and I also gave him Vladimir's appearance.