this," Jacob replied with a pained expression at the thought of all the nights he would return home and hear his baby sister cry. "Okay I get the first one, but what do you mean she's been hurt by this enough?" Sam, the alpha of half the pack, asked. Jacob sighed and was about to answer, only to be beaten by Leah. "Do any of you remember the day at the beach, a few weeks after Seth and I phased?" They nodded their heads, the younger and newer pack members nodding from seeing it through their elders' eyes. Leah continued, "Remember that girl that interrupted our soccer game, the one that yelled at Seth?" She looked at her younger sibling and saw the pain and regret in his eyes at the mention of that awful day. The two packs nodded once more and waited for her to continue. "Well that girl was or is Sophy, she and Seth used to be best friends, but then he had to destroy that friendship because of some stupid 'pack rule'," There was a stunned silence that filled the room; all eyes were on Seth, who looked almost broken. Sophy P.O.V "So Soph, who was the guy at you house this morning?" My best friend, Lacy Ateara, asked me once I sat down on the grey-ish sand/pebbles. "No one, except the entire cult in my house," I half exclaimed, half stated. All three of my friends looked at me with wide-eyed expressions. "That's how I looked, and to make it worse I had came out of the bathroom from taking a bath," They all burst out laughing and I couldn't help but laugh with them. After the laughing had died down, Fallon asked the question I had been dreading. "Why were you bathing? Didn't you shower at my place after we got full of mud yesterday?" Aleera caught on too and began interrogating me also, "You only bath in the mornings, when you go out for a jog, and you only run early in the mornings if you had a bad dream. So what was your dream about?" See my friends know me well. So I spent the next half hour explaining my dream and answering their questions about it. I sighed, and fell back on my red towel, feeling as I had when I had the dream. "Sophy, don't stress your self about the dreams, they mean nothing," Lacy's reassuring voice came. I nodded, "But how do we know they mean nothing? Huh, most of the visions I have almost always come in the form of a dream, and if you guys have forgotten, I can see what happens in the future and that always comes true. So that may possibly mean-," My voice broke and I sat up, pulling my knees up to my chest. I sniffed, and poorly rubbed away the tears falling from my – unusual for a Quileute to have – blue eyes. "These dreams may possibly mean o-or show how I'm going to die, and if that's true, then I'd rather be thrown in front of a train," I sniffed and cried silently onto my knees, I felt the girls hug me and soothing me with calming words. I hated crying in front of people, like when Jake became distant I cried myself to sleep at night, because I wanted my older brother. And when Seth left, I barley spoke to any one, locked my self in my room and cry for most of the day and night. I barley ate anything and began loosing an unhealthy amount of weight, until one day I just snapped. I couldn't take it any more, my head was pounding, heart racing, and I ran out my house, into the woods with Aleera, Fallon and Lacy behind me, knowing what was about to happen. When I hit the trees, my hand began burning, and when I slid down a tree, I touched a small stick and it caught fire, I was beyond freaked out. With the freaking out, my hands began burning more, until they burst into flames, and I started to panic, Lacy and the other girls trying to get me to calm down and explain what's happening at the same time. The sound of the three voices hurt my ears so much I felt like burning them off, for their voices were sooo loud. I couldn't stand it anymore, and I began to visibly rattle, then an unbearable pain exploded throughout my body, and I closed my eyes to keep from screaming out in pain, then I felt the pain subside and when I opened my eyes everything was more clearer, I could hear much better, and when I had to slightly look down on my friends, I saw black paws underneath me, and once more began freaking out. Lacy, Aleera and Fallon shifted too and explained everything to me, and at first I was furious at them from keeping it from me, but I began to see the reason behind it, and forgave them. I stopped my sobbing and dried my cheeks, and I suggested we go swimming to take my mind off of things. We got up and ran towards the cold, grey-ish, water The only thought that kept bugging me was; what is The Meaning Behind Dreams, especially mine? And that's the end of my first Chappie! Yay for me! :D I hope you guys like it, and plzz, Review, it would mean the world to me The songs used in this chapter are: " If Today Was Your Last Day" by 'Nickleback' " Extra-Ordinary" by 'Lucy Hale' " Calling All The Monsters" by 'China Anne Mcclains. I do not own the lyrics or the songs in any way - even if I wanted to- So, plz, take a minute and Review, ya know ya wanna, lol, ;D Will update as soon as I can, I finish my end-of-the-year-exams tomorrow, Thank All that is Holy. Loviez ...Brown*Eyed*Wolfie...