in complete shock at what I just saw. "Awesome, and before you ask, yes, this means the 'Cold Ones' are real as well. You've actually already met two of them…" "Wait, you mean to tell me that Emmett and Rose are two of them?" "Yeah, pretty much. So let me explain some things…" Seth tells me everything about the wolves including imprints. "... And well you see apparently vampires have a form of imprinting as well and it turns out your Emmetts version of an imprint. I told him I wanted to be the one to tell you just in case it scares or worries you. What do you think of it all?" "Well it's really shocking to know all of this stuff is real. I guess I don't really mind that I'm Emmetts' soul mate , honestly I like the thought. I mean really it's nice to know that I'm the person he's been waiting for all his life. Yeah, I'm scared, but I know in my heart that he wouldn't let anything or anyone hurt me so it's okay." "I'm glad you're okay with all of this. Are you sure you're really okay with all of it though. Trust me when I say it's not going to be easy to be with him, vampire politics are way more complicated than shifter politics." In all honesty I am scared, but I'm not the kind of person that will let my fear get in the way of me being happy. "Yeah, I understand that, but it will all be okay I have my best friend and Emmett to protect me after all. On top of that you said yourself it's not exactly something that he has control of. Plus, it's nice to know I can be with someone that will never break my heart or leave me for someone else just because they get bored. Besides, after meeting him, I know he'd never let me get hurt and that he's a really great guy." It's true I really do like emmett. From what I've seen, he will always be there for me when I need him no matter what and that's really important to me. "That's good to hear. Anyway let's get heading over to the bonfire I'm sure emmett's already there waiting, not to mention wondering how you're handling all of this news. I warn you now, emmett is very overprotective, especially when it comes to the people he cares about," Seth says as he walks over to our four wheelers. One of my favorite things about the res is that anyone can ride four wheelers and dirt bikes in the street, so it's nice when you don't have a license and don't want to walk long distances. "I call the blue one," I yell out excitedly. Of course when I say this I see Emmett come out of the forest. For some reason, I have a very strong feeling he doesn't like the idea of me being on anything like this, let alone by myself. But… I'm going to go on them anyway because they are fun to ride and something I've been doing since I was a little kid still living on the res. "Hey, I can to get you both since the bonfire is going to start soon and Billy asked me to get Dylan. And please for the sake of my sanity Dylan get off the four wheeler. I really don't feel comfortable with you on that, especially by yourself," Emmett says walking over to me. he then picks me up and lifts me off of it. I wonder what my uncle Billy wants. Yes, uncle, he's my moms older brother… Yes, this means I am related to Jacob. .Blah. He's way too overprotective and treats me like a little kid. I swear Jake is like the big brother every girl and UKI gay kid should have. "You do know I've been riding these things since I was in elementry school so I highly doubt I'll get myself hurt." "Yes, but I just don't like the thought of you on one by yourself because I'm afraid you might get hurt. Normally I would be perfectly fine with it, but I can't get the image of you falling off or crashing out of my mind." I can tell he's telling me the truth considering he has a pained expression on his face when he says this to me. But, I really want to ride so I give him my famous and undeniable puppy dog eyes…. Basically I'm telling him that I want to ride them and that I'd be okay if he rode with me… "Ugg, fine, but you're sitting in front of me so I can protect you if something happens." He says picking me back up and placing me in front of before sitting on it himself. "YAY!" My puppy dog eyes get me what I want every time. It really doesn't matter who it is, well unless it's Leah anyway… I swear she is immune to every cute thing! "You know you're going to have to learn to deny him when he looks at you like that, but unfortunately my sister is the only one that can," Seth says hopping on one of the dirt bikes. "Yeah, yeah. Let's just go before Billy get's pissed." My characters write themselves. I have no control over their actions I swear it… Please leave a review. I would love to hear what you think. This is the first story I'm actually doing on my own since my other story The life of a not so typical teenagersQ is being written with two of my friends. I hope to update this story at least once every other week or so. I might not always be able to since I am a senior in High school, which means I am busy preparing for college, homework, and working... along with typical teenager things like going to movies and sleepovers.