who still ate her apples "what have you done?" "I have marked you" she stood "I have given you my name" walked away "now put a shirt on, we do not want to impune the purity of the others. He quickly grabbed a fresh clean shirt that was lying on a table next to him, put it on and followed behind her. He almost tripped on himself as he walked down the corridors; he gawked at the refined artwork the masonry fine silks and carpets. "You have questions, you may ask them as we take a stroll" the woman walked like a queen, striding purposefully. "Where are the others?" He felt badly that should have been the first question he asked. "I have situated the villagers around the castle, they are safe and protected" he wondered about the others that fought alongside him "Some of your fellow priests are recovering" she descended the grand staircase the doors opened "most were too far gone". "The demons?" he felt like an idiot, his questions where not complete enough, something about how the woman walked made him believe that their time was short. "Not demons Father vampires" as they walked he admired the beautifully manicured lawns. The same children that were once locked in the abbey played in the courtyard. "Vampires are not demons?" he asked "Vampires are human Father" he was perplexed "infected humans, but human none the less" they approached the stables "faster and deadlier" she smiled at what was to come, as soon as she got out of there "they possess a lot more stamina". He wondered how they would be able to survive these 'humans' "What are we to do?" he sighed. As soon as they entered the stables she grabbed her saddle and placed it on Necromancer's back "I have given you gifts, abilities" she fastened the buckles and straps as she spoke "this castle, for you to tend to, a safe haven for those in need". She grabbed Necromancer's reins and walked him outside of the stable "we have minimal training; we are not capable to fight them". "Do you know what I am Father?" she spoke to him once he settled herself on the saddle. "You are an angel" he didn't know what else the woman could be. "Do you know of our hierarchy?" the Father nodded, of course he knew "I am Isabella Cygnus, a Power, an Authority". "A Power" he whispered, things began to register "warrior angels, keepers of history and bearers of conscience" "Not my department Father" she clarified, he was not listening. "Also they oversee the distribution of power among mankind" he continued to speak, out loud in a whisper, in reverence, he could not believe what was happening. "I think you finally getting the picture Father, anything else you need to know?" She noticed from the corner of her eye that her lead vampire was approaching. "Isabella, we are ready to go" she spoke in a soft melodious tone "the 'captives' have been secured. There was a purr when the vampire said the word 'captive' almost like the vampire took pleasure in saying the word. "Ahh, yes Siobhan, I will meet you beyond the gates in a moment" Siobhan gave priest a seductive smile and blurred away. "Isn't that a vampire?" He was barely able to speak when the vampire was near she looked at him as if it wanted to eat him. "Yes Father, isn't she lovely" her eyes drifted away from where she had been looking, he could not see what she could, a total of twelve new vamps waited for her patiently, one short of her lucky number, but twelve would do. "Were you not supposed to vanquish them?" He was not happy, not happy at all. "I was given an assignment to give you the ability to rid your holy church of the vampire plague by God" the thought warmed him that his Holy Father would hear his prayers as well as answer them "and Lucifer" his face fell. She turned Necromancer toward the gate. "Wait" she slumped, she was ready to get out of there, she had lots of fucking to do, and lots of beautiful vampires to do so with "what of the vampires that are leaving with you?" "To the victors go the spoils Father Carlo" she didn't hesitate and sprinted out the castle gates. Lucifer laughed like a hyena, doubled over with tears in his eyes, God was not happy "don't be so upset Father; you got exactly what you wanted Isabella delivered". He slapped his forehead "this is not how I wanted this to go" he grumbled "I wanted her to lead them, not to give them so much freedom". "You wanted her to do the deed and fall in line Father that is never going to happen" Lucifer knew God better than 'anyone' he expected too much. He desired to have Isabella be his sword and have her tend to his flock, his children, the way God did before he withdrew from mankind after the flood, something he still regrets, to watch his children suffer. "You have a nice little human army to rid you of the cockroaches in your kitchen" he explained to God how good things had worked out "Isabella gets her kingdom" he sat next to God "she got to kill" they both turned to the screen when they heard screaming in coming from it "and she is fucking" another scream of ecstasy "I get to be entertained" he looked on at the activities "see Father everybody is happy". A/N: I hope at least one of you enjoyed reading the prologue. I should be posting every other day this time around. I am trying very hard to work on the structure of this story, it is difficult, my mastery of the English language is woeful at best. I want to make reading my story an enjoyable experience and not tedious and difficult, wish me luck. Until next time.