out of the window in wolf form and ran deep into the forest. Sam and Jared phased in. They were both speechless at what Paul had experienced. At least the Cullen's haven't broken the treaty. Good old Jared, the voice of optimism. I can't phase back. I feel terrible, my imprint has been spending time with vampires and it almost got her killed. I couldn't protect her. I'm worse than those Cullens. Taha Aki is punishing me. Paul was whimpering with a paw over his snout. Paul, this wasn't your fault. This was the Cullens responsibility, Sam began. No. She is MY responsibility, look at the girl; she can't walk over sand without tripping up. I should have told her everything the night I imprinted. Paul was inconsolable and the other wolves were clueless as to help him. Eventually Sam began to think in terms of what protects the tribe. Paul, Jared and I do not believe you have done anything wrong. Before you interrupt me, I understand your guilt. If you want to go wolf for a while and run patrols around La Push, I will explain your situation to your father and to the council. Thank you, Sam. Paul turned and began to run, he ran all over La Push, he even followed the scent of the other Nomads as far as Canada. He ran and ran. He was hoping to run his guilt away. The rich green of the forest was a sickening blur as he flew between the trees. He glided along the pacific coast and he continued running until he passed out from exhaustion. Paul fell into a routine where he would sleep then he would start running again. Soon that little while turned into a few months. The summer passed by and the forest slowed into its autumn routine. There were oranges and browns dispersed throughout the forest. Sam would check in with Paul every week, with tribal news. Soon Paul became more wolf than man. He relied on his instincts and became one with his forest. He didn't even attempt to phase into a man any more. Being the wolf had eased the pain of his imprint and the distance between them. Wolf feelings were easier to deal with than human ones. However, that didn't stop him sleeping in the woods beyond her house. Just being close to her had eased the pain and his wolf was reassured that Bella was healing well. Ginger Cullen, or Edward, stayed in her room while she slept every night and Paul was ok with that. As long as he was protecting her, Paul could forgive his "life-challenged" disability. It was mid-September when Paul was settling down for an afternoon nap behind Bella's house. It wasn't long until he heard her monster roll into the driveway. That truck looked stronger than most tanks. It was just missing a machine gun. He could smell Edward inside the house and he heard him sigh as he moved out to greet her. Paul heard Edward ask Bella to go on a walk with him, of course she agreed. Bella sounded relieved, it didn't seem like they had spoken for a while. Paul followed their footsteps, or Bella's at least. She stomped on each twig in her way, hoping to avoid being tripped up. Paul was impressed, she didn't stumble once. Edward stopped when the house was still in view. Paul could feel Bella get nervous. He watched as they discussed an incident at the Cullen house, and then Edward told Bella she wasn't good enough for him and his family. Paul let out a low growl, this girl was brave, selfless and she accepted the Cullens for who they were, not what they were. This leech didn't deserve her. Cullen pressed a kiss to her forehead and took off with that lightning speed his kind were known for. Paul watched as Bella began tramping after Edward. She was calling his name and sobbing. Paul's heart broke for her. He could feel himself phasing into a man again. A cool breeze drifted through the trees and shrubs. Paul looked down at his body and stopped himself running after her. He needed clothes, Bella would freak out if she saw him naked. He forced himself to phase again and took off towards La Push at full speed. Jared was phased in already and he heard Paul's memories of Bella and Edward's conversation. He wisely stayed silent, only to direct Paul to the tree where the wolves kept spare cut-offs. Paul thanked him and told him to warn Sam. The elders needed to know that the Cullens were leaving. Selfishly Paul was excited, he had the chance to win Bella over. First he had to make sure she was safe. Paul phased into a man again to tie his shorts around his calf, it was an alien sensation walking on two legs and he could honestly say he had missed it. Paul shook himself a little bit and began running in wolf form back to Forks. The sun had set in the time it had taken him to reach Bella's house. Paul could see Charlie pacing on the phone in the kitchen. He was trying to arrange a search party to find Bella. She hadn't come home. The leech had really abandoned her. With a snarl Paul pelted into the forest following Bella's scent. She followed the trail for a while and then her scent lead off through a clump of ferns. She was nowhere near Cullen's trail. God she walked far. Paul could smell her blood where she had tripped as he followed her route through the shrubs. After about 6 miles into the woods Paul finally found her. She was curled up under a tree. Her face was stained with tears and her eyes looked vacantly at the moss in front of her. Paul could feel himself become a man again and he slid his cut-offs on. " Bella" Paul whispered.