kill you anyway," he said, snarling. "I'd like to see you try," I said, with a smirk. He smirked too, and fired a bullet. It missed me. I was ready for it, but what I wasn't ready for the other 3 bullets. One hit me in each arm and the last one, not knowing where it went and stupidly, I looked up and the bullet hit me in the head. "See, Bella, I win," Eric said, as he jumped out of the tree and retreated into the woods. "No, Eric, you didn't win. I won," I yelled. I knew he heard me. I looked down and noted that I also got hit in the liver. "Bella, Bella," Edward called out. I turned around and glared at him, with my arms crossed. "You know, if you hadn't called out my name, I wouldn't have gotten hurt this bad. He didn't know it was me so I probably could have gotten away with a shot in each leg," I said, as I collapsed to the ground. "Bella, I'm coming," Carlisle said. "Carlisle, I'm fine. I've gone through this before, well not this many bullets," I say as I try to get up, but it doesn't work. "Hey Emmett," I said. "Yes?" Emmett asked. "Do you want to go catch him? He shouldn't be too far," I said, smirking. "Gladly. Be back in a few minutes," Emmett said, as he ran away smirking. I was still lying on the ground, when Carlisle ran up to me. "I need to stop the bleeding. Esme, Alice, can you go back to the house? Get my bag, a bowl of warm water, a whole bunch of rags, and something to stunt the bleeding." They didn't say anything, just left. "Edward, Rosalie, come here I need you to stunt the bleeding until they get back." That's when Emmett emerged from the woods, pulling Eric behind him. "You big idiot, let me go," Eric said as Emmett pulled him into the field. I noted that he didn't have his gun. "Eric, what did you do with your gun?" "Wouldn't you like to know, Bella," he said, sneering. "Bella, what do you want me to do with him?" Emmett asked me. "Emmett, do you know where my other house is?" He looked at me like are you serious. "Oh, wait, you wouldn't know where it is. Even Edward doesn't know where it is. I was going to tell you to put him in my prison." "Are you serious? You have a prison?" Jasper asked, shocked. "Yes, I have a prison. I'm me after all." "Do you have anyone in the prison?" Emmett asked. "I might. I might not. You don't need to know. That's my business," I remarked, as I winced. "I'll take you there sometime. It's amazing. I love being down there." When I said this, Eric whimpered. "What's wrong, Eric? You don't want to go in my prison?" I said, smirking. "No, Bella, I don't want to go in your prison," he said, trembling. "Well you're lucky because I can't take you there and I won't give anyone the directions. Even my dad doesn't know about the second house, considering I bought the house myself," I said, laughing, and when I did I winced. That's when Alice and Esme appeared carrying everything Carlisle had asked for. "Hurry. I don't have much time. If I don't stop the bleeding soon, she'll die." Carlisle said as he took his stuff from the girls. He was working, and then all of a sudden, I think either the lose of blood, or the shock of being shoot, I started having a seizure. "Carlisle, what's happening to Bella?" I heard Edward ask before I completely lost consciousness. When I woke up, I noted that I had been moved, had new clothes on, and had no more blood on me, anywhere. I looked around and noted that Edward was sitting in the chair across from the Cullen's white couch. The couch was covered in blankets. I moved, and when I did, I automatically felt pain. I tried to keep the noise in but, it hurt so bad that I had to let it out. When I did, Edward automatically walked over to me. "Bella, what's wrong?" he asked me, while holding my hand. "I ache all over. Will you just take me up to your room? I don't want to be down here." "Do you promise to stay in bed?" Edward asked, with a raised eyebrow. "Yes, I promise," I said, as I inhaled a breath and winced. "Be careful when breathing, the bullet you though hit your liver, it actually grazed the bottom of your lung," he said, as he picked me up. "Edward, where are you taking Bella?" Esme asked. Edward turned around and saw that the whole family was there, wondering what he was doing with me. "She said she wanted to go back up to my room. Isn't that right, Bella?" I shook my head yes. "Bella, are you actually going to stay in bed this time?" Carlisle asked. I didn't answer him, I didn't have the energy. I just closed my eyes and nestled into Edward so that I would be more comfortable. "Bella? Are you okay?" I still wouldn't answer them. I was so tired. I just stirred in Edward's arms. "Carlisle, she fell asleep. I'm going to take her upstairs," Edward said as he turned towards the stairs. All right. Just don't leave her in your room by herself. She could do something insane again." Edward nodded and finished climbing the stairs. When he got to his room, he put me on his bed and pulled the covers over me. I woke up just to say this, "Edward, come here. I want you to sleep with me." "Alright, Bella. As long as you promise to stay in bed." I shook my head and fell asleep. I fell asleep with his arms around me and me smiling.