fact that I was now in a stupid study group. All that Mr. Varner said to me was that he was going to put me into a small group of his bet students and that we would meet Monday after school to make our schedule. I just feel so stupid that one lesson could push me back into this type situation... Don't get me wrong, it's not that I have anything against study groups, I have just always worked better alone... I always have and always will... Alice was waiting by the doors to the parking lot for me. "Hey Bella! I just love your outfit today!" I smiled and looked down at my clothes. They were just simple clothes; a white long-sleeved T-shirt, a baby blue tank, dark skinny jeans, and baby blue converses. "Okay, did you drive to school today, because I know you drive that red Chevy pick-up truck." "Um, no... My friend, Jake, picked me up today, since I told him I was going over to a partner's house for school... And that I was staying there all weekend... My dad knows that too; and I like your outfit too." I tell her as we began walking towards her car. She was wearing teal skinny jeans, a pink-peach tank, and black boots. "Did Jasper give you that necklace? And your ring?" (8) Alice smiled and said, "Yeah... Jasper gave me the necklace sophomore year for our one year anniversary, and my promise ring... He gave this to me for our third anniversary. What about you? Have you ever had a one year anniversary?" "Um... No, I haven't, but that is probably because I have never had a boyfriend. Sure there have been lots of chances for me to date someone but my grades have meant a lot more to me than having a boyfriend..." I tell her as we walked up to a group of three. Alice smiled at her friends before whispering, "I know what you are saying... When I started dating Jasper, my parents had completely disapproved of him, until he helped me raised my grades... Actually I don't know what you mean. But if you and Edward got together, like wow! He is like super smart; I think he is number two in our class... Do you know who number one is?" "Um, yeah... I'm number one..." I laughed and she smiled. "So I kind of know Renesmee, who are the other two?" I asked her once we finally turned towards the group. Alice laughed and said, "Yeah, so you know Renesmee but she actually likes friends to call her Nessie." She pointed to Rensemee and I looked over to her. Rensemee was wearing black ripped skinny jeans, a red tank with a heart on it, and red flats. "Hey Bella! You sit by that Jake guy in Calculus, right?" She asked me with a smile and I nodded my head yes. Alice pulled my eyes away from her and the next one down the list of greetings. Rosalie smiled at me and she looked amazing in her skinny jeans, blue tank top, and white TOMS. "Hey Bella, I really would like you to call me Rose." "Sure no problem... My name is actually Isabella, but I would rather go by Bella..." I smiled at her and turned my eyes to the last girl, who Alice called Charlotte. She was wearing skinny jeans, a slight off the shoulder sea green shirt and high-heeled black boots. "So... Where are we going shopping?" I asked them. Alice looked at her friends before turning back towards me. "We are going to the mall in Seattle. I know it's a three and a half hour driver there and back... And don't worry, we're actually staying in a hotel room tonight and be back some time tomorrow... But we are stopping in Port Angeles for a hair and nails appointment!" I rolled my eyes and we all got into Alice's car before speeding off to Seattle. A/N: Yay! The chapter's done! Yay! Okay, here are the random numbers... Also, don't forget to review! And actresses and actors for the characters: Bella Swan- Lucy Hale, Jake Black- Taylor Lautner, Seth Clearwater-Booboo Stewart , Embry Call- Kiowa Gordon, Ben Cheney- Cole Heppell, Mrs. Goff- Jayma Mays, Maggie McKinney- Marlane Barnes, Renesmee Cullen- Christie Burke, Nahuel Gonzalez- Jake T. Austin, Liam Hood- Brant Daugherty, Mr. Varner- Charles Esten, Claire Shelton- Krisondra Daigneault, Angela Weber- Christian Serratos, Quil V Ateara- Tyson Houseman, Jane Davenport- Dakota Fanning, Mr. Jefferson- Kevin Jubinville, Mr. Berty- Nicolas Cage, Edward Cullen- Keegan Allen, Alice Brandon- Ashley Greene, Emmett McCarty- Kellan Lutz, Jasper Whitlock- Alex Pettyfer, Mrs. Stevens- Ruth Marshall, Rose Hale- Ashley Benson, and finally Charlotte Wilcox- Victoria Geil. (1) When I saw the case I just had to have it for Bella! I just LOVE that show and just HAD to have her like the show as well! (2) Originally I wasn't going to have Bella have a baby sister... But it was just a random idea that I really fell in love with as soon as I thought about (3) Oh... Poor Bella! Your thoughts on dating will soon change! Also, remember that her parents were high school sweethearts and they broke up, so she kind of doesn't believe in dating during high school. (4) I know in the series, Bella wasn't very good in math but remember in MY story, she is VERY smart! (5) I love how ALL of her friends can tell but her! (6) I know in the summary, I said that Edward has never noticed her but Bella is oblivious towards the opposite sex... HELLO! She doesn't know that guys liked her.- But you guys will find out about all of this in the next chapter... So think of it as foreshadowing... (7) Oh Bella... You shouldn't lie... (8) Just because Bella doesn't like relationships in high school doesn't mean she wouldn't have known that Alice and Jasper were dating...