Her heart rate picked up and I could see the sweet blood pulsing faster and faster under the milky white skin of her wrist. Must get her away. I took in a haggard breath and was assaulted by her glorious smell. Get away from me, Bella. I shook my head. "No, I'll clean up." I was instantly standing and collecting the dishes Chief had left at the table. Bella took a half step back, her face shocked. Good, you should be afraid. Yet, that fearful expression in her eyes and the way her eyebrows knitted together made me want to apologize. For some reason, I didn't truly want her to fear me. I paused to give her a moment to recover and spoke again. "You prepared a lovely meal, at least allow me to clean up." I softened my voice and face, gazing up at her through my lashes. Bella's mouth fell open slightly. In one quick and completely uncontrolled movement, Bella spun, placed her dishes in the sink and retreated past me. I sighed in relief. I had never before been so grateful to be alone. I knew being separated from my family was going to be difficult, but I never imagined it would be like this. I deposited my napkin full of food in the trashcan and went to work on the dishes. Twice I forced myself to stop and slow down, not only would it look odd for me to finish too quickly, but I wasn't yet prepared to leave the kitchen and go to the living room where Bella and Chief Swan sat. I needed more time to prepare myself for that. As I finished drying the last of the dishes I heard water rush to the upstairs bathroom. I peaked in the living room where only the Chief sat. Bella must be showering upstairs. The thought was relieving yet sent a chill down my spine. At least it was safe to sit in the front room, what with my temptation upstairs. I cleared my throat and walked into the room. "Chief Swan, who's playing?" I asked as I took a seat in a threadbare couch. "Seahawks and the Cowboys." His eyes never left the screen as he spoke to me, "You like football?" "I don't mind playing, but I'm more of a baseball fan." The Chief turned to me with appraising eyes and then cracked half a smile. "You're a good-sized boy, why don't you try out for the team? God knows how badly we could use some talent." I shifted slightly. I'm sure that wouldn't be a good idea. I could easily hurt someone… that is if I even made the team. I wouldn't even be able to pass the physical—not with the lack of pulse, inability to give a blood test or even have a 'normal' temperature of 98 degrees. "No offense sir, but I hope to not be here that long. I'd love nothing more than return to my family." The Chief nodded and returned to his game. His mind focused slightly and I was able to capture a few coherent sentences. Poor kid is oblivious of the trouble his family is in. Why would the State of Alaska want to get rid of him so quickly? Damn Feds would hardly give me any information on the 'Cullens'. What are they hiding? I was about to try and ease the Chief's mind about my family when a door upstairs opened. Instinctively, I breathed deeply to sense any changes and I was hit with Bella's scent. It was accompanied with a humid and heady scent of strawberries. My fingers curled around the edge of the couch, willing myself to stay still. A flushed Bella in sweats and a ratty t-shirt took three stairs down and called out to the Chief. "Night Dad." Her eyes flickered over to me and she paused for a moment, "Good night Edward." I gave a weak smile and nodded once before turning back to the TV screen. "Night Bells." Chief called raising one hand but never actually turning. She quickly retreated back up the stairs. I heard a door close, followed by the distinct 'click' of a lock. I smiled to myself, good girl, make sure to lock out the bad guys. With Bella locked away and not invading my air space, I was able to relax and focus on the game. At the beginning of the forth quarter the Chief's breathing changed and soon he was snoring. I snickered at the sound; I couldn't remember that last time I had actually heard someone snore. Well, I better 'get to bed' too. I thought of things I could do to keep myself occupied until the morning. A soft click and a few muffled steps distracted me and drug my eyes to the staircase. Bella was halfway down when she stopped and noticed my watchful eyes. "Oh, I didn't know you were still up." She whispered over the Chief's snores. A delicious blush rose over her cheeks. "I was just about to go to bed." I said, but didn't move from my seat. I still didn't trust myself around this fragile, delectable girl. Bella had successfully made it down the stairs and walked over to the side table to a worn book. She clutched it closely to her chest and chewed on her lower lip. Chief Swan's snores increased in intensity and Bella released a very unlady-like snort. "I hope you're a sound sleeper." She said while gazing at her father, "He'll make bear noises most of the night—sometimes it shakes the whole house." I chuckled softly, "I sleep like the dead." "Okay, well, good night." Bella turned and trotted up the stairs. I remained perfectly still until I heard the lock of her door engage and then I fled to my own room. ______ Well? How does the first chapter touch you? Please click on the button below and give me a piece of your mind--I need it!