we ate, I told her about Alice and how lucky she was to have a big brother instead of a little sister. "Little sisters are so lame." " I always wanted a little sister. Emmett is stinky and he eats, like, everything." " Looks like it," I said and we both burst out laughing again. After that, we always hung out together at every lunch and recess. By the end of the first week, my mom had met her mom in front of the school and they made plans for us to hang out outside of school. The next weekend, my mom drove me over to Bella's house. Her house was a little smaller than mine but they had a Super Nintendo. I'd begged my mom for one but she refused. She said I would rot my brain by playing it all the time. I think she made that up though because Bella played it and she was still plenty smart. Bella's backyard was way cool too. They didn't have a fence like we did and her backyard just turned right into a forest. We weren't allowed to go too far into the woods but we could go back enough to play all sorts of cool games in the bushes and trees. It was way awesome. The next weekend she came to my house. When she walked in her eyes got real huge. "I didn't know you were rich!" she said. " I'm not." " Yeah-huh. Your house is like, the biggest one I ever seen. You must think my house is dumb and little." She looked sad and I didn't want her to be sad because of something stupid like a house. "No way, your house is way cooler! You guys have a Super Nintendo AND a regular Nintendo and your backyard is way more awesome than mine. Ours has a fence and it's all flowers and stupid stuff like that. I wish I had woods in my backyard. Plus, you have Emmett. He's way cooler to hang out with than my baby sister." " Really?" " Yeah! Come on, let's go play." From then on Bella and I were always together. She was the coolest girl I'd ever met. She liked the same movies and stuff that I liked, not that girly princess crap that Alice liked. We played video games at her house and board games at my house. She always beat me at Operation but I was way better at Jenga than she was. One day when it had snowed a lot we came in from building a snow fort and my mom made us hot cocoa and soup and then we watched some cartoons before I finally worked up the nerve to ask her the question I'd been wanting to ask. "Bella, will you be my best friend?" " Duh, I thought I already was." She said and threw one of the little couch pillows at me. " Oh, cool. So is it like official then?" " I dunno? Last year Emmett and his best friend Garrett cut their fingers and smooshed them together to make them best friends. He said they were blood brothers or something like that." " Ew, that's gross," I said. "I don't think that will work for us. We can't be blood brothers if you're a girl." " Yeah, you're right. Plus, blood grosses me out. Hey, I went to my cousins wedding last year and they like made promises to each other to make them married. Maybe that would work?" " You want to get married?" I didn't like that idea. I didn't want to get married ever. Bella was cool but other girls were totally dumb. " No, that's gross," she said and squished her nose up. "I just think we could, like, say our own promises to each other like they did. Not marrying promises, just best friend promises." " Oh, ok. We should say it and write it down so we can't forget." " Good idea! Ok, I'll go first because I know how it's supposed to go." I nodded and sat up to face her as she started talking. "Ok, I, Isabella Marie Swan, you have to use your whole name or it doesn't count," she added and then started over. "I, Isabella Marie Swan promise to be Edward's best friend forever and ever, and I promise that I won't let that stupid Jane make fun of his hair and to never ever fight with him even when he eats the last cookie. Ok, it's your turn." " Oh um, I, Edward Anthony Cullen, promise to be Bella's best friend forever and ever and to protect her from the stupid older boys when they call her clumsy and to let her beat me sometimes when we race even though I'm way faster. Oh and I promise I won't eat the last cookie anymore." Bella smiled and held out her hand. "We have to shake to make it official." I took her hand and shook it a few times like I'd seen my dad do with people at the hospital. Since Bella had better handwriting, she wrote down what we'd said on a piece of paper and we hid it in an old shoe box in my closet so it wouldn't get lost. I found a big black marker and wrote, 'Bella and Edward's box. Do Not Throw Away!' in big letters on the lid and sides. The folded paper looked so small in there by itself so we took the box downstairs and searched for things to add to it. Bella found some pictures that my mom had taken of us at Halloween and just playing around the house. We added those to the box and then shoved it back in the closet. " Ok, so does that make us best friends forever now?" I asked, still not sure how this all worked. " Yep, forever and ever." Would love to hear what you think!