a word. The entirety of the period, I was staring out the window, begrudgingly checking in on Bella periodically through the thoughts of Mike Newton. Bella looks more beautiful than ever today. I bared my teeth. I'm a lot more attractive than Cullen clearly, people are into the boy next door type of vibe , not the perfect Greek Adonis thing. I rolled my eyes. Oh gosh, Bella, look out! Finally, something that wasn't entirely self-absorbed. I winced as I watched her throw her racket up in the air through Mike's eyes, but let out a sigh of relief when it just barely missed hitting the top of her head. Emmett gave me a confused look and I shook my head, implying it was something that he didn't need to worry about. The moment the bell rang, I sprang from my seat and walked toward the gym, walking as fast I could without raising suspicion. I knew that changing her clothing would take a bit, so I stood against the wall of the gym building when I got to my destination, leaning against the wall as the rest of our small school moved toward the parking lot or their extracurricular activities. All people watching immediately ceased when Bella walked through the double doors of the building and made her way to my location against the wall. Her demeanor seemed to shift as her eyes settled on me. A huge grin began to spread across her face and a matching one snaked its way onto mine as well. As much as I wanted to reach out and hold her hand as we walked, I would not let myself give in. Instead, I shoved my hands deep into my pockets to resist the urge to touch her. The drive home was filled with questions about her life before she moved to Forks, her life before me. I asked her what she missed about home, what the sky looked like in the South, how the sun looked bouncing off the mountains at sunset, all things I never got the chance to see for myself. I could get lost in the tone her voice took when describing home, it should be an art form, but a groggy and annoyed voice in the back of my brain brought me back to reality. I looked around (when had it started raining?) to regain my bearings. My attention had been so focused on her descriptive words that I needed a moment to remember there were other people in the universe. She let out a light sigh. "Are you finished?" I chuckled at her plea and shook my head. "Not even close — but your father will be home soon." "Charlie!" she said, frantically looking around herself. "How late is it?" With those words, she glanced at the clock and then back it me. It seemed like she didn't want to leave. "It's twilight," I replied, my voice abnormally calm in comparison to how panicked her voice was. I took a deep breath before continuing, letting her scent wash over me, cherishing the small time we had left before I had to leave for the evening. "It's the safest time of day for us," I continued, after taking a moment to turn back to address her directly. "The easiest time. But also the saddest, in a way… the end of another day, the return of the night. Darkness is so predictable, don't you think?" "I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars." She frowned. "Not that you see them here much." The sentiment made me chuckle, but she had a point. In life, you never got to enjoy the most beautiful things until you suffered a little bit. And the very fact that Bella was sitting next to me was proof that was true. "Charlie will be here in a few minutes. So, unless you want to tell him that you'll be with me Saturday…" I quirked an eyebrow at her, as if I was daring her to tell him about it. "Thanks, but no thanks. Is it my turn tomorrow, then?" "Certainly not! I told you I wasn't done, didn't I?" I asked, smiling an all knowing smile. The entirety of forever would still not be enough time to ask her every question I had for her. I would never run out. "What more is there?" "You'll find out tomorrow," I said, eyes bright and wide, and reached across the car to open the door for her. I froze for a moment, enjoying the sound of her beating heart practically begging to escape her chest, but then two rude voices in the back of my head interrupted the moment. You should invite Bella over to spend time with us at the reservation, Jacob, I think it would be good for her. Daaaaaad, don't talk about Bella like that, I've gotta look cool in front of her. "Not good," I said under my breath, trying not to think about the Quileute trash rounding the corner. "What is it?" she asked, and I simply shook my head, opening the car door for her. "Another complication," I replied, using all of my willpower to not get out of the car and face the Black scum who broke the treaty in the first place. "Charlie's around the corner," I said, as she left the car. The moment she was safely out of my Volvo, I sped away from her home as fast as I could in an attempt to clear my mind. But I all I heard was Jacob's annoying thoughts in my head, just another Mike Newton to add to the list of people that would be better for Bella than I was. That was the most infuriating thing. As much as I hated Jacob Black and his self-righteous great-grandfather, he was better for Bella than I was, anyone besides a soulless monster was better for Bella. I watched the speedometer climb as I drove away.