thinking about my proclamation about moving to Forks. At least she no longer looked sad about missing Phil. "Mom, I'm going to head up to my room now, I need to get my homework done. Then I'm heading to bed." She didn't look at me; she just waved her hand dismissively to let me know that she heard me. Once I finished my homework, which I managed to complete in less than twenty minutes, I grabbed my nightclothes and headed to the shower. I wasn't interested in taking my time, so I was in and out in five minutes. I got back into my room and quickly settled into bed. I had been lying there for fifteen minutes when I heard my mom's quiet footsteps approaching my room. I closed my eyes and pretended to sleep when she came in to check on me. I had a suspicion that she was going to try and talk me out of going to Forks, but I had already made up my mind, and I wasn't going to let her change it. She sighed and left my room, and after a few minutes I heard her pick up the phone. I didn't want to eavesdrop, but I couldn't help it, the sound of the phone being dialed captured my attention. She usually never made calls this late, so I was instantly suspicious that she was making a call when she thought I was sleeping so I couldn't hear her call. I heard her sigh as she waited for the person on the other end to pick up the phone. " Hello, Swan residence." She was calling Charlie? Why the cloak and daggers for that? That's right, she knew I would be able to overhear the entire conversation… Which seemed silly, I wasn't a small child; there was no need for the secrecy. " Hello Charlie, it's Renee. How are you?" " I'm good, how about you?" " I'm doing okay, just missing Phil." Is she really talking to her ex about her new husband? I don't think she knows that Charlie has always pined for her. That he has never dated anyone else –that I was aware of anyways- since she left him. I didn't even need to see him all the time to know that! Perhaps that's part of being erratic; you just don't notice things like that. " I'm calling because of Bella, actually. She told me she was coming to live with you. I don't really know how I feel about that. Even though she says that it has nothing to do with me missing Phil, I'm pretty sure that is her whole reasoning. On one hand I would love to go and travel with him and not have to be on the look out all the time to make sure he doesn't notice anything he shouldn't about her. But on the other hand, I know I will miss her like crazy, and if she's not around, god only knows how much trouble I'll get into. " I also need to know how you feel about this before I actually let her go. Are you going to be okay with having her there?" She must have been nervous, she was talking fast, and almost rambling, a trait I obviously got from her. Word vomit, a genetic condition… She also sounded agitated, which also made me think she was very nervous. " Renee, I think it would be great to have her here with me! I'm the chief of police, I know how to keep her safe, and keep people from asking too many questions. Just let her come if that's what she wants to do, you've kept her away from me long enough, now, she is not a small child anymore and she can make her own decisions." " Well, it's good to know you do actually want her to come, I know she has made up her mind, and you know there is no way to either argue with her, or convince her otherwise. You know she is just like… Well, you know." " Yeah, I do know. So… when should I be expecting her?" " I'd say in about two weeks? She has some things she will need to take care of first, she seems in a hurry to get up there, and I don't know why? You know I never liked it there, and I was hoping she would be the same." " Oh? I thought you were coming around and actually missing your hometown. Well, just call me with the details and I will get her set up on my end. Bye." Renee whispered her good bye and hung up the phone. This phone call was strange, and left my head full of questions. What shouldn't Phil notice about me? Why did my parents have to keep people from asking questions? Was I truly that strange that my mother homeschooled me to keep me hidden? Was I strange enough to make my parents afraid that the people closest to them might not accept me? Maybe that's why my mother didn't want me to travel with Phil, that because I was strange he might not love her anymore if he 'noticed something he shouldn't'… I was really struggling with these thoughts, I felt like a dirty secret that left my parents ashamed, the need to keep me hidden did nothing but cause worry, and pain. It made me hate myself. Why did the say 'just like'? Just like what?! Or worse, who?! Maybe I can find these answers in Forks; maybe this move will be a good thing. Thank you for your patience. I am very happy with this rewrite, and I can't wait to get the next chapter out to you. I am hoping chapter 2 will make it out by Tuesday, then we will be back at the Sunday/Monday promised release day. Reviews make me smile, so don't be shy! Tell me what you think!