away. It wasn't that she didn't love her family, she did, more than she could say, but the rigidity of the unit, the secrecy, the pretence had been getting to her recently; the pressure to appear normal. The party, just the latest example of this, had exacerbated her sense of being trapped. Worse still, she knew that her life would always be this way – constantly moving on, trying not to awaken suspicion; never able to put down roots or be completely honest. She knew that that was why Jacob was so integral to her life. It was something apart from the recent feelings that she had developed for him and their impact on her emotional stability. Jacob represented life beyond the Cullens, despite his connection to them. He represented a freedom that was not accessible to her otherwise. He did not constrain her. When she was with him, she belonged. She frowned and slowed her pace, beginning to feel the familiar sensation of treachery as these thoughts entered her mind. She stopped and turned her back on the hulking mass of spruce trees and faced the vivid blue of the ocean. The autumn sun stretched its fingers towards her exposed face, caressing her cheeks, her forehead and the tip of her nose. She felt its reaction with her skin; she felt the shimmering glow suffuse her face. It was at times like these that she felt most alone, her family couldn't walk openly with her like this along Auke Bay, not on a sunny autumn day – and that wasn't their fault, she knew that. But it did not stop her wishing that they could share these things with her. It would be better if she was really like them, the same as them – if she couldn't go out in the direct sunlight, if she too shone like a multi-faceted diamond when sunlight hit her skin. It would be better if they were like her, a part of two worlds, belonging to neither one entirely. It wasn't self pity because she knew that she was not unique; there were three others besides her at least. However, in the world that she inhabited, she was unique, the only one split between two worlds, feeling the demands of both and not knowing how to reconcile herself to either one. Her ability to talk to her mother about her human inclinations had long passed; Bella barely remembered her human life. It had become hazy, soft around the edges now that the certainty of forever stood in front of her. Renesmee could not talk to the few friends that she had either because her human life was inextricably bound with her vampire life – revealing that meant something too terrible to comprehend. So, in many ways she remained isolated – unless Jacob was near. He understood what it meant to walk in two worlds and belong to neither; he and the other wolves. Treachery stabbed at her again. Then, as if to make amends, she turned and darted into the forest to hunt. Bella stood and looked out of the picture window at the icy water of Mendenhall Lake, troubled. In three hours the entire 10th grade of Juneau-Douglas High School would descend on the large isolated house to celebrate Renesmee's 'sixteenth' birthday and Alice was going all out as usual. The house was filled with pale yellow and bright white roses, Alice's colour scheme extended to all of the decorations, even to the multi-tiered stand that held the individual cupcakes with the pale yellow icing that substituted for the large cake that Alice had wanted and Renesmee had refused to countenance. Fairy lights, tastefully draped all over the lower level of the large I-house completed the feminine, floral look. The front door opened and Bella turned to see Renesmee enter, wrapped up in her long, navy blue winter coat and beanie hat. "Hey Mom..." she breathed. "Hey sweetie, where have you been?" "Auke Bay...I needed...I just needed some time y'know?" she said, pulling off her coat and hat and laying them across the arm of the sofa. "Yes. Your father told me you were a bit upset earlier..." Renesmee rolled her eyes, "Not upset," she lied, "Just didn't really want an audience listening to my thoughts. Sometimes I wish Daddy couldn't hear me..." "Renesmee, your father loves you. He's worried about you. You've been so down these last couple of weeks." "I'm fine," Renesmee shrugged. She looked into her mother's topaz eyes and found that she clearly wasn't buying it, "Ok, so I'm not fine. But I don't want to talk about it either." She avoided her mother's eyes, looking past her out of the window at the lake. Bella was quiet for a moment as she watched her daughter, "Has this got anything to do with the fact that Jacob hasn't called?" she asked quietly. "Mom...I said I don't want to talk about it," Renesmee sighed, a shadow of a scowl clouding her face. Bella frowned in frustration, "You may not want to talk about it Renesmee – but the rest of us are having to live in the atmosphere that you are creating. Don't you think it would help to talk about it?" Renesmee looked back at her mother; she never felt fully comfortable talking with her mother about Jacob, especially as she matured beyond childhood and certainly not once her revelation became utterly apparent. Whenever she did, a look that she didn't fully recognise would take up residence in her mother's eyes. She could tell that her mother wasn't fully comfortable talking about him either, at least in relation to Renesmee herself. Right now, she knew instinctively that what she wanted was to express her feelings for Jacob, but that would not go down well with her mother. So she simply said, "Honestly Mom. I don't need to talk about it. I'm sorry if I've been making things hard – but I don't want to talk about it."