and rubbing her temples. I allow myself to smirk, though not in her direction. Women like her were easily a dime a dozen in big cities, and while her hungover state and regret from her obvious one night stand were amusing to me, I also wondered what the hell she was doing in the nicest part of town. Seriously-I think the inventor of toaster strudel was the one glancing judgmentally at her in the corner, muttering to his wife. This is why I'm single, I remind myself. What was the point of flings and one night stands when all you got in return was a few minutes of satisfaction and a night of drunken regret? I never saw the point, and even though this perspective caused others to question my sexuality, I didn't put in the effort to refute anything or to care. "Caramel macchiato!" The barista shouts. At the same time, my phone vibrates again. Right outside-where are you? I smile and text her back as I grab the coffee and take a sip. Outside where? I'm in the coffee shop. Just as I put my phone away, I feel a tap on my shoulder. I turn around and see her. Though her body is clearly tense, her lips force themselves upward. Her left eye twitches subtly, and I briefly wonder if she's packing any weapons. "Excuse me," she starts. "You seem to have taken my coffee-my name's actually written on the side there." Annoyed but slightly impressed at her direct approach, I glance down at the name. "Your name is Bailey?" I ask, feeling my phone vibrate again. She casually shrugs her pale shoulders before replying, "It's actually Bella," clearly hoping that I'll understand. Well, I already took a sip of it, lady. Get over it. Impatiently trying to end this encounter, I simply repeat her gesture and say, "Well then I guess it's not yours." For the first time I notice some college kids behind us, giggling and chatting, so I add nonchalantly, "Also, I think your friends are leaving without you." Ok, that was kind of a dick move. I turn around and grab my phone, seeing all the confused "I don't see you?" texts, and quickly start typing out a response. Just as I'm about to hit send, I feel something kick me, causing me to lurch forward. I hobble, trying to find my balance. Coffee spills to the floor, and I hear an "Oh heavens!" from the elderly couple. What the fuck was wrong with this town? Not even bothering to mentally recover, I whip around and assess her. Short, skinny, with just a light enough tint in her hair to know it was highlighted. Last night's make-up had not stayed in place, and I was afraid to bump her head, lest woodland creatures crawled out. I needed to make sure she knew this would not end well for her. So I coolly respond, "This is why I never come here. They always forget to take the trash out." And I expect her to immediately apologize, maybe even tear up a bit, shoulders hunched downward, eyes big and pleading. Most of the women I knew wouldn't have assaulted me in public in the first place, but even I figured she would have enough sense to apologize. Given her current state, I highly doubt she had any self-respect left. Instead, I watch her straighten, planting her stance, with her shoulders rolled back, before she lifts her furious gaze to mine and spits, "Fuck you." She tosses her hair back (something I thought women only did in TV shows) and struts away, stumbling a bit on her heel. I let out a deep breath and suddenly notice the patrons staring expectantly at me. Like a jackass, I take a bow, announcing, "I'll be here all week, folks. Thanks." I rub my jaw tiredly, struggling to process what just happened. I had gotten attacked over a cup of coffee and instead of apologizing and admitting guilt, my attacker cursed me out and ran away. I hate this city, I really do. "Hey," I hear above me, and I quickly put my phone away and stand up to hug her. She looks almost the same, except for the wrinkles around her eyes and face, no doubt caused by the added stress over the past few years. Her long, dark hair curls around her shoulders, and clear blue eyes fill with warmth as they fix on mine. "Hi," I grin. "It's been too long. How's everything?" We both sit across from each other, and it feels like we're in our pre-teens again, whispering secrets and "What if" statements to each other in the dark. She smiles hesitantly and pushes back a lock of her hair behind her left ear. "It's been better," she responds. "I've been going to a few job interviews and there are some promising leads." Her eyes brighten. "One of them said I could possibly start as an associate given my experience." My eyes widen. "That's amazing," I answer. "We should celebrate." She laughs and I'm relieved of her recent change in mood. When I last saw her, she had broken down in my arms, confused and afraid of who would hurt her next. "I don't have the job yet," she teases. Her smile dims a bit. "Plus, they haven't done an extensive background check, and if they find something-" "They won't," I reassure her. "We both know that." She looks down and nods, and I grab her hand from across the table. For a minute, we exchange a look of reassurance, reminding ourselves that everything would work out the way it should. This was our calibration of reality, our breath of air from being submerged, our little nod to the past that despite how shitty everything could be-we would survive. She squeezes my hand from across the table. "Thanks, Masen." I squeeze back. "Anytime, Alice." A/N: Breathe with me, people. Answers will be coming soon.