love, honor, support we have for all of each other and focus on the future" He uttered out. His speech was so strong and so meaningful that it caused almost everyone to cry. Every word that was said was true we were a family and we would be forever. "Merry Christmas" he said and we all replied to his statement. After a few moments or so we heard Jacob and Renesmee click on the glass to get everyone's attention for their announcement. "Um…Jacob and I have an announcement but before we continue I have a question and it's for Cami" Renesmee said and everyone turned to Cami who looked like she was about to take a bite out of her food but stopped when she heard her name. "What did you say you wanted for Christmas?" "A pony?" she said more of a question. This caused Jacob to chuckle and Renesmee to smile. "Before that sweetheart" "A-a little baby brother or sister to take care of because Kailey and Kevin are growing far too much?" she said. "Well what if I told you that your wish might just come true" Renesmee hinted and this caused all eyes in to befuddle. Renesmee took a deep breath and looked at Jacob who held her hand and nodded. "Jacob and I are…" "Having a baby" Jacob finished. The place was silent for a while the only noises were the birds chirping outside. Until everyone immediately erupted with screams "I knew it!" Leela squealed as she ran to pull her sister into a hug. I wasn't so surprised because I think I knew as well that this would've happened. Edward and I took the opportunity to get up when everyone congratulated the couple to go do it ourselves. I just stood in front of Renesmee and just stared at her. Her smile fell completely when she saw my sad eyes. "Mom, what are you thinking mom?" She asked. I just shook my head and immediately pulled her into a hug and sobbed tearlessly "I knew" I simply whispered into her shoulder. "Did you?" Renesmee asked. "Of course, I'm a mother. It's called mother intuition " I answered and they all laughed. "But seriously Jake…five kids" I said now staring at my best friend who blushed red. "I'm sorry?" He said shrugging and I rolled my eyes and pulled him in a hug. "Thank you for making her happy" I said to him. "I'll do anything I would for her" He answered truthfully and I just agreed. I knew Jacob would do anything for her; those were the syndromes of an imprint as I called it. "Oh my god, I just realized I'm going to be an aunt…again" Leela gasped which caused everyone to laugh. "An aunt for now 7 kids…makes you want one huh" Jason said with his arm around her. She just rolled her eyes "Having another child in the family is just a blessing" Esme said with such emotion which was currently contagious to everyone. "Dad please don't cry" Renesmee said. And I turned to see Edward staring down at Renesmee with his lips quivering. "I am so proud of you baby" He said to Renesmee pulling her into another hug. There were large amounts of 'awws' and "ooh's' coming from everyone as they saw the moment they shared. "I'm gonna kill you Jacob" Edward whispered and I couldn't laugh at how similar it sounded. "So five children huh, you've been really busy huh Jakey?" Emmett said standing by him. "He's a wolf what do you expect" Seth teased. "Okay guys leave poor Jacob alone" Laura said and we all laughed leaving a blushing Jacob look awkward. The Christmas breakfast ended and everyone went to their respective houses. Today was just extraordinary, no words could describe how amazing today was. We were with our family all 28 people in one huge house and I couldn't be happier to be in this family I call my own… Edward and I were currently in the one place we could lose out, enwind our minds be together as a couple, where we had no interference from anyone. We were in our peace, our sanctuary, our meadow "So I guess we're going to be grandparents again" I said as I fiddled with the ring on my husband's hand as we lay back on the snowy ground. "I guess we are…I never thought I'd be here" Edward said. "Me neither, I never thought we'd be parents to three wonderful children and grandparents to amazing grandchildren and I owe you for giving me this life Edward" I said staring at him deep in his topaz eyes. "No thank you Bella, for giving me a life worth living for" He replied as he moved a strand of hair on the side of my face. "My Bella" He whispered. "I love you" I said lingering my fingers through his shirt collar. "As I love you" He said and cupped my face as he leaned to give me a soft gentle kiss on the lips. I was at my place right now; this was my future that I was dreaming of, spending my forever with Edward Cullen… The End A/N: What did you guys think? This was the epilogue of my epilogue or not really because I wanna know if you guys think I should write one? I'm not sure if I should but if you suggest I should then I will. Please tell me what you think. I know it's a little too late because Christmas was like two months ago but here it is now Lol. I'd like to thank all of the readers who support my stories I appreciate it a lot. I'm currently writing the next chapters of Childhood Beginnings, Midnight Moon and New Dawn and I'll be updating them one at a time. They'll probably all be up by the next 2 week cause I'll be kind of busy :) I hope you enjoyed this one-shot…