but I'm finally settled onto my back, and told that the doctor will get back to me at a later hour, but I don't even move my eyes, still waiting. It is excruciating, the wait, the rerun of the same scenes in the bank quarters, I even came to view at some point, FIRST HOSTAGE FREED, little did they know that I was not free, everything about me stayed there; strangely, my body is safe yes but nothing else is, not at this minute no. Charlie called saying that he saw the news at the station and he was livid he didn't know earlier, I convinced him not to come, that I was okay and for once I lucked out someone else took care of me for a change, but I left all the details of the story out, he told me he'll make sure he got his gratitude across to this Ed guy, promising to call at later time to fill him in on everything, I hang up. Nothing seemed to change for the next hours, it was almost sunset, everyone looked weary, negotiations were still going on, reports said Newton's case was discussed at this very moment but nothing on how the hostages were doing. I was interviewed by police officers, asked the same questions in different manners and I had the same answers and one and only question: when are you getting him out of there? No one had a precise answer, nobody knew for sure, they were doing their best, everyone was going to be okay probably, he isn't dangerous, he isn't a killer they said, just desperate, this was his last resort. We were not talking about the same he. Why is this taking so long? I felt drained, but I wanted to stay alert, in case there was a change in the situation. I hear a booming voice and immediately sit upright in the bed "wow there miss Swan", I'm confused at first but then I recognize my surroundings "Did you forget me already, I'm hurt". "Emmett! What are you doing here?" "You wound me again Bella" I look at him surprised, "how do you know that I'm called Bella?" He smirks and says "The little mouse told me". "Emmett! Stop! And I'm not a mouse ", a velvety voice resounds from behind him, I stop breathing looking at his beautiful face, unable to form a coherent thought, I must be still asleep, then Emmett says loudly again "SURPRISE! I told you I'll bring you back Eddie boy here" and he takes me in a bear hug that takes my breath away, literally. I know then and there I'm not dreaming, cause this hug equals a hundred pinches I think "Emmett, I need ... to breath" "Oh, sorry". "Hey" says Edward, going to my other side of the bed, "How's that leg of yours?". "Fine...It's f fine" I stutter " how are you here? What happened? Are you okay?" I say looking him over for injuries or blood stains but I see none, "I've seen better days" while his eyes bore into mine, and we're silent for a long time, until Emmet interjects " wow, you two haven't fucked yet, that's why there's so much tension here it could be cut with a knife, Rose is gonna have a field day about this, I'm paging her right now" and he starts laughing while going out of the room, it's till then I remark the movements around. "All the hostages are here, getting checked up, we were brought as soon as Newton wasn't armed, I'll tell you everything later , let's move you to a much calmer place for the night, until you're discharged" all I do is nod my agreement, it's official this man has rendered me idiot, all my fancy words seem to have left me. Once I'm finally settled in my new room Edward says in a whisper "Well, now I'll get out of your hair, take some rest" and I start to panic again. "Edward?" I say my voice raising a little, "Yes Bella?" "Can you stay here, with me, please?" He looks at me and something crosses his features that I can't put my fingers on, but obliges anyway. He goes to sit on a little sofa in the corner "Sleep tight Bella, you'll need your strength ". I close my eyes and try to relax, and after what seems like mere minutes, I feel warm hands shake me, "Bella, honey wake up" I cry out in surprise "shush babe, it's me, it was just a nightmare". "What happened?" I say, startled, "you were saying 'don't go' and you sounded distressed" he says with a frown on his beautiful face. "What was it about?". "I don't remember well, it was all so blurry, I think I was back to that fateful day last year and you wouldn't stay with me... something along these lines" I sigh. "Must be the hormones" Edward announces proudly with a smirk, I feel like smacking it out of his pretty face, okay nahhh I won't do it but "It's your answer for everything nowadays doctor, you better find something else, and as I recall you weren't minding those "hormones" last night, were you?" I waggle my eyebrows for emphasis. He chuckles at my rant "NO Mrs. Cullen I didn't mind at all, in fact I recommend that for you as many times as possible". "You dork, come here and hug us so we can go back to sleep, come on, I'm worn out by your activities". He hugs me even closer, with his hands on my small baby bump "My pleasure, it's all my pleasure my beautiful Bella, I love you so much babe thank you for everything" he says in my ears lovingly. At this point I'm only able to mumble a small "love you too", because I'm in my husband's arms and his warmth is everything I need to feel happy and secure.