Because everything was wrong with me, I was entirely wrong for her , and wasn't that the whole problem? "Nothing," I said, clenching my fists until it hurt. "I—listen, please , you have to find her. She's out there, alone, you have to bring her home —" I trailed off, head tilting automatically as the leaves rustled ominously a few miles back. Jasper and I weren't especially close, but he would fight the most for me to stay. For Alice's sake. I left without a word, leaving Sam staring at the place where I had been, and got twelve seconds into my run through the forest before I heard him. He came crashing through the trees with outstretched arms, barreling into me and sending us both to the ground. Jasper and I had only ever come to a draw before, but I was angry and that gave me strength. We came to a halt with my forearm pressing down on his neck, forcing out the air he didn't need. "You can't stop me, so don't even try ," I said, trying to use anger to cover the rest so that he would respond in kind. It had always been hard to fool Jasper. He squirmed, and I let him up, stepping back as if a little bit of distance would keep him from me. Jasper got to his feet with exaggerated slowness, hands outstretched. There was nothing but pity and warmth on his face. I had preferred the anger. "Edward, we love you. Don't leave us. Please." So many people begging me to stay today, and I'd disappointed every one of them. I looked away. "I wouldn't bother, Jasper. You of all people should know better." Jasper's thoughts were a roiling mix of compassion and horror. Not over me, Edward, you can't do this—you need her like she needs air to breathe— But he knew I wouldn't be swayed. He tried a different tactic. "Losing you—it'll kill Alice." I did smile then, looking up to meet his eyes. They still held a trace of red. "It can't kill her. We're already dead." Jasper's lips pressed together and his face went cold again, and that was better but not by much. She was still crying. Charlie had just raised the alarm and Sam Uley was on his way. I just had to wait until she'd reached the safety of her home. Then I could go. Leave and never, ever look back. Jasper continued to glare at me, his hands curled into fists like he wanted to throw a punch, and then he turned around and left. I watched him go, my hand tight around a low-hanging branch because I felt like I needed it, the stability. I was hurting them, all of them, and I didn't want to do that—but they had each other and they could handle it. And she might suffer, but it was nothing compared to what she'd feel if she turned. Thirst and exhaustion and blood on her hands and the unimaginable, unendurable agony of burning alive . She didn't deserve to live like that. I stood silently, listening to her breathing as the seconds ticked by. It seemed like hours before I watched through Sam's eyes as he found her, limp and miserable on the forest floor. The sight made my throat ache, and the longing to just go back burned my insides like fire. I had known that she would be hurt when I left. I'd just hoped she'd be able to stand on her own. Hey... Cullen , Sam thought with a strange hesitation in his voice. My head jerked up, and I stared unseeingly into the empty green woods surrounding me. I got her. She's fine. So he'd recognized me as the mind reader. He must not have realized that I could see what he saw, too. I felt something within me ease at his words, but my fist tightened around the branch until it snapped in two. The pieces tumbled to the ground beside me with a sound like breaking glass. "Thanks," I muttered to the empty air, knowing he wouldn't hear me. I'd been right to entrust her safety to him, I thought with a dim sense of relief. She would be all right. And there were no more excuses. No more reasons to stay. Her face and her eyes and the beating of her heart… all things that tied me to her. Reasons that I had to leave. If I stayed, then those eyes would turn red. There was no question about it. I could never let that happen. I broke into a run, pushing my legs faster until I could no longer see the world surrounding me, until it had all been rubbed out into an empty grey blur. And then it started to rain, droplets streaking past me and stinging my face, and I could no longer hear her at all. The realization hit me with startling force that I never would again, wouldn't hear her voice or see her face or touch her lips. And then I couldn't, couldn't run anymore. Didn't think I could stand. Go back. It was only when I opened my eyes that I realized I was on my knees, in the shadow of an alleyway where the moonlight didn't reach. My hands pressed flat against the dirty brick ground as if that would anchor me. I didn't dare turn around, not even then, because I could still feel her at my back. Just a few miles between us. No distance at all. I could be there in a blink and be with her and this would go away, all of the horror and blackness and pain, my instincts screaming down to the last cell to go back and find her and never let her go . That I had found her and given her up, something so precious. But I had to. For her. Let her live. I started to run again.