increased. Until it just disappeared. The images in her head made her scream. In some, she made love to others; in others she devoured them. She lived through a thousand lives. She saw his face last every time. Right before the dream ended, she felt the pain of his teeth sinking into her, and every time, she screamed. Who am I? She thought, for she had forgotten who she was. How could she remember the short life of a human, when her head was filled with those of past lives, his thoughts and those of millions of others who helped him acquire a taste in the most beautiful imageries in the world? She felt their emotions as she did hers, and she felt his love and his lust. She simply began to forget where she was from, why she existed. In that moment, she just existed in his thoughts, and every single being he had encountered, lived in hers. "Stop, please..." she sobbed. She didn't know how she did it. The frenzy began, the craving for more, and more she got. Images of wastelands and fields of daffodils blended into those of restored churches and broken bodies. He gave her whatever she needed. She found herself laughing, hysterically, she dared to think. The voice sounded like hers, but she didn't know how she got the words out. It was a miracle in its own right. "You embarrass me by showing your love in such a disgraceful manner," she hissed. "You do not love me." Despite the choking, she found her tone firm, determined. His teeth pulled away, she felt the wetness drip to the back of her neck. "Do not question my love for you," he sneered. "Your books lie to you. Humans," he spat. "humans know nothing of love. They taught you nothing, my mate. Do you want to know what true love is like? Do you?" he shouted. "Spoken like a true sociopath," she snapped back. He ignored her completely, but she saw his jaw clenched. She rejoiced in the small victory. "My heart is like a star, my little nun; seventy-one percent hydrogen and twenty-seven percent helium. It burns brightly, incinerating insignificant entities in its wake. Love: it makes my heart burn brighter. My love for you makes it want to explode. A supernova! Ten octillion megatons of energy: enough to annihilate everything around it. You are my solar system," he insisted. "How can I not destroy you?" astonishment slithered into his voice. "I love you so." His confession made her heart churn. "And yet you force yourself on me," she taunted. She did not know why she did it, but it seemed like a good idea at the moment. "When my mate has no concern for her own wellbeing, I take it upon myself to give her everything. You will be taken care of, if you want to or not." And then he was gone. She screamed out almost instantly, her body convulsing. She whimpered as she felt him return. His chest was pressed against hers, her forehead against his. "Feel," he grit out as he pushed himself inside her. "Don't fill my head with your thoughts," she pleaded. Losing herself wasn't an option. "You must love me," he demanded. "You must." She shook her head vehemently, "not like this. Never." A callous laugh echoed through the house, she almost broke down under him. "How will you resist me when I stain your skin with my sins?" "I will smother you with death until you grab onto me." "I will see to it that you enjoy each depraved thought that passes my mind." "And you will forget who you were. You will be my mate, just my mate." As her dreams and memories seeped out of her body and into his, she saw herself transform under his watchful eyes. No, she could not remember why she hated him so much, or why the fear she felt dissipated into a chronic need to suck his soul out of his body. She just knew that she basked in the glory of her transformation. To him, it was a stroke of genius, a divine act, meant to bring him the mate he had desired for centuries. Through his eyes she saw a woman, whom she at first could not recognize, but the sheer violence of his love, the anguish in his heart, told her that it was her. She almost cried with relief. A part of her wanted to hold on, it did. But did she have it in her? She wished she didn't. She had never felt euphoria before, and if it was what she was experiencing, she found no reason to hold on. What was the need? None. But there was a need, and she fought to grab onto it. She tried desperately to remember why... where had they met? She felt uncontrollable anger in her heart, she felt cheated. She pushed him away, keeping his face away from her. His teeth snapped at her, but she pushed and pushed and pushed. The relentless thrusts came harder and harder until she felt like she would break. She persisted. She pushed. He roared as he surged forward. He tore at her throat, paralyzing her. Inspiration hit. She ran her tongue over her teeth. She sucked in a breath, she closed her mind and she bit down on him. Shock. That was what he felt. His jaws slackened as he pulled back. She kept his face pushed away. She did not let him look at her. He bit down on her finger. She persisted. She sucked her memories out of him. Rage turned to uninhibited pride. He let her. He was proud of his little mate. Such a good mate. He bared her neck to her. He wrapped her arms around her and held her close to his heart. "Finally," he whispered, his head tilted upwards, his eyes closed, a smile on his lips. Finally, he had found her.