the clearest color of blue/green, I had ever seen. His long, dark lashes really made the color stand out. Even with it dark outside, they were very noticeable. There were some pretty hot guys in this world, but this guy stood in his own category. "I really appreciate you stopping to help. Not too many people would. They'd probably think 'Better them than me. " I giggled a little when I said that because I was nervous. If I didn't control myself, I would end up with diarrhea of the mouth and he'd know my entire life story. There wasn't much to it, but still, he didn't need to know. "No problem at all. I've actually been driving behind you since Forks." He said as we made our way to the back of my truck. "I can't imagine having to change a tire on this monster," he said with a smirk. I knew he was trying to be polite, but I also knew what most people thought about my truck. It was mine, it was paid for and I was proud of it. "Well," I said with a shrug. "I'm not your typical girl; I like big stuff." I glanced toward Mr. Gorgeous, realizing I completely left myself open for any sexual innuendo. I could feel the scarlet blush run over me, so I quickly continued, "I really do appreciate your help. I know I'd still be sitting here waiting for AAA to show up." I said nervously. I was using my peripheral vision to take in his hotness. He was definitely easy on the eyes, and I really couldn't stop saying appreciate. I hated being nervous. "I'm Edward, by the way," he said as he extended his hand for me to shake. "Um...I'm Bella; it's nice to meet you." I reached out to shake his hand. It was so soft and warm. It felt comforting; it felt right touching him. As I was getting the jack out of the bed of my truck, my foot caught on a crack in the side of the road and I fell flat on my ass. Sitting with my head in my hands from embarrassment, I then felt hands under my arms helping me up. I got caught off guard and stumbled into Edwards' chest. I put both hands up to push away, but couldn't help feel what was under his shirt. Hard, muscular and warm. After my humiliating fall, we finally got my tire changed. Edward helped me toss my jack and blown tire into the bed of the truck. I'd have to order a new tire when I took Alice to pick up her car. "Well, thanks again for your help. I really don't think I could've changed my tire by myself. My sister is too much of a princess to get her hands dirty," I said, pointing over my shoulder to where my sister sat in the truck. "Not a problem at all; I'm glad I could help. I was wondering why such a small girl is driving such a monstrosity," Edward said to me while we started walking towards the front of my truck. I got irritated a little, but pushed it away. I didn't know this person, but calling me a girl? I didn't like that. "I wouldn't have it any other way. Most cars change lanes when they see me coming." I giggled and shook my head trying to get rid of the fact he called me a girl. It was still bugging me. "Well Edward, it was nice to meet you." The sooner I got away from him, the quicker my temper would ebb. "I need to get back on the road before my sister starts having a coronary. She hasn't seen her boyfriend all weekend and withdrawal symptoms are kicking in." Edward laughed and shook his head. "It was nice to meet you, too, Bella. Be safe on your way home." With that being said, Edward made his way back to his SUV. I noticed he stopped and glanced back at me like he wanted to say something else, but I didn't pay attention to him and climbed into my truck. When I got back in to leave, Alice was staring at me with pursed lips. "What?" I asked her considering she was looking at me like I did something suspicious. When I pulled back onto the interstate, Edward turned and continued to his vehicle. I watched him as long as I could considering the pouring rain beating against the windshield. And to top it off, I was completely soaked to the core. "Oh, I got a vibe and it definitely wasn't a bad one, either," she said, playfully hitting my arm. "Forget it, Alice. He's long gone and I'll never see him again. What are the chances of me meeting my soul mate on the side of the road in the pouring down rain?" I groaned and rolled my eyes at my ridiculous sister. We finally made it back home that night about ten o'clock. I had to make sure to call Charlie and let him know that we made it home safely and about my flat tire. Of course the first thing Alice did when she walked through the door was call Jasper on her way up the stairs to her room. I grabbed a bottle of water and headed up to my room and into my bathroom to take a nice hot shower. Changing a tire in the rain was definitely a dirty job. Once I was showered and in bed, it didn't take long to find dreamland and Edward was there. Waiting Naked. OKAY! Let me have it. My schedule for this will be much like my last story. Definitely on Sundays, but more than likely one or maybe two during the week. I hope to keep everyone's attention with this one. There's some spots that give me the giggles in this story. Can't wait to hear from you. XOXO Steph