and me." Why did she like the sound of that. She lifted her eyes to meet his. There's an element of knowing them. He looks smug and it threw her completely off. "God, I can't wait to fuck you." He groans and pulls her up to stand in front of him. "Then do it," she says it quietly, half hoping he didn't hear her. She met his eyes with determination, she didn't know why she wanted this man, it was like she was under a spell. The electricity between them was pulsing. "Do you think there'll be sparks?" he asked cockily, his mocking injects some bravery into her. She lifts her hand to cup his cheek and presses her lips stiffly to his. Her heart rate was speeding up, and the electricity started to pulse between them. She wants him more than she knows she should. EPOV He nibbles on her bottom lip cautiously aware of how this could go wrong if he gets carried away. His tongue pushes into her mouth and he feels her relax into the kiss, her hands clasp his shoulders, it's heavenly. He snickers, but before she can comment he pulls her closer. He's worshiping her. He groans pushing his hardness into her stomach, she gasps and pulls away, her breathing heavy. "Once we start Isabella, I won't be able to stop." She stares into my eyes looking uncertain, then he see's it, the determination sets in and her heart rate slows. Whatever fear she had left about him has disappeared. He presses his lips back to hers and guides her down onto the mattress never breaking contact with her mouth. If this kiss is an indicator of what is to come, then he knows he's a lucky man. His hand grasps the hem of her t-shirt, lifting it, breaking contact with her mouth briefly to get it over her head. He leans over her, nose to nose, forehead to forehead. His red eyes looking into hers. "I don't think I can take it slow." He has to warn her, he doesn't want to hurt her but his need for her is too strong. "I don't want you to." So beautiful. He quickly undresses her, his mouth over the apex of her thighs within seconds. "Are you sure? Last chance." She groans and he almost laughs. "Soon my mouth will be here" His finger enters her, as he nibbles on the inside of her thigh. "Would you like that?" She nods her answer and a low moan escapes her when he moves his fingers, his mouth working its way up over her navel and between the valley of her breasts; his tongue briefly leaving his mouth to taste her skin. "Not tonight, but soon." He settles over her with his finger still inside her, he stops moving and stares at her. So beautiful, he can't believe she's here after a thousand years of waiting for her. He presses his lips to the corner of her mouth and her head turns, her lips seeking his. He growls a low broken sound of pleasure, he withdraws his single finger, slowly thrusting two in and she whimpers. His fingers speed up and her back bows in pleasure, she's close, he adds another finger and growls at the sight of her as she climaxes. He removes his fingers and grabs her bottom lifting her legs onto his shoulders. He pulls the zipper of his pants down, releasing himself and enters her in one swift move. He clenches her hips, careful not to use too much pressure and grinds deeply, receiving a low alluring moan from her. "Jesus that sound, I can't wait to listen to it for eternity," he hisses in pleasure. "Oh god," she moans, pushing short uncontrolled breaths through her lips. He drops her legs and leans over her, his hips gaining speed. "Tell me you want me." He gains more speed, the only sound in the room is there pants of breath and the slapping of where their skin meets. This was fucking, raw sweaty,well, she's sweaty, primal fucking. "Kiss me," she begs breathlessly as he grinds firmly, rotating his hips. Her hands pull at his hair, his red eyes meeting her brown eyes. "This must be heaven," he grinds. "Tell me you feel it," he murmurs, claiming her lips briefly. "Do you Bella". "Yes." She bites his lip and plunges her tongue into his mouth. He's too far gone, his climax is closing in, he feels her body spasm, the hints of the building orgasm making her kiss harden and he loses it. No thinking, just pure unadulterated pleasure. "Forever Bella, say it." She moan, she so close. "Say it Isabella." "Yes, forever." She nods and bows back, exposing her neck as she climaxes, groaning in pleasure. "Mine," he grows, leaning forward and bites her, sealing her fate with him forever. 3rd November Three days he had sat waiting while she burned in silence, he watched as her skin began to harden, her features sharpen and her heart rate slow. Although he didn't plan on it happening at the moment, it did and he couldn't feel any remorse. He had his mate and it didn't matter how it happened. When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, it's not reasonable to grieve when it comes to an end. But this wasn't the end, it was just the beginning. Thump… thump… thump. Silence. Thump...… thump…... thump. Silence. Her heartbeat got slower and slower as time went on. He leans over her just as her eyes open, the shade of red seducing him in there beauty. "Sodalis vitae," He murmurs lovingly "You" she growls and flips back, landing on her feet, in a hunting crouch, he's mesmerized. "Bastard" She's stunning in her anger. "Thats right, we never did get to my name. I'm Edward, Edward Masen, your mate" She growls in fury, crouching more. "Let's hunt isabella" She springs at him. "Bastard!"