and his mouth attached to my clit. "Fuck! Ahhh. Sshheese," came out as my hands grabbed hold of his hair. He sucked and flicked it with his tongue, all while I tried to assemble coherent thoughts. "Let's see if you taste as good as you smell. As good as I've been imagining since I first laid eyes on you." He then took his tongue, flattened it between my folds and glided upward. "Oh. My. God!" My legs started to shake. He slapped my pussy and said, "Keep them open." I obeyed while his mouth continued to lick, suck, and devour. I couldn't hold on any longer, and Dr. Cullen seemed to know this, because he bit down on my clit, and I came all over his face. "Good girl," he said, blowing softly over my heated skin. He kissed my pussy one more time before standing. "You'll be sure to remember me now, Isabella." Gazing intently into my eyes, he licked his lips. Then as quickly as he came, he left. And I found myself, once again, staring at the mirror wondering what the fuck just happened. % After cleaning up and splashing water on my face, I returned eagerly to find Dr. Cullen gone. Disappointment washed over me as I searched the entire foyer and there was no sign of him. My heart sighed. All I could do was hope our paths would cross again. Unfortunately, that was the last time I saw him for the duration of the conference. % The conference ended and, as every year, I was told there was a farewell banquet where everyone could relax and let down their hair. For this group that meant drink like fishes and party like it was the square root of pi. Angela, Jessica, and I joined in the festivities. We ate, drank, and were merry until well into the evening. We tried to scope out men close to our ages, but this group was a more mature crowd. Most were married, or with a partner, which unfortunately didn't stop a few from forgetting that fact. The single ones who we could find, were either eye sores, socially awkward, or both. These men were considered scientific geniuses, yet few were able to hold a coherent conversation in a social setting with a woman. When Jessica mentioned Dr. Cullen and wanting to "jump his bones," I laughed and stated that he was way out of her league. She didn't find that humorous, even after I had apologized. I didn't intend for it to come out in a mean way. It just came out. Probably because I was fantasy sizing about the exact damn thing, after what had happened in the bathroom that day. I could still feel his mouth on me. As the evening progressed into the late night hours, she eventually forgave my loose tongue. The alcohol seemed to assist with that as well. College students and open bar didn't always mix. This would be my last and only somewhat enjoyable party the entire summer. After Angela, Jessica, and I did a few more shots, Jessica pulled us out onto the dance floor and we "dropped it down low." I barely felt the vibration from my cell phone, which was in direct competition with the base of the DJ's music, and peered down at the text. 'Dance for me.' My breath caught in my chest, and I instantly scanned the room. No sign of Dr. Cullen, yet I could feel his penetrating eyes on me. I began to sway my hips to the music. Slow and controlled. Every movement thought about as I twirled my body and continued to search, unable to find him...until a chill suddenly ran down my back. I halted then spun around to find him sitting alone at a table. His expression was dark, and his eyes glowed from the reflection of the cell that was resting in his hand. He looked...fuckable, and the black V-neck T-shirt exposed the fine blond hairs along his chest. He truly was a magnificent specimen. My hips continued to move back and forth. My arms lifted into the air as I moved to the beat of the music. My hands floated down my body, skimming my breasts. All while he stared, watching, as I danced for him. The floor became overcrowded and our line of sight was hidden, until I found him leaning against the bar, glass in hand and eyes only on me. My eyes watched as his long fingers gripped the glass as he took a sip. My mouth parched as I stared at his tongue tasting the liquid from his lips. My eyes closed as my body heated up. Moving and swaying to his beat. When they opened, Dr. Cullen was calling me with his eyes, beckoning me to come to him. The closer I came, the more apparent it became that he hadn't shaved for days. Fine stubble filled his chin, and deep down, I knew I would get to feel him against my skin. Preferably, my inner thighs. When I stepped in front of him, he lifted up his glass to my lips to drink. The liquid poured out, filling my mouth to the brink and spilling over. Dr. Cullen leaned forward, hovering over the corner of my mouth as if to taste. I watched as his finger swiped the liquid away. Then he placed the wet finger into my mouth and instructed me to "suck." Fuck! After my initial shock, I did what I was told. "Good girl," he praised. "You will be perfect." "For what?" I asked. "For me." ******SD****** Well, I hope you enjoyed it! Thank you for reading and voting! If you haven't read all the entries, go, in fact run and read them all. I had so many favorites and I can't wait to see if they are continued. For this one, unfortunately this is truly a O/S with no plans to continue. Hugs and much love !