face, he looked almost horrified. He closed his eyes and nodded, his mouth a thin line. "Yes," he whispered. I didn't push it. His reaction was enough. I hid a laugh behind my hand. "You don't have to worry," he said after about a minute of silence, "about where I'm going this weekend. Emmett, Jasper, and I are going hunting. I promise." "You promise... you're going hunting?" I propped myself up on my elbow, eyeing him. "Can you promise that you're not doing anything else?" He watched me, his fingers playing with the ends of my hair. He tugged gently and said, "No." I slapped his hand away from my hair and sat up, pushing my blanket off. I pulled my hair over my shoulder and ran my fingers through it. "Fine. Can you promise that you'll be safe ?" He didn't miss a beat. "Yes." His fingers traced my spine through my shirt, sending shivers running through me. "You don't have to worry, Bella. We'll be safe." "Then why can't you tell me?" He didn't say anything. I had half a mind to kick him out, but decided that one lonely, sleepless night this week was enough. "Is it Victoria?" I looked at him over my shoulder. He was staring at his hand, running along my back still. "It could be," he said quietly. "I won't say anymore." I groaned and fell back on my bed. He quickly moved his legs before my back hit them. "Why do you want me to go to the reservation?" He stayed silent. "Edward, this is a two-way street. You can't interrogate me if I can't interrogate you ." I rolled over on my side and stared at him. He laughed and folded his legs underneath him, criss-cross apple sauce. "You are interrogating me. I'm just following a rule of thumb." He tilted his head and smiled. "Loose lips sink ships?" "That's not a rule of thumb, that's an expression that the mafia uses to scare its subordinates," I said. "'Talk shit, get hit' is another winner." He raised his eyebrows. "Potty mouth," he said, jokingly, but there was an underlying tone that I couldn't quite place. My immediate response to that was shut the fuck up , because I would have definitely said that to Jake. I laughed and rolled over, lying on my stomach, and buried my face in my blankets. "I'll stop asking questions," I said, my voice muffled by the quilt. "And I'll go to the rez this weekend." "Good," he said. I could hear the smile in his voice. I sat up then, suddenly. He reached out to catch me or grab me, I wasn't sure. He didn't look sure either. "You want me to see Jake because I'll be safe ," I said. It wasn't a question. He slowly put his arms down, resting them on his knees. "You said it, not me." His voice was tight, he was forcing a smile. "Does that mean you won't be safe?" I stared at him. I was hoping my stare was a little intimidating, but he showed no signs of that. Instead, he tensed. "Bella, I do not break my promises," he said stiffly. I bit my lip. I didn't bring up the one time he'd actually broken a promise and it nearly killed us. I continued with my argument. "Then why won't I be safe?" I asked. "You said you'd stop asking questions," he said, his tone calmer now, almost mocking. "I lied." "Bella..." He sighed. "It's not your problem." I blanched. "Not my problem ? I'm in danger if I'm not at La Push, right? How is that not my problem?" He just stared at me, his expression tired. "I'm worried about you, Edward. I'd tell you if I was going somewhere that wasn't safe." "You ran away, without telling me, to Jacob Black's house," he countered. He leaned against the headboard, folding his arms over his chest, waiting for my other argument. "Because it's safe there. You're literally sending me there this weekend to keep me out of harms way." I tucked my legs underneath me and leaned back, sighing. He usually said all the right things, yet here he was, countering his own arguments. "Seattle." He was staring at my ceiling now. "What?" "Seattle. That's where we're going. We'll... eat on the way. We want to check on the situation down there, before the Volturi get involved." I stared at him. I opened my mouth, closed it. "You'll be okay?" That was really all I wanted to know. "We'll be fine. Jasper was going to go on his own, at first, but Alice convinced him to let us tag along." He leaned forward and pulled me into his arms. "I didn't want you to worry. I'm sorry. All you've been doing is worrying." We were in our previous position, but I was on top of him now. I snuggled into him. "I won't worry. You promised you'd be safe." I yawned, and in one swift movement he pulled my quilt around me. "Get some sleep." He kissed the top of my head. "You have school tomorrow." I groaned. "Don't remind me." "You're complaining?" He laughed quietly. I felt like he was talking in a more charming manner than usual, trying to lull me to sleep. It was weird, but it was working. "I've been to school countless times. How many times have I even taken this science class? I don't remember." His voice was distant now, both to me but also because he was probably actually remembering his previous schoolyears. I made a mental note to count the graduation caps they had hanging up in their house, and let him know how many times he'd taken our science class. Stroking my hair, he began humming my lullaby, his voice weaving itself in and out of my passing moments of conciousness. "Sweet dreams," he whispered into my ear once my breathing had become slower. "My Bella."