piano started the intro and I lost myself as I belted out the opening notes. I heard, that your settled down. That you, found a girl and your married now. I heard that your dreams came true. Guess she gave you things, I didn't give to you. Old friend, why are you so shy? It ain't like you to hold back or hide from the lie. I can already feel the moisture build behind my closed lids. I pray to god that I can make it through this song as all my old wounds open for my audiance to see. My body trembles with the exertion it takes to keep myself from falling apart. I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited. But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it. I'd hoped you'd see my face & that you'd be reminded, That for me, it isn't over. Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best, for you too. Don't forget me, I beg, I remember you said:- "Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead" Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah. The chorus ends and I gear myself for another shot of pain, to rip through me as I remember him telling me those same exact words. " Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead" Those were his parting words. He said them as if all the pain, the rejection and wounds would just magically makes dissapear. 'Okay Bella we are almost done, keep it together and finish out strong.' Okay so I suck at giving myself pep talks, but really, at this point it physically hurts to breathe, I just can't give myself more than that. You'd know, how the time flies. Only yesterday, was the time of our lives. We were born and raised in a summery haze. Bound by the surprise of our glory days. I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited, But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it. I'd hoped you'd see my face & that you'd be reminded, That for me, it isn't over yet. Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too. Don't forget me, I beg, I remember you said:- "Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead", yay. Almost done, almost. I can hear the audience singing right along with me. Making me smile a bit, though on the inside, my wounds are fresh and gaping open for the world to see. The more I give, the more they want, and as the ending verse starts, my mask slips and I show my true self. Nothing compares, no worries or cares. Regret's and mistakes they're memories made. Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste? Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too. Don't forget me, I beg, I remembered you said:- "Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead" Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too. Don't forget me, I beg, I remembered you said:- "Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead" Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, yay yeh yeah As the final yeah is crooned out, I start to fall apart. The audience goes crazy with flowers thrown on stage, and whistle and cheers are heard throughout the space. They applaud my gift of laying it all bare for them to witness. They see my wounds as things of beauty, and the saying a 'true artist gives their all no matter what' is heard all around to describe what I just gave them, even if a little of my soul died in their presence. I can only manage a small thankyou in nothing but a whisper. I turn and head towards the exit, and as my foot takes the first step I'm automatically encased in Peter's arms, as he takes me back to my dressing room. Once the door to my room is closed, I fall apart and release the sob that has been enclosed in my throat since the first line was sung. My body can no longer hold onto the that last shred of sanity I posses, and I fall to the floor. Every rejection, every lie, every wound has been opened and brought to the surface. I live my life in a constant fight to keep everything at bay, but today, I just dont have the will to hold it in and like an active volcano I...erupt. I dont know how long I lay there on the floor, alone, just letting it all out. But when my door is opened, harsh breathing is heard within the small room and a body falls next to mine, I look up. To say I was scared and shocked, at what I saw laying next to me, would be a lie. Never did I believe he would show up here and look as bad as I felt. As much as I wabted to demand he leave, when my mouth opened five little surprising words were uttered in a horse whisper instead. "What are you doing here?" Okay so what do ya think... This story has taken over my life and i love being able to tell her story ... hold on tight we are just begining... Also before i go... this story will have a posting schedule of every 2 weeks... the chapters are very emotional and i need the gap to recover and write my other story.. Until I Saw You. So get busy leaving me your thoughts... love you all! Also dont forget to leave a vote for your favorite authors in The Tomato Soup Awards thetomatosoupaward(dot)blogspot(dot)com I've been nominated for best Carlisle Esme Best mob story And best phone sex All from Until I Saw You See you in two weeks…..