she in turn nipped and nibbled and tasted, prompting gasps and mumbled entreaties to God. When he came to his senses, she had rolled onto her back, her satiny curls spread out over the coverlet, her long arms flung up over her head, making her breasts too tempting to resist. He pressed them with kisses, while gaining the permission he ardently desired. Somehow, there were condoms in the bedside table and he made short work of placement. When they were joined at last, it wasn't just great. It was souls that met. The warmth and perfection as he cried her name out as she clenched hard from her belly out everywhere, convinced him that they could not ignore it. As they rolled under the covers, he vowed to do whatever it takes and more. He had no intention of letting her go far… Morning found them docked in Nassau, and Edward woke first, thrilled to just take a few moments to admire her soft form. He was already plotting to corner Carl and a few of the writers. It was time for Marcusi to see his dream at last. When at last she too had joined the land of the living, they separated to their own cabins to fetch clothing to meet the day. There was a couple to congratulate and a new island to explore. Bella was back in her cabin after breakfast, when a knock to her door startled her, stopping her preparations. "Edward? Allie?" She called out as she opened the door. It was the chief Purser and the Chaplain. Edward was waiting in his cabin when his phone rang. It was Jasper. "Bella's dad was shot." Bella had left the ship, and took a flight from Nassau to the mainland, hurrying to get to her critically injured father. Allie and Jasper encouraged him to follow Allie programmed Bella into Edward's phone and kissed his cheek. He was bound to the boat for three more days, but the moment he could, he was headed to that little town in Washington…. C&C~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~C&C~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ One year and maybe a few weeks later…. The strains of "Cannon in D" by Johan Pacabel flowed softly from his fingertips. The country chapel was made ornate by the extravagant floral decor. It seemed a fitting place for the solemnization of this happy couple. He watched the doors at the rear slowly open and smiled at the tiny couple, the chubby cheeked little girl tossing the rose petals every which way. His eyes lit up as the stunning figure in blue brocade passed his piano with a wink. Finally, a dapper gentleman in a classic tux escorted the white satin cloud up the aisle…. "Dearly Beloved and their families, we gather here today….." Later, after the rice was thrown and the cake cut, the vision in the blue brocade dropped her head against the shoulder of the now still pianist. He'd happily relinquished the music duties to the DJ spinning tunes to fill the dance marquee. It was set up under the large tent behind the church. Inside it was quiet now, the pews were empty as everyone else left was out back in the tent. "Do you think anyone noticed?" He placed his hand over hers resting on her abdomen, just beneath the point of her gown, just below the waist. "Sweetheart, we just confirmed it last night. Unless they see your glow or the sparkle in your eyes, you will get to surprise Charlie before he leaves on his honeymoon" Bella and Edward had kept in touch. Literally touching. He'd flown out and spent the better part of his hiatus from the show re connecting with his music, forming a new band and delighting fans with local, pop up concerts. Bella had stayed close to her father during his care and recuperation. Via her contacts at the hospital, she had secured herself a post in Seattle and they used that as a base of operation. They dated in styles simple to grand. (How often can one be flown to a remote location to have a birthday dinner inside a castle tower.) He took Charlie fishing, and he flew out from set to be Bella's +1 for Alice and Jasper's New York harbor wedding cruise. Charlie had taken his injury as a wake-up call of the first order. He'd thrown himself into his recovery and rehabilitation with a singular focus - to be able to drop to a bended knee for his girlfriend, Sue. Right after a rehab session Charlie popped the question. Edward's classic Dunhill tuxedo had gotten quite a workout in the past year. He'd gotten it for the Golden Globes, and he'd liked it so much he kept it as his personal go to item. The show had three Emmy nominations, and a win for the writers for the past season, and nominations for several members of the cast. The big surprise had been the Globes, and for that, Edward had Bella join him for the ceremony. At the cast table, with his cast-mates and friends support, he'd suddenly popped the question. He announced her answer to an audience of millions as he accepted his award for best supporting actor. It brought a second standing ovation and beaming and deeply blushing Bella to everyone's attention. A couple of months later, they'd brought Jasper and Allie, Charlie, Sue and a few other friends on a cruise sailing out of Florida, where they had surprised everyone with a Sunset wedding at sea. It was a simple, beautiful ceremony, with the promise of love as long as the lives they were granted . Now, with new life before them, that love might outlive them after all. ~Fin~ Author's Notes First, a big thanks to my home grown beta's with a special shout to Peanut - thanks! Thanks to Rhonda for her prompts - such fun to work with! And a huge thanks to the folks that make FAGE possible. Until the next time Reb