classic almond-shaped eyes with an iris so dark, that it was almost black. Unless I pressed my cheek up against the mirror, I couldn't tell the difference in color between my pupil and the dark iris surrounding it. I was instructed not to get the dressings wet. I was careful that no water came near the white-cotton taped to my upper back or my right arm. Tucked under the purple sheets, I was lying in Charlie's daughter's bed. Night had come and gone and Charlie had long since left for work. My body ached, including my stomach, which was aching for a different reason. I would have to venture downstairs soon to investigate if there was anything to eat in Charlie's fridge, I wasn't sure my stomach was going to last much longer. I sighed as I slipped out from under the covers, carefully, as to avoid brushing the sensitive skin on my back. Even though the wound was covered, the area between my shoulder blades burned when I twisted too far or slouched. During the long car ride, Charlie said he was going to pick up my prescriptions today from the local pharmacy. I had no idea when he would be back. I needed to find a way to repay him. I don't know how though. Money seemed to be most pressing issue. I can't imagine anyone would hire me with no work history and no educational history. I would have to ask Charlie about it later. I swung my bare feet over, setting my feet gently onto the wooden floors. Last night I noted that some of the floorboards in the house audibly protested when any amount of weight was placed on them. I tested my footing as I made my way to the kitchen, mentally noting which boards creaked. The contents of the fridge were meager: beer, five eggs, half a loaf of sliced bread, ketchup, three sticks of butter, & bacon. Well, improving Charlie's diet would be one way to repay him. I wonder if I knew how to cook. I knew enough to know that beer, eggs, bread, and butter wasn't a well-balanced diet. Maybe there were some cookbooks in the house. At least I knew how to read. That was a start. /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ I fried one egg for lunch and ate one slice of toast, just enough to hold me over until Charlie came back. After going through all the books in Bella's room, I found several cook books; I stacked most of them on top of the dresser next to the bed. It was chilly in the house, so I tucked myself under the covers while I read, lying on my side. I heard the tires of the police cruiser on the gravel just before 6:45 pm. I quickly squirmed out from under the blankets with minimal burning from the wounds on my back. I my feet swiftly settled only on the silent floorboards and I skipped over the 2nd step from the top, which groaned no matter where or how gently you placed your foot. Charlie came in through the door with a several bags of prescription medications in one hand and an arm-full of groceries in the other. "Let me help you." I called eagerly as I rushed towards him. Various new scents wafted into the entryway, the more notable being the smell of dog permeating from Charlie's clothes. "Just be careful of that right arm," he warned as we transferred some of the weight of the groceries onto my left arm. "Where's Ackley?" I asked, expecting her to jump out at any moment. "She's waiting in the car." He explained as we unloaded the groceries onto the table, "She's still kind of a puppy, a young dog at least, so I'm trying to train her." I nodded my head as I eagerly slipped on my flip-flops before I followed Charlie outside to meet the puppy. I could see her spying through the window of the police cruiser at us. Her body language screamed excitement even though she was desperately trying to contain it. She was a mutt for sure, but I could tell that she had some Australian Shepard in her blood. I think I might be a dog person. How else would I know that stuff? Charlie opened the passenger door of the police cruiser, "Stay." He stated firmly. She stayed planted in the vehicle even though her entire back end was wiggling back and forth. "Don't let her jump up on you," He spoke towards me gruffly. I nodded impatiently. Charlie verbally cued Ackley that she was allowed to exit the vehicle. Her paws quickly padded across the driveway in my direction before coming to an abrupt halt. Her front paws danced excitedly in front of me. I felt an undeniable urge to play with Ackley and frolic around in the gravel. I felt a pleasurable shiver throughout my body before I was face-to-face with Ackley. Her wet tongue darted out to lick my face causing me to yip in delight. Yip? I suddenly became acutely aware of my body. Something wasn't right. My head whipped around to look over my shoulder. A small heap of pajamas was covering my body. I crept forward, revealing red fur that had sprouted over my back to half-way up my bushy tail … Or should I say tails? How different it was to even have a tail… Let alone two of them. But a slightly more distracting fact was the bandages that had been covering the burns on my back were now stuck to my fur. An unintentional snarl escaped through my teeth. Movement in my peripheral vision caused my head to snap in that direction. Charlie . He was standing there with widened eyes. Lips turned down slightly in a frown. He looked really tall in my new perspective. What the fuck is happening? Thanks for reading. Let me know if you want more. Or if this is a dud.