retorted snidely, returning to his food. Jessica perked up, hopped from the table and clapped her hands. "Oh, WOW! I can't wait." I wasn't sure she could sound any more enthusiastic. "Maybe this time I can get that date he promised me a couple of years ago." Jasper rolled his eyes and said something under his breath. It sounded like he was telling her not to count on it. Jessica was one of those people that always assumed and opened their mouth when it needed to be shut. "We'll see, Jessica; thanks for stopping by." He smiled at her, waving his hand, hoping she'd go away. She didn't leave right away, so he spoke up. "Bella and I don't have much time for lunch. Was there anything else you needed?" Jasper asked. He maintained his annoyance the best he could. I was so proud of him. "Oh, I'm sorry. It was nice to see you Jasper." She turned, giving me a fake smile. "Bella," she said, sneering through my name. There was definitely no love lost between her and me. Jessica walked away swaying her hips seductively. Jasper and I chuckled at her actions. "So, WOW, this is news to me." I said mocking Jessica and clapping my hands like an airhead. I finally composed myself, "When were you gonna tell me?" I asked, seriously. I really wanted to know; more out of curiosity than anything. "I was about to tell you before Jessica interrupted," he replied, placing his napkin on the table. "Oh, um... which cousin?" I was trying not to sound too eager. I picked up my glass of tea, hoping to hide my own anxiousness. "Edward. My parents wanted me to invite you to dinner on Saturday. He gets into town on Friday and he'll be staying with them until he gets settled," he explained. My curiosity was turning into a crazed fan situation. "What do you mean settled?" I really wanted to know, now. I had always thought both, Emmett and Edward, were absolutely gorgeous, but Edward was the one that bedazzled me. There was just something about him that screamed seduction. Well that, and just looking at him kind of did a little somethin', somethin' to my lady bits. Emmett was off the market, though. He married his high school sweetheart, Rosalie Hale. Even until this day, they were still so in love. Momma Whitlock always croons over how proud she is of both Emmett and Edward. More of Emmett because he was still going strong with the love of his life. She always used him as an example when she lectured Jasper and I on our love lives. We just agreed with her and pretended like we listened to her, again. Jasper wandered if they were her children and not him. "Edward's the new coach over at U-Dub." He explained, smiling. "He took early retirement because of his knee injury last season. You remember him getting hurt, right?" I nodded. "Yeah, I remember. I didn't think it was that serious, though?" Jasper shrugged, "Yeah, his orthopedic doctor said that even with the surgery, he would always have problems," he explained. "He walks with a little limp but nothing too bad. He still has to do physical therapy for it." I nodded, letting him know I was listening. "So, what's the real reason your mom wants me at dinner on Saturday? No bullshit, either," I warned, already knowing where all this was going. He shook his head and looked down at the table. I knew Momma Whitlock was up to something by inviting me over. We usually did family dinners once a month and we just had dinner a couple of weeks ago. "Speak up, Whitlock. What aren't you telling me?" I asked, giving him a stern look. "Nothing," he said, shrugging, trying to play innocent. "I call bullshit on you. I know you better than you know yourself so spill!" I demanded. I knew anyone could hear me, but I didn't care. It was the way Jasper looked up at me that gave it away. I knew his mom was up to something and there was definitely more to this than just having dinner with family. "You know how mom is, Bella. She seems to think you would be perfect for Edward," he said. I loved his mother like she was my own mother, but she hadn't exactly lived up to her matchmaking skills. I chuckled at what he said. "Oh, good grief, Jasper. Your mom scares me, sometimes. Remember the last guy she tried to fix me up with? He asked me to marry him when he dropped me off at home. He even had a ring and got down on one knee." The look on Jasper's face was priceless. "No fuckin' way!" He let out a boisterous laugh. "You didn't tell me he had a ring, too." I laughed and continued with my story. "Oh, yeah. And when I politely turned him down, he started crying, and grabbed me around my legs. He started begging me, and if Mr. Watson hadn't been leaving the building, he would have never left. He had to physically remove him from me. My doorman, Walter, was ready to call the police if Mr. Watson couldn't get him to leave." "That's the funniest shit I've ever heard," Jasper said in between breaths from laughing so hard. "Laugh it up, Whitlock. I can't wait until your mom finds a fruit loop for you. You've been lucky so far," I said. That just made him laugh harder. I knew there was a reason why Jasper was my best friend. He was the only person I would let pick on me the way he did. Thank goodness I had such a good sense of humor and finding humor in my botched dates, was quite the comedic experience. Thank you for reading. I hope to update each Sunday during the commercial breaks of TWD. I look forward to any reviews. ~Stephanie~