quickly grabbed towels from the bathroom and threw one at Jacob who was just staring at me, I blushed and took off my shirt so I was just in my bra and jeans, I heard Jacob take a deep breath and I knew I made him nervous, I smiled and turned around, I walked up to Jacob who was sitting at the edge of my bed, I sat on his lap facing him, with a evil smile on my face. I pushed him back so he lay on my bed. I hovered over him and kissed him deeply and strongly, I gripped his cropped jet black hair and held it completely tight. I then went to his neck and started nibbling on it. He moaned lowly which made me deepen it. I started biting his neck so he had a little mark and kissed his chin. I roamed my way up and down his toned chest and leaned in so I whispered in his ear. "Are you nervous now?" I whispered devilishly and almost inaudible, he just hung his mouth open and I laughed as I got of his lap and took a fresh clean shirt and threw it on, Jacob still had his mouth opened but then started biting his lip, I couldn't contain my laughter as to how speechless he was. I walked to him and moved to his opened legs, and cupped his face and pulled him in a sweet kiss on his warm lips; we were interrupted by the warm voice of my Grandmother. "Renesmee, Jacob, dinners ready for you, don't make me come up there, and it's your favorite Italiana " she said and Jacob and I giggled before heading downstairs for dinner, as we past the living room I saw my uncle Emmett grinning widely at me, which made me blush scarlet, we made it into the dining room and I saw almost half the family there, Carmen, Cathy, Diego, my parents, Jason and Laura who stayed in for dinner and my grandmother who dished out the food. "Thank you grandma" Cathy said to her warmly, Esme just smiled and rubbed Cathy's shoulder, Jacob and I took our seats, and I saw Carmen smiling at me 'Can we talk' she mouthed I nodded, and she typed something down on her phone. Hey Ness, well I know this is unusual but guess what? I had my first kiss today, Yay! And I'm sure you know who it is, Brody xoxoxo -Carmen I read the text and my eyes widened. I saw Carmen blush and smile widely at me, I just laughed and texted back. Gosh would want to see that sometime Lol, I knew something was up with you two, come on text me the details, and how was it, passionate, sweet, slobber everywhere? ;) -Nessie I hit send and I saw her blush scarlet red and shook her head she mouthed 'later', I laughed and that's when I saw everyone stare at me like I was and idiotic creature, I shrugged, my brother shook his head. "Are you ok sister?" he asked jokingly, I rolled my eyes and I caught my dad sigh and shook his head in disappointment, I frowned was he angry at me for laughing or disappoint at Carmen, he nodded so I assume it was for the Carmen thing, I sighed and got a text. Who are you texting to Ness? You're giving me a lip lashLol xoxoxo -Laura I rolled my eyes at my best friend and that's when Emmett and Rosalie came into view. Emmett saw the happy Carmen and I knew this was going to be funny. "Wow Carmen sweetie, why such the giddy face, did the new Halo 5 come out yet?" he asked raising his voice in excitement and Jake and I chuckled, Carmen rolled her eyes. "No dad!" she blushed and carried on her food, I laughed and Rose patted Emmett's back. "Honey leave our daughter alone, she's in one of those happy moods" she said, Carmen's father raised an eyebrow and Carmen blushed more I could see she was embarrassed. "Ugh you mongrel, Can't you get a shirt, you're stinking up the premises" Rosalie said in complete disgust, I rolled my eyes, that relationship never ended. I sighed and my father chuckled. "Nice to see you too Blondie," Jake said, I smiled proud he didn't have a comeback, but I spoke too soon "Wonder why she's hiding her baldness we already see her hairline sticking out." Jake whispered in my ear and I gasped and slapped his shoulder, Rosalie shot death glares. "Ok ok Family calm down" my dad said, and I muttered thank you to him, everyone shut up and did their own thing, I saw Diego was the most quiet, he hadn't said a word and just played with his food, I wonder what's putting him down, I asked my dad in my head Dad, what's wrong with Diego? He sighed and he moved his hand so it was in contact with mine, He's just thinking about his family in Italy and missing his brothers and sisters, also he's been sad because he never got to meet his mother, and is seeing how grateful you have yours he told me, I looked sympathetic and I nodded, he shouldn't feel bad about not having mother, he's got one now, who loves him dearly and he shouldn't put himself down, it wasn't his fault, I'd make a note to talk to him later on, I felt a hot breath near my ear. "What was that about?" Jacob whispered, I shook my head and projected Later , we all enjoyed our dinner and everyone did their own thing after that. Jacob slept on the other bed in my father's old room and I crawled in mine and slept soundly asleep dream-free. A/N: Well that's the first chapter guys of the 'Renesmee's: Midnight Moon' and although it's long, I hope you enjoyed it. Please review!