where kisses and touches divested them quickly of what remained of their cloth armor. Bella could not believe the moan that Edward's lips drew out of her wherever and whenever they kissed. Her torso or her breasts equally enjoyed Edward's attention . When they reached her nipple she felt herself melt into a luminescent puddle in the soft rain light. Edward now hovered above her, a tripod of elbows and forehead. He was nestled right there, she could feel him, his eagerness and readiness firmly apparent against the inside of her thigh. His deep breath and shudder instantly alerted her that something was holding him back, stopping the rhythm of their night. "Bella, shit, I'm sorry…I never think I'll… I never thought, I don't…" Once again that supercomputer between her own ears had the words forming before she concisely understood in full. "No, oh? No, we're good. I haven't been with anyone in ages and I've been checked. I'm on the shot." She almost chuckled as she spoke, her voice thick with desire and relief. "We're covered." "Thank God." He breathed against her neck as he lifted her just so and sheathed himself as far as he could. Bella moaned at the connection she felt to her core. And they were one and there were no more words. Deep in the night he spoke. "I'm a Marine. IED. Right by our Hummer. Next to a girls school." Her response was to hold him, his ear against the beat of her own heart. Much much later, they woke to each others exploration. She was trailing soft kisses on each scar she found. His fingers slid over the curves of her back, her waist and then softly kneading her bottom cheeks, holding them softly. She lifted herself over him, her hair brushing his chest. She came to his face and kissed him, sharing a deep sigh of contentment as she took him, and they were one again. Somewhere deep in the night, they had the presence to set an alarm, and to dreamily set their numbers in each others phones. They slept soundly,wrapped and entwined, one to the other, sharing the slumber of the newly cured, deep and healing. Over coffee and eggs (Hers - poached, His - over easy), they compared notes on the rest of their week. He was slated on a red eye for Friday - his niece was having her birthday on Saturday and Edward promised to be there. She would fly out on Sunday, but they would have later tonight and dinner on Friday…. Charlotte had been expecting her longtime friend and sometimes partner in girly crimes to continue to wear her cloak of disgruntlement. She had detected this attitude from their emails and texts, and the tone of Bella's voice in each of their phone conversations. Now, here they sat at Bon Vivant, in comfy chairs in a cozy corner near the large fireplace, and Charlotte was astonished at the smile and the absolute sparkle radiating off Bella. "So, you look good. Really good." Charlotte set down her mug and lightly arched her eyebrow. " Tell me, tell me all about him. Girl, you never and I mean never looked this good back then.." Bella smiled, took a big sip of her own latte and began. "Char, it was as if he was made just for me…" The Virgin flight was pretty full late Sunday night. She wasn't due into the office till noon, well, she could actually just skip the office on Monday. She had spoken to Edward briefly on Saturday, he was full of cake and ice cream from the party. It had been hard to say goodbye, but Charlotte had been a great diversion and she felt she'd been good company at last. Today she'd contented herself with just listening to his voice , and leaving a short message. Jumping from two hours behind him to one ahead would be better. She found herself one of the last to board the plane. Getting to her aisle seat, she put in her earbuds, closed her eyes and settled in to try and sleep. A soft touch to her shoulder caused her to open her eyes and gasp. "I think that middle seat is mine Bella, unless you'd prefer it and I can take the point, I mean, the aisle?" "I ..what? How?" And then, they kissed. Not a peck on the cheek or kissy-kissy air kiss hello, but she-slid over-and-he-held-her-face-in-his-hands-and -kissed-her-breathless kiss. Nothing more could be said or done under the watchful eye of the flight attendant who was right next to them for the safety briefing. While it droned on, Bella found herself staring at those long, elegant fingers wrapped around her own. Edward was looking forward, with a soft smile emanating from his eyes. The window seat passenger was already deep in dreamland and the flight attendant moved down the aisle as the plane started to move at last. "I've been sent. I've been, I mean I've come to court and woo you, Miss Swan." Edward turned and touched his forehead to Bella's, before he continued. "I was informed last night by my family that it is my duty and honor to engineer a solution." He asked permission with his eyes as he slid his arm around her shoulder, brushing her cheek as he whispered in her ear "I'm at your disposal for the coming week." "I can work with that." "I have no doubt. Miss Swan, you are the senseless act of beauty that has lit my life." "The rest we can figure." Bella rested her head against his shoulder, realizing that all the random bits of kindness she had performed had perhaps come round her way at last. "We surely will figure, Miss Swan" and his smile broadened as he whispered…"for now. Semper Fi" ~Fin~ Author's note As always it's a delight to participate in the exchange! Let me know if you think he really can engineer a solution! Reb