to her bedroom. She undressed quickly, happy to get out of the spandex and pulled on an over sized snap-on shirt that her father gave her to work on cars and crawled onto her bed, flipped her small tv on and flicked her smoke ash into the open coke can on her desk and watched some cartoons until she was ready for bed. Come Monday morning, Courtney dressed in an old Kiss band shirt and jeans, left her wild mane of hair down and walked out of her room. Larry trailed after her dutifully to the kitchen table where her dad smiled at her. "Do your new friends go to the rez school?" The redhead sipped out of her dad's coffee mug and nodded, "Some do." Courtney looked around the house as she tried to avoid her father's gaze, he would be able to tell that she was lying if she looked at him. Guilt racked through her, she felt bad that her being a loner this year, it affected him more than her. "Okay! I'll be at the shop at about ten, can you walk after school?" Courtney nodded as she grabbed her backpack off the table and stuffed her books into them. She picked up her keys, and smiled when she saw the colorful ones that symbolized the shop's different doors. "No problem, I'll see you later." She replied as she leaned down and kissed Robert's head, scratched Larry behind his large stuck up bunny ears and walked out the door. Courtney's mood vanished once she began walking down the large unpaved roads to the school, it was only a few minutes to reach the reservation's high school, but she knew once she got there it would be like the past few months. She would sit in Mrs. Hosts room, read her book, help grade papers and pretend like she chose to go there instead of being outcasted to the room. The small school came into sight, and Courtney walked her normal fast pace through the half filled parking lot of old beat up cars, the only type of vehicle's La Push could afford, and into the double doors. "Court!" Courtney grumbled at the stuck nickname from Ayala. Courtney turned and saw the brunette near her locker. Courtney came and lent on the one next to her. "Why'd you leave?" The girl had a face that showed every emotion, at that moment hurt was evident. Courtney sighed and looked away, "Trouble with dad," She replied softly. Mentally Courtney hated herself, the amount of lies she was telling in the last few days were astronomical. She was thankful no one on the reservation could tell when her face became more emotionless she was lying. "Oh, I'm sorry. Did you have fun while you could get away?" Ayala brightened up immediately. "Yeah! Your parents went all out." Ayala sighed and shut her locker, "Yeah, it made us tight this month." No kidding , Courtney thought. Courtney couldn't believe that Ayala would let her parents do that for her, knowing the consequences of their money. Being in their small 'church group' meant they normally had more responsibilities than other teens, meaning they all knew their money situation. Hell, even if she didn't, it was freaking La Push. No one had extra money to be throwing an early Halloween/ late birthday party like that. "Well! You met Paul! We have been friends since freshman year," Courtney bit back about asking her how that could have happened. "Hey, your Harley Quinn." A deep voice announced. Courtney felt her stomach drop as she turned around to see a smirking Paul. "Speak of the devil! We were just talking about you!" Courtney sighed at Ayala's peppiness. Even back in California where there was endless preppy people, Courtney couldn't stand it, and now, in a small dreary town Courtney was hoping there wouldn't be anyone like that. Sadly, it was one of her only friends. "We never got to finish that talk about music," Paul commented. Courtney raised an eyebrow at him. "Why don't you just ask me what my favorite color is next?" Courtney grumbled. Ayala let out a laugh. "Well I have to go see Mr. Birch, I'll see you at lunch right?" Ayala looked directly at Courtney. She nodded while giving her a tight smile. Courtney turned to go to her own locker, but Paul fell into step with her. "So the Scorpions huh?" Courtney nodded. "Nice t-shirt by the way," Paul tried again. "Thanks." "What is your problem with me?" He stopped suddenly, Courtney followed suit and turned. A raised eyebrow at him. "I have no problem with you." Paul mimicked her and raised an eyebrow. "Liar" Courtney stood straighter at his words, surprised he noticed. Apparently one person could see through her. It annoyed her it happen to be the player of the smallest Indian reservation on the damn planet. "Medusa is into you, I'm letting her play with that fire." Paul laughed, "So you think I'm hot?" "Ha-No. Not my type." Paul fell into step with Courtney once again. "So what is your type?" "For one, I prefer brains over brawn." Paul laughed as they stopped at her locker, she threw the four books she had checked out into it and grabbed her notebook. "You should have seen me freshman year, I had a lot more 'brawn'." Courtney gave a laugh and disappeared into a nearby classroom. She turned and saw Paul lent against the open door frame, he gave a genuine smile before disappearing. Courtney slumped into the first desk by the door, and let her head fall back against the seat. She was not willing to admit the boy annoyed her the right kind of way. She was not ready to admit there was something about that asshole that she seemed to enjoy. And she defiantly was not ready to admit that he was different than everyone in La Push. Even if that difference was a bad thing.