Jasper gave Emmett the Evil Eye for his scary sound effects—Alice called out a name: "Syuta Ishida?" Nothing… She tried again. …Only the sounds of the radio static. …Only the sounds of the forest. …Only the quiet breathing of five expectant vampires, sitting silently in the near-dark of their living room. Alice waited two more minutes, and tried a third time. "Syuta Ishida? Can you hear us? Can you tell us something?" Another silent minute went by, and then… "… per …" Everyone froze. They held their breaths. The voice had come from the radio. Chapter Six "… per …" Everyone froze. They held their breaths. Slowly, they all turned their heads to stare at the radio, dumbfounded. They each tensed, ready to protect their mates. Seconds ticked by. Just static… "… sper …" Who? The voice sounded far away. "… Jasper …" Suddenly, the whole group felt horror and panic and shame, deep in their cores! It felt as if some dark Abyss was waiting to rush at each of them and swallow them up! Edward could see them all wanting to run screaming, away into the forest, and never stopping for thousands and thousands of miles! Perhaps, they would all run for eternity, just to escape that goddamn voice! "You're…projecting…" shuddered Alice, her angelic voice small and poisoned by her own mate's fear. Jasper…he couldn't stop. No! NO! It wasn't possible! It was a trick! Maria's trick! Or Lucy's…or…or… Suddenly, he wasn't with the Cullen's. He wasn't in the pretty little house in Washington. He was far away, far down South, in some old barn that reeked of old hay and animal piss and vampire lust. Lust for blood and power and vengeance. It was night. There should have been lights, but the Newborns broke them. There should have been people, but the Newborns ate them. It's when they stopped the constant breaking and eating that Maria sent Jasper to do… THAT . There was no one else who endured the emotional blows—the fear and anger, the regret. Acceptance of their fate. Some of them even fucked with him by feeling forgiveness. The voice—it led him far back into that dreaded place, where the only lights came from the stars in the sky. There, a boy waited for him, sitting on a milking stool, content to watch those stars in their beautiful distance. A young boy, only fifteen when Maria turned him. She never allowed Jasper to turn anyone. Loyalty belonged to her. He was only a child, but not young enough for the Volturi to come and end Jasper's sentence in Maria's Hell. Her fucking army! Jasper saw himself stroll forward to stand beside the boy, pat his back. Job well done today! The boy didn't understand the trap. He glanced at Jasper—a boy's stupid admiration for a man's prowess. He went back to cherishing the stars. Jasper couldn't look at their beauty. They would make him soft. He stared forward, pretended he was a machine with no conscience—a mindless hand ripping the full-grown wheat from the fields, so that new seeds could take its place. He turned to the boy, tried to keep his emotions from giving the game away. He couldn't….couldn't turn himself into that mindless machine. So, he quickly grabbed the boy from behind, pinning his arms. His year was up, his strength had faded, and Jasper was more skillful in fighting. Even so, the boy struggled, gasping against what was coming. His panic was like a sledgehammer! Jasper's hand moved to the boy's forehead, adorned with dark curls and country dust. He pressed harder, dug his fingers in… "Jasper! Please..!" The boy spoke, but it was Alice's voice. The vision vanished. There was no boy, no barn—it was all past. Jasper was back in the house, his new family surrounding him. His mate was curled up in his lap, cradling his face in desperation. The bad feelings had stopped. "Thank fucking God…"choked Rose. Emmett just stared at her, too shocked at what they'd been through to whip out anything remotely witty. They all breathed in the air, as if they'd just survived a near-fatal drowning. Jasper held his mate, anchoring himself with her golden eyes. " It's … ok .. ay ." Jasper looked up, sharply. He wanted to smash the radio with all his vampire strength. He wanted his new family to never know what he'd done, how many times he'd done it. His breathing came out raggedly. Alice knew. He'd held nothing back from her. She knew everything—the events, the names, the individual personalities. "Listen to him, Jasper." she said, softly. He looked back down into her eyes, afraid. This was his trial, and he was guilty. Her eyes held no condemnation, no chopping block for the head of his sin-stinking soul. Jasper turned back to the radio, its static steady in the glow of the candles. "Samuel." " Jas ... per ." It was the boy's voice, unchanged in its youth. He remembered it. " It's … ok ... ay . Be … free . Be….free? Samuel…was offering him forgiveness. Jasper had taken his life and burned his body, and the boy was offering him forgiveness. Forgiveness—an oasis of paradise in his long-stretching desert of despair and shame. Jasper looked down into his wife's eyes, saw the joy and peace shining there. He looked into the hopeful faces of his siblings—Emmett, Rosalie, and Edward. He turned back to the radio. "Thank you, Samuel. Be at peace." " Good … bye ". The voice faded into a childlike whisper, and the soft static returned. Outside, two car doors slammed shut, and the voices of Carlisle and Esme could be heard from the garage. Startled, the five vampires jumped up and set about hiding the evidence of their ghost hunting. Jasper watched the love of his entire existence put the still-lit lilac candles on the glass top table, and he smiled. He had gained two things that healed him— Hope. And Forgiveness.