amazing! Yeah, it's sad that we will never get a repeat performance. No doubt that she is going to just go right on in there and tell her friends how she just showed the asshole cop a thing or two. She wouldn't. She couldn't! Not after that piece of perfection! She is female, asshole. Remember, you also thought that Hurricane Tanya was impossible too…do you want an instant replay? Rosalie could never be as sick and twisted as Tanya! Wanna bet, Em? She is female… Like they are all like that…asshole! She smiled at me, oblivious to my presumptuous internal conversation, "Emmett, I don't want to be a killjoy, but my ass is getting cold. Also, I'd like to get to either your place or mine so that we don't have to worry about going to jail." I laughed at her worry over going to jail, "What do you mean, my place or your place? Wasn't this just a onetime thing? Ya know, so that you can tell your friends about how you got one up on the asshole cop that pulled you over?" Her face fell and her bitch façade was immediately back in place, "What? Is that what this was to you? Just an opportunity to have a story to tell your boys back inside about how you fucked the girl that you caught speeding?" She raised her hand to slap me and I caught it, bringing it to my chest and holding it there, "No, Rosalie, this was an opportunity for me to apologize to the beautiful woman I met earlier in hopes to start something more meaningful than a court date." Her eyes brightened slightly and she leaned in to kiss me, "Well, then. That changes everything. Now, Officer , your place or mine?" I smiled at her change of heart and pulled her from the car to my embrace – it seems that a routine traffic stop would end up changing my life after all. A/N: So…how was it? Be easy now, lol. Just remember, not all of these are going to be all human. There is gonna be some vampy lovin' too. Also, there will be unusual pairings…it's gonna be the shit! I'm very excited…especially about the next one… Everything I Own . It will be Alice/Bella pairings…kinda. It's extremely gut wrenching. I know – I got that shit playing in my head right now…gonna be sad…bring lots of tissues. Below are the words for Up Against The Wall , just in case you wondered where this one came from. "Up Against The Wall" You know we don't care at all let me see you up, up against the wall I was just doin' my thing Hanging out at the spot You know the place we go The music's john blaze hot And everybody was feeling the DJ (the DJ) Smoke cleared and I saw a beautiful lady The lights went low and the disco ball came down She walked up to me slow and you know what happens now The girl was fine and she knew she had game What more do I have to say? She took my hand We never said a word at all She starting grinding Shorty had me up against the wall Ask me about tomorrow You know that I don't care at all I just got caught up when She had me up against the wall You know we don't care at all Just get caught up when you're up against the wall We don't, we don't care at all (you know we don't care at all, let me see you up, up, up against the wall) It's almost 2 o'clock It's time to make my move The after hours spot Is where I'm going to Cause I gotta have some more Looking for somebody to hit the dance floor And lucky for me I see a fine young lady's eying me The lights are low and our friends were all around I walked up to her slow and you know what happens now She turned around and she worked in the worst way What more, do I have to say? She took my hand We never said a word at all We starting grinding Shorty had me up against the wall Ask me about tomorrow You know that I don't care at all I just got caught up when She had me up against the wall Shorty had me up against the wall Mirror mirror on the wall Who's the cutest one you saw? She's underneath the disco ball, the disco ball, the disco ball Standing next to strobe lights Dancin' hot, looking tight The freak show do come out at night, out at night, night, night, night.. What more do I have to say? She took my hand We never said a word at all We starting grinding Shorty had me up against the wall Ask me about tomorrow You know that I don't care at all I just got caught up when She had me up against the wall She took my hand We never said a word at all We starting grinding Shorty had me up against the wall Ask me about tomorrow You know that I don't care at all I just got caught up when She had me up against the wall Shorty had me up against the wall I just got caught up when you had me up against the wall We don't, we don't care at all You just get caught up when you're up against the wall We don't, we don't care at all You know we don't care at all Let me see you up, up against the wall We don't, we don't care at all You know we don't care at all You just get caught up when you're up against the wall We don't, we don't care at all You know we don't care at all Let me see you up, up against the wall