a few inches taller than him. Angela pats Eric on the chest. "Haven't you heard, Eric? A magician never reveals her secrets." The group shares another laugh. "Alright, I gotta go, my mom is expecting me home by 3." Eric removes himself from the van's side. "Yea, me too. See you guys tomorrow, and Bella, just think about it, everyone needs a sidekick." He grins, almost falls, slipping on ice as he walks backward. "Oh, and that's my ride, see you tomorrow, Bella, guys." Jessica waves as she gets into what looks like her mom's car. Bella waves in return and then she's gone. "Do you need a ride, Bella?" Mike scuffles the toe of his boot on the ground. Tyler nods, "Yea, either of us can give you a ride." Tyler smiles and it's a lot less creepy than Mike's 'sexy' smile. "It's fine, Charlie should be here any minute." Bella smiles at the two as she walks to the nearest bench table. One at a time they leave Bella with the other lingering students in the parking lot, thankfully it still looks moderately full so she's not some loser waiting on a ride. Minutes tick by and Bella looks forward, constantly resisting the urge to look behind her, it feels like she's being watched. By the grace of whatever deity that exists, Charlie pulls into the lot, and only when she's safely in the car does she look back to see the perpetrator. The Cullens. Great. She's suffered a week of glares and weird looks from the Cullens, except Edward as he suddenly disappeared. Ms. Denali on the other hand only ever looked at Bella in a curious, and almost fascinated, type of way. As such, she's cut back on her 'suspicious' behavior, maybe she shouldn't have pushed Mike and Ms. Denali, maybe that was just too much for the first day of school. Bella doesn't really care though, it's not like she could get in trouble. However, that doesn't mean that this isn't extremely annoying. The only good thing to come out of this past week is the old, and Bella does mean old , red truck Charlie bought for her. It's paint is a little chipped and there's a dent on the left tire well, but Bella likes it and she's pretty sure Charlie only bought it because it was made around the same time he was born, sixty something. As soon as Bella parks, next to Tyler's van, Tyler jumps into the bed and drums on the roof. "Bellaaaaa!" She shakes her head, laughing as she jumps out, backpack in tow. "Bella!" He grins down at her before jumping over the side and landing a few feet infront of her. "Real smooth, Crowley." Mike almost sneers at Tyler, but he doesn't, instead he looks like he just bit a lemon. Tyler throws an arm around Bella's shoulder, grinning at Mike. "Smoother than you, tell him Bella." Bella laughs again, stepping out from Tyler's arm to throw her arms around Jessica and Angela's waists. "Let be honest, I'm the smoothest one here." As if on cue, the two girls pretend to swoon in Bella's arms, before the whole group collapses into laughter. Bella releases them and puts down her tailgate. She hops up and sits on the ledge, Angela and Jessica follow her lead. After a few minutes of chit chat, a familiar silver car and green jeep park across from Bella and wouldn't you know it, Edward Cullen is back. "Would you look at that, pretty boy Cullen has decided to grace us with his presence." At first Bella thinks Mike is making a snide remark about Edward coming back to school, so she laughs, but then she sees it, Edward is coming their way. Eric straightens up immediately. "Okay, act cool." Bella whips her head around to look at him. "You're fucking shitting me, right?" She laughs in a disbelieving way, scoffing when Eric blushes. A throat clears itself and Bella turns back around. Edward is standing right there...and he doesn't speak. "Can we help you?" She raised an eyebrow as she prompts him. "I was wondering if you'd allow me to walk you to class?" He grins and Bella thinks that it's supposed to be charming, but it looks cocky and more like an 'I'm better than you' smile. "You're fucking shitting me, right?" Her friends shit a brick and fall into poorly concealed giggles. Edward frowns and it creepily resembles the look a parent would give their child when disappointed. "Is there really a need for such language?" Both of Bella's brows shoot up, her mouth gaping in a silent 'O'. "Would you look at that, the bell just rang." She stands, gathering her things. "The bell didn't-" "Don't want to be late for class, see you guys later." She waves to her friends before turning to Edward. "See you never, ok? Good. Bye!" Bella hurriedly makes her exit, only stopping when she's safely in front of her locker. That was a close one. "Running from monsters?" The soft, purring voice makes Bella jump and spin to see who just scared the shit out of her. Ms. Denali leans against the locker next to her and Bella gives a sigh of relief as she opens her locker the switch out her book. "Yea, the teenage boy variety." Ms. Denali chuckles and it sends a shiver down Bella's spine. "Those are the worst." The blonde teacher give Bella a predatory smirk. "Yea." Bella agrees with her, a little dazed and unable to look away from white teeth and red lips even as she shuts her locker. "I've always believed that girls, older ones, are much less troublesome." Bella squints her eyes, trying to decode the tone Ms. Denali is speaking to her with, but the look is quickly lost as the actual bell rings. Ms. Denali give Bella another smile. "I'll catch you later, Bella." This time Bella is the one left behind.