around just in case but again nothing. My door is still closed plus he wouldn't have been able to get out of my room without me noticing the door. I check my window it's still locked. I let out a big sigh and try to calm my erratic heartbeat. I see nothing so I turn back and put the lamp back plugging it back in. I feel so stupid. Maybe I just blacked out? I haven't got much sleep lately I'm just going crazy that's all… I throw my headphones and CD player on the bed I smooth my hair back and take a deep breath. I should get a glass of water and just relax for a bit. I turn and take one step before I see the red eyes my nightmares have been filled with. My back is to the wall again my hands held above my head in a cold tight grip my legs dangle and feel like dead weight. My mouth is covered by another ice cold grip he smirks, I can't help but notice his eyes are brighter shade of red from the last time he was here. He licks his lips and turns my head to the right. He takes a deep breath my heart is beating out of my chest I feel tears well up in my eyes. I feel deadly cold lips touch my neck then a burning pinch. The whole area of my neck he touched felt like it was being engulfed in flames. I scream at the top of my lungs even past his icy grip I could hear the piercing sound. his hand grips my mouth painfully I feel it pop. I just had to try something a last attempt to save my own life but I fear that is a dead end. Hopefully he kills me quickly so I won't suffer a slow painful death. I close my eyes letting the tears fall I close my eyes tightly. I'm sorry mom, dad, Phil. Take care… I hear a door smack open "BELLA?!" my eyes fly open. Mom? No, no, no! Don't come in here run!!! Run!! Before he kills us both!! I hear her heels smack on the wooden floor as she starts to run from the front door then upstairs. The man stops looks at my closed door and growls. He makes me look at him he smiles and whispers in my ear "Don't worry I'll be back." I feel my feet touch the floor, my hair out of its ponytail covering my neck, my hands drop to my sides and a blast of air that makes the pages of my books turn. My door smacks open making me jump from fright my mom comes in her eyes wild with worry. "What happened?! What's wrong?!" she asks breathlessly. I look around my room trying to find a good excuse when I see my window wide open. "Bella??!" I put my hair behind my right ear so I don't show the mark "I- I s-s-saw a-a r-rat!" My mom screeches and throws me my shoes. I put them on and run out of the dungeon that was once a sanctuary. We run downstairs to the kitchen, she gets out the phone book and calls an exterminator. I go to the entrance and close the front door. I make sure my mom isn't paying attention to me before I move my hair from my neck to the still burning skin I grimace. The skin is red and has two perfect crescent marks that slightly have blood. This can't happen again… I have to get away from this place. ~ End Flashback ~ I haven't told anyone because who would believe me that a glowing red eyed man has been stalking me and trying to kill me. Of Ms. Simple, Ms. Plain, and Ms. Nobody. I close my eyes and take a deep breath of the misty air. He's gonna kill me one day I have no doubts about it. I just wish I knew when… I open my eyes and look at the pine trees the little needles soaked from the rain earlier sparkle in the moonlight. I see something move from the tree bark. I try to look around for a deer, rabbit, or some type of animal. I look around and in just a blink it changed. There he was leaning on a tree his hair slicked back into a ponytail, his chest and feet are bare his skin glowing, his arms crossed against his cold chest and ripped jeans are the only thing that covers him. His smile was like seeing an old friend he waves his hand. The cold air that filled my lungs burns I breathe out not even realizing I wasn't breathing. I close my eyes and shake my head. This isn't real! He's not there! He's not real!!! I scream in my head when I open my eyes he's still there but something is different. I squint and lean out my window to see what it is. Blood… his mouth his chest and arms covered in blood. He smiles showing me his red dyed mouth. He disappears as soon as I blink. The rain begins the pour heavily. I close my window and lock it I even close the blinds for good measure. My hand goes to the bite mark the two crescents like ice compared to the rest of my skin. I lay down in my bed and turn off my lamp my hands cover my face as I take slow shaky breathes trying to calm myself enough to sleep even if it's just for a while. I close my eyes and think of the glowing man with blood covering him.Maybe I'm just crazy because he couldn't be real, things like this don't exist, a monster like him isn't real… Right? Thank you guys for reading please comment favorite and follow! And find out what happens next on Bella's Secrets !