just didn't give a fuck. I tugged his shirt upward, scraping his chest in the process, accidentally leaving behind striking red marks against his pale skin. In response, he ripped the seams of my shirt and pulled down my bra, not bothering with the hook. I growled, reaching behind me to do his job as he unbuckled his belt, something I'd always struggled with in the past. We both kicked off our jeans and underwear at the same time, matching each other's rhythm, an optimistic sign of what we'd be doing in a few minutes. Seconds. I gasped as he slammed me to the wall of my trailer, the sound echoing throughout the metallic box. "Up," I demanded, briefly detaching myself from his lips, as he obliged. My legs automatically wrapped around his hips, sliding a few times as he struggled to balance my weight with his arms. He growled, the sound of pure male frustration, until he finally maneuvered my legs around his waist, his fingers digging into the backs of my thighs. "Oh!" I cried, scratching against his shoulders, reveling in the streaks I left behind. His lips fastened around one nipple, his tongue licking hungrily around the areola before he sucked. I felt the brief flicker of pleasure, tilting my head back. He gently released and blew on the sensitive skin, the darkened irises watching me as I bit my lip. "No," he protested. "I want to hear everything. I want this to be real." Just like we used to be, he added with his eyes. I dropped my head with a slight nod, and he repeated his ministrations on my other nipple-this time each flare of my nerve endings was acknowledged verbally, though I drew the line at saying his name. Past was already meeting present in ways that I hadn't expected, and I felt like I was frantically gripping at the last vestiges of my reality. Sensing my impatience, Edward slid me down slightly, perfectly aligning our lower halves. I groaned this time, finally surrendering to the inevitable fucking as his dick rubbed against my pussy, already wet from god knows what. "Are you still as tight?" He asked, his eyes fixed on his prize hungrily. I reached down to grab his cock and push it insistently against me, gasping at the hardness of it, feeling it pulse between my fingers. The thick head sunk in and I forced myself to relax. Sweat dotted my forehead and I adjusted my position, bringing him closer to fully sink down onto him. Once the entire head was finally in, I gazed at him triumphantly. "Does that answer your question?" I panted, clenching. His arms flexed, the veins popping against his translucent skin. Those green eyes narrowed to slits as he watched my mouth part on a silent scream while he pushed himself further inside me. "I love watching your face when I first sink inside you," he confessed. "You look like you can't believe how good my cock feels-so fucking good." He pulled back slightly to thrust, the wet sound embarrassingly loud in the silence. "Tell me, sweetheart." "Don't," I sharply objected, grinding against him for an orgasm I deserved. "Not for this." His jaw clenched at my outlaw of any sweet titles or nicknames. "Whatever you want," he agreed. "I have what I want." I didn't know if he meant sex or everything before sex. Closure-at this point, was that even possible? His thrusts were consistently solid, and felt far better than they should. But something gnawed at me that it wasn't enough. What would follow, exactly? A few more thrusts, a few more moans, twin orgasms, and then awkward goodbyes? Was that how this would end? No. No fucking way. I opened my eyes again and grasped his face in my hands, registering his surprised expression. I needed to be just as active in this-whatever this was-with him. I needed to take just as much as he did, as much as he had. My fingers dug into his cheeks, making him seem more gaunt, holding him in my hands and between my legs. His lips parted, panting with exertion, his eyes wide with pleading. I mashed my lips onto his. Violence upon violence. We didn't need fuck or to be fucked; we needed to destroy and be destroyed. So I pushed his rhythm, slamming against his thighs, the rough sounds furthering our feral impulse, until we couldn't distinguish between lust and the aching sadness that had started it all. The walls shook and banged behind us, making it sound like there was an earthquake threatening to disassemble the entire fucking thing. Neither of us knew whether we fucked to ruin or salvation but it was clear this was an escape. Hard, rough, frantic, pleading, loving, hateful sex-the kind where you don't know if you hate this person or you hate that you love them so much it hurts. The kind where you vomit the blackness, the rage-every ugly, jagged, scarred piece of you until your nerves are exposed, the pain a brilliant exhilaration and the most torturous kind of freedom. It was fitting then, for my orgasm to wrench out of me first, silently shaking the foundation of what I knew until I felt nothing but numb. I peered down tiredly at Edward, who was still pounding away, and started to countdown to the conclusion. This would end like all the other scenes, and nothing would be different, even if we were no longer the same people who had performed all those times before. "Bella," he yelled, his throat contracting visibly. I leaned in and tenderly kissed him again, the whisper of a goodbye. Shiny trails of sweat caused my grip to loosen and slip, as he panted heavily, still anchoring his body to mine. Finally, those clear green eyes opened. Filled with satisfaction of a different kind, steady with hope. "It's over," he whispered. "We're done." A small smile graced my lips. Finally. "CUT!"