all adopted. The Hales are brother and sister, twins actually. They're the blonde ones, and they're foster children." 'If they're not related, why was she so offended that they're all together?' Rica growls in my head and I jump in shock. She must have been listening in earlier. Judgmental people really piss Rica off. 'Oh, now you say something,' I reply sourly. "Which one is the boy with the reddish brown hair?" I found myself asking. "That's Edward. He's gorgeous, of course, but don't waste your time. He doesn't even bother to date. Apparently, none of the girls here are up to his standards." I wonder when he turned her down. I glance quickly at Edward and his face is turned away, but I swear his cheek is lifted, like he is smiling. I quickly look away and turn my attention back to Jessica and her friends. After a few minutes, the Cullens and the Hales get up and leave the cafeteria. Shortly after, I start towards Biology II with Angela, who said she has Biology II with me. We walk in silence. She is really shy, too. We enter the classroom together and Angela goes to sit with someone else. In fact, I look around the room and there is only one seat open. In fact, that seat happens to be right next to Edward Cullen. As I head towards the front of the room, I glance back at him and I can't help but to stare. His eyes are black, like coal. Mr. Banner quickly signs my slip and hands me a book without bother to have me introduce myself to the class, which I am grateful for. He sends me to the only open seat, right next to Edward. As I sit, I can't help but to notice the death glares he seems to be sending me. As the minutes pass, I notice that he's leaning next to me. Do I smell bad? 'You smell like skunk,' Rica says and I scowl. 'You're nice as ever,' I comment and flip my hair over the left side of my face, creating a curtain between us. 'How are you supposed to eat him up with your eyes if you can't see him?' she asks. I quickly glance through my wall of hair and notice that he hasn't relaxed. 'Wow, are you making that face again and scaring him?' 'How do I know that you didn't do something and he's avoiding me because he thinks that I'm you?' I reply snappily. 'I got in a lot of trouble already. I walked right up to him and said, "Fuck you," to his face. Then, I repeatedly told the teacher to go screw himself.' I snort in laughter and immediately turn red. A few people turn and look at me, but quickly turn away. 'Now everyone thinks you're nuts.' I ignore her comment and decide that it's best to listen to the teacher. Occasionally, I glance at Edward and throughout the entire class period, he never once relaxes. The moment the bell rings, he's out of his seat and out the door. I am trying my best to keep myself from crying when I hear someone say, "Aren't you Isabella Swan?" I look up and see a cute, baby-face boy, with pale blond hair smiling at me. "Bella," I correct him with a smile. "I'm Mike," he introduces himself. "Hi, Mike." 'Smooth,' Rica says and I ignore her. "Do you need help finding your next class?" he offers helpfully. "I'm heading to the gym, actually, and I think that I can find it." I am trying to politely reject him. "That's my next class, too," he informs me in a thrilled tone. As we walk to class, I discover that he is a chatter box. He supplies most of the conversation, which I'm grateful for. Surprisingly, he's the nicest person I've met today. As we enter the gym, he asks, "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or something? I've never seen him act like that." Thank god I'm not the only one that noticed. "Was that the boy I sat next to in Biology?" I ask faking ignorance. "Yes," he says. "He looked like he was in pain or something." "I don't think I made him mad," I say more sourly than I would have liked. "I never even talked to him." "I guess he's just weird," Mike says. He lingers by me a bit before deciding it's best to head into the men's locker room. I head quickly into the women's locker room and look for Couch Clapp, who supplies me with a uniform. Gym passes fairly quickly without incident and I say a silent thank you as soon as I'm heading to the office. 'I'm surprised you didn't hurt someone,' Rica comments as we head towards the office. 'Me too,' I say as we enter the room. I almost turn around right away. Edward Cullen stands at the front desk. He doesn't appear to notice our entrance, so we stand towards the back of the room. 'He seems to be having trouble,' Rica comments dryly. He's trying to switch Biology… for any other time. Holy shit, this is about me! 'What did I do to him?' I say internally with a scowl. 'I don't know…' Rica says and she has a disturbed look on her face. Rica sighs and Edwards head snaps towards us. He quickly turns away and mutters something to the receptionist and hurries out the door. Rica and I approach the desk and hand her our slips. "How did your first day go?" she asks. "Fine," we answer at the same time and I mentally face palm. Why did we have to do it again? We are sent on our way and I practically run back to the truck. I turn the key and wait for Rica to get in. Then, I take off out of the parking lot as fast as I can.