my husband. "Very funny, but no, I'm just grateful she's not getting you sick" I answered him. He laughed as he faced me with his back flat on the chair. "How would my life be without you?" He asked. "Probably suckish" I shrugged and he laughed as he got up and laid his warm hands on my thighs. "Definitely" He says huskily as he leaned down to kiss me lightly on the lips. I moved my arms from the desk and wrapped them around his neck feeling the silk of his black hair. The kiss soon became urgent and he immediately picked me up and wrapped my legs tightly around his waist and grinded me against the wall. Our lips were never departed until he moved them to my neck and began kissing and suckling on it. I gasped and moaned lowly as I felt his tongue move all of my neck sending sensations through me. He moved my shirt slightly up during the process… "Sir, may I ask…" We heard a voice from behind stop as he saw us. We spun around to see one of his employees, Aiden staring at us. "Oh god, I'm sorry, I should have knocked. I'll co-come back later" He said nervously as he left the room and shut the door. Jacob cussed under his breath and I blushed. "Sorry about that" Jacob said looking a little angry. "I should have locked the door" He mumbled. "It's okay Jake" I giggled still blushing. He smiled and kissed me lightly on the nose and lay me on the ground. "I think you better get to work" I giggled and he nodded. "I'll be back" He said and pecking me on the lips before leaving the room. I sat on the chair and stared at the picture of the day Adam was born with me in it. I smiled at the frame remembering that wonderful day my son was born. I could still remember it like it was fresh in my mind. I couldn't be much happier at where I am now, I have a great life, perfect family, adorable son and an amazing husband I can call my own. What more can a person ask for? Jacob's shift ended rather quickly and we quickly grabbed a bite at the local restaurant and went to Laura and Jason's to pick Adam up… Today was Cathy's graduation day. Cathy was now physically seventeen. I still couldn't fathom how fast she's grown; she wasn't the eleven year old girl who came to live with us anymore. She was a grown woman now. Rosalie and Emmett weren't too happy about seeing their children growing up too fast, Carmen here wasn't the bubbly seven year old anymore, she was a now physically 15-16 year old teenager and almost full grown. It wasn't long until she left the nest too. My entire family and all drove to Forks high and we all took our seats as we watched all the teenagers getting ready for the big moment. Emmett and Rosalie were sat upfront whilst the rest of the family were sitting behind. Seth arrived not long after and sat with Rosalie and Emmett. Everyone knew Jacob and I were married and that Bella and Edward were girlfriend and boyfriend. I was Edward and Alice's cousin, Carmen and Cathy were Rosalie's sisters whilst Jason was Bella and Emmett's brother. That was the initial plan ever since day one. Life has really been repeating itself as my mother and father would say, now that Laura and I aren't in school anymore, it does feel like an atoll moment being in Forks High again. It has only been two years since we graduated but lots of memories flooded through me. The ceremony began and the school's principal greeted all the respected families and began the ritual. The school's valedictorian started off first and then everyone was handed their diplomas'. "Catherine Anna Cullen, in English literature and creative arts!" the school's principal said handing her diploma. My family and I all cheered as we watched our wonderful long creamy blonde haired Cathy accept her award. She smiled back at us. The ceremony ended and the principal handed all the students to their respected families. When we saw Cathy approaching us, she immediately ran to none other than her boyfriend Seth as he pulled her into a hug and a kiss. Rosalie, Carmen and Emmett went up to her as they congratulated their daughter. "Remember those good ole days" my best friend Laura said wrapping her arm around mine. I smiled and nodded. "Just like it was yesterday" I answered with a happy smile. Cathy and Cary came running to us. "Hey, glad you made it!" She exclaimed as she pulled me into a hug. "Of course I would, I wouldn't miss it for the world" I smiled convincingly. She grinned back. "So I guess, there's no more school for you" I laughed nudging her. "Oh yes! That's the best part" She giggled. "Alice has thrown a party tonight" She sighed. "Isn't that a good thing?" I asked. "Yeah, but she says it's going to be small and we all know that means it'll be over the top!" She said. We all chuckled and then immediately, everything went lights out in the gym... A/N: Well there you go, first chapter of 'Blissful Nights'. I've been waiting to post this for like forever! And now I have. I know it's a little too early and I know I'm a spoiler pooper but I just couldn't wait any longer. I'll be leaving it at this chapter until I'm done with Midnight moon and New Dawn. I don't want to confuse all of you. Another note! I probably won't be on Fanfiction for the next month due to personal reasons so please don't be surprised if I'm not updating this month. I might get bored and update surprisingly so please look out. Tell me what you thought of it…