heard no more gunfire. "She is here." Edward turned and saw a half dozen dead vampires, their bodies riddled with bullet holes. Among them stood Aro, and he held Bella by the throat, his long, yellow nails already drawing blood from her neck. Bella plowed an elbow into Aro's stomach, but the old vampire didn't budge. "Careful now, young lady," he said, smiling and looking into Edward's eyes the entire time. "You're too precious to harm. Not yet, anyway." Aro had always been the strongest vampire, the only one Edward had never defeated, apparently, though he thought he had until he'd seen him last night. "You're all alone now," Edward said. "Let her go, and I will let you live." Aro had Bella pinned to him, her back to his face, his left arm wrapped tightly around her torso to hold her arms down, his right arm on her neck, his claws digging into her skin. Blood ran freely from her wound, and Edward knew that she would need human blood to heal if this went on much longer. Aro dug his nails in further, and Bella lost consciousness. "OK, stop," Edward said. "I'll give you what you want." "Ahhhh," Aro said, "but you do not have what I want, Mr. Cullen." "And what is it you want?" Aro smiled and looked into the sky with wide eyes. "Everything," he said. "I'll give you myself, then. Just please, let her go," Edward said. "You must have wanted revenge all these years. It was me who destroyed what you had. I'm responsible, no one else. Not Bella, and not any of the humans still left on this planet." Aro paused, as if he was considering Edward's offer. "Bwahahaha!" he bellowed. He shed a tear as he bent over in laughter, still clutching Bella's limp body. "That was perfect! Just perfect." "Here," Edward said. He smiled gently and put his hands out as an act of contrition. He bent at the waist and he placed one of his knives onto the ground. He looked up and when he saw Aro blink he looked into Bella's lifeless eyes. Silently, he told her he was sorry for what he was about to do. He roared as he flung his remaining knife through the air. It whistled as it spun. It struck Bella in the soft flesh just below her sternum, off to one side. The stainless steel sliced its way through her skin and kept going, missing her vital organs. It exited through the fibrous muscle of her back and already Bella was beginning to collapse. The military grade knife punctured Aro's red overcoat. It sliced into the thin layer of the skin covering his breastbone, shattered his ribs, and tore through his heart muscle as if it were not there. The knife continued onward, undeterred, the force behind it was so strong. It sliced cleanly through arteries and muscle and slowed only when it struck and shattered the hard bone of Aro's spine. Still it continued on, severing nerves and bone, before exiting, cutting through the overcoat once again and embedding itself six inches into an oak tree. Aro collapsed. Bella collapsed. Edward ran to her, tore his shirt from his body, and pressed it to her wound. The tight leather was already doing a good job holding her skin together. Edward reached for Aro's limp body with his other hand, retrieved his knife from the tree, and removed the man's head. Bella opened her eyes, blood bubbling from the corner of her mouth. "You're something else," she said before passing out again. Edward picked her up, careful not to make her wounds worse, and retrieved the chilled blood from his backpack. He kissed her gently. "So are you," he said, feeding her. When she was done, he took off running, her semi-conscious body slung over his shoulder. ### Bella was fully awake before they arrived at the railyard. "You can put me down now," she said. He did. She stood on shaky legs, still a mile from home. He put an arm around her waist and led her along, slowly. "I'm going to be fine, you know," she said. "I know." "Which means you can let me go now." "Never again." She smiled and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him. When they arrived at the railyard, the gate swung open for the first time in years. Jasper, Alice, Rose and Emmett came running. "Get her some blood," Edward said, handing her off to Alice. He turned to go. Jasper put a hand on his shoulder. "Going somewhere?" "Not far, and not for long," Edward said. "I have something to take care of." He made it to the spot quickly, and he found Aro's corpse right where he left it. He waved away a swarm of flies and picked up the head in one hand, the body in another. He slung Aro's corpse over his shoulder, and headed back to the railyard. Across the way from the gate, he found the right tree. He removed his backpack, found a length of rope, and strung it over a good, strong branch. That would hold Aro's corpse. When he was through stringing it up, he pulled two pieces of paper from the pack. The one in the yellowing Ziploc, he put aside. On the other, he wrote a note and pinned it to Aro's red overcoat. Consider this a warning There will not be another - The Lion He sat down on a nearby rock and picked up the paper in the plastic bag, a photograph he had been carrying with him for ten years, one he had looked at in this very manner every day since the rebellion that had freed her, and led her away from him for so long. He stared at her face as if he'd never seen it before, as if he hadn't seen it just a half hour ago. And this time, he shed tears of relief. ###