and ducked my head. I was always embarrassed when the couple felt the need to do this. I glanced at Tianna who was studying the bubbles in her glass of wine. "To Bella and Tianna." A chorus of 'Bella and Tianna" echoed around the small group causing me to blush even more. I smiled and nodded my appreciation towards the happy couple before taking a small sip of my champagne. I was never really a drinker, plus I had a flight to catch. I looked down at my watch waiting, it was nine o'clock, early for a wedding but I was anxious to get back to New York. Not that I wasn't appreciative of where I was and that I was at a wedding. It had been beautiful. I had missed the underwater part but the reception had been just as amazing. After we had stepped back onto solid ground. Tiffany, Janelle and Valerie had all been ushered into rooms at the hotel and restored to their exquisite selves. Every hair had been put back in place. Tiffany had received her second wedding dress. This dress was perfect for her. It was a Grecian styled Slim line gown with a one-shoulder neckline and corset closure. She looked even more beautiful then she did this morning. "Bella?" Tianna's gentle push brought me out of my daydreaming. "We should be going or we're going to miss our flight." Was it time to leave already? I nodded my head eagerly, causing her to roll her eyes. "Let's go." I smiled. "Should we say goodbye?" Tianna said gesturing toward the happy couple who were currently posing for some rather interesting photos. I giggled gently just as Tiffany looked directly at me. I nodded and smiled softly towards her. She got the message. Instead of running over to say bye, she smiled back, the appreciation evident in her face. She blew us both a kiss as we turned away for the party. Tianna and I climbed into our rental and drove toward the airport. We hauled our bags through the airport and up to the check desk. From years of experience I learned to travel light whenever I was going away for business. Tianna however hadn't travelled light. I forgot that she was still learning. The women behind the desk was tapping away at her computer. At our approach she looked up. "Welcome. Check in?" "Yes." I said to the women behind the desk before replying to Tianna. "Ah yes. You two are the last to board the flight." I was having two conversations at the same time. "You're very late. The plane starts boarding in two minutes." I turned to Tianna. "One sec. Erm Thank you..." I scanned the women's name badge. "Mary." I handed her our passports and tickets before checking in our bags and practically running to destination. We got through airport security very quickly and before I knew it we were both seated in the over sized, red seats of first class. "Do you always leave without saying goodbye?" Tianna asked. "It depends, I guess." Was my reply. What kind of answer was that? "Depends on what?" "The planner, the wedding, the bride. There are is a lot of things. If you have a bride who is really emotional then she'll want to hug you and thank you personally. Whereas other brides won't say goodbye but will probably send flower or something. Others don't care what you've done for them so they don't bother." "What was Tiffany?" I smiled at Tianna before answering. "Expect flowers in a few days." I said before snuggling down into my seat and closing my eyes. XOXOXOXOXO "Come on bag. Hurry up." Just my luck that my bag would be last to come off the plane. Tianna had been on the first round of bags. Six more and mine still hadn't made an appearance. "Patients is a virtue Bella." Tianna said in a smug voice. I glared at her, that was something I say to my colleagues when they became inpatient and I remained calm. However, now I was being a bit of a hypocrite. I hadn't stopped bouncing on my feet as my eyes swept over the conveyor belt. "Not right now, it isn't" I said in a menacing voice causing her to roll her eyes. I went back to chewing my nails. Finally, I saw the familiar red ribbon of my bag. I ran forward and snatched it off the moving thing before practically running towards the exit. As soon as the automatic door opened, my eyes began searching until they found the one thing they needed to see the most. There he was. Leaning against that bloody Volvo. Edward. As soon as I spotted him my smile grew large and my heart rate increased. "I'll see you tomorrow, Bells." Tianna said from somewhere but I had barely heard her. My attention was focused on the god standing a few metres from me. Without thinking I ran towards him, dropping my bag and launching myself into his arms, settling my face in his neck. His arms were around me, holding me tightly against him. "Bella." He whispered so softly in my ear. I tightened my grip. "I missed you." I whispered before pulling back and kissing him directly on his mouth. A week was far too long. "I missed you too." He replied when I finally allowed him to breathe again. My breathing was hard but I couldn't care less. Edward let go of me except for my hand. The other he used to pick up the bag I had dropped in my hurry to be in his arms. "Let's go home." I smiled up at him. Home indeed. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters/ locations etc from the series. Please review! All reviews help to encourage me to write more. A massive thank you to TheHangingBracelet , who helped edit this chapter. xxx Red as a Rose xxx