Jacob had barely lowered himself down on her other side when the lights dimmed, casting the theater in darkness as the movie began. The colors lost some of their luster without light shining down, but apart from that—it could have been pitch black and he wouldn't have noticed a difference. Edward could see just as clearly as before. He gripped the armrest, staring up at the screen. It was maybe ten minutes in when one of the couples in the back row decided to take it a step further. Trying and failing to keep her laughter down, the woman was struggling to pull off her boyfriend's pants. Edward felt the rough denim against his own hands, heard the muffled voices as if they were right in his ear. He tried to concentrate as hard as he could on the movie, but—his mind could focus on too many things at once, and it didn't help at all. Their arousal was washing over him and he was them, it was he who was inside that woman, he who was kissing her boyfriend's neck, all tangled together in a mess of hot want that he shouldn't be a part of . It was disgusting, they deserved privacy —well, all right, as much privacy as could be expected in a public place. But what he did—invading people's minds—it wasn't right. Edward shut his eyes as if that would block out the images, trying without success to empty his mind. Jacob reached behind Bella to prod his shoulder with a hand sticky from popcorn. "What, Cullen, not enjoying the movie?" he whispered, his hot breath washing over Edward. The distraction was actually welcome. "It's great," he said quietly, leaning back and staring up at the screen. It was almost impossible to see the picture through its pixilation. There were too many confusing elements, lights and shapes and colors that made up the whole. The air began to feel heavy in his lungs, the darkness of the theater weighing him down. He took a breath that felt empty, somehow, like he'd inhaled no oxygen at all. Like he—needed it. Edward froze. Jacob looked at him oddly. "Dude, what the hell is wrong with you?" he asked with a snort. Stupid bloodsucking freak. Bella was immersed in the movie, her lips moving along with the actor's words. "Sorry," Edward muttered instinctively, dazed and confused. He didn't need to breathe, he reminded himself. Didn't need the oxygen, either. It was just that it was much too hot in the crowded room, the mingling smells confusing his senses, the sound of someone blinking like crashing thunder to his ears. Too many people in too small a space. Edward glanced down to see that his hand was shaking against the armrest, and realized with a shock that he was dangerously close to the edge. He excused himself and was out of the theater before Bella could do more than blink in surprise. There were people milling around in the hallway—a movie had just ended, and half of them seemed to want to hang around and chat about what they'd seen. When several girls turned in Edward's direction, faces hazy with lust, he ducked into the closest bathroom. Their thoughts were just as clear from there, but a layer of plaster between them gave him at least the illusion of peace. Edward looked around at the room—wet tiled floor, wall-to-wall mirror, marbled counter with three sinks and an overflowing trashcan in the corner. A few crumpled paper towels had missed their mark and were scattered on the ground, so soaked through with water that they'd gone almost transparent. The door opened and let in a rush of warmth and the scent of blood. A man entered, heading straight for the urinal, so Edward went to the sink and pretended to wash his hands. Beneath the fingerprints covering the mirror, he could see his own reflection. His skin was so white it looked blue underneath the florescent lighting, and it darkened the shadows around his eyes, and he looked—wrong. Like a monster. A freak. Edward turned up the water until it was so hot it burned him, thinking that maybe the temperatures would balance each other out. His skin was always so disgustingly cold, and he knew Bella preferred the warmth. And this was what she wanted, what she was willing to give up her life for. This thing . Edward hadn't realized he was still holding the handle until it crumpled in his hand like tinfoil. He released it and stepped backward, staring, then turned around and left before he could do anything else. In the doorway to the bathroom he bumped into Jacob, who thought through several sarcastic remarks while blocking Edward's way. Finally, he decided on, "What, had to pee? Or were you planning on sucking someone's blood like the freak you are?" Edward bit his lip. "I just wanted some fresh air." "I'd say the same, but you'd left the theater," Jacob responded quickly. "And now you're stinking up the air out here, leech." Edward paused, momentarily distracted as a man walked by with his iPod turned up all the way. The sound of his music was nearly deafening, and it continued long after he'd passed out of sight. The lights buzzed overhead. There was a fly circling the other end of the hallway, and he could feel its wingbeats in the air. For a moment, he forgot where he was. "I was just leaving," Edward said, edging around Jacob's bulk. He left Jacob staring, stewing about something —Edward didn't know, it was all too loud to pick out a specific person's thoughts. And he'd tried to be polite enough, anyway. What did Jacob want from him? Edward stopped at the doors of the theater to take one last breath of clean air, and then he stepped inside to where everything was darkness and fire and thirst. Until next time, lovely readers. Reviews are hugely appreciated as always.