into the house behind her. "So who did you meet today?" She sounded like the perfect mother, like my mum. "Jake, Quil, Jared and Kim" I ticked their names off my fingers as I went "oh yeah and some pompous Barbie called Sarah I think?" "I know Sarah" replied Emily coolly. "Used to give Kim some trouble, keep an eye on her for me?" "I will don't worry" "Are the only members of the gang you met today?" Emily changed the subject back. "I think so… Oh wait nope I met Paul too" the tone of my voice must have noticeably dropped because Emily laughed. "Oh no. What did he do this time?" "just some cheesy chat up line that I swiftly put down, he had hard time dealing with it" "sounds like Paul alright, though Sam is going to kill him when he finds out he tried to chat you up" She chucked to herself "honestly that boy thinks he is god's gift to women, just you wait till he finds the one, he'll be sorry then." She paused and turned around to continue cooking. Just when I was about to sneak off upstairs she turned around again "Before I forget the boys are coming over for dinner this evening, I'll make your excuses about packing and bring you up dinner if you want?" "That would be great if you could. I have so much to actually unpack" I smiled at her great fully and left climbing the stairs. There were piles of precariously balanced boxes in my room and I just grabbed the one on the top closest to me. It was labelled clothes and turned out to full of underwear. The underwear itself was of varying degrees of sexiness from Bridget Jones to pants with holes to lacy thongs. I just dumped the whole lot in the chest of draws, bras one side pants in the other. The next box was labelled crap and it was full of things like pictures, some of me and my mum, others of friends from back home. At the very bottom of the box I found my iPod dock and plugged it in on the bedside table for easy access. Putting on JET I found myself dancing around singing as I was unpacking. Music made the whole experience much easier, I was at least half way through when there was a knock on my door and Emily came in bearing dinner. "I didn't really know what you liked so I hope this is OK" She said as I turned the music down. "Honestly anything is lovely, I used to just live off pasta so any meal I didn't cook is amazing" "Well its homemade potato wedges, peas and sausages." "Smells delicious thank you" and Emily departed. I restarted the music and sat down to scoff my face at the desk that the room had. Once I had eaten my fill it was time to start tidying again, near the end I found my box of piercings, it felt weird not to wear them so put them in right away. I had; double lobe, double cartilage in my left ear, scaffolding and a tragus piercing in my right ear, my nose and belly done. It felt right to have them all back in again. Once everything was put away it didn't seem so bad, familiar pictures on the walls, my three beautiful guitars by the desk, pj's on. I could actually get used to this. I turned the music off and went over to the desk where I could sit on the chair and pick up my favourite guitar. She was a semi-acoustic Ashton and blonde just like me. I started strumming a familiar chord patter without really paying attention, it was the song for any guitarist looking for something familiar, Wonderwall by Oasis. After a while I began to sing, it helps me keep in rhythm. I was singing quietly to myself when I heard a loud ruckus that broke me out of my trance. It was Sam shouting, "YOU CALLED MY SISTER A BITCH?" Uh oh. Looks like Paul was late to the party, "SHE CALLED ME AN ARROGANT FUCK FIRST" Paul shouted back. I sauntered down the stairs laughing and lent against the wall joining them to the living room. "Actually I called you an arrogant fucktard" Quil burst into hysterical laughter "that nickname is so going to stick" "I don't care what she called you" Sam growled "You show her respect! Besides she wouldn't have had to call you that if you hadn't tried to hump her leg like a stray dog" The rest of the boys started whooping in the background cheering on either Paul or Sam. It was clear to see that the fight had gotten friendly so I made my way to the kitchen to see Emily washing up. "Can I help with anything?" I asked feeling a little bad that everyone had just left her to do all the washing up. She passed me a tea towel with a smile. "You seem to have caused quite the commotion already" "I'm sorry!" I immediately began to apologies but she just waved me down and laughed. "It's nice to have another women around, and especially one who can stand up for herself and between you and me" she whispered "Paul is an arrogant fucktard" I beamed at her and she smiled back. Emily really was beautiful, even with her scars. "You know I really have no idea where all this stuff goes" the pile of dry dishes was accumulating. "Its OK you'll learn… Jazz?" she turned and looked at me straight in the eye. "I know you didn't want to be here, but you are a part of this family, I hope it turns out to be OK" This totally threw me so I gave her a soft smile and walked away back upstairs. Hope its OK for you guys! Review, let me know - RH