he being shy about this? Oh I really am starting to like this guy more and more! He's so easy going! "I understand what you mean. My mom cooks everyday and it's a real feast but I have no time to help her out or get lessons from her. So this is the perfect oppurtunity, plus I can finally boast about making it myself." I winked at him scraping the pot out with my fingers. "Now I have a question for you." "Shoot". I told him while licking my fingers off. "How come a fun girl like you didn't have a partner and gets avoided by everyone here?" He looked at me seriously. "You noticed huh?" I sighed. During the entire period, if I had to get something out of the pantry and someone was there they would quickly scurry away. And if I passed some tabled I would get judgemental glances. "I guess it's hard not to notice. It's nothing really. Let's just say I'm not really that popular around here. I don't mind really." I lied giving him a tentative smile. It did hurt me but I just got used to it. Especially after last year. "Well I like you. You're funny and you don't mind getting dirty." He grinned a cheeky smile pointing at my apron. We both burst out laughing again and cleaned up afterwards. I've never had so much fun in school before. I liked these new kids so far. Maybe school wouldn't be so bad this year. I hummed while taking my backpack, Emmet waving me goodbye as we left the classroom. "Hidiehoo! Time for lunch Alexei!" I linked arms with him and gave him a goofy grin as he rolled his eyes at the Russian nickname. "So what will it be today hercegnó?" He asked as we entered the line of the cafetaria. "Stop calling me princess Alex! It's bad enough the others do." I frowned at him. He knew I hated it. He sighed and wrapped his arm around my shoulder, the tray in his other. "I'm sorry. I know you're having a hard time but things will get better once you get into the ritme of things. The business ain't that bad you know?" He tried to comfort me. I sighed and grabbed a lasagna and a soda and put it on the tray. "I guess." I shrugged. Alex grabbed some pizza and a soda and payed for all of it. I knew my father gave him money to 'take care of me', it has been like this for as long as I can remember. I took our usual place at the back of the lunchroom and sipped my soda. "So I see you've been buddy buddy with some of the new kids. You seem a lot more happy. Seen you laughing a lot." Alex looked at me curiously. "Oh my god, don't tell me you've been spying on me during class?! You promised me not to do that now that you're not in my classes." I exclaimed while angrily stabbing my lasagna. "Calm down I just looked really quick cause I had a free period. I just never see you laugh like that at school, hell I don't see you laughing like that anymore for half a year now. Oh don't look at me like that. I can see that you're struggling with your situation more then you used to do. I'm just dissapointed it's not with me. I just want to have to old you back I guess." He knew good enough why I was like this. It was all my dad's fault. Well actually both my parents'. I just hoped my little sister would be kept out of this. "you know it will never be the same Alex. And can we not talk about this at school? I don't want any more rumors, there are already enough on their own." He nodded his head and he focused on his food. Feeling my appetite deminish but tried to shake it off. I looked around while eating my food. I could see Renesmee, Edward and Emmet sitting not that far away from us. It seemed they were trying to avoid the rest of the students as well. Renesmee was talking animatidly with a girl with dark brown long hair, fair skin and the same caramel eyes as Edward. Edward was listening as well, his head on his fist leaning on the table they were sharing glances at each other and then glancing my way briefly. Emmet was playing with the locks of a girl with gorgeous blond locks, fair skin and pink lips. She looked gorgeous and I suddenly felt very consious of myself. Opposite Emmet was a blonde guy with pale skin that was listening to Emmet along with a girl with dark, spiky hair and they were also glancing my way from time to time. Can you say gene pool? My god, looking at them made you question God's creation of mankind. These people looked like they got all the good stuff. God was sooooo unfair! I didn't have anything to complain about, I wasn't super skinny but I wasn't fat. I was just the average girl with some fat here and there but it was ok thanks to all the sports I did. I didn't have any guys chasing after me, but that could possible be cause Alex kept shooting guys nasty looks when they tried to talk to me when I was younger. That was before all this mess, now guys stayed clear of me all together. It was dissapointing, cause, hello I am still a sixteen year old teenager dying to get her first boyfriend! But I knew I didn't have any time or room for a boyfriend. I even think my father would explode if I ever uttered the word boyfriend. I sighed heavily and pushed away my half eaten lasagna. "What's wrong?" Alex asked through his full mouth. "Nothing. Just nervous I guess."