her dripping pussy. Throwing his arms wide, he chuckled. "I'm all yours, little one." He groaned when she pushed her fingers through his hair and jerked his face into her wet folds. With the first swipe of his tongue against her, she used him, fucking his face hard and using her free hand to pinch her nipple at the same time. Bella came twice, arching against him greedily before she released his hair, tugging at the strands once gently before she did. Grinning like the Cheshire Cat, Edward smoothed his hands across her ribs to cup her breasts. "Best fucking meal I've had in . . . forever." He licked at the glistening moisture spread across his chin. "Now for dessert." The hours sped by as Edward used his fingers and mouth to claim Isabella in every manner, using her mouth and lips to please him, teaching her to bite and lick and suck just the way he liked, but it was only when she pled for him to take her that he thrust, one hard stroke, into her. Crying in pain, Isabella missed the stunned expression on Edward's face. She'd arched away from his rigid fullness, and, with a growl of possession, he yanked her back to him. Rolling his hips as he thrust deeply into her, Edward used every trick. His rhythm precise and absolute, he hit her sweet spot each time. Exhaustion, pain, and pleasure mixed in the most erotic of blends, binding to Isabella's cells and spirit. "Bite me, Isabella," he ordered, bearing his neck to her. Thirst for blood . . . his blood . . . blinded her with want, but she fought against it. Unwilling to bite another human, she twisted her head away from his shoulder. "Now!" he roared, punishing her with his speed and thrust. Cock thickening, lengthening, Edward felt the urge to cum deeply, to join with her. Tingles raced across Bella's skin and her teeth ached to do exactly as he demanded. Pain filled her; the denial she was inflicting causing her throat to burn. Edward's relentless pace drove her to the edge, and just as she stepped over, instinct won and she sunk her teeth into him. Moaning as the hardest orgasm she'd ever experience exploded exponentially with the taste of his blood, she barely registered the slice of her skin as he reciprocated. Sucking down her essence like a starving man, Edward filled her with his cum. ~Duplicity~ It took Bella almost an hour before she felt she could move. She'd never experienced such complete satisfaction and weariness and fingered the soreness of her neck where Edward had bit her. Sprawled across his chest, she pushed up and caught the glimmer of his crimson eyes as he silently watched her, waiting. Unable to meet his gaze, Bella sat up, pulling the sheet around her. Edward remained relaxed even as she exposed his naked form. "I need to go," she said, moving to leave the bed. She was instantly flattened against it; Edward's snarling face hovered over hers. "We are mated now. There is no leaving." "Mated?" she said, her voice squeaking. "We've marked each other, exchanged our blood. There will never be a "me" or "you" again. Only an "us." To be apart will be the worst form of torture, our bodies craving this joining until we would go crazy. It is how Carlisle and Esme formed their bond. Your Jasper and Alice – Rosalie and Emmett." Eyes wide in anger, she snarled at him. "You bit me knowing this?" He smirked, the left side of his mouth rising just slightly higher than the other. "Yes." He shifted against her, his erection heavy again. "I told you that nothing would stand in my way, Isabella." Edward flew across the room, slamming into one of the rock walls and bringing chunks of stone down onto him. Isabella was gone before he could even crawl out of the refuse. ~Duplicity~ A single envelope propped against the mantle was what Edward found in the mansion Carlisle had purchased the family. It looked like they'd fled immediately, leaving behind everything. Heavily secluded on thirty acres in the town of Wilmette, the house backed up to Lake Michigan. It even had a covered portico to protect a visiting vampire from being exposed to the sun as she or he exited from their car. The sun streaming through the inside windows and onto Edward made his rage boil hotter. Tearing open the envelope, he let it drift to the floor as he unfolded the single sheet of paper inside. Silence reigned as he read the few words, then laughter, pure and simple, burst from his chest. He had to sit down to keep from falling, which was a novel experience in the years he'd lived as an immortal. It took some time to bring his reaction under control, even having to go so far as to swipe venom out from under his eyes. Certain he'd imagined Isabella's words, Edward flattened the note against his leg and read again. Edward, The day Carlisle saved my life, Alice had a vision. It was of me and you. I've known from the day I woke into our world that you were my destined mate. Carlisle discerned approaching you with this knowledge would most likely end in pain for us all, so Alice and I devised a plan. Now, it is up to you to determine how our forever looks. You know my desires and where I'll be waiting. Forever, Bella ~Duplicity~ Evergreen trees, the sounds of the Calawah River, and the smell of the Pacific Northwest surrounded him as the door opened to the white house nestled in the woods. Defiant, because of all that had been required of him to hand over control of his empire to Jane and Alec, Edward attempted to remain stoic, but failed when his sire grabbed him into his arms. At least Carlisle didn't smile in victory. "Welcome home, son."