"She only did this to hurt me. If we weren't dating this never would have happened to you." "Okay that's it. Let's go back home. This is why I didn't want to tell you. I don't want to hurt you." "It's going to hurt me. I hate hearing about what they did to you, but you shouldn't have to carry this burden alone. Let me help you." I nodded. He sent me a wave of calm. I smiled slightly. I needed it for what I was going to say. "I don't have to tell you all of this. I can skim over stuff." I offered. "You've never really told anyone what happened to you at that place. I'll listen Darlin." I nodded. "I wasn't allowed to wallow long. He grabbed me from the ground and kissed me. I tried to fight him off, and he told me not to. He said I wanted him. I told him he was lying and kept fighting. He dug his nails into my arm and drew blood. He wouldn't top touching me. I couldn't stop him." I said looking down. "Then I heard your voice. You told me to keep fighting, so I did." He seemed shocked to say the least. "But when he held my wrists above my head I couldn't fight anymore. That night I was gang raped on the floor in plain sight by ten vampires." I withdrew my hand. I didn't deserve to be comforted. I wrapped my arms around my knees and tucked my chin over the top. I heard a growl from Jasper, and I looked up to see his pissed and horrified expression. "Bella-" he started. "Don't you dare try to blame yourself for this. It's not your fault." I insisted. He didn't say anything as sadness and pain filled his eyes. I looked down once more. I was shocked when he wrapped me in a hug. "You're the strongest person I know." He stated. He gave me a minute to recover before I continued. "He told me I had to call you and make you stay far way. I couldn't destroy you the way they said so he had a few of the girls brought up. I called you and you said you were going to come see me. The second I hung up I was slammed into the wall. Mr. Escott made sure I knew that meant I only had a day or two left to live. Then they showed me how they could all shape shift making them undetectable. Then he told me I hadn't been a very good slave." I shuddered. Jasper squeezed my hand in comfort. "He grabbed Becca and Ashley who were only 10 at the time and asked me which one would die due to my insolence." I closed my eyes for a minute before opening them again. "I couldn't do it. Instead I had a plan that ended up leaving me with no self-esteem, but at least they would still be alive." He stiffened. "It was exactly like the first time Edward raped me. I was, am, worthless." Jasper's eyes locked with mine. "You are not worthless. You never were." He said steadfastly. I didn't reply. "I took a shower before I returned to where we all slept. Alice helped take care of my injuries. All the girls there were shocked by what I'd done. Apparently no one had ever done that before." "I wonder why." Jasper muttered darkly. "I got them to promise me to tell you it was an animal attack when you came to check the place out. I didn't want them to kill you." Jasper shook his head in disbelief. "You should have been trying to get us to come help you. We could have gotten you out." "There were at least 20 of them Jasper." He gaped. "When I awoke the next morning they were branding my shoulder." "What?" Jasper roared. I winced at the volume. I was very self conscious so even during our make out sessions he hadn't seen me without a shirt on. He hadn't seen the majority of my scars. "It says property of Mr. E. All the girls have one." "Can I see it?" He asked. I hesitated a second before nodding. I slipped my shirt down my arm so my right shoulder was visible. I turned so my back was to him. He hissed. I stiffened as he traced it. Then he did the one thing I didn't expect he kissed it. "I'm so sorry Bella." He seemed so tortured. "It's not your fault. Don't beat yourself up over it. That's the last of what I had to tell you. Nothing else happened." "You're so strong." He pulled me into another hug. "No you are for being able to listen to all this and help me handle it. I love you Jazz." "I love you too Darlin." He replied giving me a chaste kiss on the lips. I wasn't having that I needed more. We quickly worked together to deepen the kiss. Both of us were eager for a reprieve from gruesome tales. Finally there weren't any memories left to go over. We could move on and make new, better memories, and I was thinking today would be a great start. What The Characters Think: Jasper: ever leave to protect me again Bella: I'll only do it if I have no other choice Jasper: Fine Alice: Bella we need to go over wedding plans Bella: Alice I don't want to! :( Jasper: Go on Darlin. I'll be here when you get out *kisses her* Bella: *kisses back* I guess so… Alice: Yay! Bella: You're as bad as Rose Esme: So you're okay Bella dear? Bella: I'm fine mom. Let's go get to work *grabs Esme's hand* Me: Jasper, you know the drill Jasper: If you want to know what happens when the Denali's arrive review 5 times or you'll never know *evil smirk* Me: That sounds about right