fingers traced from the hollow at the base of my throat to my sternum. As if on cue, my breathing became shallower. His fingers moved over to one of my breasts, tenderly touching the nipple as he watched it harden. Continuing his ministrations, he leaned in and sucked the other nipple into his mouth. The dual sensation of his cool fingers and his wet mouth drew a gasp from my lips. While his lips travelled up to my neck, his fingers moved further down, landing at the top of my underwear. He paused briefly to ask permission before sliding them down, easily maneuvering around my cast. I didn't even have time to feel self-conscious about being completely naked, because in the next moment his fingers gently touched my heated flesh. He teased me there for a while, getting me even more worked up until I was a panting mess at his mercy. When his tongue joined his fingers I couldn't contain my moan. The pleasure kept on building, and just when I couldn't take it any longer I felt his teeth slice through the skin on the inside of my thigh. My head snapped up and I locked eyes with him, seeing him take from me what he needed as he gave me what I craved. That was the final push that made me tumble over the edge. Edward held me in his arms as I came down from my high. "Wow," I panted. "That was intense. And unexpected." "Are you sure it was okay?" he asked. "I didn't plan to do it, I swear." "I believe you," I assured him. "And it's… I don't know… kind of erotic." His eyes lit up in a mix of excitement and relief. "Really?" "Yes," I giggled. "But we'll have to be careful." "Of course. It was just so overwhelming and I couldn't resist the urge. You were glorious." "Well then," I replied, feeling bold. "Let's see how glorious you can be next." o.O.o Once my cast was taken off, Edward took me to La Bella Italia in Port Angeles to celebrate. Since Charlie was on a fishing trip with his friends Billy and Harry, I was allowed to spend the weekend at the Cullen house. I think at some point Charlie had started to suspect that mine and Edward's relationship was evolving, but thankfully he never brought it up. I had, however, mysteriously found a box of condoms on my desk one day. I wasn't going to ask any questions that would only lead to an embarrassing conversation, and simply stashed them in my overnight bag. When we arrived back to the house, we found it deserted with a note on the door. We decided to take a last minute trip to Denali. I had a feeling you might like some privacy. Have fun and please don't behave! I giggled at Alice's teasing hint. Making our way to the top floor and Edward's room, we discovered another surprise left by her: candles were lit on every surface in the room and soft music was playing from the sound system. Edward tugged my hand so I was facing him and gently cupped my face in his hands. Our kiss was sweet and full of sensual promise. We moved to the bed and spent the next few minutes ridding each other of clothing. Once he had sheathed himself in a condom, Edward looked at me intently. "I love you, Bella." "I love you too," I replied. "So much." After another tender kiss he positioned himself and slowly pushed inside. It was a little uncomfortable at first, my body not used to the intrusion, but once his hips were flush with mine and he paused for a moment, I could relax again and start to truly enjoy myself. We fit together perfectly and moved as though on instinct. Being with Edward this way felt as natural as breathing. I couldn't get close enough and was pleased when he held me tighter. When I felt the pleasure build, I offered him my finger, and e eagerly bit down on it, triggering both our releases as m blood spilled into his mouth. o.O.o Throughout the summer we explored the new aspects of our relationship. They say practice makes perfect, and when it came to our lovemaking, that certainly was true. While our first few times were sweet and tender, I could tell Edward had been holding back, afraid to hurt me. When we became more comfortable, he was able to let go some more. I encouraged him to embrace his more animalistic side and the sex grew only better as a result. He had also started drinking more of my blood. It started out as a drop every now and then, but over time I allowed him to drink a little more deeply. It strengthened our bond and added a level of intimacy I could never have imagined. He always made sure to bite where I could easily cover it up, and he never drew my blood when we would be near his family shortly after. I do think they had their suspicions, since he didn't go out to hunt with them as often as he used to, and his eyes had taken on a slight cognac hue as opposed to his usual amber. We thought we had it all under control, though. o.O.o My eighteenth birthday party was supposed to be uneventful. Slightly awkward, yes, as I hated to be the center of attention, especially for something as common as being born. But aside from that, it was supposed to be a quiet evening. However, when I opened my present from Alice and Edward, in a signature clumsy move, I cut my finger on the wrapping paper. There was only a little blood, but with the way Edward had been feeding off me lately, that one unexpected drop was enough. I looked up from my finger in the fevered red eyes of my suddenly ravenous boyfriend.