I have to be there for Seth. I have to, no matter what. What if it's really true? Melody was drunk, but why would she make up something like that? Halfway there, I run into a huge brick wall with the name of Jared. "What are you doing here, Artemis?" Jared says, blocking her path. "Don't call me that. I'm going to see Seth," I hurry. "No, you can't," Jared says, standing firm. "I have to! Is it true that Harry Clearwater died?" I tremble. "Yes and they are going through a family issue. He needs to be with his family and you aren't part of that," Jared says harshly. I know I shouldn't take anything seriously coming from him, but that really got to me. I always would think of Seth as my family, always. It was better to think that way instead of thinking of Melody as my only family. "I don't care. He needs me, I can feel it," I say, trying to push past him. He really feels like a brick wall. Tears are streaming down my face. I cannot believe Harry is really dead. "You can't feel it," Jared argues, but he is giving me a suspicious look. "I can. It…you wouldn't believe me, but I can feel it," I scream, pounding my fist on his chest. It hurts me more than him. "Try me, how can you feel it?" Jared asks. He is looking at me the same way Harry was looking at Seth at dinner the other day. Oh, poor Harry! Poor Seth! "Why? Just so you can laugh at me? I can feel it because there is like a pain in my gut. He just lost his father, of course he is in pain," I spit. "Go home, Artemis," Jared argues. "Don't call me that! Only Seth can!" I roar and punch him in the face. I scream in pain, pretty sure I just broke my wrist. "Great, now I have to take you to the hospital," Jared says. I am on my knees in pain and grief, but Jared just picks me up and walks to my house. "Hello, Ms. Moon. Your daughter seems to have hurt her wrist. Do you care if I take her to the hospital?" Jared asks Melody when she opens the door. "Sure, whatever. Go to the one in Forks, they normally let them stay over night," Melody gargles. "Can't I take her to the reservation hospital?" Jared whines. "No, they don't take my insurance! Now go away, kid," she screams, shutting the door. Jared sighs but takes me to the hospital. When we near it, I breathe, "How…can you carry me…that far? I weigh like a hundred ten pounds!" "Don't ask," Jared says. We wait in the E.R. until Dr. Cullen shows up. "Can't we have a different doctor?" Jared seethes under his breath so low that only I can hear. "Sorry, we are very busy. I promise, you can be with Drew all you want," Dr. Cullen says. How did he hear that? Jared shakily agrees. In the room, Dr. Cullen takes an X- ray of my hand. When he walks past me, I smell something that makes me crunch my nose in disgust. It's a sickly sweet smell and it's burning my nose. I'm not the only one who smells this; Jared is going so far as to barely breathing so as not to smell him. "How is it?" I ask, the pain slowly going away even though I didn't take any medicine. "Well…" Dr. Cullen begins and locks eyes with Jared. "Have you broken your wrist before and how long ago?" "Never," I respond. Why do weird things start happening everywhere I goes? "It looks like you broke your wrist punching this young man. Although, there is no need for a cast because of your fast metabolism has begun healing. I just need to pop it into place and you are free to go," he says as if this is obvious. "What? I'm no doctor, but brakes do not heal in an hour!" I say disheveled. "It does for your kind, since you are a shape-shift-" Dr. Cullen says, but stops when Jared jumps to his feet. "What you mean is she didn't actually break her wrist, right?" Jared interrupts frantically. "Can I have a word with you in the hallway?" Dr. Cullen asks. Jared follows him in the hallway. I somehow pick up a few words. "Not…shifter…girl…never," Jared says. "Yes… can smell it," Dr. Cullen says. I fall back on the bed, letting one tear slip in grief before falling asleep. I wake up hours later in my room with a note stuck to my window. It reads, it's not broken, don't try to go to Seth. The funeral is in three days. Your mother scares me…Jared. He meant the mother part in a funny way, but that doesn't cheer me up. The fact that they have a funeral planned proves it's true! I don't care what he says; I am seeing Seth. I am walking along a path but hear something nearby. Straying from the path, I find a sight that nearly knocks me off my feet. There, standing in the clearing are two huge wolves taller than horses! The larger one is all black and he growls at me, causing me to shriek. The other one is smaller but still towers over me. Frozen in fear, the smaller wolf walks closer to me and I am stuck helpless. He is going to eat me! When I am in reaching distance, the wolf sticks its head under my hands wanting me to pet it. When I feel the russet fur, I scream in horror and run home. I decide not to tell anybody of this. They wouldn't believe me, not even Seth. A/N: I had to rewrite it in first person. I hope you like this, I have a good time writing it! Review, tell me if I should continue!