under the impression that I don't know the selfish, greedy and conniving bastard you are, you'd be dumber than I originally thought! Now you have exactly thirty fucking seconds before I change my mind. Because all I want to do is say 'fuck it' and expose your insides to the light of day and leave you to rot outside my warehouse while I watch the pelicans tear you apart slowly, piece by mother fucking piece ," I hissed at him under my breath. His shaking started all over again as he began swearing that he wasn't trying to gain anything out of this. That his loyalty was as his father's, were with me and the Cullen's. His words meant shit because I knew what his dealings with Hunter and the rest of the underground world were and the back stabbing son of a bitch had no leg to stand on in front of me. I should just kill the idiot and be done with him... I thought. "Get the fuck out of my sight and you better not run your cock sucking mouth to anyone, keep my name and those of my family out of your mouth, you get me?" He quickly gets up on shaky legs and bolts, not wasting any more time in following my orders. He knows by now my fuse is short and seconds away from igniting. As I signal the drooling waitress to come and give me a refill to my colada (strong Cuban coffee) I notice my almond eyed beauty looking at me and blushing. She quickly turns away. I hate that, I never want her to turn away from me. But now it's too late I've seen that sexy as all hell blush and I groan at how mouthwatering she looks and how badly I want to just lick her. She notices I'm still staring and looks my way. The moment our eyes connect again the universe stops and it is only me and her in this room. My cock is in the fights of his life with my zipper. He wants to meet the love of his life that keeps calling to him from between those luscious thighs. I can't find it in me to argue because I truly do believe I just met my other half and I haven't even spoken to her. Shit how can this be? I feel like she belongs in my arms, in my bed, in my home- it's like she belongs with me, belongs too me! Her friends notice that we're having this stare off and nudge her to get her out of it. She's with a brunette with glasses and a pretty smile and a blond that looks like a walking carrot…complete opposites but in a weird way complement each other I hear the brunette with glasses tell my girl yes, I said 'my girl' because she will be mine . .."Bella snap the fuck out of it". Such a beautiful name for my goddess, I mused. It just rolls of my tongue- Bella, Bella, Bella. I keep repeating it over and over in my head as a mantra. My girl looks over to her friends after a moment; looking completely clueless about what the hell is going on. Her friends laugh and tell her something in her ear. They both tilt their heads my way which causes my girl to blush, again, and smile from ear to ear. In this entire exchange I haven't once looked away from her, not even when the drooling bimbo they have as a waitress comes and practically shoves her boobs in my face or when another girl leaves her number on my table. My attention is solely on this enticing creature before me. She has entranced me and I just can't look away. Too soon for my liking, they signal a waiter over. I could make out the word bill as it leaves her lips…I'm not the only one whose noticed. The incompetent and almost dead waiter leaves and comes back within seconds…he sets a billfold on the table and asks her, my girl, one last time if she needed anything. With a shake to her head and a barely contained smile, she gets up to leave and my mind screams, NOOOOOOOO… I can't let her leave without having a way to trace her later on. My mind starts going into over drive. I need a name and that I can get easily as I know the owner and he owes me a favor. My beauty paid with her card…it won't be hard at all to find her and make her mine… because now that I have found her, she won't be getting away again. I pick up my phone and prepare to let my tech guy what I need, when I see her walk my way and get lost in the swaying of her hips and shaking of her ass. She is the center of attention to every male within the restaurant. A growl starts deep within my chest, it comes out of nowhere and my glare is set on every mother fucker that's looking at what's mine. She finally makes it to my table and leans forward… I swallow hard while I get a peek at those delectable mounds that are being barely contained by a lace black bra. The sexy and delicate lace teases and makes me want to bury my face within them. I feel her breath on my cheek as she gently lays a small kiss to it and I shiver. Much too quickly for my liking she stands up and whispers in a breathy voice " I'll be waiting " then places a small piece of paper in my hands and walks away leaving me an utter mess till I look at the paper and see a business card with her full name and number ... O oh baby girl you just unleashed the beast and he will get what is his!