way?" "Do you know why I always went on about not getting married early? At the time, I thought that was the next big adventure and that's all that I wanted. All I needed was Charlie, and the world would be wonderful. "But that's not realistic. I don't know if it's even healthy. If you expect all of your happiness to come from one person or one thing, there's a good chance you'll be disappointed one day." "Mom, Edward and I –" "Love each other, yes I know. For now." The silence on the phone spoke to her gathering her thoughts. "You scared me, Bella, when Edward left you." She enunciated every syllable, more serious than I'd ever heard before. "Your father called me to come bring you home. And when I got there, it was like you weren't in your body anymore." I winced at the thought of who I was then. "For as long as I've known you, you've been a quiet, thoughtful girl with a spark of life that's never far from the surface. All of that was gone. You were a shell. Breathing, walking, sometimes talking. But not alive." I glanced at Edward. Based on the agonized expression on his face his sensitive hearing was picking up both sides of the conversation, and I realized I should have made this call in private to spare him the unpleasant reminders. Instead I motioned for him to come to me, wound my arm around his waist and stretched up to kiss his cheek, willing him to sense that he was forgiven. "I don't ever want to see that again. So I want you to make sure that he's not the only thing in your life that makes you happy." "He's not the only thing in my life, Mom," I argued. "Maybe not the only thing, but definitely the biggest thing. What I'm trying to get at is, I want you to make sure you know what you want out of life, and look at all the things that make you happy." "Um, where do you want me to look?" I wondered if this was coming from one of the self-improvement classes she sometimes took. "Where to look, where to look," she muttered to herself. "Well, the Cullens are quite well off, aren't they? So just being married and having babies is an option. Would that be enough for you?" "Eww! Mom, I'm only eighteen!" The thought horrified me. "Why would I want to have babies already?" "Good, because I'm way too young to be a grandma. So if settling down and having kids isn't enough, you should have some idea of what you want to do. I've told you how proud we are of you getting into Dartmouth, haven't I?" "Yeah, both you and Charlie have," I admitted. I wasn't able to generate much enthusiasm for that achievement, since I still wasn't sure I'd gotten in on my own merits. "This is an amazing opportunity. Have you declared a major?" I had no idea but threw something out there. "I'm undeclared right now, but I was thinking of majoring in English literature." "Are you thinking of being a teacher?" "Or maybe a writer." "Hmm, I suppose that could be okay, too. But you know it helps to have some broader life experiences to be a writer." That would be interesting. Writing about my life as the wife of a vampire and becoming one myself. The Volturi would be only too happy to set me straight if I exposed us. "It's just an idea right now, Mom. I was a little stressed out senior year to concentrate much on it," I muttered. Even after I had come out of my stupor, the death threat from Victoria and her army had kept me from thinking too far into the future. "That's true. Well, now that you have some time you should think about it. I'm okay with just about anything you decide to do, but you need to make sure it's something that fulfills you. Not just a career but other things. Think about it now so you're not in a constant mid-life crisis like me." "Okay, Mom, I'll try," I mumbled. Although I wondered if she would feel the same way if she knew exactly what I wanted to become after Edward and I were married. "You've been telling me to be more responsible since you were ten," she went on. Here's one thing that I know about, so I'm telling you . You've got to have something in mind beyond marriage." Then a long sigh hissed through the phone. "If I hadn't seen you and Edward together for myself, then I'd say you were out of your mind and should wait a few years." Fortunately, she seemed to have said her piece. "I always did say you were born middle-aged. But adults make mistakes too. Take some time to live a little. I just want to make sure you don't miss out on things that you'll regret later." I stifled a snort. "I don't think there's much chance of that, Mom. Edward is determined I don't miss out on life experiences." "Good! So have you set a date?" she asked. I breathed a mental sigh of relief that the lecture was over and hadn't been as bad as I'd feared. "Not yet. It depends on how fast Alice can pull a wedding together. Soo, you're okay with this?" "Yes. I'm still not happy that you're making me into a mother-in-law before I'm 40 but that's just me." The conversation moved on to bridesmaids, dresses and other wedding details so the storm was definitely over. As usual though, Renee was somehow able to put her finger on the truth. I hadn't thought of anything beyond getting married to Edward and becoming a vampire. I knew that would make me happy. Would it always be enough? To be continued... Like it so far? Please leave a review. I don't bite...