the most important question, but the rest felt too scary to lead with. "I don't know. I hear it's nice," Edward said with a shrug. "You've never been to Heaven? But you're an angel." Edward smiled. "My Heaven is the sea. I love it here. Maybe that is what it will be like for you. Your Heaven could be anything. It could be a beautiful deserted island..." He looked at Bella who was frowning. "Maybe not that." Bella looked around the ship that had become her home. She mourned the idea of leaving it, and Edward. "What if I don't go?" Bella asked, her voice barely a whisper. Edward looked away from her. "You have to go." Bella winced and Edward saw it from the corner of his eye. "I don't want you to go, Bella. But souls who try and stay, they rot. The memories fade and so does their humanity. Every part of you slowly drains away, and when you are truly mad, the demons come for you." "When will my light come for me?" Bella asked scared. "I don't know, but it's coming. I can feel it building. Like I could feel Jasper in the sea." "I'll never see you again." Bella swallowed and looked at Edward. He was so beautiful and now that she knew this part of him, she could understand why she was drawn to him. Edward shook his head, his face filled with pain. "I have met many people, Bella Swan, but you are by far the most beautiful soul I've ever met." "Edward, can you…?" The words died in her throat, how could she ask this handsome angel in front of her to make love to her? But before that thought could finish in her head, Edward's arms were lifting her up, his mouth pressing to hers. Bella didn't know if it was heavenly magic or just her head swimming, but suddenly she was set down on a bed. "You had a bed this whole time, and I had to sleep in a hammock?" Bella said, but she was unable to sound upset, because Edward was kissing her again. Warm desire ran through her and she whimpered as his body pressed against hers. Her hands slid up his muscled back. She could feel where his wings retracted to, small bumps that rested against his shoulder blades. Bella pulled at his shirt, tugging it and causing him to lift up so she could pull it off. He looked nervous but the desire in his eyes consumed her. Each touch, each kiss, was an exploration of her, and Bella was quickly lost in his discovery. After she was rid of her sundress, Edward's kisses roamed down her body. Quickly, his soft touches became filled with need, and Bella responded eagerly. Her body rolled in his touch like the ship on the sea. He explored every inch of her until she thought she could not take anymore, her head was light and her body heavy with lust. Bella wondered if she was in a dream, but the thought quickly left as she felt Edward pressing into her. Bella had never felt so complete. In this moment, she was able to forget that she was going to lose him. That heaven was coming for her. This was heaven. And it had claimed her. She would never know bliss better than this. It could have taken hours and it still would have ended too quickly. Their orgasms bittersweet, as they signalled the finish of the most beautiful moment of either of their existences. Bella lay draped over Edward, her heart still pounding even as her body relaxed. "I love you," Bella whispered, her body rebounding, only this time in panic instead of pleasure. "I love you too, Bella," Edward replied, a sadness in his voice. "It's coming now." "Already?" Bella asked, her voice scared. Edward stood up from the bed, helping Bella to her feet and she watched in awe as his wings spread out from his back again and a light shone down from the sky. He was wearing white pants, tied low on his waist with a string. Bella looked down to see her nakedness had been covered as well, she wore a plain white sundress that brushed her ankles. "I don't want to leave you," Bella whispered, her eyes full of tears. "An angel has a very long memory, Bella. I will never forget you. And I will never stop loving you." Bella threw herself into his arms, her hands on his chest. Edward held on and then Bella felt the warm feathers of his wings wrap around her as well. "It's time," Edward said, his voice full of pain. Bella nodded and took a step back before turning and rushing into the light, knowing if she didn't she wouldn't be able to go. The light was blinding but the moment she stepped into it, it was just warm. It was nothing and everything all at once. Peace fell over her but the pain of leaving Edward behind stayed in her heart. She expected a booming voice, God, judging her for her sins, instead what she found was her whole self filled with love and acceptance. Bella closed her eyes and she revelled in it. Behind her closed lids the light still burned and then suddenly it faded. When Bella opened her eyes the world was clearer, more in focus but her brain was foggy because standing there in front of her was Edward, sporting the biggest smile she'd ever seen. "Did I do something wrong?" Bella asked, wondering if she'd just been kicked out of Heaven. "No, Bella," Edward replied. "You are home." "I get to stay?" "You get to stay." Edward smiled, as he quickly embraced Bella. "I never knew my heaven was missing anything until I met you." Bella beamed back at him and she tilted up her head to kiss him, taking her time, knowing she had forever. The End.