her gray head. God she was aging. Actually she was aged and I knew she wasn't going to live long. I mean, she's my age now and in dog years she'd probably be like 112 years which is incredibly and humanly impossible to reach that age but I guess dogs have that privilege. "Want a treat?" I asked her. She just licked my cheek and barked lowly as if she understood me. I laughed then took out the biscuit I kept for her in my pocket. "Okay now go," I said to her. She began sauntering away but not without limping with her prosthetic and all. "You guys all had to change my diapers I still don't understand why I can't pee with the door open!" Kelvin said coming out of the bathroom. I laughed and ruffled his hair, then entered the bathroom and shut the door and took off the towel wrapped around me and got into the shower then got dressed for…ugh…school. Even though I was incredible in school, I mean I was an honors and so was my brother but I tried my best to hide my 'smarticle particles' away from the crowd. After saying goodbye to my family and drove to Harbin Hot Springs, my school for the next two years. Oh yippee! (Sarcasm!) "Mmm…freshmen, tons, and tons of fresh men. " I mumbled, emphasizing the word as I had my back against one of the lockers and curling the tips of my hair as every cute freshman walked by. I heard a laugh. "You mean fresh boys ." My best friend Kyra corrected me. "Rose, they're like 14." She laughed as she inserted her books into her locker. I shrugged. "Some are more mature than others." I replied. I could see at the corner of my eye her eye rolling. "You know. It's okay to be single. Focus on yourself for a little while. Work on becoming a better person." She replied as if she was giving a motivational speech. I just snickered, Oh Kyra. "Kyra." I said with another laugh and faced her. "I love you. So if we do that thing where we talk about me and pretend we're not actually talking about you …then it's totally fine," I smiled and she just chuckled. "It can't be that bad. Just consider it." She insisted. "I thought you knew me by now Kyra!" I uttered feeling completely offended. "I don't want a boyfriend." I said shaking my head. "You don't." I shook my head. "I want a distraction." I mumbled lowly as I waved to the cute freshmen boys who were staring at me. Kyra laughed. Kyra and I have been best friends ever since we were little kids. She moved into the neighborhood like almost a month I moved into Lake County and we met in school. We immediately hit it off and have been inseparable ever since. She was an extremely smart girl who got straight 'A's' in everything. She was currently in some chemistry club thingy. She was also beautiful so all rolled up in one. She had silky raven with a hint of brown hair that reached up to her shoulder and fell in curls. She had a soft native creamy skin to her because she was half Hawaiian and Irish, ancestry. She had beautiful light hazel eyes which seemed to glisten when in the light. She had this wide smile to her which would automatically send an aura causing you to release a smile as well. She was a happy-go-lucky person just like me. And I loved her for that even though we were total opposites of each other. Kyra and I were the epitome of soul sisters well I think that's what they called them. We did everything together, even though we seemed like complete opposites. For example, our dress choices, I was a late trend kind of girl whilst Kyra was more of a subtle vintage unique style. I was sequence, she was boots. We were so different yet so similar. I guess it's true what they say, opposites do attract… "A distraction?" she asked. I smiled at her. Then suddenly, I diverted my eyes from her to see two biker boots and dark denim jeans. Then I slowly moved my gaze up to their bodies to see them both wearing leather jackets on over their v-neck tank tops which showed of the outline of their masculine chests. I continued my gaze upwards to see two strikingly handsome dudes with beautiful gray eyes and cheekbones that were to die for and their dimples! Suddenly the song I heard this morning ringed into my ears, I like that! "Brothers?" asked Kyra. I just shook my head casually and released an interested grin. "Twins!" I replied as I watched them past by and giving me synchronized winks. Oh my god! They smelled so good! "I know what you're thinking and it's not happening." Kyra said to me, pointing her finger at me. "Stay away from them you hear me?" She said shutting her locker. Oh Kyra, you should know by now that I'd never stay away from a perfect opportunity… A/N: Sequel to 'The Story of Renesmee Masen' has finally arrived y'all! What did you think of the beginning of it? I know a huge transition from the previous story. Characters and personalities have changed. To name a few, Rosie and Zaylin, I mean it's only fair because they are teenagers after all and their personalities are bound to change huh. But I hope you like what I did with them. Thanks to everyone who have supported me in the other story and I hope I can get that amount of praise for this one! Please! Tell me the things you liked and disliked on this chapter. Funny or was it hilarious? Need a lot of reviews to update the next chapter. Ages: Jacob/Embry – 39 Renesmee/Erica – 32 Zaylin – 18 Rosie – 16 Kelvin/Karen/Aaron – 11 Review!