is seedy? Do you want to know what I see? I see a clever, brave and beautiful woman who bares her soul and flesh for lucky bastards like me to see. For a few minutes a day, I got to learn about the news of the world in such a beautiful way. You don't hide behind masks or societal prejudices; you simply just do it your way. I love you for it,' he said, inching his nose through her long curtaining hair. Her tearful brown eyes peeped up at him, obviously still a little unsure, despite his words. ' But what about the men, Edward? What about people like Mike? Doesn't that make you want to end things with me?' she whispered unwillingly, drawing out the words in nothing more than a painfully hoarse whisper. He dropped his hands from her warm body and sighed in frustration, one hand going into his hair and tugging at the copper locks resignedly. I show and tell her in so many ways that I love her, including all the bumps and baskets. I'm not thrilled that she has a legion of crazy men who are no doubt in love with her and that somewhere in that legion are at least a couple of 'Mikes'. But they don't get to make love to her, kiss her, live with her. How do I make her understand? He looked up to see her hugging her chest, one fist at her scar. She was literally holding herself together at the seams. She was truly crying now, her delicate white skin reddening with angry tears. He opened his arms wide and scooped her up before going to sit with her on the comfortable couches in the entertainment room. Depositing her firmly on his lap, he cradled her tightly to his chest before attempting to allay her fears for good. ' Bella sweetheart, how can I say this any differently? Am I thrilled that you have an army of fans who love that sexy body? No. Do I want you to stop doing what you do? Never. It's your body and your life babe. You are comfortable baring yourself for the lucky world to see, showing how brave you are and what you have come through. That is part of what makes you my Bella. Those guys that send the creepy letters? They don't get to be with you the way I do. All they get is the precious gift of seeing something beautiful like you for a few golden minutes a day and then they go back to their dreary lives. My life was dreary until I met you Bella. I lived for your programme days,' he confessed to her, glad to finally see a true smile breaking across her face as she leant up to kiss his lips. It wasn't the first time that she had needed the reassurance and it wouldn't be the last either. NAKED NEWS NAKED NEWS NAKED NEWS NAKED NEWS NAKED NEWS NAKED NEWS Finishing up for the day, he spared a glance out of the window and was surprised at how dark the nights were getting, even as early as he was leaving nowadays. Since meeting Bella, his work life balance had definitely improved. He made a mental note to talk to Bella about travelling in the darker months. He had a strong craving to take her somewhere sunny for a while. He closed down his email and smiled at catching a glimpse of Nell's name in his inbox. A potentially embarrassing encounter had led to a rather promising third date between his mentor and Bella's father. They were two people who had been alone for a long time so he hoped it all went well for the pair of them. It also didn't hurt that it had given him a couple of brilliant shots at making the Chief blush like a tomato behind that twitching moustache. But I have since learned that the good old Chief never gave up his gun... He locked up his office and smiled at Quill, his now permanent personal assistant. Esme had given him conditional forgiveness, 'provided that I get gorgeous grandchildren within two years, Edward.' Thanks Mom, no pressure there then. After stopping to have a quick word with Quill about his weekend plans, he made his way out of the building, taking his time to smile and acknowledge every employee as he passed. He had overheard a rather amusing debate as to the reason that they had all received unexpected bonuses in their fall pay. He had listened outside of the lunch room at his employees ideas, feeling a smidgeon of pride that none of them made crude allusions to 'finally getting laid' that his supposed friends were known to throw around. It was safe to say that they had not received bonuses. I'm glad I gave the cheques to Rose and Alice instead. Revenge is sweet. Not as sweet as Bella, but still pretty sweet. He made his way to the parking garage and started off for home. While at the red light he smiled as Bella's name popped up on his hands free kit. Noticing that the light was about to turn green, he allowed her call to come through, desperate to hear her voice as she had spent a rare night at Charlie's place, eager to grill Charlie on his romance with Nell. 'Hey Baby, how was your day?' she said in that sexy voice that told him to expect a sexy surprise on his arrival at home. He grinned as he started to move forwards, carefully checking that everything was clear. He looked in the mirror and saw a fleeting glimpse of red and a person wearing sun glasses. He opened his mouth to return his love's introductory greeting but before he could, he was suddenly slammed into before everything went black, his last thought being a vague recognition of the panicked screams of his Bella through the car telephone.