pleasure," he said wholeheartedly, his words fervent, touching Isabella to her core. "You, too." Now she fought to keep her tears at bay. She couldn't say more. She felt choked up and couldn't form any more words. "I also wanted to offer you this token so you would remember your time here, if you accept it, that is." Then he opened a crafted wooden box where lay the most beautiful pair of earrings. "I made them myself. When I saw the emeralds, I thought they would look stunning on you and started working on them immediately." A lone tear fell down Isabella's cheek. "They're so beautiful. Of course I will them proudly,"she said, touching the flower design delicately. She would hold onto them dearly, the green of the stones reminding her of Ecved's eyes. "The tulips represent the Ottoman Dynasty. You are right, they are lovely, but they can't compare to your beauty, Princess." He left abruptly, afraid he would shed the tears that stung his eyes. He had not cried since he was a babe and didn't plan to change that in front of a woman who wasn't even his. That left him in a sour state. The Princess didn't blink an eye the whole night. Neither did Ecved. They both lay, wallowing in their rooms, too caught up in their own minds to realise the sun had risen. The troop arrived at the castle, and Isabella was summoned to witness the discussion between Ecved Sultan and Ferdinand. Upon entering the inner council hall, she immediately spotted Ecved. He was sitting on a canopied throne. That morning he had donned a silver embroidered, blue velvet kaftan. On his head he wore an ottoman white turban, the front clasped with a broach that had a similar outline to her earrings. His eyes were more prominent than ever. She couldn't help but withdraw from her surroundings and think only about the man sitting across the room from her. He was a vision to behold, and her heart stopped its beats all together. Prince Ferdinand stood in front of the Sultan with his back to Isabella, oblivious to what was happening around from him. When he realised he lost the sultan's attention to something behind him, he turned around, seeing that Princess Isabella was standing there, silent. "Princess!" Ferdinand said, bowing his head. Isabella snapped out of her stupor and bowed back formally, then stood staring. He hadn't changed much since the last time she had seen him, except for the beard and mustache he was growing. He was shorter than Ecved, but still taller than her. Ferdinand had blond hair and cold blue eyes, where Ecved's were warm and green. She couldn't believe that this was it, that she was going to follow Ferdinand home to Austria, and they would marry and rule both his country and hers. She looked at Ecved, but his face was neutral, showing no trace of emotion, looking exactly like the all-powerful Sultan who was feared by so many. Little did she know that all the while, he was praying silently that his torment would be over soon, that the sleepless night would end and his aching lungs would finally be allowed to breathe. "We are set to leave in a few minutes, Princess. Go fetch your maid so we can be on our way," said Ferdinand dismissively. Ecved had an inclination to rip his head off for talking to her in such a manner, but she wasn't his, and he had no say in the matter. Isabella wanted to respond, to say that he didn't have the right to order her around, that she would do what suited her. However, she could not find the strength. She felt defeated on so many levels. She left the hall with no words, heading to her room for one final time. "Rose, it's time." The maid wanted nothing more than to console the Princess, but she didn't know how to proceed. She thought her lady's marriage to the Prince would bring her the joy she deserved. When they returned to the council hall, Isabella was dismayed to see that Ecved's throne was vacant. "Where is Ec... the Sultan?" she inquired. "He went back to his apartments. He said he had matters to attend to," Prince Ferdinand replied. "Alright, then. Let's get on our way, shall we?" she asked. Then she continued under her breath, "He didn't even bid me farewell." She was disappointed, sad and furious all at once. When entering the main hall that led to the castle gates, Isabella stopped all of a sudden then turned around and ran. "Princess! Where are heading?" Ferdinand exclaimed. "I'll go after her," said Rose, already following the Princess. Isabella disappeared through the castle's courts, fleeing through hallways to reach her destination, shocking everyone in her wake. But she didn't care in the least. She was on a quest, and none would deter her from it. The doors to Ecved's rooms opened without his permission, and he was ready to screech at whomever intruded, but when he saw her standing there, teary-eyed and breathless, he stopped instantly. "You couldn't come and say goodbye, even when you knew that we would never meet again, that this was the last time we would see each other," she managed to say through her tears and laboured breaths. "What would it change? Soon you'll be married and more powerful than ever. You'll forget this mishap soon enough, so why say goodbye?" He could already see the powerful woman she would become. She would be a prodigious queen, wife and mother, and those thoughts pained him. "It wasn't a mishap. It was the best experience to ever happen to me." She dashed to him and hugged him with all her will. He soon returned her embrace, all too eager to reciprocate her gesture. "Stay." "I don't want to go," they said at the same time, then started laughing and embraced again with even more force.