worried I was about you" he stated his voice cracking at the end making me feel really terrible for him. Having said what he wanted and having already heard my side, he didn't want to dwell on the emotional aspect of things a lot so he quickly added "So are you sure it's gonna be safe with your current balance problem to be learning self defense?". "Well, it's a full circle I guess. If I don't try, it won't be solved. I may get a few bruises at the beginning but hopefully it will all pay out at the end. The class is for beginners too and there aren't many participants so each of us will have enough one on one time with the instructor. And I'll be going five days a week for two hours since I took the full program -I am sure this will help me get better faster" I told him. "Oh that's good -seems like you've thought everything out then. But two hours a day, five days a week? Isn't this a lot? What about school?" he asked. "About this.. I have decided that I am finishing my senior year homeschooled" I told him confidently having already made the decision and knowing that no matter how much I respected him that I was an adult now and that this was my decision and mine alone no matter how he felt about it. "You are?" Charlie asked incredulous. "I am. Tomorrow, I'll go deal with the paperwork" I answered before adding "Look Dad, the curriculum is something I have no problem studying by myself. And socially speaking, I don't really have many friends there nor do I have anyone I want to be friends with their -actual friends I mean- except for maybe Angela and I have plans to keep my friendship with fact I was going to invite her to go out with me tomorrow to Port Angeles on a night out. So I don't see the reason for me to actually attend school except to just waste time that could be used better" I finished yet another speech -it seemed today was the days for those but I knew that even though I didn't have to explain myself or my decisions to him anymore, I still wanted to. "Well, seems like you've already made your decision, Bells -though I can't see fault with your reasoning" he told me seemingly overwhelmed by the plethora of information and decisions I was throwing at him today -and I couldn't really blame him. "I have -as I should, Dad, I am eighteen now after all. There many things I want to do and learn but I am not going to go through them together now. I'll just start with the homeschooling and my ninjutsu class -along with a few other changes like my going out with Angela tomorrow- then we'll see I guess" I told him with a shrug. "As long as you know what you're doing, Bells, which you seem to; then whatever makes you happy. You are an adult now after all as you said -and you've never seemed like one more than now. If you want my opinion though, then I do full support you" he ended with a smile causing a genuine one to appear on my face as well. After uttering my thanks and Charlie offering to the dishes, I went upstairs to call Angela. My going out with her tomorrow was to serve two purposes -mainly to reconnect with her or to be more specific connect with her since I realized I never really did to begin with. "What will we do?" she asked after a very surprised hello when I suggested we go to Port Angeles tomorrow after school -I still hadn't told her that I was leaving school yet. "Why don't we start with going to the salon? Have a new look? I know it's not exactly something I of all people would suggest and maybe not something that you'd be interested in but I was thinking it's time for a change and thought having you with would be great fun. What do you say?" I asked. "I say it sounds really good, Bella and I am very interested. We'll go right after school?" Angela asked sounding sincere. "Yes, that would be great. That way we don't have to stay late" I replied. "So you're coming tomorrow?" she asked tentatively since I hadn't showed up since Renee's accident almost a week ago and the week before that I literally was a zombie. "No, I'll pick you up after you're done though. And I'll explain tomorrow" I informed her after which we both hung up. I almost didn't want to sleep this day, fearing that I'll wake up back in the same state I was in before the accident -something which I felt everyday since I had woken up from my near death so to speak- but ended up convincing myself that I was stronger than that. I was never going to let myself sink this low again -instead I was going to build myself back up. It was going to be a whole new Bella Swan -or rather me finding out who Bella really was. I knew there was much to be done -to be fixed too- so I let myself drift to a dreamless but not completely peaceful sleep -yet. A/N: Thank you for reading so far. I'd love to know what you think of the premise -which I know in a way has been made before, but this is the point of fanfiction after all; to take already existing material and create something different with it. Suggestions -no matter how specific- opinions -good or bad- questions and constructive criticism are more than welcome so please do leave a few words if you have any. I also have to ask about the summary -do you have any suggestions for it? Or do you think it's alright? Thanks again, Reeva.