cement as Edward called a warning too late. A grin spread wide on his face, the young boy thrust his hand upward. Simultaneously the area where Carlisle had stepped shot into the sky and took Carlisle with him. We gaped up and saw with horror that he went so high that we couldn't see the top. With a faithful leap, Carlisle fell to the earth at amazing speeds only to be intercepted by Emmett, which slowed his fall. "What was that trickery?" Alice piped. For a tiny girl, she sure pulled off a death glare well. The young boy was grinning like he had a secret that only they knew. "He has a gift close to Benjamin's in Egypt. It's weaker and only deals with the element Earth, but it's still very powerful," Edward growled. The young boy was breathless and lacked energy. Looks like somebody needs more practice. "This does not have to lead to a fight," Esme insisted. Esme must truly hate conflict to try to stay at peace with a boy who nearly killed her mate. "Not today," Edward hissed. "You have been warned. I believe we've overstayed our welcome." Whenever things are risky like that, we'd let Edward decide when to leave. Basically, when he got enough information to know about every one of them, we could go. With our cars destroyed, we ran back to the main and further up, out of their hearing range. When I could no longer hear them, we decided to stop. "I don't like them. They take our house, ruin our cars – my baby!" Emmett growled, " and now they want to kill people." "Honey," Esme motioned to Carlisle. We continued to walk at a slow pace. Nessie was already in Edward's arms, fast asleep. She would be in Jake's but Bella refused for that much contact between them unless it was the last option. "We need to find shelter." "Let's find Collin's son. We are staying in LaPush this time," I grinned loudly, waking up Renesmee. . . . I pounded on the door for the hundredth time. "Are you sure this is the right address? It looks abandoned," Rosalie scoffed, peering in the window. I was about to speak when I heard the slosh of rain boots in the mud coming our way. Only Rosalie, Emmett, and I came to find Johnny Littlesea. The rest were looking for a decent hotel to stay in. "What are you kids doing lurking around here for?" a man called as he stepped on the path with us. I turned with a cheerful grin. "We are looking for Johnny Littlesea. Have you sea n him?" I joked. The man stared at me like I'm an idiot. "I'm Robert Pratt. Johnny hasn't been around since he put his mom in the old folks home. How can I help?" Robert sighed. He didn't seem too cheery. Emmett stepped forward, ready to explain when Robert gasped. He struggled to contain himself, but it didn't look like it was going to happen soon. Finally, he stuttered out the word, "Vampire!" "Uh, I don't know what you're talking about," Rosalie laughed nervously. Seriously, she had a pretty face, but she'd never be an actress. "Vampire…" Robert pointed Rosalie's way before scrambling off the porch and landing in a muddy puddle. "Sir, how do you know about them?" I give him a hand, which he denies. "Our legends," Robert grunted and tried to scramble backwards again, but I held his arm tightly. "What are you doing with them? Please! Don't kill me!" "Calm down," Emmett seemed to love the attention. "Seth here is a shape-shifter. I'm sure you've heard of him." "Of course I have. Why are you traveling with them? Kill them, they are your enemy," Robert scolded Seth even while trapped. Seth could bet he was a happy person… "They only drink animal blood," I said. "Can I let you go?" Robert nodded. "Good. Now how do you know about us?" "My wife's tribe had their own legends. And I, a descendant of the Ateara line, had our gene. I am on the council," Robert snuffed with dignity. "If you are an active member, where have you been?" "Long story short, I have been alive for much longer than you think, along with Jacob Black. We-," I began. " The Jacob Black? Who fell in love with a hybrid nearly one hundred fifty years ago?" "The one and only. We traveled with the Cullen clan, but now we are back home. We were planning on staying at their house," I motioned to a bored looking Rosalie and Emmett, "but the new clan have overtaken there. We were wondering if Jonny had a solution." Robert, with a look of worry, glanced back over his shoulder to a large field. "Due to your years of service and the protection you offer today, as I assume you will continue, I, on behalf of the council, give you this land deep in the woods on my right. It's actually far behind my house. They," he pointed rudely at the vampires, "can only stay if they vow to not touch a soul here, bite, feed, or transform, and they must help drive away the new vampire clan. I have heard of the Cullens and I trust Jacob Black, a well known Alpha, knows what he's doing." "Thank you, Sir," I sighed in relief. That's exactly what I was thinking would happen. "You don't have to worry, you are in good hands." I hoped I wasn't lying to that man. I was still curious what legends were true on his wife's side. Pratt. That was the family who moved into Collin's house. The odd family. Hmm… A/N: FYI I totally promise this is a lot about Seth and his imprint. To every good story, there is a good plot. Don't worry the next chapter will be more about Seth and the OC. I'd like five reviews before the next chapter. 5!