You come back now, and the werewolves show up again. Do you think that's a coincidence?" Blinking I relaxed. "Carlisle will be interested in that theory." "Theory," she scoffed. Remaining in silence for a moment, staring out the window into the rain. That gave me plenty to think about, to know we were the cause of the wolves being here, to know it was our fault they existed. So, I was to blame for what happened to Jacob, again. First I took Bella away from him, then to know he changed into a monster because of my presence here, his hatred for me was justified. But that changed nothing from my point of view. "Interesting, but not exactly relevant," I murmured after a moment. "The situation remains the same." It was an impossibility to have her remain friends with a wolf while I was around. We were mortal enemies; we couldn't even be in the same place at the same time. And, with Victoria still on the loose, there was no way I would allow her out of my sight, especially to visit him. He was too dangerous right now. Alice had shown me a glimpse into the relationship they had shared when I was away. It had not gone any further than friendship, but the intention was still clear and I could not allow it to continue any longer. She had to understand my position; she couldn't think I was wrong. She got up and walked around the table. Opening my arms she sat on my lap, nestling into my stone embrace. She looked at my hands while she spoke. "Please just listen for a minute. This is so much more important than some whim to drop in on an old friend. Jacob is in pain," her voice distorted around the word. "I can't not try to help him –I can't give up on him now, when he needs me. Just because he's not human all the time… Well, he was there for me when I was… not so human myself. You don't know what it was like…" she hesitated. My arms went rigid; my hands were in fists now, the tendons standing out. "If Jacob hadn't helped me… I'm not sure what you would have come home to. I owe him better this, Edward." Closing my eyes I wanted to die. Knowing the pain and anguish it caused her after I left was something I'd never forgive myself for. Knowing that I sent her straight into the arms of my mortal enemy, that he shielded her from the danger I'd left behind, was excruciating. "I'll never forgive myself for leaving you," I whispered. "Not if I live a hundred thousand years." She placed her hand against my face, I sighed then opened my eyes. "You were just trying to do the right thing. And I'm sure it would have worked with anyone less mental than me. Besides, you're here now. That's the part that matters." "If I'd never left, you wouldn't feel the need to go risk your life to comfort a dog." She flinched; she didn't like me taking this tone when it came to him. "I don't know how to phrase this properly," I said with a bleak tone. "It's going to sound cruel, I suppose. But I've come too close loosing you in the past. I know what it feels like to think I have. I am not going to tolerate anything dangerous." That was the truth; I couldn't tolerate her in any kind of danger. And when she wasn't with me, she was in danger. There was still much out there that was part of my world that was a danger to her. Things I needed to protect her from and if she was away from me I wouldn't be able to protect her. "You have to trust me on this. I'll be fine." Pain spread across my face. "Please, Bella," I whispered. She stared into my eyes. "Please what?" "Please, for me. Please make a conscious effort to keep yourself safe. I'll do everything I can, but I would appreciate a little help." Needing that… I needed her help. Needing her to see my point of view. How dangerous this time was for her. We had to consider Victoria, not to mention the Volturi. She must see that, she must have some idea what this was doing to me. "I'll work on it," she murmured. "Do you really have any idea how important you are to me? Any concept at all of how much I love you?" Pulling her tighter against my chest, tucking her head under my chin. She pressed her lips against my neck. "I know how much I love you," she answered. "You compare one small tree to the entire forest." "Impossible." Kissing the top of her head I sighed. Hopefully that got my point across, although I was never quite certain, as I couldn't hear her thoughts to know for sure. Having one advantage on my side, my sort of secret weapon, which was Alice who was already watching her for danger. She would inform me if there were anything I needed to worry about. "No werewolves." "I'm not going along with that. I have to see Jacob." "Then I'll have to stop you." Okay I was off base; she didn't understand the dangers the wolves could bring with them. But that was all right I was confident I could protect her. "We'll see about that," she bluffed. "He's still my friend." That spread pain throughout me, to know that they were friends. To know I did that, I made that happen –there was nothing I could do about that –but there was certainly something I could do about what happened now. And I would do anything. She needed to realize that it couldn't have both ways. It was either him or me. It would be her decision and when the time came I would give her the choice.