flew to his; just as I was about to back away, his hand came up and grasped the back of my neck, pulling my lips to his. It was a kiss filled with passion and… longing? My body went almost limp as I lost myself in the kiss; I'd never been kissed like this before. My hands, on their own accord, found Edward's hair and threaded themselves through his shaggy locks. His beard, which I had thought bothered me, was now softly brushing my face and I couldn't have loved the sensation more. Slowly, Edward swiveled his chair around, his hands moved to my hips and he guided me onto his lap, straddling him, but never breaking the kiss. His hands traveled up my back, cupping the back of my head, as he deepened the kiss, running his tongue over my lips, begging for entrance, which I immediately granted. I was a goner. Once our tongues touched, I lost all control. I could feel his arousal, hot and hard, as it grazed my heated cloth-covered center. I started to rock my hips, eliciting a groan from deep within Edward's chest. He broke the kiss and leaned his forehead against mine, both of us panting. I opened my eyes, afraid of what I might see, but all I saw was lust and affection. "Bella," he breathed. "I know this may seem…sudden, but I…I want you so badly." "Then take me, Edward," I replied on a breath, pressing my lips to his. All of the fantasies I had the entire semester I was in his class were about to come true, and there was no way in hell I was going to stop him. He didn't say another word as he reached down and lifted my shirt over my head. Once he tossed it to the side, he gazed upon my black lace covered breasts. "So beautiful," he whispered as he leaned forward and traced my cleavage with his tongue. My hands found his hair again, anchoring him to me, and he peppered my breasts with feather-light kisses, but he didn't stay there long; he was eager for more. Quickly, he lifted me up onto my feet, and before I knew it, I was bare before him. His eyes traversed my body from my feet to my eyes, where he paused, beaming, before standing himself. He picked me up, gently setting me on the edge of his desk as he began to undress himself. It was a beautiful, serene ambiance – the room was warm from the fire, which provided the only light, as twilight approached and it darkened outside. Edward's emerald eyes glowed in the firelight, and he was perfection, as he stood gorgeous and naked before me. He reached out a hand, tracing my cheek with his fingertips, as I spread my legs to accept him and he stepped between them. I immediately felt his erection, hard and ready for me, as it grazed where I was more than ready to receive him. "Bella, love, you have no idea how long I've waited for you." His fingers traced down the side of my neck, sending shivers down my spine, as he gazed into my eyes, trying to speak volumes without words. But I needed him to tell me, out loud, what he was saying. "I don't understand." I searched his eyes for answers. "You were my Professor, and only that; we've barely seen each other around campus, and now…" My breath caught in my throat as his hand made contact with the swell of my breast, while the other touched my wet core; the sensation tingling throughout my body. He leaned forward and nuzzled my face, placing kisses on my cheeks, across my eyes and down over my jaw to my lips, where he kissed me passionately. "I couldn't believe it when I finally realized it was really you today; I thought I was dreaming. I have wanted you ever since that first day I saw you in my class." I gasped and pulled back to look into his eyes; I needed to see the truth in his words. "Really? But I always thought you were so distant with me because you didn't like me…" He chuckled and shook his head. "Love, you took my breath away that first day…it was so bloody hard to stay away from you. But I knew I had to; you were my student. But then today, there you were…and I knew it was fate; that we were meant to be." I crashed my lips to his, whispering, "Yes, God, yes." And he spoke no more with his words, but with his body, as he entered me in one swift thrust. We moved in sync, like we'd made love a million times before, gasps of pleasure falling from our lips, as we both found our climax. Once we had come down from our euphoria, I pulled Edward closer, holding him tight, as he kissed me tenderly, promising me this was only the beginning. "You graced my life today, Bella love, and I will be forever grateful for this snowy day." When I finally emerged from Edward's cabin feeling lighter and happier than I had all day, I walked over to my car, giving it a once over. There were no dents, not even a scratch to show what my poor car had been through. It was honestly a miracle that proved to me God really did have angels watching over us. They come in all shapes and sizes, but the one with the mossy green eyes would always hold a special place in my heart. And maybe one day, I'd have the guts to tell my parents how that extraordinary man came into my life. But not today, today he was my secret saving grace. I have decided to donate a sequel of this for the Fandom Against Domestic Violence. Donations are due Feb. 28, 2014. Google it, it's very common ;) for more info!