a man Edward really was and precisely how he took care of her. Emmett stood there like the dumbass he was, his mouth hung open in surprise. He had no idea Isabella was even pregnant from the back view and his inebriated state didn't help. Before another word was spoken Rose rushed in, beating the crap out of Emmett with her handbag. Both Isabella and Edward watched the entire scene with shocked amusement. "Emmett, for the love of God, stop flirting with every woman in here," Rose ranted, smacking him again. "No one here wants to be with a douche like you. Least of all me. I am fucking done." It seemed Emmett had bad luck for embarrassing situations when it came to this gym. He and Rosalie had been an on-again, off-again couple since their senior year. But, by the way Rose stormed out of there after her harsh words; it seemed as if this time was final. Though it was hard to tell with her face unable to show true emotions anymore. Demetri clapped his hand on Emmett's shoulder, steering him toward the exit. "I think it's time we take you home, big guy," he told Emmett; his wife Heidi following meekly behind. "Sorry, guys," Demetri spoke to the Cullen's as he led an enraged Emmett out. Both Edward and Isabella nodded briefly back to Demetri, stunned at his change in behavior toward them. "I guess some people can change," Isabella said quietly. "Not all of them, obviously," Edward countered back. "Wanna get out of here?" "Let's have one more dance. I'm not going to let him ruin our night tonight." The two spent the next couple songs wrapped in each other's arms, reveling in the love they still shared. It was the one thing from high school that hadn't changed, only grown stronger. After saying goodbye to their friends, Edward drove Isabella home. He knew she had to be tired of being on her feet all night, although she wouldn't dream of complaining. When they reached their home, Edward opened Isabella's car door and swooped her into his arms, carrying her through their house bridal style and laying her gently on their bed. His eyes slowly perused her body, the pride in his eyes evident, as well as the lust. "Are you just going to stand there all night or are you going to undress me?" Isabella asked; the tone unmistakable. Edward stumbled over his words. "I thought you'd be too tired, love," he started, but Isabella interrupted him, sitting up and grabbing his tie, pulling him to her. His lips crashed to hers greedily, seizing the moment of her desire. He knew from experience how fleeting this moment could be. Their arms became a tangle of limbs, each reaching for the other's clothing, trying to rid each other of them as soon as possible. When both of them were left wearing only their undergarments, Edward's eyes scanned over his wife's luscious body once more. "God, you're gorgeous," he breathed reverently. Isabella had no reply; he was already attacking her body with his mouth. He left open-mouthed kisses in all the right places, followed by nips with his teeth and a lick of his tongue. After ten years, each of them knew exactly how to please one another. He slipped the cup of her bra down, his hands and mouth massaging her full breasts. Isabella reached behind herself and undid the clasp, as Edward quickly pushed the offending garment out of the way. Isabella then reached down to rid Edward of his boxers and he helped push them off with his feet. Suddenly, the foreplay section of the night was over and they both knew it. There was no time to mess around, their sleeping daughter was just down the hallway and could awaken at any moment. Besides, in Isabella's condition, once she got going it didn't take her long to be ready. "Turn around, Isabella," Edward commanded her, kneeling by the end of the bed. She did what he asked willing and without doubt. She slid up to her hands and knees and braced her hands on the headboard in front of her. It was the best position for both of them now. Edward sidled up behind her and splayed his long fingers across her stomach, the other hand caressing up and down her spine and ass, enjoying the view. He peppered a few kisses and whispered terms of endearment and then slammed his more than ready dick into her very wet core. The thrusting, moaning and groaning was as muffled as could be until Edward brought down his finger and massaged Isabella's swollen clit. She pressed her mouth into her pillow as she screamed Edward's name, her body convulsing inside and out, squeezing Edward so hard he almost exploded. He thrust a few more times; letting her ride out her own orgasm, until he followed behind, both of them a panting heated mess of goo. Edward thought back momentarily to the first time he touched Isabella in a sexual way in the back room of Game Stop and smiled, as they basked in their post coital bliss. "Thank you for teaching me how to do this, my love," he said with a grin. Isabella chuckled in response. "You're the best student I've ever had." He kissed her cheek as he held her tightly to his chest, thoughts of the past and future mixing in his mind. "Tonight was fun and I'm glad we went back," Edward declared, and Isabella rolled her eyes. "But I'm looking forward to more of the future." His hand caressed her swollen belly, his eyelids heavy. "Me too, baby. Me too," Isabella mumbled quietly, the two falling quickly to sleep in each other's arms, with a whole lifetime ahead of them. Thank you so much for all the love and support you've shown to Gameward and Cheerleaderella! I hope that this ending was everything you wished for them and more :)