groveling. I'm definitely much later than I'd intended, but it was totally worth it. ~TCQ~ Jumping out of the car, I practically throw my keys at the valet and take off towards the inside of the restaurant. My first order of business is getting my shit together, and I head toward the bathrooms. I set the pink box carefully on the counter making sure that it won't get wet and look in the mirror. Shit. My hair looks like it was, what do the girls call it? Oh yeah, "just fucked" hair. Which it is, kind of. Man, I can't believe what happened tonight, it was incredible. Cupcake Girl is one mouth-watering dessert. Since there is nothing to be done about my "just fucked" hair, I then proceed to wash my hands for dinner. Shit. I bet I smell like sex. Mixed in with a bit of cupcake goodness, but still. Not how you want to hug your mother. I thank God this is a fancy restaurant that has cologne in the bathroom and douse myself with it. Not too shabby, Cullen, I think giving myself the once over in the mirror. Now it's time to put on that charming smile of yours and flatter your sister. Yeah, that's probably not gonna happen. As I enter the dining room I can see our family has the entire back room to ourselves in typical Alice fashion. I quickly walk over to them, giving them a hasty wave as I go, and my signature grin. Gotta make this good since it looks like they are already eating the main course. My mom and dad stand and I lean in to give them each a hug, and a peck on the cheek for my mom. "It's so good to see you, Edward," she says quietly by my ear. "It's been a while." My dad just smirks as I answer her. "I know, Mom. We've been really busy in the studio. I'll stop by the house soon." And I kiss her other cheek for good measure. I make my way around the table to Jasper, my sister's boyfriend and one of my best friends. We shake hands and he gives me the look that says, "This better be good, man." Finally I reach Alice. I give her the biggest squeeze I can without smashing the cupcake box in my left hand. "Happy Birthday, Alice," I tell her, "I'm so sorry I'm late. I lost track of time." Hey, it's mostly the truth. She doesn't need to know the rest of the details. I hand her the box of cupcakes and I'm in no way prepared for the reaction. I think the girls call it "squeeing" and it's the loudest thing right by my ear. Alice is practically jumping up and down with the box in her hands. I hope the cupcakes can withstand her enthusiasm. "I take it you've had these before," I say, carefully removing my limbs from the excitable area. "Oh my gosh, yes, Edward," she gushes still looking at the box that reads Sparkles Cupcakes, "These are the best cupcakes on the planet! She is the Cupcake Queen." She may be everyone else's Cupcake Queen, but she is my Girl. "Well then, I hope you enjoy them. I thought they tasted pretty good myself." And so did my fingers afterwards, if I do say so myself. "Edward, I'm sure you are starving," my dad interrupts with a grin. "Why don't you sit down and enjoy your meal, it should be out in a minute." We all sit back down at the table, and as my food arrives a second later, I dig into the most delicious Chicken Parmesan I have ever eaten anywhere. My family knows that whenever we come to Volturi's this is what I am going to eat. It's fucking awesome. I can't believe how hungry I still am after sampling all of those cupcakes. Maybe it was that little workout I had afterward. Not that I really had to do any work there. And, now I am hard again. Thank the fuck we're sitting down. I place the napkin over my crotch and try to think of something else. But the only thing coming to mind is Cupcake Girl…which reminds me… "Hey, Alice how come you never told me about this cupcake shop before?" I ask her through a mouthful of chicken, nodding my head in the direction of her gift box. Sorry, this shit is too good to stop eating and be polite. "Well, Edward. I figured you would have known about it, seeing as it is right down the street from your studio. But I should have known better. You never pay attention to your surroundings." "But how did you know about it?" I'm not getting any satisfactory answers here; she is still rambling. "Looks like she made quite an impression. Wow, you must have really liked those cupcakes. Oh! Did she give you a Strawberry Margarita one? Those are my absolute faves!" Talk about getting easily distracted. Geesh! "Yes, she did Alice," I reply, bracing myself for the ear-splitting squeal I know is coming. And it does. Loud and clear. Alice is almost falling out of her chair she's bouncing so high. Cupcake Girl did good. She sure knows what her customers want. And then some, I smirk. "Alice, before you start drooling all over the place, could you please tell me how you found out about that place?" I say a bit too harshly, but damn I want an answer. "It's really no big deal, Edward," she says as she calms down. "I know the owner." "The owner?" I ask, still confused. "Isabella!" Alice screams as she leaps from her chair. "Happy Birthday, darling. Sorry I'm so late. I had a last minute customer who kept me busy taste testing my goodies." My heart jumps into my throat. I'd know that voice anywhere now. My head whips around to see… Rose? And… Cupcake Girl.