labelled as my girlfriend, you're seriously fucking wrong. You're my girl now, Bella Swan. You're stuck with me. And you will never, ever leave me. You get me?" "Yeah, I get you...boyfriend." Beaming, Jake lifted her into his arms and spun her around elatedly, before setting her back onto her feet and once again cupping her cheeks. "I love you, girlfriend, so fucking much. Forever." ~ICBTY~ As the night drew to a close, his friends and family had one-by-one disbursed before saying their final goodbyes and congratulating them both on finally becoming a couple. The D.J was packing up his set as Jake's friends stood by the exit waiting for him. "Baby, why don't you go and spend the last few minutes with your friends? You know they'll miss you just as much as me." Bella pressed a kiss into his collarbone. Jake shook his head adamantly, while pulling her closer. " No . I just got you. I'm not wasting another second more than I have to by being away from you. 'Sides, they're good guys. They'll understand. They know how I feel about you." Stunned, she pulled back and met his content gaze. "They do?" Smirking, he placed a soft kiss on the tip of her nose and then on her lips. "Sure, sure. I've been in love with you for a very long time, Bells. You were the only person who failed to notice." He winked playfully, and gently pressed her head back into his chest. "Yeah, I guess I was a little slow on the uptake." "Yeah, you were. But that never changed my feelings for you. If anything, it made them stronger," he said as he rested his chin on her head, and wrapped his arms around her. As they stood in the middle of the dance floor, a handful of people starting to clear everything up, it finally hit her. Bella stiffened in his arms. She was losing him. He was leaving her. Oh god... "None of that, Miss Swan," Jake scolded her gently, while lovingly stroking her lower back. "This isn't the end for us, baby, it's just the beginning. I've waited my whole life for you, do you seriously think I'd let something like this come between us?" Bella knew that, but it didn't stop the tears of sorrow from leaving her eyes. "I know, but still. This is extremely hard for me. I just got you," she mumbled, pathetically. Stay strong! "And you'll always have me. " Jake reassured her, moving back and lifted her head so their eyes collided. "Baby, just because I'm going to another state doesn't change a thing for us. Fuck, I'll be writing, calling, texting, and emailing so damn much, you'll probably get sick of me!" he chuckled, lightly wiping the tears away with his thumb, and bringing her palm up to his lips to kiss it. "I'm doing this for us, Bells, so I can give you the life I know you deserve. So I can give you everything you've ever wanted." "All I want is you, honey. Nothing else matters." Sighing, Jake placed his index finger under her chin and gently lifted until they were looking at each other. "Bells? Please let me do this. Let me give you the life I've always dreamed we'd have, please?" Her heart spasmed in her chest. "You know I'd do anything for you. Just..promise me one thing?" she mumbled, quietly. "Anything, baby. Name it." "D-Don't forget me while you're over there. I know it's a stupid and selfish thing to say, but I know there are going to be lots of beautiful girls over there who will more than likely throw themselves at you-" "And I'll throw them straight back off. Baby, I'm a one woman man. My heart and soul belongs to you , honey. I don't see any other girls. I don't want any other girl. Why would I even look when I have the perfect one waiting for me at home?" he asked, throwing her a knowing glance. "I'm yours , baby. Forever. And I intend to marry your beautiful ass as soon as I get back." Bella's gaze snapped to his in amazement. "I'd really love that," she smiled coyly. "Just whatever happens over there...please come back to me." "Nothing's going to happen over there, Bells. You're the only one I want. You're my home. I'll always come back to you. Never forget that." And she never did. Eighteen months after his return from college, after playing football for his collage team, Jake married Bella at sunset on First Beach in front of their friends and family as they each vowed to be together and love each other until death do they part. And that's exactly what they did. Because, at the end of it all, Bella was his one true happiness. His everlasting love, and no one would ever take her place. She was his home, his safe haven-his serenity. Six months later, Jake was drafted to the Seattle Seahawks and continued to play and become one of the best quarterbacks in the world until he could no longer throw a ball. Jake had always wanted to give Bella the live he'd always dreamed they'd have, but what he didn't realise, until she announced that she was pregnant with their first child, was that they already had it. They were together, living their lives with each other. What more could he ask for? Perhaps the birth of his second child and first son? Nothing else mattered to Jacob Black more than his family. He'd waited his entire life to call Bella his wife and the mother of his children, and now he finally had it. He had his dream, and as long as she was by his side and their children grew to be strong and healthy, he wouldn't ever stop living it. He would always come back to her. So there you go! Review and let me know what you think!