a fucking nightmare... I mean the whole department is avoiding me, so it seems that they know why she hates me, and that if they talk to me they're going to be punished for it, she just... arrrggh why the fuck did ii even decide to do this," I groan into a pillow "Do you really want me to rehash that for you?" Ellie asks "No... its just that's what she asked me, she asked me why after everything I said about this career job, why would I go off and get a job in said career," I whisper "Well what did you tell her?" Ellie asks "I didn't tell her anything, she never gave me a chance to respond, basically walked right out the room not saying a thing, and everyone got back to their jobs," "Well you know what you have to do then... don't you shake your head at me Alice, you've got to go back there, with your head held high, you can do this, prove to her, prove to them all that you can do this, if she wont pay attention to you, tell her to keep her personal business out of the office, tell her straight that she can hate you like there's no tomorrow, but whilst your at work she has to treat you with the same respect as she does with everyone else, tell her that she has to give you a chance... and if she doesn't, report her, to her boss, to anyone that is higher up that she is, the world doesn't revolve around her, if your gonna be civil with that bitch, then she has to be civil with you," Ellie rants "Look you've got to give it your all okay, don't back down, she knocks you down, jump straight back up and brush the dirt off your clothing, tell her its going to take a lot more than that to keep you down," "Okay, thanks Ellie, your really are the bestest friend ever," I say giving her a hug "I try," she giggles Bella POV "Was that really necessary?" Edward asks me "Yeah it was," I say sharply "You know as well as I know that it was," "Belly-bean, your not really going to completely shut her out are you," Emmett asks cautiously "I might be a stone-faced bitch Emmett, I might be a heartless monster, but no, right now that's what she's expecting from me, and I wont give her the satisfaction, she'll be expecting me to exclude her from everything, to ignore her at all times, but she forgot the most important thing about me," "And what's that?" Emmett asks "That I don't mix personal business, with my professional business, does it suck that she'll be working closely with me, yeah it does, but whilst I'm on duty, I'm in charge of her, that means... she ain't gonna die or get injured on my watch," Edward sighs. "What?" I snarl at him "Don't take this the wrong way Bella, I know that you can do this easily, I mean I've seen you do this before, but wont she want to talk to you about this, I'm guessing she'll know how to get on your nerves," "No, she knew how to get on my nerves back when we were teenagers, she doesn't realise that ive actually grown up a bit since then, and so has she, she's actually gonna been in for a bit of surprise when she inevitably finds out stuff about me," I hesitate for a moment "Bella, what's going on in that head of yours, I'm actually getting scared here," Emmett says "Alice, she only know the girl she met back in those years we went to boarding school, she doesn't know me know, and if she's even a little bit like she was back then, she's gonna be judgemental of me... that's decides it, inform everyone, no one, and I do mean no one can tell her anything about my life, nothing okay, anything from the moment I started the Academy onwards, she cant know unless I tell her, if anyone does, tell them that I'm sorry but I'll have to punish them for it," "Everyone will understand," Emmett says gently "Just let them know, that I don't want to be forced into doing something like that, but I cant have her knowing stuff about me from anyone but myself," Emmett and Edward nod slightly at me, and then exit my office, Edwards probably heading back up to seventh, haha, and Emmett is most definitely carrying out my instructions. This is so not what I was expecting. I truly believed I would never see Alice again after what she said when we last saw each other, don't go down that road just yet Bella, walking out of my office to introduce myself to the newest member of my team I generally could not holdback the snort that came out of me when I saw her, she may have changed a little bit, but I recognised her instantly, in that moment everything I knew about came flooding back. Seeing that she didn't remember or recognise me, I decide to have a little fun at her expense stating stuff about her that only she would have told someone, I only stopped because I could see that I was scaring her, I could see right away when she remembered who I am, that's when I turned on my, as Rosalie would call it, 'Bitch Persona'. "Bella? Can I see you in my office now," I almost didn't hear the voice of the Chief calling me, I can already hedge a bet as too what this about, great now all i need is a phone call from the big man upstairs, and my life will utterly suck. "On my way Chief," I respond Exiting my office, I walk the 6 steps to the Chief's office, and rap three times on the door, before entering. Good Luck Bella.