is really small and just looks big in the pictures. What´s the area? ... 2,691 square foot." -"There must a catch!" -"Come on B, don´t be like that. Why can´t you just be positive and think the universe is sending us a nice and affordable place to live, which is close to the Kardashians, maybe I´ll meet one of them and start working with them DASH! And the…" -"Okay girls, I talked with mi colleague and he will meet us after lunch at the house. I´ll give you the address so you can meet us there. Does 4:30 work for you?" -"That is fine with us. -"Okay then, let me show you, your way out. "She said opening the front door "I´ll see you at the house at 4:30 then. Please if you change your mind let me know so we don´t… drive up there for nothing" she said smiling while we enter our car and start driving away. "Welcome to IN N OUT, what can I get you?" "We´ll have three double cheese burgers, fries and three vanilla milkshakes, please" Rosalie said while give her AMEX to the young teenager at the counter. "I can´t believe we finally find something worth looking at and at a reasonable price" "I know right! I don´t forget the fact that it is a house and not a small annoying apartment. It even has a pool and everything. Bella are you alright? You´ve been really quite since we left that awful apartment in Hollywood Hills. What´s the matter?" "It´s nothing Ali. I just have a bad feeling about this and I don´t know why. It seems too good to be truth and I think there must be a catch or something" "Like my dear mother likes to say, "Good things, happen to smart and beautiful people". Embrace it Bell, it seems like we found a place to live. The viewing is just a formality. " After finishing our meal, we drive around LA for a while to kill some time until our appointment. At exactly 4:30 PM we drove into Ensenada Drive. Big and beautiful houses line up to both sides of the road. "This neighborhood looks really nice. What´s the address again?" "3966 Ensenada Drive." I answer while the GPS alert us that we had arrived at our destination. I could see Renata and some early forties man talking quietly at the front lawn of the house. Just like the pictures, the house was really big and beautiful. A two story red brick house, with large windows and vast green front lawn. As soon as she saw us, Renata stopped talking with her partner and walk to greet us. She introduced us to her colleague, Max Marin. Apparently he has been in charge of the house for quite some time and does it pretty well. We start the tour, and the more the girls saw the more they like it. It had open space, a big kitchen and four decent size bedrooms, plus a big master bedroom. The final touch was the outside yard, a medium pool and Jacuzzi laid alongside of a BBQ set. "The pool was built in the early forties but was renovated 10 years ago when the new owner built the Jacuzzi. The previous owners built the BBQ and change the plumbing of both, so you shouldn´t had any problems with it. So, what do you think?" Before Alice or Rose could say anything I interjected, "Is the rent really $4,500 a month?" "Plus utilities of course, but water is included in the rent" "WE TAKE IT" Rose and Alice scream at the same time and start jumping up and down. "Okay in that case we can start with the pap…" "What´s the catch?" I asked. "What do you mean…" Max started "There must be something you are not telling us. No way would a place like this, in this neighborhood rent for so low. So again, what´s the catch?" Max and Renata exchange a look before he turned to look at me. "Okay, if you must know. The previous owners left rather abruptly because they claim that the house is haunted. The mother had an accident, she said she fell but everyone believes the husband was beating her. What is true is that the house has a history of weird occurrences but no one has die in here, well besides the original owner, but he died of decease. True to be told, most of that people just wanted either money or attention, this is Los Angeles after all. Ok so should we start with the paper work or has that story change your minds" "Could you give us a minute please" they nodded and retrieve to their car. "Bella, come on, this place is amazing and is below what we hope to pay. You can´t let a silly ghost story scare us away." "Rose is right. I mean, you have to admit it´s a bit freaky but they were probably lying, you heard him, abusive husband. They probably made it up, so he wouldn't have to go to jail. Come on, said yes" I looked at both of them for a moment and then turned to look at the house. It was true it was pretty, and to be honest perfect for us. I still had a bad feeling but I guess we could try after all is just a rental and if it doesn´t work, we could always move somewhere else. "So, have you reached a decision?" Max asked us with some documents in his hands with Renata smiling awkwardly behind him. "Where do we sign?" I asked while Rose and Alice start jumping in happiness. _AN: Okay this is my first attempt at writing a fanfic. It probably has a lot of grammatical mistakes but I don´t have a beta. It will mostly be Bella POV with some of the grils and the boys too. This fic is mostly mistery. I hope you like it.