fine, though. She would live to battle her long-time enemy (AKA the stair) yet again. The doors opened and the nurse walked in accompanied by a person in a white coat... a doctor. Bella touched her forehead. Maybe she was more scrambled than anticipated. Everything was still moving slowly. The doctor introduced himself as Doctor Cullen. He was blonde with a very calming voice. He was in his late forties, she wagered. He would have been handsome if it hadn't been for the dark circles under his eyes. After a closer check-up, he concluded that she was fine, but that she had given them a scare when she was brought in with the ambulance. There had been no neck injury, though... No head trauma... Be more careful next time. Will do. Have yourself some painkillers. Sure. If you feel any dizziness... and where are your shoes? Etc, etc. Then he started telling her about this new amazing doctor who would be joining their staff after the summer holiday. At this point, Bella wasn't paying attention any longer, but absentmindedly worried where her mother was and whether or not neighbours would come knocking at their door, wondering what had happened. She was also relieved that Doctor Cullen, with the nice voice, but dreary eyes hadn't mentioned her father. He knew her name – and the name Swan was a rare one. Renée didn't disappoint. She was inconsolable. She cried. Then hugged the doctor and one of the other patients (who was probably worse off than her). Still, in her distress, Renée was able to guide her to the car. "Oooh, Bellaaa!" her mother cried. "I thought this was it. Now, she's done it. I was so scared. So worried" She gave her yet another hug. "You were soooo lucky! Didn't you hear what dr. Cullen said? So lucky, yes." She opened the car and helped Bella get seated. "And you were so lucky that it was dr. Cullen who checked you. One of the best neurosurgeons in the state. God knows what he's doing in Forks... Been here all these years, yes, I remember him from when you were a baby. Hmm. I suppose it was that wife of his… Esme, is that the name? It was such a long time ago now, but she suffered this horrible miscarriage. Was never the same. Yes, yes. It was truly horrible. I mean, I don't know them personally, since they're older and everything. But we all grew up here. But… Esme and Carlisle – doctor Cullen – they were one of those people… well, Forks was too small for them. They weren't supposed to stay here, you know? Adopted a child in the end, though. I think she's about your age. Beautiful and smart like her parents. Yes, yes." Renée had never ceased to amaze Bella with her vast and in-depth network of gossip. While she herself always felt in the dark about those around her, her mother's stories were never-ending and too intrusive even, at times. Bella leaned back in the car seat and watched all the green trees fly by. It has started raining again, as she had predicted. It was then it dawned on her. She had almost killed herself in another family's house, because of something as trivial as curiosity. There was a reason why construction workers wore those yellow helmets. Curiosity killed the cat. Well, it was a good thing she wasn't a cat. Bella got slowly out of the car when they reached the house and walked carefully towards the lawn to get the blanket and her diary. She guessed Phil hadn't noticed that it started raining. After changing to pyjamas and taking a couple of painkillers, Bella was sitting comfortably in the sofa looking outside the window. It was dark outside and it wasn't raining, but pouring. The sound of the rain was nice. It helped her headache in a way. She wondered absentmindedly if the worker who had lost the hammer had had it returned. In the kitchen she could hear Phil making dinner, which was usually her job. She walked over to the kitchen to see if there was anything she could help with. Phil was chopping some yellow peppers. It was then it happened. Looking out of the window a black sports car appeared at the end of the street, approaching fast. Phil froze and stared. The car continued down the street towards us. It didn't stop, though: it continued. While Phil mumbled something about a Martin and James Bond, I walked quietly upstairs to my room where out of the window, I could see the car stop before our neighbouring house. The car door opened, and a tall man got out. Even though it was raining cats and dogs, he didn't seem to be in a hurry. He walked slowly towards the building. Then he stopped. In a lazy manner he turned his head and studied our house. It was dark, so it was impossible to make out any features nor expressions. But Bella could feel his stare and it was then she realized that even though she couldn't see him, he could see her . He could see right into her bedroom, where the lights were turned on and she was standing right in front of her window in plain view. In a plunge she turned off her light. Her pulse was hammering in her ear. She lowered herself to the floor and crawled to her window. When she looked outside, the man was gone. Did you make it to the very end? I don't think every chapter will be this long. We'll see. Thank you for reading it (I hope someone did...)! Even if you didn't like it x). Wow, I can't believe I've finally posted something after reading so many ff written by others... I'm sure you now the drill: review, review, review ;-). Tell me what you liked/disliked. Ask me questions. Reviews=faster update, soo... ^^ Thank you. ~Risibility