of his mid-40's with blond-ish hair and grey blue eyes, dressed in a black army uniform. "Morning, I'm here to see Mr Bewley, I'm his secretary-" "Miss Greene?" He asked with a smile. "That's me…" "Sorry Miss," he said as he waved for the second guard to open the gate, "Just a security check, go right on through." With a nod to the man she was sure was a former Special Forces Soldier she drove up to the house, her brown eyes taking in the beautiful garden and the size of the house. It was a typical Los Angeles rich-man mansion consistent with palm-trees, green lawn-covered land and colourful flowers running along the fences stretched all around the property. The drive way was formed by huge grey concrete blocks that lead up all the way to the garage doors and the front door steps. As Ashley got out of her car with her day planner she noticed the beautiful silver Ford Mustang-GT 500 with midnight blue racing stripes standing in front of the three-door garage. And she found that she was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't a Ferrari or a Porsche. Shutting her car door she made her way up the same shaded steps as this of the drive way, she found herself following the beautiful plants aligned with the steps in layers. Whoever designed this home, wanted to make it appealing to the eye. The home itself was creamy coloured that was well fitted to the greys, the modern designed roof in the colour of a rusty brown as was the outline of the house. She was just about to knock on the big wooden doors when it swung open revealing an elderly man of his early 50s dressed in a stylish black suit standing in the door. "Miss Greene," he said as he stood to the side so that she could come in, "Mr Bewley is expecting you, please follow me." As she followed the butler out to the back of the house she looked over the beauty of modern white sofas, breath taking art pieces and light wooden floors, but what really caught her eyes was the huge glass cubit-wall that was filled with witch seemed to be hundreds of photos. Photos of Charlie and friends, family and all the places he had travelled, she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw him on the steps of the Great Wall of China and many other well-known city signatures. Finley walking out into the back yard, Ashley found her breath disappear on her. An even bigger garden surrounded her with a magnificent swimming pool welcoming her in the distance, with the tropical blue sea waters of LA seen beyond, a glass dining table was set up next to the pool under a huge umbrella. Seated at the head of the table with his back to them was Charlie. "Mr Bewley," the butler said as they neared the table, "Miss Greene has arrived." "William," Charlie said as he found his feet, dropping his napkin on the table, "we had this conversation, my father is Mr Bewley, to you I'm just Charlie." "Of cause Sur…" William said as Charlie turned around to face them. Like always he was dressed to empress, with a grey suit and a white buttoned shirt. "Please Ash," Charlie said as he gestured to a pillow cover chair at the table, were an extra set of plate was found, "sit, have breakfast with me." He said smiling that angel like smile Ashley loved so much. Hesitating for a second, Ashley smiled at the idea as she took in the seat, after all she was starving. "Did you sleep well?" Charlie asked as William placed down a plate of pancakes in front of Ashley. "Yes thank you Sur…" she said as she looked down at it, it was filled with eggs and bacon with fresh strawberry's on the side and a glass of juice. Nodding Charlie started were he had left off with his breakfast, "Ash I'm going to cut strait to the point… I'm leaving for London tomorrow on business and I need you to accompany me…" "For how long will we be leaving?" she asked a bit taken aback by the order. "It's hard to tell, 2 weeks, maybe 3." He said finding her eyes "But what about the office and all your appointments, Sur?" Ashley asked as she hoped to get out of it… somehow spending n week or two alone with Charlie in London scared the hell out of her. "Well that's why I called you here this morning, I need you to move all my appointments for when I return and when we are in London all calls will be forwarded to your PDA," he said as he pushed a silver PDA into her direction, "That way you will have my office in the palm of your hand." "Oh…" was all she managed to get out as she picked up the little device. "Ash, " Charlie said finding her eyes again as he lowered the rim of his glass from his lips, "I need you to have it on you at all times, my personal number is on speed dial, number 1." "Yes Sur." "Our plain leaves first thing tomorrow morning, can you be ready by then?" "Yes Sur, but what would I need for the two weeks…" "Just your day planer and the Laptop given to you yesterday." He said simply. "Very well…" she said a bit disappointed, She knew that she had been the one to tell him that she wanted him to act professionally, but he almost seemed harsh… "Well eat up," he said smiling, which had her taking her thoughts back at once… AN: Okay so this is a hard one, I love the idea of them as a couple and I have a few Ideas fore there trip to London, but the rest is still a bit fuzzy, so please bear with me for the updates .