attention. Behind them, the small car was engulfed in flames. The light of the fire reflected off their faces before Carlisle turned back to Jo's leg now that it was wrapped in a tournequet. "The glass is in quite deep," Carlisle told them gently touching around it yet not touching the glass itself. "She'll have to have surgery to have it removed." "She'll live?" Sam asked. Carlisle nodded. "But the sooner she gets the hospital the better. I'm not only concerned about her leg but also a possible concussion. We have to keep her awake until I can get her there." In the distance, they could hear sirens and lights reflecting down the road. When Carlisle looked back at Jo, he saw that her eyes had closed. "No," he gasped, reaching for her pulse, finding that it was racing. "Jo, you can't sleep," Sam stated loudly as the ambulance came to a stop by the road. He shook her shoulders. Emmett had raced towards the EMS and gestured to where they were as the fire in the car ragged on. "Wake up!" Jacob jolted awake and opened his eyes. He blinked once, then twice, taking in his surroundings. He was almost certain that he had phased back to human before falling asleep, but aparantly he hadn't. It was still night. He looked up at the dark sky and saw the northern lights dancing across the horizon. Laying his head back down on the grassy patch near a small river, he closed his eyes once again. Jacob couldn't remember the last time he had slept so well. He had been running for days through the Northwest Territories until he found that he couldn't run any further. He had to rest. Jacob couldn't remember the last time he had phased back to human form. It could have been days for all he knew. As odd as it was to admit, he felt more comfortable being on four legs. His problems and issues in life didn't seem as big to him. It was also a nice relief to not have the pack in his head all the time. Their complaining about his odd infatuation with a certain young woman who clearly didn't want to be with him and instead wanted a vampire, aggrevated him to no end. Now, on his own he could wallow in his own self-pity. Bella. She was constantly in his thoughts. But oddly enough, the pain in his chest had dimished to a dull ache. It had been a good couple of months since he left home and he knew that he had missed the wedding. As much as he hoped he was wrong, he predicted that there was a very good chance that by now, she'd no longer be human. She would now be considered his natural enemy. It made him sick to his stomach. But he also realized that she had made her choice and there wasn't anything he could have done to change it. She had chosen 'him'. The wind direction changed slightly and blew over the water of the river before coming ashore. It blew through his thick russet fur, and he inhaled when his keen nose caught the scent. It certainly wasn't the sickly scent of a vampire nor was it from any of his pack members. It wasn't like anything he had smelled before. It was refreshing and enticing; a mixture of cucumber and sweet melon. Jacob closed his eyes and took a deep breath as the wind blew over him once again. 'Jacob.' His human eyes shot open upon hearing a voice speak his name in his dream. Yet, he was alone and he most certainly had phased to human, as he thought he had. It was simply a dream. As his mind thought back to the unusual dream he just had, he remembered that voice and that smell. He didn't recognize it at all. Jacob ran his hand through his dark hair, finding that it had grown to a considerable length since he had left. It hung haphazardly over his eyes. Still, that voice remained in his head. He stood up and made his way towards the bank of the river to wash his face. He wondered what the hell was going on. Perhaps he had been alone for too long and was starting to hear things. This was something that he'd most certainly have heard from one of his father's stories over the years. But he couldn't recall any such instances. Thinking of Billy made him feel guilty for leaving the man high and dry without someone to look after him. For the first time since he had left, Jacob realized how selfish he had been to just take off like he had. Billy had always supported him and had been there for him when he had come home in a fevered state and was panicking when he didn't realize what was going on with him. His father was probably worried sick about him. The wind blew once again and he inhaled. That scent still existed in his memory. It truly was just a dream, yet he wished to God that it wasn't. It was comforting and oddly enough he found that it aided in dimishing the pain in his chest. If the spirits were trying to comfort him and give him hope, it was working. Perhaps it was sign. A sign to him that Bella was all right and hadn't been turned into a vampire. And maybe, just maybe she hadn't gotten married. Jacob stood up along the bank of the river and closed his eyes. The feeling within him was strange and he hadn't felt it before today. It was as though something within him had turned on; an internal compass. It was telling him where to go. It wasn't just a desire. It was a desperation and as much as it scared him, it thrilled him. He knew where he was being directed to go. La Push