about his question set the hairs at the back of her neck on end. "I'm not alone," she lied. "I've gone for a run, but I'll be heading home soon." Gunnar smiled. "And where is home?" Leah was stumped. She no longer knew how to answer that question. "Gunnar, you scare her," Eira chided, mistaking Leah's confusion for wariness. "It's okay," Leah interjected, determined to get back on the front foot. "You're the Alpha?" she asked Gunnar. "Alpha?" he repeated. "Yeah. The boss, the big kahuna, the leader." His mischievous smirk was back. "Oh yes. For my group of twelve, I am the chief." "How many women do you have in your group?" Leah pressed. Gunnar's gaze flicked to Eira before settling back on Leah. "Just one. As you are probably aware, female wolves are rare unless there is an army necessary to fight the Draugr." "Draugr?" "You call them vampires," Eira explained, topping up their glasses. "How many women do you have in your group?" Gunnar asked, leaning forward. That nervous feeling prickled in Leah's stomach again. Gunnar was scary in his intensity. "Just me." "Just you?" Gunnar stroked his beard thoughtfully. "And yet your leader let you go off on your own?" "He's got an imprint to manage. I'm not high on the priority list right now," Leah was unable to hide the bitterness in her voice. "Imprint?" Eira enquired. Leah bit her lip. "Yeah an imprint is like a mate, the other half of your soul." Eira and Gunnar shared a look. "Your leader did not take you for a mate?" Eira came to sit next to her, obviously curious. Leah scowled. The last thing she wanted to be doing right now was discussing her tragic love life. "Forgive my intrusion," Eira went on. "It's just that we are so unusual - Gunnar and I – in that we never mated." Leah raised an eyebrow. Why exactly was that weird? Gunnar was good looking, but he was also plenty creepy. If that didn't do it for Eira, Leah couldn't really blame her . Eira interpreted Leah's gesture as an invitation to continue. "As the leading female, my place is traditionally by Gunnar's side... but before we all embraced the wolf, I was very much in love with Gunnar's younger brother, Bjarke. Out of respect for Bjarke, Gunnar never pressed his claim. It is a little odd, but as Gunnar and I will never be beholden to mate-magic it was a choice we were able to make. I worried that the gods would use their magic to select another for Bjarke, but we have lived a very isolated existence to avoid that very outcome." Leah gaped at Eira, trying to make sense of what she was saying. The words swum in circles around her head over and over until she finally found a way to filter them. "I think what you call mate-magic is what we call 'imprinting'. It happens the first time a wolf sees his predestined mate. After that, she is the only thing that matters and he would do anything for her." Even leave a fiancé or spend an endless amount of time in high school. Eira crinkled her brow. "Yes. That is the meaning of mate-magic. But didn't you say your Alpha imprinted?" Leah sighed. "Yes. He did. On a girl when she was an hour or two old." "Alphas don't imprint," Gunnar retorted. "That's why Eira and I could spare Bjarke from pain." Leah jumped to her feet. "Listen buddy. There are two packs where I come from and both Alphas freaking imprinted . It happened. I was there!" Gunnar slowly raised himself from the ground, dipping his head so that he was staring right at Leah. "You are foolish, but that is not unexpected given your youth. You clearly know less than nothing. A true Alpha is free. No mate-magic can sway him. An imprinted Alpha is a false Alpha. To be chief of wolves you must be the first-born son of the last chief of wolves or his descendents." He brought a hand to her collarbone, brushing the blanket aside so that it hung at her shoulder. "If you cannot find a wolf leader to claim you Leah, I would be willing to take you for myself." Leah shivered under Gunnar's heated gaze. There was something oddly compelling about him. Despite all her suspicions, he was one of two people in her lifetime that had been able to affect her so greatly with eyes alone. That comparison, that similarity, drew her mind to the other one . The boy with the big brown eyes. Leah forgot to breathe as a million loose thoughts reordered themselves in her mind. An imprinted Alpha is a false Alpha . She phased and Gunnar stepped backwards in shock. Eira called to her but she was already running, her paws thundering against the ground. To be chief of wolves you must be the first-born son of the last chief of wolves or his descendents . She hadn't known – none of them had known - but suddenly Leah attached new meaning to those longing looks and hopeful caresses that she had dismissed so offhandedly so many years ago. There was only one unimprinted person whose origins were a mystery – a sweet boy with an unspecified Quileute ancestry. Leah heard Gunnar and Eira trailing behind her and she surged ahead. She had always been the fastest wolf. She guided her lean body into a nearby shallow creek to obscure her tracks, never letting up her pace. One word, one thought, drove her faster and faster as it repeated on an endless loop in her mind. Embry . / / / A/N: If you review, both Gunnar and Embry will give you kisses! This is a one-shot for now, but I have a multi-chapter story in mind. Let me know if you would be interested in a longer fic as you might be able to convince me!