we come to it. Edward has his own money. He could afford to buy his own house if he wanted to. For the immediate future it would probably be wise for him to get a hotel room somewhere nearby. I'm assuming that your father will not be staying out all weekend?" "No... He'll be home later this evening..." "You should probably try to orchestrate a 'sleepover' with Alice, and keep Edward company at the hotel." That could work. I knew there was no way I could leave Edward alone in the state he was in, but I also couldn't imagine how I'd keep him hidden away in my room without Charlie noticing. The sleepover idea would work for tonight, but I was going to have to come up with something for the following night. I was grateful it was still summer break. Considering how Edward had reacted to being in the room with Carlisle's thoughts, I couldn't even imagine how difficult it would be for his human mind to handle a school full of people. "Bella," Carlisle interrupted my thoughts. I looked back up at him. "Can you think of anything unusual that happened last night? Anything at all? Even yesterday during the day. Whatever triggered this could have taken time to kick in." I looked at the floor, searching my thoughts for anything strange... nothing. I shook my head sadly. "I can't think of anything that was weird... I wasn't with Edward all day though." "Try to talk to him about it some when the two of you are alone and he's had some time to calm down a little. See if he can recall anything odd or out of place. Ask him if he hunted yesterday... perhaps he ingested something.... Anything at all. Just let me know." I nodded, my mind still distant, trying to pinpoint anything from the previous day that could be construed as 'unusual' from our usual unusual. "Edward has my cell number, and he should still have his phone with him. Keep it with the two of you and call me the moment anything happens. If Edward is feeling up to it, maybe he can give me a call himself a little later. I would like to hope he'll manage talking with me better if I'm not physically in the room with him." "Ok,." I finally said after a moment. I glanced back up the stairs over my shoulder, worried about leaving Edward alone for so long. "I'm going to head out now and run a few tests on the blood sample. I'll call Edward's number right away if I find anything." He put his hand on my shoulder. The cool feel of it was soothing and I sighed. "Take care... both of you," he said, before turning and heading out the door. I stood there in silent shock for a moment, still completely lost as to what to do. How should I to handle this? But then I knew what I needed to be doing; I needed to be with Edward. He needed me now more than ever; I was the only one who could comfort him at all right now. I ran back up the stairs and through the door to find him sitting on the edge of my bed hunched over, his head down in his hands. My heart broke for him. "I'm horrible," he said as I slowly entered the room. "What? No you're not. What are you talking ab-" "Bella... please... You know what I'm talking about. I can't believe I behaved so appallingly." "Edward, Carlisle understands... it's not something you could really control." "You're never like that around them..." "Well, I think we already established that I'm a freak among humans." He scoffed lightly, still not raising his head from his hands. "I know... I KNOW that Carlisle would never... I know it. But I still couldn't... I was just so... so terrified Bella... I... I don't recall ever feeling fear like that. Ever." He shook his head in his hands. "Well..." I walked over and sat on the bed behind him, stretching my arms out over him and hugging his back to me. "For being so horribly afraid, I'd say you handled it pretty well. "Pfft." He shook his head again but released his face from his hands. He let them trail down and grab hold of my own arms that were wrapped around his torso. He leaned back into me and let out a long slow sigh. "This is nice," he said, after a long pause. I looked at him, surprised, but I didn't say anything. He took a deep breath and let out another slow sigh, leaning his head back, resting it against my shoulder. He looked almost peaceful there. It was all so surreal. After another minute of silence I finally thought of something that needed saying. "Carlisle thinks that it'd be a good idea for us to get a hotel for the night." His eyes popped open and he stared at me in surprise. Suddenly it occurred to me what other meanings that sentence could have and I felt the blush fly over my face. "I aahh... I mean, so you have somewhere to stay. I'm not sure I can hide you here when Charlie gets home, and Carlisle didn't think you'd be comfortable going home at all...." He shot me that wonderful crooked grin of his and I couldn't help but smile back. "I'm gonna tell Charlie that I'm spending the night with Alice." I continued, still blushing a bit in embarrassment. "That way I can come with you. I... I still don't know what we'll do for tomorrow night, but I guess we can try and figure that out at the hotel..." A/N – Firstly thanks to Athey, everything you just read was hers, everything from now on though is mine! Press the green button and tell me – what's the first thing you think Edward would do as newly human?