ruined forever, there was more to his existence than Bella. He remembered what it was like when his mother died. He wouldn't knowingly make any of his friends or family suffer like that. "I get where you're coming from, believe me. I've lost everything too – but Seth and Sue already had to deal with losing your father. Do you think they'd cope with losing you too? It would destroy them!" Leah frowned. "Maybe you could just rough me up really badly then. Enough that I won't be healed by the wedding. Emily would have to back off if I was oozing pus and blood and on crutches." Jacob felt his mouth quirk a little at the edges. Leah was the only girl he knew who would ever want a beating over being a bridesmaid. He clapped his hand over his mouth in surprise. It was the first time he had smiled in days. Leah mistook the gesture. "Come on, you know that we heal anyway. I'm asking you to do it. It's not like you'd be a woman-beater or anything." "How about I think about it?" Jacob said carefully. "We've got two days, if you still feel the same way right before the wedding then maybe I can think of something." "Whatever," Leah said sullenly. "Leah," Jacob said, steeling his resolve and bringing his hand to the side of her face. "Is there anything I can do for you, anything at all that doesn't involve inflicting bodily harm?" Leah met his gaze sadly. "Nope. Not unless you can think of how to stop Sam bossing me around." Suddenly she gasped and clapped her hand over Jacob's own palm on her cheek. "Jake! Jake you could do that!" She was gripping him tightly now, excitement shining in her eyes. "What are you talking about woman?" She really was impossible to follow. "You could step up. Be Alpha-" "No! No way Leah!" Jacob interrupted her. "I don't want to be Alpha. I'd be hopeless at it. I'm not saying Sam's doing a great job at the moment, but what he's doing is ten times what I could. It's a good thing that we walk around half naked because I have struggled to dress myself this week. You're the only person in the pack who can bear to share thoughts with me and I think you'll agree it's not pretty. I can't be a leader right now. Probably not ever, but definitely not now ." Leah began to shake. He watched her convulsing and realised that thinking of a solution and having it taken away so quickly had pushed her over the edge. He grabbed her and threw her away from the cliff face moments before she phased, shredding her shorts and shirt as she did. Jacob tossed off his own cutoffs and felt the ripple as he took on wolf form. Paws racing on the ground, he headed north knowing that Leah would run south. You two are early , Quil said. Out of my head paedophile , Leah snarked. Take an early mark to look at some kiddy porn . Jacob felt Quil's annoyance, coupled with the thought that he could make it to Neah Bay to visit Claire if he left now. Bye Jake. Enjoy patrolling with the bitch ,Quil thought as he phased out. You guys okay ? Embry was not as easily distracted as Quil. Yeah bro, just peachy . Jacob tried to keep his thoughts away from Leah's suicidal mind and crying fit by singing the most annoying song he could think of. Why are you reciting the lyrics to "99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall?" Time to phase out Em , Jacob ignored his question. He knew that his friends were surprised by how unpleasant he was recently. They didn't seem to understand that his misery over Bella seeped into every single moment. Embry phased leaving Jacob alone with Leah. She was emitting the same buzz of rage that ordinarily paralysed the others. Jacob let it wash over him. I am sorry, Leah. Spineless piece of shit , she roared at him. I meant what I said about considering helping you out with a broken leg or two though , Jacob tried to placate her. If you're too gutless to be Alpha, how the hell you gonna break any part of me, Black ? She was setting a cracking pace as she distanced herself from him. Maybe it was because she was leaner than the rest of them, but she often seemed faster than the wind. She carried herself differently too. Jacob felt a wave of pride flow through Leah, having heard his thoughts. He tried to send her visuals of specific times when she had done something impressive. Nice try but I'm not an idiot. You still owe me some assault and battery seeing as you're too pussy to help me out the only way you can as a pacifist . I don't owe you jack Clearwater. Bet Bella's enjoying fucking Cullen right now. Jiggling right on his shiny ice-cold cock. Jacob let out a roar. He knew she was trying to goad him into hurting her, but he wasn't sure if he could stop himself from actually murdering her if she hit him with those sorts of thoughts. He turned around to follow her. I'm going to make you wish you were never born , he yelled. Already there Black, already there . Jacob seized at the most obvious response to Leah's jibe about Bella. Emily would never say something so purposefully hateful . He tried to snatch the thought back but Leah heard the words just as Jacob himself was regretting them. Leah, I'm sorry , he thought. God I seem to spend all our time together apologising . Leah? Jacob slowed as he processed Leah's silence. She was sniffing the edge of a tree carefully. He could feel the exact moment when she realised what she had scented. Vampire .