laptop, and a house phone. I looked to Charlie, with a raised eyebrow. "The decorating lady said, you would like this, you like purple, right?" He said questioning his motives. I nodded, "Purple's… cool." He huffed and turned to me. "Uh, I gotta' go, there's a council meeting upon your arrival, so you won't mind staying home on your own for a couple of hours, huh?" He asked. "Council meeting," I said confused. "Yeah, a council meeting, things changed Bells. Forks, isn't the same anymore." With that Charlie left me alone in the house. I was left alone with thoughts harboring my mind. Council meeting? Why would there be a council meeting upon my arrival? The questions swarmed around my head as I unpacked. It was getting late I looked at the clock on my bedside table to see that it was 9:02 pm. I decided it was time to start dinner. I went downstairs to the kitchen starting on dinner. I had made tacos, when Charlie came through the door looking gruff. I gasped at his haggard appearance. "Dad!" I said running over to his limping form. I threw his arm over my shoulders and walked him to the kitchen table setting him down. He crouched over laying his head on the table. "Dad, what happened?" I asked frantically checking him for any injuries. He looked up and shook his head. "I'm fine Bells, just get me some water" He said gruffly laying his head back down onto the table. I quickly went to the refrigerator grabbing a cold water bottle, handing it to him. He grabbed it downing it all down in one swig. I was slightly disgusted as I thought where was his gag reflex? He swallowed loudly and sighed in relief. "Are you going to tell me what the hell happened to you?" I asked slightly annoyed that my father wasn't worried about his health at the moment. He just waved his hand in front of his face as if saying, everything's fine. "Whatcha' cookin'?" He asked changing the subject. I just rolled my eyes and told him I was cooking tacos. He nodded and laid his head back down on the table. I went back into the kitchen with more questions beating my head in causing a small headache to form. What is with Charlie? What the hell happened to him, he looks like something attacked him? I brought the tray of taco shells and the meat with sour cream, tomatoes, and the salad bits for the self-made tacos. Charlie grabbed two taco shells and filled it with meat and sour cream. I did the same except I added some tomatoes and salad. We ate in silence soon forgetting the predicament we were in earlier. After we finished I took the dishes to the sink and cleaned them, and coming back to the table to clean it off. "That was good Bells," He said patting his stomach. I blushed and gave him a quiet thank you. He got up, "Well I'm headed off to bed," He said limping to the stairs. I looked at him with concern and softly asked, "Dad, you sure you're okay?" He turned back around and looked at me, nodding his head, and then limped back up the stairs to his room. Hearing his door shut, I sighed cleaning up the table and heading off to bed myself. I took a quick shower and pulled some flannel pants and a camisole on. I sighed, as the thoughts of today came sprawling in my head. I moved from Arizona less than twenty-four hours, and already the secrets start. I heard the rain splatter across my window, and the tree next to my window scratch against it. I cried, as the rain came down heavier, crying myself to sleep. I was sitting in a swing bench, the background was white, I looked down at myself, and found myself wearing a white silky gown. I looked up as a searing bright light entered the white room. Soon the light faded to present a beautiful woman, with golden wavy hair going straight down her back, wearing a silky blue gown similar to mine. She was a goddess, her sapphire oceanic eyes staring down at me. I looked at her face completely to see her giving me a gentle smile. I smiled softly back in return, "Who are you?" I questioned in a breathy tone dazzled by her beauty. She walked over to me on the bench and looked down at me like a mother would to a child. She placed her hand on my arm, looked up to me to answer my question. " My name is Marina, goddess of power and knowledge of all things supernatural, my dear. And you are the beautiful Isabella Swan, am I not right," she said her voice luscious and melodious. I gasped at the smooth sound of it as it resounded in my ears. I instantly felt calm. I flushed as I realized that she just called me beautiful. " H-How did you know my name?" I said looking confused. She only chuckled her voice leaving behind a harmonic tune to it. She tapped her in head in recognition reminding me she was the goddess of power and knowledge. " There is something important I must tell you Isabella before you wake up." I leaned in consciously. " There are supernatural beings in this world. You just happened to be in a town where there are a lot of them." I looked confused at her opening my mouth to ask her what she meant, she shook her head, "Let me finish young one." I obliged. " Your future will consist of the supernatural, I am here to prepare of what's to come, dear Isabella. Now I must go Isabella, we will continue this in your next dream," she started fading, "Farewell, Isabella." She said fading away. I was confused. Tell me what you think… Should I continue this?