refill his cup of coffee, taking mine and the vodka bottle with him. "He's one of the Englishman's lackeys. Pretty high up, if I'm not mistaken. A weak one though, he only got where he was because his grandfather was a menace. From what I hear Sam's got some real troubles with him. I'm surprised he hasn't been killed, to be honest. He may be once he hears about today." When he grinned it was wolfish and it showed his perfectly white teeth. Nic had a mean streak as big as the Mediterranean and it could hit anyone at any time. It hadn't been aimed directly at me, yet, and I was thankful, but wondered when it would. It only seemed a matter of time. "But don't change the subject, Bells. Do we have a deal?" He turned to face me, both our cups in his hand. One of his brows were raised, his face set in a stony mask. The nervousness and fear I felt almost made me want to throw-up. The thought of giving away my maidenhood to a seedy drug-dealer or leper had my stomach reeling. "Let me think on it." Nic sighed and placed my cup down on the floor before turning his back on me. His shoulders hunched forward and he suddenly seemed quite small. "You have a month. If you don't accept my offer, I'm going to have to ask you to leave." My cup forgotten, I stood and knocked it into the fire. A portion of it sizzled and popper as it came in contact with the fire, the paper cup catching quickly. "What? Have you forgotten what I did for you?" My teeth were gritted together and I grabbed for Nic's shoulders. He spun around and grabbed my arms, clasping them to my sides. "We've been outta that orphanage for five years now, Isabella. The accident happened seven years ago. I've done more than repay your services. Now, I think, you need to repay mine." I snatched myself out of his arms and took a step back, my eyes searching his face to try and find the man he once was. A few stray tears leaked out my eyes when his resolve never wavered. "Very well then, I'll be out within the month." Nic nodded his head once and went to clean up the coffee that landed on the carpet. I retrieved my scarf and made the assent up the stairs. "Oh, Isabella, what is the fair maiden doing today?" I closed my eyes and reached for the handrail as I passed by the rooms on the second floor. This floor was where all the lowly clients went, the ones who could barely afford food but would save up for a month to enjoy five minutes of fun. "Just going to bed, Jessica." I muttered, starting my walk up to the fourth floor. I heard the trilling laugh of the harlot and her footsteps as she followed behind me. I increased my pace until I felt her hands on the back of my coat, tugging. I turned to face her, my arms crossed over her chest. "What do you want, whore?" She laughed at the venom in my voice, her white makeup cracking and her dry hair swaying. She grinned and her teeth were black. "Tough talk for one about to be kicked out." Now that made me pause and I furrowed my brow. Surely Nic wouldn't have the audacity to tell the whores before speaking to me. In truth, I wasn't sure if I believed that, but I had hope for the man I had saved seven years ago. My pause did seem to give this whore confidence and she strutted closer to me. "You'll be out on the streets and you'll end up like those bodies they keep finding on the road. Victims of the vampire." She smirked and stepped back, smacking her burgundy lips. I shook my head and started walking back up the stairs. "Vampires don't exist, Jessica; you really should know this." I heard her laugh again, but at least she wasn't following me. "Yes they do, Isabella. I had one as a client just last week. You'd have known about it, had you been earning your keep like the rest of us." I closed my eyes for a moment and pictured a million bad things happening to Jessica before I jogged my way up to my bedroom. Despite supposedly having the largest room in the house, it was still just as cold and barren as the rest. I had a bed, an old flimsy mattress thrown on a wire bedframe, and my windows were still mostly intact. I grabbed a package of matches from beside my bed and lit the candle on the wall next to the door, and the one next to the window. The breeze from the outside would put that one out in an hour, but until then I had light. I tucked the matches into my jacket pocket before ripping the old beaten thing off of me and onto the floor. Next were the gloves that had holes where the fingers should be, and then I toed off my soggy boots and put them beneath the window to dry out. I sat down onto my bed, my teeth chattering and my hands shaking. I reached for the woolen blanket and pulled it up to my chin. I had the thing since I arrived at the orphanage as a babe. It was one of two things I had taken with me when I left with Nic. The other was a worn copy of Wuthering Heights, a book I had saved up for and bought when I was eleven. I kept that underneath my mattress, lest any snooping whore would find it. Drained from my day, I did not feel like crying. I simply curled up into a ball and stared out the window, letting the winds and the stars lull me to sleep.