were nice enough, nicer than Charlie and Renee ever were. Carlisle has a soft voice, but Esme seems a little more. . . High maintenance. They act like they understand me, as if they can sympathize with everything I've been through. But they still forget not to touch me and still try to coax me to look at them. They're not being mean, I think, they just really don't understand. But they want to, and that's enough for now. The manor they live in is large and expensive. I've never seen a house so large and beautiful before. I imagine if I'm here long enough, I'll try face my fear of being around people and maybe explore. I want to be better. I didn't realize they already had kids. Teenagers, I should say. They don't show the obvious signs of abuse, not like me, and that gives me a little peace of mind. I still don't trust them, though. Not after everything that's happened so far. Their kids are alright. Alice is sweet and patient. Jasper seems distracted and disinterested, which is fine by me. The less attention I get, the better off I'll be. It's Rosalie and Edward that I'm unsure about. Though I've spent less than ten minutes around them, I feel more uneasy around them than everyone else. I know they don't understand me, and especially Edward, they don't care to. Rosalie thinks it's funny to laugh at me. She thinks I don't notice, or I'm stupid, but I do notice and I'm not stupid. I already know to stay away from Edward. His voice is hard and his eyes are cold. I fear him the most. A glance at the clock tells me that dinner should be ready any second. I fold the notebook closed, tuck the pen on top, and slide it back under the safety of my mattress. I hug my jacket tighter around me, nerves knotting in my stomach. Do I dare go downstairs to eat? My stomach growls at the thought of food. I decide to take my therapists advice and face my fears as much as I can possibly stand, because the truth is, I really do want to be better. I can hear them talking about me before I ever reach the dining room, and I pause to hear what they're saying. "Should I go tell her it's ready?" "Don't push her, Alice. She'll come down when she's ready," Esme answers. "She's fragile, Alice," Rosalie sneers. She's making fun of me. My face flushes and I hate myself for being embarrassed. "Has she said one single word to you?" Edward asks in an accusatory tone. "She doesn't speak," Carlisle defends gently. "Her case worker told us why. It's a tragic story." He's about to tell them all what happened to me, what they did to me, and my heart begins to race. I can't believe my case worker told them at all, that's personal! Unable to stand the thought of everyone knowing the darkest shades of my past, I stride quickly into the room, face flushed red and hands shaking, and stop Carlisle mid-sentence. Everyone looks up, surprised. "Bella," Esme says, standing abruptly. "Please, have a seat. We were just sitting down to eat." She pulls a chair out for me between Alice and Edward, but I'm reluctant to sit. The space between them is small and confined. I lower myself slowly and swallow back the trapped feeling that knots in my throat. I rub my palms on my jeans and remember my therapists advice to just breathe. Slowly. In and out. I breathe. I can feel Edwards boring eyes glaring at me. It makes me uncomfortable. I lower my head, allow my hair to shadow my face, and pick up my fork to eat. The conversation dies for a few minutes, and I welcome the awkward silence. Surprisingly, it is Edward who speaks first. His rough voice startles me and I jump. "How long is she here for?" "Edward, she's sitting right next to you. Don't talk about her like she doesn't exist," Esme scolds. He drops his fork on his plate and rests his elbows on the table in irritation, "Well she fucking acts like she doesn't exist so that's the way I'm going to treat her." "Edward, stop," Alice says softly. "Did you tell her why you're fostering her?" he challenges. I look up briefly, my curiosity getting the better of my fear, but regret it when I see familiar, cold eyes staring back at me. I mentally scold myself and look back at my plate. "Edward, don't–" "The state pays them," he says sharply, looking directly at me and placing his hand on the back of my chair. I look up at his face and feel trapped, like I have no exit. His arm is blocking one way, and Alice is too close on the other side. My hands begin to shake. His words confuse me. Fight or flight begins to set in as the fear takes over and all of my therapy flies out the window. "All you'll see in their eyes are dollar signs. You're nothing to them. They'll get their money and they won't care a lick about you," he says coldly. "Stop it!" "Stop!" Alice and Esme's voices rise to a shrill scream and the sound is madness to my ears. Everyone's arguing now, voices rising higher and higher. My heart begins to race. I close my eyes and try to calm down, but I'm beginning to have a panic attack and struggling to breathe. I open my eyes and see Edward with his hands clasped in his lap, watching everyone argue. "Welcome to the family," he mutters bitterly. Author's Note: So this is a new story I was inspired by while reading through some other fics. I hope you like it so far! Feel free to comment and tell me what you think. Any kind of feedback is greatly appreciated! :)