to one of us in the upcoming year. Isabella, I want that title; it is rightfully mine. I've busted my ass since I was fourteen, for that title. Twenty-two years." He pauses, looking at me and chuckling lowly. "And you're wondering where you come into this, I imagine?" "I am," I admit, not bothering to hide my curiosity. "Here's the catch…my father has made it very clear that he doesn't want to hand over his company to me, a company that I believe, with my entire being, should be mine." My heart drops, because whatever happened between him and his father hurt him deeply. The emotions this man invokes in me are disturbing, I should bolt for the door, but I remain wanting, no needing to know more. "His reasons are parental and not corporate. He has made his verdict very clear, if I can't prove that I can maintain a private life outside of work, he will overlook everything I've done. Overlook the vast, very deep bank account I've made for him, and hand it all over to Emmett." Edward says, pausing to sip on his water. "So, I lied. I told him I was dating. I ended up describing a woman of your appearance. I went to Jasper and complained; he laughed and pulled out a picture of you and Alice. Fuck, I don't know if I had described you because I'd seen the picture before, and you were gorgeous, or if it was a goddamn fate, but Isabella Swan, I wanted you the moment I glazed down on your smile in that photograph." Edward says huskily. "Now here is the sticky part, I normally take very good care of my companion, in trade for a policy of maximum pleasure and minimal bullshit. I am, by principal, a monogamous man. I can be very possessive, very passionate, and very demanding. While under contract with me, you'll be with only me." "Okay." I say weakly, a tad lightheaded from feeling so overwhelmed. The faithful clause will be easy enough. I mean, what man wants to be romantically entangled with a woman with my kind of baggage? "While I also want you for my sexual companion, I'm willing to offer you a unique contract. For my family's sake, and as far as the press is concerned, I need to appear to be settling down; readying myself for a steadfast, long lived relationship with you. At least until after the final verdict rings in on the new CEO, that is. Hopefully, we will be able to pull this off without uprooting each other's lives." "So let me get this straight, while I am to be your very well paid 'companion'," I scoff inwardly at the uppity word for a call-girl - a prostitute, "I am supposed to help you 'fake' a relationship for the public and your family?" I ask seriously, quirking an eyebrow. "Yes." Edward says, nudging the contract toward me. I scan it. It is very clear. My world is to revolve around Edward Cullen; when he beckons, I am to come running. If he is needed for family, business, charity events, vacations, or holidays, I am expected to be his 'date,' along with a few nightly companion appearances a week. Then there is the back story: it appears on paper as if I have been working for Jazz Cosmetics for half a year now. I will receive a regular paycheck on top of what Edward will provide in cash. "It sounds very messy." I say, unsure. It's not as clean cut as Alice promised. I didn't like wanting to sign the damn thing, just to see Edward smile again. "Yes, but the life I can give you, the life I can set you up with, will be well worth it." Edward says confidently. I nod, because it all comes down to the bottom line. I will be set with an honest job once he was 'done' with me, and in the meantime, the boys and I can finally get some distance between us and the bleak negative forty-five in my checkbook. "Even if you decide in a month's time that this won't work for you, you will still have the job at Jazz Cosmetics." Edward murmurs reassuringly. I nod, greatly reassured by his words. I lean forward and sign… Isabella Marie Swan. "Come, Isabella." Edward commands, leading me from his den to another part of his house, a beautiful feminine bedroom. "Strip." Edward orders softly. "I just want to see you tonight." I pull my clothes off under the watchful scrutiny of Edward's green eyes. I stand before him, bare, staring past his shoulder, avoiding eye contact. I brace myself for his warm touch; he moves my head until we lock eyes. "Beautiful." He purrs. His touch is light, gentle even. I close my eyes as he looks me over, a soft caress here, a faint trace of a scar there. My heart races, wondering if he can note the traces motherhood has left on my body. I hear his soft groan. "You are one gorgeous woman." He compliments sweetly, before standing. My eyes blink open, part of me wants to scream that I can't do this, as if he senses my loss of nerve he speaks ."I'll come collect you for breakfast; my parents are going to be here. We're going to act as sweet lovers, pretending we have forgotten about my breakfast plans." Edward explains, before leaving me alone in a room fit for a princess. Author Note Re-posting, after a lot of editing and re-wording. Thank you, Pre-Reader- TeamAllTwilight. You have my word this is a Happily Ever After story, but it will take time and healing to get there. Realistically 54% of rape victims never speak up and 97% of rapist will never spend a day in jail. This isn't an easy topic to approach but I'm writing this from my realistic point of view. But those of you that do like please Review...