filled the room on either side. Charlie stepped into the room and saw Jacob lying prone on the bed, wrapped up like a mummy. Charlie knelt down beside the bed. "Hey Charlie, what are you doing here? I would have thought you would be spending time with Bella, being she is going to be married soon." "That is why I am here, Jake. Bella is gone, son." "Gone? Gone how, Charlie?" "She left, Jake. She left us , Jake." "She left with the Cullens, you mean?" "No, Jake. She left by herself. She asked me not to look for her, Jake, so legally I can't." "But you are going to anyway, right?" Jake croaked, getting more agitated by the second. "Jacob, I think it is best if we leave her be for now. She is in crisis right now and if we push her, she will go completely underground. I am going to give her time, Jake." "But Charlie…" "I know, Jake, okay? I know I always said if my kid went missing, I would look for her, no matter how long it took or how far I had to go, but I am afraid if I do, I will lose her forever. If I just leave her alone, there is a chance she will come back to us one day. I am sorry, Jacob, really sorry," Charlie said as he stumbled out of the room. Seth followed him out. "Charlie, Billy says Bella asked you to return some things to Edward. Can I come with you? I would like to tell Edward goodbye. As Bella is our only common link, it will probably my last chance." "Okay, come on, kid. See you later, Billy. I will be by tomorrow to check on you two." "Be safe, Charlie." Charlie and Seth headed towards the Cullen residence. Parking near the front door, they got out and made their way up the stairs. Charlie knocked on the door and Alice answered. "Charlie," Alice exclaimed. "Where is Bella?" "What do you mean, Alice," Charlie asked. "I meant, is Bella with you?" Alice covered up quickly. "No, she is not, Alice. Is Edward here?" "Yes, of course, Charlie. Come in." "Charlie, I will wait out here, until you are done with Edward," Seth supplied. Alice closed the door behind Charlie and went to get Edward, but she appeared behind Seth within minutes. "Where is she, Seth?" she asked. "Don't you know, Alice?" "No, Seth, I don't. She disappeared from my vision last night when she reached La Push, so I assumed she stayed the night, but she didn't, did she?" "No, she came and saw Jacob, then left. We didn't know she was gone until Charlie showed up at Billy's." "Damn, that means she is blocking my visions somehow." "So you can't tell where she is or where she is going." "No, and THAT is a problem." "Why?" "It is a long story, Seth, and Charlie and Edward are headed this way. Carlisle will be by later and explain." With that, she was gone back around the house. The door opened and Charlie and Edward walked out onto the porch. "Again, Edward, I am sorry." "Thanks for coming, Charlie." After Charlie and Seth left the Cullens', Charlie took Seth home and basically camped out on Sue's sofa for the rest of the week. Seth found out about the Volturri from Carlisle and about how they expected Bella to be turned by her next birthday. Carlisle was concerned that even though Alice could not see her and she was immune to most vampire powers, her blood still carried a powerful scent and that alone put her in danger. Jacob was healed and had phased for the first time the day his letter came. He had listened to her message every day since he had first heard it. He even let the pack hear it once, but when he saw the letter, he took it in his bedroom and shut the door. Sitting on his bed, he carefully took the letter out and sniffed the paper. It still smelled like her. He missed that smell, so much it hurt. He ran his hand over the words before lying on his stomach and reading. My Dearest Jacob, First, I have to say I am sorry, so sorry I can't say this to you in person, but if I do you and I both know if I do, you will never let me leave. I LOVE YOU, Jacob Ephriam Black, with everything that I am and that is why I have to leave. I can't marry Edward and if I stay here, the Volturri will come to Forks again and kill the Cullens and everyone attached to me. I have hurt the people in my life enough with my stupid choices and now, in order to live, I must pay the biggest price I will ever pay and leave you, Charlie, Billy, and the Pack behind. I will live a life, not the one I should be living but for you, my sun, I will live. Take care of Billy and Charlie for me and know I so wish I could be there with the three of you. My life will be forever cloudy without you in it, my sun. Smile every day for me. Find your imprint and love her the way you loved me. Every day I see the sun, I will remember your beautiful face and your comforting warmth. Please be happy, My Jacob, and never forget who you are, no matter what is to come. Be careful. Forever Yours, Bells P.S. Tell Paul Thank you Jacob placed the letter back in the envelope and placed it into his leather thong, vowing as he did so that he would not stop looking for her until he found her. He needed to see her smile again, but until then, he would keep her words close to his heart. He got up and went to find Paul.