She said fighting the tears. "Don't Bells, don't cry." "I won't." She whispered sucking in a deep breath as she reached for his hand across the table. "Why now. Why me?" "Because Bells some of my happiest memories are with you and I wanted that meal to make me happy again instead of sad." "I wished I remembered more of us." "Me too. Then maybe you wouldn't have disappeared for so long after you came back." "I am sorry Jake.." "No Bells. I am sorry. I could have tried harder." "Well let's try harder now." "Sure, sure." "Tell me about us as kids." "Well I told ya about the mudpies." "Only that we made them." "Yeah right there on First Beach just about every summer." Mom would load the four of us up in the car and we would sit there and play in the mud near the tidepools while she let Rach and Becks explore." "I remembered her today." "Who, Mom?" "Yeah when Sam brought me to your house I could see it as if it was happening right before me." "Wait, Sam brought you to my house?" "Yep, why?" "No reason, go on." "Your Dad was throwing me in the air and I was giggling and you were sitting on the steps with her waiting your turn." "Yeah I remember when he used to do that. We all loved it but Rach and Becks had to go first but you know what I remember the most." "What?" "How beautiful you were when you giggled and smiled." Anything Bella would say in response was cut off by the waitress bring their food. Bella ate her fill and then watched Jacob as he inhaled his and what was left of hers before looking up at her with a chocolatey, sunny grin. "You ready Bells?" He asked completely oblivious to his appearance "How about you clean up first." She said as she handed him a napkin. "Sorry." He said as he wiped his mouth. "Better?" He asked with another smile. "Yep." "Let's go." Jake waited while Bella paid and gave the waitress her tip. He help her back into the truck and set off for La Push once more. He kept his free hand laced with hers the entire way. "Jake you think we could go to the beach?" She asked as they neared La Push. "Sure Honey I don't see why not." He drove straight for the beach pulling up near the tidepools they had spent so much of their childhood summers around. He help her navigate the mud and rocks as he took her on walk down memory lane. Never once did he let go of her hand His firm steady grip was a reminder of the childhood she had forgotten. The trips to the tidepools with just he and Sarah, sand dollars and starfish, and childhood kisses with the dark haired boy he was. The boy she had forgotten. The boy she had loved. Another memory popped in her head. "I love you Jakey. I don't wanna go back to mommy. I wanna stay here." "I love you too Bells. I will love you forever and ever." Her steps faltered and caused Jake to turn around to see the tears that were now streaming down her face. The force of the memory so powerful it shook her to her core. "Bells?" He said as he pulled her towards him. "How could I have forgotten Jake?" "What Bells?" "Us...all of it. My entire childhood here?" "I don't know but it is okay." "No, no it's not I want to remember." "I want to remember why you love me. Tell me why Jake." Jake sighed. "It is better if I show you. Come on Bells." He took them back to the little red house and took her to his bedroom. There under his bed he pulled out two photo albums and a box and as the snow fell outside he showed her pictures of them being children, playing and smiling. Always having a firm grip on one another's hands. In the box there were sand dollars and starfish, and ticket stubs of the movies they went to with his mom. At the very bottom was a dried sprig of mistletoe. She picked it up and held it for him to see. "What is this?" "This is the sprig of mistletoe where you first kissed me. It is the first thing I ever remember. I mean really remember. It was your last Christmas here before this one. My mom saved it for us because she was convinced we would be together and she wanted us to have it so whenever I was missing you which I did most of the time we would pulled it out and and she would say one day she will be back to kiss you again under the mistletoe my darling son and then she will never leave you again." The realization of the meaning of the mistletoe that hung in the hallway next to his room hit her like a ton of bricks. Even after all she had done to him he still had hope that she would be back to kiss him under that mistletoe and just like that all thought of Edward fled her mind and her heart and without a word she stood up and took the mistletoe down from it's perch and walked over to his bed, holding it over his head. She bent down and placed and sweet hot kiss on his lips. "I love you Jacob and I won't ever leave you again." "I love you too, Bells Forever and ever. As the snow fell gently outside Jacob's bedroom window they shared kisses and memories until they fell asleep amid the pictures and trinkets. Their memories fallen around them like snowflakes as they slept And that is how Charlie and Billy found them wrapped in each others arms hands tightly bound to one another and a sprig of mistletoe.