I'm met with visions of what my life would be like without him. Without feeling him there to touch me, to hold me. Without ever feeling him inside of me again. With every thrust I scream his name and he palms my breasts in his hands, and with every thrust I capture his lips in mine, as I remember what we used to be. Nessie & Jake…best friends and soul mates. We slide together without resistance, without obstacles. He sits up in the bed and roll so I'm in his lap, and latches on to my neck with his lips as his thrusts get quicker, harder, and deeper. Tension builds in his muscles while I caress him, and he stares at me, wild-eyed, sides heaving with each breath. I bring my hand to his face, rubbing at the sheen of sweat on his cheek before pulling him tight against me. "Jake." I gasp and I repeat his name as he kisses my throat, almost bruising in his hunger, and his rigid control finally snaps with a sound like a sob. "Bella!" He cries out her name and feverishly kisses every part of my skin that he can put his mouth to. Bitterness taints the satisfaction as I climax. / He kisses me again as soon as his movement inside me begin to slow, and continues after we're both lying still for several minutes. When his mouth finally leaves my skin, I try to move into a position that feels less exposed, shivering without his warmth. My body refuses to obey, every muscle trembling and protesting when I try to move away. I close my eyes and wait till he gets up. I try to find something to focus on other than the cold where his body was, or the urge to curl up around myself. I say nothing for a long time. When he kisses me again, it's tentative-no more than a soft touch of his lips against mine, until I push him away. "Don't," I murmur when he starts to speak. "Please." There would be no enduring it if he spoke. The hurt that shadows my eyes keeps him quiet. The familiar warmth of his arms is still comforting, filling a need I've suffered in the recent months, other than in the first moments after waking alone from nightmares. And letting him hold me is simpler than giving him room to say things that would hurt me. "I have to go," I say, as I untangle myself from his arms. "I have to go," she repeats, trying to pull myself together. "I'm sorry." He says. "Don't worry, I'm not crazy enough to think this means you'll love me," I mumble with barely restrained anger. "Don't ask me to do this again," he says, staring straight ahead at the picture of him and my mom he has framed against the wall. "I won't." I don't have the strength to sharpen the words against him, and he continues as if I hadn't spoken. "I can't deny you…not when you know you're my" he can't say the word. What word would he have used? Imprint Soul mate Destiny "And I can't do this." He looks at me pained. I'm trapped between the need to escape and the longing to hold him. I nod my heart pounding too quickly for the weight bearing down on it. Jacob comes and stands beside me, close enough to touch. "Was it worth it?" he asks. "Yes." The reply comes easily while I hug myself. Yes, those precious moments when he was mine, when he was touching me. His next words are almost too soft to make out. "I'll miss you, Nessie" "Goodbye, Jake," I say, giving him back the bracelet he gave me when I was younger. I had never taken it off. It was my last physical connection to him. The only thing of his that was mine and mine alone. I sigh. "I wish that was enough," I say, heading for the door. "So do I," he whispers, so low I almost didn't hear him. "Nessie," he calls. I freeze. "If you ever do meet someone special, take a shot at it will you? Don't keep waiting for me." he says. "I'll try..." I feel my heart breaking. This meant nothing to him. Everything that had happened between us meant nothing to him. Everything I thought I meant to him- everything he meant to me- is worthless- because I'm worthless to him. I mean nothing to him. I have to leave before anything happens, before I say something I'll regret. "I'm so sorry," he says. His voice is hard and level, not a hint of doubt. "Don't be," I say. A small part of me wants to throw myself at him and beg her to change his mind- but the most of me just wants to leave. "It was nothing," my voice shakes. I leave before he can say anything else. / When I meet Leah at the airport, she takes one look at me, takes in my messy appearance and pulls me in for a hug. "I'm sorry, honey" she says. I shake my head. "It was nothing," I repeat to myself. Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing…. "I was just fooling myself," I say aloud. Leah opens her mouth to say something. "Don't," I beg. "Not right now," She nods. "Okay," As the plane pulls away I take one last gaze out the window. I let a single tear fall from my eye. "Goodbye, Jacob Black," I whisper. / "True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love never ends. Letting go is one way of saying I love you." – Unknown / Author's note: This is my version of what happened after Breaking Dawn. I wanted to prove that not everyone's story had a happy ending. I might write a sequel after I finish my other stories. Please review and let me know you're thoughts. Constructive criticism welcome. Flames are not!