I worked. "You don't have to thank me Jessica. You just focus on tonight." Alice winked and Jess blushed. "Consummating the marriage is the best part of the whole experience." Bella said and Alice, Ness and Rose nodded. I just smiled and when I was done, her hair fell in curls down her back. I was going to miss her. And when she came back, she would be Mrs. Jessica Denali. She had gotten so emotional when she, Kate and Nahuel had gone and worked out all the paperwork for her. She had come into the house tears streaming down her face as she showed me her brand new ID that had her new last name on it. She hugged us all one last time as Noell and Shelby took pictures. When we walked out everyone applauded as Nahuel took her hand and they went to say good bye to the twins one last time. "More cake?" Emmett asked me. He held a huge slice of cake on a plate. "If I eat one more thing I'll explode." I said as he held the chocolate cake tantalizingly in front of me. "But it looks so good." I said as he grinned. He took it away then, promising to save it for me. Jess came back with Karissa and Noah holding each of her hands. We were all outside now ready to see them off. "Take care of yourself." I said hugging her tightly. "I promise. Make sure Karissa doesn't eat another hair tie. Or that Noah doesn't eat more than he's supposed to." "We'll take great care of them. Remember what Bella said. Just focus on consummating your marriage." She laughed as Karissa tugged on my dress. "Remind me to tell you that when you leave for your honeymoon." I smiled a few tears falling onto my cheeks. I always got emotional at weddings. They walked to their car amidst a shower of rice, flower petals and confetti. Noah and Karissa watched their Mommy leave with huge smiles. They didn't know she'd be gone for three weeks. We all applauded as they drove slowly past us off to have a wonderful time in Rio. When the car was nothing but a speck in the distance, we headed back inside to make sure the cleaning crew was doing okay. Alice sent the rest of us home and promised that she'd be home shortly. When we got home, it was raining buckets. The kiddos weren't even tired. They raced around the living room as I headed upstairs to change out of my dress. Noell followed still proudly holding the bouquet. "I feel so out of the loop!" she complained following me into the room Carlisle and I shared. "I'm the only one not engaged or married. Why?" She threw herself onto the bed still in her dress. "Give it time Noell. It'll happen before you know it." She smiled and nodded. "You're right. Sorry." She had nothing to be sorry for. She wanted to be engaged. I will admit it was fun having the title of Fiancee! It was exciting and always made me smile. When Lane and Lyndie had found out about it, they'd cried copiously for two hours. I knew that tomorrow would begin my official preparations for my wedding. I knew that the dress was priority. Along with picking the bridesmaids dresses. It was all beginning to sound so exciting. I didn't want to make Carlisle and Alice pay for an overly expensive dress. I knew Carlisle would let me wear anything I'd wanted. And I do literally mean anything. If I were the kind of girl who wanted the most extravagant dress in the world, he'd let me have it. Even if it was made entirely out of pearls and diamonds. I didn't even know what kind of dress I wanted to wear. It would all be decided eventually. The wedding day was set for August twenty sixth. It was right at the end of the summer. I had already picked my bridesmaids. My maid of honor was Bella, of course. She had been so happy when I'd told her that she was who I wanted. "Hello Belle? Did you hear a word I just said?" I jumped, startled, realizing I had stopped paying attention to Noell. "No, I'm sorry. I sort of got lost in my thoughts." "Of course you did. Come on Belle you can't think about the wedding night just yet! You've got three months to go!" I blushed and went to hang my dress back in the closet. I hadn't thought about that until now. I was being a good girl and blocking those images from my mind. Of course, she had just had to say wedding night and they all flooded in. As I imagined Carlisle and I, our bodies intertwined on a king sized bed, Edward burst through the door a disgusted look on his face. "Belle for the love of all that is mountain lions. Stop thinking about that. Spare me." he emphasized that by grabbing his hair and pulling it. He put his hands over his eyes as I laughed, unable to contain it. "I can't help it. Unfortunately, you have to deal with it because you're a mind reader so…" I trailed off as I thought about Carlisle using his gloriously long fingers on my lady parts. I even think a moan of pleasure escaped my lips. I don't know though, because Edward growled and ran out of the room shouting, "Carlisle, you're Fiancee is sex deprived!" Ah yes, three months couldn't get here soon enough. A/N: Soooooo? I know this is short, but I promise the chapters will get longer. I do hope you like the first chapter. Please let me know in some lovely reviews! I love those, so much. They're like chocolate to me! I love chocolate! Also a huge, huge thanks to ILoveTwiFics for riding along on this adventure with me. Until next week! -RoseNEmmettForever—