snarls "Nn-no" I whimper. Equal parts scared and aroused "Good" he claims as he starts to push one finger into the tight little hole. This is completely a first for me. No one, not even me has ever messed with my ass. And I am floored by how amazing it feels. This whole time his rhythm has never faltered even for a second. So with his cock pounding to my pussy and now is finger slowly moving in and out of my ass I am in sensory overload. "That's it sweet thing grind that ass against my finger. You like that don't you. Do you want me to fuck you here? To cum deep in this perfect tight little virgin ass? Well that's exactly what I think I'll do. But first I have to prepare you a little" He pulls his dick out of me and I can't help but sigh as the loss. However I forget about it quickly as he slowly starts to work a second finger in my backside. I can feel his saliva moising the area. He adds a third finger and starts to spread the hole wider. "Fuck this is going to be a tight fit little girl. Don't worry ill make sure you feel good too" With that he slowly starts to push his still very slick dick inside my ass. It's a little uncomfortable but not nearly as bad as I always feared. In a few seconds he is completely in and I start to relax a little "That's it sweet girl just relax. See it's not so bad. Fuck you're so tight I'm not going to last very long like this" I think he's talking more to himself than to me at this point. He starts to move inside of me, easy at first than steadily harder and faster. After a second I feel his arm reach around me and start to rub my clit in time with his thrusts "Fuck I need you to come for me sweet girl. I need to feel you come one more time for me" he grabs my hair again and pulls it back, then bits down on my neck hard. I know it's going to leave a mark. That's all it takes for me and this time I can't hold back my scream as my release rushes though me "Holy fuck you're a squrter" he gasps. I guess I am. That has never happened to me before "I'm going to come in your cute little ass now. Are you ready? Fuck Bella I…" he can't even finish as he grips my hips with both hands thrusts two more times and spills into me. I continue to grind into him as he rides out he's climax. I listen to his heavy breathing in my ear as he lays his head on my shoulder. I wait a few more minutes before I speak. "You ok, Edward" I finally ask quietly He jumps at the sound of my voice and we both wince and he slips out of me. I give a second to pull up his pants as I turn about and look up into the greenest eyes I've ever known. "When did you figure it out" he replies "The moment you spoke. Edward we've been friends for more than a decade, how could I not recognize your voice right away. But how did you know. There is no way you didn't know this was what I've wanted for a long time. "Your computer." He answered quickly. "I was look for a link I had accidentally closed and saw some of you history. Imagine my surprise when I realized sweet little bella swan had a thing for rape fantasy. I've been trying to get up the courage to ask you out for years. But whenever I get the courage to ask you I ways freeze up or choke. When I saw your history and realized your secret I thought maybe if I can't tell you how I feel about you I could show you. You know give you something you've always wanted but could never ask for." "When we already know we can talk for hours or just sit in silence together. I know you never put your socks in the laundry basket but your bathroom stays in perfect conditions at all times. You know I hate when people drink out of the carton and I love small gestures over expensive platitudes. We know each other's likes dislikes hopes dreams and fears. And now after tonight I know that was the most amazing sex I've had in my life and I can't wait to do it again. So Edward Cullen will you go out with me" I finish and hold my breath waiting for his answer. I know it's silly but I'm still nerves. "That was my line. But of course I would love to." He replays to me after a beat After taking a minute to get ourselves ready we turn around and start back home together, holding hands. I can't believe the man of my dreams not only knows my darkest fantasy and does hate me for it, but has helped me make it come true. I can't help but wander as were walking, what is Edwards darkest fantasy and how would I go about giving it to him. _ A/N so that was my first fan fic. I've edited a little bit of it before I reposted on this profile because after all this time I really wasn't sure about the ending and I like this one a lot better. So leave me a comment and tell me what you think. Don't worry about being harsh I don't mind it. In fact I appreciate criticism as much as comments so don't hold back. I'm thinking about continuing this to at least a two shot if not more but I want to get yalls opinion so let me know. Is it good enough to continue?