at him and then back to my face and then back to him. He took a few steps back. It took me just a moment to figure out why. I turned to face my rescuer and found myself staring, just a few inches away from the high profile A list celebrity, Elliott Cullen. A wicked grin spread across my face as I turned from Elliot back to Mike. "Yes, please excuse us. If I need you I'll have Alice get with your people. Who's representing you again? The Mitchum group?" Like I had received a power up in an 8-bit game, I had a second wind. An extra life. A power up. I had Elliott Cullen on my side. He was a level of famous that was. . . so so so so much more than an author ever could hope to be (and I didn't hope to be famous at all. I just wanted people to read my books). Elliot was on a completely other universe. Snap-and-the world-listened kind of famous. Mike sprouted out in red patches, completely at loss for words. "That'll be all." I said, as if putting the final arrow into the back of the dragon that Elliot had just grounded by himself. Mike, like a disobedient puppy, shuffled away with his tail between his legs, but he kept throwing glances back our way. Elliott watched him leave. And I watched Elliot. "Thanks." I stared up at him. "I owe you one." "Don't mention it." Elliot shrugged. "I'm Elliot." He grinned, the corner of his lips pulled to one side in a devious smirk. He held out his hand and I somehow managed to shake it without combusting into a million pieces of human confetti. Holy mother of god. "I'm Beau." I said, using up nearly all of my second wind in sounding self assured and confident in front of him. "Beau?" His eyebrows raised then he glanced at the book on the table. My book. The name on the spine read Bear Swanson. Shit. And Mike had called me that too. "It's a fake name." I fessed up. He grinned. "My name's not really Elliot." He whispered to me, as if we were confidants. I stared up at him. Those green eyes looking up from those tail tell brooding eye lashes, so much more beautiful than any advertisement could show. "Thanks for saving me. I was drowning." I managed to say. "I've been there. Stuck in public with some guy that thinks he knows you and that he's better than you. He was a real louse. Mike, was he? Yeah. Just forget about people like that. I've been there." He smiled at me again but I turned away from him. My introvert was showing. Like Cinderella, the clock was striking midnight and I had to leave the ball before I turned into a pumpkin. I quickly opened up my book on the table and with the sharpie still in my pocket, wrote an inscription. My glass slipper. I wordlessly shoved it in his direction. I got to my feet. I opened up my mouth to say 'thank you' or 'goodbye' or, 'I love you', or 'you smell nice', but I didn't end up saying anything. Then, I paced out of the Coffee Nook and didn't even take another look behind me. Hours later I was replaying our interaction over and over and over again. I had been so close to an actual. . . to Elliott, or whatever his real name is. And I just. . . left. I just walked out and left like a fucking idiot. He was talking to me. Like a person. Not like I was some fan boy. I probably could have had a conversation with him. . . if I were able to have a conversation at all. I beat myself up over lunch, cursing my inability to socialize like a normal person. Alice, sensing my mood, kept quiet while nibbling on her cobb salad that she ordered over room service back in my hotel room. I had given up going anywhere else today. Alice was going to argue, she had planned to take me to a great place in little italy but something in my tone stopped her. I was too in my head at the moment to even really perceive her presence. She didn't know the full extent to why the day sucked, and then was amazing, and then sucked again. She was normally a calming reassurance but after one mishap after the other today, not even she could calm the hurricane of self loathing that raged inside my chest. I didn't hear her phone ring. In my head I was trying to think of all the ways I could die and which would be better. Less painful. As an author of a mystery novel, I had researched the subject often enough. I thought myself a scholar on the various ways I person could snuff it. "Beau." Alice called my name. "Beau. Hellooooooo. Earth to Beau." She snapped her fingers in front of my face. "Yes. Sorry." I blinked, and let reality swallow me once again. I was not dead. And as much as I wished, I was not going to kill myself. And as much as I hated it, I was still me, Beau Swan, midgrade author of little to no importance and a huge colossal disaster."What is it?" Alice was sitting straight as an arrow on her knees on top of my bed. Her hand held her smartphone to her ear. "I'm on the phone with a representative for Elliott Cullen. He would like to have dinner with you tonight." Dying of shock. That was a new one. AN: I couldn't get this out of my head, so I wrote it out. I just kept thinking about this meet-cute. I hope you enjoyed this. I doubt I'll continue with it. I don't know. *shrugs* Who knows. If you liked it, let me know. xoxo Rosalie