and I truly was thankful that he was finally by my side and that I was alive. Charlie stood up to hug me as gently as he could and as much as I hated it, I silently cried my eyes out on his shoulder until I was sound asleep. That night I dreamt of a snow covered world, wild beasts, and the two beautiful people who saved my life. ~Present Day~ It's been three years since I had been attacked by the wolves in Alaska. Since then things went to hell after the first year leading to my recovery. I was questioned by the police and my dad was by my side for it. I gave them the details and what unfolded but for some reason I couldn't bring myself to tell them about those two, they'd either think I was crazy or making it up. Besides I wanted to keep it to myself, it was something between the three of us. If there wasnt any reason to hide then they would have been here and the fact that they weren't, told me a lot. I had been gravely injured by those wolves, that damn wolf more like it. I had been bitten in several parts of my body but none left a scar too obvious and eventually they disappeared to nothing, unfortunately there were two that had left lasting impressions on me. The one on my abdomen was the worst one of the scars, it ran from the right side of my rib cage to my belly button and it reminded me of a crescent moon, how ironic is that? It was hideous even though my mom tried to convince me otherwise. The other scar was on my ankle, thank god, it looked smaller but I knew better than anyone how painful it was to get it. The bite mark on my shoulder healed nicely and quickly, to that I gave a little thanks to that brown wolf for taking it easy on me. I was put to bed rest for a couple weeks until the wound in my abdomen healed completely. My doctor had told me I suffered from hypothermia, yeah no kidding. So I was to be kept the warm indoors and constantly drinking fluids. Even after I recovered I still couldn't stand the cold for too long and more times than I'd like to admit, I'd start having difficulty breathing and would shiver like crazy. That was the least of my worries however. The nightmares started the night I got released from the hospital. Renee and Charlie would always be right by my side whenever the screaming and crying started in the middle of the night. I would apologize to them every morning, they always said it was okay and that all that mattered was that I was safe and home. But I knew it was taking a toll on them, Renee especially. She felt guilty for what had happened to me but she never apologized for it, I didn't need her to since it wasn't her fault. Then it was hard to get more than five hours of sleep and at times I couldn't control my paranoid behavior in school or anywhere for that matter. And this is where things went to hell, as I previously said. It started in school, the kids had started making fun of my scars or the fact that I never spoke to them must've rubbed them the wrong way. They liked taking advantage of my reactions to loud noises and sometimes they'd 'cry wolf', literally. Until one day I had a really bad panic attack causing me to hyperventilate after some boy had brought a wolf mask to school and decided to jump me from behind. It didn't end well for me or for him, since he went home with a broken nose that day. My teachers had talked to Charlie and Renee about my 'weird' behavior and suggested that I be disciplined and that did not sit well with my parents. This eventually caused a lot of turmoil in Renee and Charlie's relationship and as much as they deny it, I know it was because of me. They fought a lot and many times I had to comfort Renee or talk to Charlie. A year after I had made a full recovery, physically. Renee and Charlie sat me down and told me that they were getting a divorce. Renee was heartbroken when I told her that I wanted to stay with my dad and that I would visit her on the holidays but it was for the best, she knew that. It was too hard for her to live with the guilt that her daughter was broken and traumatized. She decided to move to Pheonix, Arizona where her new job was waiting for her. Another year later, Charlie decided to apply for another job in a small city called Forks, in Washington and was almost immediately hired for chief of police there. That was when we moved out of our little house in Alaska and moved to not so sunny Forks. I only hoped that things would just go back to normal by moving to a new place and get a chance to start over. However, even after all this time. I still couldn't stop thinking about that young man who saved me and almost just as much as when I had those horrible nightmares. I'd dream about him. A/N Next chapter we get to see into Alice and Jasper's point of view! So..here's chapter one of Into My Arms! This story came to me about two nights ago in a dream and I haven't stopped thinking about it since. I'm really excited to be starting a new story(even though I haven't even come close to finishing it) I wanted to write a story with a little more romance and mystery involved and this seemed like the perfect story for that! Please let me know what you think!