me carefully. "What do you want, Miss Swan?" That brings me up short. "What? You asked me to meet you here." "What do you want , Miss Swan?" he repeats. I stare at him in confusion for several moments while I think about how to answer him. What do I want? "I… I want you to stop acting like such a dick!" I blurt out before I can stop myself. "You earned that grade, Miss Swan. You're one of my most talented students, but your last essay was not up to your usual standards." "I don't care about the fucking grade!" I scream in frustration. "I'm talking about the fact that you can't even look me in the eye! I gave you my virginity and you act like nothing happened!" Mr. Cullen stares at me in horror for several moments before taking his right hand out of his pocket and raking it through his hair. "I can't pay you any special attention in school, Bella," he says tiredly, using my first name for what is likely the first time ever. "How would that look to the rest of your classmates?" He's right; of course he is. Everyone in school is used to him acting like a dick. If he suddenly started treating me like a human being, my reputation and his job could be on the line. "I-I'm sorry," I whisper. Nodding, he gives me a small smile. "Anything else you want, Miss Swan?" Startled by the repeated question, I remain silent as he steps closer to me and rests his hands on my hips. "I won't take advantage of my position and push you into anything. You need to tell me exactly what you want." Looking up at him, I see what I hope is a tiny hint of vulnerability, a crack in his mask, and it spurs me on to tell him the truth. "I want to get to know you better," I finally reply. "S-starting with your lips." Giving me a little smirk, Mr. Cullen leans in closer until I can feel his breath on my ear. "Where do you want them?" he asks in a husky voice that says I could have the world if I asked for it. Instead of answering him, I turn my head slightly, until my lips are mere millimeters from his mouth. And then I press my lips against his, sucking gently at his top lip. When he pulls me closer, I open my mouth, inviting him in. Standing on my tiptoes, I throw my arms around his neck, allowing him to deepen the kiss, and it's perfect. It's everything I could've asked for in our first kiss. His tongue tangles with mine, his lips pull and retreat. And I can feel the Biggest Dick Ever making his presence known against my hip. When he pulls his mouth away slightly, I almost want to chase it down and continue the kiss. Instead, he rests his forehead against mine, closing his eyes. This is where we should've started, instead of with my fantasy to be fucked over his desk. But we've got another chance now to do things right. Unfortunately, I can't stay long after our first kiss; I need to get home and start dinner for my dad. At least we have a chance to exchange cell numbers so that Mr. Cullen doesn't need to leave me Post-It notes on surprise quizzes in order to communicate stealthily. We send each other a few brief texts over the next week, but we're unable to find a time to meet up where it won't arouse suspicion. Mr. Cullen suggests the following Friday night, but it's our last football game of the season. Though I almost never attend the games, I promised the girls I'd go with them to cheer on our team. Mike is the star running back, while Tyler is a defensive end, and this will be their last ever time in uniform at home. My dad has tried and failed over the years at getting me to understand football. As we sit in our seats near the… 20-yard-line, someone enlightens me, Angela patiently tries to explain what is happening, but I'm lost. "Why do they call it foot ball if they just throw the ball?" I wonder aloud, making Jessica laugh. "They kick field goals and extra points," she clarifies. "Wait and see." At halftime, the Lincoln Park Lions are up 17-7 — and they did indeed kick the ball a handful of times. Instead of remaining in our seats, we get up to order drinks and snacks from the snack bar. While I'm waiting for my Coke, Jessica calls out, "Hey, Mr. Cullen!" I turn around automatically, my eyes widening as I spot him… with his arm around a gorgeous blonde woman. What the actual fuck? He has a girlfriend and didn't think it was important to tell me? "Good evening," he says, nodding toward us. "Tanya, these are some of my students. Girls, this is my wife, Tanya." This entry won the judges' Best Dirty Little Secret-Twist Award from Lovely Brutal. Thank you to all involved in the Biggest Dick Ever contest! Yes, Edward is a dick for not telling Bella he was married. That was the point of the contest. Yes, I will be extending this story, though I'm not sure when it'll start posting. I have an outline in my head. I am currently (8/12) 60,000 words into pre-writing another fic that I had started before the contest came up, and that story will be finished before I can work on the extension of this one. I'll say by the end of the year, but give this story a Follow if you're interested and you'll know when the time comes! Thanks to moosals for pre-reading as well as making the banner and FF book cover! P.S. The title is a Wham! Song from their Make It Big album. RIP George Michael. I haven't posted since his death.