to sleep but I just couldn't. A few days ago, Ashley went into labor and it progressed very quickly but at the very end, they realized they needed to immediately do an emergency C-section. Once they had the baby out –Ashley- Kate lost a lot of blood, they almost lost her in the process but brought her back. She returned home today with Ashley and she can't do much lifting or anything yet because of the C-section and blood loss, so we've been helping her. It's a good thing I'm only 6 months into my pregnancy so there is slim to no possibility of me going into early labor. "Mom?" Scar asked It was 10 in the morning, and I was more tired….well I was just super tired and wanted to sleep for the rest of the year, the rest of my pregnancy. "Hmm?" I asked "Ash is asleep now," she said She already has a nickname at 3 days old and I love it. "That's great," I said "Dad feel asleep right after and Kate is just sitting in Ash's room on the rocking chair," she said "Ok" I said yawning "Go to sleep Mom, you need it and so does my brother" she said slightly smiling She wasn't very content on getting yet another brother; she was dying for a new sister but went along with having Ashley and Kate as her sisters. If she was content so was I. "Thank you honey" I said kissing her cheek and going for my bedroom "Oh and be careful!" she called after me slightly loud but not loud enough to wake the baby ~just about 2 years later~ "Blow out the candles Ashley!" Scarlett squealed Even at 15, she is a little goofball. She loves that little girl like crazy and that little girl loves her like crazy also. She blew out the candles, barely, at now 2 years old she's going to be hectic, the terrible two's stage in life. Just wait until this little girl is a teenager, now that's going to be interesting. The front door open opened and Edward came in the room Carter behind him grumbling something. "What's wrong?" I asked as Edward stood next to me "He's mad" Edward sighed "Uh oh what happened now? I mean why he is mad. He got his license a week ago and all…." I said It took us about another year to get him into drivers ED; he could have cared less and went through it like a breeze. He got his license a week ago and is still looking for the nasty car. He gets mad every time Edward says no, "Not the one" he said kissing my head Alice giggled and shook her head at us; we were still the mushy couple….as always. Kate sat in the corner wrapped up in Liam's arms….or her boyfriend. She moved on and met Liam when Ashley was 6 months old, he was faithful to her and told her just about everything about himself. She did the same, telling him the first thing she had a daughter. He didn't care, he liked her anyways and she squealed in excitement and had to tell me when she first got home. They've been together since and now a year and a half later….well he's told all of us, he plans to propose….today. I could not wait to see her reaction to his proposal, whenever he would do it, if he ever did it already and she's hiding her ring from us I don't know. I hope that she'll say yes….no doubt she won't, she obviously will. "Where's my daughter?" Edward asked Turns out the doctor had been wrong; we had a new daughter not a new son. Scarlett literally fist pumped the air when we told her. The boys just said now they had another sister to protect. We named her Grace Kate Masen, she's beautiful and the best mixture of Edward and I. "She's taking a nap, she was tuckered out" I said "Okay" he aid I looked down and saw Kate begin the cut the cake for Ashley while Ashley whined the whole time how she wanted a piece now and not later. "Here you go baby," Kate said handing Ashley a piece It wasn't to big but it wasn't too small, it was just the right size for a two year old that would just make it a huge mess with it. "Mommy" Ash whined kicking her feet "What's wrong baby?" Kate asked "I wanna opwen pwresnts!" she whined pushing away her cake I giggled, I remember Edward and I's little one's doing that when they were younger. All they cared about was opening presents, they could have cared less about eating the cake except when they couldn't talk or walk and could care less about what they got for their birthday. "Can you eat your cake first Ash honey?" Kate asked "No!" she whined "Ash…." Kate said sighing "Daddy" Ash cried We all knew she would get her way then; she had her "daddy" wrapped around her finger and would always get her way. "Kate" he said "No Liam," she said Nothing much else happened, Ash did not get her way and had to eat her cake before she has to open her presents. Until something did, "For mommy," Ash said "Hmm? How does mommy get a present on Ash's birthday?" Kate asked She took the present from her daughter's hands and un-did the wrapping I knew what it was….maybe, "It's an empty box, Bella what's going on?" she asked turning to me I said nothing. She looked back to her boyfriend to see him on one knee, she gasped in shock covering her mouth. "Marry me?" he asked "Oh my god yes!" she squealed throwing her arms around him Life was great for everyone and I was happy with everyone in my family. "Love you" Edward whispered in my ear "I love you too," I said