much to her because of her past, that I wanted to keep it going," he said. I smiled at him, I liked how honest he was at times. "Well I was just inviting Anna to come meet my family, and she said that would be nice," Alice said. "That's okay with me," he said. "Sweet. We live right out of town," she said. We followed Alice to the parking lot, and then we got into our car and followed her down the road. I figured out, when she said out of town, she meant it. It wasn't long before we pulled into a hidden driveway. When I saw the house, my eyes widened. "Wow," I said. "Yeah." Michael said. We parked the car, and I got out, seeing some other people coming out. "Carlisle, Esme this is Anna and…Michael right?" Alice said. Michael nodded. "I met Anna at the store," Alice said. Esme came up to me and gave me a hug, it was so unexpected but I kind of hugged her back. "How about everyone goes inside? I'll call over the rest of our family," Esme said. I nodded and Michael and I walked into the house, and I was amazed at how beautiful it was. "Beautiful huh?" I looked behind me, and saw a familiar face. "Hey. I know you, um, December 2006," I said. "Oh yes I remember you. The photo of your parents," she said. "Yes. I would have never guessed…" I said. She smiled, and I noticed a little girl running through the door, two actually. "Auntie where's Liam?" one girl asked. "He's with his daddy. He's coming," Isabella said. "Hey, can we talk?" Alice said coming to Isabella. "Of course," Isabella said. I turned back to the house, wondering how they had children, it had always been a dream of Michael and I's, but we knew it would never happen. "Come see the rest of the house, not just the door," Esme said. "Oh, sorry," I said. She smiled and I walked through the house. "I was wondering something…" I asked. "The children," Esme said. "Yes," I said. "Isabella has the power of giving us the power to have children. She was such a sweetheart to children in her human life, it stuck," she said. "And they have a child?" I asked. "Yes, Liam, he's four and the love of their lives. Emma is Rosalie and Emmett's six year old, and Leah is Alice and Jasper's eight year old." Esme said. "You and your husband don't have children?" I asked. "No. We just enjoy being grandparents," she said. "That's good too," I said. I heard footsteps and looked back to see Isabella, she looked so happy but so sad. "Esme…can you watch Liam?" She asked. Her voice was breaking, but I didn't know why. "Of course. Where is he?" Esme said. A little boy ran into the house and into Esme's arms, he was adorable. Esme picked him up, and started to talk to him, and they walked off, babbling. Alice walked in, and bit her lip. "Anna…do you keep a picture of your parents in your back pocket?" she asked. "Why are you asking?" I asked. Michael came up next to me, and put his hand on my shoulder. "What's going on?" he asked. "She wants to see my picture," I said. "That's quite personal isn't it?" Michael asked. "No!" Isabella said. Alice glared at her sister, and Isabella shrugged. Before anyone else could speak, more footsteps came toward the house. "Hey, what you guys up to over here? Where's my buddy?" A man asked. I felt Michael grab my picture from my back pocket, and felt like something was missing from me. I didn't know what he did with it, but he put it back in my pocket. "Anna?" Alice asked. "What does it mean to you?" I asked. "Anna!" Michael said. "What?" I said. Michael took my picture and handed it to me, and I opened it, looking at it. "Why did you give this to me?" I asked. "Look at it," he said. I looked at my picture again. It made me think of my grandparents. "What is going on?" the man asked suddenly. Isabella may have spoke to this man, most likely her husband. I put my picture back into my pocket, and walked off, but Michael grabbed my arm. "What?!" "Anna you can't run away this time. We have to stop here," he said. "What's so special about this place? Why can't we just leave like always?" I asked. "Because this place is home," Michael said. "How about we leave them be?" Alice said. "No!" Isabella said. Alice shot a glare at her sister. "I don't care Alice…I don't need to listen to you," Isabella said. Before Michael could speak another word, Isabella came up to me and pulled my picture out of my pocket, and walked to her husband. "Why did you take my picture?!" "Because I want to give you this," she said handing me a different picture. The same people, but with a baby. I looked at the back of the picture, and it some names, familiar names. Edward, Isabella, and Anna Masen. September 26 th , 1911. I didn't have to speak, no one did, but I had a family, all this time. I felt arms wrap around me, and saw it was Isabella, my own mother. I wanted to cry when she hugged me. I wrapped my arms around her, and silently wanted to cry. But only one thing ran across my mind, I had a family. A mother and a father, a brother, and a husband. I had just what I needed. ~The End~ I know, a shock to see me! I am alive, I can assure you that. I missed writing, and wrote this one-shot in an hour and a half, it may have some mistakes due to what time I wrote it! I will be updating all stories soon! RobstenLover93