eyes. "Oh baby," I said walking over to her. I took her face in my hands and wiped her tears away with my thumbs. "Is he mommy?" she asked putting her hands on mine. I sighed and took my hands from her face. I intertwined her fingers with mine and kissed her palms. "Yes baby. Daddy is leaving us. He's going to go away for a while," I said. "Why is he leaving mommy?" she asked. I didn't know how to describe this to a nine year old girl without saying some things she didn't know yet. "I'm not sure he loves your momma anymore pumpkin," Edward said from behind me. I looked behind me to look at him. He had a concerned look on his face. "Oh," she said. "Lillian sweetheart I think you should go back to bed. It's late," I said. I took my hand out of hers and she sighed. "Okay. Goodnight mommy, goodnight Eddie," she said. She walked off and I stood up. Edward took my hand in his and kissed it. "It'll be okay," he said. "I hope it will but with Jacob….I don't know what will happen," I said. ~a few months later~ I set my wedding ring on the table and signed the papers next to them, I was officially divorced. I turned around and grabbed Edward's hand. I watched Jake sneer at us and rolled my eyes, he was jealous though he was the one who asked me for the divorce. I wasn't technically married while with Edward anyway, so nothing was illegal. Not any of that stuff. We didn't have to worry about Lillian going with Jacob. We had got a DNA test, and it turns out I was right, Jacob was never Lillian's father biologically. Her father was always Edward, she always had his blood running in her veins, not Jacob's. Jacob was furious when he found out Lillian was never his daughter, but I was happy. He yelled at me for hours on end about how I conned him into believing Lillian was his daughter when I knew the whole time that she was Edward's daughter. I told him to go to hell that day and told Lillian about her father. I don't know how to describe Lillian's reaction. She was excited, she loved Edward, but she said she always had a feeling. According to her she had always noticed she wasn't anything like Jacob but a lot like my best friend. Edward and I's relationship grew so much after Jacob started the divorce process. That night when Jacob came and Lillian went back to bed Edward and I stayed up talking. I had begged him not to re-enlist into the army after May and he agreed that he didn't want to, or he didn't have to. So he didn't. As I watched the judge look over everything I felt anxious on having my divorce finalized. As he finished he looked up from the papers and smiled. "I hereby grant this divorce," he said. He sighed the paper and slammed the gavel down. I sighed in relief. "Nice knowing you Isabella Swan," Jacob said rolling his eyes and stomping away. As Jacob walked out of the room Lillian walked over to me and hugged my stomach. "I'm glad it's over now Momma," she said. I played with Lillian's hair and smoothed it down. "I know baby. I'm happy too," I said. The End…Or Not? ~Back to 2024~ (3 rd POV) "So that's just it? Isabella got her divorce and she told her daughter she was happy it was over?" Anna asked her mother confused. "Not exactly," her aunt laughed. Anna looked at her aunt confused. "What do you mean?" Anna asked. "Isabella, Lillian, and Edward's story was never over at the end of this book sweetheart," her aunt said. Anna, again, looked at her family confused. "How did it end then?" Anna asked. "Well I guess you'll have to wait and see," her mother laughed. Anna groaned. "Mom!" Anna pouted. Just as her mother could respond they heard a door slam and a rapid click of heels on the floor. "I'm here! I'm so sorry I was late," her other aunt said. Anna's father was her aunt's brother, and her mother was, obviously, her sister in law. Her father and her mother met at a young age and her father had gotten her mother pregnant. Anna's mother had been only seventeen when she had been born. Even with all the possibilities of her parents splitting up when she was younger, her parents have been married for a good nine years and still going strong. "It's okay sis. You're here now," Anna's father said smiling. Her aunt Lily smiled at her and handed her a present. "Before you open the present Anna. I want to know what you've got so far," her aunt said. Anna grabbed the book from the pile of things and showed it to her aunt. Her aunt just laughed. "Really Anthony? Mom's book?" her aunt said. Anna's eyes had widened, as she looked down at the book. "This is grandma's story?" Anna asked looking up from the book. "Yeah baby it is. You just learned about the first few months of Jacob and my mom and dad," her aunt said. "What ever happened to them after the book? My mom said it ended after Jacob and Grandma got divorced," Anna said. Anna, who wasn't in love and didn't currently look at all the boys, was actually very interested in her grandparents love story. "Well why don't we learn about that," her grandmother said from the doorway. Her grandmother walked over to her and took her hand. "Why don't we tell you the rest of the story," her grandmother said. As Anna listened to her grandmother tell her the story she watched her grandfather and grandmother interact. According to Anna, her grandparents were still in love after almost twenty years of marriage. Anna loved her family.