them, why?" "That was me calling her," he emphasizes. "Her mom was one of my patients in the ICU last week, and Leah's the medical power of attorney as well as next of kin," Emmett explains matter-of-factly, like he's suddenly the Neil Degrasse Tyson of logical conclusions and intelligent responses. "Leah was on the floor with me some days and on others, she was out of the building, so I was always trying to track her down. She told me not to leave messages at home because of HIPAA. And the ICU is on the third floor." "Yeah, but your home number came up once, too," Kate says to me with another sneer. Emmett raises his hand. "Me again, but that was a personal call to her." "What the fuck ever," she spits, flipping her hand in the air. "Just make sure you lose my number, Edward." Bella's chair scrapes along the floor before she stands eye to eye with Kate. "Trust me, sweetie, it's lost." Kate makes no move to leave, so Bella waggles her fingers in her face. "Girl, bye." Emmett beams at the potential catfight while I bite the insides of my cheeks, so fucking turned on, I don't know how I'm going to make it through the rest of the day without mounting this woman. "C'mon." Bella holds out her hand, and I leap up like I just got called down to Contestants' Row on The Price is Right. She threads her fingers through mine, and we brush past Kate while Bella practically drags me out of the cafeteria. "Relax guys, I'll clean up!" Emmett shouts after us. Bella pushes open the door to the women's locker room and into the private room where staff can make personal phone calls. She twists the lock after the door slams shut and lunges at me, pushing me back against the wall, but hell no. This isn't going down like this. I twist us around, pressing her back to the wall with fevered kisses. Nothing but lips, licks, sucks, and sighs. My teeth scrape down her neck, and I nuzzle my face into the sweet skin at the v-neck of her blue scrub top. Her hands grip at my hair, and it hurts one second and feels fucking phenomenal the next. My moans would be embarrassing if she weren't groaning in pleasure right along with me. I grab at her breast, while my thumb flicks at the pebbling nipple showing itself through her top. "Edward, holy . . . holy shit," she gasps when my hand abandons her breast, and digs down into the front of her pants. I swipe the pads of my fingers across her panties, tapping at her clit. "Let me get you off," I speak softly against her lips while I pull the soft fabric to the side and slip my fingers through her soaked lips. "Yessss," she responds with a whisper and a whine. It's desire any way you slice it. My thumb finds her clit while my index and middle fingers graze through the wetness, entering her. I nibble and suck just below her ear, smiling every time she whimpers under my commanding touch. One of her hands relinquishes my hair and travels down my chest. My cock is so fucking hard, I've never felt the waist of my scrubs pull so tightly. She grips me through the material, and I almost lose the tempo I've started with her. I feel her twitch and tighten around my fingers, and my mouth moves back to hers because I can't get enough of her lips. "Oh, god," she cries against my kiss. "That's—I'm—" She freezes in my arms, riding the wave of her release. Holding onto me for dear life, she slips her tongue back into my mouth. When she tugs on my hand, I pull it out before she stuns me by dropping to her knees, yanking down my pants and boxers in the process. Oh, holy mother, yes. She swallows most of my cock, and my head lolls back. "Jesus." I have to brace my hand against the wall, the sensation is so overwhelming. Watching her work me over is a beautiful sight. I run my fingers through her thick hair while her other hand grips my ass, turning me on more, if that's even possible. I swear I'm so lost in her movements as she strokes and sucks, there's no time to keep my cool before I'm at the brink. "Fuck, Bella," I pant. "I'm gonna come." She pops off the edge of my dick, stands and starts jacking me until I'm shooting streams all over her lower stomach and panties. My head falls forward on her shoulder, and we chuckle for a few seconds. "That was so fucking hot," I growl, licking at her pulse point and placing a soft kiss there. "You're a mess now, though." She winks, grabs a few tissues to clean her belly, and proceeds to peel off her panties, stuffing them in the pocket of my lab coat. I need to marry this girl. "So, we're definitely on for Valentine's dinner tomorrow?" I ask as we both readjust our scrubs, composing ourselves. She reaches up on her tip toes and pecks me on the lips before unlocking the door. "Sure! I mean, what more could happen?" XOXOXO A/N: So this was my first venture into entering a contest. It was fun writing under the cover of anonymity. Hope you had a few chuckles. Super huge thanks to LayAtHomeMom for pre-reading and laughing her way through my wacky ideas and to LaMomo, my awesome beta, who's never let me down. Love you, girls! Thank you so much to the Straight Thru the Heart Contest team for all their hard work in bringing our fandom another fantastic showcase of talent. Thanks for reading and for those who voted for my fun little ditty. I placed 4th in the public vote and 3rd in the judges' vote! xo, Jen