from his neck and down to my sides; I didn't like this change. He went down on his knees and lifted my shirt to show my stomach, where the baby rested. After that, he rested his hands on both sides of my stomach. "Hi, baby boy, I'm your daddy. I'm so sorry I was gone so long little one," he said sweetly to our son. The tears in my eyes didn't hesitate to spill over, and I was crying in seconds. He put my shirt down and stood up. "I love you," he said. I put my arms around his neck. "I love you too," I said. I kissed him hard and sweet, liking the feeling of his lips back on mine. Our kiss lasted so long, but we both had to catch our breaths. "I'm sorry I'm late," he said. "You're right on time," I said. "I missed you and the baby so much…I'm not going back," he said. "Are you sure?" I asked. "I'm not leaving you and the baby again, Bella. I would rather shoot myself first," he said. "You wouldn't dare," I said. "I would. If I'm injured, I would be able to never go back," he said. "Are you hurt?" I asked, peeling off his army jacket. It was down on the ground in seconds, and he was left in his white tee and army pants. "No Bella I'm fine," he said. "Are you sure you're fine?" I asked. "Bella, I'm FINE. I can assure you I didn't get hurt," he said. "I believe you," I said. "I'm glad," he said. "How's my brother?" I asked. "He's okay. He's in rough shape," he said. I panicked. "What do you mean he's in rough shape?" "He was shot in the shoulder a couple days ago. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. He's fine now, but still in a little pain," he said. I slapped his chest, and he winced in pain. "You were shot, too, in the chest, weren't you?" I asked. "Bella…" he said. "Edward, tell me. I've known you since I was sixteen. You know to trust be," I said. "Yes," he said. He took my arms away from his chest and lifted his shirt off, leaving him shirtless in our living room. I looked him over, seeing bandages over his chest. There were so many of them. "How many times were you shot?" I cried out. "Four times," he said. "Edward! You could have been killed," I said. "I know, but I did what I had to do," he said. "Do you know what would have happened if you died? You would have never met the baby," I said, slapping his shoulder. He just looked apologetic. "I'm sorry, Bella. You know I'm strong and wouldn't get killed," he said. "I don't care. You don't risk your life for that when I'm here, carrying your child," I said. He took my hands and intertwined them with his. "Let's go to bed Bella; it's late," he said. I shot a glare at him and turned around, walking towards the bedroom. Well, after ripping my hands out of his. He followed me into the room. As I sat on the bed, he stripped of his Army clothes to leave him in his boxers. He didn't bother to put anything else before kicking Jake out of his spot. "Come here," he said. I scooted over to him, and he lay on the bed. I put my head on his chest, and he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. "Sleep well love," he whispered as I fell into a deep sleep. ~Four Months Later~ The pains were horrible. I wanted to go back. I wanted to go back and not have to have this baby, not have sex, not have sex EVER AGAIN. I felt the contraction again and squeezed Edward's hand. "Contraction," I grit through my teeth. He rubbed circles on my knuckles, trying to calm me. "He'll be here before you know it, Bella," he said. "I doubt it," I said sighing. I wouldn't get the epidural, I wanted a natural birth. The doctor came in shortly after. "How are you feeling, Bella?" she asked. I glared at her, and she laughed as she went to check how far dilated I was; I was relieved when she spoke. "You're fully dilated," she said. I sighed as she went to get dressed to deliver my baby. "I'm glad you're here," I said to my husband. "Why wouldn't I be here?" he asked. "You know why," I said. The doctor came over with the nurse and they lifted up my legs. "Okay, Bella, I want you to push on the next contraction," the doctor said. It wasn't long before the contraction hit, and I was pushing. "One…two…three…four…five…six…seven…eight…nine…ten," the nurse said. I threw back my head on the bed. "Good, good. A couple more times, honey," she said. It took what seemed like forever, but was only thirty minutes before I heard the cry from our son, and they whisked him away to clean him up. "Go with him," I said to my husband. After he followed the nurses, and I delivered the after birth, I sat back in my hospital bed; it felt weird to have him no longer in my stomach. When he came back, he was with the nurse. He sat next to me, and the nurse smiled. "Would you like to hold your son?" the nurse asked. I nodded, and she lightly placed him in my arms; he felt like he belonged in my arms. Edward and I had picked two names, Andrew Louis or Cameron Michael. He didn't look like an Andrew. "Cameron Michael Cullen," I said. Edward smiled. "Perfect," he said kissing my head. "I love you," I whispered to both my son and my husband. "I love you too…forever," Edward said. The End This was my Fandom For Friends piece! I was finally allowed to post today. Hope you liked it!