"How is Clara, Dr. Cullen?" she asked smiling. "She is very well. Thank you for asking Katherine," I said. She came and stood next to me as I stared into the nursery. When looking around my eyes instantly found the baby with no name, and no parents on her card. "What happened there?" I asked pointing to the baby through the window. She smiled. "Come with me," she said taking my hand. I followed Katherine into the nursery and over to the baby who was lying there in the crib. She was sleeping and reminded me of the first time I saw Clara. "When this little girl was born the mother didn't bother sticking around for anything. She said she didn't want her baby. We tried to urge her to change her mind, but she never did. We have a misnamed mother and a no name daughter," she said. I instantly felt bad for the baby, she had no parents to grow up with. She would most likely spend the rest of her life in an orphanage or foster care. "You just let her mother get up and walk out?" I asked. "Her mother was seventeen," she said. I felt anger. "She wouldn't even be able to sign herself out," I quietly said. "Doctor Cullen, why don't we talk out here? We don't need to wake the babies," she said. I followed her out of the nursery and into the hallway. I wasn't happy at all. "Her mother signed her out Doctor Cullen. We had no choice but to let her go," she said. I pulled at my hair. "How long has she been here?" I asked. "Only a few days. Her mother left last night," she said. I, again, pulled at my hair. "I know you and your wife just welcomed your daughter Doctor Cullen, but people were talking," she said. "Talking?" "About your wife." I sighed. Of course they were talking about Bella. "We need to talk in my office," I said. She nodded at me and we walked off, ignoring the nursery behind us. When we got to the office I hesitated. "Doctor Cullen?" she asked. "I'm sorry, Katherine. I'm just thinking." "If you don't want to talk Doctor Cullen—"she said. "I'm fine Katherine. I was thinking of something." She nodded at me. When I opened the door, I was shocked to see my wife sitting there. "Edward," she said hugging me close. "What are you doing here?" "Aren't you supposed to be working?" she asked. "Where's Clara?" "Esme took her to the park. I told her she shouldn't since Clara would never remember," she said. "And you just came here?" "I do work here. I could have come if I wanted." "True," I said. I heard Katherine clear her throat from behind us. Bella's eyes immediately went her way. "Hello, Katherine," she said. "Hello, Mrs. Cullen," Katherine said. "None of that, Katherine. Mrs. Cullen is my mother-in-law. Please call me Bella," Bella said smiling. "I was just about to talk about you actually Mrs.—Bella," she said. Bella looked at me concerned. "I have a feeling I may know what you are talking about Katherine," she said. Bella was very sensitive when the doctors told her after she had given birth to Clara. She, could not have any more children. "I'm talking about you and your husband's chance of ever having another child," she said. "Go on." I sat in my seat, and she brought over another seat sitting next to me. "A couple nights ago a young pregnant team came in. She instantly knew she had been in labor, so we transferred her to the maternity ward. A couple hours later, she delivered her daughter. She had told us she had never wanted her child and to put her in the nursery alone. She left last night. Her mother checked her out and they left. We had no contact for the mother of the child—"Katherine said. "Katherine. I don't think Bella and I—" Bella cut me off. "She left her?" Bella asked. "She did. We have absolutely nothing on her mother. Her mother had left identification, but had lied about her name. We had absolutely no records on her," Katherine said. "Katherine that's not possible." "Apparently it is. We have a baby girl with no mother or father. She's most likely going to spend her whole life in foster care." "Unless we adopt her," Bella said. " Bella, this would be a very big thing for us. Don't you think Clara is enough for us now?" I asked. "How dare you even think that, Edward Cullen! That little baby is going to be alone her whole life if someone doesn't adopt her," Bella said. Bella was pissed at me, and well…I didn't blame her. "You two have some time to think. She's right down in the nursery," Katherine said, standing from her seat and walking out. I looked over at my wife concerned, what was she thinking? "I can't let a little baby sit in a foster home her whole life, Edward," Bella said. "Though Bella is this the right thing to do right now? If we adopted her it would be like just having another newborn." "Edward. Don't you just love our daughter? Didn't you ever think of having another daughter…sometime?" she asked. "Of course I did. I just didn't expect it so soon," I said. "I think adopting this little girl would be the right thing," she said. "It would take us months," I said. "It would not. She's only three days old Edward and she has no parents. Two to four months at the most." "And you're one hundred percent sure about this?" I asked. She nodded her head. "I am. I got attached the minute Katherine said her mother had left," she said. I stood from my seat and held out my hand to my wife. She smiled and stood up, taking my hand. "Let's go meet our daughter." To Be Continued...