of the drawer, pulling it over my head. When Edward returns and sees me dressed, he steps into his boxers, frowning down at them. I resist the urge to laugh again. I can't even believe someone makes those in a size to fit a grown man. Walking over to him, I pull his face down to mine for a kiss. "I'm ready for some dessert now," I tell him. He follows me to the kitchen and I motion for him to sit at the table while I dig through my freezer, looking for ice cream. "OK, so I have s'mores and cheesecake flavors," I announce, holding the containers up for Edward to see. He remains silent, raising one eyebrow, until it hits me. "Seriously?! You don't even like cheesecake? It's not even cheese ." "Close enough," he shrugs. "It's made with cream cheese, right?" I shake my head as I put the cheesecake ice cream back in the freezer. "You do not know what you're missing." I scoop the ice cream into two bowls, then sit down at the table and dig in to the sweet, creamy goodness. After a couple of minutes, I look up at the still-shirtless Edward and chuckle at the chocolate ice cream dripping down his chin. I start to reach out my finger to wipe it off, but then I get a better idea. I move over to Edward's lap, placing one hand on his chest. Holding his face still with the other hand, I lick the ice cream off of his chin, feeling his five o'clock shadow tickle my tongue. "Yummy." I lick my lips and see his eyes darken in arousal. "Fuck," he whispers. I smile sweetly then take another spoonful from my own bowl. "You're the devil," he mutters, shaking his head. When both of our bowls are empty, I rinse them in the sink and grab two bottles of water out of the fridge, handing one to Edward. I sit in my own chair, twist the top off and take a long sip, then notice the way he's watching me. "What?" "I just… can't believe this has all happened. I've had a crush on you for three years," he admits. "Ever since you started at the company and your boss brought you around to meet everyone." "Really?" He nods shyly. "What made you finally decide to ask me out?" Edward stares at me like a deer in headlights. I raise an eyebrow, looking at him questioningly. "Uh… I didn't," he whispers. "What?" I ask in confusion. "I didn't ask you," he confesses. "That day at Rose's desk was the closest I'd ever been to you. And I guess I wouldn't shut up about you the rest of the afternoon. Emmett got tired of hearing it, so… when I got up to grab something off the printer and didn't lock my computer, he sent you the instant message — as me." I stare at Edward, watching the way he squirms. "Please say something," he begs. "That was really sweet of Emmett to try and help you out." "Sweet?" he scoffs. "I wanted to kill him. I was sure you'd say no and that would be the end of my fantasy." "Yes, sweet," I insist, moving back to his lap so that I can kiss him. "You're sweet," he whispers, before deepening the kiss. I could keep kissing Edward for hours and never get tired of it. "Will you be my girlfriend?" he blurts out when he pulls away. "I would be honored, Edward." I kiss him again, running one hand through his chest hair until I'm more than ready to take this back to the bedroom. "It's getting late," he says when I finally stop kissing him. "Do you want me to leave?" "Is there another option?" I ask, a little — ok, a lot — disappointed. "We could go back to bed," he replies suggestively. "And I could find out if your pussy is as sweet as the rest of you." Almost the second the words are out of his mouth, he turns bright red, his eyes downcast. "Uh… I mean…" "Edward." "I'm sorry," he whispers. "Edward," I repeat more sharply. He looks up at me, swallowing thickly. He never did put his glasses back on after we made love, and his eyes have never been more green. A giant part of me wants to tease him, but I don't think his heart can take that right now. "I'd like that," I tell him simply. "Yeah?" His entire face lights up in a grin. I swear, he looks like he just won the lottery — and not me. "Come on, Hot Stuff," I tell him as I stand up, offering him my hand. I turn and head back toward my bedroom, Edward hot on my heels. "Maybe you can even convince me to reciprocate." THUD! A/N: Thanks to moosals for her pre-reading and beta work as usual! And for suggesting that I could make him even more wonky than he was in the first draft! To answer the questions that came up in the contest entry reviews: Yes, Edward fainted at the end. Yes, I could someday come back and add a few more chapters. Not right now though. My other new contest entry will be continued first. Don't get me started on the Public Vote. While I don't enter any contest expecting to win, this entry was by far the most popular of the 6 with 107 reviews and 150 Favorites. I thought I finally had one in the bag! Yet somehow I only managed to get 22 out of the measly 98 votes cast and finished third. Let this be a lesson to all of us! If you don't exercise your right to vote, nonsensical results can and will happen. The Fourth Floor has been nominated in the poll to find the Top Ten Completed Fics for September 2014 on TwiFanfictionRecs! Please vote if you enjoyed the story! :)