she was coming back to the US?" he asked. "She said it was going to be a while," I said. Emmett didn't speak for a while, and I had this odd feeling he was trying to remember what he learned in law school. When we got back to Emmett's house, he put the car in park and took the key out of the ignition, then he looked to me. "I wanna look at some things from school. I'll call you later if I find anything you can do," he said. I nodded and Emmett handed me the keys. He got out of the car and walked into his house. I unbuckled my seat belt and opened the door to walk over to the driver's door. I was lucky that Emmett had left it open for me. The drive home was quiet, with Amelia sleeping in the back seat and the music playing real low, I actually tended to enjoy the quiet. Raising a four year old toddler by yourself resulted in not a lot of free time. When I pulled into the driveway I hit a bump and Amelia woke up. "Daddy?" she whimpered. "Afternoon sweet pea. Did you have a good nap?" I asked. "We home?" she asked rubbing her eyes. "We sure are baby," I said putting the car in park. "Can I watch Dora?" she asked. I laughed and nodded my head. I got out of the car and grabbed the keys, throwing them in my pocket. I walked over to the other side of the car, slowly and steadily, and opened the door that my daughter was sitting next too. Amelia reached her hands up for me to grab her but I unbuckled her seat belt and then grabbed my daughter. After I grabbed her I immediately put her on her feet. I shut the door to the car and grabbed Amelia's hand, we slowly walked into the house. When we got into the house I turned the TV on for Amelia and switched it to Dora before making my way to my room. When I got into my bedroom and shut the door half way I sighed deeply and sat on the bed. I laid down on the bed and covered my eyes with my hands. I quickly sat back up and stood from the bed, walking over to the dresser. I took the key that lay on top of the dresser in my hand and squeezed it tight. I shook my head and bent down to my knees. I slipped the key into the key hole and turned it so the drawer would open. When the drawer opened I set the key back on the dresser. I pulled out my father's notebook, the one he had used during law school. When my father passed away six years ago, my mother gave me all his notebooks from law school, hoping I would change my major and become a lawyer like my father. I didn't do what my mother had wanted, but she had let me keep the notebooks instead of taking them back and giving them to Emmett. These were all I had left of my father. I picked up my father's notebook labeled Divorce, and opened it to the first page. The first page didn't interest me much, it basically said the basics of what divorce was, and I already knew that already. I looked through the rest of the notebook not finding what I needed. "Come on Dad. You had to have something in here to help me," I mumbled to myself. Just as I was about to grab another notebook my phone rang. ' Your brother is trying to reach you. Your brother is trying to reach you' I snorted at the ringtone and went and picked up my phone answering the call. "Hello?" I asked. "Hey Edward! I went straight for my notebooks and found something that might help you," he said. I sat on the edge of the bed, wanting to know. "What?" I asked. "You can go to judge and force him or her to make Tanya give you the divorce," he said. An idea sparked in my head and I was delighted to hear this from my brother. "Thank you Emmett. I appreciate you helping me," I said. "Anytime baby bro," he said. I hung up the phone and got up from the bed to grab the key to the drawer. When I got to the dresser I grabbed the key and bent down, putting the notebooks back in the drawer. I shut it and locked it and put the key away. I stood up and walked over to my laptop, which was currently sitting on my desk. When I got over to my laptop I opened it and waited for it to slowly turn on, I sure need a new one but surely cant afford one with the divorce. When the laptop finally did turn fully on I typed in my password and waited for it to let me in. I sat there for what seemed like ages before the computer spit back at me, incorrect password. Password was currently changed. I looked at the screen and raised my eyebrows. I put my password in again and it again spit out to me that it was incorrect. Who could have changed my password? I know I didn't, I haven't been on my laptop for a few days now. I sighed and turned the laptop off and shut the screen, getting up from the chair I was sitting on. I walked over to the nightstand and looked up divorce lawyers, not coming up with anything, well I found one. A name that sounded more familiar then I thought. Isabella Black- Best divorce lawyer in the business. Gets it done quick and fast! To be continued… Hey guys :) I have no update schedule for this! I don't know when part two will be here! Thanks for reading :)