first class that is English. I finally found it and introduced myself to the teacher Mr, Banner. I looked around the classroom to find myself a seat. The only one available was next to a pixie like girl with black spiky hair. I sat next to her and she gave me a huge smile. "Hi my name is Alice Cullen. I guess that makes you Bella?" she squealed. I looked at her in shock wondering if she was somehow related to Carlisle Cullen, who happens to be one of my dad's bosses and also wondered how she knew my name. "Ye-Yes" I answered. Before I could ask her how she knew my name, she answered the question for me. "My friends Rose and Emmett told me about you and asked me if I see you to help you out and show you around if I saw you in any of my classes. I already know that we are going to best friends so I will be happy to be your tour guide," she said, without taking a breath. I laughed already liking this energetic girl. I could see us been friends and I was so happy that she was willing to help me. "Thank you so much Alice. You have no idea how grateful I am that you are willing to show me around. I already got lost 3 times this morning." She was about to answer me when interrupted. "Miss Swan, Miss Cullen. Would it be too much trouble to ask you both to pay attention in my class? Don't you think I would prefer to be gossiping with my friends right now instead of teaching English," he joked. We both laughed but decided not to say another word for the next forty-five minutes. The second the bell rang, we grabbed hold of our books and practically ran out of the classroom. We went to my locker so that I could put away my books while Alice checked to see what classes we would have together. "It seems like we only have English and gym together. Your next class is math and mine is biology. She showed me to my math class and told me that she would save me a seat at lunch before she went to biology. I walked into the class and again introduced myself to the new teacher who is Miss Wallace. I looked around to find an empty seat and was relieved to find several. I went over to an empty desk and put my books down on the table. A few minutes later Baywatch Barbie walked in with two more who could be poster girls for plastic surgery. She looked over at me and gave me another one of her death glares while she continued talking to her two friends. She started pointing over at me and I was about to go over and shove her finger up her ass when another girl sat down next to me. "Hi, you must be new here. My name is Angela," she introduced. I looked at her and smiled, "Yeah I am. My name is Bella Swan." I looked over to the three bimbos and then turned to Angela. "Who are they?" I asked. She looked over at whom I was speaking about. "The one with the long strawberry hair is Tanya. She is co-captian of the cheerleading squad, queen bee of this school and she is dating the quarterback of the football team. The two with her are Lauren and Jessica, her two sidekicks. They usually do all her dirty work." I nodded and turned around to face the teacher. My mind was going into over drive. Was the green-eyed boy that captured my heart only this morning her boyfriend and quarterback of the football team? If so then it was best to forget him now, I do not want to make any enemies in this school. Besides he would never be interested in plain old me when he had Baywatch Barbie by his side. The rest of the morning flew by and lunchtime finally arrived. I walked with Angela to the cafeteria and looked around to see if I could find Alice. I finally found her sitting at the far end of the room with Rose and Emmett. I asked Angela if she wanted to sit with us but she declined explaining that she usually sat with her boyfriend Ben and his friends. I went to get my lunch when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to find Jasper grinning goofy at me. "Hey Belles. How was your morning," he grinned. I continued to go up the lunch line without answering him. I had decided to ignore him every time he uses that nickname on me. I paid for my food and walked toward the lunch table. Jasper was quick to catch up. "OK Bella, I won't call you by that nickname anymore. Just please don't ignore me sis," he pouted. I could not help but laugh at him. He always was a goof ball. We sat down and Alice started hitting me in the leg while she was looking over at Jasper. She gave me a pleading look asking me to introduce her. "Jazz, this is Alice Cullen. Alice this is my twin brother Jasper," I introduced. They looked at each other with lust and longing in their eyes. She finally tore her eyes away to start talking to me. "I can't believe you're a twin. So am I. As a matter of a fact here he comes now," she gushed. She looked toward a tall shadow standing behind me. "Bella, I would like you to meet my twin brother Edward. Edward this is my new best friend Bella," she said. I turned to look at the shadow behind me and for the second time today my vocal cords would not work as I looked into the green emerald eyes that I loved and could not stop thinking about.