I'm Rosalie Swan," she shook his hand and smiled, glad that it wasn't her who had trouble speaking for a change. "Right back at ya'." Jasper elbowed him. "I mean, you too." Emmet gave her a smile, one so big that showed his dimples. Right then her cellphone started ringing. "I'm sorry I'll-" she was about to turn it off, but Emmet was quick to tell her to pick up, that he'd see her tomorrow at four. As she walked away, about to answer, she heard the two men speaking quietly. "She looks just like –" Emmet started to say, surprise coloring his voice. "I know." Jasper interrupted. "Hey." Rosalie finally said to Alice. She swiftly explained the situation with their mother and she went to buy ice. From across the main entrance she saw Royce, who smiled at her and waved. She decided to ignore him and rushed home. "Rose, Bella." Rosalie simply nodded and went upstairs to hide the ice in the trashcan. It wasn't that they were expecting violence from their mother; it was that Bella got into fights and Renee wouldn't give her anything for the bruises, claiming that coddling Bella would be counterproductive. What they knew for sure was that it had been three weeks since their father's death and Renee had left a day after, coming back now and having to bail her youngest daughter would make the scolding that much bigger. Thus, they grabbed three cokes from the fridge and hid in their room until Bella made it upstairs. The car ride had been uncharacteristically silent. Bella didn't try to talk to her mother and Renee tried to not loose it while driving. They got to their house; from the outside it looked like any of the others surrounding it: white brick walls, two floors and stairs that lead to the main door. Once inside it was a completely different matter. The brownstone had been adapted to become a single-family residence. The first floor was quite open, to the right was the living room, where a blue couch sat on the far side of the room facing a TV set that their father had deemed necessary, to the wall in the right was a white bookcase that had titles that ranged from Austen's classics to The Velveteen Rabbit to Eating in the Light of the Moon. Bella tried to go up to her room but before she could even make a step in that direction her mother started speaking. "Isabella Marie Swan." Bella flinched. "Why can't you try to be open to the truth?" Renee was not someone to be messed with; she looked like a peaceful hippie, but was the happy owner of a black belt in karate and in mixed martial arts. Aside from the physical threat that she was, she had intellectual knowledge that made her an unforgivable opponent. "I've tried to instill in all of you girls the way to live." She stepped closer to Bella. "Mom, I— " before she realized what she'd done wrong, Renee had already closed the distance between them and slapped her. "Do not call me that." Renee had always had an aversion to the title and had preferred her daughters called her Renee or ma'am if necessary. Not even Charles had understood the reasoning behind this choice. Bella simply put her hand up to her left cheek where the slap had landed. "Sorry. It slipped." Renee remained quiet; her eyes alight with anger. "I know you don't believe in what I fight for— " "You are not fighting for anything! You are giving the opposing group more arguments to their side!" Bella frowned, and Renee looked relieved that her daughter seemed to be contemplating what she did wrong. "Your so called 'cause' has no feet or head. Stop it. Stop trying to convince the rest of the world of something that will not and can not be changed." "I can try!" Renee scoffed. "People are the ultimate resource; through innovation or intensification, humans can respond to increased numbers!" "That's not the motor to your argument and you know it. You just want women to stop being able to have bodily autonomy." "Renee, the overwhelming majority of pregnancies occur as a result of consensual sex." Her mother's green eyes twinkled with mirth. "It is unjust to deny an unborn child's right to life in favor of a bodily autonomy right that could have been vindicated earlier, and without violence, through the practice of abstinence or contraception." By the end of her speech Renee's humor had gone from mildly amused at a child's antics to immutable outrage. "What you are is worse than any of your self-appointed 'enemies'. You are an anti-feminist! An insult to all of us!" she yelled as she slapped her, leaving a nasty red mark on Bella's face, which she was certain, would later develop into a bruise. With a wounded ego and burning face, Bella left her mother and ran upstairs where her sisters comforted her. Oblivious to their sister's assailant, they assumed she'd gotten beat up in prison, again. "Oh, Bella. Look at your face." Alice hovered with the ice in her hand. "You have got to stop making those people mad!" Rose nodded and Bella remained quiet, allowing her sisters to live in blissful ignorance. An hour later Rosalie went downstairs and to ask her mother what she wanted to eat. She found Chinese food containers and a note: Bella, I'm sorry for snapping at you. The food's on me. The evening took a much calmer path, Renee didn't show up again and the sisters decided to talk about movies and boys. Rosalie told them about Royce's wave and how she'd ignore him, which earned her reproachful looks from Bella and Alice. A/N: Hi everyone! This is my first story and I would really really really appreciate comments. Thank you so much for reading, I hope you're liking the story so far, I'd love to hear from you!