He has a rather fine ass but I really need to keep my fucking head in the game. Really Bella? The music suddenly lowers considerably. Out of nowhere the music ends abruptly. The DJ makes an announcement over the loud speaker asking everyone to clear the dance floor. I watch as Masen's suits herd the crowd along to clear it completely. "Excuse me young lady." I jump when a voice spoke up from behind me scaring the ever loving shit out of me. It wasn't like me to lose focus on my surroundings, especially under the conditions I have managed to find myself in. I realize it is the man that had positioned himself closest to me. "Sorry didn't mean to scare you." He gives me an apologetic smile, and I can tell he means it. I hold my hand over my chest and look up at him. Before I get a chance to ask, he is explaining what he wants from me. "Miss, I have orders that I am required to follow, I need to escort you down to the dance floor. Please if you will come with me," He holds out his arm expecting me to just take it and go with him. "Look, I really don't want to dance, I appreciate the offer, but no thank you." "Please sweetheart, I am just doing my job, and right now, my Boss is watching me and waiting for me to bring you down to the dance floor. I assure you, nothing bad will happen, I think he just wants to dance with you." I narrow my eyes, shake my head and hiss under my breath. This is not keeping a low profile and I want to punch him in the junk for calling me out like this. I should be angry his soldier is trying to lay a guilt trip on me, but now I am curious as hell. Does he have any idea who I am. No. It can't be possible. There is no way. Only one way to find out. "Fine, but you lead, I follow." I demand and he nods. I fall behind him down to the dance floor where I discover that I am the only one standing here. If he wanted to dance with me where the fuck is he? This all suddenly makes me nervous. This bad. So bad. I am standing here, the center of attention and I haven't the slightest clue what is going on. When off to the side he glides towards me, light on his feet as if he is walking on air. The lighting in the entire club dims, a soft spotlight comes on above me, placing me front and center in front of the entire club. This is bad. The pretty one moves in closer, and closer and if I said he was pretty before from a distance, pretty doesn't come close. He is fucking stunning. When the music starts I seriously do not believe my ears. Was he serious or kidding me with this fucking song? I watch his hand move towards me, slide around to settle low on my back, his hold tightening as he pulls me into him. The movement is fucking smoother than smooth. Sly. I will give him that much when I end up with his leg between my thighs, and our hips are the only part of our bodies that are making any contact. He holds his upper body away from me, staring at me with the most penetrating green eyes I have ever seen. I am quite literally dumbstruck. He begins to sway his hips to the beat of the music moving me with him. He bends his knees slightly, taking me down a little with him, still swaying his hips back and forth while moving us back up. Our hips are the only part of our bodies that is moving, nothing else. He circles around and then back up again leading me completely. My body has never moved in this way and it follows his lead as he moves it for me. I am elated that he is the one taking control, not to mention relieved, because I am not good at dancing with another person. The way he has me moving this way, then that way with him, is sexy as hell and I swear his eyes are growing heavier, still giving me that little half smirk. Holy fucking hell could he move. He has the hips of a God, as he rocks my body with his, and I let him do whatever he wants with me. I stare at him the entire time, while those around the club disappear, not even a thought in my head as his hips circulated to the beat of the music while he is pressing his thigh harder between my legs. If he keeps this up the liklihood of me about to have an orgasm is inevitable. Then he leans in and whispers, "What's your name beautiful?" His voice made me whimper. Yes you heard me right. Whimper. Like a fucking baby. He pulls back waiting for me to answer. I can't even think straight, let alone form a cohesive sentence! I just stare at him. His smirk grows a little more, "If I tell you mine, will you tell me yours?" he is teasing me now playfully, and I realize I need to say something. "Isabella….I mean...B..Bella." I stutter. "Masen." He sways his hips grinding into me, he dips me, then spins me around and begins to lip sync to one lines from the song. His eyes paralyze me and I realize that I have to get out of here right now, but I can't seem to get my legs to do what I want. I watch his lips repeat the words and if he keeps doing what he is doing, he is damn sure going to get what he wants. I wanna kiss you all over, and over again… RobsHandMonkey