of our day, I'm so glad we shared it together. ~graduation day~ Thumbs up! I've graduated finally, after having to deal with 4 years of family drama while going through high school. Bella is happy she's finally graduated also but I hate what's going to happen this upcoming September College….3000 miles away from each other. You would think we wouldn't even think of going to separate schools but she's staying in Washington, she's going to school in Seattle so she can stay by her father and not be too far away. I'm going to the University of Central Florida, I got a scholarship there and there was no way I was turning it down. My mom is going to bawl her eyes out when I leave in August. "I still can't believe you're going to school in Florida man!" my older brother –Emmett- said "I know Emmett. You've said that a million times" I said He rolled his eyes at me and walked off to his long-time girlfriend Rosalie. "Why do you have to go so far away?" Bella asked taking off her gown "I don't know baby, but we can Skype and stuff, I'll come home to you every time I can" I said "I'll miss you deeply" she said "I know, I'll miss you to baby. So so much" I said "Now let's spend our summer together" she said "Always" I said smiling ~2 years later~ "Edward" she groaned We still spoke over Skype, every other day we spoke and something always changed between us. "Fuck Bella! Please don't do this" I said "I want to do this Edward" she said frowning "Bella…." I said "I'm coming there Edward. No matter what you say, please" she said "Love you Bella" I said "I love you too Edward. I can't wait to see you" she said "I can't wait to see you too honey" I said ~the next day~ I stood in the airport with my head down. I looked up every now and then to see if my belle was anywhere near and I saw her. "Bella!" I said Her head whipped my way and she grinned running over and jumping in my arms kissing me, "I missed you" she said "I know baby, I missed you too. I'm so glad to see you baby" I said hugging her close She jumped UT of my arms and grinned like crazy, I just loved this lady. "Was it cold in Seattle?" I asked She snorted "Of course it was Edward, it's the end of November," she said "Well it's not freezing cold here so we can do things you can't at home" I said wrapping my arm around her shoulder and taking her bag. "Well then let's go have some fun" she grinned ~Christmas eve in forks~ I was sitting in the park…it was cold here in Forks, it was so much different than being in Florida for the whole year besides the summer and holidays…Bella came up to me soon with her hands stuffed in her pockets. "Edward what are you doing out here? It's freezing!" she said walking up to me "Bella…." I said "Edward what's wrong? Did they call you back again? Is that what you're trying to tell me?" she asked putting her hand on my face I shook my head. My work had always called me back for emergencies…it was all way to stupid. "No they didn't call me back Bella, but….do you remember when I told you that year?" I asked "Yes Edward I remember the year, 105 years, I don't know what it has to do with anything" she said "Can we spend that time together? 105 years, or forever Bella" I said "Edward I won't live into my 130's…." she said I grinned, "I know that Bella, it's not what I meant" I said "Then what did you mean exactly?" she asked sitting on the swing next to me I stood from my seat on the swing and she frowned standing with me, "You know I love you right?" I said taking her hand in mine "I know, I love you too" she said "Are you sure you love me?" I asked "Edward! How can I not love you? I've loved you my whole life, ever since I met you that day when we were 4…." She said "You know it's been 4 years or more since Alice's death" I said She frowned and tears brimmed her eyes "I know" she said I pulled her close to me and rubbed her back as she silently cried… "Bella, do you want to be with me—"I said "Edward!" she said "Forever" I said finishing my sentence "What do you mean forever?" she asked confused I got off of the bench and pulled the box that had been burning in my pocket down on one knee, she gasped in shock "Just like you, I've loved you since we were 4 years old. It took me 14 years to admit my feelings to you, and I loved you every minute of those days, I was so jealous of my sister or having you as her best friend. I actually cried the night you left with your mother. Bella….marry me? Become mine forever?" I asked She had tears in her eyes the whole time "Yes! Oh my god Edward! Yes!" she squealed throwing her arms around me I picked her up in my arms and kissed her. I just kissed her for what seemed like forever. I finally got to say the words I wanted to say my whole life to my one true love…. will you marry me? "I love you" I said "I love you too" she said This was supposed to be in a contest, but apparently the grammar wasn't good enough so I gave up and moved on with it. How did you like it? Was it as good as the summary promised? I hope you enjoyed :) Happy Thanksgiving! Please review!