turned twelve in September, I've….he's just been a fascination of mine. I admit it, I like the guy, and my sister knows this. He graduated last year, with our brother Emmett, and went off to college in Seattle. No one really sees him around, so when Alice mentioned she saw him today I was surprised. Why would he be here? "What do you mean?" I asked "I mean I saw him! He's in the school" she said "Why?" I asked She shrugged, and looked away, I knew she was hiding something from me. "Alice, you're hiding something from me" I said She sighed "Emmett called last night" she said "So?" I asked "He knew Edward was coming up to Forks today and informed me about it….he said something…about Edward" she said "What about…?" I asked being cut off by the bell "I'll tell you later" she said We headed to our lockers, the same one's we've had since freshman year, and pulled out our books for our next class. Which happened to be English, we were lucky enough to sit next to each other. "So, tell me" I said "I told you I'll tell you later" she said " It is later!" I said She giggled and shook her head at me, "It's nothing major, Bella" she said "Liar," I said She rolled her eyes at me and class continued like it normally did, we had a partner project and obviously Alice and I paired up. We worked on the project quietly without saying a word about what was said at lunch to each other and only focused on the project we had to do. The rest of the day went by quickly and I was thanking god, it was Friday. We were one week closer until Christmas Break! When we got in my car I looked at my sister, "Tell me" I said "Edward likes you" she blurted out covering her mouth My jaw dropped, "What?" I asked "Emmett said, he likes you! Also, Emmett says he knows you like him too and you'd be the perfect match…and…and…" she said "Back up a minute Alice, did you say he l-I-k-e-s me? Plain ole Isabella Cullen?" I asked "You are not plain! If Edward Masen, the football quarterback, likes YOU then you are far from plain. You're a beautiful girl Bella," she said I sighed and started the car before driving off to our home, which had changed so much in the last 6 years since I got here. With more additions to the family, Alice, the house had grown. There were more rooms and the dining room was HUGE, we were lucky dad was a doctor. When we got home, I noticed a truck, Edward's truck in our driveway. He was obviously visiting with our parents. "See, maybe this is meant to be" she said winking at me I blushed and smacked my sister's shoulder turning off the car and getting out. When I walked into the house, I knew he was here, I….I could just tell. When I walked into the living room my mother stood up and smiled at me. "Welcome home Bella" she said "Mom" I said I looked over and saw the face of Edward Masen, "Edward" I said "Bella" he said ~a year later~ I sat there, waiting. I was nervous, super nervous to be exact. "Bells" Emmett whined "Shut up Em," I said "Oh come on Bella, it can't be that bad" he said "You're an idiot!" I snapped at him "I kind of believe this stupid thing is true, about how you are acting" he said to me rolling his eyes "Well keep your mouth shut! I don't really want this to be true, do you know how much this would ruin my future?" I snapped at him again "You think it will just effect you? Bella, this is going to effect everyone " he said "Though Emmett, it'll effect, me the most" I said " And my best friend" he said "Yes, and Edward" I said rolling my eyes "So, why couldn't that dude come with you? Should….Does he know?" he asked "Not yet" I said "Isabella Cullen" the nurse called at the doors I stood from my seat and walked toward the nurse, she just smiled at me. "Hi sweetheart, what are you doing here? You're dad took the day off today, and you know you could have said—" she said "I'm here to see a doctor" I said She looked…confused, "You can't be…" she said I bit my lip "Are you a senior?" she asked "Freshman in college" I said "I didn't even know you were seeing someone" she said "Yeah….it was kind of a secret" I said "I see, now it might not be so secret anymore" she said "I guess" I said as she led me to a room She told me to sit and wait and went over to cabinets, pulling out a few things. She pulled out a cup, "I need you to pee in this, and come back" she said handing me the cup I did my business came back and gave it to her, without even hesitation. "Give me a minute and I'll be back, the doctor will be in soon" she said It wasn't that long before she came back into the room and the doctor followed, "Hello Isabella" he said "Dr. Crowley" I said "We've done the home test, according to the test, you are….indeed pregnant" he said I curled up into a little ball and just….sobbed. I wasn't ready to be a mother….and I knew for a fact Edward Masen wasn't ready to be a father. To Be Continued…. A/N- Do you hate me yet ;)? Do you want to know what happens next? Then keep reading, pop me a review, AND follow the story! I hope you liked this and a big Bella's point of view, it probably won't change in the next part! *mwah* Review if you want!