bleeding from his nose, but not as heavily as before. He decided to lie on the floor. He looked around and saw nothing but pentagrams, all over the place. They were on the walls, the ceilings, even on the floor he was reclined against. "Take you time, deary," he laughed nervously. He tried to look as casual as possible, trying not to draw attention to himself. He was very tired and wanted to take a nap, but feared if he started bleeding through his mouth and nose again that lying down would cause him to drown in his own blood. He started singing songs like; Danny Boy, to keep himself up. He was anxious for the wiccan's return and started twiddling his thumbs. "Elder…elder I've dune as you said I brought the werewolf to us so may I go and tend to him now?" Quinn said in a breathy voice, she had run to her elder in a state of eagerness. Eager to find her and get back to the lyken. The elder smiled at her then gave her a huge in welcoming then shooed Quinn off. Quinn was anxious to get back to dante leaving the wolf alone in a house full of Wicca's, she new that some of her coven was not the nicest. Rolling her eye's at the memory of her two twin fellow wiccan cousins and there "evil" pranks and attitudes. They would love the chance to try something with Dante. "Ma'm im going back to my charge ok" Quinn nodded to her Elder then left the room. Walking up to see that the wolf was in a state of announces and discomfort she made her self noun first before going to do her job in healing him. "OH, I just remembered that all my stuffs in my nap sack." She walked over to get her nape sack across the hall from Dante. She knelled in front of Dante. her dress pulled around her and over his legs. She pulled open her nap sack rummaging around, pulling out her cauldron and other needed items. She looked up into Dantes eyes and said "Do you mind if I take off your shirt. Id like to check and see if there is any internal bleeding or damage". He sighed out of frustration. But then, reluctantly took off his shirt to be examined by the wiccan. His body portrayed a well-muscled abdomen, while his bosom framed a gigantic scar in the shape of a giant wolf paw. His whole face turned red and would stay red until the examination was over. Getting poked at by this odd woman was very humiliating, plus her hands were ice cold. He checked ever so often at the door, to see if anyone would enter and catch him like this. "How long do you think this will take?" He asked impatiently. He got no response. Dante continued to wait impatiently. He grined his teeth nervously, the procedure was taking longer than expected and she hadn't spoken throughout the whole examination. He was worried that his ailment was worse than he first determined. Could something be seriously wrong with his body? He could not tell. The red water continued to leak from his nose like, a facet; and onto the floor, where it seemed to collect into a reasonable sized puddle of blood. He wiped his nose and his wrist became consumed in the blood he attempted to wipe from his nostrils. "Aw, man," he complained trying to shake the blood off his fingertips. He sniffed the air and smiled, "I smell that stranger." He sniffed the air again even more intently, "She's nearby, too." Quinn had been looking at Dante's front torso for a good long time. he kept fidgeting when She would touch a cretin spot. "this hurt when i put my hand here" she said her brows pinching together with concentration. She looked up at him appraising his fetchers and posture. He looked in pain, hes bleeding hadn't stopped and it was worrying her. "Hm can we go in to the conservatory i think u should lay down we dont need to be in the hall." Quinn frowned to herself it was stupid looking him over in the dang hallway, any one could walk in and interrupted them. "ok lets go". Dante sat there on the floor for so long, his whole lower half had become numb. Not only that, but he was injured, he wasn't sure if he would be able to stand and move towards a different area. Regardless he nodded quietly and placed his hand upon the floor. He pushed down on the floor, in order to create some sense of balance. He was now kneeling on one leg, a sort of ridiculous position, but he couldn't help it. He gently scooted himself towards the wall, and tried to erect his back. He placed both hands on the wall and slowly scooted himself upward. Mid-way up the wall, he spat blood from his mouth. The blood fell to the floor and stained it. His legs were quite wobbly, but he managed to stand up. That was the easy part, now he would have to walk, even though he would use the wall as a surface to balance on, it would still be an arduous process. "Okay, let's go," he coughed, his face paler than ever. Noticing the struggle Dante Quinn grabbed his arm and hosted it over her shoulder, putting most of Dantes weight on her to help. She had no idea what was wrong with the werewolf. she had never seen so much blood come out of one person before, it was starting to really scare her. 'i think i need some help maybe i should ask a older healer to make him better. She thought to her self, She worried her bottom lip. She wants to help him but doesn't want to push him or make him feel like she was keeping him against his will.