told me she had to use the restroom," he said. "So basically he got mad because he thought you were in his way. Like Alex said," Emmett said. "That man is such an as—butt to children sometimes," Tanya said shaking her head. "Does he want children?" I asked. "Yeah he does. I'm surprised we waited this long to get married and start a family," she said giggling. I shook my head at her. "Hey Bella," Emmett said. Alex looked over to Emmett and his eyes widened. "You're so big," Alex said. Emmett laughed. "I get that a lot little buddy," Emmett said. Alex laughed and Emmett looked at me. "I think I could find you a man Bella," he said. "Oh no Emmett, I'm fine single. Alex is all I need," I said. "No! Not gonna happen. This guy I know is perfect for you," he said. "I doubt it Emmett," I said. He shook his head and asked Alex if he would take my seat and talk to Tanya, while he took me to meet this guy. "Come on Bella. I want you to meet him," Emmett said dragging me out of the room. I saw Alice wink at Emmett and I looked at him confused as he continued to lead me somewhere. I looked behind me at Alice again and noticed her in a robe and her hair was different, it was confusing. I pulled on Emmett's arm and he stopped in his tracks. "Tell me what you're doing or I'll leave," I said. "I can't," he said. "Emmett," I warned ready to turn around and leave. "This was all a lie. Alice is getting married and wants you and Edward to get back together," Emmett blurted out. He covered his mouth and my eyes widened. "This was basically a scam to get me to Forks?" I asked. "Yeah it was Bella. I'm sorry! I just wanted you and my brother back together so much. He's been so sulky since your mom told us you moved on," Alice said from behind me. "Was everyone in on this?" I asked. "Yes. All except Alex," she said. "Even my own mother?" I asked. "She was the one that suggested the idea," Emmett said. "Why?" I asked. "We wanted to see you happy baby. You haven't been happy since Jason died," Mom said coming over. "I have to been happy!" I said. "No you haven't," she said. "Alex is all I have Mom. What do you expect me to do?" I asked. "Bella. Baby. They're just trying to help." My eyes shot to my ex-boyfriend, who was in a black jacket and tie with jeans and converse shoes. "What do you know? You haven't been in my life since you broke up with me in high school!" I said. "And I regret that every single day," he said. I knew he didn't regret the things he did, but I could always wish. Knowing the truth out of all this would always be the best thing in the world. ~Three Years Later~ "I told you Bella," Alice said poking my arm. "What did you tell me?" I asked. "That you and my brother would work things out. I mean look at you! You're practically glowing," she said. I laughed. "I could say the same thing about you," I said. She laughed and put both hands on her growing stomach. Alice is pregnant, not with one baby, but two. When she found out she was having twins, she screamed in delight. And when I say she screamed, I meant it. I'm not pregnant, not yet anyway. Though Alex has been bugging me lately on when he is going to have a baby brother or sister. He's eight now, and when he's eight he has more of an attitude towards a lot of things. I don't understand him, but I never knew Jason at eight years old and I lost contact with Jason's Mom and Dad after he died. "You knew all along that this would happen didn't you?" I asked. She rolled her eyes. "Of course I did. Even though you said you weren't in love with Edward anymore at the wedding…..well I could see it in your eyes that you were still in love with him but you wanted to think that you weren't in love with him," she said. "Yeah?" I asked laughing. She, again, rolled her eyes. "Calm down girl. You see it right here anyway, I mean you're getting married! To my brother. That means something," she said. I brushed my hair out of the way and Alice slapped me. "Don't ruin your hair," she said. I rolled my eyes. Oh Alice. Alice stood up from her seat, slowly, and walked over to the closet. She opened the closet doors and grabbed my dress. "Mary Alice! What are you doing?" Esme said rushing in the room. Alice froze in her spot. Esme had told her that she didn't want her to do anything but walk down the aisle with Jasper at her side. Alice was confident to disregard what her mother said and do something to help anyway. "Just trying to help Bella get on her dress Mom," she said. Esme shook her head and walked over to Alice, grabbing my dress from her. "I told you I would be right back. Go sit back down," Esme said pointing to Alice's chair. Alice groaned and walked over to the chair. Esme smiled and walked to me. "Are you ready sweetheart?" she asked. "Aren't I always?" I asked. She laughed and I laughed with her….I knew I loved this family and I know getting married after resolving problems, even though it took three years, was the best thing to do. I don't regret anything. I'm…I'm just happy how my life turned out, for the better and the worse. Cheesy ending right? Lol! Thanks for reading. If you donated for LLS, you obviously already read this. Thanks again for reading :D