me. "In the fireplace. Could you put it out? It's hot in here." Her nose wrinkles — it's kinda cute. "It's not that hot." Suddenly she walks over to the table, laying the palm of her hand on my forehead. "What are you doing?" I ask, trying to bat her hand away. "You have a fever. It's probably from your wound. I told you that needed to be cleaned out." "I'm fine ." "No, you're not. Let me try to look at it." "You're a vet, not a doctor," I scoff. It hurts enough without her poking around. "Well, unless you plan to turn yourself in, you're not going to get a doctor." "Forget it," I grumble, standing up from the table. "I wish you had a fucking beer." While she does the dishes, I head to the bathroom, happy to piss in a clean toilet for the first time in a month, then sit on her couch and pick up the remote control. My side is killing me, and it most certainly is hot in here, no matter what the vet says. Sometime later, she joins me in the living room. I glance up at her, wondering what the hell she's been doing in the kitchen for so long. "Ready to let me look at it yet?" she ask snarkily, nodding toward my side. "No." I don't trust her not to do something to hurt me on purpose. "What's your name?" she asks, sitting on the far end of the couch from me. "Edward. You?" "Bella." "Beautiful." "Do you know how many times I've heard that cheesy line in my life?" she snorts. "Does it work?" I ask with a grin. Please say yes. "No, it doesn't." Damn. We sit and watch a movie, the cat curled up in her lap the whole time. I still think it's really fucking hot in here but I don't complain. My side still hurts, and I can see a little bit of blood starting to seep through the bandage. When I need to piss again, I get up and walk back into the bathroom. I feel a little dizzy when I stand up, and as I stand over the toilet, the feeling only gets worse. I flush, then sit on the closed toilet lid with my head in my hands, trying to get the dizziness and nausea to pass. My head is pounding, and a couple drops of sweat fall from my forehead, making dark spots on the legs of the orange jumpsuit. All of a sudden, I need to throw up. I stand, lifting the lid and seat just in time to lose my dinner. Fuck. I continue to kneel on the floor for a few minutes, then stand up, flushing again. I try to rinse my mouth at the sink. I'm not feeling any better; it feels like I've got the fucking flu or something. Maybe I need to let the vet help me after all. Slowly, I make my way out of the bathroom. I don't see Bella anywhere, but the light is on in the only room I haven't been in yet, so I head over that way to look for her. I find her standing in front of her bedroom closet, her shirt riding up while she reaches for something on the top shelf. "I don't… feel so good," I tell her. She looks over at me and gasps, then quickly moves from the closet, reaching an arm around my waist to prop me up. "Let's get you back to the couch." I take one step and fall to my knees, too dizzy to continue. "I… can't…" I tell her, looking up at her helplessly. Fuck. Fuck, fuck. "All right, change of plans — can you get to the bed?" Her bed doesn't look too far away, so I begin crawling on my hands and knees over there. Bella helps me get to my feet so I can sit on the edge. By all rights, I should've died from my stab wounds 13 years ago, but I'm not ready to go yet, not for something so stupid as a gunshot that almost missed me. "Am I gonna die?" I ask as she helps me lie down. "Not if I can help it. I wish you would've let me look at your wound more earlier," she scolds. "Yeah, yeah… just like a woman to always have to be right." She helps me get settled with my head on the pillow, then begins taking my shoes off. "You'd better not bleed on my bed," she warns before she starts undressing me. Goddamnit, I wish I could do something about the fact that I'm about to be naked in front of her. "Trying to have your way with me?" I ask with one eye closed. Maybe she could do all the work; as soon as I don't feel like I need to puke, I mean. "You wish. I'm trying to make you comfortable." "Thank you," I tell her, reaching out to grab her hand. I really feel like shit. My life is in her hands right now… and just… fuck. Nodding, she gives me a small smile. "I'll pick up some things tomorrow to try and fix you up, all right?" "You won't turn me in?" I still don't understand what would possess her to help me. "I told you I won't. I'll pick up whatever you need so you can leave. Just try to rest now. I'll be back with a cool washcloth for your forehead." Rest, yeah that sounds good… I close my eyes, hoping I feel a hell of a lot better when I open them again. A/N: I'll post twice a week, except this week when there will be three chapters posted. The next two are relatively short. Those who have read Reason For Living know why. ;) For those who are new to Cheekyward, welcome again, and let me know what you think of him!