coworkers are as judgmental as my friends. As nervous as I am, I drain my glass of wine rather quickly. "Can I get anyone another drink?" I ask, standing up. "I'll take another beer," Edward replies. I narrow my eyes at him. "Please," he adds. "I think I've been a very, very good boy." I get the hell out of there before Bree starts catching on to his innuendos. Returning with our drinks a couple of minutes later, I find Edward sitting alone. "Where did Bree go?" I ask as I sit down. "She went to, and I quote, 'raid the dessert table.'" "Ah." "I thought she'd never leave us alone," he adds, taking a long drink of his fresh beer. "She doesn't know there's any reason we should want to be alone." Edward reaches his hand across the table, squeezing mine gently. "I really think you underestimate everyone, Bella. I could kiss you right now and no one would bat an eye." "Kiss me right now and you'll lose an eye," I retort, pulling my hand away from his. "Or maybe something you hold a little more dear." He smirks. "I think you'd regret that one." "Do you want to get some dessert?" I ask, changing the subject. "I'd rather have you for dessert." "Later," I promise, standing up. There is a line for the dessert table, so Edward and I stop a few feet away at the back of the line. I crane my neck to check out the goodies on the table. "It's fate," he whispers. "What?" I ask, turning to Edward, who's staring at something above his head. I look up to see a sprig of mistletoe hanging from an archway. I see the intent in his eyes before he even moves, but I'm frozen in place. When his lips meet mine, it's no simple peck — no, he goes all out with open mouth and tongue, leaving no mistake in the minds of anyone watching that this isn't the first time we've kissed. We break apart at the sound of applause. I look around, confused, when I realize they're all watching us, applauding for us. Finally, Edward's boss, Riley, speaks. "It's about freakin' time! You two have only been mooning over each other for the last seven months." My mouth gapes as I stare at him. Were we that obvious? I look up at Edward, who's eyeing me nervously. I don't know what to say. He kissed me in front of everyone when he knew I didn't want him to. But so far, the sky hasn't fallen. "Bella, you sneaky bitch!" Bree says, coming over to slap me on the back. "Tapping that and you didn't tell anyone?" "I—" "She was afraid of everyone's reaction," Edward says quietly. "Oh honey, no one cares about shit like that. Now if you want a real scandal, I just heard that the very married Newton from over in Accounting was caught kissing his secretary in the coatroom." "Hey!" calls one of my direct reports, Angela Weber, as she walks up to us. "About time you guys went public, though I just lost twenty dollars on the bet." "What bet ?" I ask, horrified. She shrugs. "Ever since Edward here walked out of your office with sex hair earlier this month, the whole gang has been betting on when you'd come out as a couple. I said it would be between Christmas and New Year's." "Who… who won?" I ask shakily. Oh my God, he fixed my hair that day, but I can't believe we didn't worry about his . "Riley," she answers. "I wonder if he had the inside track." Edward can't control his grin as he takes my hand in his. "I told you no one would care," he whispers, kissing me softly. "Will you let me live? And keep all of my body parts?" "You've been very naughty, but…" I pause dramatically, "I am rather fond of your body parts." "I'm rather fond of you," he whispers. When he kisses me again, I throw caution to the wind and twine my arms around his neck, kissing him back with everything in me. Finally he pulls away, then leaves three soft kisses on my lips. "Let's get some dessert." Edward hands me a plate and I grab a couple of yummy-looking mini cheesecakes, then let him lead me back to our table with his hand on the small of my back. It feels… right there. "Not as good as your cookies," he decides, licking his fingers once his plate is empty. "You don't have to flatter me to get your way, you know." He grins, leaning over to kiss me. "Since you're going to Forks for Christmas, can I give you your gift tonight?" "Is it something I actually need to unwrap?" "Oh, there will definitely be unwrapping involved." "God, you have a one-track mind sometimes." I slap his chest as I stand up and start walking for the exit. "I'm at my sexual peak, Bella," he says, running to catch up with me. "Oh my God, keep your voice down!" I cry, mortified. Edward laughs, throwing his arms around me from behind. "No one is paying any attention to us anymore. Besides, most people are already so drunk they won't even remember this by Monday." "Lucky for you," I tell him, trying to wiggle out of his arms. "Lucky for me, it doesn't matter if Santa puts me on the naughty list, since I already got everything I wanted for Christmas." And if I'm honest, I may have gotten everything I wanted, too. A/N: This story was a Christmas present for moosals, who took the story I told her about inviting a 22-year-old and 19-year-old from my office to help put up my Christmas tree and came up with a much more interesting plot bunny idea than anything that actually occurred. ;) Check out the link to the gorgeous banner (made by moosals) on my profile!