start opening presents now, then have lunch later" she said "Wait where's Phil?" Charlie asked "Emergency" she said Sounded like a lie to me but I didn't say anything as she passed out the first present. It was for Charlie. It was from Renee and Phil, they had gotten him a new fishing pole. "I hope you still like to fish Charlie, it's the only thing I remembered you liked" she said "It's perfect. Thank you Renee" he said She grinned and passed off another present. This one was from Alice to Phil. Since he wasn't here we moved on with the presents. Only to find one from Esme to her son, Edward. He took it from her put it off to the side and we went on, I had no clue why he did that, embarrassment maybe? Or he knew what it was already and didn't want to open it? It's all so confusing with this family. I got a present, it was some hair products from Renee. She said if I didn't like them she had the receipt I could go and get something else. I shook my head gave her a hug and told her it was perfect. She gave Emmett some video games and he was overjoyed with his new games he could play on his Xbox when we got back home. Edward opened some of his presents put them to the side said thank you and didn't say anything else. Emmett was watching him very carefully. Emmett would peak at me every now and then and I would smile at him, I liked being here. "I've got another present for all you kids under 25 but you'll have to wait until New Year's" Renee said "Mom we won't be here on New Year's, we're going home tomorrow" Bella said "I'm sorry Renee" I said "Do you have more family in Arizona Rose?" she asked "No, I was a foster child, I have no family" I said "I'm sorry honey, Emmett?" she asked "My parents died when I was 18" he said "Then why can't you stay Bella?" Renee asked Bella was about to speak but I did, "We all just want to come home, if I must admit, she didn't want to come anyway. We're leaving in the early morning" I said "I'm sorry I forced you to come Bella" Renee said She didn't say anything, she got up from the couch threw something on Edward's lap and walked out. I knew exactly what it was, "Listen to it, it is something's you would never believe she went through when you two broke up. Even though she broke up with you doesn't mean she didn't hurt….a lot" I said chasing after Bella I walked into her room and there she sat, "What'd you give him? Are they songs? You speaking?" I asked "It's something…something he'll only understand" she said ~early the next morning (December 26th) ~ I yawned as we made our way to the airport. Bella was sleeping the corner with a tear stained face "Emmett stop the truck" I said He pulled off to the side and put the truck in park. "What's wrong?" he asked "We can't do this anymore, they can't do this anymore" I said "What do you mean?" he asked "Take us back to Renee's place. Bella needs to speak with him. They can't do this anymore. They need….they need to speak with each other" I said He turned the truck around and went to Renee's house again. I shook Bella's shoulders "Bella wake up" I said She turned in her seat and looked at me "This isn't the airport, this is my mom's house" she mumbled "I know, but there's no way I'm going back to Arizona when you can't handle this. You need to speak with him, see him for him not for the anger you have with him" I said "Rose" she sighed "No Bella, we're not going to Arizona until you two talk" I said "You suck" she said opening her door and slipping out. I rolled my eyes, hopefully this will work, Bella's POV I slipped out of the truck and walked back into the house. He was in the kitchen, he looked back at me "Hi" he said "Hi" I said "Weren't you leaving?" he asked "We need to talk and not argue" I said "I know" he said. "I'm sorry I broke up with you! I…I don't know what happened between us I just…there was something missing between us and it made me feel different like I didn't love you anymore." I gushed to him "I know Bella…I know. I listened to the CD. If you don't know this it wasn't very easy for me either, it was a big thing for me. We were together three years Bella. There was no way it was going to go away easily" he said I walked over and wrapped my arms around him, "I still love you" I mumbled "I know. I love you too" he said "Who is Kate? Are you with her or something?" I asked. "Who is Kate? Well," he said. "Tell me," I said. "She was just someone," he said. "Edward! Tell me who she was," I said. "She was someone I was with after we separated," he said. "Yeah, and?" I asked. "We got drunk, and something happened…" he said. "Edward," I said. "I got rid of her! She wouldn't let me go, everytime I tried to get rid of her," he said. "You two married," I said. "Drunk," he said. "That's why she refers to herself as Kate Cullen?" I asked. "Exactly," he said. "You should have said something," I said. "I know but I just….I forget," he said. "Whatever you say lover boy," I said. A/N- This is the end for those two. They had a rough time in the beginning but it was easier to take Bella back then Edward ever thought. Hope you enjoyed it!