has to offer. It's through her I come to appreciate underrated writers like Olaf Stapledon or Dambudzo Marechera. Besides, as we're comfortable to do our favored pastimes and partake our cherished hobbies, we come to know each other by observation. The tête-à-tête comes naturally, nothing feels forced out. "Renée's cooking sucked more than usual." I start after ten minutes. Lynn is gifted to hear her music in deafening volume through one ear, yet being crystal clear with the other. She smirks. "She must've been giddy that she won't be burdened by motherhood anymore." "Yup." Oh, if only you knew Lynn. Yet, I don't want you to know. "Overlooking the fact that I've been mothering her the moment I was potty trained." "When were you?" "Two." As expected, she snickers. Oblivious to my honesty. I'm not complaining, I accepted that Renée isn't synonymous to what makes a mother. But poking fun at it lessens the pain of that fact, pretending for a few seconds that it's not my truth. Told you I'm good at pretending. So the next couple of hours was small talk here and there, mopping the kitchen floor when Mrs. Davies "asked" me to, and before I know it, it's time to go. Perched on my bike for one last ride, Lynn stands off on the curb. "So, I'll write to you?" I teased. She snorts. "It's called e-mailing, Victorian Era." People say we're snarky with each other, Renee thinks I need to learn how to pick friends. Stereotypes rule everything. "I'll be sure to send you uncountable messages on every mundane detail." "Do that, and I'll disconnect." But we know we'll miss each other. With a nod to my only friend, I ride away. I could feel Lynn watching my back, and I'm tempted to look back at her… but for the sake of my bone structure and that it's not the last I'll see of her, I continue to face forward. I'm half-surprised that my things were already put in the trunk. Nothing cluttered, just two decent sized cases and my bookbag carrying my diaries – thirty-six editions worth eleven years. Nothing to say, I just hop into the back seat. The ride to the airport was roughly thirty minutes, just enough time to read the conclusion to The Kite Runner . An engaging read, albeit relentlessly depressing and – efu laghati* – I fucking loathe Assef (befitting that "ass" is in the bastard's name). His comeuppance was personally dissatisfying, but the ray of hope in the end makes up for it. The last ten minutes I spent contemplating after finishing the final page. Of all the characters, Hassan is by far my favorite, and it tears my heart every time reflecting the life he led. Amir – the protagonist – was a coward who needed to attone through Hassan's son, and this time around he accepted all the suffering, and all the hardships to do the right thing. This serves to strengthen my belief that the good guy is always stronger: it's easy to do what's wrong, but it's tough to do what's right. The airport is in sight, and before I know it, me and my luggage are out of the car. Renée is considerate enough to hug me and lavish my face with kisses – thankfully she's not donning lipstick like usual. "I'm gonna miss you, sweetie! Miss you!" She blubbers through kleenox. "I'll miss you too, mom." I respond automatically. It's the truth, I do love my mother. I just don't like her. I'm not so angsty not to believe that Renée does love me, but there's a stark difference between saying it and displaying it. Renée has always been all talk. The farewells doesn't drag on, Phil just nodded my way and, once Renée hops back into the car in a rush, I watch them drive off. I can accuse that they were speeding. Nothing new that I have to pull my own weight, literally with my bags. I did what needed to be done to get on the plane, and now I'm waiting an hour and a half before take off. Instead of lamenting what I could've been doing with so much spare time, I just drifted off into la la land. Daydreaming isn't really a hobby, more so an effective time killer. I could dissect anything in my brain… and I just noticed how macabre that sounded, I apologize. … Only I would stitch two unrelated concepts such as cinnamon buns being the catalyst for World War III. I need a psychiatrist. I'm so far gone barely noticed the plane moving. I'm utterly dazed as it took off, barely bat an eyelash as it goes higher and higher. Now I'm on the same level as the clouds… how nice. AUTHOR'S NOTE: And here's the complete chapter that is the beginning of Eventides . Like I've said when this was a promo, I had a liking to Twilight at first, but then the sequels and the Team Edward vs. Team Jacob, and Bella's poor representation as a typical teenage girl, never mind being a role model to teenage girls. But, if you guys like or love the canon series, more power to you. It was creative and it did reach out to its targeted audience, even though some concepts could've been looked at a second time. My intention for this rendition of Isabella Swan is a young girl who is cynical and pragmatic with her surroundings. Her disdain for her life is obvious, but she deals with it only she knows how. I hope to do this story justice, especially writing in first person still feels foreign to me. Please only provide constructive criticism, any flames will be extinguished. *Efu laghati ( عفوا لغتي )—Arabic for "pardon my language". Bella just strikes me as the the type to learn different phrases in different languages. I apologize in advance to native Arabians if this isn't accurate, I'm relying on Google Translate.