live without, and the one who I never really tried to live without. Part of me hopes you will not go running straight into death but instead run to the light, your personal sun, to me. I hope you prove me right, but my hope has been crushed so many times already. " You wouldn't have to change for me, Bella, or say goodbye to anyone. I can give you more than him ." I looked into Edward's shining, triumphant eyes and knew that I was making a mistake. I knew it but it was too late to back out now. This will be my gift to him - as a way for him to deal with the pain—to heal. Jacob needs this. He needs to believe that we were a mistake so he can move on. I need to believe that I was right that I really do love Edward more, so that all the pain Jacob went through—the pain I put him through—would all be worth it. But I want you know that I'm going to try. I'm going to try to start moving forward. " I'm done! I'm so done!" I didn't realize I was crying until I said the binding words. "I do," I managed to choke out in a nearly unintelligible whisper, closing my eyes so I could not see his face. Thinking back on all the things I had said to Jacob since Edward came back into my life. "I don't want to lose you!" "If anyone…" "Jacob, just go, okay?" "Has a reason…." "Jacob, what are you doing?" "Why these two…" "Jacob! Kiss me. I'm asking you... to kiss me." "Should not be married…" "Lose the grin Jacob; I'm just going for the ride." "Then let them speak now… "But... you, why haven't you called me back?" "Or forever hold their peace." "Till my heart stops beating." "I OBJECT!" A bunch of familiar voices shout at the same time. I open my eyes look at them surprised. Charlie, Angela, Rosalie, and most surprisingly Leah. Rosalie stepped forward. "I've told you this once and I'll say it again. You're choosing wrong! Don't condemn yourself to this life with us. Live your life Bella! Don't marry Edward!" she said. Charlie stepped up to finish for her. "I've put up with this crap long enough Bella. You want to know what I think, Bells? I think you and Jacob would've made a great couple. With Jake, you're different Bells, you're a teen, giggling, having fun, you know, the way it should be. With Edward, it's not right. Not at your age. I almost lost you over him, which is why you don't hear me say too much, I was scared I push you away, but Bells, Edward isn't right for you! And I'm not going to let you go through with this!" Charlie shouted. Angela nodded. "He smothers you. He doesn't give you space; you don't see your friends. I've barely got a chance to spend time with you since he came back. When you're with him I don't hear you laugh, I don't see you smile. Edward is damn near controlling you and it needs to stop! I've seen the way Jacob looks at you. He really love you Bella. Don't do this to him." she said. Leah crossed her arms and glared at me. "This is the most screwed up, shit I've ever seen in my life. How could you even think of marrying that leech? I've seen you and Jacob together. I've heard his thoughts. This is going to kill him." She shouted. I opened my mouth to say something but suddenly more people stood up. "I object! You may not have been my best friend but even you deserve better." Jessica said. "I object. You didn't even want to get married in the first place." Renee said. Soon almost everyone with the exception of the Cullen's were on their feet giving me reasons why I shouldn't be with Edward. "Bella!" I heard and turned to see Jacob waiting at the end of the aisle. "Jacob!" I choked as soon as I could breathe. "Jacob!" I shouted. I tried to run toward the sound of his voice but Edward kept his grip under my elbow holding me in place. "This isn't the time for that." He said and Leah punched him. "Run, Bella!" she shouted. I didn't need to be told twice. I heard Edward shouting behind me but I was already in Jacob's arm. "Hey there, Bells." My heart beat faster the sound of his voice. The heat from Jacob's skin burned right through the thin satin dress as he pulled me close. He hugged me while I buried my face in his chest. He leaned down to press his cheek to the top of my head. "Let's get out of here." He said. I nodded. Charlie tossed him the keys to the cruiser and we left quickly after that. Was I making the right choice? I don't know. But I do know one thing. I was happier at the moment than I had been since I had left him that day after the newborn battle. As we drove away I glanced back in the mirror meeting the furious eyes of Edward. "Goodbye," I whispered. "Where to next?" he asked. I giggled. "Anywhere we want!" I shouted happily. He smiled. "Somewhere sunny?" he asked. I nodded. "Somewhere sunny," I said. And then we drove happily away from my perfect wedding with the perfect family and into the imperfect, messy beautiful reality of the rest of our lives. It wouldn't be forever and ever. But it would be mine and I couldn't ask for more. The End Author's note: I've had this on my computer for half a year now so I decided to post it. I will be updating the next chapter of ' Let The Healing Begin soon . hopefully by next Saturday. Please review and let me know your thoughts.