Jacob grinned as he always did when I got mine, then slowed his pace so he could lay on top of me again. He put his weight on his elbows and kissed everything he could reach. His lips were soft and his kisses light while he made love to me. I breathed slowly, deeply, and felt another explosion building. Jacob began to twitch and jerk inside me, and I spurred him on so I could reach my second climax. He slid an arm under me to grip me tighter. With his mouth by my ear, we exploded together. As we came down from our endorphin high, he whispered to me. "I love you, Bella. Always." "Jake. I love you too." It wasn't a lie. I loved him with every fiber of my being. "Stay with me. In our house." "No, Jake. I can't. I need to go home. Please take me home." "Fine. Get dressed." I fingered the smelly, stained clothes he took off of me the night before and frowned. Without saying a word, Jacob pointed to the bottom drawer of the dresser we used to share. I pulled it open and saw it was full of my things that were left behind. I grabbed fresh clothes and went to the bathroom to clean up. When I was somewhat presentable, I gathered my things and walked into the kitchen. Jacob was sitting at the counter with his head in his hands. I felt a pang of guilt. I walked over and tried to wrap my arms around him but he pushed me away. "Let's go." His eyes were pained and his voice was cold. The lack of emotion in his words hurt more than anything. This wasn't my Jake. I destroyed my Jake. This Jake didn't love me; he just wanted me gone. We made it to his car and he helped me in. I curled up in my seat, silent tears running down my cheeks. Jake sat in the driver's seat and slammed the door, making me jump. He didn't even turn his head to check on me. After starting the car, he buckled his seat belt. "Put on your seat belt, Bella." His tone was sharp. Instead of doing as I was asked, I turned to look out the window. "Bella. Put on. Your seat belt," he said through gritted teeth. I ignored him. " Put on the god damned seat belt, Bella! " he shouted. Unable to hold back, I started crying harder, louder. Never in our relationship had he ever yelled at me. Jake reached across me, yanked the belt from above my shoulder, and slammed it into place. This wasn't my Jake. I ruined everything. I fell asleep on the way home. Jake slammed the car into park and shut off the engine. I was glad to see that Charlie's car was gone; he was the last person I wanted to talk to on my long-distance walk of shame. He had been vocal in his feelings about my sudden interest in drinking myself sick, but he was powerless until I broke a law. So he sat and waited, watching me spiral down into this...person I had become. Jake opened my door and walked me inside. "Do you need anything else?" "Just my truck," I said quietly. "Fine. I'll have someone drop it off later." "I love you, Jake." "No, Bella. You can't love me right now. You don't even love yourself." He turned and walked out the door. I dropped to the floor and started sobbing. My chest felt like it was going to explode from the pressure that had built up in it. I crawled up the stairs and to the bathroom. The anxiety medication the doctor in Seattle had given me was on the sink. I grabbed the bottle and searched for something to wash it down with. My cough syrup from the cold I had the previous month was under the sink. In one mighty swallow, I downed every pill in that bottle. The cough syrup tasted good, so I took the rest of that too. I sat back and waited for the pain to stop. My mind began swirling with memories. The first time Jake kissed me, our camping trip in the mountains that nearly froze us to death, the time we ran off to Vancouver for a three day weekend when we were still in high school... I heard my dad's voice. "Jesus, Bella, what have you done? Jake, call an ambulance!" Red lights flashed overhead, and someone dug knuckles into my chest. "She's unresponsive. Get a lift, she's going to Seattle." "Bells, I'm so sorry." Jake spoke softly. "I'll never leave you alone again. Please just wake up." I suddenly burst into tears and started sobbing. They all stopped talking and stared at me. Rose slowly handed me a box of tissues and I accepted them, wiping the black-tinged snot from my nose. Alice reached over and rubbed my back gently. After I had gone through half a box of tissues, I was able to stop the tears. Emmett brought over a small trashcan and I dumped everything from my lap into it. I looked up to see Edward staring at me, looking concerned. I blushed as I realized that the entire therapy session had been stopped because of my emotional outburst, putting me in the spotlight.. "I think that's enough for today," Tanya announced. "Alice, Rose, will you two stay with Bella while I go grab some paperwork?" "Of course!" Alice accepted her position as baby-sitter readily. The men left the room, mumbling about getting snacks and coloring. Edward gave me one last concerned look before following the others out. A spark lit in me. It was something new; something I hadn't felt in a long time. I was suddenly very glad I was stuck in here for the next 48 hours. Sorry, my fellow Jake lovers; he absolutely got the shaft. Poor Jake. Review me! Thanks!