over the last 6 months. "Why are you in Seattle?" he asked. "Well, after I lost my job, thanks for that by the way, I decided to move home. What are you doing in Seattle?" "My, uh, my family lives here. Family emergency, remember? Look, can we talk? Later? At your place, maybe? Or somewhere?" Edward wanted to punch himself in the face for all the stuttering and clipped sentences. "I don't know," Bella answered. Edward looked down, shoving his hands in his pockets, and nodded in understanding. He took a deep breath and lifted his eyes to her beautiful face. "It was good to see you, Sugar. And, for what it's worth, I'm sorry." He walked around Bella and exited the bank. He was a bit shaken and not in the correct frame of mind to do what he was supposed to be doing. He got about a block away when he heard someone yelling his name. He turned and saw Bella running towards him. "Here," she said, handing him a slip of paper. "That's my address. I'm off at 6. If you want to come by. To talk. Or whatever." . . . Edward sat in front of her apartment for a good 10 minutes before he got the courage to get out. He didn't know what the fuck was wrong with him. No woman had ever had him twisted like Bella had. Try as he might, he couldn't stop the fact that he wanted to see her. "Man the fuck up! Maybe she'll let you tap that ass once more, for old time's sake," Edward said to himself, smirking. He knocked on the door and before his knuckles hit a third time, Bella yanked the door open. She was wearing yoga pants and a slouchy sweatshirt that was hanging off one shoulder. Her hair was twisted into a messy knot on top of her head. "I didn't think you were going to come," she said, moving aside so he could move through the door. They stood there and just stared at each other for who knew how long. They weren't sure who moved first, but suddenly they were kissing. He picked Bella up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He walked them to the couch and laid her down. He sat up on his knees and stared down at her. "You're beautiful." "Shut up, Edward," Bella said, grabbing his collar and pulling him down on top of her. Clothes were quickly shed. A condom was rolled on and then he was inside her. It was quick and sloppy and over much too quickly. Afterwards, Edward snuggled up to her, wrapping his large body around her petite form. She played with his hair and he soon found himself dozing off. "Hey Edward?" Bella asked, bringing him back from the brink of sleep. "Yeah, Sugar?" "I want my cut." That certainly woke Edward up. "Of what?" "Don't play dumb, Edward. You know of what." "Um..." Edward lifted his head and put on his best confused face. "Seeing that if it weren't for me you never would have had such easy access to the bank, therefore I think I deserve a cut. And maybe in the future we could be like, I don't know, a team." "A team?" "Yeah." "You're serious?" "Oh yes." "I don't know if you're cut out for this, Sugar." "Tsk, tsk, Edward. For such a big, bad, bank robber, you certainly don't pay that much attention when tits and ass are thrown in your face." "What?" Edward asked, clearly confused by what she was saying. "Ever heard of the Cat Woman?" "The chick in those Batman movies?" Bella laughed. "No, you silly, sexy boy. The cat burglar." "Can't say that I have," Edward responded. Of course he'd heard of the Cat Woman, but he wasn't about to tell her that. Besides, he was curious where she was going with this since no one had heard from the Cat Woman in years. Edward thought maybe she had simply retired on some non-extradition island somewhere. "Well let me tell you then. She has successfully stolen millions of dollars' worth of diamonds and other precious stones. All by herself, mind you. She's quick and stealthy and she just so happens to be..." Bella trailed off, smiling wide. "She just so happens to be on the Feds radar," Edward finished. "You do know who she is!" Bella exclaimed. She shoved Edward in the shoulder when he shrugged. "But that wasn't what I was going to say." "What were you going to say, Sugar?" Edward asked. "I was going to say that she just so happens to be me." Edward's mouth popped open in shock. Well, that certainly makes things interesting. He closed his mouth and twisted his lips into a sexy smirk. "Bullshit!" "Is it?" "Hell the fuck yeah, Cat Woman is on some fucking island living off of the millions she has stolen." Bella sighed. She wished that was the case. "Yes, well, I got a little cocky on the Anderson heist and, let's just say, I lost everything. But this scraping by is not cutting it anymore. I want in," she said, wrapping her hands in his messy bronze hair. "We could be so good together. What do you say?" Edward smirked. Carlisle's going to be pissed . A/N: Thank you for reading. We would like to thank the hosts of The Bad Boys of Twilight Contest for putting on a fun contest that allowed us to work together on this story. We would also like to thank LayatHomeMom for pre-reading this for us and making us both chuckle at your reactions to Emmett and Jasper. Your GIFs were PRICELESS! We are very proud to announce that The C-Note Crew won three awards in the contest. The Host Choice Award from DanceWithMeTonight The Goodfellas Award for Best Supporting Characters The Butch Cassidy & the Sundance Kid Award for Best Alternative Pairing with our Emmett and Jasper.