I admit. "And what happened?" "Can we not talk about this?" I reply, quickly standing up to rinse off my plate. "Fine," he sighs. "Could you put the fire out?" "What?" I ask, spinning around to face him. "In the fireplace. Could you put it out? It's hot in here." My nose wrinkles. "It's not that hot." I notice beads of sweat on his brow and walk over to the table, laying the palm of my hand on his forehead. "What are you doing?" he asks, trying to bat my hand away. "You have a fever. It's probably from your wound. I told you that needed to be cleaned out." "I'm fine ." "No, you're not. Let me try to look at it." "You're a vet, not a doctor," he scoffs. "Well, unless you plan to turn yourself in, you're not going to get a doctor." "Forget it," he says, standing up from the table. "I wish you had a fucking beer." Shaking my head, I grab his plate and begin washing our dishes. After using the bathroom, he plants himself on my couch and picks up the remote control. I spoon some canned food out for Leo, then spend as much time as possible cleaning everything in the kitchen before I finally make my way into the living room. He glances up at me, and I notice he seems to be looking worse. His face is so pale. "Ready to let me look at it yet?" I ask snarkily. "No." "What's your name?" I ask, sitting on the far end of the couch from where he's slouched. "Edward. You?" "Bella." "Beautiful." "Do you know how many times I've heard that cheesy line in my life?" I snort. "Does it work?" he asks with a grin. "No, it doesn't." We sit and watch a movie on HBO, Leo curled up in my lap, before Edward gets up and walks back into the bathroom. It's getting late, and Mrs. Cope will be over by 9am, so I decide to grab some extra blankets from my bedroom and start making Edward a bed on the couch. Spotting the gun sitting near the corner of the couch, I reach for it, but then stop, pulling my long sleeve down over my hand. I pick it up with the sleeve so that I don't leave fingerprints, hiding it in my jewelry box on top of my dresser. I'm searching the top of my closet for an extra pillow when I hear the bathroom door open and Edward appears in the bedroom doorway. "I don't… feel so good," he says quietly. I look over at him and gasp. He's now deathly pale and sweating profusely. I quickly move from the closet and reach an arm around him to try and prop him up. "Let's get you back to the couch." Edward takes one step and falls to his knees, looking up at me with a heartbreaking expression. "I… can't…" Shit. "All right, change of plans — can you get to the bed?" He's no more than five feet from the end of my bed. Crawling on his knees, Edward reaches the bed, and I help him to stand up enough that he can sit on the edge. "Am I gonna die?" he asks as I help him lie down. "Not if I can help it. I wish you would've let me look at your wound more earlier," I admonish. "Yeah, yeah… just like a woman to always have to be right." I help him to arrange himself with his head on my pillow then begin taking his shoes off. "You'd better not bleed on my bed," I warn before I start tugging the ugly orange jumpsuit down his hips. "Trying to have your way with me?" he asks with one eye closed. "You wish. I'm trying to make you comfortable." "Thank you," he says quietly, reaching out to grab my hand. Nodding, I give him a small smile. "I'll pick up some things tomorrow to try and fix you up, all right?" "You won't turn me in?" "I told you I won't. I'll pick up whatever you need so you can leave. Just try to rest now. I'll be back with a cool washcloth for your forehead." When Edward closes his eyes, I dart into the bathroom. He's out cold by the time I return to him. I do my best to place a towel underneath him, in case his wounds start bleeding. Gently, I rub the washcloth over his face and chest, trying to cool him down. He can't die here in my bed — how the hell would I ever explain that? I grab my first aid kit from the kitchen, looking for anything that might be useful, but there really isn't much. After confirming his temperature with my thermometer, I find a small bottle of rubbing alcohol that might kill some of the likely infection in his wound. Carefully removing the bandage on his stomach, I pour a little bit of the alcohol into the wound, thankful that Edward is pretty much passed out — or he'd be yelping in pain right about now. Adding a clean bandage, I pull the covers over his nearly naked body, find myself some pajamas and turn out the bedroom light. Guess I'll be sleeping on the couch tonight. A/N: This Edward has been nicknamed Cheekyward by moosals and me. What do you think of him so far? The book cover is how I picture him. For "Oh Brother" readers, most of the chapters in the first half of the story are longer than what you may be used to seeing from me, before reverting back to my typical 2,500-word chapters for most of the second half. Note to readers afraid of a WIP: this story is entirely prewritten, except for the Epilogue, so postings will be regular. I will be unable to reply to any reviews on Tuesday or Wednesday, but I'll get to them!