edge of blowing up, I'd head to the gym and I found out that going daily was what worked best for me. This along with Bella's amazing cooking made me go from being a lanky boy to a buffed 6'3" man which made me feel even more conscious when it came to making love to Bella, she was tiny and hurting her would be too easy, especially now. We got married on Bella's twenty first birthday. I wanted to replace her bad memories and create good ones. Replacing that day with something she could smile at. And I succeed. We didn't only vow to be there for each other until death would tear us apart, but she also got pregnant with our daughter, who now, eight months later, slept inside of my wife's belly. And I could tell she was sleeping by the way Bella's stomach wasn't moving. "Edward?" Bella's soft voice had me back on the present. She looked beautiful, healthy and with that glow in her eyes that pregnancy had given her. Even though we'd fucked today we hardly ever did it any more. We had sex, more than often but we made love. We'd fucked enough in the past. I could still remember our first time, our real first time with both of us making love once she was healthy enough for me not to feel as if I was going to break her. It was slow and beautiful and though I'd been terrified of losing myself and being too rough it somehow felt natural. To feel peace, love and quiet after the storm we'd been through felt almost surreal. It was that day I decided making love to Bella was my new favourite activity. She needed to be loved and I needed to love her. "Sorry love, got lost in my head", I replied, kissing her nose and making her laugh. She kissed my chin making her protruding stomach hit against my ribs. "Oh, sorry," she said ashamed, looking to where her stomach had met my waist. She let go of me and lay on her side, no touching me. Pregnancy had been complicated. Bella had fixed all of her issues except for one, her self esteem. And when her bump became noticeable she started buying clothes that were big enough for me and avoided havign sex for weeks. It was only until Jessica, who was no longer Bella's therapist but friend, who managed to have her relax some. However, the more her bump grew the more uncomfortable Bella felt being with me, either out in public or in the intimacy of our home. Specially during sex. So it were moments like this, when we were side to side, the ones where what little confidence she had flew out of the window. I always had to reassure her that I still wanted her, that I still thought she was beautiful and that I still loved, all of which was true but hard for her to believe. "Come here, silly girl," I playfully scolded her grabbing her firmly but with little strength. Even though Bella had only 5 weeks left of her pregnancy she'd only put seventeen of the 18 pounds she was supposed to gain. The doctors had assured us that everything was fine but I still hoped she would put some more weight in the last month, mainly because I'd read babies grow a lot in the last trimester. Her gaining so little weight had me jittery. Last time we'd argued about it Bella had taken a taxi to Alice and Jasper's flat. When we saw the ob-gyn the next morning I was furious but ended up feeling like a douche-bag after finding out that my daughter was perfectly fine but my wife had been fighting a relapse for the past two months without me noticing it. It broke my heart to see how much she kept struggling and fighting and how I'd made her cry, I swore to myself I would never make her cry again. I rubbed Bella's back as I felt her tears fall into my chest. She'd been crying a lot lately blaming her hormones for it. I pushed her aside which only made her cry harder and I couldn't help but laugh a little as she also tried to cover herself up. I had managed to sit against our headboard and in time I had her back in my arms, cuddling her as if she were a small child. "Much better," I murmured against her head, "I'll never push you away from me little one, ever, in any way. "I'm sorry, these hormones are killing me and I'm sorry I hit you," she apologised sadly hugging me tighter and nuzzling against my chest. Once I realised what she meant but hitting me I couldn't help but scoff. "Hitting is what I did to you for almost a year, Bella," I whispered brokenly. Even after all the good things we'd gone through it was still impossible not to feel like scum for everything I'd done to her. I was a man now, soon to be father, and after years of therapy I could see we'd been lucky. I could have killed her any of those times. "Hey, it's over now. And I pushed you to do it. We're okay" she said touching my face, "What we've gone through, it's made us who we are today. And Edward, I wouldn't change you for anything in the world. You're the love of my life, the man of my life." Bella's voice had a soothing tone and the way in which she was looking me at the eyes, with so much love, made me kiss her softly whilst I tried to find my voice. "You are my life," I admitted rubbing her swollen belly without breaking eye contact only to close my eyes and kiss her again, to kiss that girl whom I'd hated so much and now was the reason for my existence.