dumped that loser. He cheated on me with Betty on the fifth floor." "Big head Betty with the squirrel eyes?" "No, Betty White from the fifth floor, the one with the two misshaped boobs and the Owen Wilson nose." "Oh, oh my god what the hell was he thinking? Geez Rosie, I'm sorry. You deserve so much better sweetheart." "I know, and I'm going to get better. I might even get lucky at your wedding." She winked, showing she was only kidding, but I know Rosalie Hale and that was no joke. "Look, since I'm here early, how about we go look for dresses tomorrow, get a head start?" "Yeah, that sounds great. We can go down to La Push and pick up Sara and head out from there." "Sounds good, well, where am I sleeping?" "Well, since you've come all of this way, unannounced, you get to sleep with me on the nice little sleeping bags my father has." "Sleeping bags?" she asked skeptically. "Well, my dear sweet Rosie, it's either that or the floor, you choose." "Bags it is." Jake left at Midnight after helping me tuck the kids into bed. He kissed me sweetly with a promise of doing that for the rest of our lives. I went to sleep giddy and longing for his touch. This separation seems ridiculous now. I haven't been away from Jake once in the last eight years. What was I thinking when I suggested this? Oh yeah, I wanted a very pleasuring honeymoon. I'm an idiot. Friday morning I was unexpectedly woken up by my over zealous son. He had scrambled up on the couch and was straddling my waist. He took my shoulders in both of his hands and shook me. "Mom. It's time to get up. Come on, mom." I pretended to still be asleep, silently willing him to go away for at least a few more minutes and let me get back to sleep. I was sorrowfully mistaken. "Mooom. You promised. Come on you have to bring us to dad so we can see grandma and pawpaw." I heard the frustration in his whine so I squinted my eyes open carefully and was startled to see his face inches from mine. "I knew you were awake!" He exclaimed as his little fingers pried my eyes all the way open. I grabbed him by the waist and pulled him further on my chest where I attacked his sides. He screamed out in surprise, giggling the whole time. "Do you know what happens when little boys wake up their sleep deprived moms?" I said in my coarse 'I'm going to get you' voice. He laughed harder as my tickling increased. "S-stop, mo-mmy." I abruptly stopped, as he asked, but his giggling didn't. He glanced up at me from under his lashes with a crafty smile on his face. I watched him closely wondering what was going on in his little nugget when he attacked. His little fingers dug into my sides getting the same reaction that I had gotten out of him moments ago. "You're snorting mom." He said in excitement, his eyes glowing with joy. "Am not," I argued back childishly. I loved waking up to my kids, it was something that Jake and I cherished each morning. "Are too, come on mom, pawpaw is burning the eggs." He leaned into me conspiratorially and whispered, "Mom he can't cook at all. I think dads a better cook then him. Isn't that just wrong?" I snorted, ruffling his bronze hair. "Sure is kiddo. Go on, tell your gramps that he needs to step away from the stove for all of our safety and that I'll be there in a minute." "Okay." He jumped from the couch after giving me a small peek on the cheek and ran into the kitchen. I closed my eyes, hosting myself from the couch. I stood only to fall and land face first into Rosalie's boobs. I laughed as she squeaked and pushed me off of her. "Rosie," I complained. "Why were you so close to the couch? You fell asleep over there." I reminded her as I pointed to her cot on the floor by Charlie's lounge chair. "Better question lesbo, why in the hell were you face deep in my titts?" I couldn't help the laugh that escaped my lips as I stared at her confused face. "Because, you know I like 'em big, baby." I snorted, not able to hold the full amusement in. She shook her head, a smile playing at the edges of her lips. "Get your engaged ass up and fix me food woman, I'm starving." "Yes ma'am. Go take a shower and your food will be awaiting you. I have to hurry, Charlie's going to burn the house down." "He can't cook?" Rose asked in mock horrification. I shook me head no and she groaned. "What the hell, who's going to cook for our kids and little Pete?" I looked at her like she'd grown three heads in the last two seconds. "Who the hell is little Pete, and when the hell did my 'father' father kids for you Rosie?" "A girl can dream, can't she? And Pete's our three legged dog." She stated with a shrug. I laughed, tears shrilling down my cheeks. "Sure, dreams sometimes come true, babe." I snorted, hysterically. She picked up the closes pillow to her and hurled it at my face. I fell back laughing. After breakfast Rose, Sara, Danny and I sat out to find Jacob down in La Push. Danny was so excited to see his father. He was jumping like a little kangaroo in the back of the car. Rose found it highly amusing while Sara looked on in giggles. "Do I get to be with dad all day?" he asked. "And pawpaw Billy?" "Yes, all day. The girls are going shopping." I exclaimed. A/N: Tell me if you guys liked it and then I'll continue to write it!!