breathed heavily, then raised Bella up with one hand on her waist, dangling her off the floor with ease, then placing her back so her feet were balanced on his shoe laces. Bella stood on his feet while the music swayed through them. The other kids moved out of their way on the dance floor, as if they were spraying water on all who dared to get too close. The music playing was uptempo, a dance that the high schoolers around them jerked to, but Edward danced slowly with Bella. Like he was listening to a waltz no one else could hear. A song that no one else could take part of. A world that belonged to them and them alone. "Okay. You win." Bella sighed and leaned into his chest. "This is actually kind of nice." He hummed in response. They kept dancing until the cast of students around them had completely changed out. "Are you hungry?" Edward asked, remembering. Bella glanced over at the refreshment table that Edward was already twirling them towards. She picked up a finger sandwich duly, eyeing it with disdain. "No. I'm not hungry." She finally said while tossing it into the trashcan. Her stomach rumbled betraying her statement. "Bella, you need to eat. You didn't have anything yesterday either." Worry colored his voice. She shrugged noncommittally. "I don't know. Just, don't want anything." She wouldn't admit it, but she was starving. Though every time she tried to nibble on something, she ended up puking it back up. She was trying to figure out a way to get away from the subject so Edward would stop worrying about it, but someone seemed to have just the right timing. "Ah, someone is here to see you." Edward grumbled. Bella turned to see Jacob walk around the corner. He was wearing a wrinkled suit jacket with a black tie that wasn't on right. "Jacob?" Bella's eyes furrowed. "What are you doing here?" He stood awkwardly in front of them, his eyes going back and forth between Bella and Edward. "I planned to say mind of I cut in, but you're not dancing. And if I just said that now, you might think I would trying to go for some punch, but really I just would like to talk to you." Jacob mumbled. "I'll be outside." Edward bent down and kissed Bella on her head. "Soooooo, what's up." Bella crossed her arms uncomfortably when Edward left the room. "My dad, well, he paid me to come." "Nice. Paid to crash a party by your parents. That's the way to hustle." She smiled warmly, but it didn't meet her eyes. "He wanted me to tell you." He stopped and shook his head. "He wanted me to say. Ugh, this is so stupid. I'm sorry. I hate this. I wouldn't have come, but I do kind of need the twenty dollars. This is such bullcrap though." Bella shrugged. "So just say it, and then you get that $20 dollars." "I just. Bella. I-." Jacob was practically trembling. "Let me guess. He wanted you to try to convince me to stop seeing Edward. Or whatever." Jacob shook his head. "Not. . . not quite." He bit his lip. "Oh. Um, okay. Well just get out with it." Bella stood back. "He say's you're not allowed to step foot in La Push ever again. He says you're part of the treaty. And he says you'll know what that means. Or whatever. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. He sounded really serious. I don't really know what he's getting at. I mean, you're Bella. You're Bella Swan. You've done nothing wrong. But as the tribal leader. . ." Jacob breathed uncomfortably. "He's banishing you." Bella nodded slowly digesting the information. "Wow. Huh. Weird." She took a deep breath. Then finally said, "It's okay, Jacob." "He's a crack job. Honestly. All the elders are. They're power hungry and stupid. But that means. . . that you can't come over anymore." He sighed. "Ooor." Bella smiled a wide and true smile. Her eyes crinkled and her cheeks raised. "That means you'll have to visit more often." "Really?" Jacob swallowed. "You still want to hang out with me, even though my family is psycho?" "Every family has their downfalls." Bella shrugged. "You're like a brother to me, Jacob. And family always finds a way to stick together." He frowned slightly but ultimately decided any time with Bella was good. "Maybe my dad will come to his senses." He sighed. "At least you got twenty dollars out of this." She laughed. "I'm really sorry. But there's always hope for tomorrow." Bella tapped her finger to her chin. "My mother always said, 'Hope is the thing with feathers.'" She stared at her hands and then at the watch on her wrist. "Thanks for being the messenger, I hope he pays you well for further secret notices." Bella laughed. "Well, I better go check on Edward. He's not a crowds person and I'm sure he's having to swat some wall flowers away. I'm sorry your dad put you up to this." She patted Jake's arm. They made plans to watch a movie sometime later. She turned on her heels and barreled out the gym door. Erik and Angela were pushed out of the way as she went. Grass slipped in between her toes and she could feel the soft earth squish around her bare feet. She plucked her phone from her bra and angrily keyed in the number she never thought she would have to call. Edward was at her side in a moment, easily keeping pace. "What's wrong? Who are you calling?" "There's been another change of plans." She said while the phone rang. "I'm assembling the sisters." AN: I'm very excited to go on another adventure with you all. As always, I'd love your feedback, what you hope to read in coming chapters, questions, theories, etc etc. I'm listening! Thank you for reading and reviewing. xoxo Rosalie