felt us move from the sink to the wall by the fridge as he grabbed my hands and pinned me to the wall attacking my neck. I moved on him wanting these jeans to disappear along with his pants. I made a noise I never made before when he let go of my hands and pulled my hair out of the ponytail. His mouth trailed to my cheek, forehead and mouth again. I opened mine to permit his tongue in. He tasted so good like hazelnut and mint. He stopped and stared at me. Breathing heavily, he let me down despite my protest. "I shouldn't have done that." He whispered. "I'm not this kind of man." I noticed the bulge again. He said something else as I sank to the floor to sit down feeling dizzy. He turned the water off. There was my glass and coffee on the floor. Thankfully it didn't break. I must have knocked it down with my leg when he picked me up. The kitchen is so small and I was close to losing my virginity in it. After a minute, I stood up with his help. "What are you doing to me?" He asked me. "I don't know." "This is crazy." "Is it?" "Yes Bella. I'm a man and you're a…" "If I was 21 then what?" "We'd be on my bed." "So pretend I'm 21." He shook his head. "Fine. Let's wait until I'm 21. We can just talk and date." "You're not going to wait around for that Bella. You're young. You should date and live your life." "Don't lecture me. I don't wanna date anyone. I wanna date you. I like you. I don't care about our age difference. I've never been able to open up to someone so quickly like I have with you. I told you things I haven't told Ang, why? Because I believe you could mean so much to me." I stood up, not caring my feet were getting wet with cold coffee, and put my hands on face looking at ever beautiful inch of it. "I want this. I want you." I said pleading. He closed his eyes. "How?" "We can do this. I'll come on the weekends. I saved enough money to buy a truck from Bob. We can hang out on the beach, stay up all night talking and kissing." He laughed. "We can go to dinners and dancing. We can build something for a year. Then when you graduate and I graduate. You can come back to Forks. We can tell everyone that this is real. We can move to Seattle together and start our lives." I let go of his face. "I feel something here. Call me crazy. Call me naïve, but I won't let this go without a fight." Ang knocked on the door, but Edward and I didn't move an inch. We stared at each other. "We can do this." I whispered as Ang knocked again. "Bells, my dad is here. Open up." Edward nodded. I smiled brighter than ever before. I hugged him tightly and returned it. "We can do this." He whispered back before kissing my cheek. And we did it. We had a crazy, romantic, challenging, fun, meaningful relationship. He came to Forks on weekends and I went to California that summer, after a well laid out plan for my dad and Renee and saving every penny I earned, surprisingly Edward paid for my ticket and pretty much everything else that summer despite my protest. He truly was amazing and our relationship was carefree. We got into some trouble by going to someone's house and playing in their pool. Despite the fun we had, we had some arguments. When we got weird stares or whatever, he would try to break up with me. Our arguments were intense and thought provoking. He challenged me not just emotionally but intellectually. He knew so much, experienced so much and had a lot to teach me. When I was packing up to leave at the end of August. I found myself in a full blown relationship with a man. There was one thing about our relationship that we haven't been explored, a sexual one. Besides some intense making out and feeling over clothes, Edward hasn't touched me. It was mind blowing how after pulling out all the stop, Edward still wouldn't budge. He was strong and after a while I gave up. He assured me it will happen. I told him it should happen on my birthday. So when March 1st came, he took my virginity. I turned 18 and I was deflowered by my 26 year old boyfriend. It was nice the touching, feeling and exploring part of it, but when it came down to do the deed, it hurt like hell. It wasn't like the movies or shows where you see a wince here and there, but the man and woman both come at the same time. No, losing your virginity hurt. He made me cum, when he touched my body and licked me, but there was nothing magical about him entering me for the first, second, or third time. I didn't bled or walk funny. It just hurt like hell. He always said sorry and kissed my neck when he came without me. I knew after the third time, when it was starting to feel good, that he was very good at his job and the fourth time, I came. Edward and I faced a whole other challenge. Our hometown. People in California and New York, where we spent a weekend to go to a Kings of Leon concert, didn't know us. These people did. So after school, and a shift at the Pizza Pit, I did my homework, ran for an hour and waited until Forks went to sleep. I snuck out when I heard Charlie snoring and ran to my boyfriend's house. I knocked twice, our code and when he opened the door I said, "Hi."