up in her boyfriend, spoon-feeding him sauce. The mood is mellow, the overall dynamic simple and straightforward. I begin to think that maybe Edward was right - maybe the only person worried about our ages was me. I can't know for sure things would be this relaxed were we to go back home this way, but for now, here, it feels right. After dinner, Angela and Ben disappear. Edward helps me clear the table and load the dishwasher as we trade stories about our day. He's easy to talk to, smart and unassuming. The only thing better than a boy as hot as he is is one who's got the brains and personality to back it up…and he does. He so does. My concerns about us being in different life stages might not have been inaccurate, but it's definitely beginning to seem irrelevant. Edward follows me to my room and sits on my bed, watching as I shed my layers, draw my curtains shut, turn a lamp on. He grabs me as I pass by, pulling me to stand between his legs. "You're so pretty," he says quietly, watching his hand as he combs it through my hair. It's funny: he's such a stud with other girls but with me, he wavers between confidence and shyness. It's appealing, and it reminds me to be careful with him. His feelings might run deeper than I realize. "Thanks," I say, leaning forward to plant a little kiss on his lips. He tries to deepen it, but I pull back playfully. "So are you. I always knew you'd be a knockout." He smiles crookedly. "Yeah?" I nod, touching his hair. There's no going back now, I don't think. I don't want to. "I like this," he whispers, settling his hands on my hips. I'm in a dress today, one of the last few before the rapidly cooling days of fall will render it impossible to wear again. There is a chill, though, hence my grey leggings. Gazing into my eyes, Edward runs his hands up my thighs and falters. A smile breaks out as he realizes my leggings are actually thigh highs. "So hot," he whispers, yanking me close to kiss. I lick his lips and he lets me in, kissing me deeper as his hands drift higher, widening my stance so his fingers can play where he wants them to. "This okay?" "Mhm." Grasping his shoulders, I exhale quietly, shaking as he touches me, gently and then with authority. Now I'm the one moaning into his mouth, my knees weak as he fingers me into an orgasm. I close my eyes as I recover, letting him kiss my neck. "You look so good, Bella," he says, eyes on my chest as he lifts my dress off. I help him with my bra and then with his shirt, appreciating the muscled plane of his chest. Kneeling, I unbuckle his pants and pull them down, boxers too, finally doing what I've been thinking about for days. "Oh…oh…yeah…I…I…" He can't even formulate a sentence. I fit as much of him into my mouth as I can, using my hand for everything else. He rests his hand on my head, his mouth half open, eyes half closed. His pleasure actually, literally, makes me wet, so without further adieu I rise and take the rest of my clothing off. "Hey," he says, reaching for me. "If we…do this, it's not a quick fuck for me. You need to know it's…" He shakes his head, swallowing. "I want you, yeah, but I want to be with you." "I know." I nod, wrapping my arms around him, kissing his ear. Our bodies are warm, pressed together without clothes for the first time. It gives me goosebumps. "I want to be with you, too." He rests his hands hesitantly on my behind. "I mean - " "I know what you mean." I smile at his earnestness and back up a bit so I can see his face. "And I'm on the same page." Distracted by my breasts, he leans forward, kissing each one. "Good. Because…" He draws a nipple into my mouth. It feels so good I sigh, my head falling back. Edward stops, fumbling for his wallet. "You have to tell me what you like," he says, cheeks flushed with want. "I will," I promise, but I might not have to. He rolls a condom on and starts to gentle me on to my back, but I push him off and straddle him instead, rubbing myself back and forth over his erection. Eventually he grits his teeth and holds me still, our gazes locked as he enters me. It's hard to believe this is happening, but I want it; I want him. I more than want him; I might even be a little in with love him. After taking a moment to adjust, I start to move, rolling my hips over him. It's slow at first, feeling every inch of him inside of me, enjoying his expressions as he enjoys the view. He squeezes my breasts, rolling my nipples between his fingers, feeding my arousal as I ride him. Resting my hands on his thighs behind me, I move faster, chasing completion until it crashes over me, ripping out of me with a sharp cry. Before I can come down, Edward sits up, flipping me over, and starts to drive into me with a force that bruises. I hold on tight, grabbing his face so that I can kiss him. I swear I can feel him get harder, more rigid, and he comes with a grunt and several quick, sharp thrusts. Sweat dampens his hair, his brow, as he gazes down with something like wonder and supreme satisfaction. Using both my arms and my legs, I pull him down, craving his weight. "You were my first wet dream," he whispers, mouth at my ear. "But that…that was so much better." ~the wet dream girl ~ Thanks for reading… xoxo