grown once more in numbers. Both ideas were met with her stiffening in anxiousness over the situation she found herself in; she was totally outnumbered even more then she first thought. "Ah, Rebecca dear! Please inform everyone that dear Isabella here has finally arrived." Heidi ordered the woman behind the secretary desk. The blonde woman, Rebecca, quickly bowed to Heidi and drifted away to do her new assignment. "Now you know where the throne room is so I'll just take Garrett here while you go meet with the Kings." Heidi said with a smile as she tugged Garrett's arm right towards her breasts to distract him. "Why can't I go with her?" Garrett asked, trying to ignore the not so subtle new seduction tactic of Heidi. Isabella had the urge to give the man a salute for being so brave right now. Heidi couldn't stand to be ignored by anyone she set her sights on and she quickly grew pissed over it. She recalled that the last man to ignore Heidi got ripped up and thrown into the canal. "They want to speak with you privately before everything kicks off." Heidi answered smoothly as she tried again to gain Garrett's undivided attention onto her. "I won't go in there without him." Isabella protested with her arms crossed. Heidi growled but eventually gave into the demand, "Fine, I'll leave you to it then." She let go of Garrett then and walked off to find new prey to play with. "Thank you." The Volturi kings sat as always on a platform with their lavish thrones to look down on anyone entering the room. They liked to feel in complete power over the room. Well, that was mostly Caius' controlling nature in effect but his co-rulers agreed with him nonetheless. "Finally you show up, Isabella." Caius growled as he ruffled his blonde hair in a sign of frustration. He never did like to be kept waiting. "Caius, give the girl a break," Aro said with his ever present creepy smile. "She came all the way from Scotland, I hear." He commented with a slightly gleeful tone. He must be like a kid on a sugar high right now with all the gifted vampires wondering around the place. Caius scowled as usual at his friend's overzealous behavior. "Whatever, get on with what you want to tell." "Ah, oh yes." Aro replied, tipping his head to the side in thought to remember. "I wanted to ask something of you, my friend." He said as he looked dead on at Isabella standing in front of the thrones. "What is it?" "I wanted to ask you to become a guard member again; just for this event, of course. We need someone with your gift as a shield to make sure that nothing starts up between the guests." Isabella simply scowled at the request. She didn't want to be rapped up into their problems with childish vampires running lose and picking fights around the castle. "Do I have the choice to say, no?" "No, you don't." Caius plainly said with his own frown marking his lips. "Of course she has a choice brother!" Aro insisted with a unneeded gasp, "We wouldn't dare force her into something; isn't that right, Marcus?" He said leaning over to look at his other brother who up until this point hadn't said a word. "It's your choice." He simply said with a dazed and tired look in his red eyes. Ever since his wife Didyme passed away he didn't have much interest in ruling anymore. He only stayed on the throne because Aro insisted on it and Chelsea was still lurking around using her gift to ensure his loyalty. Marcus was thus a prime example of the illusion of choice Aro likes to present people with. Isabella could only grit her teeth in anger at them all. How dare they drag her back here to do their dirty work again. When she left all those years ago it was made clear she wouldn't return. It was a fight she won after many shouting matches with Athenodora and Caius. They promised they wouldn't force her back against her will but here they are doing just that. They knew she couldn't turn down Aro; he wouldn't bat a eyelash as he slaughtered her or Garrett to make his orders clear. "Fine." Isabella hissed, uncontainable fury shown in her voice. "Don't take that tone with us, child." Caius barked, " You knew when you joined the Volturi what you signed up for." "You said I could leave!" Isabella snapped back. "You insolent girl," Caius roared as he stood up from his throne and fiercely glared down at the woman he once almost called daughter, "You did leave for a period of time!" "You knew I meant forever!" "Well, forever came today." "Can you two children settle down?" Aro interrupted with a chilling snap to cut threw the escalating argument, "We don't need a fight between us while guests are here. Isabella please take your friend and settle in one of the unoccupied guest rooms for now; we're done here." Isabella turned towards a put out Garrett then. His face looked like a person who just witnessed a telling off between family members and he didn't want to get involved at all. She growled at that train of thought and quickly pulled him out of the room with her towards the guest wing in the castle. A/N: Dear god why am I starting another story when I have so many unfinished... It's a curse I tell you. Regardless, I have no idea how this came to be. I never imagined I'd write a fanfic for Twilight but here it is. I hope you got something from this first chapter; I'll start outlining the next whenever... If all goes to plan this'll play into a Jane/Bella ship. Oh also, the poem at the beginning is the first part of, "She Walks In Beauty," by George Gordon Byron. -RoxyRoxas1313