they would never believe existed. BPOV "Holy fucking shit! Oh, yeah! That's it! Ugh!" I shouted out in ecstasy. Throwing my head back, I noticed that the windows of Paul's car were completely fogged up as I bounced wildly in his lap. We were parked in an alley not far from my job. It was truly the best fucking lunch break ever! "Fuck, Bella, fuck! That's it, baby! Ride this cock!" I loved it when he talked dirty; that's when I knew I was doing a great job. But, like he's said in the past, whatever feels good to me will most likely feel just as good to him, so I took that concept and ran with it. He palmed my breasts frantically as I placed my hands on the roof of the car for leverage; driving my body down harder on his cock. "Oh, God! Fuck! I'm cumming! Shit!" Light exploded behind my lids as my body shuddered violently around him. This had to have been at least my third orgasm since we started, and he was still going strong. He had never ever finished prematurely and was always very considerate of my needs, making certain that I was more than fulfilled during our encounters. Almost always this was welcomed, but being that we had very limited time, he needed to finish soon. My break was only thirty minutes and I knew for sure our time was almost up. "Come on, Paul! Fucking come for me," I moaned. I moved faster and faster, using my inner muscles to grip him as tightly as I could. Thankfully, that was all it took to push him over the edge. "Uggggggh!" he shouted out long and hard as his body shook beneath me. His head was thrown back, his back was arched off the seat, as I continued to ride him through his orgasm. The grip he had on my hips was certain to leave bruises, but I couldn't find it in me to care. It was just too good and I'd wear my marks of battle with pride. Once he was still, I stopped my movements and climbed back over to the passenger seat to start redressing. "Jesus Christ, that was amazing," he said dreamily. "Yes, it was, as always. Not that I'm not happy to see you, but what brought you here today, Paul? Where is Leah?" "She's at work, but she couldn't leave the office for lunch today. She's pretty swamped, so she told me to call you, and luckily it all worked out." He removed the condom he was wearing and wrapped it in a paper towel with a look of disgust. "I truly hate wearing condoms! That's one of the reasons it took me so long to finish, in case you didn't notice." "I did, trust me. I understand what you mean, but I can't walk around at work all day messy like that, so these quickies require rubbers," I said with a smile. I was on birth control, so I wasn't worried about sex without them with him. "Thank goodness you called me early, otherwise it would have been hard to get a specific time for my break." I looked down at my watch and noticed that I had only ten minutes before my break was over. "We need to head back now or I'll be late." "Sure thing, Bells," he said as he started the car, and, being the naughty girl I was, I decided to mess with him a little bit. I slid over and started undoing his pants. "Let's see if I can make you cum again by the time we get to my job," I said as I dropped my head into his lap and took him into my mouth. "Fuck!" he shouted. I could feel the car moving as I continued to suck him hard and fast, using all my various tricks to drive him crazy. His legs shook violently as my head continued to move up and down. The car stopped and Paul suddenly roared as he exploded in my mouth. "God damn it!" I continued my assault until his body stopped moving. When I lifted my head, we were in the alley in back of Starbucks. "I knew you could do it. You're so good at that," he moaned. "Why, thank you. That means a lot to me, coming from you," I said playfully. I leaned towards him and gave him quick peck. "See you later," I said as I got out of his car. I immediately went to the restroom and brushed my teeth and cleaned myself up a bit. My phone went off again, and I saw that I had another message. Hope you're having a good day. Paul had his time with you, now I need mine. Your place or mine? L I smiled with excitement at the thought of the night to come. To say that my sex life was phenomenal was an understatement. My place will work better. Will be home by 9, use your key. B Work went on as usual, and I was giddy due to my energizing lunch break. Later that night, when everything was as it should be for the opening staff, we locked up and headed out. When I got in my car and pulled away, I thought about what awaited me at home. Leah's lips and tongue should be declared lethal weapons. I couldn't wait to get home. Life was grand! End Note: And there you have it! I'd like to send a special thank you to my Beta MarchHare5 for all of her help and encouragement. I know it was rough at first, but thank you for sticking with me and making my work better. I'd also like to thank one of my favorite Author's Sheviking for her help as well as her advice because without which, I never would have decided to publish this. Let me know what you think, I can take it! I think?