after all." I laughed, the nervousness suddenly gone. "You still remember that?" I asked. "Of course I do, I measured you before you left, remember?" I smiled remembering how he'd made me stand against a wall while he used a tape measure to see how tall I was. "Do you still have that piece of string?" I asked. "In the bottom right drawer. Right where you left it." I smiled, "I can't believe you still have it!" "Well if you like, I can show it to you. Maybe we can measure you again." He said with a gentle smile. "I'd love that." I said, looking up at him. "Well let's get started." "Okay. Where to, Doc?" I asked. "Wait just a minute there!" Bella shouted from the living room. She ran up the stairs and came to a halt next to me. "Before you go and get all re-acquainted and stuff, I'd just like to let you know that you'll be living here." I looked at her and then at Carlisle, then back at her. "You're kidding, right?" She laughed, "No I'm not. Dad and Carlisle already discussed this"." I looked at Carlisle, glaring at him playfully. "And you could have told me, Carlisle." He smiled back at me. "My apologies to you, Annabelle. But you should have asked. I would have told you." Bella smiled, "You go and see your piece of string. I'll show you your room later. Go and have fun." "I will, I know I'll definitely be safe, right Carlisle?" I asked."Yes you'll be perfectly fine." Bella nodded and left me alone with Carlisle who smiled and said, "Shall we?" I followed him down the hall and in to his study. "Would you like to do the honors?" he asked. "Okay." I sat on the floor in front of his desk and pulled the drawer open. I smiled. There, in the middle of the drawer sat both the tape measure, and the piece of string that he'd cut to be the same size as I'd been seven years ago. I pulled them both out with a huge smile. "Alright, where do I stand this time?" I asked getting up off the ground. He chuckled. "Same place as last time. But please, do be careful. You did have an enormous growth spurt. Let's make sure your head doesn't hit the roof." I laughed and went over and stood next to the huge bookshelf that held new and ancient books, all alphabetically organized. I stood perfectly still as Carlisle began the measuring process. Emmett wandered in to watch. "I bet," Emmet said, in a deep game show host voice, "That she is approximately a foot and a half foot taller than Alice." "Now Emmett," Carlisle said as he straightened back up, running the tape measure up to the top of my head, "Don't get carried away." "Why not? I mean, just look at her. You could fit like two Alice's in her." "What is that supposed to mean, Emmett?" I asked. "I mean, stak two Alices on top of each other, and they'd be like the same height as you." He explained, a lopsided smile on his face. Carlisle looked at the tape measure and then at me. He straightened out the piece of string, and smiled. "Emmett, I hate to disappoint you, but she's only 5/5. That makes her a foot and three inches taller than Alice. I laughed. "Darn! Glad I didn't bet a grand on this. Well, there's always next time! I still have a bet with Jasper that I have yet to win." As he said this, he looked at Carlisle, and winked. "You know,, you seriously need to get in to the betting business Carlisle. You would win millions!" Emmett said. "No thank you Emmett. This is the thirtieth time that you've told me this in the past week. Thank you for offering though." I laughed and moved away from the wall. "So, how many inches have I grown since I last saw you, Doctor Cullen?" I asked, with a smile. "Well, Ms. Swan, in the past seven years, you've grown approximately a foot and six inches." "Really?" I asked. "Yes. You are going to be tall. I can guarantee you'll probably reach six feet by next August. But if you don't it's okay." "Thank you. So, are we cutting another piece of string for this one?" I asked. "Sure. Let me go get—" "Here you go!" Alice said handing a ball of blue yarn to Carlisle. "Okay, stand against the wall." I did, and less than five seconds later he had the string cut. "All done. Now let's go down stairs and enjoy your party." He said, putting a hand on my shoulder. "Okay." I said, smiling up at him. He returned the smile, enthusiasticly. My heart pounded against my ribs. Just like at the wedding. I missed it. And I was glad I had come back. I don't know how I could go on without seeing him anymore. The only problem here, was the fact that he probably still doesn't feel the same for me. But things could change couldn't they? I hoped they would. A/N I promise the chapters will get longer after this. This is just the intro. What do you think about this little story so far? Do you like it? Please let me know. This is my first attempt at writing a story with an OC character in it, so yeah. Reviews would be sweet. Consider them as late birthday presents to me. I can't believe I've almost been on Fanfiction for a year! And all of you who read and review, and favorite me, and put me on author alerts, and favorite and follow my stories are the ones that keep me going! Thanks to all of you. It all means so much! I hope you enjoy this story! Also, Chapter Eleven for Love and Family will be up today, or early tomorrow! Hope you enjoy!