the Day of Saint Valentine, the most romantic day of the year. It is my fervent hope that by the day's end, it will have an even more special meaning to us." Isabella lips turned up slightly, "I will not try to attempt to decipher your meaning, as I am sure I would not succeed. Do you happen to know the first literary reference to this day as a romantic holiday?" She smirked, believing that she had knowledge that Jasper did not. Jasper smirked in return, seeing through her tactics, as he always did. "As a matter of fact, I am in possession of the knowledge of such topics. I believe, if I am not mistaken, the first author to portray this day as a day for love and romance was Geoffrey Chaucer." His smirk widened as she glanced at saw her mouth drop open. "It appears I have more layers than you suspected, is that not so?" Isabella giggled, shaking her head in amusement, until they came to a stop. She looked up and gasped in awe at the beautiful sight before her. There was a lake, its surface glistening due to the rays of the setting sun, and a grassy area surrounded by purple petunias, her favorite flower. Jasper took her head and led her to the edge of the lake, before turning to face her. " Ever since I was young, this has been my safe place. Somewhere I could go to escape my volatile family, somewhere no one else knew about to be at peace with myself and talk to God. Now, I want this place to have a different meaning…" She gasped in surprise as he lowered himself to one knee, "I know that I have seemed distant in your eyes over the past few days, and I cannot properly express the depth of my sorrow and remorse for causing you pain in any fashion. Before my gaze fell upon you that day, I had never felt true happiness. My family knows nothing of values or affection or kindness towards others. You have made my life one worth living, and you have given me a future to look forward to. It is my fervent hope that you will allow me to spend the rest of my life ensuring your days are filled with nothing but happiness, joy, and love. Will you grant me this, my dearest love? Will you consent to becoming my wife?" The tears that had filled her eyes now slid down her cheeks as she smiled widely and joyfully, "Oh, Jasper…yes! A thousand times, yes! You are my heart, my love, my best friend. You are the other half of my soul, and it would be honor to be your wife." Jasper began crying at her response, then leapt to him feet and lifted her into his arms. She gasped in surprise, then giggled as he began twirling her around. He was right, they did have another more special reason to celebrate this day now. This day, the most romantic day of the year, also marked the day that they would embark upon their beautiful life together…. Jasper looked to his future grandson-in-law as his mind came back to the present. "We spent the rest of the afternoon sitting amongst the petunias she loved so much, dreaming about what their future would hold, and musing over the writings of Geoffrey Chaucer, and later that evening I escorted her home. Her family could not have been happier, not expressed their joy for our future more exuberantly. Of course, my parents never approved of our union, since my Isabella's family was not wealthy or well-known in society, but since I was my father's only heir, they eventually came around to the idea. We were married six months later, and we have had a wonderful life together…children, and anniversaries, and birthdays, and grandchildren. It wasn't all happy times, mind you, but it's my belief that the hard times make the good ones that much more memorable and happy. Ah, here comes Emily." As the housekeeper handed the gentlemen their refreshments, and left, Peter thought over the story he had just been told. He was not ashamed to admit that he had been truly touched by the old man's story. It was a story about family, life, overcoming one's fears, remaining strong in one's faith, and above all, it was a story about love. In that moment, he said a prayer that he could make Charlotte as happy as Jasper had made her grandmother. A few minutes later, just after the clock struck seven, Peter acknowledged with a smile as they both stood, his Charlotte walked into the room with an apologetic look on her face. Peter hardly noticed; she was wearing the same beautiful blue dress that she had been wearing the first time he saw her. He didn't know how it was possible, but she looked more beautiful than he had ever seen her. "I offer my sincerest apologies for my tardiness, Mr. Bradley. I will strive to arrive in a timelier manner in the future." As she finished her statement, she asked Emily to bring her shawl and gloves. Taking advantage of her distraction, Peter and Jasper glanced at one another with a smirk on their faces, sharing the same thought: 'She'll always take her time, but I don't mind waitin' on a woman.' I don't guess we've been anywhere She hasn't made us late, I swear Sometimes she does it just 'cause she can do it Boy, it's just a fact of life It'll be the same with your young wife Might as well go on and get used to it She'll take her time, 'cause you don't mind Waitin' on a woman A/N: I hope you enjoyed this little tale from the past. For those interested, I'm also writing for the Fandom For Mental Health compilation coming in May, so please donate if you can. Otherwise, I'll see y'all soon! :)