the emptied glass in her hand, "Oh no, I shouldn't have drank all that." and set the glass down. He knew the effect alcohol had on humans all too well. "Why not? It was good wasn't it." He watched her cheeks pink up slightly. "I see. Lovely." She blushed a little harder at her oversight and his compliment. "Why not?" She picked up the fork and continued to eat. "I don't eat food." His answer was short. She lowered the bite she was about to take. Her voice was hushed and a little disappointed. "The stories were true." "Stories are stories." He waved a dismissive hand. "Tell me your stories and I'll dispel the lies you've been told." He liked her talking, talking was good progress. In the privacy of her room he didn't need to uphold his position of authority. Her eyes lowered and she took the waiting bite. Her cheeks were still mildly flushed when she spoke. "Turn into a bat at will?" His eyes glistened, he was amused. "Stephan started that one as a joke. He will find it funny that it's still going around. No. We don't change our forms." Her eyes searched the plate and she speared a carrot. She thought about asking about his diet but didn't want to offend him or upset herself thinking about it. "How old are you?" His fingers pressed into her side carefully, shifting her in closer from where she had drifted off slightly. "Over a thousand, under two. The calendars have changed a few times." His free hand picked up the wine bottle that was sitting in a bucket of ice at the side of the table and he poured some more into her emptied glass. He moved the glass close to her hand offering it to her after he set the bottle back into its place. "How old are you?" She side eyed him and took the glass, "Twenty eight." and drank. "You're not too old, I think I was mid thirties..." His gaze drifted off to the doorway and the hand on her waist clenched her more firmly. She looked at him sharply, not only for how tightly he was holding her but what his answer may have be hinting to. Jacqueline completion went pale despite the wine in her system. "Mid thirties what?...oh..." "Enter!" She jumped, startled at his abrupt change of volume. The door opened and her aide poked her head in first and then came in holding a bowl of ice that contained a covered dish. "Apologies for the interruption 'mlady, this took some time to find." She set it down and quickly left them without so much as a second look. His hand glided over to the lid to lift it to reveal a frozen lump of gelato; he guessed. His fingers picked up the little spoon and took a portion of it and he brought it to his nose to smell it, "It's not too awful." and then offered it to her. She was timid again about opening her mouth to the offering of food even though her hand was free to take the spoon from him. Her lips parted as she leaned forward to take the iced morsel into her mouth and as she sat back she closed her eyes as it melted in her mouth. Her stiffened posture had eased slightly , something the wine didn't do earlier, and when her eyes opened back up there was a hint of sadness within them. "Delicious." He watched her reaction, felt not only her body but noted the distance in her eyes. "Why so sad all of a sudden?" He set the spoon down and guided her chin so she'd look at him. She pursed her lips, how he wanted to taste them even with the hints of food on them and to ease her distress. "I remember when I first had that, I was with my father on a trip." There was such sadness in her eyes. "He died, murdered, shortly after… I've hadn't had it since." Her lips quivered. "Only my mother knew that so its rather strange that someone went looking for it specifically." She frowned, her mother had no doubt been questioned before she left and it made her uneasy again not knowing what she said. His finger rose up to her lip to brush past it; he would kiss her one day, but not today. She picked up the spoon and surprised herself when she offered it to him, "I'd like some more if you want to…" His hand cupped hers carefully as he took the utensil from her. "I want to." The rest of the night continued until every bit of food was eaten and all the wine was very slowly drunk. There were moments of many questions being asked and answered and several moments of them sitting silently. It was well past midnight when Jacqueline yawned and started looking over at her bed timidly. Vladimir's gestures and subtle comments didn't go unnoticed by Jacqueline during the night and she wasn't sure what he was expecting from her or what her new 'duties' entailed. "I will be taking my leave." Vladimir rose from where he was now seated and she rose up to see him out. He paused for a moment and approached her to take her hand and kiss the back of it. He turned her palm up to run his fingers on it and to her wrist to feel her pulse. What that simple little gesture did to her made her blush again as her heart went racing off. He grinned to himself at her response. "Good sleep." The door closed and she was alone. She raised the hand he took and just looked at it strangely and asked herself what the hell her problem was; her cheeks were still flushed. She shook her head and peeled her dress off and changed for bed. As you can see the above was not beta'ed.