just wants to be picked Master Aro." I laughed.* Hell no I don't. *Aro paced to her, giving Jane a glance, before teaching her. Jane was visibly annoyed, I guessed she would be if she had invited a spy. The woman protested when Felix took her arm roughly and held out for Aro to touch. Another talented vampire, interesting but not anything I haven't seen before. "Jane." The woman in Felix grip screamed and then fainted. A crack broke the silence and I gulped nervously. "You will be staying Charlotte." I can't stay...*My words fell on deaf ears. Aro continued meeting each of the women and there was an occasional NO voiced but the youngest of the three. "No blonds." and the occasional curse when a blond was being talked to. I went back to the bench I was assigned to sit and wait for this stupidity to be over and to double check to make sure I was still a blond. The regulars of the place watched me but didn't say much to let me know what was happening next. Some left others were ushered off and that's when Jane approached me told me to follow her.* Why? "Aro wishes to speak to you." *I hosted my pack on to my shoulder and followed the girl, well little girl where she lead me. *Doors opened before me and closed behind me,I was in the serpents den so I tried to keep calm about it. I was invited, I kept repeating that to myself and that I did alert them to an imposter whatever she was. Jane didn't say much until we arrived to where she was taking me, "Please go in, you're expected." and then just left.* Alright. *I mumbled to myself as the door was opened for me and there was Aro again sitting behind a large wooden desk. His hand raised inviting me in and he pointed to a chair in front of his desk. For a vampire he was all about presence.* Thanks, I'm fine standing. "Sit down Charlotte." *I had flashes of all the movies I've ever seen about principals offices and this felt like just that. I sat down.* I was invited, I came and participated in whatever that was and now I'm ready to go. Have I done something wrong? "If you had your head would be beside the Romanians' in the furnace now." Romanian well, alright but that doesn't tell me much, *I looked at the hand he had taken earlier.* mind reader, that's a different talent. "Yes."*He signed something and set it aside.* "The manipulator you know, Jasper, do you suspect he is still with that Maria woman?" *So there it was. Typical. It wasn't about me at all.* I haven't been in that part of the country for a very long time and as you saw, I don't run into our kind too often. *He tapped his fingers against one another. "How did you know that woman was a spy?" *He was testing me, I knew it, seeing if I'd tell the truth I guessed.* You saw who my mate was, he taught me when I was young. *I shrugged and sat back in the chair, I might be there for a little while anyway.* I'm not talented or anything, and yes and I know what that means. Can I go now? "No. I've invited you to stay and you will." *I went wide eyed slightly* And if I leave? "Demetri, my talented tracker, will track you down and bring you back until I properly dismiss you." Oh. *I swore a few hundred times in rapid succession in my head.* So why am I staying then, not for that other guy I hope, I'm kinda off men and relationships at the moment so... "No nothing like that my dear. You did us a service and we wish to replay your service." You'd have figured it out without me so... "Are you always this suspicious Charlotte?" *I paused for a moment to think about it.* Yes, as of late I have been and for good reason, my own of coarse but, *I shrugged again.* I'm sure it's nothing you care about. *Aro leaned forward, and I grinned. It was truly scary.* "I can assure you my dear, I care." *He sat back and called out for a guard and one was in the room fast. "Demetri, good. Please show Miss Charlotte where the refreshments are kept and then to a room." *Demetri bowed and then we left.* * "Here is where you come when needed." Demetri pointed the rows of several cells with a number of rapid heart beats in each.* Alright... *He may have noted my apprehension at the scene before me but it wasn't for the humans cowering in the cells. As my eyes found the terrified filled eyes of those behind the metal bars I was taken back to my origins. Human fear still smelled the same.* got it. *I wasn't planning on coming down here unless I absolutely had to, too many memories of days gone by.* How about if I want something a little more lively Demetri? There's no sport in catching fish in a barrel ya know. *I gave him a pointed look as he closed the door behind us. "Ah yes, I recall where we found you." He smirked and clearly knew how good he looked doing it. "Well," He ran a hand through the mess called his hair. "I'll ask if I can take you outside city limits for something more challenging," He dropped his eyes to give me a once over. "not that it'd be a challenge for you. Come on, I got other things to attend to so I'll show you your room." *I rolled my eyes when Demetri turned to show me the way to my 'cell'.* If you are still reading and want more, you can find me at HellRaiserChar and my partner (as of Feb. 25, 2014) LoyalTracker