be sure." He nodded, "Mable thought you'd love it the best and give it a good home." Damn those tears for not having all fallen the day before because more were waiting for this moment. I had noticed in my grief that Sara didn't budge at the loss, perhaps she knew that her mother had a great deal of such things and the loss of one to a close friend was forgivable. "Now then, for the other items. Leah?" She was in there in an instant and sat near me. "All personal effects, jewelry, stitched items are to be held in trust by Ms Leah for a period of three years where then she will be at her soul discretion to retain or give away as she sees fit." There is was, Sara turned red. "To Sara the only item that is being left to you is my ruby broach and dining room table, chairs, hutch and the contents it contains." Paul looked at the irate woman, "it's all been packed up for you down to the letter and," Paul's hand pulled a satin bag from his desk. "The broach has been herby delivered to you along with its appraisal that was done earlier this year." "BUT the house?" Mike yelled and then calmed himself. "It's part of the families so what about it?" Now I had known Paul and his mother, Leah's mother too and you would not find two of the most righteous people anywhere so when their children married and Paul took to the law you knew nothing would go wrong; I suspect my gut knew it too and that's why I didn't flinch one muscle when all of Mable's treasures went to Leah. "Yes the house," There was knowledge in that statement but Paul wasn't going to say. "The house was sold a few months back to a foreign party. The sum of the assets will be released to you once all funeral expenses have been paid and a donation made to the church to build a playground on its grounds. Mable didn't wish the selling price be disclosed." Mike was now formally pissed, it was awkward. "Please show up at the residence at two this afternoon to pick up your items." Paul gave a nod and off Mike stormed. Sara sat there in complete shock at what she heard. "I don't understand, months ago? I mean, what had I done to her to make her hate me so?" She left the office and I gathered my tissues when it struck me for being so unkind to Paul and Leah. "I do hope your parents are doing well, I did recall seeing your mom at the grocery store and she looked very well Paul." I gave the boy a smile. "Do tell me how is your brother Seth fairing with his real estate business? Good I hope." There was Paul's all knowing smile again. "He's doing real fine with it Rose, he had a great start selling off one of the nicest places with a big yard in all the county a few months back." He winked. I smiled wide. "Glad to hear it child." I left and headed for home then to just arrive at Mables' place at one fifty five sharp. Mike was standing on the street barking at the movers that were handling those dining chairs with all the care in the world and asking if the contents of the China hutch were itemized before they were packed. Sara was reflecting over the few flowers that remained from those that were placed at the gate for her mother. Paul showed up with Leah and went in and I followed him. There was police officer at the door that let me pass but held Mike and Sara from entering. Paul was quick to suppress the protests, "Mable made it perfectly clear, had you stayed for the remainder of the reading, that you two could not set foot in the pace once she was in the ground." It was then that Seth showed up with a lady and Mike darted to him begging to know the selling price and who the buyer was so he could 'keep the house in the family' but Seth remained silent. I was telling Leah about what was left to me when it dawned on me that I had seen Seth's lady friend the day before at the memorial; she only stayed for an hour and didn't speak a word to anyone that I had noticed. Mike, having gotten nowhere with the brothers stormed off to wait in his car for his wife, he had had enough. Paul produced a letter addressed to her daughter. "Read it now please Sara. Your mother wished it." Sara cracked open the envelope and took five good minutes to read it and re read it. She went ghostly white and shook her head saying, "Well, I suspect it but now I know where his heart was all along. Have some divorce papers ready for me soon Paul." If that wasn't shocking enough, Paul replied, "They are ready and it's all been paid for." I had to admit I was the only one with her chops open and needed a moment to collect myself right. Sara handed the letter back to Paul and went off to her soon to be ex husband and there was silence. "Seth love, help me bring this down, I don't want to hurt the place or drop it...my daughter Bells is waiting outside to help me bring it home. He gave a nod and pulled out a set of keys. "First things first. Ms Mary, these are yours and welcome to the south." There went my jaw hanging open again. Seth had my tapestry outside in a jiffy and I followed him out; shocked that I hadn't heard or known of this before now. Mable was a wickedly clever woman that none of us could ever give her credit for.