was only when Carlisle took drastic action to make the boy see sense that his mood would lift. He knew this was one of those times as Jasper would allow himself to spiral into a depression if left unchecked. Carlisle pushed up the sleeves on his sweater and folded his arms as he leaned forward to face a very worried Jasper. "You are correct son. You do seem to need a reminder shall we say. I am tired of your constant devastating words you beat yourself with. I can offer words of love and reassurance, yet you obstinately block them out! Sometimes words are not enough." Carlisle spoke sternly and stood by the side of his desk as he watched his misguided son. "Stand up and remove your shirt and face me." Jasper was surprised at Carlisle's reply as what he really needed was reassurance. He reasoned to himself not for the first time that he knew it was what he deserved for his past sins yet realised he may have been too hasty expressing them out loud. He began to retract. "Papa, I spoke out of turn. I apologise. They are just thoughts that I need to work out on my own" Jasper stood up quickly and moved towards the door, watching the strap from the corner of his eye. "The st-strap will not be necessary." "Jasper Whitlock Cullen! I did not give you permission to leave the study or disregard an order. Remove your shirt, face me and do not presume." Carlisle's eyes had darkened slightly as he watched his boy for foolishness and waited for his son's compliance. Nervously, Jasper slowly began to unbutton his shirt and placed it on the desk. Jasper berated himself for seeking out his father. It was Alice's fault for encouraging him to talk about Jason. Alice had promised that daddy would make it better. Alice left out the part that he was going to get a whippin! He stood to attention and faced his father, wincing slightly at the thought of having to fetch the strap. Carlisle looked intently at his son and fixed his eyes onto the bite as he traced his thumb along the scar that he had reluctantly gave Jasper all those years ago. "You once stood in my study and made a request of me. What was that request son? Have you forgotten the reasons behind the request? As I have not and NEVER will!" "To bite me Papa." Jasper felt humiliated standing before his father half naked. His hand went to his scar and he calmed himself as he had begun to project anxiously onto his father. Carlisle took Jasper's hand and held it to his own chest. "To absolve me." Jasper suddenly realised the point Carlisle was so visually making to his hard headed son. "I needed atonement from my past, and you gave it to me." "YOU have been atoned my boy." Carlisle stroked Jasper's hair and cupped his hand around the boy's neck. "If you are asking me to thrash you then NO son I will not."He lightly bumped his son's head with his own. Carlisle reached for Jasper's shirt and helped him back into it, giving Jasper reassurance from the gesture. "You are exceptionally good. Sometimes terrible injustice happens to exceptional people." Carlisle kissed his son's forehead. "If I could take away your hurt I would. I would gladly wear it for you son. You need to come to terms with your past as only time will heal." "Exceptionally good. Papa, you may change your mind on that assessment of my nature. You may also reconsider that whippin too after you know the truth." Jasper's hands began to tremble and the simple act of redoing his buttons became impossible. Carlisle rubbed Jasper's arm and began to fasten the buttons on his son's shirt. "I really n-need to tell you about him." Jasper began to cry as the full weight of his own admissions crashed against him. The boy bowed his head standing rigid, Carlisle wrapped Jasper in his arms and rocked him as he continued to weep. He guided him to the sofa and they sat down. Jasper began to calm himself, he felt safe and loved in his father's embrace; they remained that way for sometime. Once composed, embarrassment made Jasper sit straight and formal. Eventually, Jasper turned to mimic Carlisle's relaxed posture and they faced each other. The boy felt calmer now as reassurance from his father washed over him. Swiping at his tears he focused on an unruly lock of Carlisle's blonde hair, which seemed to have unravelled from his impossibly neat head. The lock seemed easier to look at, than focusing on the kind and compassionate eyes of his leader. "He has been in my head lately. I guess that is all I saw that day. Just a phantom; maybe if I tell you, then I will stop seeing ghosts." "I unwillingly handed Maria a new mouse to torture. She was very good at it Papa. She sensed from the beginning that I had feelings for the boy. My secret belief sealed his lowly place in the coven. She would often leave his mental and physical torture for me to administer. For her entertainment of course. If Maria had got bored of him, she would have made me dispose of his being." Jasper smiled bitterly and grinded his jaw. "It would have been much more merciful to him if I had done so." "That was your punishment wasn't it? For disobeying Maria's direct order in regards to the boy's uncle." Carlisle squeezed Jasper's knee reassuringly as the boy trembled with pent up emotion and began to take unnecessary breaths to calm his nerves. Jasper winced at his father's truthful words. "Yes Papa. It was my punishment..." A/N *Congratulations Cumor! Who has been nominated for the Energize W.I.P. Award. In the category as "Most promising Twilight FanFiction ~ canon" The Voting will be from March. 13. – March. 20.*