to sort out your mess. Are you abandoning us, after we helped you in your hour of need?" "Leah, I won't walk away, I won't leave your family to suffer because of us. "He sighed deeply, "I'm sorry Leah, so sorry, I wish I could turn the clock back for all of you but that is beyond even us. Is there anything else I can do for you?" I look at him directly, glaring at his golden eyes, "You could put me out of my misery and kill me now". "Nooo " screams my mum who comes to hug me and Seth. "My poor baby" and rocks me in her arms. I turn my glare on Jacob, the wolf turned traitor. "or you could let me leave the tribe to be as one with my wolf self, like we were going to before you imprinted on the mutant child." My mum sobs "Leah don't go, don't leave us like Jacob did." Jacob sighs in frustration and Carlisle asks him to explain my request, "When Bella and Edward got engaged I ran away and spent time living up north as a wolf, feeling nothing but the needs of my wolf self. That helped me to forget everything human, to leave my pain behind. Then when Leah was helping to guard your family I showed her how to let her wolf instinct take over and we talked about leaving together, about supporting each other." "Traitor" I mutter. My mum looks at me accusingly, "I saw what Jacob leaving did to his father, I was the one who had to support Billy and you will NOT do that to me, do you hear!" Jacob continues "Then Renesme came along and now I am bound to her and I fear that if I let Leah go wolf alone then she will not return. I had a pull to Bella that I could not escape but Leah does not have that pull, if anything the Sam issue will push her further away. We have to find something else, some other way to help her." Carlisle's phone rings, he takes it out of his pocket with a muttered apology but hesitates when he sees who is calling. He answers the phone "Alice, what do you see". I hear Alice's voice pleading "Don't do this Carlisle; it will tear our family apart !" "Do you have an alternative ?" "Does she mean more than us ? Your own family ?" Carlisle hangs up and sighs. "Leah, we will find a way to help you. I am a surgeon, not a miracle worker, but if this was an infected wound then I would clean the wound before stitching it back together again and protecting it until the wound is healed. " "Sue, I think that Leah should tell her story to all my family, so that they all understand the pain and suffering that we have caused by our presence. It is possible that giving her an outlet for her feelings will help and it is also possible that as a family we may be able to come up with a way to help her recover to the point where she can return to you." I growl a refusal but mum looks hopefully at Carlisle "Could you make her better ? Can you heal her ?" Carlisle sighs again, "We will try Sue, I don't know how long it will take but we will do everything we can for Leah, I promise that we will take good care of her." Mum turns back to me, "please Leah, for me". Seth also looks happy, he trusts the Cullen's and seems to think that Carlisle is some sort of miracle worker. Jacob though is looking cautiously at Carlisle, worried perhaps by Alice's words. I finish my soup and consider my options. I could refuse to go, just curl up here again and wait for the end or I could go with the vampire to meet his family ! Neither were appealing options but maybe if I annoyed the vampires enough they would kill me, maybe I would get a chance to attack one of them. That thought cheered me up." Carlisle turns to Jacob, "I will go ahead and let the others know, could you bring Leah and whatever she needs to stay with us until she is better ?" Jacob nods and my mum adds "Carlisle, I will pack a bag for Leah now, and Jacob, I will call Charlie to ask if he can take us to the Cullen's. Seth can go with you to look after Leah." "No mum, Seth should stay here to look after you" I interrupt, "I'm sorry mum, I'm sorry to do this to you and I can't take Seth away from you", turning to Seth "Please Seth look after mum for me ?" Seth hesitates and looks from me to mum and nods "mum we can always visit Leah and I don't want to leave you alone." My mum escorts Carlisle to the door and I sense that she won't push the point, perhaps concerned about Seth as much as about me. I curl up on my bed as mum bustles around me packing a bag with clean clothes, worrying about me and promising to visit me as often as she can. She sits by me and strokes my face, "my poor Leah, get well soon my baby, and come home as soon as you can." Charlie is his usual taciturn self, waiting until we are in his cruiser before asking what was wrong with me. Mum and Jacob hesitate and I butted in "Do you remember how Bella was when Edward left ?", he nodded warily. "Well that's how I feel. Charlie, please look after mum for me, you know better than anyone else what she is going through." Charlie nodded again and I felt that I had done what I could for mum and Seth, time now for the Cullen's.