put them there, made me feel more alive than I ever had, even when I'd narrowly escaped death. I hunched over her, not caring about the carnage I was resting amongst. I slept better that night than I ever had before—better even than those nights I'd finally brought down some asshole that had been hanging over me for too long, and sounder than any night before I got into all that shit. When sunlight sneaked through the curtains, I caught her inspecting herself in the mirror, her hands caressing the bruises, bite marks, and other such evidence of our mating. I made towards her from the place it all happened. "I'm not even sorry," I said smugly, shifting her hair out of the way so we could get a better view. "Me neither." She smirked back at me in the mirror. She bent forward, hands to the glass, and we showed each other just how not sorry we were. We stayed in that motel room for two more days, happy as pigs in our own dirt, fucking to drown out the voices in our heads that demanded we do, and then doing it some more, me leaving marks of ownership all over her soft skin and her thanking me for it. But we couldn't hide much longer. I had to face the consequences of my choices, just like the fuckers we took out at the agency. Speaking of the agency, I had to finish the hit I was working on the day I checked into Motel Bella, and what's more, I had to carry it out pro bono to correct my wrongs with them. Then I had to bow out quietly, keeping Bella and myself on the DL so she could be believed dead. I didn't care too much about that; I'd paid my dues there. I'd miss not having to endure the daily grind of a typical job, as it was unlikely I'd be able to apply for the same gig elsewhere; it wasn't like being a sales assistant or something. I'd miss the guys, but I'd majorly fucked up, and they were a lot softer on me than they had any reason to be. Besides, not to sound like some lame ad for women's shit, but what I got in the bargain was... worth it. Bella and I both changed our images, so as not to take chances with being found out now that we'd found each other. I went for a shaved head, which she loved to smooth her hands over. I had contacts in a lot, which irritated the hell out of me, and I had to cut down on the labels, but like I said, these were all small sacrifices in the grand scheme of things. There were advantages to the new look. I was sporting some scruff on my chin, which Bella called the "Pussy Tickler." It made her purr like a trained feral cat when it scraped against her, and the scratches were another way to show where I'd been... She dyed her hair darker and got a shorter, shaggier haircut, which just made me want to shag her all the more. She toughened up her wardrobe and went for a nose piercing. She was my little punk princess. It wasn't like I didn't miss her old image, the one that had first struck me, but the new one was really something to behold, and she'd always be my Bella. The day she danced through the door of our current digs, telling me she had something to show me, then lifting her tight denim shirt to display a small tattoo of my initials above her groin, got her another good, hard fucking from behind so I wouldn't hurt the new scar tissue too much. We were like two teenage runaway delinquents. The fact that I now felt I was protecting her rather than pursuing her only brought out more possessiveness in me. That she was mine didn't douse the flames of our passion; they burned stronger. The pull between us was like that between magnets, the lust a beast that, when fed, only hungered for more. Lust turned to love, as it often does, and still we couldn't leave each other alone. At first, it was enough to have my essence on her; the smell of me on her skin made everything bad in my world weak. But even that wasn't enough anymore. She was like an addiction. Some might say it was unhealthy, even try to argue that we showed the early signs of an abusive relationship, but that would be shit-talking. All that mattered was that we knew what we had. It wasn't just about me having power over her; she controlled me just as much. Ours was a love that was at times jealous and inconvenient, but we wouldn't settle for anything less. In hotels, motels, apartments, and hideaways scattered all across the country, I continued to have her every way I could, except that which my craving for had increased exponentially. We were experimenting more in the general area. Yep, I was going for my brown wings. And I'd get there— flap, mother fucking flap! We even fooled around with bondage. Some tools of my old trade I still had in my possession proved useful. So sue me, I was a sucker for the way the rope marked her long after I untied her. Ultimately, though, there was something more traditional we had to do to be happy that we truly belonged to each other. When that day came, with her clad in an ivory shift dress, if not for long, I carried Bella over the threshold of a motel room much like the one I carried her over the day I staked my claim. She looked more breath-taking than ever. I repaid the favor by taking her breath away as the ink dried on the stamp of our marriage certificate, the mark that legally made her mine. Forever.