myself on top of him. My hands on his chest I threw my head back riding him. He gripped on my breast and hip. "Fuck baby." He moaned but I didn't stop. My mouth dropped open and I could feel my eyes rolling back. "Oh no you don't he pushed forward placing me back on my back again. He lifted my leg up and…and fuck it was perfect. "Edward—" "No." He declared. "So close." "We do it together." I didn't think I could wait for him. I didn't want to. "Come on baby." He whispered right over my face and I opened my eyes to stare into his. It was times like this that I could feel us truly melt together. With each thrust neither of us broke eye contact. The sweat driped from his nose on to my face and I welcomed it. "Edward!" "Bella!" He fell on top of me and I wrapped my arms around him trying to catch my breath. Neither one spoke and that was okay. We hadn't seen each other in a month. There was too much to say. Finally and sadly he rolled over beside me and I moved into his arms. I loved the way he held me. "I missed you." He said. "I missed you too." I replied. Again we fell into silence. It shouldn't have to be this way but everything was just so complicated…it seemed like the only thing that was simple was how we felt about each other. "I can't do this anymore Bella." "What?" I sat up quickly looking down at him. "I can't keep pretending like we aren't together—" "Edward we talked about this." "Now we're talking again." He sat up as well, "I want to come out about us." Shit. "Edward—" "Stop saying my name like that." He snapped rising from the bed. "Like what?" "Like I don't know what I'm bloody asking for." "Do you?" "Seriously?" He asked me angrily. "You know what never mind." "Edward don't." I begged as he put his jeans back on. "Don't what? Don't leave? That's all we ever do Bella we fuck, and then we leave each other for only god knows how long." "That isn't true!" "You want to know what's not true? You aren't married to your work you're married to ME." He said before stomping out. "Hey—" "I'm sick of watching you on television and reading about who may or may not be your boyfriend—" "This isn't a one way street! I have to do the same thing with you too!" "Then let's stop!" He yelled back before sighing, "Let's stop being each other's dirty little secret Bella because we are neither dirty or little people. I want my wife." "Do you know how long marriages last in this business?" "I don't fucking care." "Well you should because I don't want to lose you." "You aren't going to lose me." He groaned. "The moment we go public they will do everything in their power—" He grabbed the sides of my face forcing me to look into his eyes; "Do you love me?" I fought the stupid tears back and nodded; "More than anyone in this world." "I love you too. I think about you everyday. I want you twice a day. The days I do not hear from you are the darkest of my life. When people look at you I want them to know, I'm the man you come home to. I'm the man who makes you scream out in bed. It's been two years. I want to meet your father. I want you to meet my family. I'm ready are you?" I shook my head; "No." He sighed turning from me but I just grabbed on to him; "I don't think I'll ever be ready but if you want to do this fine." "Bella I don't want to do this if it will upset you." "And not doing this will upset you ." I placed my head on his chest. "I'm just scared." "I kinda am too." He whispered wrapping his arms around me. "Your braver then me, though." I pulled out of his arms brushing my hair behind my ears. Taking a deep breath I nodded; "Let's go public." "Should I call?" He asked when I moved to the counter grabbing the icing. "Yeah." He nodded grabbing his cellphone coming up right beside me. He didn't dial but just stared at me. He placed his hands on my hip. I hadn't even realized I was naked. That's how comfortable he made me. I could stand in front of him bare as can be. "Aren't you going to call?" I asked licking the spoon. "These are our last few moments of privacy." He smiled shaking his head at me as I licked the icing off the spoon again…he was a health nut after all. He kissed my lips softly before pulling back and dialing. "I need you to leak something for me." He said brushing my hair back. "What sir?" The person on the other line asked and I could feel my heart beating faster and faster. "Prince Edward is dating the Isabella Swan." With that he hung up. Sending the man a decent photo of us. "That's going to be everywhere by morning." It felt like someone had lifted a bolder of my shoulders…but only for the night. "Yeah so why don't we just spend the day in bed?" He grinned pulling me to closer to him. "When do we tell them were married?" I smiled wrapping my arms around his neck. He shook his head; "Never. That was between you, me and God. Besides my grandmother would have my head. We need to have a royal wedding like my brother." "You do know just because you call her grandmother doesn't make her any less the Queen of England." "I know." Before you click next leave me a little review! lol I do not own twilight just the plot of this story!