he was older. Look wise, anyway. We were the same age, but now he looked like he could walk into any bar and order a drink without being carded. For the first two changes, I thought that maybe he'd started seeing a girl form the rez, but Graham, another boy from La Push, said that EJ was still as "single as a Pringle". So, I was still in the dark. Mindfully, I chewed this over along with the last of my bacon. "Um, Sloane, honey," Mom pulled me from my thoughts, "you might want to start to head for school." I looked up at the clock on the oven. "Crap!" Scrambling, I threw my plate and fork in the dishwasher and kissed Mom goodbye before snagging my blue jacket out of the closet. "Love you! Thank you for breakfast!" I jumped up into my little ford and drove into town, careful of the ice that had formed in the night. The parking lot at school was half full when I arrived. Unwilling to leave the warmth of the cab, I sat in my car for a few more minutes and watched my fellow students pile into the different buildings that held their various first period classes. Breaking through my silent cocoon, the warning bell told me it was time to go. I braced myself for the cold, turning off my engine, and shuffled to English. Like always, Abby was sitting near the middle of the classroom, the seat next to her waiting patiently for me. Her corkscrew curls bounced as she turned her head to me, watching me sit down. "How was your weekend?" Her curly hair was hard to get used to. Since our friendship's beginning in the sixth grade, Abby had used relaxer to rein her locks in. Recently, she decided she didn't need to do that and they've been running free ever since. I liked the curls. They fit her wide, toothy smile and heart shaped face perfectly. Not that she needed my validation. "Boring," I answered her. "I spent both days at home." She made a face. "EJ canceled again?" I nodded. We were supposed to just hang out at his place, but "something came up". Abby's opinion of EJ was slipping farther and farther into the negative zone. She was happy that I had found someone to go into the woods with me. She like the occasional trip to the beach, but long hours of outdoor activities just for fun wasn't really her thing. But now I was being deprived of that joy. "I'm going to kill him," Abby growled. All five-foot-even of the girl could be scary when she was angry. Though she be but little, she is fierce. Shakespeare would be proud. I waved her off. "Don't worry about it. If he cancels, I'll just go with the other guys." EJ didn't really like me hanging out with Graham and Alex without him. I figured it was because he didn't want me to be uncomfortable with the two big flirts. Mom had another thought in mind. Jealousy. I pushed the thought from my mind. The final bell rang and we each turned to face the front. English class was my favorite. Well, more like I loved that it was basically an entire hour devoted to the discussion of classic literature. I admired the way people spoke back then, with feeling, using words that were long and complicated, but now tossed to the side for being too pompous. "Would you say that Dicken's wrote any sympathetic characters in this novel?" Mr. Rosner jumped right into the conversation. We were studying Great Expectations and, though I liked the novel's storyline, I hated the characters. I commented softly, "Barely." He heard me anyway. "Why do you think that, Miss Summers?" It was easy to keep him happy, just answer his questions and keep the conversation going. "Joe is the only one who deserves the happiness he got," I replied, leaning forward in my chair. "All he ever did was try to do the right thing and give Pip a chance." "The guy doesn't have a backbone!" Jackson jumped in from the front row. His dark brown hair was pulled back in a bun today, his red flannel shirt unbuttoned to show off the sarcastic T-shirt he wore underneath. "He let everyone walk all over him." "But he ultimately was the one who gained happiness without having to go through hell and lose everything beforehand." I countered. "Through Joe we can learn that loyalty and conscience are more important than wealth and advancement." Getting a little too into my argument, I began to talk with my hands more than usual. "Pip has to lean those the hard way, even though he had a great example right in from of him!" My fingers flicked my pencil off the desk. Before it could hit the blue speckled tile, a ghost white hand snatched it out of the air. Alice Masen sat in the desk in front of Abby. Typically, she sat perfectly still, facing the front of the classroom all hour long. But now her torso was twisted so she was looking at me, my pencil safe in her hand. I took it from her, noticing how careful she was not to touch my skin. "Thanks," I smiled at her. She smiled back warmly and nodded before turning back to the front. The discussion soon shifted to a breakdown of chapters ten through fourteen. I tried to pay attention, but I kept glancing at the back of Alice's head. She was back at her unnatural stillness. It was like staring at a statue in an art museum. Her classic, impish looks just egged on the comparison. Suddenly, her shoulders twitched, startling me. I hadn't realized I was watching her so closely that the slight movement was a shock to my system. The bell rang and, gracefully, she hopped up from her seat and practically skipped out of the classroom.