him closer to her by his ass, and she smiles. "Hi." He smiles, too. "Hey, baby." Her eyes roll a little and she clenches more, feeling her orgasm approach. "I just wanted to say that, um… your cock is kind of a rock star." His eyes sparkle. "Oh yeah? You like my cock?" He swallows and licks his lips. "Um, yeah… he can be my friend." His green eyes narrow. "Friend huh? I'll show you friend." He slows down and stays buried deep and just works his tip back and forth over that spot as her eyes go wide. "Oh… um… that's more than friendly…" "Bella…" He's going to cum soon. "Oh, God… Edward. Don't stop doing that." She starts to close her eyes again. "Bella, don't take your eyes off me." Her eyes open just barely and she focuses on his face again. "I want you to cum on my cock. Just like this." He stays slow and deep, circling and barely pulling out and then sliding back in. Over and over, hitting that spot as their eyes stay locked, until she tightens and starts to shake. She sort of screams, and he smiles and groans, tightening himself, so ready to explode. Their mouths find each other and his tongue slides in and mimics the movement of his hips, and that does just the trick. They both topple over, as Bella begins to shudder and convulse around him, squeezing him tight. Her muscles flutter and clench and she milks his cock so good and hard. He bucks and grunts into her, and cums so fucking hard. They sort of laugh out incredulously through awed orgasmic smiles, it's that fucking good. After he's finished, he stays deep inside, loving her aftershocks. He kisses her sweetly and buries his head in the crook of her neck. "Fuck, baby." She clenches again around him again. "Mmm, I love being inside you." Bella shudders one last time and relaxes under him. She murmurs, "Megablissgasmic…" Edward cracks up and shifts to rest on his right forearm. He reaches with his free hand to smooth her sweaty hair off her flushed face. "I knew you would come to the dark side. Urban Dictionary's going to love that one." She smiles, her eyes still closed, and whispers the obvious, "Edward, you've seen my cum face." She flushes a deeper red. "I have, indeed. And, not for the last time, either." He kisses her chin and waits for her to open her eyes. "Because I'm your Captain O." Then he pulls out slowly, and she hums and he sighs, but he stays between her spread thighs. "And for the record, Operation Johnson turned out just fine." She giggles. "That's just so… so…" "Baby, as soon as you touched my cock everything became about Operation Johnson." They lay there for a bit, just resting and staring and smiling and sometimes slowly kissing. Bella is the one to break the silence. "You know, Edward, I think we broke my bed." His eyes pop open and flash to their cuffed hands, and she's right. Somehow, when they were learning to be no-longer-just-best-friends…Bella's iron headboard snapped at a weakened spot, freeing them from its confines. Of course, they are still handcuffed together, but at least they can get up off the bed. Just then, another loud beep sounds out to them and they freeze and stare at each other, waiting. It's Alice, again, only this time she doesn't sound so chipper. " Holy shit you guys… you guys… I have the worst hangover. " There's a small gagging sound. "And I don't understand this smell in the air here at all. I thought Paris would be all pastries and paint, but it's not. It smells like ass right now. " They hear something that sounds like it just sagged to the floor. "Jasper, don't you fucking pass out right there. Fucking pussy. Anyway, guys, I wanted to say that I hope you two are having some fun. Get it, get it. Ha… ouch. And, um… Jesus my head… um, the other key is at the bottom of Bella's shower gel… so, you know… hope Jazzy's plan worked and that weakened iron broke on Bella's headboard… Baby? Jazzy, roll over! " They hear Jasper cry a little. " You owe me a new Swiss Army knife, by the way. " And she just hangs up. Edward looks at Bella. And Bella looks at him. "So… you want to take a shower?" She blushes deep. "With me?" With a crooked smile, he answers, "Yeah, I do. Because we forgot something, you know." Her eyebrows lift. "We did?" "Yep, we sure did. And since we need that handcuff key, I'm thinking the shower is the perfect place to for us to round third base." Bella quite agrees. ~*~The End~*~ a/n ...um...i think i did it again...um...what can i say...*shrugs*...lol o.O O.o lol...ha...a reviewer told me recently that she thinks i must own ALL the lemons and i gotta say at the very least i own a grove or two...*snickers*...hope you enjoyed that and if you haven't already done so please check out my other stuff..yeah...cuz, you know...lemons(!)...love love... xxx jess p.s. THANK YOU FRIENDS TO LOVERS CONTEST...THANK YOUUUUUU! Awards & Acknowledgements (links minus the spaces) : ~ Public Vote 1st Place - Banner: friendstoloverscontest . tumblr image / 70342248648 ~ Judges' Vote 3rd Place - Banner: friendstoloverscontest . tumblr image / 70342391222 ~ Judge's Favorite from Chocaholic123 ( chocaholic12345) - Banner: friendstoloverscontest . tumblr image / 70342768520 ~ Special Category Award Winner - The One With Chandler's Work Laugh (Best Humor) - Banner: friendstoloverscontest . tumblr image / 70343737479 Thank you to all who participated, read, reviewed & voted! So much fun! Big, ginormous THANK YOU to emsuckle for her extremely gracious offer to Beta Operation Johnson practically last minute (thank god for the extended deadline). Love to you. Seriously. *Hugs* And, a big thank you to sparklymeg for connecting me to emsuckle. *Hugs*