him." Jessica sniffed, crossing her arms and resting her hard eyes on Edward. Ray suppressed a smile as she traded a knowing glance with Bella. They seemed in agreement that Edward may have turned Jessica down at some point. "I have another theory." A blond boy, with ice blue eyes and a killer smile piped up. Mike Newton? Ray speculated. "They're gay." "Don't be fuckin' stupid." The words were out of her mouth before she'd even thought of how she could explain them. All eyes on the table locked onto Ray's face, a mixture of shocked and amused looks clearly displayed on their faces. Ray timidly tucked an ashy blonde strand of hair behind her ear, hand brushing the cartilage piercing and running over her cool, metal, earring. "I mean, the ging'er maybe, but the huge guy? My gaydar is not registering." Booming laughter exploded from Emmett, Ray couldn't be sure if it was her words or their own conversation but either way Edward did not look pleased. He was stiff and his jaw seemed tight. His fists were clenched on the table, knuckles not far from being pure white if she had to take a guess from the tautness displayed in his arms. "Ging'er?" Bella questioned Ray's strange pronunciation and Ray's insides turned to ice. She had just used an offensive British term for gingers directed at Edward Cullen, the vampire living with an ex-pat. "Don't ever repeat that." The words seemed to tumble over each other in her haste to spit them out. "Horrible, offensive British term, I'm sorry for ever using it." Her heart felt like it was once again running a marathon. "British slang, awesome got anymore?" The three vampire men rose from their table, dropping their food into the bin and replacing their trays the epitome of grace and poise. Ray let out a trembling breath, quickly settling into the conversation with the American teens feeling comfortable for the first time all day. Just before the bell finally rang to signal the end of lunch, Angela, the quiet dark haired girl offered to answer any questions Bella and Ray had. Ray had only one as she peered down at her schedule. "What the fuck is Calculus?" English and Food Tech passed for Ray in much the same way as the rest of the day had, like Sonic the Hedgehog was whizzing her through it. Odd blurs, snatches of conversation and one very burnt batch of cookies were the only things she remembered as she met up with Bella outside building three. Bella walked a slump to her shoulders; head down as the girls made their way towards the office at the end of the day. "What's up?" Ray used a gentle tone, placing a careful hand on Bella's shoulder, a slight crease in between her eyes both out of genuine concern for Bella's emotional well-being and silent fury that they would have to face Edward again in the office when he had clearly upset Bella so badly. "I think Edward Cullen hates me." Bella's voice exploded out of her the anger and confusion crackling in her indignant tone and catching Ray by total surprise. "I didn't even speak to him; all he did was glare at me like I smelt funny all through Biology." Ray tried to keep her voice in check; she stumbled over her words paying careful attention not to sound too sure of herself. "I'm sure it's personal Bella, probably not your issue at all, he can't possibly hate you if he doesn't even know you maybe he's just-" The door to the office opened and the girls stepped in, Ray mentally cringed making sure to keep her stance as relaxed as possible, arms hanging limply by her side as Edward argued with Mrs Cope about switching Biology. Bella's body seemed to curl in on itself and Ray's whole body flushed with heat as she wrapped a comforting arm around the quiet girl who, a day ago was merely a character in a book to her, and now honestly felt like one of her closest companions. The memories that flooded her mind whenever she looked at Bella filled her with a contentment she had only ever received periodically from her best friend in her original world. The door opened once more a gust of wind blowing towards the counter, papers ruffling slightly in the wind as a small girl dived in, placed a note in one of the numerous wire baskets and dived out again, all in less than half a second. The effect was immediate. Edward stiffened his muscles tightening, his neck became taut as he turned slowly and fixed Bella with such a hate filled, piercing glare that the tiniest hairs on Aurelia's body stood on end. His dark eyes were malicious and for one split moment Ray forgot everything she knew of Edward and Bella's future, total focus on the current situation. The one in which Edward looked every inch the predator, ready to drain every last drop of blood from Bella's veins. A quick, hasty, dismissal of the situation slipped from Edward's lips as Ray's eyes remained frozen on his glinting white teeth. Then, as quickly as it had happened, he was gone. Ray took Bella's slip from her quivering hand, returning both Bella's and her own to Mrs Cope, brushed off the red-heads questions on the day with a quick remark on the lovely school and lead Bella from the office. Gently and carefully Ray pried the keys from Bella's vice like grip, huddling her into the passenger side of the truck as she fought the tears welling in her eyes. Ray let out a shuddering breath of her own, convinced the most dangerous part was over for a time, and climbed into the truck, driving both Bella and herself home. So I hope you all liked it? If you did please drop a review and let me know! Hope to hear from you all soon, Rue.