kiss on the cheek, our hips rubbed against each other, causing a bolt of electricity I had never experienced before to run up my body and settle in my core, while creating something rock hard in Charlie's pants. We quickly pulled away, but it was too late to take the deed back, and both of us were mortified. Had I really just gotten excited over my father? And did he really just get an erection from me? True, I thought my dad was handsome, a bit scruffy, but not bad to look at, and he was beyond ripped, that I knew from watching him train from the station gym I sometimes went to, but I never thought he was sexy. At least I didn't think that way until now. Now, it was as if all my past, childish, innocent thoughts about my dad were replaced with incestuous ones filled with desire and curiosity. At the moment, in my hormone-induced state, there was nothing I wanted more than for someone to touch me, and unfortunately, that someone was Charlie. That burst of energy was like no other high I have ever experienced, and I, like every teenager, had done a few hits here and there, but Charlie's touch was stronger than any drug. It was like lightning had struck my most private places, leaving them tingly and wanting more. I could tell he wanted me too; his hard-on still visible through the hand he tried to cover it in vain with, and the thought of it made me drool. Oh God, how I wanted to feel him in my hands, how I wanted to squeeze him, stroke him. How I wanted him to take himself and ram it straight into my- I made myself stop my thoughts midway through before I ran the risk of orgasming right then and there, and I forced myself to remember who the man in front of me was: my father! I was the most disgusting person in the world at the moment, but even my common sense and morals were finding it hard to compete with my raging hormones. Throughout my mental scolding, thoughts of my father's dick filled penetrated the sacred barriers in which I held rights and wrongs. They were all muddled now, and I could no longer decide if my thoughts were right or not. They felt so good; they made me feel amazing, so they had to be right, right? I knew he had to be experiencing my dilemma; the lust, fear, and disgust was evident all over his face. I knew he had been deprived of sex for a while now, since his last girlfriend dumped him over two years ago now and he didn't do the whole prostitute thing, and he was probably suffering worse than I was. He was so needy, knowing what he was deprived of, while I had not yet experienced it yet. I felt so bad for him, terrible that he could not be relieved of his weighty burden, that it automatically gave my own needs and thoughts verification. Charlie needed to be relieved of his suffering, and I was the only one who could do that for him. Getting up, I crossed the room to where he stood and wrapped my arms around him, embracing him in another close hug. I saw his pupils dilate and he tried to shove me away, but once more, it was too late. The hard lump I felt before had grown once again, but instead of running away this time, I pulled him in closer until the mass rubbed up against the crotch of my jeans. I heard his breathing pick up, and he successfully pulled away from me, his face angered yet red with blush. "Bella, what the hell are you doing?" he hissed at me, turning his body away from me. "We need each other Charlie; I can feel it. You need me and I need you." "No Bella, I do not need you, not like that! What the hell is wrong with you?" "Charlie, we are the only two people who care about each other. All my friends and my boyfriend left me. You have no friends or anyone to help you in life. We're all each other has, and we need each other, now more than ever." "Fuck Bella! You are my daughter! Even talking about this is illegal! Do you have any idea how twisted you sound?" "Don't you trust me Charlie? Don't you love me?" "Of course I love you Bells, but that doesn't mean that I... want you like that. No!" "Really? That bulge in your pants would say otherwise." He cursed under his breath. "That wasn't meant to happen...it's been so long since I'd had a woman so close to me...I had a momentary lack of control, but it's back now." "I know Charlie, I know, and that's why I'm doing this. I want to help you; I want to love you and make you feel good. You deserve it, all the hard work you've done raising me over the years. The least I can give you is my love in return..." "Bella..." Charlie gulped, but we were already getting closer. His hand went out to my face and I leaned into him, straddling his hips as he leaned against the kitchen countertops. I pressed myself right against his hardened member, pushing myself down on him and rotating my hips in a circular motion, causing some low, animalistic sound to rip from his throat. "We need this Charlie..." I whispered to him, pressing myself down harder, feeling my own wetness pool in the bottom of my panties. "We need each other now. We are all each other has..." "I know..." Charlie whispered into my ear, grabbing my legs and wrapping them around his waist. His voice was shaky, but the desire was clear. We needed each other. We were all each other had, and we were all each other wanted.