I am best man. That means I walk down the aisle with the maid of honor. You." CRAP! He had me and I couldn't change it. We were starting. "Fine. But I swear you better keep you hands to yourself. I have pepper spray and I know how to use it." "Yes ma'am," he said then winked at me. I grabbed his arm and we started to walk. I kept my eyes to the front so I wouldn't be tempted to look at him. But I could smell him, and that was just as bad. I made it to the front, finally. He squeezed my arm then ushered me to my side. I looked up and saw sadness in his eyes. He was feeling everything that I was. The music started to play. I could see my dad walking, then suddenly I saw Rose. She looked breathe taking. Most people look at the bride because she is such a vision. However, I have always liked to look at the groom. It is in that moment that you can see his love radiating off him towards his soon to be wife. As I looked at Emmett, that is just what I saw. He was smiling but had tears in his eyes. There was love, pride, adoration and surprise all in his face. I glanced past him and saw Edward looking at me. What I saw, stole my breath more then Rose and Emmett. He was looking at me the way Emmett was looking at Rose. Only there was one more emotion I could see. Shame. He was ashamed of how he had been, who he was and how he treated me. Most people would never be able to see all that with only one look. But I had known this man for most of my life. I could tell what he was thinking before he ever said a word. That's how it is when you care for someone. Love someone. The ceremony was beautiful. It was simple just like the bride and groom. We walked down the aisle after the kiss. I could feel my heart beating faster then it had in a while. I felt all the emotions that I had tried so hard to hide for years. We went to the hall for the reception but I couldn't go in just yet. I walked around back and just sat there. I knew that Rose would be missing me but it was starting to get real again. Before I knew it there was an arm around my sholders. I melted into my dads arms. I always felt so safe with him. "You love him. I don't know why you are trying so hard to convince yourself that you don't." I looked at him about to question how he knew, when he smiled. "Honey, when you look at him, it's as if you are finally breathing. I know that feeling. I had that with your mother. She was my best friend and lover. But we were too young and too stubburn to make it right. You have her heart but you have my stubburness. I know you love Edward. I don't think you ever stopped loving him. But love only waits for so long before it moves on." Just at that moment we looked up and saw my mother laughing with her new husband, Paul. She had remarried about 3 years ago. Then I realized that my dad had that same look that Emmett did. He still loved my mom, but he was man enough to let her be happy with someone else. "Oh daddy! I just don't want to be hurt again. It was horrible. I don't think my heart could take it." He kissed my forehead, hugged me, then said "Well kid, you might just have to tell him that then. But I can tell say that you will regret it if you give up. Love doesn't do that." He walked inside and I could see Rose and Emmett dancing like fools. They looked so happy and that is all I wanted. I wanted to be happy and feel loved again. I wanted...Edward! I went inside looking for him. I got caught talking to relatives. Man, I just needed to find him. Aunt Ruby, Cousin Lisa, Uncle Bill...where was he? I turned down the hall and there he stood. He was walking out the door with a girl from the wedding. She whispered in his ear and he started to laugh. No! Not again! "Edward! Edward, I love you!" He stopped in his tracks. He looked back to see who had yelled at him, but I could see he knew it was me. He looked scarred as he scanned for me. "Edward! I love you!" I shouted again. Then I took off. He was not getting away. I wasn't about to let him go again. Whoever she was, I didn't care. He started to run to me. We met each other and just stopped. "Hey. Are you ok? I thought I heard you say..." "I love you. I'm so sorry for everything. I love you. I know this might be too late, but I just needed..." He cut me off with his strong kiss. He grabbed me and kissed me harder then he ever had in the past. I kissed him back with as much love as I could muster. He needed to know that I loved him. "That is what I thought you said." He took a step back and looked at me. His hand was stroking my cheek but holding me so tightly. "I'm so sorry. I was scared.." "Shh. It doesn't even matter anymore. Isabella, I love you more then life itself. I am never letting you go again." Like fools we stood there and just kissed. I could hear people in the background but it was all just noise. Here I was in Edward's arms again. I am never leaving these arms again. The End