he took it and threw it over his desk, kissing my breast for a moment before looking back to his computer. He stared at the screen and I tried my best not to be nosey. He hadn't really spoken much about his personal life and neither had I. It was odd how when I was sleeping with him, I never felt anything but pleasure, however, afterwards the guilt would creep up, but I suppressed it the best I could. I had gone to his wedding, luckily it was such a large affair that no one noticed me, but still, I was apart of the experience, I saw my lover marry another woman. "Your phone is ringing." He stated, not looking away from his computer and sure enough, it was. Standing up, I searched the floor for my phone, kicking the clothing with my foot until I found it under my underwear. "Bella Swan." "Bells, when are you coming home?" Shit. Covering my breast with my hands, I turned away from Edward; "Dad, I sent you an email." "Who sends an email to their father explaining they aren't coming home?" "Charlie, I'm twenty- three. I don't really have to tell you what I do." "Bella, what's going on? Are you in trouble…" "No, I'm not in trouble. I just want to be free. To be free of Forks, free of nothingness, I want…" "Fine Isabella. Do what you want, be like your mother and just leave. You're so selfish." And with that, he was gone. Sighing, I grabbed my clothes, including my bra and did my best to put them back on quickly. I did feel selfish, truthfully I felt discombobulated. I was really doing all of this for sex and money… "Whatever you're thinking, stop it." He snapped and I could feel him walking over to me, but I didn't turn around; "We made a deal." "I know." He brushed his hand over my neck: "Good, because I'm not giving you up yet. You're going to come to the Hamptons with me, I'm going to fuck you in every room of my house and you're going to love every moment of it." "And with all this fucking, what will your wife say." I whispered. He kissed the back of neck; "We'll have to wait and find out. I have some work to finish up here, so if you must pack, do so quickly. I'll come by in half an hour to get you." I tried to leave, I needed a moment to clear my head, to breathe without his presence, but he wouldn't let me. He grabbed me, turning me until I met his green eyes before kissing me again. His tongue, not wasting a second before joining mine; he grabbed my ass, all but lifting me off the ground. When he let go of me I was panting for more. "I'm going to find out what makes you so addicting, even if it kills me." He smirked as I backed up. When he found out, I hoped he'd let me know. We were only on the jet for five minutes when he gave me that look. I tried to ignore it, staring at the books on the marble table in front of him. He didn't have any shame…the flight attendant was on board, even though he didn't seem to pay us any unwarranted attention. I wasn't sure if it was because he may have been gay or the fact that Edward almost always had everyone around him sign a Nondisclosure Agreement.. I had only been at his side for a week when I realized he cared very much for digression. Everyone around him knew when to walk away. "Do you need something sir?" I finally asked him, looking up from my biology books. "You insist on staying in school, why?" He crossed his legs, giving me his full attention. I shrugged; "I enjoy school, believe it or not, when we met, I actually went to see you because I followed bits and pieces of your work…" "With 3 million dollars at the end of the year, does it really matter?" Biting my tongue, I did my best not to scream; "I fucked you Mr. Cullen before I knew I was getting anything out of it. You made the offer, not me. I like science. I don't really care about the money…" "And you love the sex." I froze. He was right and I hated it. He snickered, rubbing the side of his chin; "You felt the need for my cock just as I did for your pussy the moment our eyes met and because you're just as red blooded as I am. You were going home and going to dream of our fuck, you were going to ache for it and by the time you made it to your house near 56 Merion Street, you knew the sex would be worth all else..." "And the point sir?" "I'm just trying to figure you out Swan." "Why? Is it because you're hoping the moment you do you want me to ache too? Or is it because you're hoping that if you can see how my mind works, you won't need to fuck me up the ass twice a day? That you won't need my tongue licking up your shaft and will be able to fight the urge to come on me?…I've notice that. At first I thought you were doing it as a precaution against pregnancy, but then I realized you just liked seeing me covered in your cum…proof that I was your bitch…your whore…" He snickered and didn't reply… I knew I was correct, I was nothing but his whore, something I was starting to accept. So I wrote another story yay! I was going to leave this as a one-shot but my wonderful Beta, BSeggie thought that I could make it into a mini story. What do you think? Let me know! I don't own twilight btw :)