to get going and don't want her to miss the plane." Phil said, breaking in before my mother could give me more instructions. I smiled gratefully at him. He gave me a quick wink as he put my bags on the ticket counter. "Oh, of course. Do you have your ticket?" "Yes." "OK, try not to get lost when you change planes in Seattle." "Yes mom." We stood there for a moment staring at each other. The differences between us never seemed stronger. Her strawberry blond hair and tan complexion were a huge contrast to my dull brown hair and pasty skin. Her shiny blue eyes the opposite of my boring brown. Where she was thin and firm, I was thick and jiggly. Thankfully Phil broke our stare down with a big hug. "I'm going to miss our movie nights. You have a good time and don't let anyone push you around. OK?" He pulled away and gave me a look that said, she means well . I doubted he was right about my mother's motives but I appreciated the sentiment. The only thing that had made the last two years bearable was Phil. He was always quick to diffuse a fight between my mother and me. And he never once made me feel badly about my weight. When it was the off season, he and I would spend every Saturday night watching scary movies and eating contraband junk food. He said that what my mother didn't know wouldn't hurt us. Mom always had some social event to go to on those nights so it was just Phil and me. "I'll miss you too." I said to him truthfully. "Phil, baby, we really should be going. I still need to get my outfit together for the Sneedly's dinner party tonight." They were going to a summer kick off block party tonight. I'm sure my mother was ecstatic that I wouldn't be attending. She was finding it increasingly more embarrassing to be seen with me in public. One more quick squeeze and Phil stepped back, leaving me once again staring at my mother. He nudged her forwards with his shoulder and nodded in my direction. She took a deep breath and put her arms around me in a small hug that lasted about 10 seconds before she stepped away. To say it was awkward would be an understatement. Renee wasn't a hugger. Sure, she and her friends could air hug and kiss like Beverly Hills Housewives, but when it came to me hugs were few and far between. "Yes, well don't be late for your plane. I do not want a call telling me to come back for you because you got distracted and missed your flight." "I won't mom." I'd rather lose a pinky toe than call her for help. "Goodbye, Bella. Have a good summer." Phil waved as he turned around to leave. My mother turned on her Manolo heels and walked away without another word or glance. I stood in the terminal and watched them walk away into the bright Arizona sun. I suppose it wouldn't have been odd to see a 13 yr old girl cry or sniffle a little as she watched her mother unceremoniously walk away knowing that she wouldn't see her for three months. But truthfully all I felt was relief. I would be outside of Renee's sphere of influence for three blessed months. No more 6:30 AM wake up calls to go running, or disapproving looks when I would unthinkingly choose to ingest a couple of potato chips. I wouldn't have to endure the fake smiles and comments from her as she introduced me to her friends, or have to pretend I didn't care when she chose to go alone to mother/daughter spa and shopping dates with her friends and their daughters. I was happy to be going away. I knew that living with Charlie would be fairly solitary but I was used to that. At least he wouldn't make disapproving noises over my food, clothes, music and reading choices. The plane ride to Seattle was uneventful. I'd switched planes in Seattle without missing my connecting flight or falling down an elevator shaft. The plane to Port Angeles was smaller than the one I flew into SeaTac on and thankfully less crowded. I was able to nab a single seat for the hop and was allowed to absently stare out the window without worrying about overflowing onto my neighbor's seat or spilling a drink into their lap. Backseat of Aunt Janet's Tahoe- Bella- 13 yrs Old On the road to Forks, WA When I had exited the jet way in Port Angeles, I'd felt as if a small weight had been lifted from my shoulders and I could finally take a deep breath. I didn't anticipate that the next three months would be perfect. I was still me and as such I knew it was a foregone conclusion that I would trip over my own feet, dress like a "fat ghetto clown", thanks mom, and attempt to relatively stay off of everyone's radar until I would make that walk on the jet way in reverse. I settled back into my seat between Jasper and Emmett and closed my eyes. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Looking out of the window, I contemplated my new reality. I didn't know what awaited me in Forks. All I was sure about was regardless of what was waiting for me when I returned to Phoenix and the cold arms of my mother, for the first time in a long time I wasn't dreading tomorrow. A/N What did you think? I'm already working on chapter 2. So, if it sucks let me know before I waste anymore time on it. LOL! I would really, really appreciate a review. Even if it's only a couple of words to tell me I should take up knitting and quit wasting everyone's time. Have a great weekend. Christa