her spot perfectly with the ball of his piercing. She can't help the squeal-gasp-moan that escapes her as she says, barely getting her words out, "Thank you. It's beautiful, but," deep feminine groan, "oh god, ung, Edwaaaard," she's practically vibrating, 'can we please fuck now? I need you to fuck me…please…" Everything stills. Then, a crack is heard as the mirror drops to the hard floor, fracturing inside its frame. Then, a shriek and a 'fuck yeah' is sounding together as Edward yanks Bella's hips back hard, no doubt leaving marks as he begins to fuck his girl right there in his chair, her fresh tattoo shining like a light back at him. Shining with his insane love and need. With how they are both permanently marked with his promise, now. "You're mine, Bella," he grips and lifts her, then slams her back down around his cock, "fucking mine, sweetheart…" "Oh God…yes…" Another slam down as he bucks up hard, using his feet as leverage, too, rotating deep and grinding hard, demanding, "Squeeze that cock, baby. Fucking…hell yeah…so perfect…" Her walls clench and quiver as she begs, "Harder…more…" He grunts and bucks again and again, the head of his cock and apadravya sliding over that perfect spot inside her repeatedly, "You feel that…feel my cock fucking you, baby? You need more?" Buck, hard grind, "Take it…take my cock beautiful…" She screams, her right hand moving back and up to grip his hair in her fingers tight. He loves it. She's wild…and so is he. He also needs more leverage. Moving his arm securely around her waist, he bucks deep into her one more time before he lifts them both up with his thighs and slides back and off the end of the Inkbed to stand behind her, still deep inside. Bella's thighs straddle the chair now and her ass is right at its edge. Hard breathing, he directs, "Rest down on your elbow, sweetheart, and hold on." He is going to fuck her. Hard. Bella groans at the new angle, his thick cock stretching her so fucking good, so deep inside. "Oh please…more…" He leans close over her back. His left hand slides under her and up to grab her tit, his fingers pinching and rolling her nipple hard. She shudders and groans again, clenching tight around him, causing him to grunt and swivel his hips into her. "So perfect for my cock. So tight, baby…" Pulling his hips back slowly so she can feel every thick inch of him, he slams hard back inside her, quick and deep and rough. His hand leaves her breast to wrap at her neck, steadying her, holding her to him as he grips her right hip harder. "Edward," she moans. He loves that, whispering dirty in her ear, "You fucking love my cock don't you, baby?" She mewls. His right hand smacks her ass again and she yelps and moans. "So good…so fucking good around me." Another slow pull back, then he plunges forward, deep. Over and over he does this. He fucks and loves his girl. He can see her eyes glisten with emotion as she watches him fucking her, loving her, from behind. She whispers, barely sounding the words out, "I…love…you…" And he moans, long and low, "I love you, Bella," shifting, then, "oh fuuuuck…" and he pounds now, relentless. His belt buckle clangs at his thigh. "Yes, oh God, Edward…right there! Right there, just like that!" She clenches and pulses around him, shaking, shattering and screaming her orgasm out in his name. He just keeps going, "Fuck yeah, baby…fuck yeah, cum on my cock…cum…on…my…cock," pounding into her as her muscles squeeze and milk him. Her eyes roll. He lowers to kiss her, just resting his lips against hers, breathing her. She peaks again, shaking, moaning, and his thighs tense, his abs clench. He whispers to her, "I am gonna cum, baby," as he pistons deep through her shudders, until finally he stills, convulsing, and then cumming so fucking hard inside his girl. His eyes train on her tender fresh tat as he spills his seed—himself—inside her, thinking of his promise to himself those years ago. His words… Amare Sine Timore . And now, her own… Mea Libere Amavit . My fearlessly loved. His now, forever. Owned. . . . Edward?" It's a quiet sound from smiling lips. He swallows, his heart still hammering, "Yeah?" His lips kiss the tender script at her shoulder lightly. "I'm starving… He snorts. "…and you're kind of crushing me." Bust out laugh. Flexing his hips, Edward pulls out of her slow and gentle and watches her involuntary aftershock. So beautiful. Then he smoothes a few long strands of silky-now-sweaty deep brown hair off of her fresh tat, which needs to be cleaned up again and then covered. He asks, "What do you want to eat, beautiful? Anything…you name it." She smiles small, her eyes still closed. "French fries and a chocolate fudge shake from Dirty Dog's." Crooked grin, "Is that all?" Her small smile grows as she adds, "And part of your double bacon cheeseburger, too." "Grease it is. Let's go. I always keep my promises." "Edward?" He stops, answering, "Yeah, sweetheart?" "I can't feel my legs." Smug smile, he leans back over her and rubs at her still spread thighs, kissing the tender script once more. "Don't worry, babe. I got you. I am going to take care of you." She peeks at him and replies, "I know you will." Promising back, "I am going to take care of you, too." "Bella, baby?" "Yeah?" "You already do." The End. a/n (05/13/14) - So, some of you most lucky (imho) readers have given this a go recently, and I LOVE LOVE LOVE you for it! It's my baby. It needs to be found. If you like, I would love for anyone out there to rec it to your buddies, 'cause it's my favorite and it wants to reach more readers. Thank you. Love. xxx jess