more than emotionless and cold was something that not even an Alpha would wish on an Omega. Black, spiked hair slicked with water and dirt on one side, the other sticking up, almost giving her the look of a pixie; her small stature didn't do her any favours. Her face was smooth, as with all vampires, void of imperfections. Slim yet muscled, lean but not bulky. She almost looked like she belonged in the era of the World War with the way she fought; hands were up in a boxer's stance, yet her form was all wrong, as if she were expecting some sort of knife to the back or a pistol to be shoved in her face. Her eyes were gold though, and how strange it was that I couldn't feel my Alpha's thoughts...or anyone's. I hope they're all fine, that they are simply watching silently from the brushes surrounding me. I was proven right when I saw Rebecca, another one of the pride, peek at me from across the clearing that the vampires were fighting in. But...she was giving me a pitying look, as if she knew this would happen, as if something bad had just occurred. I flushed it to the back of my mind when I saw a newborn land a backhand across the pixie's cheek, sending her sprawling to the floor in pain. Something happened though, a blur, another vampire, came shooting from the forest surrounding me, from somewhere, and smashed straight into the side of the offending newborn, ripping its head clean off in the process. So there is more than one? This would get complicated real fast. But it didn't, because just as the pixie and the blur had appeared, they vanished, the only trace of their existences being small amounts of their scent left. I memorised hers in the years to come, the scent of honey and lavender pushing me forwards, her golden eyes keeping me grounded. That is until I discovered why the pack left, why they upped without a trace. A note, written by my Alpha- previous Alpha- Carlos. 'I never decided this, you were a good egg...decided that...too painful...strong...hate you...Omega.' They were the words that I managed, amongst the rabble of other words coming to my watering eyes, to see through the haze of utter anguish. I may not have liked our Alpha, but I did like the rest of them, treating them as if they were my family, my very being within themselves. I fought Cold Ones alongside them, ripped animals to shreds with them, ate, slept and talked with them. They must have known of the utter anguish I was feeling, because I could tell Carlos hadn't officially branded me as an Omega to the rest of them just yet. The sick bastard was transmitting my feelings, thoughts, pain to each and every one of them, as if to tell them that it was explicitly his fault, as if I wasn't just made into their public enemy number one. They were family, and they would hunt me down, rip me apart? I walked, head down and purring softly to myself, as I placed one paw in front of the other. Immediately as I stopped, I looked up to see the faces of those I've come to love as family, and as that thought came to mind, I could clearly see the etched pain slathered across their looks, their very souls burning with hatred for themselves for having to do this. Carlos, now human, didn't look nearly as sorry as he said so in the paper, but that was probably his aversion to any emotions other than perversity, strong dislike for me, or hatred for anything to do with me. Rebecca almost whined like a dog when she saw me look at her with wide, light silver eyes and a broken heart; she was a good fiend, and I was on the verge of asking her to a date before all of this. I could see her bow her head sorrowfully as I thought that, and a small emotion was chipped away from my very being; love. I would never love again after this. I then turned my head to Carlos, the all around father figure. I felt familial love from him, something that I had never given or been given before, and I saw his look of utter disdain cross his face as I thought this, and he sighed, irritably while running a hand over his mouth. Something fell away form me again, and as I tried to figure out what it was, it hit me like bricks; I would never feel friendship, love, hate...I would never feel any sort of emotion again. I am truly broken now, something they used up and discarded when the time was right; a distraction, a thing to see as nothing more than an object. Never would I ever again feel anything for anyone, anything. Carlos knew, for he smirked evilly, but with a regrettable sigh behind his voice as he issued the command every Omega eventually hears. "Pride, Isabella Swan is now an Omega and she is now no longer one of us!" the pack howled, growled and hissed at me, but I simply stood, eyes unblinking. "Drive her off, and if necessary, kill her!" I felt things back then, things that no one should feel before they get ripped away form your very being, your very soul. They get held out in front of you just to get ripped apart in front of your very eyes. I felt empty as I did it, and I felt no remorse. I did what I was best at, what I was good at. I ran. (^^^^^^) Chapter one is over, finally; well, it wasn't that long, but these chapters get longer and longer. Let me know if you want the story to stay in first person, or change to third; third is easier for me, but hey, the choice is there, right?