the sister I remembered. Dylan coughed and spoke up again. "Isabella, Lucia did it with your best interests at heart. She found it within herself to remember you. That's a great feat for a new born. As well as the fact that, the destruction two newborn vampires would cause could be catastrophe for our race. So for your own safety and that of your sisters, she decided to leave you here with me. But she did say that she loves you and, as I said, will meet you in New York City in two years. She did leave something for you, something that she managed to hold on to... while in the mess that you were in. I promised I would give it to you, so here it is." Dylan reached into his pocket and pulled out a thin gold chain, so fragile looking that I wouldn't dare touch it if I were still human, with my big clumsy hands. A gold locket was attached to it. I recognized it instantly. It was our mother's. She gave it to my sister when she was of age and looking to be married off to a gentleman my parents approved of. Inside the gold circle, there was a photograph of myself, my mother and my Lucia. Sadly, my father wasn't in it, as he had took the photograph. Stretching out my hand, I grasped the chain with the locket attached to it. Sadness crept slyly into my un-beating heart. I opened the locket, looking at the photo and couldn't help but smile to myself. One of the last time's I saw my mother before it happened, before they attacked. I closed the locket and put the chain over my neck. I felt an odd sensation when the cold gold locket hit my chest, molding into my skin. So that voice, when I was burning, was Lucia's? But she had sounded so different. Then a thought warmed my heart. My sister left to protect me, she had been able to find her humanity because of me. Well at least I knew where and when I would see her again. Looking down at my hands, I noticed how pale they were, it was terrifying. I looked back up at Dylan, who looked at me and walked towards the door, motioning for me to follow him. We went down the hall and into another room. God, this house was so confusing. Far too many hallways! As we entered the other room, it was just as empty, if not more. Only a single table stood in the middle of the room. On it was a bottle of red wine, the label on it read, 'Smiths'. "Wine?" I asked, confused. Dylan looked at me, picking up the bottle and sighed sadly. "Yes, wine. It's just a pity I can't drink it anymore. It was the last thing I drank as a human." He then put the bottle back down on the table without it making a single thud. I found this confusing. What did he mean by, I can't drink it anymore? Dylan looked me in the eyes. "Our bodies are dead, Isabella. If I were to drink this, it would remain in my body for months. Also, if I was to eat something, it would taste like ash and could never be digested. The food would be in our system for three weeks and in that time you would feel it inside of you. The venom in our system is what would break it down," he paused, cringing. "Eventually." I was too busy thinking in my head that I almost didn't notice Dylan looking at me funny. "What is it?" I was ashamed to say I loved my voice. It was so beautiful. Smiling, he said, "You're a very unusual newborn Isabella. Your control particularly intrigues me. I listened to you battle with yourself earlier in the room. You were quiet for about five minutes before you fed. That's a long time, especially in newborn terms, any vampire will tell you this." Dylan sighed again and ran a hand through his hair. "Isabella you have six days here before you must move out." I stared at him, slightly hurt. "Why?" "Because of the Volturi. They're coming to visit me. They'll be here Tuesday and I need you out on the Sunday, because I need to get yours and your sisters' scent out of the house before they come." Who are the Volturi? They didn't sound like very nice people if they didn't want other people to be here when they came to visit. I realised then that other scent that had been floating about: vanilla and raspberries must of been my sisters. As if knowing what I was thinking, he answered the question in my head. "The Volturi are the first vampires and they have one law Isabella, and that law is never tell a human about us, about our kind, our world. If they found out about you, they would kill you. The Volturi aren't that fond of newborns either." My mind was all over the place at this point. The first vampires? So in a way, the original vampires. I just nodded my head to show that I was listening as he continued. "I am sorry that I can't be of more help to you, Isabella." With that, he turned towards the door and began walking to it. "Where are you going?" Dylan stopped and turned his whole body towards me. "I'm leaving now, I have something to do and unfortunately I won't be back until Sunday night, so I'm afraid I won't see you again. Good luck and remember, feed regularly to keep the burn away from your throat. There should be enough for you in the cellar to last you six days. Goodbye, sweet Isabella." Before I even had a chance to say goodbye or ask where he was going, he was gone, leaving me all alone. Disclaimer: I don't own twilight