herself down May grinned. "Being as the hardware store is also the auto shop I think I can fix you right up. I'm May by the way." "Bella." Blinking rapidly the older female really took in the teen in front of her. No wonder Jake was so hung up on Bella. The way she carried herself would make any self-respecting guy want to be there for her. Like she needed someone to protect her from the world and every little thing in it. Maybe that was why May had only had one serious boyfriend, she didn't act like she was afraid of her own shadow. "I um I haven't seen you around here before, are you new?" Ducking in her car to get her purse the ravenette nodded. "Yea, I moved into the empty house in La Push. I'm actually getting stuff, well pricing stuff to build a swing. Trucks really do come in handy." Shuffling her feet awkwardly the teen nodded. She really didn't understand but then Bella had probably never built anything in her life. Catching the sickly sweet scent of something on the wind May slowed before shrugging and following the taller girl into the store. "You don't happen to know how many quarts your truck takes do you?" "Quarts?" The emerald eyed female shifted her feet sighing, a bit annoyed that Bella knew nothing about the vehicle she drove. But then again, if she had a mechanic type friend that looked like Jacob she'd probably use every excuse in the book to get him to take a look at her car. All that smooth russet skin to ogle… No bad May Jake was still a minor. But he did have the cutest little dimple on his chin. Waving her hand dismissively the ravenette continued down the maze of shelves. "That's okay, I'm sure we can figure it out." By we May really meant herself because Bella didn't look like she needed to be anywhere near an engine anytime soon. Stopping in front of the different kinds of oil the tiny female clicked her tongue picking a pint up and looking over the container. "So is it always this cloudy here or did I come at the wrong time of the year?" Blinking the teen smoothed her curls into place. "No it's normally always like this. It's actually weird that it hasn't rained in the last two days, this is the wettest place in America." Snorting May forced herself not to make a stupid joke about prostitutes and the wettest- Never mind. She easily got side tracked when there was nothing serious going on. And she didn't classify buying oil as anything remotely serious. Pushing the containers of oil into Bella's hand she smiled. "That should do it and if it is too much just save the rest for when you get low again." Looking down at her arms then back at May the brown eyed girl gave a small smile. "Thank you." Frowning when the small girl started back towards the front Bella jogged to catch up. "Weren't you going to price stuff while you're here?" Raising an eyebrow the ravenette snorted. "And leave you alone to mess with your truck? Bells you didn't even know to check the oil, there's no way you know how to safely put oil into an engine." Blushing the teenager looked down not really paying attention to where they were walking at all. And as it happened the store was running a special on indoor paint so a mountain of heavy paint cans were stacked right by the front desk, shoe snagging on a bottom container the brunette yelped as she tripped and brought the whole pile down on what would've been her if May hadn't panicked and pushed her out of the way taking her place and being buried alive. Bella's screeching brought nearly everyone in the store and by the time they had May uncovered and semi-conscious again the ambulance was already pulling into the parking lot. Hissing May groaned bringing her hand to her head frowning when it came back wet and covered in red. Trying to stand the ravenette growled when the EMTs tried to force her back down. "Miss please stay still we don't know everything that might have happened to you." Narrowing her hazy orbs she bared her fangs in a silent snarl when they lifted her onto the little bed thingy with wheels, she couldn't for the life of her remember what that was called. Somewhere in the back ground she realized Bella was in the ambulance with her but it was fading in and out. She couldn't have been gone for more than 5 minutes when she was jolted out of her doze by the men jostling her as they moved her into the hospital. It was amazing what sleep could do for a demon, she felt fine… Maybe not fine the world tilted when they moved her to a bed. A hand gripped hers and she yipped. "It' okay May, I'm sure you'll be fine." The poor girl sounded like she was trying to convince herself more than her. Grumbling the ravenette flexed her fingers on her free hand cutting holes into lumpy mattress with her claws. The door opened quickly as a golden haired, golden eyed doctor rushed in. "Bella are you okay? I caught your scent while I- May? What are you doing here?" Letting her eyes wonder over the pale, flawless face of the vampire in front of her the ravenette tossed up a weak wave. "Hey, Carlisle." Well that explained the overly sweet scent that clung to Bella like a second skin. Okay so obviously i'm doing this because i enjoy writing. I don't make any money from this. S. Meyer owns all characters except the OC's. They are mine. I figured i'd try my hand at Twilight. Tell me if someone isn't in character or something and i'll try to fix it. Read and review please!