superb. I could gather, sow, fish and herd; I could cook and preserve food, sheer and milk the sheep. Few of my blood had died in childbirth, and I had good hips and a strong back even if my shoulders were narrow. And though I had no skills to brag about and no special aptitudes at tool-making, I was still of healthy blood. I knew how to keep my family alive, but little more, but I had always hoped that it would be enough. To Þunor it had always been enough. Now I wasn't sure if it even mattered anymore. "How are you feeling?" my savior asked me. I licked my lips. "I feel… light. Like I don't weight much." He smiled at me and nodded, and I stared in amazement as he pushed away the hides from the tent opening and sunlight streamed into the darkness around us. The rays of light hit him as though he was a precious stone, and light danced around the room as if he had stolen the light of the sun and now radiated it himself. It was amazing. It was beautiful. It was not human. I didn't realize that I had gotten on my feet until he took my hand in his – yet it didn't feel cold anymore, and I wondered if I had imagined it before. He led me out the tent opening and I ducked under the low edge and then we were out in the open. I breathed in deeply and looked around in absolute amazement. We were high up with a view of the ocean and cliffs that reminded me strongly of home, as though I could run and be home before the sun had traveled more than a hand length across the sky. The scent of sea hit me and I smiled and tilted my head back as the sun hit me. It felt unbelievably good and I wanted nothing more than to remain in the sun forever. I smiled. "We sparkle", I told my savior with a laugh. "Like stars! I am a star in the sun!" He smiled, and if he thought me stupid for stating something so obvious while he stood there next to me, sparkling even brighter than I, he didn't show it. "I am Charle", he said once I had taken to studying my own glittering hand in fascination. It looked like I had covered myself in miniscule, white precious stones of the kind my mother adored so. "Sabelä", I answered and automatically dipped my head and grabbed his forearm in a shake. Again he looked shocked that I had touched him, and I chided myself. But how would I know what to do or how to act? I rarely met anyone outside Þunor or my own family, because we lived quite far away from the rest of our tribe, always at the outer edge even when it was time to leave for our summer home. "They call me Child of Swans." He smile wider at me and I felt like I was betraying my father, because I liked Charle's smile more than even his. Charle felt like a childless father. "I scent a good story there", he said with a chuckle. "And maybe I can tell you of my own names, but first there are things we need to cover. Does your throat hurt?" I blinked. "It… it burns", I whispered, moving a hand to my throat. I hadn't even noticed the pain, but now it seemed as if I had the sun down my throat. Charle nodded, as if he had expected it, and I felt stupid because of course he must have expected it if he had asked me about it. "You need to feed", he said. "Come." He turned east and then we were running. We were running so fast that the air sounded like thunder in my ears and the wind hit my eyes so hard that I should have been crying. I had only once experienced such speed that I could not keep my eyes wide open, and that had been when I had jumped off a tall ocean cliff once with my brothers. Instinctively, I knew I was moving many times faster than that now. Yet there was no discomfort – none at all. In fact, I felt a laugh bubble forth from my throat, but not my own. The laugh that left me was softer and smoother than my normal barking and it was sweeter than the wheezing laugh that escaped me when I lost control; it was a pretty laugh. I didn't quite know what happened next until afterwards. It wasn't like when I hunted rabbits in the past, or when I fished with only my hands in the river; there was no endless, silent waiting for my pray to come to me, there was no moment of holding my breath as I waited for the exact right moment to pounce. There was just a scent and a flash and then blood. It was sweet, sweet life that flowed down my throat like the drink of gods, and I drank like a man who had seen no water for two days. There was flesh and blood everywhere and I think the gray matter in my hands was a brain but at the time I didn't care. Afterwards I screamed and cried and hit Charle over and over while he held me to his chest. There was no rabbit or fish or even deer or sheep. I had killed all those things and more in my long eighteen years, but this was no animal corpse that lay on the ground before us. Blood covered my entire front and I wanted to puke and yet also lick up the wasted red liquid, and my hands were smeared with gray brain matter. That was the mutilated corpse of a man. That was the crushed, ripped and bloodless corpse of Þunor. Thank you for reading Review?