time but he removed his hands with super speed and I flinched back. I looked up at him and he narrowed his eyes at me with a frown on his face. I almost winced but moved my hand forward for a handshake. He stared at my hand and then looked up and slowly shook my hand. If I had any doubt before its gone now. They were ice cold. "Dr. Cullen," Shit! I was really in Forks; I was really in a BOOK. Well, kill me. "Violet," he called my name back trying to get my attention. I did something that I hadn't done since my parents died. I started crying. God, what was I going to do now? Tears were falling down from my eyes. I was cursing the time when I thought how it would feel to be in the book. Shit! Its right when people say one should think before what you wish. Damn, I didn't even wish this. "Violet," came a thick male voice and I looked into the brown panicking eyes of Chief Swan. Charlie Swan. "Is there any problem? We could contact you parents..." he told me cautiously as if I would explode, but I sobbed harder. "They died when I was nine," I squeaked out in between sobbing and looked away when I saw pity in his eyes. I brushed away the tears and sneezed. Crying always made me sneeze. "Okay, where do you live?" he questioned but I remained silent. What to say? "I don't know," It was the truth, I wasn't sure that the orphanage existed in this world. If I told them the truth, they would send me straight to mental asylum. Firstly, I needed to calm myself and analyze the situation. What to tell and what not to? "You don't remember." Dr Cullen questioned and I shook my head. If I was better in something then it's at lying. I was a great liar, I had to be. I knew how to make myself look emotionless. I could easily persuade and made them believe a lie. Looking at Dr. Cullen gazing at me trying to see whether I was lying or not, I tried my best not to slip. I stared back without any fear. Please don't realize that I am lying. "This is serious, we need to know about you, and from our database it looks like you don't exist. Tell me how much you remember?" he questioned in professional voice, and I thought before I spoke this time. I have idiotically told my name, so it' no good to change it and also about my parents. So I told them that I am almost fourteen, and I didn't remember much, it was all hazy. He took my blood sample to check for someone matching my DNA. I waited and patiently complied with every test he wanted to perform. I was more concerned about the result of what CT scan would be. There was no glitch in my brain which he would realize soon. Now, what to do? Where to go? I hated hospitals; they were my least favorite place. I hadn't spent even an hour in hospital after my parent's death, and here I was trying not just to find a solution of this big problem but also trying my hard not to throw up. I felt nauseous and watching the white dull walls of the hospital was giving me headache. "Violet, are you okay?" Dr Cullen questioned looking at me. "I don't like hospitals." I could feel panic filling me as the pain in my head increased. It's all coming back to me, my parents' death, and their dead bodies. I folded my legs and put my head on my knee, starting the counting from zero which usually helped but right now it didn't. I wanted to leave but I had nowhere to go. My mind was telling me that I should be somewhere closer to Bella Swan. But it was just impossible. Charlie Swan had just picked up his daughter from the airport who was coming to live with him after so many years. He wouldn't take the responsibility of another one. Hell I wouldn't do that. Due to this reason his next words shocked me, a lot. "She could live with us," Charlie Swan turned to his daughter, who glanced at me and then her father and nodded. Who the hell were these people? You didn't just let a stranger live in your house, it was idiotic. But whether it was bad or not, it made me relax. I sighed with relief. I knew her. It's better to be around her. "Alright then, my name is Charlie Swan and this is my daughter Bella. You can live with us till we contact someone who knows you," he told me and I nodded eagerly and stood up. I wobbled a little but controlled myself. "Bella Swan." The girl smiled at me. I knew she was not happy to be here, and now I was adding more baggage on her. "Violet Woods." I shook hands with her and tried my hard to smile at her which I knew came out as grimace but if she saw, she didn't show it. "C'mon." she moved around the bed and picked up my backpack. The backpack — which had the books. No way. "This is your bag right, we found it there," she questioned and my eyes widened. I nodded calmly while my insides were screaming. I didn't want to draw attention to the bag; if I did she would be curious about it. We moved out of the hospital. I sat on the back seat. It took only twenty minutes to drive home , and I looked at the house which I would stay for I don't know how long. This was my new home. Let me know what you think, your reviews mean a lot to me, I would really appreciate them. :) See ya ! xx