"I didn't call you," was a common phrase in our house. The house was rather large and so you could be in one part of it away from others and feel very much alone. There were mirrors in the bathrooms, by the front door and on my sister's vanity. Often when I felt like I was alone in part of the house, I'd feel like I wasn't actually alone. I'd often look at the mirror sure I'd be able to see something there, but I never did. The most I ever saw was just a quick snap of something out of the corner of my eye. I always dismissed it, sure I was just tricking myself. The thing upstairs didn't feel like it wanted to kill me, but it still creeped me out by the constant watching and calling of names. I was sure I was crazy. I thought if the house was really haunted, then my siblings would've said something. They would have complained or brought it to someone's attention. I was born and raised in that house, living there until I was 21. I was sure someone would've said something! My parents were retired and went on a vacation that would last several months. It was my job to hold down the haunted fort. I had a few of my friends move in, not wanting to be alone. All my older siblings had married and moved out. I didn't tell my friends about my fear of the basement or how I'd often heard someone call my name or feel like someone was following me around watching me. As I said before, I lived in that house 21 years and no one else in my family said anything about the basement or the thing wandering upstairs. I hid my anxiety and thought I was crazy. I wrote it off as paranoia and actually looked into mental issue that would explain my particular brand of crazy. It was odd that I wasn't plagued by these issues when I was away from the house though. With my parents gone, things seemed to get worse. Dishes that were set to dry on the counter were shoved off onto the floor, but no one was in the room at the time, we just heard it and came rushing in to see what happened. It was brushed off as bad stacking, even though I knew they weren't and it made no sense for the dishes to be flung so far from the counter. I suspected I was being irrational and making something out of nothing. The floor boards creaked a lot more. I could no longer dismiss it as the house settling. (That was the excuse I had been given frequently when it'd sound like someone walking down the hallway) my friends were starting to suspect that my house was haunted, but like my siblings, they didn't comment, most likely because they didn't want to look crazy. A guy friend had watched me run out of the basement and thought my fear was silly. He went down there, flipped the lights out and then walked back up the stairs perfectly fine. My fear had been proven irrational. I was crazy. What I didn't know then, was whatever was down there didn't go after men. I watched Tremors with him one night and did do the hopping, leaping, run, trying not to touch the floor boards for too long. When I went to the bathroom, I did keep my feet up and jump back onto the couch not touching the ground. The movie was coming to an end when we heard a deep growling from under the house along with claws scraping the underside of the floor. He dismissed it as cats fighting in the crawl space, but there would be no reason for cats to drag their claws along the floor boards over their heads. They also sounded like a much larger animal's claws; the growling was loud, low and deep. It didn't sound anything like a cat, maybe a large dog hopped up on steroids, but not a freaking cat. I did receive a piggy back ride to my bedroom that was over the basement and the sound did follow us. After a good thumping on the floor from my friend, it stopped. I had no clue what it was, but it stopped when he stomped and shouted for it to go away. He once again proved that I was crazy and it was most likely some animal that he scared off. (I had heard this clawing and growling on a few other occasions as well. It was only my friend that was able to make it stop.) Supposedly there was nothing under the floor or in the basement and there wasn't a creepy enough feeling in my house for people to comment on it, so I felt like I was the only one who felt that way. I was the one that had the issues and was most likely not sane. That was until the two girls staying with me went into the basement to get some holiday decorations. They hadn't been down there long when they came up screaming, tripping and crying. Knees were scraped, shoes were lost and throats were clasped as if they were fighting to catch their breath from being choked. I looked at the tangled sobbing mess of crying girls on the floor and fist pumped shouting "YES, I'm not crazy!" They then gave me dirty looks for cheering about their drama and cussed me for not warning them about the monster in the basement. I later asked my sisters if they had any experiences, but they refused to talk about it while at the house. You could feel it listening. Once away from the house, they confessed to having several similar experiences. We finally got the nerve up to talk to our parents about it and had the house blessed. I'm still afraid of the dark