make sense to you now and maybe it never will but at the time it made perfect sense to me and it was all I could think to do to make your life easier. Do I regret what I did? Absu-freaking-lutly. My reasons for leaving were important then. I believed I was leaving to make the life of the man I loved easier, even if it made mine harder." "What you did to me," I growled out, my body shaking in fury, "you don't do to someone you love." I bit out cuttingly. "What do you want me to say, that I didn't love you and that's why I left? 'Cause it's not true. I do love you but fear took control and I acted without thinking. Do you want me to say I was wrong and I made the worst decision of my life? Yes, I was and it was a horrible decision on my part. I made the biggest mistake of my life and I have regretted it every second for more than six months. But don't for one fucking second believe or imply that I don't love you with everything that I am." I could hear the hurt in her voice but I refused to acknowledge it. I wasn't going to give in to her any time soon. She had a lot of shit to make up for before I did. "Look Jake, I'll give you every reason and every fear that made me leave but I won't right now. We are both too emotional right now and I need…" Did she seriously just say what she fucking needed? Before she could continue I cut in. "You need? I don't give a shit right now about what you need; I want to know where my daughters are." I yelled at her, my daughters were my only priority at the moment. If she was here, where the hell were they? I didn't want them unprotected from the red headed any longer. "There with Charlie and Billy at my house. I need to get back to feed and bathe them. I told our dads I wouldn't be that long and it's been longer than I intended. I know we have a lot to talk about but I told them I'd make them dinner. How would you like to come over for to meet your daughters and have some dinner?" She said softly and calmly, her tone so very different from the defensive anger of before. There was so much in what she just said that threw me. First off she had gone to Charlie first. Why he had let her out of his sight, I now understood. He was watching his granddaughters. That still blew me away. My girls. I am a father. Not only that, but my father knew, he got to meet them, hold them. Now Bella was inviting me over to meet them. I didn't know what to say to her. I had gone through too many emotions too quickly and had no time to process what had happened. I felt as drained as I did the day that I came back. As I was thinking of what to say to her, I noticed she started walking to her car. I was just about to run after her and stop her from leaving when she turned back to me from the door of her car still looking down. "Jake, dinner will be done in about an hour and the girls won't go to bed for another two. If you want to come great. If you still need time I understand, but you're welcome to see them anytime." She climbed into her car and drove away from me. Once she was out of sight I turned and walked into the woods. I could have gone into the house but they were going to ask questions I didn't have answers for or make comments that would cause me to want to beat their stupid asses. I needed to process all that I had learned in the last hour or so. I felt like I was shell shocked. Like all the sounds around me were muted and distorted by the words she had spoken as they reverberated around my skull. My body was at war under the vacillating emotions raging through me. I had no choice but become wolf. It was the only way to make sense out of the cluster fuck that had now become my life. I striped and tied my shorts to my ankle and phased. I ran the forest as I tried to make sense of everything I was told. It was easier as the wolf. My wolf didn't feel the betrayal or rage at her departure. I could see the basic facts of everything she said. She was afraid when she found out she was pregnant and in a vain attempt at trying to make my life easier she left and stayed away until Victoria found her yesterday. While away she gave birth to my daughters. I was going to go over to Charlie's and meet them, hold them. She was going to give me answers to all my questions. I ignored my wolf as he howled in happiness every time the image of Bella's new body was brought forth. As much as I agreed with him about Bella's new post baby body, I had more to deal with than how amazing her breasts were. He was overjoyed that our mate was back and even happier that we now had offspring. He was content with everything while I was still upset about her absence. I knew she had a lot to explain to me but I was excited and nervous to meet my daughters and so I began heading towards Forks. As I phased back and put my shorts on a new and unfamiliar feeling began bubbling up in my chest as I walked towards the house that held my Bells and my girls.