just picking it up!" He leapt up and then shifted from one foot to the other. "Looks expensive," I commented as I ushered him in. "We should probably ask around to see whose it is." I pulled a chair out for him and asked him to sit. "Maybe we should call the police?" His eyes widened comically. "No!" I gave him a pointed look. "Are you proposing?" I asked again, a small smile playing across my lips. "Would you say yes if I were?" he asked, hopeful. "No." "Then no, I wasn't proposing," he whined. I giggled as I kissed him on the cheek. "Maybe in a few years." He nodded, dejectedly. .oO00Oo. Denis called. He is getting married. I don't know what to think. He asked me to speak at the reception. Edward is buying tickets. I don't want to go, but I think I need this. I want to say yes to him. I love him. .oO00Oo. "Eat something," he insisted as I played with my food. We were inside the airport, waiting for our flight to start boarding. I was nervous beyond consolation. How would I face Denis, my best friend whom I practically left at the altar? "We should go back home," I told him. The food was going nowhere. I'd probably vomit it out if I crammed it in. "I don't think they'll let us out." "We can tell them there's a family emergency," I rationalized. He paid me no mind. "Bell, sing with me," he said suddenly, " I'm an Albatraoz... " Fuck this. Fuck that. Fuck everything. People stared as we sang. I'd be surprised if they didn't enjoy the off-tune singing. "Hey, Edward?" We were about to board, and he tipped his head toward me. I didn't know what to say, so I asked him the first thing that came to my mind. "Do you still have that ring?" He tried not to look interested. He nodded. "Give it to me," I told him as nonchalantly as I could manage. "Gladly." He smirked, shoving his hand into his pocket. He produced the ring in no time and slid it onto my finger. We boarded the flight as a newly engaged couple. It was our little secret. .oO00Oo. Denis embraced me and introduced me to the " love of his life. " He and Edward sized each other up. They became friends within an hour of meeting. .oO00Oo. For some reason, Denis' bride loved me. She hugged me. She was perfect. The wedding was beautiful. Edward held my hand throughout the ceremony. I lost the slip of paper I'd shoved into my purse half an hour before I was going to make the toast. "I've forgotten what I was going to say." I chuckled nervously. "So I'm going to make shit up as I go." I breathed in deeply. "This could have been our wedding if I hadn't been such a wreck all those years ago. You are getting married, and it's not to me. When you first told me that you met her, I was crushed. I hoped she wasn't pretty, but god, she is beautiful. I felt insignificant and unworthy and guilty that I had crushed your heart when you laid it in front of my feet." I let out a humorless chuckle. "I've missed you, Denis. I wanted to be there when you fell in love with her, stay awake at night and hear you fussing about her little quirks. I'm sorry I made you think you couldn't talk to me. "He was mine once, but now, he is yours. You make him happy. You light up his world, and he hangs on to each and every word you say. You are the most beautiful woman in the world to him. Remember that. "Remember that you know him better than anyone else. Remember that when he thinks you're going to make the same mistakes I made, or when he drives you insane and you want to leave. Trust yourself to know why he is doing it. Hold his face in your hands and tell him..." I took a moment to clear my throat. "Tell him that you love him and you will never leave him. Remind him that you are not me, and you will not make the same mistakes I made. You will let him hold you until he knows you could never leave him. Work through it, find yourselves, and remember that your love is invaluable. You found each other after breaking over yourselves and gathering the pieces that were left of you. "I sound like I love him. I really don't." I shot him a wry smile. "We have both moved on. He is with you, his beautiful wife, and I am with my asshole of a boyfriend—" "Fiancé," Edward interjected, impatiently. "Sorry, fiancé." I planted a kiss on his cheek. "And I love him. I want to see a day when you tell your children about the crazy lady who refused to marry you, and how she was the reason why you met her . Tell them their mother is whom you love most and not to fear love. God knows I did, and it took me long enough to understand. And someday, I'll tell my spawns about the crazy lady their dad married and how she danced over the broken hearts of her ex-lovers." Edward whispered an 'I love you' in my ear. I smiled. "I planned on saying five sentences." The crowd laughed. "I do have a bad habit of being over-dramatic." I shrugged. "To the bride and groom, and to the many fights they shall overcome in the near future." I raised my glass. Denis smiled. His bride cried. Edward grabbed my hand as if he would never let it go. .oO00Oo. Years later I told our kids about the crazy lady their dad married, and how she danced over the corpses of her lovers. I also told them that she was dead.