list of things she needed to his phone, so we grabbed a basket, shooting a wave to the man behind the counter as the bell over the door chimed. Bart – which was short for something long and complicated – was a tall, thick man with an even thicker accent and impressive beard. Usually he was one to joke around, but his mind was focused on a girl's face. I couldn't read his mind, because he thought in Armenian, but I could see his distrust of her when he'd pace back and forth behind that counter in order to see which aisle she was on. Jasper chattered away about his classes at NYU, which focused on history, but I stayed quiet. When I finally saw the girl who was making Bart so anxious, my eyebrows shot up. She was a petite thing, with dark hair pulled back into a long ponytail and even darker eyes. Her clothes had seen better days, and on her shoulder was a backpack that seemed to be filled to bursting. Her sneakers were just about worn out, and in her hands were a few cans of soup, a loaf of bread, and a jar of peanut butter. Her mind, though, was jumbled, everywhere and nowhere all at one time. It was hard to read her, except for the two thoughts that were prevalent – escape and hunger. The one thing that outshone all of that was the fact that she was undeniably beautiful. It was natural and easy. It wasn't wrapped up in makeup or hair products. It was smooth skin and wide, scared, life-hardened eyes, and lips that were pink and full…when she wasn't chewing on the bottom one. And if I'd had to guess, I'd say she was somewhere around Alice's age, maybe a little older. The one thought that made me freeze was the Volterra Industries emblem that swirled to the forefront of her mind. It was a red V and I, and to her, it screamed danger. In fact, she looked at my shirt for it before focusing back on her armload. Bart muttered under his breath, but I caught the girl's eye. "He'll beat you to the door," I warned her softly as Jasper took the next aisle. "Don't do it. He'll press charges, no shame. No matter how pretty you are." She gasped, glancing down at what was in her hands and then toward the front counter. There was a brief moment of sheer, utter defeat on that pretty face. She looked my way again, her cheeks blooming into either anger or embarrassment – I wasn't sure which. Just when I thought she'd put some of her stuff down, she was running. "Hey!" Bart yelled when the bell rang so hard it sounded like it would fall off the door. "Ah, hell… Jasper, stay here!" I was fast, though Jasper could beat me any day, but Bart did beat me to and out the door. I turned the corner, shaking my head that this girl had picked a dead-end alleyway. She was as good as arrested, which for some unknown reason, I just couldn't let happen. Bart was still yelling from the sidewalk, but I ran down the alley, where she'd darted behind some dumpsters. Just as I caught sight of a brunette ponytail and an overstuffed backpack, she stepped toward a brick wall. Her hands were still full of the things she'd stolen, but as she walked toward the brick wall, a window-like square appeared, revealing something familiar through it, but she darted into it and the window evaporated. "Oh, shit," I whispered to myself through a laugh. "Pretty girl's a sixxer." That thought, though, made the humor fade away instantly. She was a talented thing, and there was no telling where she'd gone, except that I was pretty sure it was another alley just like the one where I was standing. But she looked damned lost, if not homeless. The thought of her sleeping on the streets, someone that young and pretty and small, made me shake my head. In reality, her talent could take her anywhere. Hell, she could teleport into the Plaza Hotel for a night. I snorted to myself and turned back around. I walked up to Bart, holding up a twenty. "Here, this should cover what she took." "She has to be down there, kid!" he snapped at me, taking the money roughly. "There's no way out." "Not down there, Bart. She must've taken another way." I forced that opinion into his head, and his eyes dulled for a split second before he finally nodded. "C'mon, ring us up. Esme will be upset if we're late for dinner." That made him smile. The big guy had a bit of a crush on my mother. "You tell her I took care of you." "Will do, Bart." He rang us up, and I could feel Jasper's gaze on me, but his thoughts were question after question. He said nothing until we toted our bags out onto the sidewalk to make our way to the large apartment building where we lived. I needed to see Carlisle. I needed to know if he could find this teleporting girl. "What the hell happened?" Jasper asked as we stepped into the elevator of the building. "She stole food." "And?" "She disappeared down that alleyway." "It's a dead-fucking-end, Ed!" Grinning, I glanced over at him. "She's a sixxer…a teleporter. Poof! Gone." He laughed once. "No shit?" "Yeah," I sighed, but my face had to have shown something, because his brow furrowed again. "She's running from Volterra." "Aw, hell." "Exactly. We need to talk to Carlisle." ~oOo~ A/N #2: So there you have it! Next chapter, you'll get more info on Bella. That one will post next Sunday. If you're on Facebook, we'll probably post pic teases mid-week. We hope you enjoyed the start of this one. If you did, leave us a review and let us know! Mwah! ~ Deb