in?" I asked, hesitantly. She nodded and opened the door wider inviting me in silently. I looked around the small home. Well used furniture, and threadbare carpet, but clean. Not a speck of dirt or dust anywhere. Obviously Bella had tried to make the place more like a home with pretty curtains, throw pillows and area rugs in bright, cheerful colors. I took in the room, then looked at her. "What happened?" Indicating the bruises. She huffed at me, but wouldn't look me in the eye. "Just clumsy." "Not from the bike, I hope?" I asked. "No." She blushed. Damn that was cute. "Jacob took my keys away and hid them somewhere. I haven't ridden my bike since that day I came to the station." She was muttering unhappily. "Does he hit you?" Man this is so not what I came here to talk to her about. But I was suspicious of the bruises. She didn't answer my question, instead asking one of her own. "Why are you here?" She was looking up at me through her eyelashes, not staring directly, but I could feel the weight of her eyes on me. By the way she asked, and the way her body was bowing, her arms wrapping around her body, as if to hold herself together, she already knew the answer. "Bella...I don't know how to say this and make it right." I ran my hands through my hair. The smell of smoke wafted around me and I grimaced. She was nodding her head. I couldn't believe how stoic she was...so accepting. "Did he suffer?" She asked softly. "Or was it quick?" "I think quick. I don't think he suffered. The roof collapsed in on him as he entered a building." I couldn't look her in the eye anymore. Couldn't look at her. I had failed to keep her husband safe...alive. I didn't want to see her tears. Another big sigh from her. "Not the first person that I have lost in the line of duty." She said softly. "What do you mean?" I asked, confused. "My dad. He was Chief of Police...Charlie Swan. Murdered in the line of duty. Over two years ago." Her voice was barely a whisper now, her voice strained. I watched as she ran her hands up and down her arms, like she was cold. She shivered, curling into herself and her thoughts and memories. She pulled her legs up, to curl herself into a small, tight ball, but as she did her robe fell away from her leg, revealing a huge bruise on the back of her thigh. It looked like a footprint. I gasped, and she looked at me and saw where my eyes were. She shrugged again and pulled her robe back over her exposed leg. "Did Jake do that to you?" I was shocked, and angry. More like furious. What gave him the right to hurt her like that? Again she didn't answer my question, staring off into the distance. She was off in her own little world. Hopefully she was safe there, and there was no pain there. Out of the blue her voice broke the silence. "I found out today that I'm pregnant. Jacob thinks I'm cheating on him. He came home drunk, about a month ago, and I couldn't avoid him, and he didn't wear a condom." Another shrug and then shudder wracked her body. "He was so drunk, he doesn't remember doing it. We...well, we don't have sex very often, so he thought it's been a lot longer than it was, so he assumed that I was cheating on him. He said he couldn't afford to feed another mouth and couldn't afford an abortion, besides he wasn't going to take care of someone else's bastard..." Her voice drifted off there, but I realized what she was saying. He tried beating her, to cause a miscarriage. The sick fuck. "How bad is it?" I asked, looking at her. I stood up and pulled her to her feet. My hands slowly tugging on the sash, holding her robe closed. She didn't flinch, or try to cover herself. She just stood there, looking up at me. Refusing to look down at her body. Under her robe she didn't have much on. A pair of mens plaid boxers, rolled down to fit her tiny body, and a thin white wife beater type shirt. It was pretty sheer, and I could see through it. I could see everything, but I focused on the bruises, not on her tight, dark little nipples. Again, I was horrified. She had more huge bruises across her stomach, breasts, shoulder and back. "Did you miscarry?" I could barely choke out the words. I was outraged. "Are you bleeding?" How could she stand there, so calm? She shook her head. "I have an appointment with my doctor next week..." Again trailing off, not finishing her sentence, her thought. She shivered, and pulled the robe back over her shoulders and tied the sash. "Do you want to go to the E.R.?" I asked. I know its late, and I woke her up, and she just found out her husband was dead, but her responses were a little too...unemotional. I wondered if she was in shock. Maybe I should take her to the E.R. even if she doesn't want to go. She shook her head no. "I'll just wait and see what happens." She sighed "Will you keep it?" I looked at her to see how she would respond. "I don't know...I...I'm not sure that I'm ready, or that I can do this on my own. I'm only 21 years old...and I don't have a job or any money." She sat back down, and pulled her legs up to her body, resting her chin on her knees. "I just don't know right now." She whispered dejected. I nodded. Not my decision. But as I looked at her, I realized...pregnant or not...bruised, battered, beaten and down-trodden...very recently widowed...I still wanted her.