about you but I think it might be a better idea if we get Alice sorted out with what to wear first before she falls over pissed." I chuckled at the fact that Rose had followed the same train of thought process that was going through my mind and I nodded in agreement, all of a sudden we heard a small crash and Alice cursing loudly, my chuckle turned into a full on belly laugh as I looked around and saw just a pile of gowns on the floor with Alice's tiny feet sticking out from underneath it. Still laughing Rose and I went to help Alice back to her feet. "Come on Ali cat, let's get you stood up and trying these gowns while you can still stand." Alice staggered to her feet and tried and failed to glare at Rose who was still giggling away to herself. "Isabella Marie Swan are you trying to say that I'm drunk?" "Alice, there is no trying to say it at all it's as obvious as the nose on Edwards face." Alice went to open her mouth to deny that she was more than drunk but a hiccup interrupted her which once again set me off laughing as it really did prove my point. "Oh shut up." She muttered to herself causing the grin on Roses face stretch so that it was now ear to ear. "Let me show you bitches how not to dress." Rose and I took one of Alice's hands in ours and led her to the rail where Tori was flitting around like a butterfly hanging up the gowns that Alice had dropped and gathering together the matching shoes, masques and hair pieces. Looking at the rail we groaned as it looked as though she had decided to choose a gown from every color under the sun. As I stood there, my eyes roaming over what she had chosen I knew that there was no way that Alice was in anyway capable of trying on each of the gowns. "Rose, Tori, Alice. Just come here for a second please." They each came and stood by me looking at me quizzically. Well I say stood but Alice swayed gently, giggling at nothing in particular. "As we can all see Ali isn't going to be capable of standing up long enough to try on all the gowns that she has chosen so what I propose is that we each chose one gown for her to model before we fill her with food and coffee." Alice tried to glare at me but with her eyes unable to fully focus it didn't have the effect that she wanted. I heard a muttered "Oh fuck off" as she gingerly walked passed me to pick her choice. Having picked out a grape colored renaissance style dress she collapsed into a waiting chair struggling to keep her eyes open as she waited for us to look through what she had brought over and make our choices for her. Rose chose a shimmering silver gown that flowed like water over her fingers. The dress was beautiful and slinky and would suit Alice's sparkling personality perfectly. Tori chose a baby pink corseted gown that in my opinion would make Alice's pale complexion look washed out, I chose another corseted gown in the same grape color, it had a square neckline and a long slim raw silk skirt that was shot through with black and gold that was carried on in the masque that accompanied it. We force fed Alice black coffee in the hopes of sobering her up enough to stand and try the gowns on. Rose dismissed Tori's choice before Alice even began to try and put it on saying that it would make her look like a walking corpse. We had just begun to lift the shimmering material silk of the dress over her head when we heard Alice mumble "I'm hungry now. Tori, would you ask the Twilight restaurant if they would be willing to deliver me some food here? If you tell them it's for me they should do, they know me well enough by now." Tori nodded and as she went to go and place our order with the most affluent place in Seattle we managed to get the dress over Alice's head. The silver gown fell like a silken waterfall over Alice's small frame and the cowl neckline and cut managed to produce curves that were normally hidden. The shimmering silver material gave her skin a luminescent quality and I knew that this was the dress for her before she even began to accessorize it. We flicked through Roses dresses once we had managed to get Alice dressed and seated and I found a deep crimson gown that I knew was the one for Rose, it had a corset style top that tied at the back and the front had tiny hook and eye fastenings and the skirt was long and ruffled at the back and came around shorter at the front showing off her amazingly long legs. "That's the one Rose; I don't think you need to try anymore on. What do you think Alice?" Alice omitted a soft snore in response and began to mumble nonsense that made me double over with laughter. Even though I had not been looking forward to this shopping excursion it had proved to be more than entertaining and I hoped that the ball itself would be just as interesting. I would really appreciate your reviews I have just started writing again after a break of almost 2 year. Well that's the first chapter. I really hope that you have enjoyed it as much as I have enjoyed writing it; it has been floating around my head for ages and got to the point where it argued with me to come out lol. The next chapter will be in Edwards POV and will be graphic so be warned ;) Lots of love sar xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx