in my brain. And I'm startled to find a green eye staring right back at me, glinting under the partial hood of his eyelid. I groan. He continues on, kissing me at the same slow pace, his fist still clenching my hair, nothing like the frantic way I'd seen him kiss his girlfriend, Bella, yet somehow, it's ten times more fervent. There's a feeling of need behind the kiss, concentrated desire pouring out into each lingering movement of his mouth. It's mind-blowing. I want more. I push my hips into his, grabbing his hips and pulling him to me in the process. He starts kissing me harder, faster, thrusting into me as he does. His tongue comes out and brushes against my lips, once, twice, three times. Then with a sudden impatience he is prodding my lips open with it, and when they part for him, he's shoving it down my throat. I groan again. He drives his dick into me even harder at the sound, violent now, my ass slamming into the door over... and over... and over... and over. He grunts and releases my mouth, breathing heavily into my face. "Suck my cock," he growls. "Huh?" "On your knees, now." I get down on my knees. My fingers tremble with anticipation as I pull the waistband of his sweatpants down over his engorged cock, and then... there it is. It stands before me, long and thick, with a slight curve to it. I stare at it, mouth dropping open. His palms are still pressed against the door and he's looking down at me. "What the fuck are you waiting for?" I'm nervous. "I... I've never done this before," I stutter. "I know. So get sucking, you need the practice." Tentative, I lean forward and stick out my tongue, licking the head of his cock. It tastes salty. We moan simultaneously. I inch my mouth over the tip, then move further and further down, taking in inch by inch of it until nearly his entire cock has filled my mouth. He sighs. Mutters, "fuck." I place my hands over his firm, tight ass, using it as leverage as I suck his cock, pulling back until it's nearly all the way out of my mouth, and then taking it all back in until it's buried in my throat. He groans, the sound rumbling deep in his chest. "Shit," he whispers. He's writhing with every suck, plunging his dick further down my throat until I almost gag. He bangs at the door with his fist, hissing every time my tongue brushes the underside of his cock. " F uck . Me. " I look up at him once, when my cheeks are hollow from the suction I'm using as I pull back from his shaft, and those green irises disappear. I'm left with only the whites of his eyes as he groans: "Holy fuck, Whitlock. Don't look up at me again, I swear to God... " He pounds on his door with his fist and for a moment I'm terrified that he might wake Alice up. Their parents are out of town. His groaning is becoming relentless, his thrusts becoming erratic. " Fuck! " He spits. He shoves his dick down my throat in three, final, irregular jerks. And a second later my mouth is filled with his warm, salty juices. I keep on sucking him until he stops thrusting and slumps forward, leaning his forehead against the door. / \ Its a few minutes later and he pulls up his pants. "You should get back to Alice," he says. I frown, confused. "What? But I don't want Alice. I want you . You said you wanted me too. I thought that meant that –" "Well, you obviously thought wrong, Whitlock." He pushes back from the door and flops down on his bed, leaving me still kneeling by the door, perplexed. And still horny. This isn't fair. "Shut my door quietly on your way out," he says, reaching for his TV remote and switching on the TV. I gawp at him in bewilderment for a long moment. Then comes the anger. "You. Fucking. Asshole," I say, my teeth clamped together. "You... you used me." He shrugs. "I was horny. Bella's out of town." I shake my head. "Liar! You wanted me. You've wanted me ever since you first met me. I saw those looks you gave me." He laughs, sarcastic. "Get over yourself, Whitlock. A blow job is a blow job. Personally, I don't give a shit if it's from a male or a female mouth. There ain't no fucking difference. That doesn't make me gay." "Bullshit. What about all those things you were saying to me? What about the fact that you fucking kissed me?" "I was pretending you were Bella." It's my turn to laugh. "That's a crock of shit and you know it. Your eyes were open when you kissed me. I... I saw you - " "Look!" He glares at me. "I'm sick of your fucking whining. Let me say this again for you, a little clearer. I was horny. My girlfriend is in Jacksonville. I wanted to get off. So I used your little faggot ass to do that. This incident stays between us, because I swear to God if you hurt my sister you're a fucking dead man. I'm not gay. Now get the fuck out of my room." At that he directs his attention back to the TV, ignoring me. I feel sick, disgusted, used - but I still want him. I choke back the sob that's trying to escape my throat. "Fuck you," I say, defeated, before turning around and opening the door. I glance back at him before I leave the room and he's staring at the TV, his face blank and impassive. The shimmer of those sparkling green eyes is the last thing I catch before I shut the door and make my way back upstairs to my girlfriend. / \