The damn thing snapped all the time and it had been dropped off by one of my father's fellow officers. He'd found it on the street outside an abandoned building, and he brought it to us. Mom determined it was nearly feral, so it would be hanging around a while because it wasn't eligible for adoption with its aggressive behavior. It would take love and patience to nurse it back to health, and my mother, well she had the patience of a saint and a heart full of love. "Mom, I think I found Bliss a home," I offered as I walked over to the table where she was examining the dog as it snarled the whole time. She turned to me and smiled. "Really? I was almost ready to take her home with Sheba, but if someone fell in love with her, then I'm more than happy about it. Are they good people?" I had to be careful because my mother was very persnickety regarding the adoption process, and I wasn't sure she'd agree with my judgment call. "It's a single guy. He works from home. He's a musician, and he has a studio in his house. He's twenty-five, but he doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who'd go into this lightly. He has a single-family home with a fenced backyard, and they hit it off. "He offered to allow me to come over to inspect his home and let Bliss look around as well. I think it's a good match, Mom. I really think they'll be good for each other. He's kind of quiet, and she's more docile. I'd like to take her over to his place and let her rut around a little," I hedged. She pulled the snapping dog into her arms and held it tightly, which made it calm immediately, and then she leveled her eyes at me. "So, you're going to a stranger's house with a dog to allow them to feel it out? I want to meet him," she demanded. She took the dog to a private kennel and returned a minute later, determined to meet the man. I was dreading it, but I knew she'd never agree unless she met him. I walked out front to find Edward Cullen on the floor with Bliss next to him in a submissive position on her back while he rubbed her belly. Her head was resting on his thigh as he leaned against the wall and quietly talked to her. Mom took one look and inhaled. I turned to her and saw her smile. "I think you're right, but I still want a conversation with him before you leave here and follow a stranger home." I nodded. It was no use to argue with her because she'd get her way come hell or high water. She always did. She walked over to the two of them and kneeled down, squeezing Bliss's thigh, which caused her to launch up. "Sit," Mom ordered as she turned to the man, who had a look of concern on his face. "I'm Dr. Swan. You are?" she asked as she extended her right hand while her left rested on Bliss's head. "It's an honor to meet you, Dr. Swan. I'm Edward Cullen, but you can call me Edward. You have a very nice place here," he told her, not meeting her gaze either. Things were going well. I didn't want him to bring out that letter from his brother because my mother would have a shit fit if she read it. I wanted to take the dog to his house because in my heart, I knew he was a good guy, but Mom, well, she wasn't so trusting, and the fact I was young…well, she didn't always trust my judgment. "Thank you, Edward. We try. So it seems our little Bliss has fallen in love with you. Bella told me you'd like her to bring the dog over to look around at your place to see if she'd be happy there. Where do you live?" Mom asked. Of course, my father had been a cop, so I knew she'd been trained in the art of interrogation over the years they'd been married. I walked over and gave her the paperwork. "It's all right here. Edward lives over in Oakmont. We good here?" I asked impatiently. Mom looked it over and smiled at him. "I think it's a great idea to allow Bliss to see if she likes your place, Edward. I just need to talk to Bella for a minute, and then she'll be back to follow you home." She rose from the floor and walked over to me, grabbing my arm and leading me to the back. "God, you smell like dog. Go to my office and at least spritz yourself with some perfume. He's gorgeous, and it seems he's interested in you, Bella. Brush your hair, put on a little make-up, and get a blouse from my closet. He's definitely a keeper," she instructed, completely oblivious to the bigger picture. I almost laughed at her eagerness to hook me up, but I didn't. She hadn't picked up on Edward's demeanor, and I didn't want her to. I wanted to get to know the man because there was just something about him. He wasn't something I saw coming when he walked in, but I was blown away by the gentleness about him. I'd never encountered another human who just seemed like such a gentle soul. It was like a breath of fresh air. \\\ E/N: I didn't expect to put up another Bella/Edward story, but as I wrote this one, I decided I wanted to share it. It's not all pretty, but I love it. I hope you do as well. Thank you for reading. Till next time…xoxo (P.S. I'm also posting stories on Fiction Press if you're interested. They're original fiction - slash - and they might not be your cup of tea, but I'm there!)