found myself inhaling and holding my breath as she asked, complying for some reason out of reflex. A reflex I was not aware of. I wanted to do as she said; I wanted to do anything to please her. I couldn't understand why. She wanted me to hold my breath. Why? So I couldn't smell her? Surely she couldn't know. It was then I realized she had whispered, looked directly at me and whispered across the noisy room. She knew I could hear her. I had to know who she was. How did she know I could hear her? Did this new girl somehow know our secret? I had to smell her to see if she smelled like anyone familiar. I took a little sniff and regretted it instantly. I felt my throat explode, as every part of my body tensed to spring at her. I gripped the table, trying to hold myself back, but I knew it was not up to the task. I had to kill her. Now! I covered my mouth, trying to suppress the snarl emanating from my throat. She seemed to know what the matter with me was and told the teacher I was ill. The curious side of me tried to push forward as she spoke, but the monster suppressed it. Mr. Banner told me to head out to see the nurse, but I didn't move, and my prey's voice spoke to me again, mentioning calling Carlisle. Her eyes were piercing into mine, as she said the words firmly. I noticed the way she said dad , as if she knew something. Carlisle would not be happy if I killed a human, and though there was something different about her, I could tell by the pounding in her chest and the flush of her delicious red cheeks that she was human, a very tasty human. She took a few steps back from me. I looked at her face. No, still not afraid. Disappointed maybe? I stepped out of the classroom and took in a deep breath. I was trying to clear the scent of her from my lungs, but there was still a light trace of her here from when she had lingered in the doorway. I hurried out of the building and made my way to my car, fighting against the monster that was planning to kill her, plotting her demise after school. All the different ways I could get her alone and take what I wanted from her played in my mind like a reel of my favorite movie, and I had to fight myself not to run back into the school and grab her, so I could drag her with me and act them out. I growled in frustration. I did not want to kill her I told myself. I thought of my father's disappointment. It was as if she knew thoughts of my father would give me enough strength to leave her alive. This curious girl's sad eyes seemed to look straight through my careful façade, and she did not flinch. Surely she couldn't know what we were, she would have been afraid if she did. She would have to be afraid. I was consumed by my thoughts of the girl, trying to figure out her mystery and fight against the monster that wanted to kill her. I heard a thump on my car and jumped. 'Ha! Gotcha!' Emmett thought smugly. I just growled in response. I looked up and saw Alice and Jasper approaching. Had Alice seen this? In her mind, she was singing a lullaby in Cantonese. Again, I wasn't sure if she was singing backwards. I was now thoroughly annoyed that I had told her I did not know Cantonese. The ride home was silent and gave my monster time to plan the girl's death. 'Edward, don't,' Alice's mental voice chastened me. Could she see me killing the girl? I had to leave, get away from her, from here. But who was she, and did she know what I was? Yes, how did she know her smell would send me into a frenzy to kill her? My curiosity pushed forward again. I wanted to speak with her, but I knew it was impossible. "I'm going to visit the new girl." My eyes found Alice, as she continued to speak. "I'm going to go talk to her." Rosalie sneered. Emmett voiced his surprise. "Why?" Jasper did not comment or show interest. Did he know? His thoughts were of Alice's safety. He was concerned about the Volturi? My eyes shot to him, and Alice elbowed him. "You didn't answer Emmett's question," I heard my voice speak, but I wondered if it was the curiosity in me or the monster in me that wanted to know why she was going. I didn't want to share her with Alice. If anyone was going to eat her, it would be me alone! I recoiled at my own thoughts. "She'll be good for us," was all Alice said. We made it home, and Alice disappeared into the forest in the opposite direction of Bella's house. She was going to hunt and then go see the girl. She was not going to eat her. That soothed the monster. No, only I would get to do that. My face twisted in pain at the thought. "Emmett! Jasper!" Alice's voice came from the distance, "Don't let Edward leave!" They both looked at me. I took in a deep breath and looked at the ground, trying to hide my guilt, as they walked to my sides. Emmett put his arm over my shoulder. "Come on, Bro, how about you tell us what's going on." A/N: Thanks for reading and please review! All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. Oh, and last chapter, you guys may have notice some similarities to Stephenie's Midnight Sun . Yeah, I totally did that on purpose. So, all props to Stephenie. Midnight Sun is my favorite book, even if it isn't complete yet.