he returned appeared. Edward didn't answer for a minute. He stood still, just thinking. Finally he picked up Carlisle's Bible again and flipped to the Parable of the Persistent Widow. "What about this? It says in order to receive something from God, you have to pray over and over again." Carlisle nodded. "But, in your way of thinking, I have received Bella, Bella's health, Renesmee, and our families safety from the Volturi from God." "Right," Carlisle answered brightly. I think your beginning to understand. Edward shook his head. "Not so fast, Carlisle. I received all of those things from him without praying at all. So that seems to mean God will give us whatever he wants, and not give us what he doesn't want, no matter what we think. Sounds like a God who doesn't care about me, again." Carlisle froze for a minute. His thoughts changed so fast, Edward could barely keep up. How could you…God cares…Why can't you see…Edward, just… Finally, Carlisle started talking again. "I find it hard to believe you'd take all that evidence that God definitely cares about you, Edward. Enough to give you gifts like Bella and Renesmee. And turn it into evidence that God doesn't care at all. First of all, although God does want us to pray, sometimes he gives us gifts without asking. Just because he loves us. Like you do for Renesmee." Edward nodded, thinking of all the books he'd bought Renesmee last week. She hadn't asked for them, but he knew they made his daughter happy. "Second of all," Carlisle continued, "Did it occur to you that I might pray for those things on your behalf?" Images of Carlisle praying in many different locations began to appear. Edward stared at his father. No, that hadn't occurred to him at all. "I suppose I should say thank you," he commented, not sure what else to say. "Your welcome. But perhaps you should try praying now?" Edward shrugged. "I have everything I need now." "I'm glad to hear that. But there are more reasons to pray than to ask God for things. To thank God for the things you already have, for one." Edward nodded. "I suppose." "Do you like it when Renesmee thanks you for things you've given her? Or things you've done for her?" Edward nodded. "Bella, too." "Then you should know God would appreciate it, too, Edward. But even more than that, God wants you to talk to him." Edward looked at Carlisle, confused. "What do you mean?" "Why do you like Bella and Renesmee to talk to you? Is it just so they can ask for things and thank them for the things you gave them?" Edward thought for a minute before replying. "No. I want to hear what they're doing in their life. I want to hear what Bella's thinking in that surprising brain of hers. I want to see what Renesmee's focused on. I want to hear the sound of their voices." Carlisle nodded. "Exactly. And what about the rest of the family?" Edward shrugged. "The same thing, although a different degree. I like joking around with Emmett and Jasper. I like talking to you about different things." Carlisle smile went even wider. " That's why God wants you to pray, Edward. For the same reasons. He wants to hear about your life." Edward sighed. "I still don't know Carlisle. I don't know if I can agree with you." Carlisle nodded. "I'm not going to force you to do so, Edward. You know that. It's time for me to go to the hospital." OOOOOOOOOOOOOO Another week past, and Edward was still thinking about what Carlisle said and what he had read (and hadn't read ) in the Bible. He still wasn't comfortable with the fact that there were no mention of vampires in the book. Still, if God might care about Edward, what harm was there in trying to pray? Hello, God. I really don't know what to say. Thank you for Bella and Renesmee and the rest of my family. Edward finished the prayer after that, still feeling awkward. OOOOOOOOOOOOO Rosalie and Edward got into another fight. That woman was infuriating! How were they going to fix it this time? And before he even realized it, Edward prayed help us fix this, God . Miraculously, Rosalie eventually apologized to Edward (although he knew Emmett had prompted her do so). Edward was so surprised, he even admitted part of it was his fault. Maybe Carlisle was right about prayer Edward thought. OOOOOOOOOOOOO Edward began praying more regularly after that. He began to realize he was God's child. Emmett teased him, calling him "Saint Edward." He didn't mind. Emmett never meant any harm. Bella told him she was overjoyed he'd finally made peace with God. Renesmee asked him why her Dad was "talking" to someone who wouldn't answer. "Well, God…usually answers later on, through what other people say." Edward's mind flashed to the moment Rosalie apologized to him. Through Carlisle mind, Edward also saw the moment when Aro decided not to attack. "And sometimes, you don't need someone to talk back. You just need someone to listen." Carlisle nodded from the background. OOOOOOOOOOO But even though his family was happy Edward had finally found peace with God, they weren't interested in it themselves. Edward was particularly disappointed Bella and Renesmee were not interested in God. Carlisle shrugged. "You can't force them, Edward. Just like I never forced you. But we can hope. And pray that someday…" they might change their minds. "We have eternity, after all." "Eternity," Edward agreed. He would never be as patient as Carlisle was, but he could still try. And hope. And pray. AN: The translation of the Bible verses might be slightly off. I assume Carlisle would have a King James translation, whereas my Bible is a Catholic translation. However, I'm sure most of us can agree the content of these verses is the same, no matter which translation is used.