Six bodies were found in allies in different parts of the city. No wounds were reported except for small incisions on the neck and it was overheard that each body was drained of blood. So far no leads have been discovered or connections made between the deaths, but there seems to be speculation that these deaths are somehow linked to recent reports of missing people in the area…" The reporter finished the story and switched to a new topic. Eric turned off the TV. "Who could have done this?" Jessica began, breaking the silence. Bella wondered the same thing. After several disastrous massacres a few centuries back, the Volturi, the high vampire council, made killing a human for blood illegal. Instead, they would find humans who were willing to donate their blood to the vampires and in return they were able to live out their wildest dreams so long as they didn't tell anyone about the arrangement. If they did, then they would not live to see another sunset. Over the years, evolution also helped the vampires acquire skills of restraint so they were able to feed for a little bit and stop themselves without killing the host, making the host reusable. So, an attack, such as the one in Port Angeles, obviously done by vampires, is a huge taboo in vampire and royal society, a feat punishable by death. "Probably some crazy psychotic bastard who has a death wish," Bella answered. "Well, they aren't going to be caught by the Volturi soon enough for my tastes. I am just glad that we have guardians." Angela nodded in agreement with Jessica's statement. Both of their guardians puffed out their chest a little at the comment. Bella rolled her eyes. Typically teenage guardians and their egos, but that is when she froze. "Oh shit, my guardian!" Bella exclaimed. "Damn, I forgot again! I'm already late!" Bella jumped up and ran out of the room with Angela, Jessica, Eric, and Tyler shouting comments of 'good luck' and 'poor new guy' after her. Bella ran out of the dorms to the main office of the school in record time. She took a minute to catch her breath outside before entering. This building was no different in terms of design. Bella was in a main waiting room with a hallway to the left leading to the administration office and then to her right was another hallway that led to the teacher's rooms with a stairway in the back leading to other stories of the building. Bella entered the left hallway and went down to the end where the headmistress was located. Bella knocked quietly and heard a 'enter'. Bella walked into an elaborate study. Here the stone was covered up by light golden wallpaper with alabaster moldings around the room. Old wooden bookshelves lined the walls filled with books from every century. An enormous work desk stood in the middle of the room with a soft plush carpet underneath it and two leather armchairs in front of the desk. A huge window stood behind the desk with a direct view of the moon. "Princess Swan, how nice of you to make it." "Sorry Headmistress Emily," Bella replied. "Luckily, your new guardian is being shown around the campus at the moment and will join us shortly. Please sit down," Emily responded as she gestured to one of the two seats in front of her. Bella took the offered seat and faced the headmistress. Headmistress Emily was a youthful vibrant woman. She had a natural maternal instinct making her the perfect person to run the academy. Emily had copper skin, raven black hair, and three long disfiguring scars running down the right side of her face due to an accident no one really knew about. Emily was also the fiancée of the Physical Defense teacher Sam. "Princess Swan," the headmistress started, "I do not think I need to remind you that this is your eighth guardian that you have been granted since your initial entrance into this academy. Most are only allowed a onetime switch but we have made several exceptions in your case. But, this is the end of the line. We cannot continue to provide you with a constant string of new guardians if you do not make the effort to try and keep one. Thus, this will be the last guardian you are given. If you cannot make the attempt to connect with your new guardian then will shall hand the matter of your protection over to your family." Bella sat mouth agape. Her father would never provide her with a guardian because first he detested her and second he was a very important man and needed several guardians with him at all times with barely any to spare. Although Bella was skilled in the art of magic and had taken several self defense classes, she needed her guardian. Despite her usual indifferent marks in regard to guardians, Bella had always had one and now they were such a stabilizing force in every royal's life that Bella would feel vulnerable as well as humiliated that she did not have a guardian. "I understand Headmistress. I promise to do whatever it takes to keep this guardian. I will not fail you," Bella replied with determination dripping from her words. Bella was sincere in her statement and vowed not to let anything get in the way of keeping this guardian. "I am glad to hear it Princess." Bella heard a soft knock and click of the door behind her. "Right on time. Princess Isabella Swan I would like you to meet your new guardian…" Bella stood up and turned around, wanting to shake their hand and make a good first impression, it was at that point she found herself eye to eye with golden orbs for what seemed like the umpteenth time for the day. "Mister Edward Cullen." A grin formed at the edge of his lips and all Bella could think was 'Aww shit'.