of me. Reading all those literature and science books. Studying the piano with him. It hurt hearing him imply I was stupid. Edward rushed into the house at vampire speed for the second time today. "I'm so sorry , Renesmee." he told her, giving her a big hug. "I never should have said something that would hurt your feelings like that, even if it was just because I was angry. You'll always be my brilliant little girl, no matter what." "Thanks, Dad," Renesmee replied. "But, that being said, skipping school and climbing that fence, especially with those other girls, that wasn't a very smart decision," Edward continued seriously. "You'll still have to be punished." Renesmee looked at the floor. "I know. I made a mistake. I broke a lot of rules. And I could have really hurt my friends, by talking them into climbing the fence with me." "Tell your father and your grandfather what you told us, Nessie," Esme prompted in her gentle way. "About why you decided to do it." So Renesmee was still trying to come up with an excuse for her behavior Edward thought to himself, his temper rising a little again. But the rest of the family seemed interested in hearing her. After all, it was Esme who suggested she tell us. So he sat down next to Bella on one of our sofas and she took his hand. Carlisle was right. Bella helped control his temper a little. Carlisle sat next to Esme and wrapped his arm around her in his subtle way. Renesmee sighed. "I know I made a mistake. But…I was just so tired of people hovering over me and telling me what to do. Do you know how much pressure it is, to have six people older than you, watching your every move? "Be careful. Don't do this. Make sure to do that. Are you sure you're all right? Ahhh!" As she talked Edward saw flashes of Bella and him, as well as Carlisle and Esme, and Rosalie, Alice, Jasper, and Emmett all taking care of her the best we could. "But we do that because we love you," Edward protested. "We want to protect you and take care of you." Renesmee shook her head. "I understand, Dad. But it's still too much for me to handle all of you breathing down my neck. And with the teachers at school telling me what to do, too…it got too much." Pictures of teachers telling her to go to class, not to talk while the teacher spoke, and do her homework appeared as well. Edward nodded. "Maybe it's for the best if you don't go back to school, then." Renesmee shook her head violently. " No Dad. I admit, the teachers bothered me today. But generally…they're actually less of a problem than my family is. Probably because the teachers have seventy – five students to take care of, and you guys only have me." That's debatable , Carlisle and Esme thought at the same time, thinking of the trouble the rest of the children sometimes got into. "I really want to stay in school, Dad. Please?" Renesmee pleaded. "It…might be better to keep her in school, Edward," Carlisle commented. "If we pull her out, it might look like we don't approve of the punishment the school decided on for her breaking their rules." Edward nodded. That was possible. Of course, it would be Carlisle and Esme who would be implicated in that case, as Renesmee's legal guardians in this location. But Edward would never want his parents to be implicated for something he decided…even if it was supposed to be a punishment for his daughter. (Parenting a child who legally belonged to his parents was harder than he'd thought it would be.) "Besides, Renesmee still needs to learn how to assimilate with humans, Edward," Carlisle continued calmly. "I know she didn't do a good job today. At all ," he added sternly to Renesmee, in case she didn't understand how serious he was about her behavior today. "But if we don't allow her to try again, how will she learn?" It was a good argument. "Besides, some of the fault belongs to us. Renesmee was right. Our family was putting too much pressure on her. I remember feeling stifled because of my parents' rules when I was a young human, and I only had two caregivers." An image of a young Esme climbing a tree flashed through her mind. Edward sighed. "How about this," he suggested. "You may return to school, in which you will serve your detention. But the next baseball game we play, you won't be able to come. And you are also unable to go on outings with Jacob until the next week. Does that sound reasonable?" Bella nodded from beside Edward. Carlisle nodded as well. "I think that's a good punishment, Edward." "All right, Dad. I guess that's okay," Renesmee agreed. "That's fine. But I think we should also try not to hover over Renesmee so much," Esme added. Edward didn't see how that was possible, in his case, but Esme probably had a point. "We'll try," Edward agreed. The other three adults nodded. "I'll let the rest of the family know as well," Carlisle commented. "We all made mistakes today, after all." The other nodded. That's true, they all thought. Edward smiled. "I'm glad that's settled." He was. Being Renesmee's father was one of the greatest joy's in his life. And Edward wanted to be one of the best. That included the tough things, like punishing her for wrong doing. But he was still so grateful to have had the best father to teach him. And better yet still be available to correct Edward's mistakes. "Thank you Carlisle," he whispered. You handled that well this time, Edward. Just like a father , Carlisle replied, smiling. Edward smiled back. It looked like he wasn't too much of a child for Carlisle to see him as Renesmee's father at all.