realizing what she had done, "So that's why I had to drive. Good one. Sometimes it very clear who is the younger one of us". Bella rolled her eyes, "By 5 minutes John I don't think that counts. This morning didn't count in your favor either…" John smiled but left it there and answered the underlying question, "The nightmare was very detailed, as if I actually was experiencing it. I can still remember most of it, but I wrote it down last night to be sure. I just looked up the battle that was mentioned. I have never heard of it before, but sure enough it was in there. The battle of Kedash took place in 1274 BC… The battle was actually in Syria, but the army I was following was Egyptian". They approached Charlie's house and John and Bella walked inside in silence. Charlie greeted them noticing the books he asked, "I see you found the library. Preparing for school tomorrow?" Bella looked at John, "Ask John, I was just there to carry the bags." John huffed at Charlie's surprised face, then looked at Bella, "I carried the bags, and don't act so surprised. You both suck". John theatrically threw his hands in the air in frustration and left the room. Bella followed but turned to Charlie and told him that they'd be back before dinner. John had locked the room so Bella knocked to be polite but didn't bother waiting for him to reply. "Jesus Sis, one day you're going to see something and regret just walking in like that." John said, and Bella blanched slightly then retorted, "Very nice John, perhaps you are unfamiliar with how locks work, shall I show you?" John sat down at his desk and pulled out the books and turned on the desk lamp. "You are getting more resilient sis, I'm proud of you." He said with a smirk. Bella slapped him in the back of his head. He looked up at her in surprise "What was that for?", she just smirked "Now we're even". John rubbed where she hit. It wasn't hard and didn't actually hurt just reflex. "It's a good thing you hit like a girl", he taunted and was rewarded with another one, this time a harder. He sighed and pushed her so she fell back onto the bed. "Sit down, out of reach. Then start to read these…" He threw a few books next to her on shape shifters and werewolves, "…and figure out what needs to be known about them. Bella took one of the books then laughed and asked "No fairies or robots?" She smiled. John chuckled, "If I get a nightmare with one of those we can revisit your suggestions". He started to look into the ancient Egypt and quickly found the section on the battle. The prince in the nightmare was most likely Ramesses the Great. The event fit fairly well too, only there was no talk of a bodyguard being with him. Only that he was deserted by his troops and survived only with the help from the gods. These descriptions in the books painted him as a great warrior. It didn't quite fit with what John had seen. Another thing that caught his attention was, written a few pages farther into the book. The camp that they almost reached in the nightmare had the Amon division stationed. This fit well with the name the wolf spoke. Supposedly this division could be named after a highly ranked and loyal bodyguard, but it seem odd. John looked towards Bella, she was still reading. "Did you find anything interesting?" he asked, but Bella just shrugged, "I'm not sure. There are so many different variants, depending on which book I look in. Werewolves generally change during full-moon, whereas shape shifters are often in control of the change. The werewolves are considered to be more animalistic". John considered this then asked, "Would either of them be able to talk?" He remembered the wolf doing so near the end of the nightmare. Bella shrugged "I don't think so. Usually it is just hisses and growls. Maybe it is time you tell me the whole story?" John started to explain the dream and what information he had come across. Bella was surprised at how much detail was in the dream, usually she just recalled snippets of her dreams at best. "I don't understand. Was this an actual glimpse into the past? Does this mean that you can look into the past as well now?" She was actually a little jealous but did her best to hide it. John didn't pick up on it in any case; he was deep in thought. "I guess we will just have to see if I get another flashback. Preferably one less violent. I don't really think we can do any more right now" John answered. As much as she wanted to explore this further there wasn't really any clear direction to continue working towards, "I guess we will wait and see then". She said leaving the room walking downstairs to start preparing dinner. Charlie was watching the news in TV in the living room. Apparently there was an increase in people going missing. Charlie looked away from the TV to face Bella, "Hey Bels, did you manage to find what you were looking for in the books?" She nodded, and offered "yeah, it was actually pretty interesting, there was certain similarities between John's dream and what actually happened back then". Charlie nodded, "I guess he has actually learned something in class. Or at least on a subconscious level" he quipped and Bella smiled. "Yeah who would have thought." She then started walking into the kitchen, and told Charlie "I will start to prepare dinner." Charlie got up from the couch, "Ok. Let me know how I can help." Bella picked up some potatoes and other vegetables, "could you start on these?" A/N: Thanks to Ruze a Koure for editorial advises on Chapter 1.