out and thrusting back into me. Lifting my upper body slightly gave him a new angle and out combined moans and animalistic grunts vibrated through my body. Closing my eyes I began to match him thrust for thrust, our hips moving together to achieve the maximum pleasure. I could feel the familiar tightening in the pit of my stomach that signalled that my orgasm was close; my breath came out in pants and gasps as he pounded me closer and closer. I opened my eyes and once again looked in the mirror knowing that watching us would send me flying off the edge only to have my gaze meet a pair of emerald green eyes. I gasped out loud, as angry as I was with Edward I didn't want to hurt him like this. "What the fuck is going on?" Carlisle stilled inside me at Edwards voice and turned his head to look at his son, a smug smile on his face. "What does it look like?" He asked, totally unapologetic. "Now are you going to stand there and watch whilst I fuck your wife or are you going to come and join us?" I watched in amazement as Edward looked at me and then back at Carlisle before returning his gaze to me. He must have seen the look of excitement on my face as he slowly began to unbutton his shirt. I had read before about a woman having a father and son together and I must admit that the thought of them together was the biggest turn on. I groaned as He removed his trousers and briefs revealing his huge erect cock to me. As Edward began to walk over towards us, Carlisle pulled out of me. We both moaned from the loss of contact even, he reached for my hand and began pulled me over to the king sized bed that dominated the room. "Bella get on your knees. I'm going to fuck your beautiful tight pussy whilst Edwards fucks your delectable, dirty little mouth." I knelt on the bed and felt Carlisle position himself behind me. The head of his cock was nudging my entrance and I wanted to kneel back and thrust against him until he was once again inside me. I watched as Edward came and knelt in front of me, his cock as hard as steel and begging to have my lips wrapped around it. They thrust into me together and all three of us gave a moan at the sensations that were buzzing through our bodies. Carlisle began slamming into me again; his hips pistoning so that his cock was thrusting in and out faster than ever, with each thrust forward I took Edward deeper into my warm wet mouth. I knew just what would send him into oblivion and raising one hand gently cupped his balls while using my teeth to scrape all the way down his cock. Grunts and groans filled the air as I was fucked hard by both of them, the rhythm that we had established meant that we all got optimum pleasure and I groaned each time Carlisle thrust in hard which in turned made Edward groan as the sensation vibrated up his cock. The tightening in my stomach intensified and I began to thrust back against Carlisle but before I could fall of the edge his thrusts became erratic and with one final slam slam he came deep inside me with a roar. "Fuck Bella! Fuck Fuck!" Edward ceased his fucking of my mouth and I groaned in disappointment as Carlisle withdrew from my pussy. I had been so close and felt robbed of my pleasure, I was about to stand up when I felt hands on my back and Edward pushed into me, his girth making sure that I felt every ridge of his cock. "Oh no you don't. I'm going to fuck you until you scream and cum for me and me only." My pussy clenched with need at his words. Sex with Edward when he was angry was rough and brutal, nothing at all like our gentle lovemaking, yet it was when it was fast and rough like this that my orgasms rocked me to the core. Edward continued to thrust inside me swivelling his hips as he did so ensuring that he hit that magical little spot inside me that was guaranteed to send me rocketing towards the sky. "This is what you wanted isn't it? You wanted to be fucked hard and fast?" I whimpered in response unable to form any kind of coherent answer, I could feel my orgasm approaching fast and moaned with want, needing something more. As if reading my mind Carlisle sat down at the side of me, his long nimble fingers danced over my hips and down to my pussy where he began to circle my clit with light pressure. "Oh fuck please don't stop, so close." My legs began to shake as Edwards thrusts got faster and deeper and his grunts became feral. I knew that he was close and I wanted to draw the pleasure out for both of us. Carlisle increased the pressure on my clit and my moans became louder and longer. All of a sudden he pinched it between his thumb and finger and I fell apart screaming Edwards name as I came. I was vaguely aware of Edward coming and could feel him pulsing and twitching inside me. Edward withdrew from my still throbbing body and the three of us looked at each other in stunned silence. "Well." Carlisle said breaking the silence. "That was an unexpected pleasure." I couldn't help but laugh at the expression on Edwards face before it relaxed into one of amusement. I looked at them both and smiled and knew that this was something I would want to repeat, Well I hope that you enjoyed that. Please leave a review as they really do make all the difference in the world to a writer