at one another and start cleaning up. I nudge her arm. "Lauren is Jess's understudy." "That works for me, too." Ang's boyfriend Ben pokes his head in, looking impatient, so I tell her I'll finish up. It doesn't take that long, but I'm not sure I have the brainpower left to study tonight. I finally make it out into the cool night air, taking a deep breath. I want a cigarette more than ever. In the soft glow of the streetlamp shining down on my car, I notice a familiar pair of orange Chuck Taylors. The awkward guy from the library is examining Bluebell. Seriously? "You're not hatching a plan to paint my car, are you?" Mr. Gangly nearly jumps out of those ridiculous sneakers. "Jesus Christ! No, of course not!" He runs a hand through that crazy auburn hair, eyes widening comically when I step into the circle of light. "This is your bloody car?" "Yeah, this is my bloody car." I mimic his British accent perfectly, if I do say so myself. Crossing my arms, I look him over with suspicion. "What are you doing here? Did you follow me?" "Uh, no. Um, my friend is in a play here at the theater." "Oh? Who?" "Anthony Masen." My thighs clench just thinking about Anthony Masen. A piece of man-meat if I've ever seen one—and he understood the importance of the stage crew, too. "Well, where is he?" "Who?" "Your friend. Anthony Masen?" I raise my eyebrows. "Oh! Must have just missed him." He rubs at the back of his neck, looking everywhere but at me. "I'm Bella. You?" "Um, Edward. Cullen. I told you my name before. You know, when we . . . ran into each other." Edward's lips twitch. "Ha, funny." I glare. "Get the hell away from Bluebell." "Huh?" "My car, Picasso." "You call your car Bluebell?" "Got a problem with that, Jack?" "Edward." "Oh my God, really?" I mutter, stepping around him to get to my car. "It's been real, Picasso, but I gotta motor." "Right. Nice to meet you, Bella. Er, sorry about earlier." Edward messes with his hair again. "I have a bus to catch." He waves and starts walking away. I hesitate halfway into the car. "No, you don't." "What?" "Last bus was about twenty minutes ago." "Fucking hell." Hearing him curse in that British accent makes me laugh and thaws some of my annoyance. "Oh, get in." "Really?" Edward smiles, and it lights up his entire face. "We're going to the same campus, right? It would be really mean of me to leave you behind. You live at the dorms?" "Yeah. Thank you so much." Once we're buckled in and driving, I wonder what we're going to talk about for the next half hour. Edward sits with his head bowed, hands clasped between his knees. What a contrast between Edward's awkwardness and Anthony's suave demeanor. Makes me wonder what they have in common. "So . . . Edward . . . how long have you known Anthony?" "My whole life. We . . . grew up together." "Wow. You two must be close." "You have no idea." He laughs. "Oh . . . are you guys . . . partners?" "No! No, no! Not that kind of close. Not that there's anything wrong with that—if it's what you're into." God, he sure babbles. "He's American, and you're British—but you grew up together?" "Yeah." He's really forthcoming with answers. Once we're on the highway, I drive fast, giving Bluebell a workout. I half expect Edward to balk at the speed, but he seems to enjoy it. He caresses the dashboard. "She's fast." "That she is. What's your major, Edward?" "Art history." "Tough one career-wise. Planning to teach?" "Maybe." "Are you an artist?" "Sometimes." Edward laughs nervously. "How about you, Bella?" "Me? Oh, I'm a frustrated business major who secretly longs to be on stage." Edward's brow furrows. "Do you have a part in the play?" "No, I'm a Gal Friday on stage crew. My dad thinks the arts are a waste of time. Besides, I'm too chicken to try out." "You seem pretty . . . outgoing to me." I steer Bluebell onto the off-ramp and flash Edward a grin. "Is that your diplomatic way of calling me a bitch?" He smiles and shakes his head, refusing to answer. Very diplomatic. ~*O*~ When I finally climb into bed and close my eyes, I replay the sound of Anthony Masen's panty-soaking voice and the feel of his lips on my skin. I reach into my nightstand and pull out Jack the Hammer, picturing those luscious lips and that lickable jaw, topped by the mysterious mask. I come harder than I have in a long, long time. ~*TMWW*~ A/N: This fic started as a collab for a contest with my prereader and dear friend, Aleea. I ended up writing it on my own because of issues beyond our control, but it will never feel completely like mine. There was time spent hammering out details (and plot holes!), photo bombing each other, and other such activities. She will wave it off and say it was all mine, which is why I'm writing this very public notation. (Ha!) I'm hoping I can coax Aleea into writing an EPOV outtake at some point. The original one-shot won second place judges' choice and tied for first place public vote in the Wonkyward contest. Anyone who knows me, knows I try not to enter contests anymore because THIS happens—the characters take over and want to keep going . . . and going. Thanks to my awesome prereaders, Keye, Sandy, and Aleea, and my kick-ass beta/word detanger, SassySue (chayasara). Thank you to the judges of the Wonkyward contest and all those who voted for my story! I will be posting chapters weekly(ish) as much as possible, and this shouldn't be too terribly long, but I make no promises. A Measure of Grace will continue to post bi-weekly on Tuesdays.