place. He smiled as he looked at the tiny cottage. It was still the same as it had been when he was a teenager. Jheese he felt old as he thought about being a teenager. Paul chucked at the idea as he still did look like his teen - aged self even though he was now 38 going on 39. 'Where does the time go?' He thought to himself as he stopped the car. He gripped the wheel tighter as he tried to calm himself. 'Keep calm Paul. If anyone will understand it'll be Sam.' He sighed as he thought back on the drama Sam had went through went he imprinted so if anyone was to understand it would be Sam. Well that's what Paul was hoping. Paul took in a deep breath as he unbuckled his seat-belt and headed towards the front porch of Sam and Emily cottage. He slowly walked up the porch steps before carefully pushing the door open. Sam and Emily often left the door open for the pack to just stroll in whenever they needed a place to stay or just wanted to hang out. Paul was glad that tradition hadn't changed since the last time he'd been here. "Hello?" He called as he looked around the place. Things hadn't changed. Everything was still the same. Paul smiled. "Hey Pau.." Paul looked up. Emily stood in front of him. She looked beautiful as ever even with her scars, she looked older but still beautiful. "Hey Emily." Paul smiled. Emily stared at him. She couldn't believe it was him. After all these years of thinking he was dead here he was. Still looking like the 18 year old boy she remember. "P.. Paul?" She stuttered. She couldn't believe it. "Its me Emily.." Paul whispered as he sensed her confusion and could visibly see her sadness. Emily felt the tears run down her face as she ran towards him and wrapped her arms around his torso. "We thought you were dead." she sobbed as the tears flowed down her checks and seeped into Paul's shirt. Paul gasped. 'They thought I was dead?' he thought as he wrapped his arms around Emily's small frame. "I'm here Emily. I'm not dead. I'm alive." He whispered into her jet black hair as he tried to hold back his tears. "We all thought you died.." Emily sobbed as she pulled away from him and wiped the tears from her face. "When you didn't come home we amused the worst." Paul stared at the older woman. He couldn't believe it. "We looked for years.. But when we couldn't find anything we all just came to terms that you were gone." Emily cried. "Why did you leave Paul? We all thought.. We thought we would never see you again." Paul chocked on air. He didn't know how to explain himself. "Hey Emily, who's at the doo- Paul?" Paul looked up and saw Sam. He waved slightly and tried to smile but he was unsuccessful. "Hey Sam." Sam stared at Paul much like Emily had. Emily wiped her tears. "I need to get some tissue." She mumbled as she excused herself from the room. "What- What? How?" Sam stammered. "Is it really you Paul?" He asked as he stepped forward and reached out to touch Paul's face. "It's me Sam.." Paul mumbled. "I didn't die. I ran-away." "What? Why?" Sam asked. "I'll explain it once Emily gets back.." Paul sighed. "You might wanna sit down though." He suggested as he took a seat on the couch. Edward looked at the clock on the mantelpiece. 'Where is he?' he asked himself as he stared at the door. "Stop worrying Dad. I'm sure Momma's fine." Samantha said as she walked into the room with a large bowl of popcorn for her and the twins. Edward had done what Paul had asked and after the kids had finished unpacking he had got them all down stairs and had put on a movie. By now that movie had finished and they where on to their second. "I can't help it." Edward mumbled as he continued to stare at the door. "Jhese dad, your making me paranoid." Samantha laughed as she sat down on the floor with the twins. "Mom's fine. I bet he just had a lot of explaining to do. I mean the past 20 years aren't exactly an easy thing to take in if your hearing the story for the first time." Edward raised his eyebrow. She had a point. It would take more than an a hour to explain the craziness which happened to be their lives. Emily & Sam stared at Paul, neither of them saying a word. Paul looked at the both of them as he finished his story. He stared at the looks on their faces and watched as they processed everything he had told them. He looked at the watch on the wall and sighed. He had hoped he would have explained himself 45 minutes ago but that obviously wasn't the case. "You.. You have kids?" Emily stuttered as she slowly process Paul's story. Paul nodded as he pulled out his wallet and took out the kids recent school photo. He passed it to Emily who carefully took it in her hands, Sam shifted in his seat to take a look at the picture. Emily smiled as she chocked back a sob. "Their beautiful, Paul." She chuckled as she passed the picture back. "They don't look like you though." Paul smiled. "Yeah, they got Edward's good looks." "I still can't believe you imprinted on Edward Cullen." Sam mumbled. "We should of thought of that when he disappeared just after Bella -" Emily hit his leg to stop him from continuing. Paul raised his eyebrow. "After Bella what?" He asked, unsure if he wanted to know the answer. Sam sighed. "Bella found out she was pregnant a few days before Edward left. We assumed he ran out on her." To be continued.