should all hold up in court, but if a man comes forward and claims to be the father, there might be some issues. We'll need to put out a query, asking the father to step forward and sign over his rights, and if there's no response, the baby is yours." I rubbed by face, worried. "Do I get to take him home?" "Yes, you'll have custody of him. Do you live in Seattle where we were headed?" "Yeah, I do." He handed me a card. "Keep in touch with me. I have an office there, and I'll help you handle this pro-bono. I'm Timothy Davis, by the way." "Dr. Carlisle Cullen." "It was nice to meet you, Dr. Cullen. I've got to get a move on. There are two more flights this evening, and I'd like to catch the earlier one." Baby Edward was given a clean bill of health. Timothy had been good on his word, and the hospital released me and my new son with a car seat, a sleeper that said the hospital's name on it, along with a complementary diaper bag with formula, diapers and other sample baby products. They let me have a swaddling blanket, so I wrapped up my new son and made my way to the airport, where I was catching the late flight. I called and left Esme a message. She hadn't answered her phone, so I just texted her the time of my new flight's arrival. Little Edward was fussy on the plane, so I held him for most of the flight, encouraging him to suck on the pacifier they had given him in the hospital. My heart broke a little, as he hid his face in my chest. He was such a tiny little thing, and it scared me to know I was responsible for him now. I knew that was what happened when you had kids. I knew I had been working towards this with my wife, but to have that responsibility here in my arms so suddenly was sobering. The words of his mother still echoed in my mind as well, although I still had no idea what "brothers" she had been speaking of, or why they would come after this child. Exiting the flight, I was struggling with my carry-on, diaper bag and car seat. Edward was fussy when I tried to put him in it, and his sad little cries tore me apart. I couldn't force him into it until it was for his safety. The woman next to me offered to carry the car seat for me, and I tucked the diaper bag into it. I was only pulling my carry-on and carrying my son. Son…that was so scary, but I loved Edward already. I saw Esme standing by the luggage claim. She was bouncing excitedly on her heels. She quickly leaned up and kissed me. "Who do you have here?" she asked, her eyes shining brightly. "This is Edward." Before I could say anything more, the woman who had been helping me out stepped up next to me. "Your son is adorable," Esme cooed. "Oh, it's not my child," she said looking at me confused. "Thank you, my wife is in for a big surprise." "I should say so," she offered with a worried grin. She backed away, but I knew she was still watching. "Carlisle, whose baby is this?" "Mine." By the look on my wife's face, you would have thought I'd slapped her. "Yours?" The hurt was evident, and I realized that she most likely thought I'd been unfaithful. "I delivered him on the plane." Esme looked at the stairs where passengers were still exiting. "You were bringing her back to what…tell me it was over?" "No, no, his mother didn't want to keep him," I tried to explain. "And that's going to make it all go away, that you were…" "He's adopted," I cut in before she could make a scene. She looked at me so confused. Little Edward started fussing again. I was sure he was sensing the tension. "How…huh?" "On the first flight here, a woman sat next to me. She went into labor. While she was in labor, she asked about you, about our family. I talked to her. It seemed to help. She insisted that I adopt her son in a closed adoption. I agreed, hoping that she'd hang on. Unfortunately, she slipped into a coma and was carried away by the Denver airport EMT's." I closed my eyes, rubbing my baby's back, trying to keep myself together. I hoped Elizabeth survived. She had given us the greatest gift anyone could have, and I wished her all the best. I felt my wife's arms come around me. I watched as she ran her fingers through little Edward's peach fuzz hair. "So, we have a son." "Yeah," I confirmed, as she took him from my arms. "He's beautiful." "He is." We went to the luggage carrousel to pick up my bag, and I had the distinct impression I was being watched. I turned to look around, but no one seemed to be actually looking at me. It still sent a shiver up my spine. The woman who had assisted me was standing close by and overheard Esme say, "Of all the souvenirs you could've brought me, I'd never have guessed a baby would be one of them." "I did bring you a music box," I joked, trying to shake away my nerves. "I think I like this one better," Esme said, as she kissed our son's head. I glanced around discretely again, still seeing no one suspicious, as I quickly collected my bag from the turnstile. I hurried my wife and new son out to our car, ready to head home, still unable to shake the odd sensation. I shook my head; convinced it was just the excitement of suddenly becoming a new parent that had my nerves on edge. I was certain that was all it was…