me and take my hand When the lights go out you will understand As I listened to the song, I moaned. "I thought so," he said, laughing. "I'll start slow with you." "Okay. What do I call you?" "Sir or Master. I'll let you choose." "Sir." "As you wish. Now, I'll be in complete control of you. There will be some slight pain, but nothing horrible. Pick a safeword. That's a word you'll say to me if anything becomes too much, and I'll stop. That is my promise to you." "Boyscout." "Boyscout? That's a strange one, but okay." "Remove your clothes, doll." His tone was no longer friendly; it was commanding. I liked it. "Yes, Sir." "You'll keep your eyes down at all times; you'll answer only when spoken to or given permission. You will come on command. If I tell you not to come—you don't. Do you understand, doll?" "Yes, Sir." He clipped a collar around my neck—snug, but not too tight—I liked that too. "What -" "Silence! You will not speak unless given permission. I won't punish you, this time, but the next time you break that rule you'll be spanked. Do you understand?" "Yes, Sir." "Lie down on the bed, doll." I lay down on the bed. He attached nipple clamps, telling me they were very gentle ones. I didn't care—the pain they caused was a thrill to me. For the first time, I felt something without worry of an emotional attachment. He told me to get on my knees and suck him off. So I did. He grabbed my hair, fucking my mouth as he pumped his hips. I was told not to touch him, to keep my hands behind my back or they'd be tied there. When he was about to orgasm, he pulled out of my mouth, for which I was thankful. He said if we continued a dom/sub relationship we would set boundaries as to what he was allowed to do to me. "Good girl, you know how to give great head. Very nice, doll. You may accept my compliment." "Thank you, Sir." "Lie down and open your legs." "Yes, Sir." I lay down on the bed as instructed. "I'm going to fuck you now. I'm putting on a condom—I always use them unless we make an agreement otherwise." I could hear the foil packet rip, and he slid it on his very large erection. Not as big as – don't go there. My eyes widened...how could he be hard again already? He laughed. "I can maintain an erection through several orgasms. It makes for a good time for everyone. Hard or soft, doll? I give you the choice this time." "Hard, please, Sir." "As you wish." He smiled as he spread my legs further apart and entered me in one quick thrust. He grabbed both my legs, throwing them over his shoulders, and rammed into me. After a few minutes he pulled off both nipple clamps—the pain traveled right to my abdomen, and I yelled out. "No sounds, doll. I'll let you get away with it this time." Tweaking my sore nipples, he sent more painfully pleasurable sensations through my body. My mouth opened, but I bit back the cries that tried to escape. "Good girl." He flipped me over and entered me from behind, holding me by my hips. "Touch yourself, doll. But don't come." I touched myself, feeling the familiar tightening and butterflies, but I pulled back so I wouldn't orgasm. I was panting hard—we both were. "You've been such a good little doll. I'm going to reward you now. Come for me." I exploded. Afterward, we stood by the door of my hotel room. "How does this work? How often can we do this? You were right. Pain is much better than the numbness." "What's your name?" "Izzy." "Izzy, we can make an arrangement. A few times a week if that suits. I have a full time sub right now, but I do side jobs when I see a good candidate for grooming. The only thing is—I don't like to deal with jealous boyfriends or ex's." "That won't be a problem." "Oh? How about the bronze-haired, young man down in the lobby that seems to be tearing his hair out? I saw him in the bar earlier, too." I drew in a sharp breath. Edward was here? He was following me around? "He's nobody. Just some guy that keeps stalking me. He'll give up after a while—they always do." "Alright then. I'm Jack, and I'll meet all your pain needs, Izzy." "I know you will." I smiled as we shook hands and exchanged contact information. After he left, I spoke out loud, knowing Edward would hear me. "Go home, boyscout. You're in over your head. As you can see, I've found what I'm looking for," I said harshly. Bad-ass Izzy was back in business. I lit up a joint and kicked back in the chair playing my new favorite song which Jack had transferred to my iPod. I closed my eyes, singing along. Pain, without love Pain, I can't get enough Pain, I like it rough 'Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all... Something wet ran down my cheek, and I swiped it away quickly. Soon, there was a trail of tears dripping down my face as a pair of golden eyes haunted my mind. Vampires couldn't hear tears fall, could they? No, I didn't think they could. Goodbye, boyscout. A/N: Because I just can't stop myself...I will be continuing this into a full length story. You will notice that there are ends that have not been tied up (such as James) and that is on purpose (and because this novella weighed in at almost 17,000 words!). If you want to be notified when this story is continued, please add it to alerts. Check out my photobucket album to see the banners for this story. Mega thanks to Julie for the great work! URL on my profle!