and I helped her collect it again. I could not meet her eyes, for I feared what I might see in them. She would most likely not want anything to do with me for some time, if ever again, after I had taken her in such a way and without thought. I had not even prayed. I had said a prayer every single time I had bedded my wife. The first time, it was a plea for her to not be hurt – for her trust in me and pleasure for herself. Since the first time, when she expressed her desire for my children, I had prayed for my seed to find purchase – to start my child growing inside of her. There was little else I wanted more than to see her belly swell and knowing my child grew within her. Now, I was afraid of what I would see when I looked at her. Pain? Fear? Distrust? Would she ever again welcome my touch after how I had behaved? "Forgive me, Isabella." With great pain, I met her eyes. She seemed…stunned. Perhaps I would have a chance to beg for her forgiveness. Again. "I never intended to be so…so…quick with you." "Edward," her quiet voice spoke to me. She shook her head slowly as she reached up and laid the palms of her hands against my cheeks. She moved forward, her lips brushing softly over mine. "There is no reason for your apology." "I was rough with you," I insisted. "I am not injured," came her reply. "I did not…I was not even thinking of your needs." "Yet you met them anyway." The memory of my mouth muffling her cries as her body shuddered around me washed over my thoughts. She had not only allowed me to take her in such a way, she had embraced it. As I looked into her eyes again, it was clear to me that she spoke nothing but the absolute truth. She was not angry with me – not for the rough way I took her or the openness of the location. She accepted it, and she accepted me, with the same quiet manner she had accepted all my flawed ways. My heart clenched as if an iron-clad fist held it within its grasp, and the sensations of her touch on my skin ran through my body – bringing me to further calm. It was as if there was a direct line from the tips of her fingers over my jaw to the darkest places inside of my mind, forcing them away with her light. How could I not love her, this woman who could bring me this peace? Not just allow the peace to exist, but to bring me back from the place inside my mind where I was driven so often against my will. She had saved me. My hand reached up to touch her cheek, stroking slowly across her delicate, pale skin as I leaned forward and gently kissed her. My heart still beat rapidly in my chest and I still felt tight and clenched there, though the feeling was not completely unwelcomed. I knew what it was. I loved her. I tightened the drawstring on my trousers and adjusted my belt, which aggravated my left hand and wrist. I made a fist with it, flinching slightly as I did. It was painful, but not unbearable and already appeared better than it had been before. I turned back to Isabella and kissed her softly near her ear. "I am undoubtedly the luckiest man to ever live," I told her. "I promise I will make this up to you tonight." "There is no need," she said to me, still out of breath. "I shall do it anyway," I informed her. That night, I was determined to make good on my promise and take her to the brink of ecstasy many times before I took my own pleasure. It was entirely possible I went overboard in my efforts, and as my wife cried out my name for the fourth time, she started begging me to finish with her before she lost all her senses. I chuckled, nuzzling my nose against her sweet smelling neck and teasing her still with my fingers. "Please…Edward… please !" "Please what?" I whispered hot against her ear. "Tell me what you desire, my wife." "I…I want you…please." "What do you want?" I teased. "Tell me what you want me to do." "Oh…Edward," she sighed as her skin turned a deeper shade of pink. "I want you inside of me… please do not wait any longer." I was only too pleased to oblige, slowly pushing inside of her and gently rocking back and forth until I could feel the tension locking through my legs. I let myself go with a long moan, looking up to the roof of the room and silently praying. Lord God, our Father…please, bless my wife. Let her become with child…please, if it is your will…let me father her child tonight. Amen. I listened to her breathing as it slowed and sucked at the skin near the base of her neck. Her skin was so soft in that one place, and I was drawn to it repeatedly. I reached out with my tongue to taste her once before I raised myself up on my arms to get my weight off of her. I looked down into her beautiful brown eyes to find her smiling up at me. A beautiful, unassuming smile that simply gave my universe meaning. And that was when I knew I would spend my life making sure Isabella was happy. Outtake End Notes: Thank you so much for reading! If you've ever enjoyed my stories, please consider supporting me as an indie author, even if it's just to tell others about me. I really appreciate everyone's support! I miss my fanfic days! Come find me on facebook and the like – just check my profile for the links! 3 -Savage