into wanting to just shoot someone or put our heads into paper bags. Too much? Perhaps, but at this moment in time we didn't necessarily care as we were too busy feeling greatly uncomfortable. Finding the office wasn't all that hard. Getting our schedules wasn't difficult either as the lady behind the desk automatically knew who we were. Okay, that's a little creepy, but then again with the way Charlie raves about us, it's only natural that people recognize who we are. Though it is a bit embarrassing that we're so easily pin pointed around here. Of course, that shouldn't come as a surprise since we're actually new to this school and no one has really seen us around for quite some time. Well, Bella hasn't been – the last time I was here was two years ago so someone outta be able to recognize me easily. However, when one of the kids ran right up to us and introduced himself as Eric I knew that Bella was also recognizable. Of course, when he said that we were both big news I think I almost fell over with the urge to laugh hysterically. Cuz, really, there is no way that we could be news! "Uh...thanks, but no," I stated as he said he wanted to do a column in their school newspaper. Bella I could tell was on the verge of panic. I had to cut that before it started. Eric deflated. "Oh...sorry. Guess we'll think of something else." Unfortunately, he is going to have to because as much fun as that sounds, Bells and I do not want to be in a school newspaper. It's not our thing. "You both seemed like such a good story." Maybe, but it's not one that needs to be told to the entire school. Besides, I know how uncomfortable the th0ught is to my sister. I'm not being a bitch. Someone else might think I am, but whatever. Bells flushed, I'm pretty sure she was irritated by this whole thing. I found her irritation a little bit amusing. Hell, she gets a kick out of my temper so I figure that maybe I could get a kick out of hers. It's only fair after all – especially when Eric decided to be our guide for the school and personally escorted us to the lunch room. Fantastic. Eric introduced us to Jessica, Angela and Mike Newton. I'm not sure how I felt about Jessica or Mike. Don't know why, but I got the oddest feeling with them around and it wasn't exactly pleasant. Then again, it might just be because I don't know them whatsoever. Anymore I don't trust people. It's not really their fault, it's just how I am now at days. I am working on it. I'm not a cold hearted bitch necessarily, but I do find it so hard to open up to those that I don't feel comfortable around. "Kill it, Ang," Eric said. "We're not going to do the story." Angela frowned. "What are we gonna do?" I think I should give these guys some ideas. That way they don't look so depressed. "You could do eating disorders in teenagers. Underage drinking." I pipped up with Bella nodding along. "Hell you could do something on suicidal tendencies. Or even teenage pregnancy." I think those last two were rather inspirational for a news topic. And were big things within this country. "Those are good ideas..." Angela piped up with a smile. Sitting there talking with Angela about these topics, I froze a little as a chill ran down my spine. It was like someone had dumped a bucket of ice water on me. The feeling I had gotten several times before in my past and it just rang out danger. I'm not entirely sure if it's a good kind of danger or a bad one. At this point it could go either way. At least until I get a view of whoever or whatever is giving me that feeling. Nope. Nope. Nope. Doesn't matter. I don't like that feeling. It's making my instincts go nuts. That's not good either. It really is cause for concern because not much anymore would cause that to happen. Only a moment later did I find out what was causing me to suddenly be on guard. This is not good. Five people came in...two couples and one lone male. None of them are human. That's even more cause of concern since I hadn't been around the supernatural in about five or six years so in all honesty I am not sure how to react to this that won't bring any unwanted attention to myself. Oh boy, this might not be good… o~O~o A/N: Yup, there we go the edited version of this chapter. Yeah, I took down all the other chapters since I am going to edit them as well. Take out stuff, add in some other things and basically fix all the mistakes that I can possibly find. I will say this, there won't be much changed in the way of the plot. I am keeping some thing secret because if I gave too much away in this story then it would ruin the other parts to this series. I know, I know that that will tick someone off, but frankly, I don't care if someone gets pissed at me for this. Yes, I am trying to keep some mystery in this story. As for the tags, they aren't being changed either mostly because the two tags 'humor/romance' are just two of all that encompasses this story. So if you think that this is all misleading then keep in mind that there's a lot being shoved in here: Dark, Angst, Tragedy, Mystery, Supernatural and all that other jazz. Yeah, so I stuck with 'Humor/Romance'. ANYWAY. The point is – Don't like, don't read. If you do like this story, then please relax as I go about revising the other chapters and posting them up.