of the ocean provided. "Wow, so you and Alice are five years apart? So, tell me, Masen, why doesn't your sister talk about you?" she asked as she sipped her coffee. "I'd guess it's because we're not close. Alice would probably refer to me as a self-absorbed ass who only makes time for family two weeks a year, but…actually, that's really none of your business. Why do you know your way around my sister's kitchen?" he asked as he saw her go to the freezer and rummage around. "Do you like pork, beef, or chicken, or are you one of those lame-ass vegetarians? I cook here for your sister because she can't boil water. They pay me to cook and do light housekeeping. I've been here since the first of the year, having graduated in December. "Carlisle and Olivia really didn't want me in DC for the past six months, so they sent me down here to live. I got bored, and when I watched your sister burn hamburgers on the grill, I walked over and had a convo with her, and ta-da…I'm the cook and light housekeeper. "I was supposed to be in Spain with my sister, which was why I couldn't take care of the place while they were gone, but Rosalie actually eloped with some doofus. The two of them took the trip instead of me. Mommy and Daddy aren't happy with her at the moment," Bella volunteered as she turned to wait for his answer. "Um, I'm not a vegetarian, but I can…" Edward began as she jumped over in front of the waffle iron and flipped it over. He watched her go back to the freezer, removing two vacuum packed pork chops and placing them on the counter. She then reached under the island and pulled out a large bowl. She quickly pulled out the bacon from the skillet and placed it on paper towels, after which she flipped the waffles out of the iron and made him a plate. She retrieved butter and syrup from the fridge, placing it in front of him and then she grabbed silverware for him. "Eat…eat…eat. Um, do you like sweet potatoes or white potatoes?" she asked as she seemed to root through the vegetable bin, pulling out a russet and a sweet potato, looking to him for an answer. Edward cut into the waffles, and he closed his eyes at their goodness. He hadn't seen her put any spices in them, but they tasted delicious to him. He watched her take one in her hand, bite into it, and then she went to the sink and washed her hands, quickly opening the pork chops and placing them in the bowl. "You don't have to cook for me," he told her as he continued to consume the decadent food in front of him. "I know. I just like cooking, which would actually have been my chosen profession except my parents wouldn't tolerate a daughter who cooked for a living. Working as a short-order cook was never anywhere in their demands of what was expected of me. It's the one thing I enjoy, and they hate it. It makes me common, in Olivia's opinion," she replied as she began pouring many liquids into a measuring cup and whisking furiously. Edward finished his breakfast and moved his dishes to the sink to rinse them and load the dishwasher. He'd only been eating carryout during his time at his sister's place, though he'd gone out one night for a nice quiet dinner. The prospect of having someone else cook for him appealed greatly, so he decided to tender his own offer. "Um, if you enjoy cooking, I'll pay you what Alice does to cook for me and do light housekeeping. Just tell me what it is," he remarked as he finished loading the dishes and washed the syrup from his hands. "A thousand dollars a week," she called as she poured the marinade into the large bowl and turned the pork chops in it, ensuring they were covered completely. At her proclamation, he choked on his own saliva. "Um, she does ?" he asked with wide eyes. He knew his sister wasn't domestic, but it seemed pretty incredible she'd pay the young woman that much money to cook and clean for them. Even for Alice, that was over the top. "Jeez. No wonder she doesn't speak of you. You're the dimwitted member of the family, aren't you? She pays me two-hundred dollars a week. I cook them breakfast and dinner and take care of simple housecleaning, including laundry. What do you do for a living?" she asked as she washed her hands again and then reached into a drawer pulling out plastic wrap and covering the bowl only to return it to the refrigerator. Once again, the young woman had taken him off guard. "I'm a consultant in DC. I'll pay you what my sister pays you," he responded in the fog she'd created around him. "On what do you consult?" she asked as she closed the fridge door and began running water in the sink to clean the pans and waffle iron. For reasons Edward Masen would never understand, the young woman had him spellbound. She was quite beautiful, as he'd observed more closely than he felt he should, and she had a wit about her that kept him off-kilter. He hadn't been so confused by a woman ever in his life. "I shepherd nominees through the political-approval process. It's a lot more boring than it sounds," he answered. " Really ? Because, I've gotta tell you, watching paint dry would be a lot more exciting than that," she answered as she dried a skillet and replaced it from where she'd retrieved it. He could only laugh because he tended to agree with her. Watching paint dry was probably a lot more exciting than what his profession entailed, and the fact she'd called him on it impressed him very much. \\\