was going nowhere, he wouldn't let it, in fact he thought he should leave and now. The spirit wolf that shared his body had other ideas, he wanted to spend more time with this small woman, he was intrigued in a way that Jacob had never felt before. He shook his head get a grip he told himself Alpha's don't fucking imprint so it can't be that, besides he had a girl back on the Rez. The wolf growled at the mention of Laylah for some reason he did not approve of her but Jacob enjoyed her company and that was all that mattered for now. Jacob felt the eyes of his pack upon him they too had seen and felt his fascination with Bella. That was it he snapped and immediately Alpha ordered them all to fuck off. They instantly obeyed and left, Bella's friends following. They had also noticed the attraction between Bella and Jake. "Maybe this is the night Bella finally gets to pop her cherry" laughed Suzette as they walked towards the reception area. "Only if he passed that damn test of hers though" giggled Jess in response. On her way back Bella noticed the girls had vanished. What time was it? She thought, she could hardly focus on her watch. Time for bed girlie she told herself. She straightened up as best she could and managed to walk reasonably straight to the table where Jacob sat waiting. She mumbled a little prayer that she would not do her usual clumsy act and fall down. Bella made it to the table in one piece leaned over to grab her things from underneath and practically fell into Jakes lap. Embarrassed Bella's little hands grabbed onto him to steady herself and he laughed deep and throaty at her antics. Bella grabbed her wrap and made to get away blushing hard Oh my god I've practically groped him by accident she thought her face on fire from the blush. Jake jumped up and grabbed her arm holding her upright. "Come on" he said "Let me walk you to your room." Bella tried to pull away she needed to get away from him before she did anything to embarrass herself further, but stumbled again. "No you don't" laughed Jacob as he held on to her saving her from a tumble to the ground "You can't even stand up let alone walk you're that drunk." "I'm…I'm not drunk…" Bella slurred "I'm just a little tired that's all." She stood on tip toes so she could look straight into his eyes "After all" she continued "You have had the same number of drinks as me and you don't even look tipsy...why is that?" She cocked her head to one side there was something odd about Jake but she couldn't quite put her finger on it… "I hold my drink better than you do light weight." he laughed as he started to propel her towards the door. Bella was getting feisty now "What do you mean light weight!" she almost shouted but Jacob just laughed "Come on get in the elevator" he ordered and for some reason she couldn't fathom Bella obeyed. They stood together in the elevator; Bella had placed herself slightly to one side still annoyed that he had called her a lightweight. She felt him step closer and she could have sworn he sniffed her on the sly; she shivered as she felt his hot breath near her neck. But Bella was mortified yet again that evening as she thought that maybe she didn't smell particularly fresh and oh god Jake had noticed. It was then that she had her craziest idea of the evening so far. Two can play that game she thought and trying to be sneaky she sniffed Jacob back. Oh boy she wished she hadn't because he smelt like nothing she had come across before. He smelt woodsy and musky and well just damn right manly and dear god she thought… sexy. It set off feelings she never knew she had. As she closed her eyes to the effect his scent was having on her body she felt him place an arm around her waist and pull her close. Bella dared to open her eyes and looked up into his deep brown ones. God he was handsome… she gasped to herself mesmerised by his gaze for a few fleeting moments broken only by the elevator door suddenly opening. She pulled away from him then as she turned to say goodnight she nearly over balanced practically falling out of the lift. Jacob laughed out loud he had such a sexy throaty laugh. Bella felt her feet suddenly leave the floor as she was lifted up and carried along the hall way. "Which room Bella?" He asked "Number 673" she replied. I need to get down and off him Bella thought but her body refused to budge it liked what it felt. Once again she noticed the warmth radiating off him like it had all evening but being this close, he felt like he had a raging temperature. She also felt that buzz of electric every time their skin touched. Jacob lowered Bella to the floor slowly sliding her down his front. Then as Bella opened the door, he grabbed her hesitating for a moment before his lips locked with hers. That kiss reached all the way down to that special secret place in Bella and tingled. As she responded he deepened the kiss even more. "Bella…" he groaned "I could kiss you all night." Her body felt like it was on fire and what Bella did next shocked her to her core but she didn't care she wanted more… "Well why don't you then?" she whispered surprised at herself for even suggesting it. Not missing a beat Jake lifted her up and carried her into the room kicking the door shut with his foot as we went. A/N: well, well …what do you think …worth continuing? Xxx