holidays. Phil was thinking of taking a cruise this year before he got sick." I stopped moving for a moment at the thought of Phil. I had been so caught up in the wonder of Forks, I had forgotten about the man who was my father for over twenty years. I felt Edward's fingertips lift my chin. "It's okay to grieve for him and still be happy you're here. That's what he wanted, right?" "Yes, that's what he said." "Come on. Let's grab our coats. I want to show you something." I nodded and Edward led us off the dance floor to retrieve our coats. "Where are we going?" I asked while we were bundling up. "A surprise." We ducked into a hallway that led to a back entrance. We walked out into the snow and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. "I wanted to ask you earlier, but there wasn't enough time." "Edward. This is so …" There weren't words to describe what I felt in that moment. A horse drawn sled covered in white twinkling lights and Emmett at the helm was ready to ride. "I wanted our first date to be memorable. Would you want to take a ride with me?" "Yes!" I turned and wrapped my arms around his neck. He lifted me up and swung me around in circles. "Come on, little lady," Emmett yelled. "There's blankets and hot chocolate to keep you warm back there." Edward helped me up into the sled before stepping in himself. We got the blanket tucked around us before Emmett took off. "And to think, I was just going to ask you over for dinner." "You were?" Edward slipped his arm around my shoulders and brought me in closer. "I was going to ask you this morning after the cinnamon rolls, but everything happened and I didn't. Now I'm glad I never had the chance. This is perfect, Edward." "I had some help, but this …" He pulled a sprig of mistletoe from his pocket and held it above his head. "This was all my idea." He leaned in and caressed his chilled lips with my own. Within seconds, all thoughts of the cold were gone. It was hard to get a hold of his hair with my thick gloves, but he got the message and kicked the kiss up a notch. I secretly prayed that Emmett would take us to Edward's place. If my entire body felt like it was on fire from just his kiss, I could only imagine the inferno he'd create when his touch landed elsewhere. Something cold and wet fell on my overheated cheek. Edward slowed us down and we pulled back from the kiss to find it was snowing. He smiled and place three soft pecks on my lips. "Wishes do come true." ### Three years later Bella I reclined into Edward's arms while we sat on the couch at my dad and Sue's house. We had just finished the one Christmas tradition we'd started when I came back to Forks: family snowball fight. While Sue cooked Christmas breakfast, Dad, Seth, Leah, Edward, and I let the snow fly. It was some kind of miracle that we had a white Christmas three years running. "You warm enough?" Edward asked then kissed my neck below my ear. "I am now." Kisses from my husband of two years were a sure fire way to heat me up in an instant. "How about a present before we eat," Seth asked. "I have one I want Dad to open." I sat up and reached for the small present I had set on the coffee table. I handed it to my dad as Sue sat on the arm of his recliner. "It's for the whole family, but we wanted Dad to open it." Suspicious as always, my dad shook the gift next to his ear then felt its weight in his hands. Sometimes the best gifts came in small packages. He tore the paper away and opened the box. Sue gasped the second she saw it. "I couldn't find the exact snowflake ornament, so I made it to look as close to yours as possible." He pulled the ornament out of the box and let it dangle from his finger. "Bella." He stood and walked to where I sat. I took the hand he offered and he pulled me up into his arms. "I love you. Thank you for making my wish come true." Edward came up behind me and put his hand on my back. "She made all our wishes come true, Chief." "That she did." He moved over to the tree and placed the ornament with the sonogram picture in the center right next to mine. "I hope you can make some more of these. I'd like to see this tree full of pictures of my grandkids." "Sure, Dad." It might take a while, but between Leah, Seth, and I, I knew dad would get his wish. Author's Note : Again, thanks to all who reviewed and voted in the contest. I'm looking forward to entering more contests and writing some more stories. Some who reviewed for the contest want to know what happened to Renee and if I would continue the story. I'm thinking about it. It wouldn't be too much since I see this Edward and Bella pretty happy, but getting a little more closure might be nice. If you would like to read more of this story, please put it on alert. I have a few that I've been working on for a while, but haven't gone through a beta yet. They might be short stories, but they will have a HEA. The one I plan on posting soon is called "Reality Imagined". What happens when Edward needs a temp job while healing from an injury? He goes to work as a fantasy engineer, talking dirty to ladies over the internet three nights a week. Keep an eye out for it. Sammie