Bella, don't fight me," Renata pleaded as Bella started to struggle, and it was one of the most heartbreaking things Bella could ever imagine hearing. "We don't want to risk you hurting yourself." Knowing that Bella would be quite a handful if she were to start fighting them for real, Corin raked a nail across the man's neck, drawing blood. The second the man's blood started to drip-thankfully only landing on the stone floor and not anything that could stain-Bella's pupils dilated and her breathing became erratic. Both of the older vampires knew that if Renata let her go, she'd probably drain the man dry in a heartbeat. Still, for some strange reason-maybe the mating bond-Bella still didn't struggle against Renata. And since Renata didn't want to let her go due to her own selfish desire, Corin was the one to bring the man's wound to Bella's mouth. From the moment the man's blood touched Bella's tongue, a taste like no other seemed to explode in Bella's mouth. She latched onto the man, teeth burying into flesh, making the wound bigger. Blood splattered everywhere as Bella tore into the man, drinking greedily, the burning in her throat finally quenched. Soon, there was no blood left in the man, and Bella let his body fall to the floor. "Damn, is that a good look on her," Corin purred, turned on by the ferocity and bloodthirstiness that her mate had displayed. "Corin," Renata said in warning as the other woman stalked over to Bella and climbed onto the girl's lap. "Be careful. She'll come back to herself soon, and her emotional distress will most likely be heightened." "Yeah, yeah, I know," Corin said, rolling her eyes before leaning towards the newborn. She then made a big deal of cleaning the excess blood off of Bella with her tongue, purring as she did so. Had Bella been fully conscious of what was happening, she would have most likely been turned on, squirming, and confused as all fuck. Instead, however, the newborn was lost; lost inside of her own head. " Victoria," Bella whimpered in terror as she struggled to get away, despite knowing how useless it was. " Shut up!" The woman's voice a high screech, the redhead lashed out, breaking another of Bella's bones. Her eyes brightened with glee at the human girl's screams, delighting in her pain. "Your mate killed mine, and now you shall be the one to pay." " He's not my mate," Bella sobbed, desperate. While it had been true she had wanted to die after they left her, she hadn't wanted to die in such a pathetic and agonizing way. "Please…!" " Don't lie," Victoria spat, grabbing Bella by a mangled leg, nails digging gouges into the human's flesh. She dragged the girl towards her, then focused on the human's hand-or, more specifically, the scar that her mate had made. Purring at the last reminder of her love, Victoria grabbed the girl's wrist, brought the hand to her mouth, and bit, right where James had bitten over a year earlier. Bella didn't even have the ability to scream anymore as fiery pain started burning through her veins. However, she did have the strength to look up. Her gaze met the red eyes of a beautiful black haired woman from where she stood behind Victoria, and she had a moment of thankfulness that the last thing she saw would be something so beautiful. Then, everything faded to black. "Bella? Bella? Are you okay?" Renata asked anxiously when their mate still hadn't returned to them. Corin had also stopped licking, instead grabbing Bella by the face and trying to search the brunette's eyes as she lightly slapped the girl's cheek to snap her out of whatever trance she was in. Bella blinked, and life suddenly returned to her eyes, followed by a haunted shadow. She turned to look at Renata without so much as jostling Corin, dazed and awed. "I...I remember my turning," Bella whispered, and Renata's heart broke as she remembered the horrible and brutal scene. A scene she truly wished she could wipe from Bella's mind forever. "You were there." "Yes," Renata said in agreement, stroking Bella's face with her fingertips. "I was going to die. Victoria was going to kill me," Bella whispered. "But she wanted me to suffer first. Wanted me in agony, broken in every way possible." So wrapped up in the memory, she didn't notice the way Corin's hands had fisted in her hair, or the dark, furious look that flashed across Corin's face. If she had been there...if Corin had been there, she would have made sure Victoria had suffered for what she had done. There would have been no mercy. "But you saved me. I remember, the last thing I saw…" Unconsciously, Bella reached out to touch Renata's face. "I was happy; that the last thing I saw wouldn't be Victoria, but someone so beautiful." Renata's eyes were bright with pain as she remembered how close Bella had been to death when they had found her. Even the fact that her mate had called her beautiful wasn't enough to calm her. "I'm sorry," Corin blurted, hating that she hadn't gone with them. She buried her face in Bella's neck, shaking with how furious she was. If she hadn't said no to going, simply out of laziness, she would have been there to take care of her mate. "I'm sorry I wasn't there with you. For you." Bella, startled by the easygoing woman's change in attitude, could think of nothing to do but to put her arms around Corin in comfort. "It's okay," Bella whispered, and in that moment, it was. Just by being surrounded by Corin's wild blueberry and pine scent on one side and Renata's apples and cinnamon on the other, Bella felt a peace envelop her that she wasn't sure she had ever felt before. That's right. For some strange, unknown reason, these two women made her feel complete.