distracted, my knees fell apart, slowly spreading my legs around his. He started to help me out of my shirt, and I started wondering if he was going to let me win, or if he was just clueless. My breasts pressed against him, a sufficient distraction while I readied myself to push his boxers down before he even knew what was going on. It was a long shot—he had lightning-fast reflexes—but I wasn't familiar with how this kind of passion could render his senses. I was hoping it was potently. I kissed him, my pulse beating into his body. I couldn't deny my overactive heart anymore. I knew he heard it, felt it . . . It was then loudest noise in between the broken silence between us. Something struck me then—in order to make him lose, I would also need to test my own control. I wasn't sure I could do it. We would both end up with a prize in the end. I pushed down, taking him in my hands and feeling him tense up. He gasped when I rubbed up and down, but quickly guided my hands away. It was too much for him, I knew. His lips kissed my breasts, but I was focused on something else. My hands put him against me. I felt the hardness against where I wanted it to be, and I had to work to control myself. Okay. Breathe, Bella. I wasn't exactly giving up, just playing to my advantage. Yeah, that was it. My fingers clawed down the sides of his face, and if he weren't a vampire, it would've left angry scratch marks—maybe even taken some skin off. Luckily, he was made of something close to soft stone. His skin felt like skin, only colder, but I was allowed to let my frustrations out without injuring him. Thank God. That thought echoed in my mind as the heel of my foot dug into his back. I whimpered, resisting the urge to groan his name again or say something very inappropriate. Deep breaths. The oxygen wouldn't fill my lungs enough, so I choked on the air as soon as he pulled away. I rocked back and forth, desperate for more friction. "Yes," I panted. "Ah—don't—" He froze. "Don't? Don't what?" He was suddenly very concerned, as if he could've done something wrong. "Don't stop, E-Edward, don't—stop," I groaned into his neck. He picked up speed without hesitation, possibly realizing my need or maybe his own. Both, perhaps. I could almost guarantee I lost, though, because I was seconds alway from imploding and he seemed fevered but still sane. He breathed heavily, I gasped. He whispered my name, encouragements, small chuckles, while I moaned every incoherent noise and unintentional sound that would release from my mouth without permission. I was just about to plead with him before he started to lower himself into me all the way. I gasped, and he pressed further, halfway inside me. He kissed me, but I barely concentrated on our lips moving together. Every nerve in my brain focused on our lower bodies and the side show that was going on down there. My back arched when his length slipped all the way, enjoying the feel of my warm flesh conflicting with the coolness of him, that somehow turned back into heat when my body threatened to come. The symbolic way that we were literally one made me blush with happiness and pride and unconditional love for him. I convulsed around him. He pulled out and thrusted back in, grazing my sensitive spot. I whimpered. My mouth trembled, and I brushed my fingers against his arm. He shivered, trying to hold his control together as well. I wanted him to stop trying. He went slowly, intensifying my feelings for him and well as the ones burning inside me. "I love you," I whispered against his mouth. Now go . His eyes burned into mine. "I love you." He grinned crookedly and kissed me again. Harder now. I curled around him and soon it was too much and I fell over the edge. I moaned so loud I had to cover my mouth with my hand, but he already heard it. It sent him off, too, and he exploded into me, helping ride out the last highs that would pass as soon as they came. He groaned against my shoulder. Mmm. My breaths were long and heaving, but starting to slow and I relaxed on top on him. The tingling feeling lingered as I felt him in between my legs. "So who won?" I narrowed my eyes. "That's all you're thinking about?" "Of course not," he chuckled. "My mind can process much more than yours at one time." I rolled my eyes. "Give me a minute. Human, remember?" "How could I forget?" His arms tightened around me. I felt like groaning again, but this time it wouldn't be fueled by frustrated passion. I was just so damn happy. "Are you good?" I wondered, hoping it was as amazing for him. "Never better," he breathed. "That was . . ." He didn't finish his thought. "I know." I curled myself around him and pulled up the sheets so we were in our own little bubble. "So?" He poked my rib very gently. "Um, no. I don't think you won." He grinned. "Fine, I'll give it to you." "No," I said. "I didn't really win, either." I laughed nervously. "A tie?" he suggested. I nodded. That sounded fair. "So what happens now?" We didn't talk about what exactly happened after. "The winners should be rewarded," he said thoughtfully. "Relax. Don't move. Let the other person do the work." He smirked, and my heart jolted. "Ladies first." His lips crushed against my neck and then my collarbone, and I sighed. His hands slipped down my naked body, massaging my hips and my back. I gripped his hair, slowly processing what was going on. I grinned to myself. I liked ties.