Her boxes had already been placed in her room and her parents and she had agreed that she would focus on her bathroom and bedroom first. She had school on Monday whereas both of her parents wouldn't start work until Wednesday, both at Forks Community hospital, so they could spent more time resting than she and Leila. Sophia felt somewhat relieved when she remembered she had already been enrolled in Forks High School by her father last time he visited the house to oversee the renovations. It was weight falling off of her shoulder as it would be one less thing for her to take care of. "Okay, Soph, you can start with your bedroom and bathroom. Your father and I will start downstairs." Bianca said as she took her youngest daughter by the hand, walked over to the couch and sat Leila on it with a drawing book and some crayons for her entertainment. "Is that so?" her father asked with an eyebrow raised, arm crossed and a smirk on his face. Bianca simply looked at her husband, copied his stance and said with a mocking version of his voice, "Yes, it is." Leila and Sophia laughed loudly at their parents and it wasn't long before they too joined their amused daughters. For a little while they simply laughed, teased and joked around with each other before they knew it was time to go to work. However a knock on their door stopped them once again and Sophia moved to open it. She turned the doorknob and stood aside as the two people in front of the door came in view. "Hey, we came to help." Charlie Swan said with a lazy, slightly awkward wave. His left hand had been placed on the handle of the wheelchair the long-haired man sat in. He was wearing simple clothes, a red shirt and some jeans, and looked positively excited to see all of them. "Well, he came to help. I'm just here for moral support." Billy Black said while pointing at his wheelchair with the biggest grin on his face, making all four Ainsleys and his best friend laugh once again. Sophia grinned and jumped at Charlie, hugging the man tightly. "Uncle Charlie!" she said excitedly. The man wrapped his arms around her waist and returned her hug. The man was mostly a very awkward individual but he had always been extremely comfortable with the Ainsleys. Mainly because they had been friends for such a long time. He had held Sophia at her birth for heavens' sake and was her godfather as well as Sarah Black had once been her godmother which had made Billy family in its own right. There were many things Sophia loved about Forks and the fact that her family was here made her feel a completeness she hadn't felt in a while. "Well then, let's get to work, shall we? Otherwise this is going to take ages." Bianca said as she pushed the box Sophia had put back down on the floor to open the door back into her arms and softly pressing her towards the stairs. Sophia simply said nothing and made her way up towards her parent's bathroom. She pushed open the door with her foot- her hands were unavailable after all, and dropped the box down on the floor quite rudely. Then she turned and walked towards her bedroom. She opened the door and stepped inside all the while taking a good look at her surroundings. Her room had become beautiful. The once carpet covered floor was now made out of dark oak wood and the former beige walls had been painted a royal blue. The queen sized bed was made of the same oak wood her floor had been made and royal blue sheets that had little black figures on them along with the matching pillows were on the bed. It hadn't been made yet, but it was there. A soft, black rug was on the floor under her bed and two black chairs were in the corner with a small table by it. Her walls were covered by bookcases and as she looked at the boxes that read 'BOOKS' standing in the room she sighed as she immediately knew that it was going to be a lot of work getting the books where she wanted them. With that being said Sophia started working. She decided she had to get the books out of the way first because it would be the most work to do and so she started opening the boxes, grabbing the books and putting them on the bookshelves all the while sorting the books by author and alphabet. Time passed quickly and before she noticed it was already two PM. She had taken three hours. Then she finished the rest of her room and closet. Clothes were arranged by colour and her pictures were hung on the wall. Slowly, but surely the end seemed to be in sight. She was working with such concentration that she didn't hear or notice anyone moving upstairs until she heard the knocking on her door. Charlie took a few steps into her room and nodded. "It's looking good, kiddo." He said, taking a good look around. Sophia smiled and thanked the man she had come to see as family. "Well, it's time for dinner. Alex told me to come get you. We ordered some Chinese." A grin appeared on her face. She loved Chinese. "Yeah, I'll be down in a bit." Charlie left, leaving Sophia to take one last look around her room, grab the folded boxes and head downstairs while throwing said boxes on the pile created at the front door. She walked into the living room, which had a dining table too, and took a seat next to her little sister and father. As she took a look at the people sitting at the table she couldn't help but smile as a comforting feeling swept over her. She was home.