just fortunate that the man never noticed. (He tried to do it when the other…man was out of ear shot.) Carlisle also believed in free will. Strongly. He was not one of those coven leaders who acted like a dictator. Each family member would always voice their opinion and they would decide together what the best option was. Furthermore, he always made it clear to every one of the newborns he created that they didn't have to stay with him. And Carlisle would never perform an operation or treatment against a patient's will, either. Still, Carlisle hated to see this woman, Mrs. Quincy, constantly return to her husband and his beatings. He asked, begged, pleaded, and demanded that she have her husband arrested. She refused, of course. Because it was "her fault." Carlisle had just about decided to call the police without her permission the next time she came in. He hated to force people like that…but Carlisle had to do something. Every time he saw this woman, and other woman like her, he thought of Esme's human life. He wondered how many of these injuries she suffered from as well back then. He hated himself for not checking on Esme while she was human again. Just once. To help her get out of that horrible situation. He needed to help Mrs. Quincy and other women like her, to make up for his mistake. Carlisle was incredibly relieved that Mrs. Quincy came in with the police chief this time. Especially when she saw how horrible her injuries were with the x – ray. She had finally called the police herself, thus saving Carlisle from an uncomfortable decision. Carlisle was more than happy to help Chief Swan in any way he could. He'd let him see her x – rays and even gave him a copy for the police report. Carlisle looked down at the huge ink stain on his white lab coat. It would be best to throw it away. His Esme could work magic with stains but a black ink stain on a white coat… that was too much for even her. Carlisle would simply buy another one. It wouldn't be the first lab coat he'd ruined because he was angry about a domestic violence case. Carlisle was just glad it was only a pen this time, especially with the police chief watching him. It w as possible for a man to break a pen if he squeezed it hard enough. Breaking his chair or desk in half might not be so easy to explain. OOOOOOOOOOOOO Carlisle threw away the lab coat before he left for the day and forced himself to walk out of the hospital in human speed. He was more eager than usual to see Esme tonight. Emmett, Jasper, and Edward were in the middle of another wresting match when he arrived home. Esme looked gorgeous, as always weeding her garden and taking care of her flowers. Carlisle had a feeling she was also outside to keep an eye on the boys. Esme knew they were indestructible, but she still like to assure her mother's heart they would be alright. "Hi sweetheart," he greeted her as he got out of the car. "Hi Carlisle," she smiled at him. She looked at his outfit. "Ruin another lab coat?" Carlisle sighed and looked at the ground. "Yes." It wasn't that big of a deal; he could certainly afford to buy another. But Carlisle didn't like it when his temper got the best of him like that. He tried to practice control. Esme got up and brushed the dirt off her clothes. (She didn't really need to. She looked gorgeous covered in mud, taking care of her flowers like she took care of everyone in their family.) Then she held out her hand. "Come with me." Esme always knew when he needed to talk to her. "So, what made you upset Carlisle?" she asked as they walked to their bedroom. The sound of the TV could be heard from the distance. Alice and Rosalie were probably watching something. "That woman who keeps coming in with bruises and injuries, Carol Quincy, came into today. With a broken arm that needed an operation. And broken ribs on both sides. Her husband's hurting her, Esme," he growled. Esme nodded. The growl didn't bother her. "And she reminded you of me," she concluded. They'd had enough conversations like this for her to know, Carlisle supposed. "Yes," he admitted. "I just think of you like that…and I wonder why I didn't…" " – Come back for me," Esme finished. She touched his cheek as they entered their bedroom. "Carlisle, we've talked about this before. That wasn't a good time in my life, but I don't blame you for something you couldn't have known about. And…I'm glad I had my baby, even if he did only live a couple of days." Carlisle shrugged. "I know, Sweetheart. It's just hard to deal with, when I see the physical evidence of what you would have gone through everyday back then. But it looks like Mrs. Quincy is going to be fine. She finally called the police. The police chief was with her today. He interviewed her and looked at her x – rays. I think the husband will get arrested." Esme smiled. "I'm glad women can arrest their husbands for hurting them these days." "Me, too." "Something good did come out it today, though, as angry as it made me. I mean, besides the fact that Mrs. Quincy will be away from her husband now. Police Chief Swan was…quite impressed with me, I guess." Carlisle shrugged. "I think that could be a good thing, to have the respect of a police officer, if we need it." He wasn't able to "lift his mask" completely around Chief Swan, of course. That was impossible. But at least the officer saw Carlisle enough to know he was a good doctor that could be trusted. Esme nodded. "You may be right."