you're desperate for girls. I can't believe Alice did this," I shook my head. I didn't know why she had set me up with this shy handsome guy. If he wanted a girl, he could get one easily. He was hot. Maybe he was gay and just hadn't told his family yet. "We can go back if you want. You don't have to stay with me," I offered sadly, wondering if I would still get paid. When I looked at his face, he looked panicked and shook his head no. "Do you want me to stay, or would you rather hang out here alone?" I asked. He started pressing his hand hard into his pockets, and his face was turning red. I think I was upsetting him. "I'll just go, then," I said, heading for the door. He obviously needed a minute to collect himself after I had attacked him. Ironically, I felt like such a whore. "NO!" he shouted and then covered his mouth with both hands, shocked he had spoken. I turned around, surprised. "You want me to stay?" I asked. He nodded yes vigorously, and I let out a sigh of relief. "Really? Because I'd like to stay," I said, worried I was pushing him. He pulled out a chair for me and sat down across from me. I could feel myself smiling, as I sat down with him. "I'm sorry I attacked you like that. I guess you get tired of pushing the girls off you. I mean, you're so handsome it should be illegal, and that hair," I said, my hands twitching. "I wish I could run my fingers through it." I looked at him and noticed he was looking down at his lap again. I pulled his chin up to look at me, and he was smiling softly. "Please, don't hide from me. You're too beautiful a man to hide." I ran my finger over his cheek and desperately wanted to get closer to him. I found myself scooting to the edge of my chair, and our knees bumped. I wanted to bump a lot more with him. "Can I kiss you?" I asked, suddenly happy I had been able to brush, floss and rinse before the wedding. I didn't usually kiss my customers, because it was too intimate, but dear god, I wanted his lips right now. He looked at my mouth with his good eye, and I licked my lips in anticipation. "Please say yes," I begged, and he nodded yes slightly. That was all I needed, and I was in his lap, kissing him like there was no tomorrow. I felt his hands gently touch my sides to hold me in place, as I kissed him thoroughly and played with his hair. The kiss was toe-curling. He took a moment to respond. I think he was not sure what to do, but I quickly showed him, and he got into it fast. I pulled back, and he rested his head on my shoulder. We were both breathing hard now. I leaned back with a wide smile. "Wow," was all I said, and he smiled. I slipped off of his lap, not really wanting to, but I knew I needed to take things slow. I sat back in my seat and took a deep breath, trying to regulate my breathing. "A…a…are you o…o…kay?" his timid, sweet voice spoke. That was the most he had said all evening. I smiled and nodded yes eagerly. "More than okay," I giggled a little, sounding like a stupid schoolgirl. I didn't even know where that had come from. Then the most beautiful thing happened. He smiled at me, a full-blow grin, with the most perfectly straight white teeth I had ever seen, and I was stunned with how truly strikingly handsome this man really was. My breath caught, and I could see a moment of uncertainty in his face, but I quickly dispelled it by climbing back into his lap and pulling his face to mine. "God, you're even more gorgeous when you smile. It makes my lady bits all giggly," I spoke, before I realized what I'd said. My eyes widened, and it was my turn to cover my mouth. He pulled my hand down and leaned in tentatively, kissing me softly. I moaned in pleasure and thought I would definitely be giving the girls a discount. I quickly started attacking his neck and ear, and I heard him groan and suddenly buck up against me. I felt his body stiffen for a second, but I started to grind my hips down and moaned against his lips. He finally loosened up and pressed and bucked against me, too. He surprised me, when he put me back in my chair and stood up suddenly. He cleared his throat and moved over by the window. He was breathing hard, and I felt bad for pushing him. "Sorry," I mumbled, not used to being with someone who would push me away. Everyone always seemed eager to get to the main event. Edward was a little more than confusing. He looked over at me sadly and shook his head. After a moment, he moved over to his seat again and sat down. "S…s…sorry," he whispered. I pulled his chin up so he could look me in the face. "Hey, there's nothing to be sorry about. I was the one pushing you." His cheeks lit up in the most adorable way. I leaned in, kissing them. "God, why are you so irresistible? You're just delicious. I just want you to take me home, so I can nibble on every piece of you," I whispered, nipping his earlobe. He jumped a little when I bit him, so I figured I'd better reassure him I wasn't really a cannibal. "I was joking, kind of. I mean, I wouldn't eat you," I said, looking into his eyes, "but I'd really love for you to take me home." He swallowed hard and nodded okay.