wanted you...I have always wanted Emmett, but he doesn't have what you have. He would have never become Governor or even Vice President without your help, I know it, you know it, and even he knows it. That is the only reason I stayed with you, prepped you, protected you for all these years." She lifts the divorce papers and flares her nostrils. "This is the thanks I get." "Rose, I will no longer stand in your way if you decide to pursue Emmett. It was selfish of me to stand in the way-" "Very selfish! God forbid someone else besides you is happy for a change," She screeches, and wipes at her tears. She signs the papers, straightens her back and tosses them to the ground at Edward's feet, tossing the pen along with them. "There're your papers, and your chances of becoming President have just been thrown out the window. Do us all a favor and make this a quick divorce. I don't want to be married to you even a second longer than I have to. You make me sick." "The feeling is mutual dear." Edward collects the papers, and stands, placing them on his desk. *O*o*O* Flashback I pick up the phone he had given me for our secret line and dial his number in order to tell him the 'good' news. "Governor McCarty has agreed to stop seeing Mrs. Cullen. Is there anything else that you require?" "No. That will be all." He says sounding distracted. Feeling dismissed, I sigh and slowly move my phone from my ear. My thumb hovers the end button when he speaks again. "Summer." He calls, and in a rush the phone is back to my ear. I sigh and close my eyes preparing for whatever he has to say. "Thank you. But I would have preferred if you had stayed out of it. You do not work for me Summer. You-" "So I'm good enough to be your fuck buddy, mistress-or whatever you consider me to be; but I'm not good enough to be your loyal employee and friend?"." "God damn it Bella you are not my employee, my fuck buddy or my mistress. You mean so much more to me than that and you know it." "But no one else does." I don't mean to start crying but the tears freely begin to flow from my eyes. "You have to know that-" "Don't cry, love." He sighs and I hear him curse, but he has moved the phone from his ear. I silently cry waiting for him to come back to the phone. "I know." He answers. "I know exactly what you are feeling, because I feel it too." *O*o*O* Present Time "Come between my relationship with Emmett again and I will talk. I will do a tell-all interview that will destroy the very fabric of your existence, as well as your whore's. I can play the victim baby. I am a phenomenal actress." "I am aware. You pretended to be happily married for years." Rosalie smirks and tilts her head to the side, glancing at me. "You won him, but what will you do when he loses the election?" "First, he will not lose the election; I will make sure he doesn't, second, even if he did, I will still love him." She shakes her head. "How does daddy dearest feel about your betrayal?" As if I have to explain anything to her. "Actually..." I glance up at Edward. "My father is looking forward to retirement. He will publicly announce his support for Edward tonight. Make sure you watch." I wink at her and watch her mouth fall open. *O*o*O* Flashback Two weeks ago Governor Emmett McCarty was announced as Senator Cullen's running mate. Everything with Governor McCarty was going according to plan all because he took my very professional advice seriously as it was a threat and a promise wrapped into one. Two weeks ago, Rosalie informed her father that Edward and I were having an affair as a way of backlash for stealing Emmett from her. Her father in turn gave Edward a choice: me or the Presidency. The same ultimatum I had given Governor McCarty. After hearing this news from James, I thought I had made the decision to cut all ties with Edward. He was our next President after all and I could not stand in his way. Could I? Just as I am opening my laptop the phone Edward gave me lights up with a text message. I glance down at it, and frown. Speaking of the devil. *Hilton at 7 today* *I'll be there. Anything else?* *O*o*O* Inhale the future Exhale the past. This is where past and present collide. Present Day Fixing Edward's tie, I ignore his intense gaze on my face. He shoves his groin area forward and wiggles allowing me to feel his erection. I grin and glance into his eyes as he does the same. "Stop that." I tell him. "You have a speech to make in less than ten minutes." "Then stop touching me. You're making my predicament a lot worse." I slap his suit-clad shoulder, and then sweep my hands around his suit knocking away invisible lint. Taking a step back to get a good look at him, I voice my opinion of his appearance, "You look damn good President Cullen." *O*o*O* The story is told backwards and forwards, the ending was also the beginning in a way. The text for Edward and Bella to meet at the Hilton was the beginning of the story told in Present Day, but the story sort of went in reverse telling how they got to that point. We wanted it to almost be like the movie momentum which is one of my favorite movies. It is confusing, but in the end the stories ties together as I hope we accomplished with this story. Thank you guys so much for reading and I really hope you enjoyed it. :)