not turning into a beast thingy fast enough, you old fart, Bella thought snarkily. It was a good thing she wasn't human right then, because she knew she would have said it out loud too, and then she'd get in a shitload of trouble for disrespecting an elder. Again. Billy hushed Quil Sr, then turned to Charlie expectantly. "Is she not going to shift back so we can talk? We have clothes for her." Charlie turned to me with a shrug, and I gave him the best awkward shrug I could in return. He then turned back to Harry and said, "She only turned about an hour ago, I don't think she can yet." "Of course she can't," Quil complained. "Just what we needed as our Alpha. Not only is she a girl, which is already unheard of, but it has to be someone as incompetent as this one as well." "You better not talk about my daughter like that," Charlie warned as I let out a low growl, daring him to say some more shit about me. "I don't know what I'll do in response." Quil Sr wisely shut up, and Harry was the one who took over. And the first thing he did was hold up a giant mirror to Bella's face. Bella nearly jumped back in shock, but wasn't about to give any of the old men the satisfaction. So instead, she froze herself and stared at her reflection in shock. She wasn't actually a monster; she was a wolf. A huge, furry wolf with a mix of white, silver, and black fur. Her face alone was bigger than half of her human body. And damn, was she gorgeous. Next time Quil speaks, all I have to do is sit on him. That's more than enough to shut him up, Bella thought in excited wonder. She started to pose, checking herself out from all angles, but reluctantly had to stop when Billy cleared his throat. "Right then," Billy said gruffly, and without further ado, launched into an explanation of exactly what had happened to Bella. How she had some kind of Native American blood running through her veins, most likely Quileute-which Bella knew, because otherwise she wouldn't have been adopted by someone who lived on the reservation-along with being retold the same boring legends about how the Quileute ancestors turned into wolves to fight off the Cold Ones, which were actually vampires. Oh, and that obviously both the wolf thing and the vampires were real, and that the Cullens were vampires too, and that them coming back to Forks was what triggered Bella's shift. Then they made sure to detail the treaty very carefully, repeating that all out war would happen if Bella were to break it, like they expected her to break the treaty just for the hell of it. Which was seriously rude; Bella hadn't started a fight for no reason for almost a year now. She could control herself...kinda. They also told her that she'd have a much more explosive temper from now on, with Quil Sr adding a snide, "Just what we need" that made Charlie scowl at him. They also made sure to remind Bella that this whole thing was very hush-hush, don't tell anybody or else secret, which Bella thought was stupid. She apparently wasn't even allowed to tell or warn those who are about to shift, which she would now recognize due to being told they'd go through the same fever thing that she did. Then, in came the big whopper. Now, Bella was stuck on the reservation to protect her tribe from vampires, basically until the end of time. Which really got Bella growling. How was she supposed to go after girls now? Hell, what happened to her plans for the future? Sure, she was still figuring out if she wanted to go to college or not, but she at least wanted to try being an exotic dancer for a lesbian club or something. You know, to do something freaking awesome and unusual, something the stuck up majority of the tribe would have a conniption at. It took a few minutes, and a few reminders that she'd probably get to kick ass for a living, for her to calm down about that one. The elders were either kind enough, or smart enough, to wait for her to settle herself down, but apparently weren't smart enough to wait before delivering the next big news. However, since Bella was the first to change, she would be the Alpha. At least until Jacob Black, that is, would be mature and willing to take over as Alpha of the pack instead. Damn it, Bella knew Jacob Black through and through. He was one of her best friends. And as one of his best friends, Bella knew that Jacob would never, and she meant never, become mature enough for this kind of thing. Hell, he was still so immature that he giggled like a little girl when she said things like "dick" "suck it" "fart bag" and even "I'll kick you so hard up the ass that I'll give you diarrhea for a month." Of course, Bella wasn't exactly Miss Mature either, but she was still the better option compared to Jake. Which meant this entire fucking pack thing was doomed. They were all going to die, probably without ever even catching sight of a vampire. Bella was just going to do something stupid like accidentally lead them off a cliff or some shit. "Think about it, she'd be a pretty good Alpha. She has some natural leadership qualities, the charisma-" Billy started to say, but Bella didn't want to hear any more of it. She was done. Well, not done with everything, just done listening to them. So she did what any mature, powerful, alpha dude would do. She ran into the forest to pout and complain like a little girl. Or, you know, like a two to three hundred pound werewolf bitch.