vehemently but you mother wouldn't budge. We had to save Rose, and I loved my sister with all my heart. Hence, my mother and I agreed to the binding." I could not believe my old parents were such heartless people, I could see myself protesting–am I actually believing this? "The binding occurred using our blood and a ritual was performed between all of us–binding us together forever. But your mother didn't know this at that time. If she had known the consequences of what she was doing, she would never have agreed to it in the first place." "After the ceremony was over Rosalie recovered fast but we could not perform our magic unless we were ready to bare the consequences. It was only a few months later that Rose and your brother fell in love with each other. Your mother was furious and so was your father, they did not accept their relationship." "We were both in love too, and had already married in secret having seen how Rose and Emmett had been made to separate from each other." She said furiously. "Rose could not do anything to get to Emmett unless she got her magic back. She was ready to get to him at all costs. Hence, she came to us. You didn't know where your brother was kept hidden either and you loved your brother too, so we agreed to join all our powers to reunite Rose and Emmett–that's when it all backfired. Everything was destroyed in that ritual. All the people who had exchanged blood during the binding were affected. Each of us was getting closer to death as the minutes passed by. First my mother, then your parents, Rose and Emmett." She took a deep shuddering breath reliving the horrific experience. "It was going to be me next, as the sequence of death was happening in the same sequence we had exchanged our blood. You could not see me die, nor I you. Hence, we performed one last ritual." She said in an emotional voice. "We were already bonded by blood and love. Only one thing was left, we bounded our souls in that ritual. It was the most difficult ceremony I had ever performed because I knew I would lose you. But you convinced me and promised me that you would come back and you did." She smiled looking at me with tears in her eyes. "I had to drink your blood to live and you mine to come back to me. As they say to gain something you have to lose something in return. Hence, I have been drinking blood to survive, to live and wait for you to come to me." "Maryanne, you sister was the only one not bonded in the ritual as she was already married and away in another city. That's how your family continued to live and you came to be. I don't think it was just a coincidence that you were named Edward Anthony, again". She said with a crazy smile. "And now we have to complete our ritual. By taking my blood you will come back to me, become the same Edward you were before. Come to me Edward, take my hand and pick up that knife so you can perform the ritual." She beckoned me to her. My mind was a complete chaos. I moved towards her picking the knife but with a twist of my hand I pulled the girl away from her and pointed the knife in Bella's direction. "Oh no, Edward, you did not." She said in furious voice. "I will not let you ruin this!" she yelled. "Don't come close Bella, or I'll kill you." She laughed. "I don't need to come to you, Edward, darling. You'll come to me." And just like that I was suddenly pulled towards her, the knife flew from my hand to hers and she started chanting – Air, Fire, Water, Earth, Elements of astral birth, I call you now; attend to me! In the Circle, rightly cast, Safe from curse or blast, I call you now, attend to me! Give back the love you took you took from me, Bind me now as you did before. She started to cut her hand, crimson blood started to flow down and filled the bowl she had in her palm. From cave and desert, sea and hill, By wand, blade, and pentacle, I call you now, attend to me! Give my soul you took before, This Is my will, so mote it be! My lips started to open pry open on their own behalf. I tried hard to grind my teeth shut but it was no use. My hand and legs were useless by my side as I couldn't move them. She lifted the bowl to my mouth. Bitter liquid flowed down my throat. The light from the candles burnt bright for a few seconds and then the ritual was complete. I realized I could move again. Looking down at Bella I said, "You did it, love, I'm so proud of you." Smiling. Jumping into my arms she said, "Oh Edward, I thought I lost you for a second there." "Never." I kissed her deeply. A sound of whimpering made me pull away and look down. The girl was trying to escape. I pulled her back by her legs. "Ready to start an immortal life with me, husband of mine?" Bella asked kissing my throat. "Gladly, wife of mine." I replied and pulled the girl towards me to sink my teeth into her throat. THE END We're running with the Shadows of the Night So baby take my hand, you'll be all right Surrender all your dreams to me tonight They'll come true in the end. So, what will it be- Trick or Treat? I hope this sent a few shivers down your spine. ;) To read more twisted and horrifying stories check this out- u/4757629/ Have a terrifying and spooky Halloween guys! Until next time xx ~Sanutaz