will be here on time. Don't you worry. Now come on, you need to get to the ball. It's time." Taking a deep breath, Edward made his way towards the Great hall with Alice at his side and Emmett following close behind. The Great hall was decorated elegantly. Alice had done a wonderful job of transforming the Great hall. There was raised platform placed in the middle of the hall where about twenty musicians were playing their instruments in harmony. Hundreds of candles were lit and placed around the room strategically. There was moonlight shining brightly from the open windows of the castle. It was a beautiful sight. Hundreds of ladies were in attendance. Some were dancing with their partners, and many were seated, waiting for the questioning to begin. Edward sighed looking at the sheer number of women present. "You sure are a ladies' man, my friend." Sir Emmett laughed softly. Alice giggled. "If I didn't love Bella so much…" Edward mumbled, making Emmett and Alice laugh loudly. Edward moved towards the raised platform, and the music stopped playing. He welcomed everyone present at the ball and ordered one of his ministers to begin the questioning. The minister read the three questions aloud: 1. What is King Edward's favorite food? 2. Who is the one person that the King holds close to his heart other than his family? 3. What does the King hold most important above all in his life?" Each eligible and willing maiden was to come forward and provide answers to the three questions. And hence began the long evening of selecting the right queen for the King of Forkshire. The King's favorite food is pigeon pie. The King holds his sword most important. The King loves his people more than family. The King loves his treasures the most. On and on it went while Edward kept on searching for Bella in the crowd. "Alice, where is Bella? You said she would be here on time? Half the ladies have finished their answering," Edward whispered frantically. "Don't worry, Edward. She will be here soon." Alice answered calmly, but inside she was anything but calm. "Where was Bella? She should have been here already." Alice was searching the crowd herself. "I am sorry, but that's the wrong answer, Miss." The minister said for what felt like the hundredth time. "Only a few of them are left now, Alice." Edward was beyond worried now. Had something happened to her? "Would you like me go and check at the cottage?" Emmett asked Edward. But before Edward could answer, the doors to the ballroom opened and in walked a stunningly beautiful young woman. Her skin was cream and roses, hair dark as chocolate. Her midnight-blue gown flowed down her slender body, glittering under the moonlight shining from the huge window. She looked like a goddess sent from the heavens. Everyone stopped what they were doing and turned to look at the lady who was now being introduced loudly by the guard at the door as Isabella Marie Swan of Swan cottage at the castle grounds. Loud gasps and mumbling could be heard throughout the hall. Many could not believe it was the same Bella who was the handmaid to the Princess. Men could not stop staring at her beauty, and women were looking at her in envy. Edward could not help but stare at his beloved. She looked absolutely gorgeous. He was going to be a very fortunate man. His Bella had finally made it to the ball. He could see that she was nervous; she was clutching her gown anxiously. He knew she disliked attention. The murmurs had still not stopped. "Silence!" Edward ordered. "Please come forward, Isabella," Edward requested. Bella moved nervously to stand in front of the King but calmed a little when Alice gave her an encouraging smile. She slowly moved her head to look at Edward, who had not stopped gazing at her since she had entered the hall. "Ask the questions." Edward instructed the minister without looking away from Bella. "What is King Edward's favorite food?" the minister asked. "Vegetable pottage with bread and crushed apple juice." Bella answered softly. People gathered at the ball scoffed. " The King would never like peasant food," They murmured. "Correct," The King stated, loudly. There were surprised gasps throughout the hall. "Next question," Edward ordered. "Who is the one person that the King holds close to his heart other than his family?" "M...my...my mother, Renee Swan," Bella stammered nervously. A collective Gasp reverberated through the hall, along with choruses of "That's impossible. Why would the King hold a maid's mother in such great regard?" "That's absolutely correct." Edward smiled tenderly. Only Bella would have known that answer. "The last and final question, what does the King hold most important above all in his life?" "Love and true friendship," Bella stated, confidently. Edward could not help but grin at her. This was his Bella, his spitfire. "Right again, Isabella." Edward winked subtly. Bella blushed. Sir Emmett whooped, and Alice squealed aloud. Some of the people in attendance jumped and clapped loudly and some of them looked upon in astonishment. Edward got down on his knee, taking Bella's hand in his. "All the answers to the questions you gave were absolutely correct. You seem to know me quite well," he teased. "So, as promised, Isabella Marie Swan, would you do me the honor of becoming my Queen? Will you marry me?" Bella could not stop the tears that rolled down her eyes. Nodding her head, she replied, "Yes, yes I'll marry you." Edward got up and pulled Bella into his arms. The hall erupted with the sound of applause and cheers of joy. Edward looked down at Bella and whispered, "I love you, my Bella." Thank you everyone for reading. I am going to leave this as a One-Shot just the way it is and will continue the story in detail as a separate multi-chapter story. Take care. ~stz