now. The drops splash at my feet, and I try to make myself smaller. I've never been good at that. I don't want this. This is not right. On my hands and knees, I crawl. I shuffle as fast, and thorough as I can. I feel for things in my way, only water, sliding through water, and bricks. My hands are caked, my speed is good. I can do this. I can find my way out. One thud after the other, one cry, one galloping gallon, rain, I hear the rain. The dark is not so dark anymore, my hands, I can see my hands, the water is muddy, thick and muddy. The dark is light in my eyes as the tunnel opens its mouth to me. I stand up, I run my hand on the walls to clean them. I want to run. I don't. I should run. But I don't. I cover my ears instinctively as a cry so loud, so pained crashes into the side of the cave and falls, right in front of me. An animal. A wolf. Not a wolf. Not anymore. A person. A man. He's hurt. The depth of what I just saw is overwhelmed by the sight before me now. I want to run to him. I do. "What can I do?" "Leave." He has brown skin, beautifully tan all over with big watery eyes. He yells at me through his teeth, trying to hold in the pain. But you can't control pain. And I don't care. "You're hurt. Let me help you." "Go. Run . You're not safe here." I can't leave him. If it were me, if I were naked, in the middle of nowhere, injured, alone... I hook my hands under his arms and pull. "You need to work with me here, because I'm not leaving." I try to drag him into the cave. Back into the darkness but don't get very far before I fall down, exhausted from trying to carry this man. Different. Edward, this pers...animal? "What are you?" He doesn't answer. "You came after us." Still nothing. "Should I be afraid?" He laughs, and sits up against the wall, holding his ribs. "You have no idea what's out there. You have no idea who your friends are." "What do you know about it? You don't seem so... so, normal to me either, buddy. So why should I trust any of you?" "You shouldn't." He's right. I just watched a wolf turn into a man. A wolf. Turn into a man. Right there, in front of my eyes. "No. I shouldn't." I manage to get out before clocking him - he doesn't seem like he can do much of anything right now - to see if he might follow me, chase me, and I run, I run out back towards the light, and stupidly look back to see him silently wailing in pain. I feel sorry for him. Leaving. But I... I run anyway. I run out, running for my life until I reach the edge, and Edward. Edward's here, I run into him, and he catches me. "Bella, are you hurt?" "Edward. Oh, Edward, I couldn't stay in the dark. I couldn't wait, I had to..." "Are you hurt?" He strokes my hair, and feels my arms, and holds me back to see. "No. No, I'm fine." "Then go. Emmett is through that way," he points to his left without moving, without seeing, he only sees one thing now. The man. The potentially dying man-wolf who may or may not have tried to kill us. "Not without you." "Go." "I said, no. Come with me. Let's get out of here. Forget him. Let's just go. Please." I try to make him look at me. He won't look at me. "You said, forever. You said if you gave in, you and me, you said forever." His eyes are fierce, darker somehow than before. He's looking at me with that face, perfect face, and I don't even know what I'm asking but it's right. I know it. "You don't know what..." "I know this." I place his hand in mine. "I know I don't want to be here another second. I know I don't need to know what that man is doing here, or whether or not he should be punished for it. I know this." "Bella..." "I know forever." Another lift, another time I have been shaken tonight, thrown onto his back once more. Running through the trees seems freer this time, less scary, more like letting go. Getting out, we're flying home, and I know it. I see the tents, I see the things that don't mean anything that we've left behind, I see the truck, and I see my friends. They don't seem scared. Or surprised. "Let's go. Now." Alice grabs me, and squeezes me so tight, without a word, she is here, and safe, and Rose too. Rose gives me that knowing smile again. The same as before but different. This time I feel like I know what she really means. We all get into the truck, Emmett and Rose in the back. Alice and me stuffed between Edward, and Jasper, driving. "You were so quick, brother." Jasper's voice is barely there as he looks ahead, meandering through the now light blue of the forest. Morning is coming. Brother? I guess the world as we know it is something else to us now. "I changed my mind." Edward looks at me as he answers, his head pressed to mine, a silent pact is building. As we hit the light, and the road, I'm left to wonder about the man, the wolves, and the future. I know I'll see him again. Brown eyes, I can still feel as they tell me I'm in danger. I know there's more to my friends, more than I ever knew was possible, whether forever really is something we will be, I can't wait to find out. Thank you. XO