like the end result. Not thinking about my life as I know it. "Look at me" he said softly in the night air so I did. "You truly are beautiful, Isabella Swan." I almost fainted at his words but my knees buckled instead partly because it was cold. I just kept my eyes focused on his feeling myself being drawn closer to him until there was no more space between us. Our noses touched at the tips, but just staring each other down. Like we didn't know what this feeling was between us. New found and electric. I made the first move and slightly tilted my head to the right and pushed my lips up against his softly at first. His lips felt plump and soft and molded against mine as they worked together. I could not help myself to let out a soft whimper as he kissed me. The whimper, I guess, caused something to erupt from within him because his hand swopped fast to the small of my back and pulled me into his body. I whimpered again on his lips. I pulled back to find his eyes filled with something else. Desire? Fire? "We better get back to the party…" he said as he offered me his hand. Tonight was the best night of my life regardless of my drunken state. When we got home I got ready for bed and wrote this. So sleepy must pass out it is one in the morning! DEC 10 th Today I went to see Dr. Cullen after school and he gave me a prescription for Prozac because he believes I suffer from depression and anxiety. Thank you Dr. Cullen for making feel like something is wrong with me. Is it weird that my potential crush's dad is my therapist? I feel it is a little conflicting, but he is a good doctor who I believe wouldn't who would spill my secrets to Edward. GOD I HOPE NOT! "So, Bella, I would like to talk to you about you. What's up?" he asked "Oh, you mean other than my cold snobbish family who could give a rat's ass about what I want or what is good for me? I mean come on they sent me to you instead of dealing with it with me and telling me it is going to be okay. My father is never home. Ever. And as a coping mechanism my mother spends money on the beautiful thing in the world. Filling our great big house with useless things. Only caring about the material things. Does she even know I exist outside of being another beautiful Swan that she dangles in front of everyone? I am another thing to them. 'Oh it is just my daughter. Not like she exists or anything. Let us just send her to this expensive doctor to fix her problems and deny that they really exist. The deep cuts on her arms aren't really there for any reason. Just teenage angst.' Well, fuck you too mom and dad. Why did you ever bring me into this world if you are distracted by everything else?" I spat out with anger and sarcasm dripping from every word. "How does that make you feel? This is a safe place." His voice was cool and smooth. Like a knife cutting through softened butter. "Alone. Like no one gives a shit weather I live or not. I could kill myself right now in front of you and would you even care? Sure you would be horrified and cry out of shock, but you would not really care afterwards? What impact have I made on people to even care if I am not at the table for a silent awkward dinner or at my desk in my first period…? My mom would probably just focus on making my death an extravagant expenditure. Worrying about the color palette or if my last outfit clashed with the latest fashion." "I am going to prescribe you a medication called Prozac. It helps for depression… Severe depression. Bella, the things you stated to me today have led me to conclude that you do in fact suffer from this. Usually I just give people what they want to hear. I could tell you that everything is going to be okay and swell, but the fact is that these problems are not just going away. You have 17 years to decide how you feel about your family and it led you down a dark road because you are 'alone'," he put alone in quotation marks. "And you feel as you cannot come back from that road. I want you to come to me with anything. ANYTHING. " I did not know how to react to the sincerest words anybody has ever spoken to me, but I thought for a minute of how to reply. "Thank you, Dr. Cullen. You do not know what that means to me. Really." He just nodded at me and glanced at his fancy-looking wrist watch and then back at me with an amazing smile. I can see where Edward gets his looks now that I am not wearing my beer goggles. "Looks like our time is up for today. See you next week?" he said casually and calmly. "Do I have a choice?" I asked as he handed me my slip for my Prozac and I took it and threw it in my purse. He just laughed at my response as I walked away. My father's limo pulled up not ten minutes later. I smiled as I opened the door to find it empty with a note waiting on the seat. Bella, I am sorry I could not make it to pick you up so I sent Charles instead. I have to work hard to bring the bacon home to your mother to spend. -With love, dad. With anger and sadness wagging war inside my chest I told Charles to go to the pharmacy and take me home.