Sam. I had bulked up since I was seventeen. I'd grown a bit too. I wasn't as tall as Sam who stood at 6 ft 3 but I was close at 6 ft. I had more of a football players build but again I wasn't as muscular as Sam who had been ripped since the first day I laid eyes on him. My hair had grown out and I used to save the sides and wear the top in a pony tail. My skin was still pale like it had been back when I was seventeen but I didn't were baggy clothes anymore. I wore clothes that fit my body properly. I was much hotter in my personal opinion. And then I looked at myself now. There wasn't much change in two years except I was tanner from living in Savannah so long. I had grown out my facial hair so I looked more manly in a way and my hair was now at shoulder length and slightly wavy. I hadn't grown much since. And my eyes where still the same shade of brown. I had often wondered what Sam had looked like now. This face was still fresh in my mind and on my Facebook page. I hadn't deleted all the memories that came with the end of our relationship. Nor had I deleted any of the pictures we had taken off my phone which Caroline said was me still holding on to the past which I guessed was true seeing I was now standing in the hallway of my childhood home in my hometown in the hopes of reconnecting with my ex-boyfriend/first love. My thoughts wondered back to the night that lead to the master plan that had gotten me this far. - Two weeks ago, Savannah - It was probably just after midnight when Caroline arrived at my house with her hands full with shopping bags. It was clear to me that she had stopped off at our local 24 hour. She smiled as she walked into my kitchen and emptied the two plastic bags which consisted of two bottles of tequila, 3 lemons, salt, six bottles of beer and two bags of chips. I leaned against the door frame as she totted around my kitchen as she located my shot glasses, kitchen knife and two bowels for the chips. "Planning on having a party are we Care?" I smiled. She casually flipped her blonde hair over her shoulder and grinned. "We're going to come up with a plan to get your long lost lover back." I felt my heart skip a beat. "What?" Caroline shot me a sad look and a small smile. "Its been two years of one night stands, failed relationships and you still haven't deleted those photos Jackson." I shrugged and pushed myself off the door. "That doesn't mean anything." I replied as I walked to the opposite side of the island. Caroline sighed as she began to cut up one of the three lemons she had brought with her. "You're in denial Jackson." I crossed my arms over my chest and sighed back at her. "I am not Caroline." She didn't look at me as she placed the chopped pieces of lemons to one side. "Yes you are Jackson Forbes. You're still in love with your long lost love." I rolled my eyes. "He has a name you know." "Yes I'm aware but I enjoy calling him your long lost love." She smiled. "I didn't lose him." I replied. "You're acting as if my life is an episode of the vampire diaries." Caroline gasped. "Speaking of did you see the last episode?" She clapped her hands with a grin on her face. "I'm so glad Damon's back. Now that's a long lost love." I rolled my eyes again. "Exactly why Sam isn't. I know where he is. I left him remember." It was Caroline's time to roll her eyes. "Yes I know. Which is why we're going to drink these tequila shots," she said as she passed one with a slice of lemon. "and drink these beers until we can think of the perfect plan in which when acted out properly leaves you happy in the arms of your one true love." I quickly downed the shot she gave me, without the salt or lemon, and groaned. Completely ignoring Caroline exclaim the word 'hey' as she obviously wanted me to do the shot with her. "You're making my love life sound like some fairytale." "Well I've gotta live my fairytales through someone and you're as good as it gets." She replied before downing her own shot of tequila. I lent forward on the counter and sighed. "Well my life isn't some fairytale. If it was we wouldn't be having this conversation. I would already be living my happily ever after." Caroline shot me another sad look as she pushed another tequila shot my way. "You just had a run in with your evil queen." I laughed half heartedly at the reference referring to Emily Young. "More like evil bitch from the seventh circle of hell." I said bitterly as I went to down the shot Caroline had passed me mer moments ago. Caroline smiled at me as she poured her second and my third tequila shot. "Well lets get to planning. A certain long lost love isn't going to wait forever." She said as we clinked our glasses together and downed the shots at the same time. - Present time, Washington - I couldn't remember how many tequila shots followed but we ended up with one empty tequila bottle, three empty beer bottles and two massive hangovers. In the end we had written down what Caroline called a fool proof plan which I decided to carry out. I had nothing else to lose. TO BE CONTINUED Jackson Forbes (23) portrayed by Chase Coleman Samuel Uley (28) portrayed by Steven Strait Helena Mattson (23) as Caroline Whitmore Alice Greczyn (25) as Emily Young