with Edward's punishment. Look into the future when I say." She looked upset about shopping but nodded. "Edward your punishment is.." "Whatever you want Bella" "Will you dance with me?" To say he was shocked was understatement of the year. Not just him everyone. "But I get to choose your outfit" He started shaking his head at vampire speed I thought he is not accepting this. "am I a vampire or not?" "yes you are. why?" I asked confused. "then how can I be asleep. I am dreaming right?" "No you are not" I smirked at his confusion. "Alice" she started seeing the future and terror crossed his face. "Bella please.." "You said whatever Edward" I pouted. He sighed defeated. Alice was practically jumping around the room. jasper was fidgeting due to her enthusiasm. Alice dragged Edward into her room and I made the song ready to be played. When Edward came down the steps after 15 minutes I didn't know whether to ogle or laugh. I had made Edward wear a bright pink flowery dress and wear full make up. I don't think there is any word in any language to describe his face. Everyone was laughing. Still he managed to look stunning to my eyes. I sighed. "Edward you have to walk like a girl. Sway and move gracefully" Emmett teased him. suddenly there was a blur and a loud smack. "Owww" Emmett yelled. Jasper was rolling over the floor with laughter as he was feeling everyone's. "Eddie.." I called him in a rough voice and he turned to me. "Shall we dance?" he moved to me and we both started dancing to I have died everyday waiting for you. When the song ended I was in full laughing mode but When Edward Kissed me I forgot what was so funny. When we pulled away everyone clapped. "Have I told you are the most dangerous monster I have met." "OO noo." I feigned hurt. "are you two fine now? You have had your punishments" "Bella these are hardly punishments. But I am happy to see you like this" "What happened to her? has she finally cracked?" I heard Rose. "Rose can we be open?" Edward came to my support. "No Edward I will face this on my own." "what is it Rose?" "Bella I am against you or I don't think they shouldn't do this for you. But think though Edward is your life you have to face it yourself. He cant be there in everystep you take" "I will all.." Edward started but I silenced him. "As I was telling you have to be strong. You cant always be in pain. You cant be forgiving all the time. It may be your greatness that you take all the pain but it is also your weakness and you are letting your love for Edward and Fear of losing take away rest of your life. There are other parts that you need to concentrate." She finished. "thanks Rose. Thanks for being honest. But will you all hear me put please?" they all nodded. "I know you all love me in some way and are worried for me." I took Edward's hand and squeezed it. "The time you have been away hasn't been easy for me. I cant think of that happening again. But only when I opened up Edward understood my need. We got to know each other better and I really trust that he did leave me to only save me eventhough it was in his own twisted logic." "you told I cant let this alone overtake my life but don't you think Edward is doing the same? Alice is almost too. They feel guilty for doing what they thought was right. Their intentions were good." "I love Carlisle and Esme as my parents. I love Emmett and Jasper as my brothers, you my well wisher, Alice my best friend and Edward as you mentioned my life." "how do you think I can move on when all of you are upset? I am getting panic attack and I need to get over with it. But how do you think I can do that without Edward?" "Rose I appreciate your concern but do you think letting people in, letting them know your insecurities is easy?" "It requires trust and love. It wasn't easy for me. But as I realized I am hurting him by being closed and I need him I started letting him slowly." "You think Emmett is happy? we all know you how your human life was. He is always there for you. He appreciates your confidence. We all do. but are you healed. You act out but inside you don't trust us enough to breakdown thus you are walking with that pain. That makes you behave like a bitch at times. Come out Rose. I know it is hard but it is worth the try." Suddenly Rose hugged me. "I am sorry Bella. I didn't understand you." "Go to him. you need it." She nodded. I looked at Edward and Alice "You have to come out of this too. Be happy for me. Get it over with. By being there for me now you are making for the past." Everyone was silent until Emmett yelled "group hug" they were careful not to hurt me this shows their love. "You will recover soon dear" Carlisle told. "We will always be there for you" Esme hugged. Edward kissed me and told I love you. "I am an empath but even I can't describe your love Bella." Jasper told. I smiled. "what are you thinking?" I laughed at Edward. "thinking about love" "Care to define love to your favourite student?" he asked with that crooked smile. " Love is when I am ready to be strong when you need me and comfortable to be weak when I need you." He kissed me long and sweet. "I love you Isabella marie swan". "I love you too Edward Anthony Masen Cullen"