football, but it surprised the shit out of me. He wrapped his long arms around me and hugged me. "Pop, I'm glad you're home. I've really missed you." I hugged him back and fought to maintain my decorum because crying in front of my son wasn't an option. After we pulled away, I saw just what I'd missed. My little boy had grown into a man. He'd turned seventeen while I was overseas, and he'd turned into a man. He was on the varsity football team, and I knew he was a hell of a tailback. Bella had actually sent me footage of his games from the year before, and the kid had speed and a tight grip. The guilt at missing all of it was going to eat me alive. "How was the trip?" he asked as he went to the back of the Tahoe and popped the tailgate, grabbing my bags without my help. "Long and boring. Is your sister here?" I asked as I followed him up to the porch. Just then, a large, tricked-out Jeep without a top came roaring up the driveway. "Who the fuck is that?" I asked, blinded by all the lights on the damn thing. "That's the hell I'm living. Posy's dating Emmett, and I hate it," JC hissed. Yeah, I didn't like it either. "Edward Anthony, you get up here and hug me," Mom ordered from where she stood on the porch. I hurried up the stairs and wrapped her in my arms, feeling her tears soak through my shirt. I kissed the top of her head and held her while she cried. I knew she'd missed me, and the letters she'd written while I was deployed had made certain I didn't forget it. What she didn't know, nor did anyone in the family, was that I was retiring. They thought I was only home for a visit, but I was done. I'd have to go back to Kentucky when my vacation time was burned for the official ceremony, but I was truly done. It was time to concentrate on my family whom I'd shoved aside for too many years, and I had a lot of making up to do. I felt Rosalie jump me from behind, and I let Mom go before I had all three of us on our asses on the porch. I grabbed my daughter's legs and turned my head toward hers. "You're too heavy to jump me like that, Posy," I teased. She giggled as she slid down my back. I pulled her around me and engulfed her in a hug. I was so happy to see her I didn't notice she'd bleached her hair until I pulled away. Last time I saw her, she still had her mother's dark hair with some blonde highlights which was beautiful, and JC had my father's blond hair. Apparently, she'd taken the plunge and now both of my kids were blonde. I wondered what else I'd missed. "Daddy, I'm not that heavy. You look good…well, except for the short hair and the gray," she teased as she reached up and brushed my buzz cut. "Hey, little girl, every gray there is from you and your brother," I told her as I took her in. I felt sick. She was definitely a woman, and I just couldn't reconcile the beautiful young woman in front of me with blonde hair and the little brunette I'd played tea party or Barbies with when I was around. It wasn't something I was expecting at all. "Damn, baby girl, you're not a baby anymore. Why'd you change your hair?" I asked as I looked into her bright blue eyes. Hell, the last time I'd really looked into them, they were greener than mine. "Daddy, blondes have more fun, and before you ask, I traded in the ugly glasses for contacts a few years ago. Now, I'm getting colored contacts. How long are you here?" she asked with a big smile. "Let's go inside and talk. We all have a lot to talk about," I told them. Everyone started inside, and Dad grabbed my hand. "You got no love for your old man?" he asked. I laughed as I hugged him. When we pulled back, he cocked an eyebrow at me. My dad knew me better than nearly anyone, and he knew what I wanted to know. "Is it serious?" Dad shook his head. "I'm not exactly sure. He's Jasper's football coach, and he's a decent guy, son. He gets along with Charlie and Renee, and the one time he's been here, he's actually made a good impression. As far as I know, there's no wedding in the near future, but…" I looked at him. "But, what? " "Jake asked me if you had a girlfriend because he's apparently worried about you. " I smiled cockily. "What did you tell him?" "I said you'd been away for a year, and you didn't have time for a girlfriend. He looked worried, son." I chuckled. "He better be," I said as I walked into the house. If the boyfriend was worried, well, maybe I had a shot at making up to Bella for all those years of following me around the country. I hoped to fuck I did. \\\ Housekeeping: In case it wasn't clear, Bella and Edward are both in their late thirties. Rose is nineteen, and Jasper is 17. I should have said up top that the italicized things are flashbacks, or sometimes internal thoughts, but I think it's pretty obvious. Anything else comes to mind that confuses you, let me know. I hope you'll take the trip with me. (FYI – The story is finished, so there won't be the delays in posting like there are with "Trespass." I'll never start posting a story that's not finished again…Momma doesn't work well under pressure!) I'd love to hear from you. Thank you for reading. Till next time…xoxo (All notes won't be this long, I swear!)