skin. I cried out again, and then she just flopped back next to me and smiled. "I didn't want to leave you a mess." She snuggled down into my side and pulled the blanket up around us. All I could say was the night turned out way better than I'd ever imagined. When I woke up the next morning, I was sure I'd had an awesome dream, until I opened my eyes and she was still there, draped over my body with a smile on her face. I couldn't believe it had really happened! I wrapped my arm around her and rubbed her back lightly. It seemed like the right thing to do. She opened her eyes and smiled up at me, before she gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Where's your bathroom?" "Across the hall." She grabbed my robe from the back of my door, slipped it on, and headed for the bathroom, buck naked under the terrycloth. I got up, pulled on a t-shirt, and was stepping into my boxers, when she came back in, and she slapped my butt. "Your turn, it's open, but I think I hear your roommate moving around, so you better hurry." She took off my robe, standing there naked, and pulled me down for a kiss. I think I was still trying to get my brain past "naked girl." She shoved me towards the door, so I did as she asked and took care of my morning routine. When I came back, she had on my Green Lantern shirt, and it hung down to the middle of her thighs. I noticed her panties were still on the floor and wondered what, if anything, she had on under the shirt. "Kitchen, baby, I'm hungry. You need to feed me," she said, taking my hand and leading me to the door. I pulled her toward the kitchen, silently inventorying what I had to feed her. When we got there, it didn't matter. She hopped up on the island, pulled me between her legs, and started kissing me. My hands moved up her thighs and answered the question, no panties, no nothing. My hands were moving up to her hips, when I heard Eric shout, "It's a girl!" We looked over at him, and I pulled the shirt back down, covering her legs again. "Edward," he whispered not taking his eyes of her, like he was scared to spook her, "It's a girl." "Hi, I'm Bella, I'm Edward's…" she looked up at me, waiting for an answer. "Yes, mine." She wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me down to her lips. "Yes, yours," she whispered before she kissed me. I was getting lost in the kiss until Eric cried, "Holy cow!" I was getting tired of his interruptions, but I had a feeling he wouldn't go away anytime soon. Bella looked over at him and smiled, "Nice undies, the Hulk is funny." Eric looked down at his underwear mortified and ran stumbling off to his room. I was sure he thought she was making fun of him. She looked up at me worried. I knew she wasn't insulting my friend, we had discussed the Avengers at length, and she really loved the Hulk, thinking he was the funniest because of the whole Loki beating scene. "It's fine, don't worry about him." I heard her stomach growl and stepped away from her to find some food. I knew I had bread and jam, so I could make her some toast. "Would you like toast and jam, do you have any food allergies?" I asked. I felt her arms wrap around me and her breasts press into my back as I opened the fridge. Her hand slid down, grabbing me through my shorts. I was hard, and she wasn't making it any better. She moved around me and knelt in front of me. My eyes widened as she pulled down my boxers while we were in the kitchen. I was grateful I was hidden behind the island and could hold onto it and the fridge door for support. I held on tight as she sucked me hard, my legs shaking, threatening to give out. I was grunting and huffing like a freak and came hard. "Edward, are you okay?" I heard my other roommate, Ben, ask. Then Bella stood up and his eyes widened. He pulled out his inhaler and took a couple of puffs. "Was she…" he gasped, "in the kitchen?" "He was hard, and I was hungry, two birds with one stone." She reached into the fridge and pulled out the jam, "So, breakfast?" I was still shaky, but nodded my head yes and was able to get the bread for her. "Edward…psst, Edward," Ben tried to get my attention. "She's a girl," he whispered pointing at her. I nodded at him, "Yeah," I grinned comically huge. The Joker had nothing on me. "Holy Moly, a real girl!" he hissed a little louder. "Yeah, she's mine." She looked over at me and smiled when I said that. She pulled me to her and kissed me again, "Yours." I really liked it when she said that. I really liked her being mine. She made a stack of toast with jam and pulled me down the hall, back to my bedroom. I glanced back to see Ben's mouth hanging open wide. We sat down on the bed, and she passed me some toast. I realized the name DirtySwan wasn't referencing a muddy bird like I'd always thought, but a naughty girl. "So, Bella, when you picked the name DirtySwan, you weren't talking about muddy birds, were you." "Nope." She pulled the shirt she wore up over her head and dabbed a bit of jam on her breast. "No muddy birds, just a dirty Swan." She pointed to her sticky breast, making her point. I smiled huge and dove in, ready to clean her up. It was time for breakfast with my girl, my dirty Swan.