of her orgasm and blood filled my noes and I closed my eyes as I joined in her release. "Emmett?" her voice was timid and a little scared. "Hmm?" "Are you alright?" I opened my eyes and looked at her face. She was leaning over me concerned, "I'm great, are you alright?" "Um... oops," a drop of blood fell onto my lips and I instinctively licked it away. She tasted just as sweet as she smelt but I didn't focus on it. "Violet?" "Yes?" "Why are you bleeding?" She blushed that wonderful pink I love, "Um... well... when... i... we...um... you bit me I think?" "Does it hurt?" My mind was panicking but I didn't want to scare her. This was bad! VERY VERY BAD! "Well it does burn a little." "Crap I'm so sorry!" I knew I was in trouble now. There was a knock at the bedroom door and Seth yelled from the other side, "Emmett? Violet? Lexi is asleep is there something I can do to help? Should I call Carlisle?" "NO! DO NOT CALL MY DAD! PLEASE!" Violet screeched as another drop of blood dropped on my chest. I could feel her panic taking over. Then she looked me in the eye, "please Emmett, I will follow you into eternity but I am not ready for this yet! Alexandra still needs me! I can not change yet! Please! Make it stop!" "Sweetheart you have to stop panicking! I'll fix this!" I flipped her onto her back quickly and assessed the problem. Sure enough there were my teeth marks on her prefect boob. She wasn't bleeding badly and the thrust that I expected to hit me never did. My only concern was to save her. "Babe, I have to get the venom out. Hold still ok? I'll make it stop." I whispered as I bent down and started to suck the venom out of her blood stream. I grabbed the sheet and covered her as I heard Seth open the door, "Emmett?" I looked up at him and licked my lips, "Yeah? I'm kind of busy here." "Your not really feeding from her are you?" He asked as he stood there shaking. I know he was trying to control himself but he was fighting what comes natural to him. "Seth, Emmett would never hurt me intentionally. It was an accident. He has to get the venom out. Please, if something happens to me I need you to help my parents take care of my baby." Violet said softly. "Damn it Violet nothing is going to happen to you! If I does Seth and Jake can burn my ass." I said looking at her annoyed. She smiled at me, "I know, I trust you, just do it." God if I had a beating heart it would have skipped a beat. She had complete trust in me and I was worried I was going to drain her. How the hell was I going to know if I had gotten it all out? What if I lost control? What if she died? Seth touched my arm, "dude I can still smell the venom in her. I'll look away and you do what you got to do. I'll let you know when her blood is clean." "Thanks man," I quickly covered my bite mark and sucked with all my might. I could feel her fingers running threw my hair and just as I was starting to actually enjoy it when Seth punched me in the back of the head. I sat up and growled at him, "Dude! What the fuck?" "Do not yell at him Emmett. You did not hear him telling you I was clean. I was trying to tug your hair but you did not notice either." Violet said as she pressed the sheet against her tit. I groaned and hung my head, "I'm sorry I failed." "Emmett you did not fail. The burning is gone." She said as she sat up and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. "Seth, you have to promise me you will not tell anyone about it or even think about it when Edward is around. I do not want this to be made a big deal. I am alright now." "I won't tell anyone, Violet. I swear," He promised. "Thanks man...um... I'm going to shower up and then I need to go feed properly. Can you keep an eye on things here?" I asked him. "Yeah go. I'll keep our girls safe." he said as he headed out of Violet's room. "Emmett?" Violet said timidly when we were finally alone again. I smiled at her weakly. I needed the contact so I pulled her into my lap, "Yes?" "I am alright I promise." "I know but I almost lost you and it was my own fault." "Emmett I know you would never hurt me on purpose. It was an accident. Please do not beat yourself up over this," she moved over and wrapped her arms around me. "I was not worried." I kissed her gently, "You taste pretty good you know." She giggled at me softly, "Yeah? Well um... maybe we can try what we did earlier again sometime?" "Really?" "Yeah really." She blushed and ducked her head, "I did not freak out and it was kind of great." I chuckled with her, "It only gets better from there sweetheart." "Yeah but you did not really touch me this time. What if next time you do and I freak out again?" I shook my head, "I don't know babe but we'll figure it out." She smiled up at me and climbed off my lap, "Go shower and then eat. I'm going to eat something and then sleep." "If you start to feel sick have Seth call your dad ok?" She sighed, "Fine if and only IF I feel sick." I stood up and kissed her gently then headed out to take my shower. ~~~~~~~~~~~{~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Please review and let me know what you think!