channel. Taking a sneaky sideways glance at her as she stood twisting her hand in the hem of her t shirt another deep blush flooding her cheeks he added "Don't know why you ever bothered with Edwin, when you had Jacob waiting." Bella rolled her eyes "Edward Dad" she frowned "But he's gone now" She didn't like to be reminded about the Cullen's it was always too painful to hear or say their name out loud, even now and it had been months since their sudden departure. "Yeah and good riddance too" Charlie grimaced he'd totally disliked the Cullen boy from the first day he had introduced himself, smart ass he had thought and he had the cheek to dump his daughter in the middle of the god damned forest too! He bristled again and his moustache twitched if he ever saw him again…. The sound of the doorbell provided a neat escape for Bella and she ran up the hall way almost tripping and falling if it hadn't been for the quick reflexes of Jacob Black who had opened the front door. He helped her stand up straight then carried on with pulling his father's wheel chair over the last step and into the hallway. "You two go on now" Billy laughed "I can get myself to the living room and the Chief" He smiled a little as he watched Bella place her small hand in Jakes as he pulled her into the kitchen before wheeling himself in the direction of the sounds of the game coming from the TV. Out of the sight of their parents Jacob pulled her into a close hug "Bells…" he murmured as his hot lips met hers "I've missed you" "Mmm...missed you too" Bella managed to say before Jacob deepened the kiss. She pulled away from him a small blush rising up her neck and onto her face. Placing both hands on his chest she pushed him back, it wasn't that she didn't like kissing Jake it was just the fact she was still getting used to being so intimate with him. Edward was never as tactile ; he still had the same Victorian values from before he was turned and not really what a girl needed from a first serious boyfriend. Bella didn't have a clue about guys and it showed… Jacob on the other hand had no such issues. He had always been a physical guy and coupled with the lupine need for contact he took every opportunity he could get to get up close to Bella. He knew it made her uncomfortable when he pushed the boundaries of their relationship, but he wanted more. Problem was Bella wasn't quite ready to take the next step and he knew the reason… Cullen . It had been months now since the leeches had departed and he had patiently coaxed her back to life but in his heart he hated Edward not only had he interfered with the natural path of their relationship he had almost completely broken Bella in the process. Bella rolled her eyes as Jacobs's full lips formed a pout and he made puppy dog eyes at her till she giggled in response. "Ow come on Bella I need a little more loving." he protested as he tried to draw her back into his arms. She managed to wriggle free and turning towards the stove she opened the oven door. "If you don't want any dinner later Jake" she laughed "Then carry on but I'm guessing you would rather eat?" Jacob wrapped his arms around her waist pulling her towards him. He buried his face in her hair and his breath made little chill bumps rise on her skin. Bella sighed as she bared her neck to him not knowing it was lupine surrender and he softly kissed the creamy skin lightly nipping at the apex of her shoulder. She shuddered against his firm body, her eyes closed as sensations she truly wasn't used to swept through her. His wolf purred in delight as he released her stepping back a little. Now was not the time or the place, it was her fathers house after all and both their dads were only next door. "We need to get going soon" Jacob whispered low in her ear as Bella shivered a little before moving towards the kitchen counter. As she passed by on her way back to the stove Jake eagerly sniffed the lasagne Bella had prepared before she placed it in the oven and set the timer. "You sure can cook Bells" Jacob sighed then added "But just the one pan?" He looked disappointed "There's another in the fridge wolf boy and that's all yours" Bella replied rolling her eyes before walking over to the fridge and grabbing the second pan of lasagne she had prepared earlier that morning "And right there is one of the reason's I love you" Jake growled eyeing the food. "You know how to keep a wolf happy" he went to dip a finger into the cheese topping but Bella rapped his knuckles with a spatula "Is my lasagne the only reason you love me Jake?" She pouted before pulling up a corner of her lower lip and nibbling it. She was so insecure it made his heart ache. Jacob reached out and pulling her close against his hot chest he covered her mouth with his own only releasing her so they both could take a much needed breath. Those deep brown eyes of his seemed to look down into her very soul and Bella's breath hitched in response. "You know it's only you that I love Bella Swan" Jacob whispered "Always have and always will…" His mouth covered hers begging for entry that she willingly gave him and he kissed her breathless once again. A/N: So do you want to see where this is going? Oh and this is not the Paul of my other story…thought id better warn you. Till next time? xxx