he just shrugged and went back to nursing his coffee. 'Thanks for the help father' I growled mentally. "Okay okay," I groaned once we reached my beat up truck. It had been my dad when he was my age and he kept it for me as a 16th birthday present. Naturally most people thought it was a disgusting heap of junk but it had sentimental value to me. "You've got me out the house, you can quit dragging me around." "I wouldn't have to drag you around if I didn't think you were going to run straight back home." Nyla replied, her eyebrow slightly raised. She had a point. If I didn't think she was going to slide tackle me to the ground I would of made a run for it. "Whatever." I responded. "Are we walking or taking the beast?" Nyla looked up at the sky and hummed to herself. "I say we walk. You need all the fresh air and sunlight you can get." She joked. "I naturally tanned." "Yeah but that doesn't mean you aren't starting to look transparent." She laughed. I stared at her blankly, I wasn't amused. Clearly. "Oh come on, lighten up." She said as she punched my shoulder lightly. "Stop being such a sour wolf." "I'm not a sour wolf." I huffed. "You are." Nyla said as she hooked her arm with mine and forced me to walk with her towards the beach. "But we both know it won't last forever." I mentally cringed as I heard the sympathy filled her voice. I hated getting from pity people, I pitted myself enough. \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ A little while later I found myself sitting on a beach towel with my shirt off and Nyla in her swimsuit lying next to me, watching the rest of the reservation kids who were either splashing each other in the sea, playing a game of football or doing exactly the same as us. Nyla gave a small smile and wave at whoever walked passed us and said hello. She had always been the more popular out of the both of us though it wasn't hard. I didn't mind being ignored, still didn't even now. I had learnt the hard way I was better off alone. "Look its Ethan and Bethany." Nyla nudged me gently and snickered. I gave her a tiny smirk as I looked over to where the guys where playing the game of football. Sure enough Ethan Clearwater stood with his now 'girlfriend' Bethany Fisherman who Nyla had earlier joked about for being too manly. I couldn't help but agree though I believe it was due to the fact Bethany had inherited quite large shoulders and her height didn't help. It was a good thing most reservation men got a growth spurt otherwise Bethany would of towered over poor Ethan and that wouldn't of made the situation any better. "I still can't believe their officially together." Nyla said in disbelief. "I was so sure he was gay." I rolled my eyes at her before looking back at the group of sweaty muscular men playing football a few feet away from where Ethan and Bethany were standing. I scanned the ocean of raven black hair and noted down every old classmate. I wasn't surprised to return home and find out most of them had stuck around the reservation instead of jetting off to out of state colleges like I had. I learnt every early on the the families here were set in stone. Once they marked there name and built there family, there was slim chances of them ever leaving except of course in death. "Ooh Leo," I was pulled out of my thoughts at the sound of Nyla's voice. I quickly turned to her and watched as she sat up and stared down the beach. "Look at that piece of sexiness walking this way." "Where?" I asked while I scanned the beach for this 'piece of sexiness' Nyla spoke of. "Right there," Nyla pointed. "Talking to Benjamin." I continued to scan for Benjamin's head of raven black curls in the crowd of other raven haired adult males. "I can't see them." I sighed. "Hey!" I exclaimed as Nyla grabbed my face and pulled it towards the direction she had been looking in. "Right there" she pointed again, "right next to the bonfire pit." I stared for a moment before I finally saw two males standing a bit of a way away from us. One had there back to us and I assumed it was Benjamin just because the guy facing us was way too good looking to be real. I felt my mouth open a little as I continued to stare. He was a greek God. He stood at around 6ft 3 with the body of a greek God like I said previously. He was pure muscle with shape features. He had straight raven black hair which he had tied back in a pony tail and almost black eyes. He had a little bit of facial hair and a smile that could light up a dark room. "Leo, stop, you're drooling." Nyla joked. "Who is he?" I gasped as I continued to watch the mystery God-like man from afar. "Don't know." Nyla replied. "But he is hot." "Thank you captain obvious." I replied sarcastically earning myself a glare off Nyla. I smiled at her before turning my attention back to the man at the other end of the beach. 'God he's gorgeous' I thought to myself and I smiled. I hadn't thought of anyone else like that in such a long time. It almost felt foreign to think of other people, other than Keifen, like that. "I feel like we're in high school again" Nyla chuckled. "Hanging out in the gym, making goggly eyes at the basketball jocks." I laughed with her as I leaned back and turned my attention to the horizon again, unaware that I had caught the attention of a certain Greek God from afar.