protect you," Bella snapped but lowered her voice. "Protecting me from what? Protecting me from your vampire boyfriends?" I huffed, "Or protecting me from my best friend? Look, thank you for that. But, I almost died on Monday. No only that, but I lost my best friend," I took careful swig of the hot chocolate with colorful marshmallows. "We were protecting you from a life that could kill you," Liz replied. "Well, I almost was. And I think I will anyways," I curled up in my sheets. "We won't let that happen, Sar," Bella murmured. Lizzy kissed my forehead and Bella took the mug. "No, wait," I reached out to Bells. She was handing me the mug. But I hugged her instead, and I held her close. Tears started streaming down my face, tears of pure genuine hurt, Liz took the mug, "I'm sorry for what I said to you, Bells." She was tense but she hugged me back, "It's fine. You're right though, Sar. I took Jake away from you for myself. I was selfish about him. I won't ever do that again. All I wanted to do was to protect you." "I love you, Bells," I squeezed her. "I love you, too, Sar," Lizabeth joined us. "What is going on up here?" Charlie opened the door and seen us. "Oh, uh um, sorry," He shut the door, awkwardly. The three of looked at each other and we laughed. Yeah, I got issues And one of them is how bad I need you (I got issues, you got 'em too) And one of them is how bad I need you (I got issues, you got 'em too) Saturday morning we were in Bella's truck, going to La Push, I for one didn't want to do this. But I hadn't argued with them, Edward did, but this was about me. I needed to see what Jacob was for myself, or at least I thought so, I mean I was just nervous. So I started playing with my hair, curling it around my finger, then uncurling it. Why am I so nervous? I'm going to see my best friend. We pulled up next to a cottage type house, so cute, and by the loud engine. They were all drawn outside and I heard talking. Liz and Bells had gotten out while I was in the truck, cowering, trying to work up the courage to get out. "It's the vampire chicks. All three of them!" I kicked the dashboard. They all looked at me, and I glared at Paul. I slammed the truck door and kept glaring at the dose bag. I walked the distance, good distance where you weren't right at the steps. At least twenty feet away, we parked by the treeline. Bella warned me, I didn't listen, as usual, and Quil and Embry stepped closer to me, "Sarah, don't." "I am no vampire chick! Sorry," I directed the last part to my sister's. Paul smirked at me, "Why are you so ignorant?" He laughed and Quil grabbed me by my waist as I went to lounge at Paul. "Let me go!" "Sarah, don't!" Quil let me go. "I thought she was Jake's little pet?" I spun around and back-handed Paul. "Oh crap," Liz laughed. "Why?" Bella whined. I seen Paul shaking and breathing uncontrollably, I remembered what Bella said when she slapped Paul. I started to step away, and when Paul exploded into a grey wolf. My sister's scrambled away, I took fast steps behind and fell on my butt. "Sarah!" I smiled at the voice but my smile disappeared like it wasn't there. Jake jumped off the truck and in mid-air he exploded into a russet colored wolf. His jeans were ripped apart and scattered everywhere. "Again?" Jared asked. The wolves growled and snarled at each other, the noises scared me the living crap out of me. My heart was pounding against my chest, and my breathing was hyperventilating. Jake's back paws were an inch away from my shins. I seen his sides vibrate as he growled, and I looked at the sliver of Paul's wolf head. I felt bad for slapping him, and I seen something amazing. Paul started to back down, and he looked at me once before running into the woods. Jake turned his big head to me, and lowered it, his big black nose twitching as he sniffing me. He seen the unwelcome tear run down my porcelain cheek. He fully turned; I rose onto my knee's, he lowered his head on my arm, and his paws on each side of my legs. Jake's tail started wagging and I giggled. I grasped his neck fur, and he lifted me to me feet. I looked into his eye's and they were amazing. He licked my face, I freaked out, and I heard laughter. "Not cool!" Jake's tongue lolled out and smiled a wolf grin. I hugged his neck, and kissed the side of his face. I looked in his one eye I could see up close. I smile tugged at my lips, and I knew I was safe. I felt safe for once in my life. My trauma from attack was forgotten, my worries were all gone, Jake was going to keep me safe. Sometimes some things are harder to accept then to forget. 'Cause I got issues (I got) But you got 'em too So give 'em all to me (You got 'em too) And I'll give mine to you Bask in the glory (I got issues) Of all our problems 'Cause we got the kind of love (You got 'em too) It takes to solve 'em Yeah, I got issues (I got) And one of them is how bad I need you (You got 'em too) Yeah, I got issues (I got issues) And one of them is how bad I need you (You got 'em too) Yeah, I got issues (I got) And one of them is how bad I need you