once again started to give the breast the attention she had given the first. She pressed her core against Bella's stomach, but Bella didn't relent or change the focus of her attention despite the blonde's clear, hot desire. "Sadistic fucker, too," she added when she tried to grind against Bella's stomach, only for Bella to pull away. "That's me," Bella replied wickedly, but gave into the blonde's need just a little by pressing her palm against the vampire's core. "Yessss," the blonde hissed, her hips moving to press harder, only to groan in disappointment when Bella again pulled back. "Aw, c'mon!" "Stop complaining or I'll stop," Bella replied, nearly panting with her own need as she fought to not just give in to the need to fuck the other girl senseless. However, it wasn't a desire she could ignore for long, as Bella's hand slipped into the blonde's underwear a moment later. Damn, for a cold vampire, her center was beyond hot. "Yes yes yes, please. Please ," the blonde begged, pressing closer. There wasn't a thought about control, about trying to swap their positions, about anything besides the thought of having the brunette's strong fingers inside of her. It was the plea that did it for Bella. She pushed two fingers into the blonde's wet heat, and the vampire felt like she was about to come on the spot. Her entire body shuddered and bowed towards the brunette, crying out against Bella's shoulder. Bella let out a low rumble of pleasure, ready to fuck the vampire's brains out, when her watch's alarm sounded. "What? What is it? You can't stop," the blonde said as Bella's fingers withdrew and the vampire's wrists were released. The vampire's body had never felt so hot, and she had never felt so needy. There was no way in hell that the bartender was going to get away without fucking her senseless. "My boss is going to be home in ten minutes," Bella said with a soft sigh, pushing the hand that hadn't been inside the blonde through her hair. "Then you better fuck me quickly," the blonde said, using her arms and legs to wrap around the brunette and pull the girl into her body. "Nope, not gonna happen," Bella said, resisting the girl's pulls. "You can't just leave me like this," the blonde said, a touch desperately. Of course, she knew that the bartender could leave her if she really wanted to, but it would be the cruelest thing this vampire had ever experienced––and in over a thousand years of life, she had seen quite a bit of cruelty. However, the blonde found herself to be quite relieved when the brunette said, "Of course not." With that said, Bella bent at the waist, wrapped her arms around the vampire, and threw her over her shoulder. "Damn it, wait! What are you, a caveman?" the blonde squeaked, only to quiet her complaints as she found herself staring at a seriously sexy butt. "Never mind, I'm good." She made sure to grab a handful of Bella's ass, letting out a purr of pleasure. Bella shook her head at the blonde's antics as she carried the vampire up the stairs and into her room. The vampire did seem a little on the weird side, and hopefully, that would transfer into some freakiness in bed––and that bed, of course, would be hers. "Oh boy, Bella's going to kill me," Mac muttered to himself as he hurried back towards the bar. He checked his phone with a bit of confusion, as when he was late, Bella would text him demanding which gutter his hairy ass had fallen into. However, there wasn't a single text despite how late Mac was, and that wasn't normal for his fox. He quickly unlocked the bar's door and stepped inside, to find that Bella wasn't waiting for him. Perhaps upstairs? Yet when Mac locked the bar's door and headed up towards where their apartment was, he found that Bella wasn't in the living room, or the kitchen either. Mac felt a little pang of guilt; maybe he had been working Bella harder than he had thought. Wondering if she was okay, he walked over to her bedroom, only to hesitate. He was so worried that he hadn't been paying attention to his surroundings, but now that he was this close, the heavy scent of vampire was unmistakable. For a moment, panic set in as he remembered what had happened to his wife, and he couldn't help but open the door. He had only opened the door a crack when the aroma of spent passion all but smacked him in the face, and he paused in shock to catch sight of Bella sleeping in bed with a blonde vampire next to her, both thankfully under the covers. The vampire was propped up on her elbow, paused in mid-caress with her fingers lingering on Bella's face as she looked up at Mac with a humorous glint in her eyes. "Hey. Do you need something?" the blonde asked with a smirk, her thumb absently stroking Bella's cheek. "Ah, no, I…Bella...she waits...worried..." A flustered Mac quickly but quietly shut the door, face dark red in embarrassment as he realized the state he had just caught Bella in. He struggled with a mix of pride and happiness that Bella had at least found someone she could be physically intimate with, but also a mix of overprotective papa wolf, as Bella was a daughter to him, and he didn't like the thought of his daughter having sex, especially so young. Maybe when she was a hundred years old...that was old enough, right? It was only when he fell into his own bed, ready for exhaustion to take him, that he was hit by a realization. Eyes snapping open, he turned in the direction of Bella's bedroom in shock as he realized he recognized that vampire. Oh boy. This was going to be a lot more complicated than Mac thought.