He grinned, his fingers slowly, yet firmly helping me out of my garments. After he was done, he took off his shirt and undid his pants and soon he was naked too. He leaned me back again, my skin touching a thick blanket. He leaned atop me, his eyes gazing into mine with such intensity I felt myself becoming wet. He held his head up, closed his eyes and sniffed. "Delicious." He groaned, opening his eyes and looking at me. And then, his lips crashed against mine. We were lips and tongues and teeth. Two bodies gyrating against each other. His tongue entered my mouth, sucking my tongue as he went. His hands were touching, caressing, and tweaking. When I felt myself unable to breath he seemed to notice and let go of my mouth, but only to move to another place. His lips kissed and nibbled on my skin, slowly descending to my breasts. His mouth latched onto a nipple, sucking like his life depended on it. I moaned, my hand running through his hair as he lapped at me, alternating between the two nipples. Licking, sucking, and biting until I bruised. And I loved it. I came undone when his hand touched between my legs, a finger entering me while his thumb played my rigid nub. "Ah. Ah. Ah. Yes." I screamed, as I came around his fingers. His mouth still attached to my breasts and his hand still playing me until I came down from my high. He didn't give me a chance to recover though. Quickly, his face was between my legs and his mouth latched on. It was pleasure and pain and I loved it. His tongue first played with my clit, circling it and lapping like a kitten while two fingers shoved inside of me. "More. I need m—more." I mewled, my hands grabbing fists of his hair as he complied. When his tongue left my clit I groaned in protest but soon moaned when his shoved it inside of me, darting it in and out of my pussy. I was on fire, and didn't know right from wrong, nor did I care. All I cared about was what he was doing to me, the sensations I was feeling. The pleasure I was receiving. "Yes. Yes. Fuck. More. More." A few more licks and I came undone for the second time. And a third. The forth time he was inside of me; tender at first caring for my virginity and when I became accustomed to him, he started pounding into me like there was no tomorrow. "Your blood smells so good beloved. Feel that precious? Feel what you do to me? You're mine you hear? Mine! " "Yours." I moaned, feeling myself open to him more as he put my legs over his shoulders and ploughed into me. It was maddening. Seconds later, I came with a scream to the empty air. He didn't come though. Not once. I felt ill for it, wanting him on the edge with me. He seemed to know what I was thinking because he smirked devilishly. "Don't fret precious. Soon, you'll have me. All of me." And then he pulled out, turned me on my hands and knees and thrust back into me from behind. It was more intense than ever. It was dirty. It was heavenly. "Tight. So tight and all mine." He slammed into me, his balls slapping against my pussy making me groan in pleasure. Suddenly, we weren't alone. Emmett and Rose were fucking like bunnies, as were Jasper and Alice. Their sounds were thunderous alongside mine and the mysterious man from my dreams. It was insanity wrapped in sin. And I wanted it. I wanted it all. "Are you ready precious?" he moaned in my ear, his hands gripping my hips painfully as he thrust into me with wild abandon. "Say you're ready Bella. So we can all be together." Rose moaned, riding Emmett fiercely. His hands were wrapped around her breasts, kneading and groping. Jasper's head was between Alice's legs as she smiled at me. "Say it Bella and we'll be together forever." She pressed, moaning loudly at what Jasper's been doing. "Yes. I'm ready." I whispered. "Ah." It sounded like a growl in my ear as he wrapped my hair around his fist and pulled me flush to his chest. I cried out at the angle, loving the new feel of the position. "I've been waiting for you for centuries. I'm honored that you're surrendering yourself to me. I and no other." And then three things happened at once. His teeth ripped through my skin. I screamed in pleasure and pain as I came undone. Him roaring as he climaxed. The others also seemed to be intone with us because one by one they started coming undone. A few more thrusts and I was done for, and so was he. I collapsed on the blanket with him on top of my back. His hands were caressing my hair as he sucked a little on my neck. "Any second now." He whispered. Just when he finished, a searing fire cut through my body and I screamed in pain. "Ah, it's done." I heard someone say gleefully but didn't know who. The pain was too much I could hardly endure it. I clenched my eyes shut and gritted my teeth, willing the fire to go away, to be put out. "Finally." He whispered in my ear and I felt myself being turned over. "Open your eyes precious." He cooed, his fingers caressing my cheek. Slowly, I opened my eyes and saw his face. His eyes were a deep red and his fangs were dripping with blood. "Now, we'll be together forever. Now, we'll be a family. My Bella. Behold, your Edward." I closed my eyes again, willing myself to wake up from this nightmare. Or was I already awake? !###! So, what do you think? Is it a dream? Is it reality? Who knows?