other since they started school. Despite her best efforts to blend in people noticed her. Most people paid the new girl little attention. Some wondered where she'd come from. A few came up and chatted with her. Bella finished picking at the food on her lunch tray, she was ready to go when the tone sounded and indicated lunch was over. She pulled out her crumpled schedule from the back pocket of her jeans and read it silently. Class 6. Juniors advanced History. Room 120. Instructor: Tanya Denali. History was one of her weakest subjects. She found history intriguing and she often wished that she could have been witness to some of the amazing events that occurred in the past. But Bella couldn't focus when she was reading about all the exciting things that happened in some outdated textbook. She stuffed the schedule back into her pocket, and dumped her tray into the garbage as she exited the cafeteria. Biology was in room 118 so she had a general idea where to find her history class. She barely made it on time. Other students had taken their time getting to class, and now everyone was piling in the classroom at the last minute. Bella took the last open seat in the back row. Their teacher came in not a minute later. Bella didn't know why her breath hitched. She assumed this was Miss Denali. The woman seemed to be in her late twenties, and had pale blond hair that fell in loose waves just past her shoulders. Her shirt was a dark blue color, and she had rolled the sleeves up to her elbows showing off extremely pale skin. What really caught Bella's attention were Miss Denali's eyes. The woman's irises were a bright gold. That was a unusual eye color and Bella wondered if the older woman had contacts in. Either way Bella found herself drawn to the depth those eyes seemed to hold. "I'm Miss Denali. For those of you that haven't figured it out, I'll be teaching you history. You've been selected for this course based on your excellent performance in your past academics. Because this is an advanced course there will be a significant homework load." Miss Denali walked over to her desk and placed a stack of papers on it. She hadn't yet looked at the class. Bella chewed on the tip of her pen while she listened to the other woman. "Most of you will be placed in an easier course after the first six weeks," the blonde said as she looked up. Miss Denali's eyes connected with everyone in the class all at once. Bella noticed a look of surprise cross the other woman's face before it quickly vanished, and she continued talking. "Today will be a pretty laid back day," Miss Denali said. "I want everyone to stand and introduce themselves to me. I'm aware you must all already know each other, but I have not yet been acquainted with you. We'll start here," Miss Denali nodded towards a kid in the front row as she leaned against her desk. "My name's Eric Yorkie. This year I'll be running Central's news column. I consider myself the eyes and ears of this place," Eric smiled, and the redhead girl seated behind him laughed. "My passion is journalism," Eric finished and took his seat again. Miss Denali nodded, and motioned for the second person to begin. Bella hoped the class period would end before it was her turn. She was never good at public speaking, even if the assignment was to simply introduce herself to her new classmates. Miss Denali seemed to listen thoughtfully to every person that stood up. She even asked some of the students questions about their hobbies when someone said something she found particularly interesting. Students continued to stand and speak. Bella tried to listen to everyone but her hands wouldn't stop shaking. The girl in front of her suddenly stood up and Bella realized it was her turn next. "Hi. I'm Angela. I'm a junior and I'm interested in photography. I take pictures for the news column." Angela looked in Eric's direction during her last few words. "Nice to meet you Angela," Miss Denali responded when Angela had taken her seat. Bella stood without missing a beat. She didn't want to introduce herself but it seemed like there was no getting out of it. She held her hands together so no one would see them shaking and looked towards the floor as she spoke. "My name's Bella. It's my junior year as well." Bella hesitated. What else could she say? "Uh, I enjoy art," she finally blurted and took her seat as quickly as she could. Why did she always have to be so awkward. "Bella.." Miss Denali said. Bella reluctantly looked up. Miss Denali was looking at her intently. She tried to avoid making eye contact with the older woman. "It's nice to meet you." Bella nodded, and focused on a invisible spot on her desk. The introductions continued. "I look forward to getting to know each of you this year," Miss Denali said after the last introduction had been made. The tone sounded and signaled the end of the class. Everyone grabbed their backpacks and began to move towards the front of the room. Bella was thankful the school day was over. In her rush to leave, Bella's hip hit the corner of a desk and she stumbled slightly. Cool, steadying hands were immediately on her hips keeping her balanced and on her feet. Bella looked up and brown collided with gold. For a moment everything was still. "Thanks," Bella whispered. "Anytime," Miss Denali offered a small smile. The woman's voice was light. To Bella it sounded like a million beautiful chords were being played all at once when she spoke. "I'll see you tomorrow, Bella," Miss Denali said as she released Bella's hips. She nodded, and raced out of the classroom like she was on fire.