as he watched the Quileute boy stagger his way towards him. Jacob Black seemed to have lost his shirt at some point during the evening, and the wind had caused goosebumps to erupt on his exposed skin. Edward inwardly shook his head. He hoped the boy didn't catch a cold. "I'd prefer it if you kept the language clean." "Oh, you'd prefer it, would you? Tough luck, asshole, you can't always get what you want," Jacob slurred, weaving across the sand and coming to a stop in front of the redhead. He swung his hands out and the alcohol in his cup spilled over the side and down his wrist. "What are you doing here, Cullen? I thought we'd gotten rid of you for good." "Gotten rid of me? I live here, Jacob." "Not here you don't . Not at La Push, thank fuck for that. At least we don't have queers tainting our stock like Forks does." Stock? "That isn't a very nice way to refer to your tribe, Jacob. It's rather disrespectful, don't you think?" The crowd tittered and Jacob's face darkened, the cup dropping to the sand. "You arrogant shithead! What right do you have to judge me? Why don't you just fuck off back where you came from and leave as normal people alone!" "Oi, douch, what's your problem?" Bella snapped as she strode up and stopped at Edward's side, Jacob's friends appearing and trying to drag him away at the same time. The Quileute shrugged them off and squinted at the furious brunette, a slow smirk spreading across his face. "I don't have a problem, sweetheart. Just calling 'em as I see 'em. You shouldn't stand so close to him, you know. Never know what you'll catch. You wait here while I get rid of the queer and then you and I can go have some fun, hmm?" Anger was a funny thing. Edward had never experienced the physically impossible phenomenon of 'seeing red' before, but as Jacob licked his lips and rubbed his hand over his crotch in a grotesque display, the normally oblivious and somewhat placid man suddenly found himself in the younger boy's face without remembering how he gotten there. He glowered at the kid, instinctively following the surprised step that Jacob took backwards. "You do not talk about her that way. Ever, understand?" "What, think you can take me, cunt?" Jacob sneered, quickly recovering. "You? You'd blow over in a stiff breeze!" What a strange thing to say. There's a stiff breeze now, isn't there? I'm obviously still standing. "I won't put up with acting so derogatorily towards my friend. You can insult me all you want; I'm used to it, but leave Bella alone. She doesn't deserve your rude comments." Jacob laughed. He threw back his head and laughed, the sound somehow sounding cruel rather than an expression of joy. Edward frowned and cocked his head. "Look everyone, the fag's standing up for himself! He's actually grown some balls!" Edward's frown deepened, confusion shifting through him. "That comment doesn't make any sense. I've always had testicles." Other, louder laughter swept around the beach while Jacob's abruptly cut off, his face going a motley red. He snarled angrily. "Fucking idiot. Teach you to get smart with me!" He stepped back and raised his arm, hand clenched into a fist. Edward's eyes went wide, but before he could figure out how to defend himself, or even before the fist made contact, someone grabbed the back of his sweater and jerked him away from the punch. He stumbled backwards and halted when his back met a firm chest. He blinked in surprise and turned his head, seeking the identity of the person who'd rescued him. Heat flared low in his abdomen when he met an amused dark gaze. "When exactly did you turn into a brawler?" Edward gulped. "I'm n-not," he started to say, silently cursing the way his voice squeaked, when a disturbance at his feet caught his attention. Jacob was sprawled on the ground, face planted in the sand. The redhead stared down at him, quickly figuring that the momentum of his swing combined with too much alcohol must have led to his downfall. He couldn't help the small smirk that formed at the thought. "Jeez, Edward, what's got into you? You could've seriously been hurt!" Bella scolded as Jacob's friends rushed forward, hauled him up and away. Edward looked over and met her gaze with steady eyes. "He was being insulting to you. He's not allowed to do that." Bella's expression softened, and behind him, Jasper shifted, abruptly reminding Edward that he was still standing close to the other man. Very close. Back to chest, leaning against him close. He could feel Jasper's heartbeat. Eyes going wide again, he sought out Bella's gaze as his own heart rate jumped and panic began to set in. Bella grinned at him and then winked. "Right, Mike Tyson, I think you should go take a walk and cool yourself down a bit. You wanna go with him, oh great and mighty saviour? Make sure he doesn't get into any more trouble?" "I could do that," Jasper agreed, his voice rumbling in his chest and vibrating against Edward's back. The other man's breath hitched at the feeling, his jeans tightening a little. The relief was just as sharp as the disappointment when Jasper stepped back and began to make his way through the crowd, stopping when he realized Edward wasn't following. "What are you waiting for? Go!" Bella hissed, shoving her friend for the second time that night and breaking his stunned paralysis. Edward audibly swallowed and turned on very shaky legs, catching up with the blond, confusion, eagerness and lust making his head spin. He chose to focus on the confusion. "You know my name's not Mike Tyson, right?" Jasper snorted loudly at the abrupt question, dark eyes dancing, before continuing down the beach with a frowning and bewildered Edward scurrying after him.