breath and moans, "I understand. What do you intend to do about that, now?" "I plan to spend as much time as I can making that up to you, Miss Swan." "H-how?" He slowly pumps the middle three fingers of his right hand in and out of her pussy, preparing her for the invasion of one of the biggest dicks to ever be recorded on film. "I intend to give you an orgasm for every time I made you refer to me as 'The Package', a kiss for every time you rolled your eyes at me and a smack on the ass for every time you tried to sing to me." He laughs as he rolls them over and slaps her on her ass. She smiles as she takes the condom from his hand and rolls it onto the biggest cock she has ever seen in person. "Just you wait, Edward. You're bound to piss me off again and I'll just have to sing to you, won't I? I may even have to shove that gag back in your mouth." He moans when he feels the softness of her hand smoothing the latex down and then close around his erection. He chuckles and then lifts her over his throbbing cock before lowering her carefully down to the tip, where he holds her above him. "If you sing to me again, I'll have to call the police. It's cruel and unusual punishment. It must be against the Geneva Conventions, or something." Bella starts slowly pushing herself down on his cock and moans. "It's so thick, how is it so thick?" she wonders aloud. "I don't know, Bella. It's not like I tried to make it this big. But, if I take my time, and can convince the woman I'm with to take her time, at least until she's somewhat used to it—we both receive a lot of pleasure from it," he explains to her while kissing slowly down the side of her neck. He sits them up and it changes his angle of penetration. She grinds down on his pelvic bone and pulls in a deep, shuddering breath. "This feels so good, Edward. Don't stop." He responds by rolling them over and thrusting a little more forcefully into her silken heat. "Good thing I already blew my load like a schoolboy who just saw his first set of tits, huh? That just got me warmed up. I can go for hours like this." "You don't have to go for hours," Bella pants. "I'm going to cum in about 87 seconds. You can stop then, if you want. I really want to see your face when you come, though. I've never stayed around to watch you in action. I'll bet that when you lose control like that, your face is even more handsome than it already is." Hearing her say that to him makes Edward want to stay inside her forever, but he thinks she's probably getting too sensitive to keep on much longer. She's already had two orgasms, and a third will probably make her want to amputate the bald-headed yogurt slinger if it is still touching any part of her bikini bizkit afterward. He sits back and pulls her ankles up around his neck as he thrusts. Her hips are being supported by his thighs and her shoulders and head are resting on the cushions of his couch. When he has her positioned the way he wants her, he languidly moves in and out of her, making sure to keep his hard dick in contact with her g-spot at all times. He brings his thumb to her mouth and says, "Suck it." She opens her mouth and moans as she sucks on it for a few seconds before he withdraws it and starts rubbing tight circles around her clit. Her delicate hands are grasping at his knees and thighs. Her tiny fingers are digging into his flesh, seeking to ground herself with him. She can't believe the sensations that are going through her body. She never wants them to stop, but she knows that what waits for her when she finally falls over the edge of the abyss she is currently suspended over will be powerful enough to make her forget her own name. As Bella draws closer to her orgasm, Edward slows down his thrusts even more, wanting to draw out her pleasure. But he knows he can't delay the inevitable for very much longer. So he finally speeds up and gives himself over to the gratification of finally being intimate with someone he cares about. Bella is lost to her surroundings. She feels every stroke he makes within her, and they are glorious. She never expected to receive so much bliss from the man she previously considered so awful. The nirvana they are both chasing is suddenly right there, rolling over both of them in waves. Both of them writhe and shudder in their frenzy. When they return to earth, Edward pulls Bella into his arms. They kiss each other slowly, lingeringly, languidly. They stroke each other's heated skin and sigh in contentment. Finally, Edward looks deep into Bella's eyes, winks, and speaks as only he can, "It looks like 'The Package' finally delivered, Swan." After leveling a glare his way, Bella picks up the gag and starts to shove it back in Edward's mouth before he stops her with a laugh and a kiss. The End ~~~~Hard to Deliver~~~~ Author's note: This was my entry in the Biggest Dick Ever contest. I've tweaked it a little because in reading through it I discovered a few errors that I missed before submitting it. I received Miss Winkles' Judge's Pick for The Bone Phone award for best euphemisms. Thank you to everyone who helped me with this debauched bit of porntastic erotic fluff by betaing and pre-reading for me. MeteorOnAMoonlessNight, Compass54, .98, BitterHarpy, LyricalKris and Shadow Masen. You ladies are the some of the most awesome people I know.