Then I shut off the computer, emotionally spent. I was about to get up and head back to bed, I was so tired and nervous about the next day, but the silver box I'd noticed earlier caught my attention. I picked it up and turned it over in my hand, and found that it weighed almost nothing. It was about four inches by four inches, and the wrapping paper was folded into the lid, so all I had to do was untie the purple bow to get to what was inside. I set it down and stared at it for a long time, trying to decide if I wanted to wait until I was in a better mood so I could enjoy the gift a bit more. After dithering for a long moment I held down one edge and pulled on the ribbon. It unwound easily. Then I gently lifted the lid off the box base. Inside was purple tissue paper wrapped around something solid. I pulled out the bundle, and then held onto an edge of the thin paper so that the object could unroll into my other palm. The polished surface of the of the necklace chain glittered from the lamp light creating the illusion of a silver waterfall. Then an oval locket, also made of silver plopped on top of the coiled nest of the chain that had curled up in my hand. I glanced at the embossed face of the locket and tensed up, I had a feeling I knew what was inside. I looked up at the smiling picture of my mother only a foot away from my hand, and rubbed my teeth back and forth in apprehension. With one trembling finger I opened it slowly, and found a small version of my favorite family photo inside. It was the three of us, before they divorced. I couldn't have been older than two at the time, and we seemed so happy. Not even a month after that photo was taken, Mom filed for separation. I snapped it shut and examined the face of it again, running my finger over the relief of a phoenix. When I was little, Mom loved to tell me fantastical stories of elves and heroes, dragons and monsters. Her favorite was the phoenix, a creature birthed in flame that could return to life from its own ashes. It was probably the reason she moved there in the first place. I pulled my hair back and fastened the chain around my neck, and then tucked it under my shirt. Promising her that I would never take it off as I kissed my fingers and touched them to her picture. I felt so drained, and I wanted the day to end. So I got up I dragged the duvet back onto the bed, and snuggled under its warmth. Before I knew it I had fallen into a deep sleep. My dreams were weird, filled with running and things chasing me. The oddest part was the presence I felt lingering around the edges, it felt dark and evil. Like a monster waiting for me, taunting me into a blind terror. I tried to run from that presence, but no matter how far I went it was always just over my shoulder, laughing at me. I woke up in a cold sweat, the digital read out of the alarm clock blinked 12:00 again and again. I'd forgotten to set it. This sent me into a minor panic, afraid that I'd overslept. Until I noticed the sky outside was still dark. I moved over to the window facing the back yard and opened it to the cool autumn air. The rush of chill focused me, and pulled me away from the nightmare. I felt a swell of excitement for the first time in a long time. I understood the idea of " The Undiscovered Country " in that moment. It was laid out before me, like the beginning of a quest full of wonders and fears. I stared at the lone tree in the back yard, so close to the forest that lay at the edge of the property. Yet it was alone, a silent sentinel stretching over the grass like a protective parent. My mind wandered, to the nightmares, and to the feelings circling around my head like hungry vultures. Would I be able to find a place here? Or would this place eat me alive? A sharp gust of wind blew into the room, sending another chill down my spine. It felt like an omen, and suddenly I was frightened of the night. I shut my window and crawled back into bed, hoping it was just a lingering bit of nightmare clouding up my rational mind. Tentatively I began to shut my eyes, remembering at the last moment to set my clock against my cell phone. Then I fell back into that darkness, hoping that the next day would be a brighter one. Author's Notes: This is the original version of Secrets and Covenants. It is going to be brutal, dark, and unforgiving. This version goes full horror in a couple of places, and deals with some extremely murky emotional stuff. Changes to Canon: Most of the changes are background involving the Cullens which will come up as details throughout the story. The biggest departure involves Alice and her past which is wildly different. Also the relationship with the Quileutes is also very different which is why their house in a different location. Obviously there is a change in gender for Sam, which was done for a couple of reasons. Also Jacob is closer in age to Seth, who will come into the story much later on. There is more, but Spoilers! Thanks for reading! Please take a few moments to send me your thoughts on this chapter. I like reading feedback (positive and negative), and you never know, perhaps you might even influence the way things play out! Next Up: A Good Day