to live with her mother. Her real mother. Samantha hugged Jane, who was shocked. Apparently, Samantha was oblivious to the difference in the color of the vampires' eyes as she didn't exhibit any fear. The castle on the highest point of Volterra was beautiful. That was the only word Sarah could even begin to use to describe the huge stone building that was surrounded by a high wall. The children were in awe of the castle, and Samantha and Benjamin were bonding quickly, like all siblings should. Taking Samantha's hand, as she took Benjamin's, Sarah followed the kings and their guard, leaving the small amount of luggage for Felix to carry. The humans looked at everything with awe, causing the other guards, who were going about their daily duties, to stop and stare. Unlike in the stories, there were no humans employed by the Volturi, and any who entered the castle, did not leave human, if at all. Entering the throne room, which was much like a courtroom, but with three thrones and rows of stone benches, Sarah could sense the ancient presence of many vampires, maybe even Roman ones. It just felt old, all though modern technology certainly was present in the form of security cameras, etc. Aro motioned for Sarah to have a seat on the bench closest to the thrones, and Ricky and the children followed her lead. Sarah relaxed onto the cold seat, letting the children do as they wished. Aro had assured her once again that they would not be harmed, and Benjamin was running around the thrones, playing peek-a-boo with his sister. It was as if they had known each other their whole lives. Samantha's feelings towards Sarah, however, needed repair, but they were finally talking to each other. When Benjamin moved to sit in a throne, however, Sarah stopped him. "Benjamin dear, please don't sit there. That is for a king to sit in. Come sit with Mommy, or Daddy, or anywhere else. I am sure the kings wouldn't want you sitting there." Before Benjamin could move, not that he really wanted to, the huge wooden doors were opened and a tall, dark headed vampire entered the room. All guards knelt immediately, which drew attention to him, causing Sarah to turn and look. Benjamin ran to his Mommy's side, but Sarah wasn't really paying attention. The vampire before her was stunning, a true specimen of all that a vampire should be. His shirt was a style right out of the 14th century, and had lace at the collar and wrists. He didn't wear a jacket, and his hair hung well past his shoulders. That wasn't what drew Sarah to him, however. She just couldn't take her eyes away, and was beginning to think that he was dazzling her, until she noticed that Jane seemed to be too close to him. He was hers. That vampire bitch shouldn't be that close to her man. Before Jane could react, Sarah had thrown herself at her, knocking Jane to the ground, astonishing all of the other guards that a human could catch a vampire off guard, especially Jane, who had been around almost as long as the kings themselves. As Jane went to use her power on Sarah, the male vampire threw himself at Jane. "No, Jane, you mustn't. She is human, and is also my mate. That is why she attacked you. She recognized it well after I did, and while I do not like that he was so close to her, I did not attack that man. She isn't even a vampire yet, but she realized I was her mate, subconsciously. Do not harm her, or you will be feeling the wrath of the kings." Aro and Caius chose that moment to come into the throne room. Jane took her place once again kneeling with the other guards with her head bowed. "Ah, Marcus, I see you have met our darling Sarah. Is she not as I said?" "She attacked Jane, brother, when she realized I was her mate. A human attacking a vampire and succeeding in taking them by surprise is unheard of. I never realized she could move so fast." "Jane, is this true?" "Yes, my king, she did attack me. I didn't even see her move, she has speed much like we do." "Should we test it out, Marcus, or did you want to speak with her?" "I will speak with her of course, Aro. She needs to be formally informed of her status. Will you see to the others, while I escort her to the gardens for privacy?" Everyone knew that no one had been in the gardens but Marcus since Didyme had died, and all were surprised to hear that Marcus was taking a human there, allbeit his mate. "Certainly, Marcus, you will be left alone, and if you feel the need, you may do what needs to be done." With that, Aro took Sarah's hand and placed it in Marcus' large one. Sarah seemed to come to her senses as she felt Marcus' hand on hers. She willingly went with the male god, looking up at him every so often to make sure he was really there. "Is this the reason Alice came to see you, my king? Is all of this because I am your mate? I am not sure why I was able to attack Jane, nor why I want to bite you so badly. Is that all part of the mating bond?" "My dearest, you may call me Marcus, your status will be the same as Aro's or mine or Caius'. Since I am the oldest, my mate is the real Queen of the vampires, while the other two wives are simply mated to the other kings. I suspect that is why Didyme was killed, by the Romanians. To prevent the Volturi from becoming truly all powerful. See, the High Queen receives certain powers as a vampire, more power than any other vampire on earth."