and grabbing her book bag. She started to stuff it full of her things, but had to edge closer to me after she got pushed out of the aisle by our classmates wanting to leave. I slid off my lab stool and scooped up my props in one motion, leaving me standing very, very close to her. She was still babbling on. "I mean, I don't want you to go to any trouble-" "It is no trouble, Bella," I said, interrupting her stream of words. "Quite the opposite. It would be my pleasure." She paused in the midst of zipping up her bag to look up at me, and there it was again; the wordless vision of me standing before her, graceful and beautiful, wrapped in a haze of adoration. It would be his pleasure. He speaks so beautifully, so eloquently. No one else speaks like that. It's… it's so clear that… he means it. He's so wonderful, she concluded. "Okay," she breathed. I smiled. "Thank you." I shifted slightly closer to her, and it sent her mind into a delightful turmoil before she stepped away and into the aisle to leave. Holy Crow, he smells good! Oh, wow . Oh my gosh, my mouth is watering. We walked in silence out of the classroom. My name was on everyone's mind as they noticed my attention to Bella. It was like the little world of Forks High had ground to a halt. This was sure to spread like wildfire. Edward Cullen had woken up. The untouchable Edward Cullen had a crush. "My next class gym," she offered. "Do you need to stop at your locker, first?" Gym clothes! Shoot. Knew I forgot something. Well, first day and all. Hopefully the teacher will be merciful. "Um, no. I'm fine. So, are there gym uniforms here, or is it just, you know, sport casual?" "Uniforms," I replied. "And charming they are, too." She laughed. I said nothing else, but instead listened to the pleasant hum of her nebulous, wordless, impressionistic thoughts. They wrapped around me like a soft cashmere scarf. They were mostly centered on me, my proximity to her, her fervent desire to hold my hand, and her increasing confidence that I might have some smidgeon of interest in her. It's so nice to just be with him, she thought on a sigh. I feel the same way, I thought. We arrived at the gymnasium far too quickly for my liking. I could have strolled along with her for hours, wrapped in her thoughts. Oh. The gym. We're here. "Thank you for showing me to the gym," she said, stopping and turning to face me. Her fingers were tangling themselves and untangling themselves in a loose strap that dangled from her shoulder. She was adorable. I wonder when I'll see him again. I suppose I'll have to wait 'til lunch, tomorrow. Why does that seem so far away? But oh my gosh, it must be getting late. "You should go – I mean," she corrected herself, "I don't want you to be late for your class." "La senora is very forgiving," I pointed out, and mentioned nothing about the fact that we both knew which one of us could pass as a native Castilian, Argentinean, Cuban, or Peruvian, and it wasn't the one at the front of the class. I was still working on my Chilean accent and idiom, but it was next. I had forty-five more seconds until the bell rang, however, and I was going to make the most of it. I leaned against the side of the building and smiled at Bella. "It was very nice to meet you, Bella Swan. I hope we'll have an opportunity for further conversation. I would really like to know you better." "I'd like that," she responded. I'd really, really like that. "Would you like to go for a walk this evening? After dinner?" Oh, my god, yes! "Sure, that'd be really nice. Um, when…" she trailed off, but I already had my journal open and was writing down my cell phone number for her. I tore out that page, too. "Call me when you get done with dinner. I don't think I live very far from you." And then the bell rang. Beautiful timing, really. She looked up and around, startled out of her pleasant, wordless thoughts. "Oh! Oh my gosh, you're going to be late. Okay." She smiled again at me. "Thank you. I'll… see you this evening, then." "This evening." I resisted the urge to take her hand and bow over it, or better yet, kiss it. Instead I turned around and walked slowly away from her, listening to her thoughts. Ho-ly Crow! I have a date with the most beautiful, wonderful, charming guy in the whole world. I walked all the way to Spanish quite quickly with the lack of witnesses, but not so quickly as to seem unusual. I slid into my seat next to Emmett, still focused on her thoughts. It was harder – her thoughts really did seem to be softer and more occluded than everyone else's, and from this distance it was much more difficult to hear hers than it ought to be, but I managed to get the gist of her clearest thoughts. She was relieved that she wouldn't have to participate today, and only had to sit on the sidelines. She was thinking of me. EDWARD! I heard Emmett shout quite loudly in his thoughts. Had he been speaking? I raised one eyebrow and tilted my head toward him slightly, turning a page in the useless textbook in front of me. What's the dish on you and the new girl, huh? What's his face up there was saying that you've got a crush on her! I looked down at the text book and smiled broadly. If you're wondering what else I've written, go check out my awesome original fiction, on sale at amazon author / sarelizgordy Thanks! You're a majestically awesome person!