sound of the waves and the heavy breathing of the man holding her. She stared straight at the glistening chest, afraid to look up. Her heart was racing and her skin was tingling where ever he was touching her. "Are you hurt?" his voice was deep, but it was soft with concern. An overwhelming feeling of peace filled her and she instantly felt bad for having run from this man. Was there some way that he knew of their connection, of the fact that they were soulmates? Aidan finally lifted her head to look up at the man holding her. His chocolate brown eyes were looking down at her, concern and adoration filling their depths. Her throat clenched at the intensity in his eyes. Never had she seen anyone look like that. Not even Nick had looked at her like that. He knew. "Are you okay?" he whispered, one arm reaching up to move hair out of her face as the other hand continued to hold her close. Aidan tore her gaze from his and nodded, her face growing hot at her body brightening slightly. "Cold," she lied. The man snorted in laughter but started to swim towards shore with her still in his grasp. Aidan frowned and lightly pushed away from him. "I can swim," she argued softly. She felt him hesitate before letting her go, but she refused to look at him. She wasn't ready to look into his eyes again, she needed to get a hold of her emotions. When he finally let go of her, Aidan took a breath and dove underwater, opening her eyes to see where she was going. For a split second her eyes burned with the salt, but the feeling disappeared quickly as she began to swim. Surprise filled her as she felt the heat of her soulmate next to her. She glanced over to see that he was keeping up with her, though not underwater. Curiosity filled her as she wondered just how fast he could swim. While she might not be the daughter of Aphrodite or Poseidon, neither of them let her go without learning how to swim. Her mother had made sure to take her to the ocean every summer where she spent most of her time in the water. Pain stabbed at her heart as she remembered her mother, but the warmth radiating from this man swimming next to her was dulling the pain. She shook her head and flicked her legs a little harder, keeping her hands together in front of her to slice through the water. As they neared the shore, Aidan felt her lungs burning for air and she broke the surface. He had nearly caught up with her. Laughter bubbled up in her chest and she pushed forward, diving under again and continuing towards shore. That split second gave him the opportunity to catch up with her. Aidan let the waves take her to shore. She stumbled on the sand before falling to her butt, the waves crashing over her legs. She looked at the ocean to see a grinning man walking towards her. Without really knowing why, she started laughing. The man who had 'saved' her stopped, still waist deep in water to stare at her. He was both confused and amazed at the sound of her laughter. "What's so funny?" Seth asked from behind her. He was dripping wet, apparently he had been in the ocean looking for her, too. Aidan leaned back on her hands and tilted her head back to look at Seth, a smile on her face. "I guess it's only funny to me that you all thought I was in danger," she admitted as she lifted her head to look at the man in the ocean who was now frowning. "It's funny that we thought you were dead? There was a shark heading right towards where you jumped in!" he exclaimed. The waves crashed against her legs as she stood up. "You don't understand, nothing in the ocean will harm me," she started to explain when the waves receded and the water level reached below his waist. She yelped and turned quickly, turning her back to him as her face grew hot and her her body started glowing again. Seth groaned and tossed a pair of shorts at the man, "Clothes, please." "Why wouldn't anything in the ocean harm you?" the man asked as he caught the shorts and put them on, walking further onto shore to get out of the water. Covering her face with her hands, Aidan walked over to her belongings. "They recognize family," she mumbled. "Family? You're part fish?!" another man exclaimed as he ran up to them. Aidan snorted in laughter as she sat on her towel on top of the driftwood, her bikini already starting to dry. "Do I look like I'm part fish?" she looked at the new man and was starting to understand what Aphrodite meant. While she found she was attracted to the man who was her soulmate, she could see that this new man and Seth were very attractive. Though, there wasn't much difference between them - they were all extremely muscular, taller than six feet, and cropped black hair. And they seemed to prefer to not wear a shirt, though she wondered if this was due to them being a wolf. "Well, no, but why else would you say they're family?" the new guy crossed his arms over his large chest as he frowned. By now all three of them were standing a few feet in front of her, her soulmate wearing a pair of black and grey swim trunks. Aidan looked at them for a moment before sighing and looking at the ground. They didn't seem as infatuated with her like other humans did. Well, except for the larger man. He was still staring at her with the same adoration behind the confusion. "Poseidon is my great uncle," she said softly, "I'm the daughter of Apollo."