before Dr. Molina, were male. They received no threatening words from the male vampire. He just sat there with a wide—albeit creepy, smile on his face. The grown men later gossiped about how they felt their hearts in their mouth when they were in the same room as that "creature." They simply quit because they felt as if he knew everything about them. He instilled fear in them like they had never felt before. Isabella noticed the specimen closely. His eyes shifted slightly a few milliseconds before the men would stop breathing. They would shake their heads within seconds of the contact. A smile spread on her lips when she realized that the vampire was an expert in the art of controlling minds. As she sieved through the videos, she finally reached the ones where Dr. Molina appeared. At first, it seemed as though Dr. Molina was stronger than the other two. He did not speak to her; neither did his eyes shift as often as they did while he was with the other two. Isabella did notice the gleam in the vampire's eyes, though. After four excruciating sessions, Dr. Molina attempted to talk to the vampire, push him into answering some of her questions. That was the moment everything changed. " Why won't you talk to us?" she asked calmly, her pen poised over her open notepad. " I do not endeavor to offend you, madam, but I find you rather unacceptable." His confession seemed to take the psychiatrist of guard. Isabella found herself scrunching her brows, trying to comprehend what he meant by that. She soon realized what he meant. " You are not close to God, I understand. You have not been to church in a while," he clucked his tongue, as if disappointed. So, that is what he was playing at! Isabella thought, triumphantly, as she figured out his plan. " I would like a woman of virtue," he stated. "I can smell the filth on you... Tell me, who was it last night: the blond from the bar that grabbed your ass? Or was it the blue eyed woman that you wanted so badly?" He licked his lips, his eyes filled with mirth. "Both?" he gasped. "Oh, you little whore. You didn't!" he chuckled. "Was this why your father kicked you to the streets when he found out?" he cooed. Isabella's eyes widened fractionally. She had not expected him to unravel her past as clearly as he had been doing. " This does not pertain to the question I asked you," she said, grinding her teeth together in frustration. Hints of fear dotted her features. " Oh, but it does," he insisted with unbounded glee. "I was going to tell you how to remedy your depravity. I could forget about your transgressions and talk to you," he insisted. His urgent eyes were bound to make the person in front of him believe that he was sincere. " What do you think is the remedy?" she asked, her voice tight. " You need to be closer to nature. To shed the effects of the sin that Eve committed. You must lose the effects of the fruit of knowledge. You must let go of your disobedience," he murmured. Dr. Molina looked enraptured by his words. It was only then that Isabella realized that the vampire's eyes had shifted. " Shed your clothes, human. Embrace the Lord as he made you. He made you in his image, and you bore the boon of immortality, but your disobedience snatched it from you. Return to the Lord and he shall forgive you. He is but a just God." His voice was lulling, and if Isabella hadn't known better, she would have thought that the vampire was deeply religious, or simply, a religious fanatic. She understood the situation as it was. She could see that the vampire was trying to fool them into thinking that the problem lay with his religious fanaticism. He was far more complex than that, a truly good player at the game of deception. As she shifted her focus back to the video, she saw Dr. Molina reach for the buttons of her blouse. Isabella felt a laugh bubble at her lips as she noticed the wicked expression on the vampires face. Edward , she chanted his name in her mind, interest gripping her further. What a wonderful creature he is. She noticed that the front of Dr. Molina's blouse was mostly undone. She waited, patiently, anticipating what came next and then snorted. The vampire blinked. So did Dr. Molina. She took a few moments to collect herself. The psychiatrist followed the vampire's eyes, who Isabella knew had stared at the direction of her partially covered body with the intention of mortifying the psychiatrist. And his plan worked flawlessly. Dr. Molina gasped as she shot off from her seat and then turned to fasten the buttons. Isabella heard the vampire's booming laughter and a jumble of unintelligible words. The psychiatrist turned to look at the vampire, a look of horror crossing her eyes and then ran towards the closed door. Isabella watched in shock as the usually composed Dr. Molina, banged her small fists against the locked door. It took a few seconds before the door opened and she flew out of the room without a second thought. It made Isabella wonder exactly what the vampire—Edward, had told her fellow psychiatrist. She couldn't remember being that excited, ever. The next morning, she decided, she would meet the infamous specimen who had scared not one, but three of her colleagues. A smile spread across her lips and remained as she stared at the ceiling. Every time I open a review, I hope for the worst. I just finished my story "The Dangerous Corner" (with just the epilogue to go) and am going to be posting loads of stories and participating in a lot of competitions, and I am still hoping for the worst. Always. Until next time, Sand.