of our civilization. I had heard that the dress code was still quite liberal in Canada, and I had often considered a vacation, just to be able to wear my old sweatpants again. I never really bothered to follow through, though. "Did you hear me, Bella?" Alice asked, as I realized she had gotten me down to my underwear. "Oh, no, sorry. I guess I kind of spaced out, what did you say?" I asked, embarrassed and blushing, but enjoying being able to use slang without disapproving looks. "I said that it's nice not to always have to look over my shoulder for your mother when I don't call you 'Miss Isabella.'" She said smiling. I pulled a face in response to the title that my mother always insisted upon for the sake of propriety. I was struck by the irony that she was so hell bent on propriety and yet gave me a living sex toy for my birthday. Not that I was likely to use him for that. I wasn't quite so old fashioned as to wait for marriage, but I certainly intended to be in love when I lost my virginity. Reminded of the vampire that was supposed to be in my room, I decided to ask Alice, "By the way… my mother told me that my… umm… gift would be waiting in my room?" Alice giggled, inferring a meaning that I hadn't intended before saying, "Oh, he is." I looked around me, confused, and she giggled again. "He's in his room. You see the door in the corner?" She gestured to the unnecessary closet as she helped me into my black satin nightgown and began pulling bobby pins out of my hair and letting it fall around my shoulders. "Yes?" "That's where he sleeps." She replied. "Oh. Has he already taken the pills then?" I asked, knowing that vampires didn't sleep naturally. Still, they were expected to take pills that sedated them during the night for the safety of their masters. "I expect so, but you could wake him, if you wanted." She said, winking. "Oh… but… well, wouldn't he be still sleepy? You know… from the sedatives?" I asked, blushing. "They're not like humans, Bella. The sedatives put them out so that they can't wake themselves, but you can wake him up whenever you'd like, and he'll be completely alert and ready. " She said suggestively, and I blushed even redder than before. "Thank you, Alice." I said as she removed the last piece of metal from my hair. "You're more than welcome," Alice replied, feigning an exaggerated yawn, "I think I'll be off to bed now… in my room… three floors away , so… don't worry about any… disturbances or anything!" She giggles before dancing out of the room like the pixie that I'm convinced she secretly is. She closed the door, and I turned towards the closet door. Cautiously I opened it, not sure what I expected to find, but what I saw was not it. The vampire, only a boy, looked to be about my age. I reminded myself that he was probably hundreds of years old, but he still looked so young. There were Sangenite chains in the corner, with shackles for his wrists and ankles, but he was not currently bound. He lay on the floor on what looked like a dog bed, curled up in the fetal position. He had bronze hair that was terribly disheveled, but handsome as it fell on his beautiful face. Of course, I knew, that all vampires were beautiful, but he was so breathtaking with his sharp, angular features, relaxed in such a peaceful expression. My eyes raked over his muscular chest, which would put Michelangelo's David to shame, but I was too quickly distracted by the painful looking burns that spotted it. These burns made me feel uncomfortable for some reason, so I looked away. There was a small sink in the corner with a toothbrush on it, and, I noticed, my favorite brand of toothpaste. There were also several small cardboard boxes. Curious, and knowing that he could not wake up, I stepped over him to the sink to examine the boxes. I soon realized that there were only two types of pills, but there were several boxes of each. One was the night pills. It had instructions for use, and warnings that they could cause nightmares, dizziness, vomiting, and haemolacria, whatever that is. The other appeared to be a kind of sterilization pill for vampires. They were to be taken before intimacy with a human so that they would not get pregnant. I vaguely wondered what a half vampire baby would be like, but quickly dismissed the thought. I began to feel guilty for invading the vampires privacy, although the concept of a vampire needing privacy seemed silly, and turned to creep out of his room. As I opened the door, however, I froze, because it made a sound. It was just a small sound, and I relaxed, realizing it was probably just talking in its sleep. Suddenly, it began to yell. First it was just screams, it sounded like it was scared or in pain, and I almost screamed with it, I was so frightened. "No! No! Please! Have mercy! Please! Please!" It screamed, and my heart wrenched for the poor thing. Without thinking, I rushed over, kneeling next to him and shook him lightly by the shoulders. "Wake up. Wake up, it's okay, it's just a dream. Shhhh… it's okay. It's just a dream." I whispered, as the screaming quieted and ceased. Suddenly, the boy tensed next to me, going completely still, not even breathing. Then, faster than I could register, the beautiful vampire boy was across the room, with his back against the wall crouched down in an aggressive looking posture. My breath caught in my throat as the most terrifying snarl I had ever heard escaped from his lips. Please Review:) I love feedback of all kinds!