with a smile from his daughter, and a hug and kiss on the cheek, then seeing as she looked to Charlie for his ok. Nessie looked at Charlie, and he could see a pleading look in her eyes, the same look her mom used to give him when she wanted something, silently waiting for his reply. "Can I please ride with you grandpa", asked Nessie again looking at her grandpa, she was sure he would say no, Charlie looked at her once more before finally saying. "Sure Nessie come on" and he put his arm around her, crushing her into a tight bear hug, and guiding her to where his police cruiser was parked. Renesme got into Char lies police cruiser, waving goodbye to her dad and everybody else as she did, and then buckling her seat belt at his insistence, smiling as he drove away from the cemetery. Charlie and Nessie were getting along great, they talked the whole way to his house, and from the passenger side mirror she could see the rest of her family following closely behind them. She smiled as Charlie pulled into the driveway of a white house, it wasn't as big as the mansion, but it wasn't small either, from the moment she saw it Renesme loved it. Renesme looked at the truck again, running her hand over the side of it, across the faded orange paint, when she first saw it she had loved it, now knowing it was once her mom's Nessie found she loving it even more than before. Nessie didn't notice Charlie as he watched what she was doing, as he looked at her a sudden thought popped into his head at that moment. "Edward can I talk to you over here a minute", asked Charlie, gesturing for Edward to follow him, and looking behind himself to make sure he was. Edward walked over to the side of the house with Charlie, stopping just underneath what had once been Bella's bedroom window. "Edward, Nessie's gonna be sixteen soon right", asked Charlie as he looked at him intently noticing how he kept glancing up at the window. Edward nodded, listening as Charlie continued slowly, and with a nervous tone in his voice, trying to pay attention as Charlie spoke, but he couldn't stop looking up at that window, he couldn't help thinking to himself how many times had he climbed to that very window to lay with Bella as she slept, silently watching over her in her sleep. " Can I give Nessie, Bella's old truck Edward I think she'd really like that ", asked Charlie, those were the words that shook Edward from his thoughts of the past, and suddenly his heart warmed at the thought of Charlie wanting to give their daughter a gift that sentimental. After coming back to the group the two found Renesme like her father had been before stuck in her own thoughts, thinking of something they didn't have the slightest idea about. Charlie looked at Nessie, whose hand was still on the truck, gently stroking the light orange paint, and acting as if no one else was around. Clearing his throat Charlie made Renesme fall out of her own thoughts and gained her attention, she was now looking at him waiting to find out what exactly he had to say. "Nessie would you like to have this truck", asked Charlie, watching her closely waiting for her reaction, and for seconds no one knew what her answer would be or how she would react. Then they all saw a smile start to reveal itself on her face, and a star like light come into her eyes, and they each at that moment knew what her answer would be. "Oh my god really grandpa yeah", laughed Nessie. Smiling at him, she thanked him, and hugging him tightly in response to this wonderful gift. Charlie smiled glad that he could make his granddaughter smile like that, and make her so happy, and inside part of him knew Bella would have wanted her to have that truck. They all went inside Charlie's house where Nessie was presented with the keys to the truck, and she rewarded him with another hug for this. As they all talked together in the living room of the house, Nessie looked at the pictures Charlie had on his mantle, and she instantly knew who the girl in the pictures were. One photo though had someone in it she had never seen before, it was of Charlie obviously taken when he was much younger with a woman holding a baby in her arms, and they were both smiling down at the little bundle. Nessie knew the baby must be her mom, every picture on the mantle was, but she didn't know who the woman in the picture was. Picking up the photo, Nessie carried the picture over to Charlie, sitting down with him on the couch. "Grandpa who is this in the picture", asked Nessie, showing him the photo she was speaking of, her curiosity making her rather impatient in a way. Charlie didn't get a chance to answer her question or even look at the picture she was thrusting at him cause at that moment Renesme heard Carlisle start to speak. "I'm sorry, but we really must be going Charlie but we'll drop by again tomorrow", and before Renesme knew it everyone around her was saying their goodbyes and embracing while some shook hands. "Dad can I stay here with grandpa tonight please, so we can talk more about mom", asked Nessie in a sweet childlike tone. Edward was reluctant to let her, but after her begging and promising she'd be good he finally gave in and consented, hugging and kissing her on the forehead before leaving with the rest of the family and going back to the mansion, and as they pulled away he couldn't help but look back this was the first time she had ever been away from home.