down at me, and laid then her anxious stare back on Edward, carefully saying, "But he's a guest and it's not even ten o'clock." "Just do as I order, Mrs. Setoz!" "Of course, Mr. Cullen." She looked for a moment at the monitor, then dialed the correct call-through, after she found it. It took a while but then Mrs. Setoz spoke. "Mr. Swan? Please excuse for the early call but Edward Cullen, owner of the 'Four Seasons', asked you for coming immediately to the lobby." Owner? What? But he said… I heard a loud voice from the receiver and made a grimace. "No… I completely understand… but…" Edward impatiently whipped the phone out of her hand. "Charles Swan? Cullen here. It's about your daughter. I'm waiting here for you. And hurry up!" And just like this he hung up. Oh dear! Charles would go wild. I swallowed hard and rapidly washed away any remaining tears. If nothing else, at least I didn't want to whine miserable when I have to confront him. The appearance of strength was something that Charles let calm down if only a little bit. Five minutes later he came storming down the stairs. Crimson-faced! Without ostentation I stepped closer to Edward. "What have you been up to now? Can't I just for one damn… You're still wearing that bathing suit? Didn't I say…" Edward shoved himself in front of me and hissed, "It was a gift from me." Then continued with a calmer voice, "That soon is nothing of your concern though, as you're not responsible for her anymore. That I'll make sure of!" "Huh, and how exactly will you manage to achieve this?" Offending ironical my father crossed his arms. Apparently he didn't expect an answer as he continued outright, "Please tell me, so I can help you to realize this dream. I already tried to give her in a foster care but they don't take her as long as at least one relative exists." "This mistake could easily be corrected," Edward mumbled but then he clearly said something that knocked my socks off, " I'm going to take her under guardianship." My head whipped up. Charles, as well, peered disbelievingly. "That is a joke. What do you want with a little brat? You're pretty young yourself. Do you really want to waste your best years to raise a foreign child?" "It's none of your fucking business with what I squander my years! Right this very day she'll move out from your room and getting one herself. A maid will keep an eye on her so long until I worked something better out. But that isn't really intriguing for you, am I right?" With ice-cold eyes he looked down at my father. Charles sniffed indignantly. "Martha," Edward called. A young woman in uniform looked back to him from the other side of the hall. "Could you please escort Isabella to an empty room and watch her for a while until I take over?" I crossed my arms. Why did he always act as if I were four instead of twelve? "I'm awfully well capable of looking out for myself. I'm no invalid," I said looking daggers at Edward. Frowning he looked down to me as if he considered if I really can handle something like this. I tried to look angry but somehow I couldn't. For that my innermost cheered too loudly. Me! With Edward! Staying! Guardian! I still couldn't get my head around it. I didn't want to celebrate too soon though. In the end I only would be disappointed. There is still the possibility that it couldn't work at all. The maid came to me. "Yes, Mr. Cullen. Of course. Follow me, luv!" I followed Martha in one of the hotel rooms. She looked really nice. And really beautiful. Edward addressed her in confidence. She had to be a friend of his, therefore I could probably trust her. It took some time to convince her that I'd be getting along fine by myself, and went to get me some food before focusing on her work again. Out of boredom I eventually turned the TV on. But I couldn't concentrate on it. I wondered what Edward was discussing with Charles. Did they even discuss something? Did he took action? If so, then what? Why is it taking so long? Finally it knocked and after I called them in, Edward appeared on the threshold. "You should ask before you let someone in! And under no condition let the door unclosed!" I overlooked his rebuke. "What's the matter? How are things?" Edward sighed. "It'll be hard but everything'll go off all right. We have to go through a few trials, Bella, but I've got some authority. Besides, your father is more than willing to get rid of you." When he said that his jaw tensed and he clenched his fists. All this was getting too much for me. I didn't understand. I ran my hand over my forehead then looked at him uncomprehendingly. "Why are you willingly doing this for me? I… don't get it." Edward waved my issues nonchalantly aside. "Everybody needs a decent environment to grow up. Furthermore you should go to school. You need an education…" "I've been to school…," I murmured, abashed, in between. "I mean not just occasionally! I have the money and the ability to ensure you those safeties." He shrugged. "But there are countless children who are in need of this." Did he want to save the whole world? "Then you should be grateful that you fell right into my hands. Enough now, Isabella! We still have a long way to go. There's no need to deal with the 'why'." "I am." He stopped in his tracks and looked at me puzzled. "What?" "Grateful that I fell into your hands. And happy!" That made him smile what I tenderly returned. Oh yeah . Today was a good day! I thank you so, Amber Cheney. I made the corrections! :)