to a courtyard and took their possessions opposite each other. I knew exactly what they were going to do; attack me, well, try to anyways. "Bella we want to see what you got so we're going to come at you, we won't hurt you so don't be afraid." Demetri smirked at the last part, I hid my smirk. "O- okay then." I said letting my voice crack a bit. I had a plan already mapped out in my head, I was going to wait until the last possible second and then throw them back. Without hesitation Demetri hurled his self at me, while Felix watched from the side lines. Sculptia covered her eyes peeking through one finger like she was afraid of something. Just as I had planned Demetri had just tried to pounce on me. At the last second I snapped my shield out successfully throwing him back, but when I saw where he would land I caught him around the foot so he was dangling in front of an apple tree. I sighed with relief and made my way over to what caught my eye in the first place. It was nest with a raven in it. When I approached it didn't try to hurt me as its nature, no it surprised me instead by landing on my shoulder. "Hello, I'm Artemis what is your name?" it asked. I froze and looked around at Demetri who was still hanging upside down. "My name is Bella, nice to meet you." I said after a moment. "Bella who are you talking to?" Felix asked coming over to where I was at. I didn't want to tell them that I was talking to a bird but I felt like I should. I sucked in some air. "Artemis." I said pointing to the bird. He raised an eyebrow at me in alarm. I giggled a little at his expression. "Why do you play with vampires?" Artemis asked me looking at him suspiciously. "Because they can't hurt me, they're kind of weaker than me. Hey, why are you talking to me? I thought birds couldn't talk." I said curiously. The Raven chuckled. "I felt drawn to you for some reason, haven't you noticed the other animals that surround you?" he asked, but I shook my head. "Bella stop being a loon and put me down!" Demetri order, drawing my attention away from my newly made friend, I looked over at him irritatingly and dropped him on his head. Everyone laughed except Demetri as he was too busy rubbing his head. I then turned serious again. "Um… you guys?" I asked bringing them out of their musings. They looked at me curiously. "I think I can talk to animals." They looked intrigued and understanding. I wasn't used to being treated like anyone else; I was used to being treated like a freak when Renée looked at me strangely for coming to her about these things, it felt nice. "This is Artemis everybody, Artemis this is Sculptia, Demetri, and Felix." I said pointing at everyone in introduction. "Artemis just landed on my shoulder and started to talk. Can I keep her?" I asked them hopefully. To my pleasure they nodded in unison. I grinned and turned to Artemis who was smiling. "I've never had a friend before; I was always alone because my flock left me behind." She said sadly. I felt pang of pity for her because I knew what it felt to be alone. Renee was a good mom but her leaving me like that took the cake. "Yeah I know what you mean my mom, Renée,told me i was a monster and left." I smiled bitterly at the memories. "But we can be friends you'll be my best friend." I said smiling warmly. Artemis nodded her head in delight. We headed back in because I was getting hungry and so was Artemis. Sculptia had a woman make me something to eat. I played with Artemis as I ate. Once I was done, Artemis jumped onto my shoulder and we left for my next class, Demetri and Felix tagged along silently following us in the shadows of the corridor I was currently in. Renata was waiting for us by a door. She smiled at me and motioned for me to go into the room that we would occupy. I sat down at a lone desk in the middle of the room. I looked over at her. She was talking to Demetri and Felix. Soon Renata came in with a grin plastered on her face. Artemis looked at me nervously but I smiled at her reassuringly. "How do you know?" she asked stiffly. I rolled my eyes at her silliness. "Because even if she did try to attack us I could just hold her in the air like Demetri plus I do have a vampire proof shield." I said triumphantly. Renata looked curiously at us so I explained. "Artemis is a little uneasy about being around vampires but I told her that I would be there to save her if one of you decides to take a bite of her, which I highly doubt." I said gently petting the bird in question. She nodded in understanding. Renata then started the lesson, she first asked me how much I knew about history already and I told that I knew all about American history, Italy's history and history from around the world all from reading books on the topic. She was amazed by this and started to teach me about the vampire's existence. By the end of the day I had gotten to know everyone and been taught a lot of new things. It seemed everyone liked me and I them. Jane and Alec helped me with my gift and I explained my newest one to them. They were quite interested in them. I was currently in my new room getting ready for bed. I brushed my teeth then got in my bed and fell asleep.