time in our history humans pose a threat to our kind. Their modern technology has given birth to weapons that could destroy us. Maintaining our secret has never been more imperative. In such perilous times, only the known is safe. Only the known is tolerable. And we know nothing of what this child will become. Can we live with such uncertainty? Spare ourselves a fight today, only to die tomorrow." Aro speaks pacing in front of his group, and making our group more nervous and angry by the second. "Cowards." I hiss pissed off at the man. Aro whipped around to find the person who spoke, and I was just about to step forward when two figures emerged from the nearby woods. "HA!" Aro says rubbing his hands together. "Alice." Edward says. I freeze in my spot and look over at the two people, as they get closer over to Aro. I can see them more clearly and realize that it is my sister. One year older than me but still her. I didn't realize that I took a step toward her until Alistair pulled me back and put his arm around my waist to hold me there. I leaned against him a little bored, but I could also sense that what was going to happen wouldn't happen anymore. There would be no battle today and Alice will show that bastard what's what. "My dear, dear Alice, we're so glad to see you here, after all." Aro says. Two guards had stopped Alice and her mate from getting any closer. "I have evidence the child won't be a risk to our kind." She says. Aro looks at her with suspicion and curiosity. "Let me show you." She offers her hand out to him. Aro motions to the guards and they let her go but keep her mate back. "Brother?" Caius asks. Aro ignores him as Alice walks up to Aro letting him take her hand in a greedy manner. Alice shows Aro something and it takes a while until he lets go of her hand and backs up. "Now you know. That's your future. Unless you decide on another course." Alice says stepping back. "We cannot alter our course. The child still poses a grave threat." Caius growls. "But what if you were sure she could remain concealed from the human world? Could we leave in peace?" Edward asks with a knowing smile. I smile as well sensing the two people in the woods just waiting to come out. "Of course, But that cannot be known." Caius remarks. "Actually, it can." Edward says. The two people that were waiting, walk out of the woods, they walk over to them and stand beside Alice. "I've been searching for witnesses of my own among the Ticuna tribes of Brazil." Alice says. "We have enough witnesses." Caius speaks. "Let him speak, brother." Aro holds up his hand. "I am half human, half vampire. Like the child. A vampire seduced my mother, who died giving birth to me. My aunt Huilen raised me as her own. I made her immortal." He says. "How old are you?" Bella asks. "A hundred and fifty years." He says back to her. "At what age did you reach maturity?" Aro asks. "I became full-grown seven years after my birth. I have not changed since then." He says. I start to zone out then and play with the end of Alistair's jacket, while humming softly. When Alistair shakes me out of my daze I look up to see the Volturi and their army leaving. I walk with Alistair up to the Cullen's as they are all hugging and rejoicing. "We have them on the run. Now is the time to attack." Vladimir spits out. "Not today." Carlisle says with a huge smile on his face. "You are all fools! The Volturi might be gone. But they will never forgive what happened here." Stefan puts in. I scoff at them and turn to see Alice and her mate speaking with Bella and Edward. Edward looks over at me then and beckons me forward. I gulp nervously and look up at Alistair when he squeezes my hand gently. I smile back softly at him then take a deep breath and walk over to the group while Alistair goes over to Carlisle and Esme. "Hello." I say nodding to them. "Allie, thank you for your help with Tanya and Kate." Edward says hugging me gently. "Your welcome, but I told you I was here to protect your family, and that meant all of them." I say looking at the large group around us. "Who did you come here with?" Alice's mate asks me. "No one. I came because I knew my sister would want me here." I say feeling a wave of calm come over me. "Who's your sister?" Alice asks looking around the group. I take a deep breath then look up right at her. "You." Alice stares at me shocked for a second then a glint of recognition crosses her eyes. "I always had one visitor in that asylum. She gave me this on her very last visit." Alice says lifting our necklace up. "That was our 18th birthday. I was bitten that night on my way home." I say pulling out my necklace as well. Alice moved then and I was in her arms in a bone crushing hung. That is if she was able to. I hugged her back just as tight and we stood there for a while until Carlisle, Esme, and Alistair walked over to us. "What's going on here?" Esme asks already knowing. "Two sisters reuniting." Alice says pulling away from me. "Yeah after too many centuries being away from each other." I add. "Well let's take this reunion back to the house. Everyone is ready to leave for their homes." Carlisle says. Alice goes over to her mate and I interlock my hands with Alistair's as we all head back to the Cullen house.