drops down so I am watching my feet as I walk to her. She stays quiet gathering herself with a long drag of air she then makes me look up at her and I felt as if our roles were reversed. "Hey don't pull one of my famous moves" I smile down at her and as she giggled I tenderly wiped her tears from her eyes and wrapped my arms around her and she stepped closer. After a while of calming my princess down as she stayed in my arms I listened as she began to tell the story of her brother. Tohme's POV "I was 17 and it was Jackson's 13th Birthday. As you well know ..when a boy or girl turns the age of 13 that is when they can shift for the first time. " I take a deep breath and distract myself with the scent of Jake's Cologne so I do not begin to cry again. " Well Jax and I had parents but they had always tended to ...well fight and argue a lot so Jackson told me He wanted to shift with me and not them. I took him into the woods and we played around and I taught him all about hunting and tracking and what he was to expect." Even though the sun is bearing down on me the goosebumps race down my skin and feeling this Jacob's grip tightens and he kisses the top of my head letting me know to continue. " Well Jax was so excited and he told me he wanted to go somewhere where he would always remember that day..So I took him past territory lines to my favorite little waterfall ...But of course this was in the yunic Pack territory but I thought he would be safe. " I could not stop the tears even if I had a million distractions because they just came and there was no escaping it. I bit my lip and continued. "Jax was so excited, he thought the waterfall was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He ran and I ran with him and he planned on shifting a he leapt over the waterfall but when he jumped The Yunic Pack warrior ...grabbed him and ...there was blood everywhere. " The sobs became uncontrollable and the stain of tears on Jacobs shirt began to grow but he continued to listen and try his hardest to comfort me. "I could not get to him...He never got to shift ...He never got to be 14 Or !5 or any age other than damn 13 and it is all my fault" Jacob's POV Well I now understood why she had not liked seeing the waterfall even if it was not the same one. I looked down at her and tears threatened my own lashes just at the fact that she was crying. I made her look up at me and I held her close. "Tohme Baby I want you to listen to me, Nothing was your fault you were watching your brother. You loved him and you were trying to give him the best day to remember. It was not your fault that the Yunic Came. You might have went to their territory but they know better. Nowhere does it state that they are allowed to attack unless there is a vicious act out that will threaten their pack. It was not you and don't you dare blame yourself." I smile down at her and she buries her face back into my chest. We stand there for a while as Tohme relaxes and calms herself down. The sound of the waves dance at our feet and I just hold her all the while. There is a warm feeling connecting Tohme and I but I try to block it out. However inside I wish I could just hold her and make sure she is ok always. She sniffles and finally looks up at me with a dazzling smile that could take any man's breath away. "Thank you Jake". She gets on her toes and brushes her lips against mine making me blush like a little boy. "Anytime beautiful" I reply back and walk down the beach with her. Tohme's POV It sucks feeling like an idiot, Because an Idiot is exactly how I feel right about now. I love some man I barely know and he probably only wants me for a reason that has nothing to do with love, More like lust which I could not deny I had that too. "Jacob I .." He cut me off before I could excuse myself and return home where I did not have to think about the fact that he would probably not want me and he says words that make my heart stop. " I can not lose you. I can not watch you love someone else. I can not keep myself away from you. I can not even breathe sometimes because I just want to scoop you up and kiss you till you forget what day it is...Tohme I believe I have imprinted on you and I know we barely know each other but I need you to understand. I can not just...not have you ." He stood there and looked down upon me with his warm eyes that flashed a moment and I jumped up wrapping my arms tightly around his neck forcing him down to my level not even caring that I was short and My mouth is to his like he is my oxygen. It isn't long till he moves along with me and kisses me back yet his kisses are a little more demanding and it becomes plain obvious of his dominance when he tilts my head back parting my lips with his tongue. I close my eyes holding back a whimper that escapes anyways and he lifts me effortlessly. Jacob's POV Well she about did it. I snapped and there is no going back. "Poor Girl"