to all along. It took a moment for her to get the courage to look at her reflection in the mirror behind the counter. She knew that what she'd see wouldn't be pretty, but looked anyway. Her mossy green eyes were rimmed in dark circles and her lips were severely dry to the point that there were some cracks that looked a little bloody. Her skin was a pale color, but nowhere near as pale as Carlisle's, and very clean considering her journey. And her hair wasn't the bird's nest that she thought it would be. No, someone had taken the time to brush out the knots and shampooed the dark tresses, letting the hair fall to just below her shoulder blades. Sadie put her hands on her hips and looked at her reflection. "Huh…Someone likes to pay attention to details," she muttered to herself. A soft knock on the door brought her back to the present. She turned and opened the door, coming face to face with another vampire – this one a female with a pixie haircut. The vampire smiled broadly and held her hand out. "Hi Sadie. I'm Alice," the vampire said. "We're going to be great friends. How are the clothes? I could find something else if you'd want…" She held up a larger glass full of water. "I was told to give you this." "Thanks Alice?" Sadie took the glass and drained it in two gulps. "The clothes are fine. Really. Thank you." Alice's smile grew. "Good because we had to buy you some more since the ones that you packed aren't really great for this climate and some had to be thrown away because of the damage." She reached out and took hold of Sadie's hand, pulling her after her. "I'm supposed to take you to the kitchen for food and introductions. I know you're going to love it here." Sadie felt her stomach clench at the thought of food. She placed her free hand on her stomach, trying to mentally command it to stop being so annoying. The whole house could probably hear her stomach and the vampires were probably enjoying the freak show that was her. "How can you stand the scent of me?" Sadie asked, lowering her hand as Alice took her down some steps. "Because your scent isn't so bad," Alice explained with a small smile. "I've been desensitized to the smell of wolves, thanks to my brother's girlfriend's friend. You've met the friend's pack leader, Sam." Alice paused and turned. "You don't have a problem with my scent, do you?" "No, no. I'm used to the smell of vampires." Sadie glanced around the hall. "Once you've been hunting vampires enough, you learn how to handle the smell." Her eyes turned back onto Alice. "Your smell isn't as harsh on my nose as the usual vampire is." "Thanks," Alice said, her smile growing bigger. "Let's go meet my family. They've been dying to talk to you." Sadie's nose smelled the scent of cooking food and she greedily scented the air. It smelled like chili was being made- vegetarian chili, but chili nonetheless. Alice only let her hand drop when they were in the kitchen. A kind looking woman stepped away from the pot on the stove and moved towards Sadie with open arms. "Hello Sadie," the woman said, taking hold of both of Sadie's hands and squeezing them. "I'm Esme." "Hi Esme. Um…thanks for taking care of me," Sadie muttered, looking at her. "I don't mean to be a bother." "Nonsense. You're not a bother in the slightest, dear." Esme turned and motioned at the other man in the kitchen. "Sadie, this is my son, Jasper." Jasper made no move to come closer to Sadie and she was okay with that. He smiled softly at Alice when the vampire danced over to kiss him on the cheek before returning to the pot of chili. Sadie shoved her hands in the pockets of her jeans and glanced around the room. "Is this all of the people who live here?" she asked, looking back at Esme. "Oh, no. I have three more children," Esme explained, guiding Sadie towards the kitchen island. "Emmett and Rosalie are out in the mountains hunting, so they won't be back for a day or two. Edward will be here in a little while with his girlfriend." Esme's warm eyes sparkled. "I'm sure that all of them will be happy to see you." "Except for Rosalie," Jasper whispered, shaking his head. "She's going to complain about having a wolf living in the house." "This Rosalie person," Sadie began, sitting on the stool that she was ushered to. "Doesn't she already know that I'm here?" "No. She and Emmett left the house a couple hours before I knew that you were coming here," Alice explained, pulling out a couple of bowls. "They didn't take their cell phones and we're not going to hunt them down, so they don't know that you are here. It'll be a surprise for both of them." "Emmett hates surprises that he doesn't get to plan," Jasper said. "He'll have to deal with it." Esme's eyes turned towards Sadie when the wolf's stomach growled again. "Let's get some food into you, dear. You must tell me how it turned out because I haven't had to cook in ages and Bella hasn't eaten much when she comes over." Sadie took the spoon that was thrust at her and breathed in the warm steam coming from the chili. "I'll let you know," she promised. OOOOOOOOO A/N: So, what did you think? Please leave a comment or two in the little review box and I'll read them when I can. Keep the flames civil and no name calling allowed. The next update isn't going to come quickly as it is with all of the other stories that I have on here. Please understand that I don't live on the site, but I will be writing. Thanks again! -Scarlet