you are in enough trouble as it is." "Whatever Carlisle! just leave me alone!" I turned over on to my stomach and hid my face in my pillow. "Look at me when I am speaking to you, Elizabeth" Carlisle said "no, I don't want to, just go away" I mumbled in to my pillow. "NOW YOUNG LADY" he said, with a raised voice. "I SAID NO, LEAVE ME A..." Carlisle put his arms around my waist and quickly lifted me up, mid sentence, and placed me over his knee. "What the fuck are you.. OOOWW" I shouted as he swatted me. "What are you doing?" I asked but was only answered with another two sharp smacks to my behind. Carlisle lifted me up off his knee and sat me on the bed next to him. "Why did you do that" I asked, trying not to cry. It didn't really hurt me, physically anyway, just my pride was wounded. "Because you were being rude, disobeying me and cussing." he said, matter of factly, I wanted to smack him back. "You can't do that though" "and why not?" He countered, "Because... You just can't!" Was my lame reply. Carlisle looked at me with slight amusement in his eyes. "Elizabeth, you are a child and for all intents and purposes - I am your father. When a child is deliberately rude or disobedient to their parent, or any elder for that matter, they need to be punished. My chosen form of punishments is a spanking, corner time or groundings, depending on the act what has been done, as I have found that they are the best and most effective ways to curb my children's attitudes and bad behaviour." Carlisle looked down at me, waiting for me to respond to his earlier statement but I couldn't find my voice. I was mulling over the fact he had just said he was my father. I know it followed 'for all intents and purposes' but still... It shocked me to hear that he considers himself as a father to me. In a way, it was kind of silly for that to shock me as he is the one who has looked after me since I came to the Cullen Castle. He has provided me with a bed to sleep in, clothes to wear, food to eat and he also takes me out to the movies, ice skating and other such places. I guess I thought he probably felt obliged to do those kind of things with me. "What is wrong with you, Elizabeth?" Carlisle asked me in a gentle tone. I kept playing with the hem of my shirt and shrugged my shoulders as an answer to his question. "I expect a verbal response, please Elizabeth" he tried again. "Carlisle... I really don't know what is wrong with me. I just feel confused, angry, sad, depressed and annoyed, all at the same time. I don't know what to do with myself. I know everyone is getting annoyed and fed up with me and it won't be long before you all want me to leave." I pried my eyes away from my fiddling hands and looked in to Carlisle's eyes. What I seen confused me... He looked hurt and offended. I couldn't understand that response. After a few moments, Carlisle smoothed his face and asked me "why would you think we would ask you to leave?" He had a curious look to his face now as he stared straight in to my eyes. "Because I'm not really apart of your family. I mess everything up and I annoy everyone with my carelessness and stupidity. Jasper hates me, Rosalie doesn't like being around me and everyone else just puts up with me besides Edward and Bella. Sometimes I feel like I don't belong here but at the same time - I don't belong anywhere. I hate who I am and I wish I could be one or the other instead of half and half." I felt my eyes welling up so I turned away from Carlisle so he couldn't see me cry. I froze and held my breath as once again I could feel Carlisle's arms around my waist. I don't want him to hit me again so I tried to pull away. It did no use as he is much stronger than me. To my surprise, he sat me on his lap and not over it. I looked him in the eyes as other traitorous, venom filled tears fell down my face. Carlisle lifted his right hand to my face and gently wiped all traces of the tears away with his thumb. He then made a shushing sound as he wrapped both of his arms around me and pulled me in to his chest. I returned the embrace but found myself crying harder than before. Once my cries had subsided, I pulled back a bit from Carlisle. I never said a word, I just stared at his face and waited. A few seconds passed before he cleared his throat and announced "baby girl... Don't you ever think that we would turn you away or ask you to leave. You are as much a part of this family as everyone else! Esme and I love you as much as we love our other children! All of your siblings, love you too! No matter what happens, never doubt our love for you." At that point, I felt my emotional barriers collapse. For the first time in my life, I felt loved. I felt wanted. "Do you really mean it, Carlisle?" I asked him, with the biggest lump in my throat that I have ever felt. "Of course I do sweetheart" he told me, with the most sincerest look on his face. I couldn't doubt him anymore! I stood up, wrapped my arms around his neck and gave him a massive cuddle. I was so happy. For the first time in my short life, I was glad to be me!