considerably bigger—that appeared to be on four legs. The bear , I realized, that's what it must be . Vampires, bears, and delusional teenaged boys. The forest was a living nightmare. More scuffling came on the right hand side and I stayed as still as I could. The bear wasn't alone. Just before the cause of the sounds reached the opening in front of me, something came crashing down on the leaves just ten feet from me. A body . . . minus the head. A bear pounced from the right and swiftly tore an arm off the body. I was shocked even further when there was no blood in the wound. It was dry and jagged, like a rock. It was then that I looked to the bear. It wasn't moving now. It wasn't a bear. Standing on the strange corpse was an enormous, eight foot tall wolf ! My heart stopped for a second and the wolf looked down to me. He knew where I was despite all the branches covering me. I was his next kill. This time I couldn't make myself close my eyes. I stared back to him stupidly—dark brown, piercing eyes sitting between narrowed lids. But he didn't attack. He just stared . . . until something landed on the ground by his tire-sized paw that distracted him. I looked down at the same time as the wolf, and my eyes widened even further. The missing head. It had long inky black hair and a face I recognized even in its dismembered state. Laurent! The impossibly large wolves had killed a vampire. Three more of them came in from both sides at that moment and began tearing at the body. I watched—both terrified and enamored—as they ripped through the impenetrable skin with nothing but their teeth. Having seen the strength of vampire skin myself, I didn't even want to guess how hard their teeth were to make them strong enough to do that. I didn't want to guess how easily they could slice through my skin. They piled up the pieces with eerily human-like co-ordination, and once they were done, the atmosphere changed. It got insanely tense in the blink of an eye. One of the brown wolves, the largest from what I could see, turned on one of the grey ones. He barred his teeth and dug at the ground with his huge claws, growling and snapping. The grey one responded; his hackles rose as he dropped his head below his shoulders and growled back. It took only ten seconds, maybe even less, for the grey one to lunge. They gargantuan bodies collided with a deep thump and both reared up onto their hind legs, making attempts for the others throat. I realized all too late just how close to me they were. The brown one took a step back and his foot grazed my knee, then with a hard lunge from the grey one, both fell to the ground—collecting all the trees on my right. I struggled to get out of the way and forced myself into a space that was far too small between the plants on my left to prevent myself from being crushed. The two of them continued fighting on the ground. They'd gone from working together to kill Laurent, to fighting amongst themselves. These creatures were volatile and impulsive. Dangerous. The snarls and snapping jaws continued for a few more long seconds, then, with a yelp, the fight was finished. The brown wolf stood and growled deeply before sprinting off—taking three of the others with him. Now I was left with the grey wolf and another black one. Silence followed the departure of other four wolves. The two remaining animals looked at each other for a long while, then—as if admitting defeat—the black wolf exhaled loudly and walked off in a much calmer manner than the other had. Now it was just the grey wolf and I. Had that whole fight thing been about who'd get to eat me? Had he won? There was no way I'd be able to out run him or fight him off. He knew where I was, so hiding was impossible. I watched him pace back and forwards in front of me like a caged lion. Several times, he paused and looked directly to my eyes, then growled as if frustrated before continuing to pace. It was such a bizarre thing to watch an animal seemingly experiencing a high level of confliction. Maybe he had a conscience or something. He didn't want to kill me. Had the brown wolf won and it was now the grey wolf's job to execute me? Holy crap, the tension was going to kill me before the wolf could get around to it. The wolf paused in his tracks once again and snarled a deafening roar, then threw back his head and started to tremble. His body shrunk and his fur seemed to disappear. In a second, maybe less, the wolf was gone and a naked man lie on the ground here it once stood. I couldn't breathe anymore. My eyes went wide and my mouth fell open. This couldn't be real ! But then again, vampires are. Who's to say giant wolves aren't? The factor that shook me the most—one I refused to acknowledge immediately—was just how much the hunched over man looked like Paul. Impossible. When I focused my eyes again and came out of my thoughts, he was moving—struggling with what looked like pants. He kicked angrily for another second, then stood up and buttoned the cut-off jeans as he moved. I recognized the shorts, the shade of brown that his skin was, the quietly spoken "Fuck this fucking shit to fucking hell" that was just audible to my ears. It was him. Paul had just transformed from a massive wolf to a human. It was the impossible proved possible. And it was too much. My neck went limp and the world faded to black.