group. She really wasn't about making any friends. Not even the girl who knew she wasn't going to make friends was going to be my friend. I shook my head, walking to the other side of the group, farthest away from Mr. Cullen. We all walked out as a group and began running. I let my feet take over and just drifted for a while, warming up. It didn't take long for me to realize that I was more than fifty feet ahead of the group, ahead of the athletic scholarship. Mr. Cullen was only a few feet ahead of me and it didn't take long for me to end up right beside him. He didn't notice at first, but when he did, his eyes bugged out of his head. "Seriously, Swan, don't push yourself too hard." He spoke, his breath slightly shaky. "Please." I scoffed, still not quite so shaken and tired. "This is a nice pace for me." "Holy shit." He huffed and I couldn't help but laugh a little. What started out as a pace-setting run, turned into a race very quickly. Mr. Cullen and I made it around the course and back to the school long before the other girls. We were more than a football field away from them before we knew it. When we finally got to our destination, we both sat down on a wall behind the building, where we had started, and cooled down with our waters. The only sound being made was the squeezing of water bottles and our rough huffing and puffing. "You, my friend, have quite a set of legs." He laughed and I rolled my eyes. "I could say the same to you, old man." "I'm not kidding. I can't wait to see you compete." He smiled, his goofy crooked grin showing. "Thanks." I sighed, feeling more comfortable once my breathing slowed. "You're not half bad either, old man." "Old man!" He laughed. "Please, I'm only twenty-two." "I know." I sighed. "I was just messing with you." "You weren't kidding when you said that you would keep up." He commented and I shrugged nonchalantly. "I don't mess around." I shrugged. "It gets very lonely at my house – Phil and Renee are literally always on the road for his work. They're only home during the school's baseball season, when Phil coaches, and even then they aren't really home. It gets lonely, so I go for runs." "I see." He spoke softly and I didn't say anything else. I didn't know what else I was supposed to tell him. "Jeez, Bella!" Angela appeared around the corner, completely winded and sheathed in sweat. I stood to offer her help but she shook her head, her red face excited. "I've never seen anyone so fast but paced. That was ridiculous." "Thanks…" I swiped at my forehead and she nodded. "I'm gonna' have to try harder if I want to feel like I earned this scholarship." She added and I shrugged. "You're obviously doing pretty great, since you're so far ahead." I reassured her and she just shrugged, sitting down a few bricks away from me. "I'm gonna' go change out. See you later." She stood suddenly and ran back into the building. "That girl…she's very…driven." Mr. Cullen spoke slowly and I nodded in agreement. "I couldn't have worded it better." When the other girls arrived, Mr. Cullen announced that he was going to go change. I went with him, and parted ways when we got to the separate locker rooms and then ended up walking back out at the same time. I didn't change out, figuring that my blouse from earlier was probably dirtier than my running clothes. Mr. Cullen was wearing his running clothes as well, but had a gym bag tossed over his shoulder. I walked with him, in what was mostly silence, out the side doors and towards the parking lot. I laughed out loud when we found out that we had parked right next to each other, and that we both drove Volvos. "Have a good night, Bella." He sighed and I couldn't help but genuinely smile at him. "Thanks…you too, Mr. Cullen. I'll see you tomorrow." The drive home was peaceful and quiet. I nearly hit the brakes when my phone, which was still lying in the passenger seat, began ringing. I picked it up and answered, relaxing into my seat when I heard Charlie's gruff voice over the other end of the line. "How was your day?" He asked me and I thought about it for a moment. "It was…okay." I decided that a middle ground was acceptable. There were horrible parts to my day and then better ones. "Okay is better than awful." He commented, probably thinking back to the many phone calls that I had made, completely in tears and done with the school I was attending. "You know…it really is." I agreed before proceeding to give him a play by play of the day I had. Only some part of me, I wasn't sure what it was, decided to keep Mr. Cullen a secret. There was nothing about him that I needed to keep a secret, but there was something about the connection that I had made with him that made me decide to keep our acquaintance to myself. Whether or not it meant anything to him, it caused me to look forward to the next day and the rest of the week. I was looking forward to the rest of my senior year. Author's Note: I know, I know, I know I know IknowIknowIknowIknow…another Teacherward and Bella story. I can't help it. It's been done before and it's being done again. Maybe you'll like this one enough to review? I'm open to pointers and ideas. This chapter is a bit of an introduction, they'll be running into each other some more in the future, I promise. And, of course, running together. *Reviews are better than a two-hour run with Mr. Cullen.