conversation they had before Jake ran away, they had often exchanged glances and smiles without this strange behavior. To get time to consider, what his problem was, she stood up and asked if he wanted something to drink. "Oh ... um ... yes, can you get me a Coke if you have, I like this American drink very much," Nahuel answered in his slightly foreign accent. While she browsed her fridge, she thought about Nahuel's intense stare and then his evasion of her eyes; she came to the conclusion that he seemed almost shy. To verify her observation, she turned around and caught him looking at her. He swallowed audibly and tried to avoid her eyes again, when he realized that she'd seen him staring, but she didn't put up with it. She held his gaze and felt how the atmosphere tensed. Smiling she broke the eye contact and gave him some time to recover. Yeah, now she had the proof, Nahuel was shy. He had stuttered a bit, when he had answered her question and he'd gotten even more nervous when she caught him ogle her. And, yes, it looked as if he was in fact interested in her. She knew, because of his shyness, she had to take the initiative, but could she trust him? She had to! This was her only chance to find her happiness, she mustn't be pessimistic. She set the glass of Coke on the table and sat down opposite of him. "Nahuel," she began, enjoying it to speak his name aloud. "I think you feel the connection between us, too. Am I right?" "Y ... y ... yes!" he stumbled over his answer. "When I saw you in the river, I couldn't avert my eyes from you. So ... please, forgive my staring. I didn't want to make you uncomfortable then." "Yeah, for a moment I was really furious with you. Do you do such things often in your home country? Stalking girls like this and then turn your back at them?" She demanded in the hope he would expose a little more of his past. Nahuel's eyes widened at her accusation and he hastened to answer: "No, no, no, you judge me wrong, Leah." Her name sounded special, when he used it, but she hadn't time to savor this, since he spouted off: "I never ever was involved with women in my whole life ... I think you heard the story of my life, so where should I have found a woman to care for? And I never missed anything in this regard, but then I spotted you and you looked so ... err ... yes ... um ... I ... I ... I immediately knew you were the one for me. Do you want ...," he gulped heavy, as if to encourage himself and continued hurriedly: "Do-you-want-to-be-my-girlfriend?" What? What had he said at the end? It came out in such a rush, but she still had understood the meaning of it. Her brain did back flips. He never had a woman before! And he really wanted to be with her. Now she could tell him about the imprint and she hadn't to fear a negative response. "You know what, Nahuel? ... Yes! ... Yes, I want to be your girlfriend. ... But I have to tell you something before we could go any further." His eyes, which had showed relief, when he had heard her 'Yes!' were suddenly vulnerable and fearful. She had to grin internally. "Oh, don't panic!" she reassured him, "It's nothing bad. You remember when we talked about imprinting?" His short nod invited her to go on. "So, when I looked in your eyes, down at the river, I imprinted on you. I'm yours! I love you! Forever! ... There, I said it. I hope you can handle eternity." She hadn't had to dread his reaction over her revelation. His whole face began to glow and all of sudden she was in his arms. He kissed her fervently, so she didn't hold back either. "Eternity it shall be then, my love!" he whispered into her hair, when they stopped kissing to catch their breath. ...~~~~~~~~********~~~~~~~~... AN: This time I knew exactly what I wanted to write. That Leah could imprint on Nahuel was in my mind for a long time. It seemed so logical for me, since according to Carlisle, the hybrids and the wolves had probably the same number of genes and they are similar in some other parts, like the body heat. Well, when I began to write, I knew exactly where the story should go, but I couldn't pull it off. I couldn't picture Leah right. It made me want to tear my hair out, but I couldn't get to the girl's mind. So I went with letting her show my way to deal with my feelings of loss, when my dad died. I think, though, that's not the right view of what makes Leah tick. And then I read the first two entries of the contest, and knew immediately, that I never ever could rival with the masters here and almost let it be. :-) But then again, I wanted Leah to have her happily ever after with Nahuel, so after a while I caught myself thinking out scenes of the story and went back to writing, only then the time to write was cut short. I edited the part of the story I wrote so far (because it was another POV) and continued it to the point where it is currently. When I began to write I wanted to insert some Nahuel's POV (which I already have written) and a nice lemon, but I hadn't enough time. So, perhaps I rework the whole thing sometime and write it in a new form. :-) Oh, well, I forgot; I had no time to let the story beta, I hope it hasn't too much twisted 'German' sentences and wrongly applied phrases and synonyms. Yours Renata