Rosalie, Isabella, and Jessica—" "Mr. Cullen?" Rosalie said, the end of her voice heightening with excitement. "Mr. Cullen. That sounds so weird," Emmett mused. "Edward is fine," Edward noted awkwardly. Automatically, all three of the guys offered their seats to the girls in which only two of the girls took. Rosalie and Jessica sat down with a 'thanks' as Jasper and Emmett stood next to the table. They were both equally tall enough to still maintain eye level even with the girls sitting. Edward stood openly, gesturing his vacant stool to Bella who looked from Rosalie to Jessica until she cleared her throat. "I'm going to get another beer," she shouted over the music, squinting playfully at Rose in hindsight before leaving. Without much thought, Edward downed his beer and set it back on the table. "I'm going too." And followed her. At the counter, he offered a smile at Bella before she got the attention of the bartender. And before she could answer, Edward held up two fingers to the bartender who nodded at him. "Thank you," Bella said politely. They shared a look before Bella shyly backed down, and focused on the bar counter. Edward's grab for something to say seemed harder than it had been in the past for him. This girl was enthralling in ways that stunned Edward's performance in charm. "So in all honesty, what did you think of the seminar?" He asked halfheartedly. He didn't really care about her reply; he just wanted to talk to her. "It's not anything I haven't heard before," she shrugged her shoulders. Edward raised an eyebrow. "Oh? You good with money?" "I bought my own car when I was 18. I pay for my own expenses." "Car insurance too?" he joked. "Want to see my bills?" He chuckled. "No, not until the second date." Her laugh was pleasant and cute and it made Edward crack a smile. The bartender eventually brought them their drinks but they remained at the bar while they took their first sips. "So I think my friend likes your friend Rose." "The big guy is going to have a hard time." Edward assumed Bella was referring Emmett to his size as he was considerably taller and overall bigger, compared to Jasper and himself. "Hard to get?" "Not exactly. He's not really… her type." Bella took another sip of beer, her long fingernails wrapping around the base of the bottle securely. Her lipstick stained the bottle neck. "What's her type?" he asked, vacantly curious. "Someone with long hair and boobs." Instantly, he understood and didn't ask more about it. But his curiosity about something else caught the better of him and he leaned in closer. "What's your type?" Bella put her bottle down, biting into her lip like she didn't know the answer. Maybe for the first time since seeing him, Bella finally took a long look at Edward Cullen. She and Rosalie both had blatantly pointed out that he was good looking; that was obvious. But he carried himself in a certain way that Bella hadn't found in other guys at her college. Edward was older, maybe not by much but older than her. And he wore a casual button down shirt with dark pants; casual but still more professional than anything the other guys in this club were wearing. He was straight up business; at work, he probably carried a briefcase and had his own secretary. Combed his hair and owned an affordable yet promising apartment in the nicer part of town. When thinking about it, Edward Cullen wasn't necessary not Bella's type but just someone she had never dated. And she guessed she was someone Edward had never dated. Because with a look in the mirror, the two of them were complete opposites. Bella thought to her roommate Alice, and figured she was more of the girl he would date. Brown hair, brown eyes, English major, wore dresses. Not boring but… standard. She saved her answer for herself because Rosalie had fished the two of them back to their shared table. And eventually Bella did take Edward's offered chair and the girls sat and drank their beers along with the guys who stood and drank theirs. And Emmett continuously hit on Rosalie the entire night while Rosalie nondescriptly hit on the woman bartender collecting the empty beer bottles. Near the end of the night, Jasper and Emmett waited, a few blocks down, for the city bus to arrive for the girls. Initially, the offer for a taxi was thrown in but the girls insisted on not having the guys pay for another expense of theirs, as the guys had already picked up the tab on all the drinks. While waiting, Bella pulled Edward over to the side. "So, you can come over and look at my car payments if you want," she said in a low voice. Her hint was bluntly displayed; Edward looked over at his friends before responding. "Don't you have a roommate?" "Yeah, but she's probably gone for the weekend." Edward shifted his weight onto his other foot, seeing the night fall as well as the look in her eyes. "I think maybe another time would be better," Edward said slowly, feeling the words not sitting right on his tongue. Bella brought her lips into a tight line, her lacey black dress clinging to her skin uncomfortably. "Oh, okay." "I don't want that to come off as—" "No, it's fine, I understand," she brushed him off. The bus finally pulled up to the curb in time for Bella to collect herself. The three girls gathered together, looking wildly dressed amongst the other pedestrians in jeans and hoodies shuffling onto the bus. Just as the bus turned out of sight, Emmett turned to Edward and sighed, his large chest sinking down. "I'm going to marry that girl, Edward." And somehow, Emmett was just as much in the dark as Edward was. Thanks for reading! Let me know what you think.