I have to take care of then yes, but like Bella here, she is beautiful and has a perfect complexion so it won't hurt her." "Oh, I see. Well I think I am going to go check on the girls and maybe see about an eyebrow wax. She finally left and Angela locked the door this time. "Did you hear that, dear? She said 14 years! He has been faithful to you! And nothing since you two broke up! Obviously it was Esme that made it impossible for him to leave anymore. I can't believe he has held out this long for you! You will have him for yourself in no time!" "I can only hope. I did feel kind of guilty when she said that...kind of. Of course, I was the 'retreats' and 'medical conventions' on his birthdays though. We got together on our birthdays and our anniversary every year." Angela got started on the facial and she is amazing! I even doze off a few times. When we got done my face feels amazing! We walk back up front together and unfortunately found Esme, Rosalie and Alice still there. "Fuck," I whisper to Ang. "Sorry sweetie," she whispers back. Esme walks up to Angela, takes a deep breath and says, "I think Rosalie has talked me into the Brazilian wax." "Yeah be adventurous mom!" Rosalie encourages. "And we can buy you something very pretty at the store when we leave here!" Alice chimes in bouncing up and down. "I still don't know if your Dad would approve though," Esme is waivering. "If he doesn't, your hair will always grow back in a couple of weeks, so no big deal." Rosalie replies. Please don't get the wax! Carlisle love a smooth poon and I don't want her to do anything that will tempt him now that I am back. Please don't get the wax! Angela asked Esme, "Honey, are you sure you want a Brazilian wax? You know I even wax the hair out of your ass crack right?" "WHAT? Why every would anyone do that?" "Butt play honey. Men don't want to feel like they are licking another man's ass!" Angela said smirking. "NO! I most definitely do not want that! Bella, you actually do that?" "What? Wax my ass or let men lick it?" I go for innocent…I strive for innocent…I fall incredibly short. Esme just blushes and says, "I think I am ready for my pedicure now." I lean over to Angela and whisper, "Well that was a completely honest question wasn't it?" Angela whispers back, "It's all over, obviously you let her man play with your ass and she doesn't he will come running!" "That's the plan. I know everything that she won't let him do and I make sure I am damn good at it all! Of course I have been doing it better for over 20 years!" Angela starts laughing hard and yells, "You are such a bitch, I love you!" I just wink and say, "I know, it's time for my pedicure too." Before we left I went to make another appointment for two weeks to come back and have it all done again. Of course I don't let Esme know that I made another appointment, she doesn't need to know I plan on staying that long. All the ladies are so friendly and our personalities mesh so perfectly, just after one appointment, I know that I have found my salon. Esme and the girls end up staying there the entire time I am there and I didn't see any way out of following them to Victoria's Secret and then on to their house for dinner. "I can't wait for you to come back in and get an update on how things are going," Angela hugs me. "Me either, oh here, this is my phone number, call me anytime." "I sure will. I have had so much fun with you today. I wish I was going to Victoria's Secret with you! Oh to be a fly on the wall for that trip!" "Why don't you join us? "Really? You don't mind?" "Sure, if you can get off work." "Yes, I am actually finished for the day." "Great! You can ride with me and we can get to know each other better!" "Let me just go and get my stuff," she walks back to the back of the salon. I turn to Esme and the girls and tell them, "Angela is going over to Victoria's Secret with us she is going to ride with me. I hope that is ok." "Do you normally go places with strangers you just met?" "Well, I just met you and I am going to your house for dinner," I said laughing. "If you want, you can go ahead and drive over there and I will be a few minutes behind. Angela can show me the way." "Yeah, ok." Angela runs out of the shop and jumps in my car. "Why don't you just blow them off and run over to see Carlisle?" "The thought has crossed my mind, but I want to have some more fun," I laughed with an evil smirk. "Oh you are horrible!" "Yeah, I know. But I have been jealous of her for so long, you know. Because she has Carlisle all the time and all the phone calls she interrupted and all the times we planned to get away together, even if we were just driving into town to see each other for the day, she would ruin them. I guess I just want to be mean and to get her back. I know it's not right but I can't help it." Angela and I have a great time getting to know each other on the drive over. We get to the parking long and Esme, Rosalie and Alice get out of the car and we walk into Victoria's Secret together. I can tell that they are more than a little uncomfortable.