myself cry a little. I sat there for a little bit trying to imagine what on earth I could have been thinking to enter that club in the first place. So stupid. I'm so stupid. I could still taste the saltiness of Blue eye's cum in my mouth. I turned to the side and spit what I could out. How could I allow that man to take control of me in such a way? I was like putty in his hands. I did whatever he told me to do. It felt so good. There was nothing I could do to stop it. "I'll take you home," I heard a smooth voice say. Shocked, I looked to the voice and saw him . What was he now, following me?! I quickly wiped the stray tears and hid my face. "I'm fine." He started fixing his expensive Rolex watch on his wrist. How did he get here so quickly anyway? "It will be a couple hours before the next bus comes. Get in the car I'll take you home." "I am not going anywhere with you!" I shouted, "you think you can snap your fingers and make me do what you want. I already sucked your cock, you already took my dignity, so leave me alone." He laughed at this. "I enjoyed you sucking my cock. And I didn't take your dignity. I paid you for the service." "Well, I don't want your money. You don't own me. And there will be no next time. " He chuckled, walked closer to me, and grabbed my chin. "There will be a next time. And whether you want my money or not, you will take it because you need it. Why else would you, of all people, be in that club? As for owning you, I prefer to think of it as voluntary control. I never forced you to do anything. I asked you what you wanted, and I gave it to you." "You tricked me." He grinned, "tricked? Isabella you could have told me at any time to stop and I would have immediately." "You knew I couldn't." "You enjoyed it. You felt comfortable and enjoyed me being in control. It's a natural thing." He was right in every way. "Am I right?" "I just have never been treated that way before." The man made me call myself a little girl and him my daddy for crying out loud! "What way?" "You made me call you those things, and feel that way." I saw another smile spread across his lips. "Isabella, I was gentle. And I didn't make you do anything. I gave you the pleasure you pleaded for. But I won't lie , I enjoyed it as well. I would like to see you again. Perhaps, we can try to get to know each other a little better." "Who do you think you are, god's gift to the earth?" I looked him over. "You should be ashamed that you can't get a girl on your own. You have to pay for it. Maybe if you weren't such a controlling freak, someone would want you." He laughed, "You really think I have to pay for what I want when it comes to women? Isabella, don't be so naïve." I glared at him. His very arrogant presence was driving me crazy. "You will never touch me again. So leave me the fuck alone. Find some bimbo's mouth to stick your dick in. It won't be mine ever again." He didn't say anything to this, but simply turned and walked away, while putting his suit jacket on. I almost wanted to force him to turn around and say something to me. It just felt awkward that he didn't have anything to say. He just left. I turned away and glared at the ground while the wind blew. Ass. Such an arrogant ass. How could I have sucked his cock? I can never look at him the same. A black Mercedes zoomed by, and I knew it was him. I didn't even know his name. Not even sure if I wanted to. I was never going back to that club. I was stupid for thinking I could be someone I'm not. When the bus finally came I sat in the back, changed out of my skimpy outfit and tried to rub some of the makeup off my face. My hands felt the stickiness of his cum still on the bottom of my chin. I cringed at the thought. How could I allow him to treat me that way? I got home around 8:30 and was surprised to see that Charlie was home sitting at the table going through some papers. "Hey Bells. How was work?" "Fine," I whispered. "You seem tired, why don't you get some sleep? You hungry? I made some spaghetti." "No, I'm just really tired. I think I'll go take a shower and get some sleep." "Alright. I'll be going to bed soon too." I started to go to the stove to try and clean up some of the mess he made. "Hey, I got it. I'll clean up. You seem really exhausted. Go on, get some rest." For the first time tonight I smiled. "Thank you, dad." "Love you," he said putting on his glasses and looking closer at the papers in front of him. I scrubbed myself extra hard in the shower, and tried not to think of his blue eyes. Something was seriously wrong with that man. On my way to my bed I lifted my purse, reached in and grabbed the balled up cash. 500.00 dollars! That was more than I made at the Quickie market in a month. I made this amount in about 15 minutes. I shoved it back in my purse and tried not to think about his cock. How he made me feel. The way he touched me. The second my head hit the pillow I fell fast asleep. Please Review if I should continue.