proudly leaning into him as he returned the hug with a soft kiss to her forehead. "How was your day sis?" He asked pulling away and looking at her with shining eyes. I felt like punching Seth right in the mouth for being such a suck up to Leah. He was always patient with her, never upset and always treated her like a princess. "Shit. How about you? Any luck with Mum?" She asked in a low tone, awaiting his reply. "Nah. She's still going to marry Charlie. She asked if you were going to come and visit her, she says the bridesmaid dress arrived and wanted you to try it on." He said softly, trying not to activate Leah's 'Melt Down' button. "Oh" She replied, giving me a little side glance. "Tell mum I love her but there is no way I am going to stand by her as she marries dad's best friend. I'd rather be dead" Her voice held malice, even though it was but a whisper. It was her scary voice. And fuck the poor soul on the receiving end of that voice. "Ok sis" Seth smiled, kissing her forehead again and hugging her tightly, wrapping his hands around her back. Watching his hands move, I couldn't help but be drawn into her ass. She was standing on her tippy toes, reaching up to hug Seth, the muscles in her legs flexed and visible were turning me on. The bump her ass made in her shorts was so goddamn sexy and I just wanted to squeeze that heated flesh between my rough hands. Was she a moaner? A screamer? Hmm... Leah looked more like a screamer. I wonder how loud she would scream if I- The clearing of Seth's throat made my eyes shoot back up from his sisters tight derriere to his face, disappointment and a little anger running through his brown orbs. "I'm going for a run" Leah nodded, turning back and giving me a once over briefly before heading to the door. "See ya" Seth and I answered together as she jogged out of the house. Seth's eyes watched me careful, no doubt assessing the position he found himself in. "You weren't thinking about Leah. Were you?" "No" I answered a little to quickly and a little too high pitched, Seth noticing the untruthfulness of my lie straight away. "You can't fool me Jacob. I see the way you look at Leah, but I have one rule. No sex until she's 40." He scolded narrowing his eyes at me. "Ha! As if you sister would even consider me." "Well she dated that ass hat Sam, so I am sure that she'll give you some type of chance. But me, on the other hand, will warn you, you hurt Leah, you'll never walk again." "Yeah okay" I said ruffling his hair before being pushed back. "I mean it Black. One wrong move and I'll kill you, got it?" He said seriously a little growl laced in his voice, impressing me. "Okay Seth. Whatever you say" I laughed rolling my eyes and laughing thinking about his sandy wolf trying to take on my russet Alpha wolf. The kid didn't stand a chance. Wondering back to the couch I sat down, throwing my head back and humming. Could I really use Leah as a booty call? Did she even want me like that? She'd said she wasn't into the whole boyfriend/girlfriend thing right? Xavier had let her down and been pussy teasing her, right? Maybe I could just be her booty call? Lord knows I needed the sex and who knows, maybe we could fuck each other into a coma to get out of this hell we call our lives. Speaking of hell, there was a bonfire tonight and Leah was sure to be impressed that Sam and Emily where expecting their first cub. Again. Lord have mercy on the poor sod on the receiving end of anything Leah Clearwater had to say. I smiled to myself. Sam and Emily were both fucked. AN - I was trying to update Pandora's Box, got side tracked, laid on the couch for a while, painted my toes and suddenly... ideas! Man oh man... I have been idea-less for the last week, staring at my computer trying to will myself to update. I also had no internet for the last 4 days and have been super pissed that I couldn't write anything... not a stitch! But now... now I am thriving... yes! I tried to research the 'Rules of a booty call' and came up with shit loads of them, so I have tried to cut them down to just a few. There are so many rules that I wonder if there is really any point... though... If the WILF boys where ever in need of a 'fling' I would be the first one beating down the door. To Cu: As you know (due to my rather excited reviews) I became obsessed with the concept of 'rules' in a fic, so my love, this is dedicated to you and your all out awesome-ness. I am glad your alive and the answer is yes... I do have a supernatural muse... his name is Seth Clearwater and he does suffice quite nicely. He keeps telling me, stamina is key, not that I am complaining, right? To Kei: My smutty friend, whom without I would be lost! I just want to re affirm my love for you. *giggles* To Hilja: My Swedish sex bunny, whom shares the concept of free love and dirty nights with me. I love you so very much and your suggestions are tucked away nicely in my pocket, between my candid shot's of Seth and Embry. They told me, to tell you, to come over on Thursday. They have a surprise for you... *winks* ... a Quileute sandwich perhaps? And to Xenia: My new Blackwater friend whom I adore... *blows you kisses* Lub you! Loves to you all!