peds surgeons are hardcore. And if my kid had a broken leg, was in so much pain…" He reached to pat my back. "You're excellent. You're not gonna catch any shit for this." He shut up when Garrett wheeled Max into the room. His parents had tear-stained cheeks, not wanting to leave. "Um…how-how long—" "Half-hour," I said. "Thank you so much." Mr. McManus shook my hand with both of his. I smiled, closing them out before closing the blinds. Then, I sat next to Max. He was crying, hugging his stuffed bear tightly. "You're Max, right?" "Yeah," he cried. "I'm Damion…who's this?" I asked, pointing to his friend. He sniffled, his breaths shaky. "My bear—Lenny." "Is Lenny scared, too?" I whispered. Max nodded, his little face crumpling even more. "You should tell him not to be. You guys are going to—" I reached for the oxygen mask "—make bubbles, like this." I placed it to Lenny's muzzle. "You're gonna take deep breaths and take a little nap. That's it. You'll be asleep, and you won't feel anything—no pain at all. How cool is that?" "O-okay." His stomach trembled. "See…? Lenny's okay, right?" I asked. Max had calmed down, staring at his bear. "Yeah…" "When you wake up—" I wiped some of his tears away "—you're going to be in a cast. Do you know what that is?" In his history, it'd said he'd broken his arm months prior. Knowing little boys can play rough, I truly didn't think much of it. Though, I'd be writing orders for tests that Garrett can do after I leave. There are a couple reasons why bones can easily break. This process was going to be quick, but Max and his family wouldn't be leaving until sunrise. "Yeah, my arm." He showed it to me. "I-I fell off da monkey bars again, and, and my mommy tolded me not to. I la-like the top," he explained. "But you're not in trouble, right?" I smiled. "N-No." He shook his head. "Mommy's just sad I'm hurted." "Yeah, that's what mommys and daddys do. They get sad when you get hurt, which is why you hafta be careful. You'll listen to Mom next time, right?" "I promise." "It'll be a little while before you can climb the monkey bars anyway." I poked his nose "I'm sure your mommy will let you and Lenny have as much ice cream as you want." I grabbed my prescription pad. "In fact, I'm going to write it down here. Your mom will have to —'cause I said so." I pointed to myself before scribbling on the paper. "She's gotta follow doctor's orders. What's your favorite kind?" "Chocolate." He giggled at me, looking quite the skeptic. "Lenny can't have ice cream." "Why not?" I asked, widening my arms. "'Cause he's just a bear," he whispered, like it was a secret. "He looks like a cool dude to me." I placed my hand on my chest. "You're silly." He smiled. I agreed, nodding. "Most of my patients say that. They call me Dr. Silly D." I tucked the prescription—for copious amounts of chocolate ice cream—into his chart. "Can I call you that?" "Of course." I left the stretcher to adjust his blankets. "What's your favorite color?" "Blue." "Did Lenny fall, too?" I turned to nod at the nurse, and she knew the deal. We'd be hooking Max up with a kick-ass blue cast. Max looked to Lenny. "Yeah, but…" "We'll give Lenny a cast. How 'bout that?" I raised a brow. "Okay." Max laughed again. "You ready to blow some bubbles? Take a nap?" I asked. He hugged Lenny tighter. "Yeah." Ramos adjusted his machine while I stood over the bed, holding the mask to Max's face securely. "Big bubbles—deep breaths," I crooned, and within three, his eyes were fluttering to a close. Setting his femur and placing his cast didn't take long at all—forty minutes. I was also able to use the scrap pieces to hook Lenny up, too. Jordan was, no doubt, still in surgery, and I was back at the nurses' station with a cup of coffee while I wrote my notes in Max's chart—writing orders and instructions for Garrett, too. It was only going on eight p.m., and all I needed to do was talk to the parents and get the fuck outta here. They thanked me again, glad their son was all right, as I brought them back to the ortho room. I'd also expressed my concern, even though I know falling from the top of monkey bars to be a hard fall. They seemed like nice people, and I did not suspect foul play, like they'd hurt their kid. Trust me; I've had to call social workers and CPS more times than I'd like. When I encounter those people, get those suspicions, I get heated as fuck. Mrs. McManus was worried, too—more so than before—but I told them Garrett would answer any more questions they had after our talk, if they had any, could think of any. Kids can also be very clumsy, and I hoped all tests came back negative. Ramos and a nurse would see Max through recovery here, since he wasn't in the OR. Max was groggy, out of it with good vitals, and he didn't have any discomfort. Garrett met me outside the room, where I handed him the chart. "This kid's my V.I.P., so dote—treat them well. Understand?" I know Mr. and Mrs. McManus—even if their son wasn't fatally injured—had been through hell since yesterday. Izzy's almost four, and her vocabulary is excellent, but she's still very much a toddler. And watching your kid in that much pain for hours…especially when they don't understand a whole lot? I sympathized. "Yes, Dr. Cullen." He doesn't have to like me to respect me, not that I give a fuck. "Call me with anything..." I patted his back, making my way out of the ER. Thank you for reading. Chapter Two will be posted real soon!