"And for the first few years it would be nice when you take consideration on me but I'm not going to leave my family. The kids still need someone that saves them from you." They share a little smile. "How I ever deserve you?" "Nobody said you deserve my perfection!" The theme was over for Esme. She would get over this all and move forward. It hurts and was an unfamiliar feeling to take distance where there was touches and kisses before but he feels like he could breath easier now. "When you need something, like saving you from bad vampires that make you uncomfortable, I'm still going to kick their asses, you know that?" He needs to make this clear. That she still can have almost everything from him. "Wouldn't be fair. Jasper, Emmett, Edward and you against a poor vampire that just falls for my perfection?" He clearly knows why he had fallen in love with her in a first way. It wouldn't be easy in the beginning, both of them know, but it would work someday. "Go and find your boy, Carlisle. And don't feel guilty about it. We can nothing for love." "Thank you so much", he whispered the last time against this familiar lips, "For everything you had give me even when you had known it so much earlier than me." "Remember the first time you said you're in love with me?", Esme asked with a light smile. Sure he remembers. At the same moment, it comes up to his mind where he can find his boy. "I felt guilty opposite to Edward", Esme said but he was thinking about the time he needs to come to this place. Could be under two days. 1971 It was January, the 15th as he finds his boy exactly where he had expected him after his insight. It was the place at that Edward had told him the first time that he loves him. Almost forty years ago. Now the place had changed and both of them two. But not his feelings. He just changed his view. "What you want here, Carlisle? Leave me alone." He sees the strength it took Edward to hold up a neutral face. But the darker as normal eyes tells him the truth. He holds up his mental shields to make sure Edward just listen to his actions and words. Without a word, he goes to his boy. Stops just a few centimeters in front of the younger. For the first time since Edward left, he feels complete again. And for the first time since he had woken up as a vampire he felt happy. "Finding you and bring you home", he whispered quietly as he took the younger's face in his hands. He doesn't even see any hope in this beautiful face. "Do you love me?" Now he recognizes surprise. "You know that I do it, Carlisle." "Yes." But the instant of making Edward saying things about romantic love and the truth of the feelings he leans forward and presses his lips to the others. Edward gasps softly. It was hard to hold up his mental shields but he needs to make sure that his boy knew it. It would be too easy over the mental way. He needs to speak it aloud. Slowly Edward relaxed against his lips during he was motionless. Minutes passed, maybe it was just seconds until his boy was relaxed full and reply light to his touch. For countless moments their just stand there and feel the other for the first time. "I'm so sorry for all these years", he whispered as he takes a bit distance between them and feels Edward shiver a bit. "I'm sorry for being selfish for so long time", he sighed after a little kiss. His boy had closed his eyes and just feel and hear him. "I'm sorry for taking so long to find you." Again a little kiss. There were many things he wants to apologize about. But Edward interrupts him with a whispered plea. "Kiss me right." As his boy wished, he kissed him right. The missing piece falls away. It wasn't near anymore. It was in his arms right now. He would apologize later more. Now he just wants to make sure that he gives Edward everything his needy boy needs. It begins with shy kisses before he deepened it. His boy was a fast learner for someone that never kiss. He makes sure he let his mind unlocked as the clothes were ripped from their bodies. "Don't hide", Edward muttered as he distracted a bit with his searching hands, "Want to see anything. Like in the beginning." And he unlocked his mind. Give Edward all his thoughts as he explored every inch from this not so boyish body. He doesn't let his reflexes crawl up the wands as he prepared his boy. He makes sure that Edwards first experience in sex would be a good one. Hours later, after countless apologized and misses he hold his boy tight in his arms. Both of them looking at the sun that comes up behind the mountains. So familiar the scene but so new at the same time. He couldn't believe that he holds him and be him so near. "How's Esme?", Edward asked after a while. His boy sounds worried. "She takes it good. They all. Ans she stays", he explained, "She had expected it. How long, Edward? And be true to me." He set a little kiss to the chaos of hair before he fishes out a sheet out of this beautiful hair. He decided that it was brown with a light touch of red. "Almost ever. Think it was this first view stuff. But realizing? Around 1925. Accepting around 1940, as I speak with Eleazar, you know?" They fall in silence again but it wasn't uncomfortable. As the sun had almost reached their highest point, he speaks again. "Edward?" "Hmh?" "I love you." "Love you too." END