him. I wink at Jessica and motion for Alice to move to our table. She walks by quickly and sits next to me I wink at her and mouth "Joking." Before I put an arm around her "Am I allowed to be next to her on Movie days?" I ask with a grin. Mr. Banner smiles at me and roles his eyes "Yes, Bella. As long as you behave." He says and I nod, pout and let my arm off of Alice. "I make no promises." I say to him and flash him a grin. He rolls his eyes and continues to talk about… molecular structure. Boring. I shift in my stool and start to take notes but not really caring about it. I look over and see that Alice is staring intently at the class. I rip a piece of my paper and scribble on it and pass it to her. 'Hey, you ok?' I write. She grabs it only after I place it in front of her pen. She reads it quickly and scribbles back at me. 'Yeah, sorry for the freak out. Must seem like a freak to you.' She wrote. I smile slightly and shake my head before writing back. 'Not at all, sorry if I freaked you out about the movie day thing. I promise to be on my best behavior… not that it helps that much.' I write with a grin and pass it to her. I hear her soft giggle 'Wouldn't that upset Jessica?' she asks. I frown 'Why would it upset Jessica?' I write back. 'Oh… um, I thought you two were a couple.' She writes and when I read it, I erupt in laughter. I try to silence it but Mr. Banner noticed and is walking over. I try to slide the note under my notebook but he grabs it. "Miss Swan seeing as you find it so funny. Why don't you read this in front of the class so we can all laugh?" He asks. I chuckle. "You sure?" I ask. He nods and I walk and grab the paper from his hands and walk over to his desk and sit on the edge. "I write to Alice, 'Hey, you ok?' She writes, 'yeah, that was funny.' I lie smoothly to cover her small break down. I wrote 'Oh, so I didn't freak you out with the whole movie day thing? I promise to be on my best behavior… not that it helps that much.' She writes back 'Wouldn't that upset Jessica?' I laughed, 'Why would it upset Jessica?' I send it to her and she writes back 'Oh, um. I thought you two were a couple.' And that's pretty much it." I say with a shrug. Mr. Banner looks confused "Then what on heaven caused you to laugh?" he asks. I grin. "Doesn't it seem ridiculous that I would date Jessica? I mean, honey. Your awesome in bed but… you're not exactly relationship type." I say looking at her. She gasps and stands smacks me and walks out of the class room. I grin cupping my cheek. "Does that mean I won't come over tonight?" I call out for her still with a grin. Mr. Banner sighs and I look at him "Mr. B. You just caused me a night alone, where's the fun in that?" I ask. He sighs "Bella, detention." He sighs. I frown. "Really? you cause me to lose a lay and I get detention?" I ask a bit mad yet not able to keep the grin of my face. "Enough, Isabella." He says. I glare at him. "I don't care who you are. Do. Not. Call. Me. Isabella." I growl out. He raises an eyebrow and I'm glaring at him. "Your father would be disappointed." He mutters and I snap. "Then good fucking thing he is six feet under isn't it?" I growl. Before I know it Mike is behind me and grabbing me along the waist. "You don't know a thing about my father! Don't you dare say if he would or would not be disappointed." I growl out at Mr. Banner. I see in his eyes that he regrets mentioning it. He knows how touchy the subject of my father is and he also knows how strongly I react to it. I shake off Mike "Let the fuck go of me, fag." I say struggling until he lets me go. I walk over to my desk were Alice is sitting alone looking scared. I grab my bag. "I'm sorry." Alice says. I smile slightly at her. "Not your fault." I say and walk over to Banner's desk and grab the pink slip he is holding. I stop at the door and look at him "You don't know anything." I say lowly to him and walk out to the principles office. The rest of the evening is spent in detention and in there they give me a week full of in school suspension. In other words I would spend the whole week from 8 to 3 in the basement were detention is at. Doing any school work that is needed to be given. Peachy, fucking, perfect. A/N: So? What you guys think? Did you like it, hate it? I kind of like this story, I had been thinking about writing a Bella/Alice story for a while and while listening to t.A.T.u awesome band! (there not really gay but there cover made them act gay) and I got inspired. This updates wont be regular seeing as my main priority is still Shadows of a Star but seeing as I have a bit of writers block with that one story I decided to give you guys a new story to take away a bit of my stress. Review, Fallow, Favorite blah, fucking, blah. That's pretty much it… Oh, and I am not or have ever been a lesbian. All of this is just me winging it and imagining shit people would do if they were gay.