my eyes to run over every inch of her deliberately. "I'm asking you to marry me, Isabella." For once, she seemed utterly speechless. Silence engulfed the room as she stared at me in shock. "I didn't realize my proposal would shock you that much." She swallowed thickly before replying, "Well it did. This is the last thing I expected. Why?" "Why what?" "Why me? Why now? I've heard you like variety, a different woman every day and I won't put up with that shit." I smiled widely at that, she hadn't said no, she was putting her cards on the table. I liked that. "I wouldn't expect you to. The way I live won't change, but there won't be any other women, if you marry me." Bella nodded as she considered everything. A loose tendril of shining brown hair framed her face and tickled the corner of her luscious mouth teasingly. I so badly wanted to fuck her again. I ached for her velvet body around mine. Fuck this shit, I wished she would answer already and put me out of my misery. "Are you what they say you are on the news?" I knew that this question was coming. "Yes," I replied shortly. Being honest hurt like fuck, it went against the grain to admit to anything, but she had to know me, out of everyone she had to know who I was. She froze and stared at me like a deer trapped in the headlights of a car. Her wide blue eyes held no shock, but there was a tinge of revulsion but strangely no fear. I waited. Hope filled me despite my better judgment, as I literally held my breath for what she would say next. "Would it be a proper marriage?" I cocked my head slightly, curious. "What do you mean? "Will we have a family?" Bella blushed as she forced herself to say this. I grinned at her as I raked a hand through my hair. "I sure as hell fucking hope so." Bella blushed again, this time scarlet. "Do you always swear?" "Do you?" I countered. For such an innocent thing, she had one hell of a mouth on her. "Hardly ever, normally. You seem to bring it out in me." She admitted shyly. "I swear most of the time," I admitted still grinning. "I try not to, but it's fucking hard." Isabella grinned back at me, her face for once not angry. I found I liked it a whole lot. "What's your answer, Isabella?" I pressed. Bella got up from the bench and gracefully swept towards the window, she remained silent so long that I thought her answer would be no. And then, with a little, somewhat jerky breath she turned to me and I saw a smile play around the edges of her generous mouth. "As insane and it is, my answer is yes." She whispered. I smiled widely as I pushed away from the side table I had been leaning on and grabbed her shoulders with both hands. She seemed mesmerized by me and I loved the bemused expression on her face. "Fuck Bella, you had me there. I thought you were going to say no." My hands lifted of their own accord to frame her face, my fingers caressing her cheeks and then the corners of her mouth. Her luminous eyes stared up at me and then slid shut for a moment as if she were savoring my touch. They reopened and I saw desire there, for me. It pleased me more than anything had in such a long time. "Did my answer matter so much?" Bella asked softly. She was looking for an admission from me and I wasn't sure if I could give her what she needed right now. But I sure as hell could try to give her something. "Yes it did matter. I've never wanted any woman as much as I've wanted you. You're mine. It really is as simple as that. I've never said that to any woman before." Bella smiled then and the sight actually made my heart miss a beat. Fuck me. "Really?" She said as her arms hesitantly rose to wrap themselves around my neck. "I...I feel the same way about you, Edward. The press say that you are the very devil and that you kill people, but the crazy part is I don't care what you do, I only care about who you are to me." I smiled at her sappy, romantic words and loved every one. "I knew from the first moment I saw you that you were mine, Isabella, and your words right now have just proven me right. I might not be fucking romantic and I might swear too much, but I can promise you this; I will always look after you and I will always protect you." I watched as her face infused with color. "That's enough for now." She replied. I leaned in and pressed my mouth to hers. Her lips were petal soft and parted beneath mine easily. Cupping her chin I slowly invaded her sweet tasting mouth with my tongue. I fucking loved kissing her. Pulling back, we both swayed a little as if we were drugged. "I'll have the rest of your belongings brought here today." Bella smiled, her eyes fixed to my mouth hungrily. "I'm already moving in with you?" "Damn right you are. No better place for you to be planning our wedding than from inside the devil's lair." I grinned. She sighed and then mused, "I was homeless this morning and now I have everything I could have wanted." "It just proves that even innocents can be tempted." I teased. Bella laughed and the sound made me a happy man. "You're enough to tempt an angel, Edward." She said mischievously. I kissed her again and found that there was nothing more I could wish for. Bella was all I wanted. A/N; Well, I hope you enjoyed that. Let me know!