to grieve, so to avoid it I distract myself with things. Reading, school. Anything." She took her hand from mine and gave me a hug, "I'm sorry Ethan." I hugged her back and leaned away, "I didn't mean to make the conversation sad." I shook myself a moment and gave a half smile to her, "Anyway. Can you give me any details for Friday?" She leaned away too, her eyes lighting up, "We are going to introduce you to some people." I stared at her, "At least tell me what to wear. I'm hoping this is a casual thing?" She nodded, "Yeah, I didn't let Alice plan anything, though I am sure she'll add in a surprise or two." My dad was glad to know that I had made a friend, "Enjoy your time son. One day you'll be a busy adult without the time to spare." I hated it when he gave me those lectures, but I smiled at him anyway. When classes were done Friday, I went home and showered quickly and pulled on my most comfortable jeans and a nice v-neck tee with three quarter length sleeves. Once I had my boots laced and my belt on, I went outside to wait on the porch for Nessie. To my surprise, she was walking up the drive as I walked out and locked the door. "Hey!" I smiled and hoped off the porch, I walked up to her and gave her a hug, earning a slight growl from her companion that I had only just taken notice of. He was taller and much buffer than me, his russet skin smooth and he had some sort of tribal tattoo on his shoulder. I stepped back and extended a hand to him, "I'm sorry. I'm Ethan, I just moved here, I don't know if Nessie told you that." He took my hand and squeezed it a little too hard and I winced as he spoke, "I'm her boyfriend, Jacob. She did tell me you just moved in. Welcome to the neighborhood." He lightened his grip and smiled at me as Nessie touched his face. He let go and hugged her to his side for a moment, "Alright Ethan, you're driving. Take us away." He smiled at me again and I looked at Nessie in confusion. "Don't worry, I'll give you directions." We piled into my Jeep and Nessie rode shot gun so she could direct, and Jacob had a near constant connection to her, resting his hand on her shoulder or her arm when she would stretch it behind the seat. "Well here we are!" Nessie climbed out of the Jeep and Jacob and I followed. We were standing in front of a large house with tons of windows. My mouth gaped at the sight. She ran up the steps, "I'm home mom!" A woman the same height as Renesmee walked out of the house and hugged her. She then walked to where I was still standing, wide eyed, "You must be Ethan. It is lovely to meet you." A smaller woman with pixie hair came out and bounded to me, giving me a hug, "Oh! I know we are going to get along so well. I am Alice." I was confused, all of these people looked like they could be in high school with me. But I was not about to question them. Carlisle smiled at me and shook my hand, "Let me know if you need anything." We did introductions and most of her family seemed to like me. Esme was the last one I was introduced to, and we found her in the kitchen, "Ma'am may I help with anything?" She smiled and pointed to where there was an apron hanging from a cabinet, "I normally wouldn't allow a guest to help, but seeing as I have my hands full, I wouldn't mind." I put the apron on and we discussed cooking techniques and what not until the food was ready. I packed it all up into portable containers, and carried the coolers, with the help of Jacob, to my Jeep. "Now where?" Nessie hoped in with Jacob and gave me more directions, "We are going to have a picnic." Eventually we were deep in the woods, but eventually we came to a clearing where there were a few more people that looked like they were from the reservation. There were tables set up with chairs and tiki lights put up around the area. I smiled, this was kind of cool, I had never been invited to a gathering like this. Jake and I got to work setting up the food on one of the tables and then we had another round of introductions. Sam and Emily were first, followed by Quil and a little girl named Claire who seemed to be about seven or eight. They were kind to me and told me if I needed anything to let them know. Sam kept glancing at me as Ness introduced me to a few others, Billy was Jacob's dad and he seemed an interesting fellow, and I met Charlie, the Chief of police. Turns out, he's Bella's dad! I started to feel uncomfortable, feeling like I was intruding on a family gathering. I started to make my way to the edges as more of the Cullens showed up. I couldn't leave now. Edward patted my shoulder, "It's ok. You were invited. You are more than welcome here." I shivered as a chill ran through me, starting from where he touched me. I rejoined the groups, and let myself relax into the good moods around me. Ness looked around for a moment then shrugged, "I'm sorry I didn't get to introduce you to everyone. Some are missing." I quirked an eyebrow at her, "Really? There are so many people here." She giggled and Jake wrapped an arm around her waist, "Paul, Embry and Seth are missing. I wonder where they could be?" Let me know what you think!