the back seat, I was dressed in his shirt and he wore only his trousers. I slept on his chest and I'd never been happier in my life. Early morning sunlight woke us and my heart leaped as I stared into dark fathomless green. The lines around his eyes made them beautiful to me and I wanted him again, even though I knew that I must get home. I stroked his hair with shaking fingers as we communicated without words, our eyes saying it all. There was no regret in us and yet I suspected that Edward would try to avoid a repeat performance due to his sense of morality and his genuine friendship with my father. His hands raked through my hair, combing the tangles out with sensuous, loving fingers. I pulled his face to mine and I kissed him with every ounce of love I had thundering through my heart and my entire being. He returned the kiss; it was bittersweet and so filled with despair. I felt my heart ache and tears prickle my eyelids. Edward drove me home slowly, our fingers intertwined on his thigh. When we got there, I said goodbye with one last kiss and a brief hug before sneaking into the house via a side door. I reached my room safely, my heart still sore and achy. My body was filled with elation as much as my heart was filled with dread. However, deep down inside my heart, I can't shake the feeling that some things are meant to be. E~D~W~A~R~D I had done it. I'd taken Bella's innocence and betrayed my best friend and yet I couldn't find the necessary guilt or shame. Some part of me refused to believe that she wasn't already mine to begin with. After leaving Bella at home, I'd gone to my house, showered, dressed and left for the office; my mind focused on Bella when it should have been on work. Every sigh and moan had been branded into my mind in crystal clear, high-definition, surround sound. The way her rich, buttercream, chocolate eyes became unfocused just before she came or how she said my name, throaty and filled with suppressed emotion. She consumed me. She was nearly twenty-one now, I kept telling myself. Perfectly legal. All, I'd done wrong, was take the daughter of a very good friend. I had not intended to let it get that far last night, but the thought of her with anyone else had driven me to claim her and brand her with myself. I chastised myself for being so rough with her But all my control had been gone once I'd touched her skin. I braced myself to face Charlie this morning. He seemed a bit off, but I was so focused on my own worries I chose to ignore it and concentrate on work instead. However, every goddamn time I looked at something, it held a memory of Bella. I shook my head in frustration and slammed my laptop shut after an hour of staring at the screen and accomplishing nothing, massaging the bridge between my eyes roughly. "Hard night?" Charlie inquired from the doorway, where he leaned, super casual and wonderfully familiar I jumped visibly and eyed him with a fair amount of irritation. "Yes, I had a late night last night. My mind just isn't in the game this morning." I confessed. Charlie chuckled as he entered and went to stand by the wide windows overlooking the coastline. "Funny, Bella went out last night too, and she was also out of it this morning. You two are so much alike even after five years apart." He eyed me with humor. "Have you gone to see her yet?" I watched him warily searching for some clue as to whether he knew something or not. "Actually, I saw her briefly yesterday at your house. Paris did her good, it seems." "Yes, it did. However, I think she missed home. She is so much happier since she got back. Dreamy even. I haven't seen her this way before." I cleared my throat and turned back to my laptop, opening it once again. Agitated. "I'm glad shes so happy. She deserves nothing but the best." Charlie went to leave but stopped at the door, his face a curious mixture of harshness and contentment. "Edward?" "Yes, Charlie?" "Be good to her." His words floored me. "I always knew it would be you. It took me a long time to acceot at first, but then I realised that there was no one she could be safer with. Just don't hide things from me; you know how that fucks me off. I'll tell Bella to invite you over to dinner tonight, the first time in your new capacity, and all. I'm sure it will thrill her." I stared at him. Frozen. Shocked. Fucking perplexed. "You knew?" Charlie gave me a condescending look as he opened the door and prepared to leave. "Edward, for Bella there has only ever been you. I knew it from the time she was twelve years old. You're the best man for her, I won't object now that she's grown. In life, some things are meant to be, and you two are one of them." I was fucking speechless. All this time and all that worrying had been pointless. He'd known all along. "Charlie ... I'm sorry. I didn't plan it. You have to know that." "Oh, I know that, Edward. You're my best friend and I know that you're a good man - the best. I told you before - I trust you with my shit, and - apparently - my daughter." He laughed. "Just don't break her heart." "I never could. She means everything to me." I told him. And I meant it. Charlie nodded at me as he left. "See you tonight." A genuine smile spread across my face. No shadows or closed doors for us; this love we shared was meant to be. TBC soon...