BB ~* We lay my mother to rest on a hot June day. It seems like the whole town has come out to watch her body being lowered into the ground. Whether it's out of respect or their morbid curiosity to see the oversized coffin being wheeled by twelve strong men, I neither know nor care. I stand on the edge of her freshly-dug grave, my body flanked by Edward and his father. They both clutch at my hands, their fingers curled around my own. A promise I'm not alone; that I still have a family. My tears start to fall as the pastor says his final words. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. My mom escapes from a life that held her captive and in to one where she can be free. As the tears stream unbidden down my cheeks, Edward pulls me closer, wrapping an arm around my waist, lowering his head until his face is resting in my hair. Even through my veil of emotion I can see some surprised looks coming from the townsfolk. They must be wondering about the Professor and the poor, little Swan girl. I can't even bring myself to care about that, either. Afterward, we head back to Doc Cullen's house. He's arranged for caterers and a hog roast, and we congregate in the garden. People I barely know walk up to me with heartfelt condolences. "Your momma and I were best friends in Kindergarten..." "We used to go to Sunday school together..." "I've been praying for her every week at church..." I want to ask all these good, God-fearing folk where they've been for the past eighteen years. But I'm too hospitable to be rude to them, even if my heart is screaming at their words. So, I thank them with a kind response, a sweet smile, and long for the hour when I can be alone with Edward again. As the sun starts to fall—a fiery ball that turns the sky into a salmon-pink palette—he takes my hand and leads me back to his father's house. "You're staying here tonight." It isn't a question or an offer. It's a statement. It's exactly what I need right now. I've had to make so many decisions in the past few days, answer so many questions. I love that he can read me like a book. "Yes, I am," I agree. He holds me in his bed that night, his body wrapped around mine, his lips weaving a fiery trail across my skin. I realize how John Donne was wrong. You can't separate physical and spiritual love. I worship Edward with my body and my mind. The same way he's worshipping me. "I love you," I whisper as his lips capture mine. "Everything about you." His fingers tap out a rhythm on my lower spine. When I look in his eyes I can see them glistening. "I love you, too." Though our kisses are seasoned with salty tears, they taste of hope. I get greedy, stealing them from his mouth, my own moving desperately as I hold him tightly. His skin is soft and warm, stretched across hard muscles that press against me, until I can't help but close my eyes and sigh. When I open them again he's staring right at me, asking me a question I answer only with my hands. He groans when I touch him, the sound vibrating against my lips, and I swallow his pleasure until it becomes my own. He's so gentle as he pushes inside me; it's like I'm gossamer in his hands. There's a curve to his lips as he presses them to my cheek, and I feel his warm breath bathing my face. Then the heat trails down my neck and across my chest as his mouth closes around my breast, sucking gently till I start to shudder. Slowly, achingly, we become one; the physical and the metaphysical blending together until all we are left with is beauty and joy. *~ BB ~* I used to think of this house as a prison. But now I know it was only a beginning. This is the house I was born in, the house where I fell in love. These four walls have known more sadness and happiness than most people get to experience in a lifetime. As I wander through the empty rooms of my childhood home, I feel my love's hands wrapped around mine. There are tears welling in my eyes as the memories assault my senses, but this time I revel in them. "I'll be waiting outside." Edward gently untangles my fingers from his. He knows everything about me. He swallows my tears and shares in my laughter. He understands my need to be alone. "I'll just be a minute." "Take as long as you need, sweetheart." So, I do. I sit in the room where my mother lived a half-life and cry fat, cathartic tears. Then I talk to a God who I truly believe is merciful. I pray that she is in a better place. I know one day I'll see her again, and when I do I'm determined to regale her with a lifetime full of tales. Her sacrifice won't be for nothing. I won't let it be. When I walk out onto the porch, Edward is sitting on the swing, his eyes closed, his head tipped up to the sky. The afternoon sun glows yellow on his face, and I feel my heart clench with love for him. Then he opens up his eyes and reaches out his hand, and I curl my body on top of his, feeling his arm circling my waist. I am warm and protected. I feel loved. "Are you ready?" I lift my face to his and nod. "I'm ready." He takes my hand, weaving his fingers tightly between my own, and together we face a brand new day. The author thanks you for reading...Please leave them some love, and remember this is anonymous!