"Everyone looks great tonight…I was only teasing." "Okay." I knew what she just said was bullshit. "My mother took the boys." She grabbed onto my arms and shook me. "Freedom!" "Okay," I laughed, finally understanding. She was just too happy there for a second. Her face fell a bit. "Listen, I just feel really good today. I look damn good too." She smoothed down her mini dress. "My mother has the kids, and I'm wearing lingerie under this bad boy…Carlisle and me are partying tonight. We have the house to ourselves…he's not working." She sounded wistful. "I have candles set… It's going to be romantic." She let out a squeal. I giggled, but remembered something. "I heard—I heard they're all taking Joe out tonight, you know? Is Carlisle staying behind?" She sucked her teeth, placing a hand on her hip. "If he knows what's good for him…" She waved a finger. "He'll chill with me." "I'm sure it'll be awesome." I gave her hand a squeeze. She frowned. "He's going to wanna go out, isn't he?" I winced. "I don't know." Alex took a wary glance around and then pulled me even farther away from any crowd. "I hired a private detective—" I laughed at her. "Your husband—shit, my husband, too—spend their days evading Feds and shit . . . What'd this guy find out?" "Nothing," she whispered. "Unless he's fucking someone at the firm or Edward…Nothing. He goes to work, does whatever he does with Aro and Edward, and comes home. Most times he goes back to the office." "He could've spotted the dick and paid him off." She stomped her foot. "I can't catch a break. I have no proof if he's cheating, but he's not fucking me—" "Alex—" "We haven't had sex in forever, and I look better than I did when I was twenty-five—well, maybe." She pulled on her dress again. "You're gorgeous. Have you spoken to him? And what's forever?" I snorted. "Uh, four months? And yeah, I've spoken to him…He's tired, old, like that's an excuse. He jogs more than I do—he's very athletic…Tonight, I'm going to jump him. Whatever happens…We're both busy, and I know I can be bitchy when he gets home. But he's stopped trying." "It happens," I admitted. "You deny, bitch and moan, and they just don't bother—figure you'll ask when you want some," I laughed. "It's happened with Edward and me. He used to come home so enthusiastic, but after I'd spend a whole day running around with the kids," I sighed. "You know how it is. You're dead on your feet." "Right, and now I feel like a brat, but no. Fuck that." She pointed to herself and got in my face. "My husband doesn't say no to pussy. You know and so do I. There's something going on. He should be ready to jump on this at any given time. It's Carlisle." "Men go through funks, too, and get outta my face." I pushed her back slightly, and we're best friends, so we can behave this way and be cool about it after. "Sorry," she mumbled. "I got too excited." "It'll work out . . . Now let's go get drunk." I patted her back. "You totally just read my mind." We walked in and greeted people as we did. Best friends or not, we were fast to go to the bar, get our drinks, and then meet up with our husbands. If something was amiss within their union, no one would be able to tell. They were all smiles. "What took you so long?" Edward asked, "and why does Kylie look like that?" My gaze immediately went to our daughter. She wore a long face, wrapped in Joe's embrace while she shook his father's hand. "We talked. It wasn't pretty." "You okay?" He rubbed my back. "I'll live." I sipped my drink. "You promise me this wedding won't happen?" "I swear on everything. It's not," he whispered. "Then I'll be fine." I gave his hand a squeeze. "But…what's up with your brother?" Edward turned to look down at me. "What do you mean? He's fine." I rolled my eyes. "Is he…you know, stepping out?" "That's none of our business—" I slapped his bicep, and he was fast to give mine a squeeze. "Here, seriously?" "I'm sorry." And I was—for stepping out of line in front of all these people, not that anyone saw. "I'm sorry." He rubbed my arm. "What my brother does doesn't concern me or you. To be honest, I don't have a clue. But I will say this," his lips touched my ear, "leave it alone. Don't get involved." "I know, but you pretty much just confirmed—" He smiled. "Baby, I didn't say shit but mind your own business. I honestly don't know. I do know that she had some cat following him around, though," he laughed. "Can you ask him?" I smiled brightly up at that sexy fucker. "Please?" He grinned at me. "Why? So you can run and tell Alex? And don't say you won't because you will, or you'll have this huge moral dilemma, which will fuck up the happenings in our bedroom. Leave it alone." He brought my glass to my lips. "Drink—be easy." "I'm always easy," I grumbled. "And that's why I love ya." He pinched my ass, going back to being the listener and the people watcher that he is at all of these big events. My husband dejects himself for show, but I know why, and I never take it personal. "Where's Sonny and Dame?" "I don't know," I said. Thank you for reading. Please leave me your thoughts. Sonny POV is up next! JUST to be clear: this truly does act like an epilogue. The next few chapters will showcase the happenings of THIS day. We'll get a POV from everyone during this party and after. v v v Hope you all enjoyed that! And I might update more frequently than once a week, considering...