stay in, but he didn't like it. It was coming up to the first exams of the year, at least the first exams that mattered, and he needed to cram. Yet here he was, Bella's body tangled around him as they made out on his bed, her hands cupping his face and his hands on her ass. "How much studying have you done for your test on Friday?" She mumbled between kisses. "Enough," Edward murmured back as he sucked her lower lip into his mouth, but even as he was saying it, he knew he was lying. Unfortunately, so did Bella, because she pulled back from him and attempted to give him a stern look. He groaned and lay back down on his bed, giving her a guilty look. "Maybe not that much..." "Well, that's not very good," she told him. "And you know that you're just going to kick yourself afterwards if you don't go in there as prepared as you can be. Because you're this bloody perfectionist who can't bare the thought of having a less than A grade on your resume," she teasingly wiggled her eyebrows at him. Edward made a face but didn't disagree with her. Bella thought for a moment and then she grinned and tilted her head to the side. "Okay, I've got an idea." "Yeah?" "Yeah," Bella nodded her head firmly. Her fingers went to the buttons of the blue flannel shirt that she was wearing, twiddling with the top one. "How many practice quizzes have you got left to do?" "Four," Edward muttered, not at all looking forward to the cramming he was planning on doing overnight once Bella left. "Okay," Bella slid off his lap, purposefully letting her thigh press firmly against his hard arousal. He only just managed to swallow back a pitiful moan as she kneeled on the bed at his side, rather than crouching over him like she had been before. "For every test you do, I'll take off an item of clothing." Edward perked up. "Yeah?" "Yeah," she confirmed with a smirk. Edward didn't need to think about it, scrambling off the bed and slotting himself behind his desk, pulling out the practice questions that his lecturer had given him. He was writing so quickly that his penned words were a mess on the page. He finished the first page quickly, and then looked over at Bella. She gave him a saucy smile before undoing the buttons of her flannel shirt, tossing it toward the corner of the room, leaving herself in her singlet and shorts. He could see the outline of her bra through the white singlet and he chewed down hard on his lower lip before quickly turning back to complete the next sheet. She shed her shorts next. And then her singlet and bra in one go, leaving her just in her pale blue thong. Once they was off, she did a little twirl for him, looking at him through heavy lidded eyes. He was still painfully hard in his pants, all the blood resting in his lap rather than rushing around his head. Now that she was shirtless, the ink on her hip was obvious. A dragonfly. Edward had caught glimpses of the tattoo before. They had made out a hundred times, and he had managed to get her out of her shirt on a couple of those occasions. But they were usually in the heat of the moment, and so he hadn't mentioned it. Now, with the way she was wiggling her eyebrows at him and taunting him, he really couldn't do anything except study every inch of her body and only dream about the things that he was going to do to her once she let him touch her. "I'm almost done," he told her. "Good," Bella smirked at him and hooked her finger into the side of her panties, pulling it down ever so slightly. He felt his stomach flip over as he tried to concentrate on the questions of the quiz in front of him, but he couldn't stop his eyes from darting up to look at her. She was clearly as turned on as him, the way that her nipples were erect and her chest and neck were flushed, lips parted and pupils diluted. Edward quickly scrawled out an answer and then jumped up from his seat, launching himself toward him. "Oh no, no, no, no!" She laughed, skipping out of his reach and ducking past to have a look at his desk. She flipped over the page to the answers and made sure that he had answered the questions correctly, squinting to read his writing before nodding her head. She turned around to face him and licked her tongue slowly over her lower lip. Edward swallowed hard, his fingers itching to reach out and touch her, but waited as she pushed down her underwear over her slim legs, leaving herself completely naked in front of him. "Shit," he breathed out. She gave him a small smile, looking a little more vulnerable than she usually did, now that she was completely bared to him. She walked slowly toward him, spinning around slowly so that he could look over her. He reached out to touch her, resting his large hand on her hip, his thumb brushing over the tattoo softly. "Yeah," she let out a slight laugh. "From my 'problem' stage." Edward shook his head as he jerked her forward, forcing her to part her legs and straddle him. "Fuck, Bella," he murmured against her skin. "With the way you keep distracting me, you're still a bloody problem." Bella met his eyes, and then a grin broke out across her face, her eyes dancing, before she lunged forward, connecting their mouths and sending them toppling back onto the bed. "Yeah, yeah," Bella reached forward to bite lightly at his lips. "I'll be your problem, anytime." Let me know what you pretties think! Your reviews make me very happy :)