than transporting and bringing a human that you couldn't just simply drain. "Well, I gave her the passport and plane ticket to her destination..." "... yeah, I can hear a 'but' incoming." "..., but I was still in the middle of printing the return ticket when she ran off. I was also going to give her a number to call." "Catch her? She's barely five minutes away if you run after her." Felix knew how smart Jane was with technology and transportation. If Jane was on a kill mission, then it would be fine since the girl could just run back, but she had cargo this time and everyone knew directions weren't one of Jane's strong points. "And ruin my hair? I just had this styled. I'd rather risk punishment from the kings. It was her fault for running so fast." Heidi wasn't about to risk her hair by running fast. Her clothes were expensive too. Jane was a friend, but sometimes you just had to make a hard choice. It wasn't Heidi's fault Jane ran after hearing the words 'makeover'. I guess being stuck in a child's body wouldn't leave much to make over. I could have at least changed that blonde bun and maybe got her a push-up bra. "I'll bet you that it takes Jane two month to return with the girl." Felix grinned, might as well make it into a bet. "Hah! Are you serious? Four months and the girl will be drained instead of captured. Don't you remember that mission several years ago?" Heidi added. Jane was never patient, Heidi was sure that the moment that Jane came in contact with Isabella Swan, the angsty teen would be drained. "Good point. I remember her destroying that whole mansion because she got lost inside it. I think she still gets lost within Volterra from time to time, but no one is man enough to say it to her face though." Felix remembered the mission in which they had to talk to another coven. The negotiations went well, but Jane got pissed off as she was trying to find the exit and destroyed half the place. Well, she did technically find the exit, since she made her own exit. "No one is man enough." Heidi sent a grin towards Felix which the male vampire returned with a middle finger. "Gods help the world. I'm not sure the world is reading for a wandering Jane or Jane the nomad." Heidi tried looking solemn for a quick second before her face just broke into a huge grin again. "This will be so much fun!" Heidi still remembers Jane's great sense of direction and the absurd amount of patience the little vampire had. Heidi still recalls one time they left Jane to lead and babysit some tourists ... ... well, there was never a second time. The door to the office opened again and both vampires looked over seeing Alec just walk inside. "I just talked over with the kings, I couldn't persuade them to send me with Jane nor could I dissuade them on sending Jane on a solo mission." Alec sighed already knowing that this was a clusterfuck just waiting to happen. Alec shook his head before looking straight at Heidi. "What number is she using? I can update her directions by tracking her using the GPS on her phone." He needed to at least give his sister direction or the girl might end up lost. Alec still remembered over a thousand years ago when Jane got lost trying to buy one bottle milk from the old lady that lived two houses away from them. Alec eventually found his older twin at the far edge of town with two bottles of milk as well as an older boy that was on the ground after most likely being beat up by Jane for the milk from his house. The beat up older kid was actually the one that started the rumors of Jane being a witch because she 'used her witch powers' to beat him. "Well, Jane left before I could give her the cellphone and return ticket for her and Isabella Swan. Oh, and her flight is boarding now." Heidi and Felix both shared another laugh at this, Alec didn't find it so funny. "Fuck." Alec was sure this punishment would backfire on all of them somehow. Sending out his volatile twin sister alone is bad enough, but asking her to capture a human? And, now, Jane doesn't even have any means of contacting them nor a means to return directly to Volterra. "Should we tell the kings?" Felix questioned. All three of them thought on it for a few seconds. Weighing the pros and cons of basically telling the kings 'Are you stupid enough to let Jane leave alone?'. The kings should have known what they were getting into sending Jane into her first ever solo mission in over one thousand years even knowing Jane's lack of patience and sense of direction. "Nah." All three said at the same time before returning to their duties. AN: New story! Jane and Bella pairing. I will be taking liberties with some of the vampire traits since some really annoy me. I'll leave some original Twilight vampire traits, but some others need to go. My knowledge on Twilight might be a bit spotty, so bear with me. Warning: Vampires here don't sparkle. Vampires here have extendable fangs. I don't know when I'll update this story. Probably when I finish my HP story which is fairly soon? I think. I also don't have a true plot yet aside from the obvious one. Jane is a bit impulsive and really bad with directions here. I'll have to see where this goes. Oh, and the title is still kind of a placeholder. Feedback and suggestions would be awesome! :) Update: 06/19/17, going through this one by one to edit and refresh my memory. Hopefully it will give me enough drive to continue ;-;