him, her enemy and now her… what? Friend? Lover? "I wont take your innocence…" At her swift, shocked stare, Paul chuckled. "Like this ." He said softly, his deep voice as tender as he was capable of. Bella couldn't reply, her brain had embarrassingly chosen that particular moment to forget how to talk. She simply stared at him in silent appeal. Why was she having trouble seeing Paul Lahote as the caring type? Well, probably because he had made it his life's mission to make hers a living hell whenever he was around – until today. What had changed? Something undoubtedly had though. Paul ran his warm hands up her sides and onto her shoulders, causing a trail of goose flesh to erupt in their wake, Bella's eyes rolled backwards into her head as a spontaneous whimper left her parted lips. She watched through half closed eyes as Paul's face changed into a mask of pure lust, his teeth bared and then a feral growl left his mouth which should have terrified her senseless but instead made heat explode through her center. His dark eyes shimmered with a luminescence which was not human, their center shifting from dark ebony to a dark yellow. Wolf. His fingers dug into her shoulders and he dragged her back up against him, claiming her mouth in a soul deep kiss that rocked both of their worlds thoroughly. Demanding, rough and sensuous all at once it toppled Bella's world completely off its axis sending her plummeting towards the edge of a deep and unknown abyss. Bella clung to him, her small hands sliding up around his neck and locking in the short inky strands of his hair. He lifted her onto the table behind her, scattering papers everywhere. Her heated center came to rest directly against his rock hard erection still hidden beneath denim, causing her to release a breathy moan. Their kiss didn't break; lips stretched wide, tongues tangled ceaselessly, teeth clashing occasionally as they devoured each other completely. Paul's hands lifted to circle her throat roughly, holding her face in place as he plundered every hidden recess of her mouth. Fingers tightened a minuscule amount as Bella's small tongue joined his, hesitantly following his lead. Her tentative exploration of his mouth and body was driving him literally insane with longing, Paul just wanted to fuck her, claim her – take everything she had to give. He wanted to mark her. His wolf was not under control, the fingers tightening around Bella's slender throat was a small testament to that fact. Paul wanted to take it slow but his wolf wouldn't let him. He felt his teeth elongate within his mouth, the sharp tips grazing Bella's fragile flesh as they continued to kiss wildly. He had to stop this before he hurt her. Before he took her and made her his. Before he did something he couldn't take back. He pulled himself back from her mentally and physically with super human effort. Their lips were still joined; they parted slowly, as he realized what he had to do. "Not." He ground out against her lips, "Like" he growled. "This." He pushed himself away from her then, the act a physical pain which turned his passion to rage. "Just leave ." Paul said roughly, his deep voice more animal than human. Bella stared at him, the hazy taking a few seconds to clear from her brain before reality set in, harshly. "What…? Why? What did I do wrong?" She asked her eyes filling with tears. Paul turned away from her and used the only ammunition he had which he knew would make her leave. Before it was too late. He had to face the fact that he was no fucking good for her. Paul felt that he had nothing to give her, nothing but pain and a shack on a reservation. "Wrong? It's all fucking wrong! Why should I sully myself with a fucking tick lover like you?" He snarled. "Leave! Now!" Hurt and shock flung her eyes wide as she watched him with disbelievingly. That look in her wide brown eyes drove daggers into his body, she turned with a sob and scrambled off the table, only stopping to pick up her shirt and jeans from the floor. Pulling them on carelessly, before she ran out into the pouring rain. She didn't see Paul's usually sarcastic face dissolve into a travesty of rage and pain as he watched her stumbling exit. Darkness had fallen now and she tripped several times before she reached her truck. Tears poured down her face in streams, mingling with the torrential rain falling overhead. She barely held onto the sobs, which wracked her small body. She didn't want him to hear her crying. Starting the huge old truck, she shoved it into gear and stepped onto the accelerator. She didn't remember driving home nor letting herself into the house. Bella collapsed into bed fully dressed, pulling the covers over her head, trying to shut out the bizarre and totally fucked up day she had had. What was wrong with her that men she liked always seemed to refuse her? While the ones she didn't really like chased her endlessly. And when had Paul Lahote become someone she liked? She didn't know the answer; it was just all too confusing and hurtful. Finally the tears ran out and Bella climbed stiffly from her bed to strip naked and climb back between the slightly wet sheets. Body warmth soon permeated the damp bed clothes and she slept. Occasional tears still leaked out from under her thick lashes. Her tears carried her to her dreams, which were disjointed and disturbing. A lonely howl echoed through her consciousness as she slept, the huge grey wolf standing guard outside her house listened to the sound of her sobs and then cocked its massive head with each sighing breath as she fell into restless sleep. The wolf guarded her; it could do nothing else. TBC.