at him and his jaw clenches. The whimpering of the wolf at my feet snaps me out of my anger spur with Edward. "Carlisle, I don't know why but I need you to save it. It's in pain and, and I just need you to save it dad. I don't know why but it's important," I say to Carlisle as he nods quickly, trusting me completely. He listens to the heart and instantly I can practically see the gears turning in his head as he hears the almost human-like heartbeat. Not wild like the wolves at La Push. Honestly, I had been thinking the same thing. "Emmett, Jasper. Help me move the wolf down to the basement," he says and they both nod as they grab the wolf and head in to the house. I feel Mom place a comforting hand on me, her scent having alerted me before she even touched me. "You did the right thing," she says. I nod and smile at her when I hear Carlisle calling for me. I'm at his side in a second "Where did you find the wolf?" he asks. I push the hair on my forehead back and tug. "I saw it fall off the waterfall next to the baseball field. I couldn't let it plummet to its death, Dad. I couldn't," I say and I see Carlisle nod. "And you said it was in chains?" he asks. I bob my head. "Yeah, I couldn't break them and it took even a bit of an effort for Emmett to snap them. The weird thing though, was that it re attached," I say and Dad looks over his shoulder to me. "These chains... reattached?" he asks. I nod. "And every time we would budge or move it the chain would sink tighter in its skin." I say as Carlisle frowns. "Emmett and Jasper go find the chains and where they came from, it couldn't have run too far in this state," he says and my brothers leave without a word. "Alice, I need your help with trying to stop the bleeding." I move next to him in a flash grabbing a towel and pushing it up against the part dad shaved off the wolf's coat. I see that the white towel start to get a deep red but, the smell isn't appealing to me. Its blood, it smells sweet but- 'No thirst. It's so faint.' "Do you smell that?" I ask Carlisle and he looks up from where his hands still haven't stopped sowing up the wounds. "Smell what?" he asks and I let him take in a deep gulp of air, "Amazing, her scent is so faint," he says. I frown. "It's sweet," I say. Dad lifts an eyebrow and takes another whiff before shrugging "I have never found shifter blood appealing." he says and I decide to leave it as I see the first rays of sunrise enter through the basement window across from us. "It's sunny today, no work." I say and dad chuckles as he moves closer to start sewing up the part where my hands are stopping the bleeding. I move to the other stitches and put gauzes on it making sure to keep it tight so blood won't flow. "Alice." Carlisle says and the shock in his voice snaps me out from the black fur with silver stripes I was admiring with my eyes and tracing with the tip of my fingers. I look over to Carlisle and see that he is staring at the foot of the wolf in disbelief. I look down to see it start to lose fur, the soft down disappearing into the skin. I look closely and realise that the light is hitting the foot of the wolf. I dash over to the window and open it, gasping when the furry paw starts to lose hair and start to shift into a human foot. Slowly the whole body of the wolf starts to lose the fur until the prone form shifts to a human; replacing the black wolf with silver stripes with an ivory skinned, dark auburn haired girl. Her plump pink lips are in stark contrast against her pale complexion and her tall frame made her seem a little lanky. Carlisle and I exchange a look before I quickly cover up the wolf, or girl, with a white blanket. I look at Carlisle to see him nod to himself as he starts to work on the girls injured foot. I stay frozen when my eyes connect to the girls face a second time. My eyes zone black and I feel the distinct feeling of my heart beat against my chest three times before it stops again. The air leaves my chest in a rush and then, just as soon as I felt all of this, it's gone. I shake my head quickly and touch my chest, head and arms before letting out a breath. "Alice? What did you see?" Carlisle asks. I frown, 'what was that?' I shake my head "Um, nothing just Em ruining my clothes." I say with a fake smile at Carlisle. He smiles back and shakes his head, "Oh, Emmett. That boy will never learn never to prank the girl that sees the future." He goes back to inspecting the girl's wounds. I shake my head as I look at the girl on the table, 'what happened? How come I zoned out like that? And… how did this wolf change in to a girl after a few minutes in the sunlight? And how did the wounds still stay in place even after the shift. I don't know this girls name or where she came from but- this is going to be very interesting.' A/N: Here it is, the first chap of the story, re-written to perfection-ish quality. Hope you guys like it… Review! And again thanks to my Beta Sara Sully :P I still secretly think its Sara Quin but shhhhh, its just a feeling :P