to change into something warmer, since it was always cold in Washington due to the constant rain. She knew that she wouldn't be missed at school, because it was so late in the year and none of the teachers really noticed her anymore. She wasn't worried that Charlie would get a phone call from a frantic Mrs. Cope, explaining how she wasn't present in her second period class and that she was afraid that Bella had ditched school. She wasn't worried how this would affect her father. In fact, Bella wasn't worried about anything. The calming rush of the waves and the salty breeze had almost lulled Bella to sleep when she felt someone sit down next to her. "Bella, are you okay? Your father has a nervous wreck. He heard that you ditched school from a lady in the front office. He looked all over Forks for you, but you weren't there. Billy Black, the tribal chief here, asked me to check around the reservation," the man said, as he was making himself comfortable next to her. She vaguely remembered him from the night she got lost in the forest, and she recalled that his name was Sam. He didn't seem concerned about the behavior that he had witnessed or heard about. Bella found comfort in that, and opened her mouth to tell him she didn't care, and ended up telling him the whole story from the previous night and this morning. As she finished, she noticed that Sam was smiling. "That night that I found you in the woods, I had to report back to Billy about your condition. I was disturbed, Bella. You just kept muttering "he's gone" to yourself, and you didn't even notice when other people were in the room with you. Since then, I've kept an eye on you. I've visited your father and we've talked about your improvements or lack thereof. I've kept people here on the reservation, like Billy and Jacob, updated on your condition. To say that Billy was surprised about this change would be an understatement." Sam finished with a laugh. Bella moved to stand up, but was stopped when Sam said, "I called Billy when I saw you on the beach and told him to tell Charlie that I found you. Charlie was just glad that you were finally doing something, and told Billy to let me know that you were allowed to stay here as long as you wanted." Bella smiled and threw herself back onto the ground. Sam sat beside her for the rest of the evening. They didn't talk. They didn't move. They just stared at the waves. When they decided it was time to go, Bella smiled and looked at Sam and said, "So, Sam, how do you feel about shopping?" Since that day, Sam and Bella had become best friends. She met Sam's fiancée, Emily Young, and they were fast friends. They spent almost all of their time together on First Beach, when Bella wasn't at school and Sam wasn't running off to some secret meeting. Bella thought that it was strange that these meetings were always following a call from Billy Black. That wasn't the only strange thing that Bella noticed about Sam. Whenever they were sitting next to each other on the beach, she realized that he was very warm. He seemed to always been running a fever, and when she asked about his health, he shrugged and they never brought it up again. Another thing that seemed strange to Bella was Sam's appetite. Some days when Bella came to Second Beach after school, she would bring snacks. Sam seemed to inhale anything Bella brought, and all of her uneaten portion. Sam's stomach seemed like a bottomless pit, in Bella's opinion. After about two months of Bella's emotional improvement and friendship with Sam, Bella had had enough with his sneaky behavior. One night, after he tried to abandon her on First Beach yet again, Bella followed him into the woods. Due to her clumsiness, she had trouble keeping up, and immediately fell behind. Bella didn't realize that Sam knew that she was following him, and what he led her to was almost too much for her small heart to handle. Bella stepped out of the dense forest into a small clearing and was immediately taken by surprise. She was standing in the middle of semi-circle of giant wolves. They were all staring at her, but she refused to make eye contact with them. Bella remembered she had read something about dominant wolves, and she wanted to seem as submissive as possible. She felt her heart began to race as she started plotting ways to get away, when she was suddenly brought out of her thoughts by Sam's voice. She noticed that he was standing near the wolves too, and was worried for his safety. "Sam, you need to get out of here! These wolves are dangerous! Just move as slowly as possible and don't make eye contact." Bella said this as quietly as she could and started to take small steps backwards. "Bella! Wait!" Sam called out to her. "Bella, I brought you here for a reason. I know that you've started to notice some strange things about me. I know that you've noticed that I'm a lot warmer than most people, and I can eat twice as much as a normal person. I know that every time I had to leave you on First Beach that you were afraid that I wasn't going to come back. I want you to know that your health is really important to me, because we're best friends, and I didn't want to keep secrets from you anymore. You're like my little sister, and I don't want to hurt you like the lee-Cullens did. Bella, look at me." At the end of this speech, Sam began shaking and Bella screamed as he transformed into a giant wolf. Her vision went black and she faded into unconsciousness.