away," he says, turning on his heel. "Come along now. I don't want to have a show down in this dingy place. Have some class." Alistair doesn't hesitate to follow Amon, his face drawn in a tense glare; Maggie is half a step behind him, part of her screaming in fear, seeing the roaring, out of control bright red aura that trails behind the Prince like smoke. The football field is littered with corpses when they arrive, and bound by invisible tethers in the middle of the field are her cousins and Bella, bloodied, bruised, and unconscious, but living. Angel-touched apparently – something that protected them from death? Amon abruptly spreads his arms to the side, inhaling deeply. "My wrath demons have done beautiful work, I have to say. It's a shame you had to kill them all with that wretched sigil. But look around us! I love the smell of death, don't you, half-blood?" Neither Maggie nor Alistair answer, each unsure as to who is being addressed by the Prince of Wrath. The Prince turns, pointing a finger directly at Alistair. "It's in your blood to love that smell. Don't shame your ancestors! In fact, you of all the half-bloods should love death and destruction more." "Why's that?" Alistair asks, voice tight. "Because I share the blood of murderous-" "Because you share the blood of the King! Find your family tree, boy! You're more Prince than I am, Son of Baal." Maggie's stomach drops. Any hunter worth their salt knew of Baal, the King of Demons. He was mentioned countless times in lore and mythology, his existence confirmed by hunters as recently as five hundred years ago, though those sightings were varied and unpredictable. But each mention of Baal had one thing in common – end of days . Just like that, it all clicked in Maggie's mind. It was the fucking apocalypse . Amon laughs, wagging his finger at Maggie, red eyes glowing. "There it is! There it is! It makes sense now, doesn't it?" "We'll kill you," Maggie promises. The Prince doesn't seem concerned in the slightest. "Oh, I'm sure you will. But not today. You're too weak, even for a halfie," he says, looking between Alistair and Maggie with a too-amused expression. "Oh, this is just rich. Look at you two. The descendent of Baal getting down and dirty with a halfie. You just reek of sex. And it's so ironic, like a tragic little play." "What's ironic?" Maggie demands, feeling this close to loosing her grasp on reality – every thing sounded true, everything Amon said was true , and it meant so much more than Maggie was prepared for. Amon throws his head back, laughing. "And the halfie doesn't know!" "Know what ?" "You're a halfie," Amon tells her. "Human with a dash of angel – enough angel to make you half. And you don't even know! Where did you think those eyes came from? Only one angel has malachite eyes! And I'll tell you right now, Gabriel will be so pissed that you bound yourself in holy matrimony to one of Baal's own blood!" Kill him . Maggie reacts without much forethought, allowing herself to be guided by that voice in her mind that she now suspected was an archangel – not that it mattered in that moment. Her body moves, both hands shooting up palm-out, subtle white glow in her fingers, lips moving in ancient chant. Amon smirks, rolling his eyes. "Oh, that's cute," he laughs, shifting his eyes to the rolling clouds. "But you won't be killing me today, Gabriel! She's not strong enough, even with a pump of demon energy from her new little bond. This will be fun later on, though." Before Maggie can blink, Amon flicks his hand out and her body flies halfway across the football field. She's sure one of her ribs is broken now. He appears before her, crouched down at her side, ignoring the shouts of Alistair as he runs in her direction. The Prince reaches towards her face, and a tinge of white light zaps at his hand as he touches the skin of her cheek. "Still protected, even if you are whoring yourself out to Baal's grandest son," he mutters, red eyes shifting into a glare. "You might kill me eventually, daughter of Gabriel. You might kill us all. But you will never kill our King. Mark my words. The end of the world is coming." Amon disappears instantly in a cloud of tumbling black smoke, the smell of fire crisp in the air – and Maggie's mind is totally blank, though she can now feel a sense of something watching her. Gabriel ? She didn't know. Alistair reaches her quickly, hand pressing over her rib, as if he knew exactly where her pain was. "Are you okay?" "No," Maggie says. "Not really." Alistair nods – like he understands that she's not talking about being physically okay. So much had happened so quickly and she was struggling to keep up. Her cousins and Bella were alive. She was apparently mated – accidentally – through some angel bond to Alistair. And she was part angel. Nothing and everything made sense. She would need time to truly sort it all out. "I think it's going to be the end of the world." Alistair cups her cheeks, beautifully chiseled face tense and truthful. "We'll be ready for it." Maggie glances at the mangled bodies on the football field, the blood soaking into dull green grass – and imagines countless scenes like this all across the world. She wildly imagines that Gabriel is showing her the horrible reality that could be the future if the hunters didn't do something. She looks up at Alistair, a piece of her soul, of her destiny, falling into place in the span of a second. "We'll have to be," she says resolutely. "It's the apocalypse." The author thanks you for reading...Please leave them some love, and remember this is anonymous!