now as it made getting to Seth's side that much easier. Jasper stopped short when he saw the IV line hooked into Seth's arm and another small tube going into his stomach. Carlisle glanced over at him and then back down at where he was taking Seth's pulse. A small smile came to his lips. "He's doing much better now," Carlisle stated. "I think he should wake soon." As Carlisle stood Jasper took his place, lacing his fingers with Seth's. "What's all this?" "Seth was dehydrated and slightly malnourished, either of which are good things in his condition. These are the fastest way to get him back into proper condition." Jasper looked up at Carlisle, a smile already growing on his lips. "So he is expecting?" Carlisle returned the smile. "Two months along I would say." "Dad." They both looked to the doorway where Luka stood, his golden eyes full of concern. Carlisle excused himself, going downstairs to share the news and to give the family some privacy. Jasper waved Luka over and he came, crawling onto the bed, curling up against Seth's side just as he had when he was little. Seth sighed deeply and slowly blinked. He looked at Luka and then at Jasper. "What…?" He questioned licking his lips. Jasper stood and went to get him a glass of water from the bathroom. "Em and I came home and found you on the floor," Luka told him quietly. "We couldn't get you to wake up. I was scared." Seth raised a hand and ran his fingers through Luka's hair. "I'm sorry I scared you baby. You did the right thing by getting the others." Seth's eyes went to the IVs in his arm and stomach. "What's all this?" "Carlisle said you were dehydrated and malnourished. He thinks you're about two months along." Seth's eyes snapped up to Jasper's. "What?" "You had no idea?" Seth's free hand went to his still flat stomach. "None…" He whispered. "I never thought…after Luka…" He hugged Luka closer, an action that caused him to feel the heat coming from Luka's skin. "Luka, baby, you're warm, almost hot even." Seth was used to Luka's skin being a mix of his heat and Jasper's cold. Luka swallowed. "I…I phased…" " What ?" Seth and Jasper exclaimed at the same time. "Embry walked me through it," Luka said quietly. Seth pressed a kiss to his temple. "I'm sorry baby; I wanted to be there if it happened." Luka wrapped his arms around Seth, hugging him. "It's okay," he whispered. "You're here now and you'll always be here. Right?" "As long as I can baby," Seth assured him running his fingers through Luka's hair again. -x- "Twins!" Seth exclaimed when he woke from the anesthesia. Jasper was smiling so wide Seth thought his face might crack. There was no emotion that was coming from Jasper that was anything but excitement. Nine months Seth had been on bedrest, just like when he was pregnant with Luka, not wanting to chance this miracle. Carlisle's decision to give Seth blood via a feeding tube turned out to be a very good idea. Seth hated drinking blood but he craved it, much more this time than he had with Luka. The blood milkshake Jacob had invented wouldn't have worked. With the blood going directly into his stomach he bypassed the drinking but still got the nutrition the baby craved. He never got as poor looking as he had when he was pregnant with Luka, something they were all thankful for. Never once did any of them guess he was carrying twins. Jasper and Luka sat on either side of Seth, each holding one of the babies. The twin girls favored Jasper already, both being paler than Luka and the hair they did have looked blonde. The glimpse they had had at the twins eyes told them that they had the same golden eyes as their brother. Seth couldn't stop touching them. He would run his finger down their cheeks, a gentle hand over their slightly fuzzy heads, counting both sets of fingers and toes. He couldn't have been happier. "Beautiful, little girls," Jasper murmured, dropping a kiss to the head of the baby he was holding. "What should we name them?" "Luka?" Seth questioned. "Hm?" Luka hummed, his eyes on the little fingers that had curled around his own. They were so small! "What do you want to name them?" Luka blinked and looked up at his parents. "You want me to name them?" "Well, you can give us suggestions," Jasper replied with a grin. Luka smiled and looked back down at his little sisters. It was such a strange feeling to be a big brother after having his parents to himself for nearly seventeen years. Not that he was jealous of his sisters, no, far from it. He saw how happy these twins made his parents. A part of his heart would always be reserved for them and he would do anything in his power to protect them. "Aylen," he said finally. "Happiness." It seemed like a fitting name for the emotion they were all feeling. Jasper and Seth shared a look, both testing the name. They liked it. "Aylen for the oldest twin," Seth said looking at the baby girl in Jasper's arms. "And what about this other baby girl?" It was awhile later before they finally decided on a name for the second baby. The now larger family wanted to be in complete agreement. They had two baby girls who had brought them an immeasurable amount of happiness and both girls were beautiful in the eyes of their family. "Kaya," Jasper stated finally. "Aylen and Kaya. Happiness and beautiful." Seth pressed a kiss to both babies' heads. "Welcome home Aylen and Kaya." "AK," Luka whispered. He glanced up and saw his parents questioning looks. "As older brother I get to have a nickname for my little sister's right?" Both Jasper and Seth nodded. "Then it'll be AK."