under Jasper's arm and then sent a sly smirk over at Emmett. "Looks like you made quite the impression the other night," she told him as Jasper pressed a kiss to the side of her head. "Oh really?" Emmett tried to sound nonchalant, but there was a grin spreading rapidly over his face. "What has she—uh," Emmett was cut off as he accidentally bumped into another student because he wasn't paying attention to where he was walking. "What did she say?" "You know that I can't tell you," Alice smirked. "Girl code and all." "I thought we were friends," Emmett pouted, playfully nudging her with his hips. "We are friends," Alice grinned and nudged him back, jabbing her finger into his ticklish side. He jerked away from her and made a face. "Oi," she made a face at him. "Act cool." Emmett's chin lifted just in time to see Rosalie breaking away from Tanya and Irina and walk tentatively toward them. She had that look on her face— her doll face —and she was perfectly made up in a tartan miniskirt, a black blouse and cardigan, and her hair pulled to the side in a tight braid. "Hey, girl," Alice grinned at Rosalie and Rosalie looked at her, a small smile on her face. "Hi, Alice," she said quietly. She cleared her throat and then shifted her eyes to Emmett. "Can I talk to you for a sec?" "Absolutely," Emmett was a little surprised by her request but he gave her a lop sided smirk. She blinked at him a couple of times before turning on her heel and leading the way toward an empty classroom. Emmett's heart sunk as he followed after her; her body language telling him that whatever it was she wanted to talk to him about wasn't a good thing. He closed the door behind him as he walked inside and then crossed his arms over his chest. "What's up?" Rosalie walked over to the windows and looked outside. She was flexing out her fingers at her side as she stood there, and Emmett studied the way her shoulders bunched up with tension. "Those things that I told you the other night..." "I'm not going to tell anyone about what you told me," Emmett assured her, his voice calm and low, so as not to carry out the door. Rosalie didn't say anything and Emmett just watched her, giving her the floor to speak. She turned around finally, and gave him a pretty smile, similar to the one that she had given him in the car and so completely different from the one that she was giving everyone in the hallway. "I know," she told him. "And that's why I wanted you to ask me out." Emmett jerked his head back slightly, surprised by the comment. "You want—sorry, you want me to ask you out?" He confirmed with her, his eyebrow raised. Rosalie licked her lips nervously and bobbed her head in a nod. "Uh, why don't you just ask me out?" Rosalie's perfectly arched eyebrows pulled together, almost in complete confusion. "Because that's not how it works," she replied. Emmett stared at her in disbelief for a few more minutes before a grin spread across his face. "Okay, Rosalie Hale," he drew out her name, liking the way that she watched his mouth as he sounded out her name. "I'll ask you out." She nodded again, her fingers twitching in anticipation. But as the silence drew out she frowned. "Well?" "Well, what?" He teased her lightly. "Well are you going to ask me out, or what?" She asked impatiently. "I am," Emmett nodded. "Just not yet." Rosalie looked taken aback. "Why?" "You know my full name, right? You pretended not to, when I first came up to you at the party, but then you said it when we were in the car," Emmett reminded her lightly and Rosalie's cheeks pinked adorably. "But you don't know all that much else. And while I knew that there was something that went on behind that mask you wear, I didn't know the details." "Isn't that what dating is about? Getting to know each other?" "True," he nodded with a half smirk, stepping closer to her. "But I think that we need to hang out in a group setting first. With Alice and Jasper, Bella and Edward. And then after that...That's when I'll ask you out." "How do you know I want to hang out with all of them?" Rosalie asked with a raised eyebrow. "Because you like them, and you want to be with people where you can be yourself. That's them. That's me," Emmett smiled at her. Rosalie still looked a little confused but she nodded slowly. "So have lunch with us today. And after school today, we're going out for milkshakes and burgers. Come with us." "Okay," she nodded. Emmett grinned. "Okay," he repeated back to her. Rosalie stared at him and then ducked her head, pulling her lower lip into her mouth as she took in the adorably boyish smile he was giving her. "So...Until I ask you out..." Emmett stepped forward and reached out to grip the edge of her cardigan, tugging her a little closer to him. She willingly stepped forward and tipped her chin forward to look up at him. Emmett's lips were over hers in an instant, brushing over her soft mouth and slipping both hands around her waist. The kiss was slow, and sweet, and while he urged her lips apart, he never slid his tongue into her mouth. When he pulled away, he brushed his nose against hers and gave her another lopsided smile. "See you at lunch, Hale," he promised, before turning on his heel and leaving the empty classroom. Rosalie watched him go, her doll face completely dissolved, the tips of her ears pink, her eyes glowing and a full smile on her face. Reviews make me so super happy! Let me know what you guys think!