This did not look like an ordinary growth spurt. He had only been an inch or two taller than my average height of five and a half feet. And now he had to be a whole head, if not more. He looked so different. He was huge- muscular, with lines and curves that sent more shivers down my spine. On his right arm was a tattoo- a big circle with an intricate tribal design. And even though it was barely springtime, he was wearing cut off shorts and what looked like a hoody with the sleeves missing. I was perturbed. In the few seconds it took me to look over his figure, I hadn't taken a good hared look at his face. Now I was a little frightened. I could feel him staring at me, so piercingly I could feel myself flushing. I looked up. We both gasped at the same time, and my heart started thudding furiously. I had to look away, so I did- making my body to face the front of the classroom, my hands desperately clutching the side of the desk, clutching so hard my knuckles turned white. Something was so very, very different about Jared Cameron. And he was still watching me. I tried to listen to the teacher talk about our legends, the legends I'd heard thousands and thousands of times but they were going in one ear and out the other. All I could hear was the blood pounding in my ears, my heart stuttering in my chest. In my peripheral vision, I watched Jared reach a hand out towards me. I jumped away. He froze in mid air, shock etched across his face. His face that had changed so much, he barely looked the same. My heart seized again. I had always been physically attracted to Jared. Always. Until now. Now? Now I was hooked. Hooked like a worm and he had me. Hook, line, sinker. Done. He was beautiful. He watched me and his hand dropped. I swallowed the spit that had gathered in my mouth and relaxed my aching body. My eyes met his. "I-" The words died in his throat but something about his face looked excited. It excited and frightened me at the same time. I was so confused. It didn't feel like real life, but the aching in my joints reminded me that this was no dream. "Are you-" Again, he stopped short. He inhaled deeply and I watched bizarrely as his eyes sort of rolled into the back of his head. Then his face flushed and he looked down. He glanced up again, then back down. I was officially stunned. I wanted to ask him if he was alright. He didn't look okay. He looked like he was going to be sick, but his eyes were gleaming. He was fidgeting and shakey, his hands tapping the top of the desk, playing with his pencil and always glancing in my direction. Almost as if he were nervous to be around me. I had never been more perplexed before in my life. Convinced something weird was going on here, I forced my body to face the front of the classroom once more. Determined to ignore him, to forget about what just happened. 60 seconds passed. I couldn't help it. I glanced in his direction. He was staring at me, his mouth opened slightly. When he saw me looking, his face flushed again and he ducked his head. I was even more confused than before. "Pop quiz!" The teacher exclaimed. There was a collective groan from the class. "Pull out a sheet of paper and a pencil. Please copy the questions from off the board." He began writing, turning his back to the class. All of my things were at home. Before I had a chance to sigh, there were the supplies on my desk. I caught the rolling pencil before it had a chance to fall off. I looked up. Jared gave a little twitch of his hand, which I thought to be a wave and he looked down at his own paper. This was too strange for words. Had Jared and I done some Freaky Friday shenanigans, and switched souls or something? Why was he acting nervous? Why was he acting like me? I tested the waters. "Thanks." He perked up, his eyes gleaming once again. He smiled at me, all his teeth pearly white. "You're welcome." I was amazed once more by his beauty. He could have been on billboards in New York City. I imagined his face shining down on tourists walking through Times Square, how they would point in awe and salivate just by looking at his face. I didn't know that what had happened to him could be accomplished in six weeks. His voice broke my daydream. "Kim?" And he knew my name. This day couldn't get any weirder. I couldn't unstuck my tongue fast enough to say anything, and somehow, he knew that. He smiled at me again. "Good luck." I wanted to say something back but couldn't find my voice so I just nodded. It took all of my willpower to concentrate on the quiz. When the bell rang, Jared was the first to jump up. He held out his hand. "I'll take it up for you. If you want, I mean." The hand he had out was suddenly running through his hair, agitating it. Like a nervous habit. Enough was enough. I cleared my throat. "No, that's alright. I've got it." He looked crestfallen but nodded. I walked my paper to the teacher, then was out the door faster than I'd fallen out of bed this morning. Immediately, I broke out into a cold sweat and my palms itched. I got the chills and shivered for a minute, trying to get out of the hallway where he was to clear my head. I was exhausted. I'd known Jared almost my entire life and that had been our very first encounter.