your aroma on my tongue. Everything that comes from you is so divine. My stomach rumbles with hunger. I've not eaten anything today, and it reminds me of that. Don't you see? It desires you. You quench my hunger. My thirst. A knock at the door makes me duck my head. "Hurry up, and I'll go with you," your roommate says. "Hold on a second!" you yell back. "This one's gonna be a doozy." Your roommate makes a sound of disgust that I don't understand. The doozier the better. "Make sure you spray in there when you're finished!" You're finally on the road, walking with your roommate and your dog to the river trails. I follow in your wake, my hands in my pockets. You don't notice me. You never do, but sometimes I think you feel me. Like I feel you. You'll stop and look around with narrowed eyes, fingering the concealed knife in your pocket. But you don't today. Your roommate distracts you with conversation, and so you walk down the trail oblivious to everything else. "He likes you. You like him. What's the problem?" "He just got out of a relationship. I don't want to be a rebound," you say, and I balk. Have I been so consumed in my obsession with you that I somehow missed your attention to another man? "He was dating that Alice girl, and everyone knows she's nuts. It barely lasted a month. That's nothing." "But still…" That's right. Keep finding excuses. You belong with no man except me. I should remind you of this. Show myself to you when your thoughts are on him so that you immediately think of me. Condition you to think of only me when any man crosses your mind. I step forward to announce myself, to say hello to you face-to-face. Maybe this will be the time you realize the intensity between us. The brindle sees me before you do. Her growl stops me in my tracks, her fur rising with her awareness down her back. She looks ready to attack, running a short distance in my direction. She will most definitely have to go when you are mine. Perhaps the time where you realize your unending devotion to me is better without the eyes of witnesses, so I back away, but you stop anyway. "What is it, Rose?" you ask, tugging on her leash, and then you're lifting your nose to the air. "Do you smell that?" "What?" your roommate stops, sniffing at the air as well. "I don't smell anything." You take another whiff and then shrug your shoulders. "It smells familiar." Your roommate laughs, pointing at your face. "Maybe it's the dried spit on your mouth!" I laugh internally, my shoulders shaking with my effort to keep silent. If you only knew that spit is my semen. You frantically wipe at your face, rubbing the dry fleck into your skin. Does your face smell like me now? Remember this scent, sweet girl. When I have my way, you will smell like me every second of the day. You hit at your roommate. I love your aggression. "No, it's not that, you smartass. It's like cologne. From a man or something." Do you recognize me from your room, sweet girl? Have you etched it into your memories while unconscious? I'm not surprised. You were always so smart. I don't know why I thought that would have stopped when you were dead to this world. Your roommate, still laughing, shrugs her shoulder. "Whatever. Let's get out of here before a creeper jumps out from the trees." That night you are no different. When all else is quiet and your roommates lie drunk in their beds, you lie in yours for just a second before your stormy insides take flight, and you reach down to play with that sweet little button over your panties. You press and circle until your hips are pushing into the air, and you are letting loose those soft little moans that drive me crazy. I can't help myself when I pull my dick out. Stroking along with you. Moaning along with you. Seeing stars along with you. But when I whisper your name into the night, you whisper another's. "Jasper." And I see red. I want to hunt this Jasper down and deliver a fate worse than death just because you said his name and not mine. I want to bite each finger off, one digit at a time, just because you thought of him and not me. I want to rip his dick from his body and make him eat it raw just because you've entertained the idea of sex with him. You are mine. Your soft moans. Your heaving pants. Your warms breaths. Your sweet blood. Your salty sweat. Your precious tears. All of that is mine. Not his. They will never be his. They will never be any other man's. Only me. If you only knew your place. One day. Soon. The next morning you awaken early and arm yourself with your weapons and dog. I've been awake since sunrise, waiting for you to emerge from your house. You see me as you step out and give me a big smile. Oh how I adore those smiles. Every day brings us closer to the time where those smiles will all be mine. "Good morning, Mr. Cullen!" you say as you pass by me. "Good morning, Bella. Off for another walk today?" You laugh so sweet. "Every day, Mr. Cullen." "Well have fun, girls," I say as you continue on down the street, my wave of goodbye matching yours. "Oh my god!" Your roommate giggles, leaning in toward you, unaware of how close I still am. "He is so hot for a dude in his forties!" You lean in close too. "I know, right?" I smirk to myself. Little do you know it's never truly goodbye. I'm always there. Watching. Waiting. Obsessing. Biding my time for that one day.