done everything he had done but the baby cried whenever Seth tried something. Was it possible for a robot baby to bond with one person and not another? He had never heard of anything like that. "Get some sleep," Jasper told him. "What?" "Lie down, sleep while the baby is quiet. I'll stay for a few hours." Seth shook his head. "I can't ask you to do that." "You're not, I'm offering. Seth, you look exhausted, your nerves are shot. I'm not going to take the baby with me, that's not the deal we made but I will help you. Sleep." Whether it was due to the aforementioned exhaustion or just the way Jasper was looking at him, Seth was unable to argue. With a tired nod, Seth stretched out on his side. He figured Jasper would move to a chair or even Brady's bed but instead, he turned and let his back rest against the wall. With Seth on his side, they fit but barely. Seth didn't have long to muse about it though because as soon as his head was pillowed on his arm, Seth was asleep. Seth didn't know what time he was when he woke but the room was brighter so the sun must have come up and was coming through the window. He was warm and comfortable, there was a warm weight resting on his side. Seth blinked and looked down. It was a hand, there was a hand resting on his side. The hand was attached to an arm which led to… Seth's eyes widened. Jasper! A blush warmed Seth's cheeks. At some point, Jasper had shifted so that he was lying on his side as well, facing Seth. The baby had been placed between them but it was blissfully silent. Jasper was still sleeping, his lips parted slightly. The light coming through the window played in the natural highlights of Jasper's hair, he was gorgeous. Click . A camera? Who had a camera? Seth turned his head and saw Brady standing at the end of his bed, phone held up, a shit eating grin on his face. "Good morn'n sunshine," Brady chuckled softly. Seth glared. "Delete that." "Nope. I'll send it to you later. Well, gotta get to class, see ya!" Brady stuffed his phone in his pocket and left, closing the door gently. "I'll kill him later," Seth vowed. The fingers on his waist tightened. "You're gonna kill who now?" Jasper's voice, still thick with sleep made his accent that much stronger. His question came out sounding more like, 'Yer gunna 'ill wh'uh?' Seth faced Jasper once more, the blush coming back. "Uh…Brady, my roommate." Jasper hummed, slowly opening his eyes. He took in Seth watching him, the robot baby between them and their positions, all with a lazy grin. "Morn'n." "Morning," Seth whispered. "Um…you fell asleep." "So it would seem." Jasper yawned and sat up, taking his hand away from Seth's side. Seth immediately missed the warmth from it. "At least the baby didn't cry again." "Truth." Seth looked at Jasper, trying to think of some way to thank him for coming over at 2am and helping deal with that damn robot baby. "Um…w-would you like some coffee? I can make you breakfast," Seth asked nervously. "How are you going to make breakfast in a dorm room?" Jasper replied with a laugh. Shit. He was right. Seth did not think that one through. "Oh..haha I guess you're right," Seth replied while rubbing the back of his neck. "I could take you out for breakfast to…um...ya know…repay you for coming over this morning." "Are you asking me on a date?" Jasper asked with a smirk, causing Seth to blush like a mad man. "N-no that's not what I meant!" Seth exclaimed. Jasper started to laugh, falling back onto Seth's bed, which jostled the baby causing it to cry out. "Oh no! Make it stop!" Seth begged Jasper. Jasper just chuckled and took the baby into his arms. "The baby is probably hungry. Where is the bottle?" Jasper looked at Seth expectantly. "Oh it's over here," Seth said as he reached over to his bedside table. He had to stretch across Jasper to do this because he had been lying against the wall. Just as Seth's fingers wrapped around the bottle, his other hand that was braced against the sheet on his bed slipped and he started to tumble off the bed. Before he had completely fallen, Jasper's free arm wrapped around his waist and pulled him back onto the bed. Seth laughed a little. When he looked up, his and Jasper's eyes met. As they stared at each other, Seth realized that he was now practically stretched out on top of Jasper, they were pressed together, just the crying robot baby between them, though neither seemed to hear. Jasper grinned and Seth blushed. -x- The following Monday they returned to class, Jasper carrying the baby carrier with Seth walking behind him, his posture completely dejected. Most of their classmates were already in the class, some still caring for their babies while others had laid them on the counter when they came in. Their professor gave them a smile. "Good morning boys. How did it go?" Jasper set the carrier on the counter and looked back at Seth with a smile and raised eyebrow. The pout on his face was adorable. "The robot baby bonded with him , it hated me," Seth muttered. Dr. Hanes blinked in surprise. "Excuse me?" "It hated me! Watch!" Seth took the robot baby from the carrier and cradled it. Almost immediately it started to cry. He handed it off to Jasper and the baby stopped crying. "See!" Jasper chuckled and wrapped a free arm around Seth's waist. "You're cute when you're annoyed." Seth shot him a half glare. "Shut up." Dr. Hanes sat watching the two boys in front of her, she picked up her coffee and a smile played on her lips behind the travel mug.