his way out, followed by his friends, and none of them said a word. They simply watched, curious as the boys took off running towards the woods. "He can't just do that," I asked when Alex had caught up to me. "Can he?" "It's not the first time he has." He said shaking his head. "Tani, what was that all about? Why was he acting so weird?" "I have no idea." I said quietly. "But what does it matter? I think it's better if we just avoid each other anyways." "I guess." He said with a shrug sounding unconvinced. "What?" I asked suspiciously. "Nothing." He said quickly. "You know I can tell when you're lying right? What are you thinking?" "Well." He looked uncomfortable. "It's just, I used to think he hated you, but after you moved, he kept coming up to me and Nona talking about you." "Probably just wanted to know if he could bully me long distance." I muttered darkly. "I don't think so." He said with an uncharacteristic frown. "I think he felt bad about what happened in the woods. He kept asking us if you'd mentioned it." "He did?" I asked in shock. "Yeah. Maybe he was afraid seeing you might bring it up again. It would explain why he looked so upset." I hadn't thought of this and was distracted by the possibility as we started walking to class. I was so lost in thought I didn't realize Alex had stopped until he was already five feet behind me, looking nervous. "Alex? What are you-" but I cut myself, the reason for his trepidation becoming apparent as my cousin stepped into the hallway with a few of her popular friends. She waved cheerfully at me. I smiled back. The girls gave me intense, but not unkind looks, almost as if they were expecting something. One of the girls had her cell phone out and whispered something to the one next to her, and both girls gave me a significant look. "Isn't that Rachel and Sarah Cowell?" I asked recognizing two of the pretty girls, they both had shoulder length black hair and the similar features. If memory served me correctly, Rachel was a senior, and Sarah was in our year. Like Nona and I, they were cousins. Unnoticed by Nona, Rachel relayed the information to the fourth girl, who's hair was pulled into two braids that fell almost to her waist. She too looked at me in wonder after I saw one of the one closest to me, Rachel, clearly mutter one word. Jason. "Yeah, with Nona and Amanda Call?" he asked and I nodded. Amanda was a new addition to this group, a sophomore. "Why are they looking at me like that?" I asked looking away uncomfortably. I'd gone from invisible, to suddenly a magnet of attention to people who'd never noticed me before. "I've no idea." He said honestly his eyes lingering on my cousin but then he turned back to me. "You'd better hope they don't want to be friends though." "Why?" I asked curiously. "Because you'd never get away from Jason then. Everyone but Nona there is dating one of the crew. That's usually who they spend most of their time with. You know it's funny." He said. "They look at you the way Jason and his friend look at me sometimes." "What do you think it means?" I asked. He shrugged. "I dunno, but it feels like they're waiting for something." "What could girls like that have anything to do with me?" I asked. I wasn't tall and beautiful like them in fact, I was so short Jason, who had to be between six five or six six now hadn't even been able to see me as he was walking. Compared to Alex and the rest of them, I looked like a lawn gnome. "Again I have no idea." He said and I looked up at him, and by up, I meant up. "Did you get taller?" I asked in alarm and he laughed. "Tani, it's not possible to grow visibly taller in less than ten minutes." He said amused. "Are you sure?" I asked but I was grinning. He put an arm around my shoulder and I was alarmed to feel that although he wasn't as hot as Jason, he was burning up. "Are you feeling ok?" I asked reaching up to put a hand on his face. "Yeah, why?" he asked. "You feel like you're a thousand degrees." I said frowning. "Yeah my Mom has been saying that recently, but honestly I feel fine." He said grinning. "Actually better than ever. I'm stronger, faster, you know I'm actually getting picked first in gym these days when we play sports." "That is a first." I muttered and again he laughed but I felt a sense of unease. I didn't know why but looking at this taller, stronger version of my friend was alarming. I'd thought his face was the same when I first saw him, but now that I looked at it, and examined him with careful scrutiny, I realized that it was only his expression when he saw me was the same. He looked much older than seventeen now, his face thinner, his jaw more pronounced. I was stunned to see that he wasn't just a little better looking. He really was attractive. Nothing, except for the lighthearted laugh and the cheerful smile remained of my childhood friend. While I knew it was personality that counted, and his good nature seemed unchanged I couldn't help but think he looked rather like Jason and his friends, even if he wasn't quite as muscular or tall. Yet. This unsettled me as we walked together towards our first class. I wanted nothing to do with the La Push gang, but I was unable to shake the feeling that if asked, Alex would join in a heartbeat. Then he'd be off with the popular people and where would that leave me?