meet you, Jacob." A tiny figure danced up to us and threw her arms around me, squeezing me tight. I knew her immediately from her light laughter. Alice Cullen had always been weird in high school but she had never bothered with me much. She knew me through Bella, but only because Bella drove me to school my junior year. And only sometimes did she even do that. To say I was shocked at Alice Cullen hugging me tightly was no joke. "Alice," Bella hissed between her teeth as she hauled the small Cullen off of me, "please act normal." "Sorry," Alice laughed around her smile, "I get a little excited around new blood." "Alice!" Bella shrieked, loud enough for a tall, blonde guy to slink out of the shadows and grab her hand to lead her away from us. Jasper Hale was just as awkward up close as he always seemed to be from afar. Bella shook her head and gave me a sideways smile. "I'm sorry, I know you probably want to go find your friends. Alice just gets a little lost sometimes. She's actually an awesome person," Bella apologized for her friend. Sister-in-law. Whatever. Jacob Black snorted, and Bella gave him a dirty look. "I'm not in a rush to see anybody," I told her quickly, probably a little too quickly. I was desperate for friends, for the support system in Forks that I had in Alaska with Adam. Bella seemed to like me well enough, and she was turning out to a little intriguing fun too. Bella seemed satisfied with my answer and led me through the crowd of people, stopping a few times to say hello or give me a quick introduction if we hadn't gone to school together. It was weird, I had been gone a year but I had lived in Forks my whole life. These people should be welcoming me back like family, not like was a new kid. I had gone to the same school as them for years, minus the Quileute kids. All the same, I hadn't been around this many people in a long time. At least since I had moved to Alaska. My throat felt tight and my head felt like it had been pumped full of helium. I couldn't see straight, so I plopped myself down on the nearest piece of driftwood and let my forehead fall into my hands. The nervousness would subside, after a while. It always did. My own heartbeat was too loud in my own ears, which is probably why I fell off my log when someone laid a tentative hand on my shoulder. "Jesus," a deep voice said with surprise, "are you okay?" It wasn't Jacob Black, and it wasn't any of the other huge boys that I had met either. He looked like he had just gotten there, which I had presumed from the mechanics jumpsuit he wore that was covered in oil and other various car greases. My face was flaming hot, and I was way too embarrassed to even look in his direction as I picked myself up off of the damp sand. I rested on my knees to wipe the sand off my hands and said, "I can't say that was really my finest moment, but I'm alright. The funny part is that I haven't even been diagnosed as a crazy person yet." "Um, okay," the guy said, and then set his red solo cup on the piece of driftwood to offer me his hand. "Here— let me help you up." I strongly considered ignoring his hand and getting up on my own and then running back to Forks myself. This was pure mortification. Instead, I reached my hand up to fit nicely into his hot one. And by his hand being "hot," I don't mean it in a sexual term. I mean it in a way that describes when you've stayed by the fire too long and now it feels like you're running a fever. Temperature wise. My eyes snapped up to his face in surprise at the sudden temperature change. The guy had a bright smile on his face that quickly melted off, and his dark eyes widened dramatically. He had this super intense look on his face like he was trying to figure out the answer to the world's hardest calculus problem. And then he started to shake. No, shaking is too tame. This guy started to vibrate. I tried to yank my hand out of his after a couple of seconds of shock, but his grip was so tight that it was beginning to hurt. "Hey," I gritted out through the pain as I tugged on my arm, "let go of me. That fucking hurts." He just kept on vibrating and getting incrementally getting temperature-hotter until I really couldn't see him except for a general shape. His lines were all blurred and shiny and I felt like crying. I had been back in Forks for a day and I was going to die at the hands, literally, of a mysterious, vibrating boy. "Seth," a bunch of Quileute guys that I had met earlier all started calling out as they ran at us head first, dead sprint. All of these massive guys were by our side in seconds, ripping the guy off of me and dragging him into the woods. His eyes stared at me even when I couldn't see him anymore, and a shiver went down my spine. "So fuckin' weird," I muttered to myself, clutching my hand tightly too my chest. I would have bruises tomorrow, but I wonder if maybe some burns too. When I turned back to the bonfire, I noticed that everyone at the party was now staring at me with varying displays of judgment. I couldn't take it anymore. I just turned around and left. Obviously only first chapter, but I feel good stuff about this one. Let me know what you guys think. Also, I don't own Twilight.