they were true. She had been very selfish. She had told herself that Jasper could feel how much she loved him and that staying with Edward was more because she didn't want to face what she'd done. The fact was that she had broken Jasper's heart—and she felt horrible about it. Choosing between Edward and Jasper wasn't even an option for her. She chose Jasper and she knew that she should have chosen him a long time ago. "I have to talk to Edward," Bella realized. She was scared of what he might do or say once she told him the truth. Alice grabbed her friend's hand and squeezed it gently. "I'll be right there, Bella." Bella's foot tapped nervously as she sat on one of the couches in the living room, next to Edward. Alice was sitting on her other side—ready to intervene if things got out of hand. Edward grabbed her hand and smiled. He was certain that she was about to accept his marriage proposal—she could tell. She took a deep breath and said, "No." He looked confused. "Love, what are you talking about?" She looked down at her hands. "My answer to your proposal is no." He leapt up and started pacing. "Why?" he demanded. She looked at Alice for encouragement before squeezing her eyes shut and admitting, "Because I don't love you anymore." He stopped his pacing. "What do you mean?" She couldn't look at him. "I'm not in love with you anymore, Edward. I—I fell in love with someone else. I don't know how to explain it but it just happened." His eyes were almost black with anger and he had his fist clenched tightly. "Who? Who is it?" Bella was scared now. "I—I can't tell you that." " Who ?" he shouted. "I can't tell you!" she shouted back. Alice grabbed Bella's hand and hurried them to the front door—Edward demanding an answer the entire time. Finally, right before she shut the door, Bella turned to him and said, "It's Jasper, okay?" Her heart broke a little when she saw the shocked expression on Edward's face. She closed the door and hurried to one of the many cars in the driveway with Alice. A part of her was relieved because she was pretty sure Edward wouldn't follow her—but she wasn't sure how he'd react once he got over the shock. Alice seemed to know what she was thinking. She side-eyed Bella. "I'll deal with Edward later. Don't worry. Right now, we need to get you to where Jasper is." "And where is Jasper?" Bella asked as she nervously watched the speedometer needle climb higher and higher as Alice pushed the car to its limits. Alice closed her eyes for a second, which almost gave Bella a heart attack. "He's headed towards La Push." "But... the treaty..." The implications of what Alice said dawned on her. "We can not let him step over that line!" If he did that, the wolves would destroy him. Maybe that's what he was hoping for. Bella closed her eyes to try to fight the tears that were forming. Why had she been so selfish ? There came a point when Alice had to stop the car and carry Bella on foot. It was a little weird getting a piggy back ride from Alice since Bella was so much taller but she didn't say anything. She just hoped they got to Jasper in time. She saw smoke in the distance and before long, she saw him. He had his back turned to her and was sitting on the ground—staring into the fire's light. They were still a few miles away from the treaty line. She jumped to the ground and ran right towards him. She knew he could hear her but he didn't turn his head. She got to him and threw her arms around his neck and started sobbing into his shoulder. "Jasper, I'm so sorry!" she managed to say between tears. She felt him move and before she knew it, she was sitting in his lap and he was giving her a small smile. She smiled back through her tears and leaned up to touch his cheek. "I missed you." He turned his head and kissed the palm of her hand. "I missed you too, Bella." She wiped her tears away with her sleeve. "Alice helped me see how selfish I'd been." She buried her face in his neck, unable to look him in the eye at that moment. "You weren't selfish," he told her quietly. "I know it was a hard decision but thank you." "I chose you a long time ago," she whispered against his neck before placing a gentle kiss there. "I want you to know that, Jasper." His arms tightened around her and she picked her head up. He was smiling at her and she could feel the happiness he was projecting. She giggled and wrapped her arms around his neck. His happiness was contageous. She planted a kiss on his cheek before capturing his lips in a desperate kiss. He deepened it. She would have kissed him for hours if she didn't need to breathe. She pulled away but didn't move back very far. She whispered against his lips, "I love you so much, Jasper." "I love you too, Bella," he responded, before kissing her again. A/N : Well... this was intense. It's been a while since I've written Twilight fanfiction so hopefully I did it justice. The song that inspired this fic is called "Dear Lover" by an amazing band called Social Distortion, and you should all check it out! Also, for anyone who's reading my other Twilight fics... sad to say that those are being put on hiatus. I won't say I've abandoned them completely because I may come back to them but we'll see. Btw, reviews make my day and I would love some feedback! Disclaimer : Stephanie Meyer owns the characters. Social Distortion owns the song "Dear Lover".