here?" I said in an attempt to take her mind from my blunder. "Yeah, as I said Jake is avoiding me on purpose, and before you say anything I am sure that he's hiding something so please don't tell me that I am panicking for nothing. This is serious and yes a mere human like me can sense it." She said in an unusually calm voice, like me. I couldn't help but smile, it's a small thing, but yet very significant for someone like me. Unlike humans, change in a vampire is a complex process. We don't change like humans. However, we try to keep our prominent human traits after entering into this cursed side of the world, well at least my family is trying to keep their humanity with them. Bella and I share a close relationship and I can admit that we have grown on each other; Bella has picked up my defensive side while I have picked up some of her caring nature. At least I think I have. "Edward, are you sure you are all right?" she said again bringing me out of my mind, her face is somewhat of pain, anger, and concern, "I am fine," I said with a practiced conviction in my voice. With my reply, she went back into telling me about how Jacob is avoiding her and how she's trying to hold onto his whereabouts with no success. She is worried about him, well if I was at her place, I would have gone crazy too. Okay, I think I should help her but how? Hmm… if I could reach Jacob and tell him about Bella's condition, I am sure he will contact her if he can see how miserable Bella is after his mysterious disappearance, at least he can comfort her through a phone. While I know that those wolves will never hurt Bella or any human for that matter, I also know that young wolves are volatile in nature and sometimes they can be dangerous, when provoked or stimulated they lose their temper and transform into a giant wolf and during that process they can hurt anyone around them accidentally. I was lost again in my thoughts when I heard something, with my left hand I caught the pillow thrown at me and heard Bella muttering: "Stupid vampire senses." I couldn't help but laugh at that, who knew out of all people I would be attacked by Bella and that too with a pillow. "I am terrified Bella, how can you attack an innocent vampire like that. OMG Humans are so violent." With that, Bella fell down into a fit of laughter; yeah I have also picked few things from a certain wolf. Since she's missing that mutt, I thought that I should do something like him… I am happy my plan worked, seeing Bella happy like that makes me happy too. I wish I could do same with… "Jesus Edward what was that?" she finally asked while still giggling a little, "Thanks, I know I am whining like a spoiled kid but I am really worried for him," she said with a sad expression. "I can understand that you are worried about him but Bella, you should believe him and as I said earlier give him a little space and time, I am sure he will come back to you," I said while keeping my tone steady and calm, I was ok with Jacob wanting Bella but still sometimes, it's difficult to control my feelings. Nevertheless, I know that he hates me from the core of his heart and it hurts that the person I love probably hates me more than he loves anyone. Well, I can't change that but I can help him with Bella, I just want him to be happy. Moreover, I don't think there's anyone better than Bella for my mutt, I genuinely care for them both and I can live with the fact that they are together I can accept them together. "I... I think you are right." She said with a pensive expression. She is hurting from inside just like him, that stupid mutt he was like a persistent pest before and now when she needs him he is hiding just because he's different. At least he can still give her everything, and if he wants he can stop phasing after some time and live like a normal human with his 'Bells'. He can have all the happiness in the world and I will always be there for them, I will make sure they live a peaceful and wealthy life. I know I can't stay with them but I can watch them from the shadows, it will be so great to see them grow and have things I can't… I will also get a chance to be a part of those things with them even if only from afar. Mostly I want to see small Jacob and Bella, it's something I have always wished for but since it's not possible I had buried those desires with everything inside me. Now with them, I can experience those things even if in the smallest way possible. I know it will hurt to watch them grow and move on without me at some point, but I am ready to take that pain, Jacob's worth it. I held myself in the past because I didn't want to interfere with their feelings, but I can't see my close friend and that stupid mutt- my love, suffering just because they can't come forward with their feelings. If a little push from my side could bring them their happiness, then this is what I will do. With that thought, I gathered all my feelings, locked them up in a corner and with all my determination and spirit looked up into Bella's eyes and said: "Bella Swan, are you in love with Jacob Black?" Hey! so how's it? and what about Bella? will she confess her true feelings to Edward?