cheese and spinach cobbler she ate it giggling whenever my mother brought the spoon to her lips. Her Ginger curls bounced up and down and would fill her whole face up with a look off utter and complete happiness. "Is there a place for me" mom looked up at him and smiled she obviously didn't notice his awkward look or the awkwardness that hung around the room, Dad sat down and took a big bite of the spinach cobbler. "I am sorry" he looked at all of us and glanced at mom lastly she just smiled at him having forgiven him. "Daddy what happened why were you angry" America and Alaska asked in unison pulling up their cute girl faces dad always caved in for that one he was easy to convince when it came to the cute faces. "Okay listen I am not going to tell you why I am mad but I am going to tell you something important okay all of you listen" all off us nodded even mom she frowned while feeding Kenya another spoon dad ran a hand over his sweaty forehead he was obviously nervous he was either afraid off our reaction or for what was about to come "I just got a call from my old pack and they have an emergency that is going to need help and it's also a problem that isn't quite easy to fix" America and Alaska both frowned their perfectly sculpted eyebrows turning down into an odd mix off sad and angry "You're leaving" he shook his head his black hair rolling down and over his eyes "we are we have to leave to la push tonight" I looked at him wide eyed and America and Alaska slammed their fists on the table. "We are not going anywhere" Dad looked at them again his eyes showing tiny flecks of yellow, his breathing got ragged and he took a big slug off the coke in his cup "listen I wouldn't be going if I didn't have to but there is a lot going on Sam lives in La push and apparently vampires are back and his kid phased so basically it means all of us with the gene have to take out responsibility" I didn't really care it wasn't like I really had any friends here it was just a couple of people that hated me. Mom looked at dad as he looked around at us you could see that he didn't want to disappoint us and felt bad doing so. "listen okay I want you to meet my friends and family but since we grew apart and everybody stopped calling this might be the only time we all get to see each other. I want you to be partly happy for me that I get to see my father and stepmother and also my mother along with her husband, I want you guys to know where you came from. But I am also not happy that we have to go back cause I don't know for how long we're staying and La push is really small not perfect to start business" mom hooked a blond curl behind her ear and looked at us her face indescribable, Dad smiled once before bringing his plate to the sink, mom sighed and grabbed Kenya out of her high chair, she walked towards the living room and placed Kenya in her playpen. I groaned and the others stomped away up the stairs and into their rooms, I walked into my room and grabbed my three purple suitcases I had gotten for my trip to Bora Bora with our parents, I filled one suitcase with shoes, one with my skirts and jeans and the other one with dresses t-shirts and sweaters, my bright green handbag was filled with my accessories and necessities, I carried two of my suitcases downstairs and noticed four suitcases downstairs the twins sat on the couch furiously typing away on their phone. "America, Alaska how about Mirabella and Arabella" they both snapped their heads away from their phone to look at me their eyes wearing a sad disappointed expression. "We are taking them in the car their suitcases are there" in the corner stood two grey small suitcases, I giggled and the twins smiled quite a small smile but it was still a smile. I walked back upstairs and my saw my mother rolling a red and white polka dotted suitcase through the hallway, she smiled softly at me I stepped into my room and looked around we would only be gone for like three months anyways so what did it matter. I grabbed my last suitcase and Pearls little louis Vuitton baby bag, which is where I put in everything for Pearl. I walked out of my room and down the stairs laying my suitcases down next to My other ones I noticed England was still upstairs I walked upstairs and saw England pulling on comfortable clothing she sighed and grabbed Berta and Berta's Chanel Baby bag before walking down the stairs Pearl stood at the foot off the stairs and I grabbed her nuzzling her nose and scratching her behind her ears. "Is this all" dad asked us while looking at all the suitcases mom nodded her head while cradling a sleeping Kenya in her arms. Dad nodded and started loading the suitcases in his extra cart thing. we all thought it was stupid when he bought it we even laughed at him and called him stupid mom just shrugged and told him that it was his money. "Everybody's got all the pets right" we nodded and mom peeked once in the bundle of blankets she was holding "yeah" we all said mom cradled little Kenya against her chest. Trying to shield her from the cold. We all crammed into dad's SUV Tahoe and fastened our seat belts mom strapped Kenya into the car seat and away we drove toward La Push the city of vampires.