around her. "Exactly." It felt nice to sit here with her in my arms; this is the closest we've been in a while. "How soon can we go?" she asked looking up at me. "I can clear my schedule for Friday through Labor Day. We can come back late Monday. Can you get away Friday?" "I'll make it happen, Baby," she said as she leaned in and kissed me gently. I couldn't help but deepen the kiss; the first real one we've had in a long time, and I wanted to enjoy it. She moaned softly as I ran my tongue over her bottom lip, and she opened her mouth to me. I slowly massaged her tongue with mine as she gripped the back of my hair. I laid her back on the couch and kissed her over and over again as my hands roamed over her body. "I've missed this, Baby," I murmured as I kissed up to her ear. "Me too," she said as she pulled my lips back to hers. It seemed like hours that we laid there kissing and touching each other before I pulled back and looked at her swollen lips. "I love you, Isabella. Always have; I've never stopped," I said looking into her deep, brown eyes that were brimming with tears. "I love you too, Edward. I never stopped." She wiped the tears away and I leaned down to kiss her again, "Shall we head up to bed?" She nodded at me. I wasn't sure if we'd make love tonight or wait until our vacation, but I'd let her decide what we would do. Slowly we walked upstairs, hand in hand and it felt so perfect to be going to bed at the same time. My heart felt lighter, and I had hope that we'd make it through this rough patch. When we reached our door, Bella spoke as she looked up into my eyes. "I want you to make love to me, Edward. It's been too long and I don't just want to sleep next to you. I want to feel you loving me, like we used to." I couldn't deny her anything; I'd give her the world if she asked for it. "I don't need the world," she said softly with a laugh. "I just need you." I didn't even realize that I said that aloud. We slowly undressed and slipped under the covers, she was still the most beautiful woman ever. We slowly kissed as I moved over her. I pushed her hair off her shoulder as I slipped inside her. She still felt perfect around me as we both moaned. I slowly made love to my wife, cherishing every sound she made, as every touch set my body ablaze for her. I needed her so much and I can't believe we went this long without touching each other. "Never again, Baby," I murmured as we moved together, our bodies glistening with sweat as we kissed and held each other tightly. She nodded, knowing exactly what I was referring to. "I love you," she murmured against my lips. "I love you, too," I said as I felt her walls clenching around me and she cried out my name. I followed behind her as I whispered her name repeatedly as my body trembled above her as I kissed her lips. "Amazing," I whispered. "Mmm ... yeah, always was." "I don't know how we went without that for this long." "Me either, Edward. But I know I don't want to go without it again." "I know," I said turning us so that we were on our sides. "Feel free to kick my ass if we go longer than a day without being together." She laughed and said okay, as I kissed her softly. "Do you ever think about us having children?" she asked. "I do, but I wasn't sure if it was something you still wanted." "I want to try," she said with a smile. "When?" I asked. "Anytime." "Really?" "Yes," she said with a breathtaking smile on her face. I smiled at her as I leaned in to kiss her. I couldn't wait to start trying to make a baby with my beautiful wife. *9 months later* EPOV As I was sitting in the chair next to my sleeping wife, I watched our baby, Noah Alexander, sleep in his bassinet. I thought back to the time we barely spoke to each other, and how we overcame that and reconnected. We were on the verge of separating. I could feel and see the distance between us and I knew we had to fix it or we wouldn't be together anymore. I asked her to come home for dinner and that we needed to talk. We talked and realized we still had so much love for each other. Then we made love, I couldn't tell you the last time that I held her in my arms, let alone made love to her before that night. It was also the night we decided to go away for the weekend; to a secluded cabin without distractions or interruptions. Once at the cabin, we barely left the bedroom, except to eat. We laughed and talked, and made love as often as possible. We rekindled our love; not that we didn't love each other; we just didn't take the time to be alone together. Work was our distraction. We knew that neither of us wanted to get divorced. We just had to get our priorities straight and fight for our love. Noah let out a soft cry and I got up to get him. "Hey little guy," I said softly, looking down at his perfect little face. I couldn't help the tears that fell from my eyes as I watched him. If we hadn't fought for our love, this would never have been possible. I looked up to see Bella smiling at me. "Is he okay?" she asked. "He's perfect." "We're perfect," I said with a smile.