I threw my head back, calling out her name as I rode the downpour. I felt her jerking under me and her hands scratching my back as her own release took her. I kissed each of her closed eyelids, then her lips adoringly, still connected and wishing we could stay like this. She wiggled her bottom, making my hyper sensitive dick twitch. I bucked a few times, shaking from head to toe before I pulled out. I rolled off of her. "I'll be back," I promised as I kissed her. It was meant to be a chaste one, but I got distracted with how soft her mouth was and how good she tasted. I tore myself away and walked to the bathroom. After taking the condom off and tying it in a knot, I pitched in the small trashcan by the toilet. I cleaned myself with a dry rag as I soaked one for her with warm water. Pulling jeans on because I didn't want to chance lying naked with her, knowing where that would likely lead, I went back to her. She reached for the rag, saying, "Thank you." But I didn't give it to her. She looked at me in confusion until I knelt beside her and slowly wiped from her knee to the inside her thighs. Her eyes dilated and her breath hitched when the towel made contact with sensitive flesh, a place I had rigorously marked only moments ago and wanted to do again. Very soon. Now , soon. After making sure every nook and cranny was cleaned, I dropped the towel and laid down next her, picking her up and laying her on my chest. She sighed contently, curling closer, melding herself to me. I rubbed lazy trails up and down her arm as my eyes got heavy. "You said you made me something," she said suddenly, startling me out of sleep. She lifted herself up, pressing her hands on my chest and giving me the most spectacular view of her breasts. "I did," I said, moving to get her closer nipple in my mouth. She slid away with a sly look. "I'd like to see it." "Now?" "Yes, now. " I yawned, scratching my stomach. "Okay, okay, wait here." She beamed, wrapping herself up and looking like an angel sent to me right from heaven. After grabbing the wrapped gift at the other side of the room, I returned to her, snuggling inside the sheets so I could feel her skin against mine. I placed the rectangular present in her hands. "What is it?"' "Open it and see." She carefully unfolded the cloth until the smooth dark wood showed itself. My nerves rattled when she turned it around to see what I'd made. Your strength isn't from bronze or metal. Your strength isn't from clamoring to battle. Your strength isn't larger than life. Your strength is quiet. It is constant. Steadfast. Your strength is the most beautiful thing. The words were craved in the best cursive I could manage with swirly designs all around it. I watched as she traced the words, and then I saw teardrops fall. I went to grab it. "Oh, honey, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have-" She pulled it away before I could get a grip on it, cradling it protectively as she sniffed back the rest of her tears. "No, I love it." She kissed me. "I love you." I smiled, feeling happier than I had ever before. "I love you, too." She allowed me to take the gift so I could place it down on the floor and pull her to me. We made love again and again until I couldn't go anymore. I woke her the next morning with kisses and words of love before sliding into her, where I fit so perfectly. Epilogue Two years later... (Bella) I sat next to Edward across from Esme, his mother, and Carlisle, his stepfather; Charlie and Sue were at my side. They'd met through me and had hit it off. Sue had been the one to pull away, worried their growing relationship would bother me. I had dragged my protesting father to her house. He'd grumbled the whole way, saying that he didn't want to go against her wishes. She'd opened the door with wide, shocked eyes. "Here," I'd said, pushing my father to her. He'd stood frozen in front of Sue. "This wasn't my idea, I swear." She'd smiled nervously. "This doesn't even remotely bother me. You both deserve to be happy and need to give this a shot." I'd left them with that and here we were, them being married for just under a year, and all of us eating Thanksgiving dinner together as a family with Edward's family. Edward had been clean and sober since I'd met him. I'd relapsed once. No judgement, only understanding came from him. I really couldn't imagine being where I was without him. We lived together in his cabin, him making and selling beautiful furniture and me still working for James and finding a calling to photograph nature and Edward. But the photos of him were only for my eyes. Edward, clinking his sparkling grape juice, reverted my attention to the present. Everyone looked at him with inquisitive eyes, including me. He cleared his throat, pushing his chair back. I watched as he lowered down to one knee right on his parents' floor. My heart hammered as he took my hand and looked up into my eyes. Esme squealed with excitement as Sue, Carlisle and Charlie smiled brightly. "Bella," he started. "You've made me not regret my mistakes because they've brought me to you and made me the happiest man alive. Will you marry me?" I breathed deeply, looking at everyone's happy eyes then Edward's nervous ones. "Yes. Yes." He kissed me, holding my face lovingly as everyone clapped. End Note: I have to thank everyone so much for voting and reviewing. It was so awesome to see what people thought!