clothes, as though she had grabbed the first things from her closet that she could find. The guy sitting next to her on the other hand was very handsome. He had pale skin exactly like Alice's and was the same height as my brother at 6"2' with a slender yet muscular body. His bronze hair was messy and looked perfectly unkept. His gold eyes never strayed far from the brunet, if they moved at all. He also had high cheek bones and full lips that almost any girl would kill to have, but his strong jaw line made him seem stubborn. He was dressed in a long black sleeved shirt, grey short sleeved button up and blue jeans with regular sneakers. My eyes quickly darted around for an empty seat and I was thankful to find one in the very back corner on the opposite side of the two. Keeping my head down, I made my way quickly to the desk and sat down. Another reason that I have always hated school? Well it's the same reason that I hate being in public. My eyes always draw attention. I was lucky that Alice and Ms. Mayhem didn't ask and no one in my first hour noticed, but now that I had an actual class it wouldn't take long before people did start to take notice. People are always afraid of my eyes, or way too interested; the latter being the least common. I pulled my sketchbook and a pencil from my bag and I began to draw. Usually I would make doodles, but after art class I wanted something real. I started on the sketch of my great-grandfather's friend. I never could remember his name, but I knew it was on the tip of my tongue. The bell rang and I closed my eyes in annoyance. I opened them and put my sketchbook away. "Alright class, let's see who remembers anything about the Constitution!" Mr. Jefferson called out as he walked into the classroom. He had two stacks of papers in his hands. "Miss May, please pass one of these out to everyone. Mr. Carver, pass these to everyone as well, oh and please give this paper to our new student." Mr. Jefferson grabbed a paper off of his desk and laid it on top of the stack 'Carver' held. The two students did as asked rather quickly. Everyone seemed to know how this class worked and didn't touch their papers. "On your desks are two assignments. I want the yellow paper finished first and turned in on my desk. You will have 20 minutes to complete it." Moans filled the room from various students, all of whom fixed their desks back into neat rows. "Now, now. There are only seven questions so don't moan. Most of you should finish on time. I also want complete sentences! Once you've turned in your yellow paper you'll find yourself a partner that's completed theirs and work together on the white sheet quietly. Alright, begin." Mr. Jefferson sat down at his desk and watched the class. Flipping over my yellow paper my brow creased. Constitution Quiz 1) When did the Federal Convention convene? 2) On this day, how many states did delegations come from? 3) When was it decided that a new draft would be written? 4) What kinds of sessions were held? 5) How many delegates signed? 6) Who refused to sign? 7) Where were they from? I quickly filled out the answers to the questions and signed my name at the top. Keeping my head down I stood up and turned my quiz in to Mr. Jefferson and then walked back to my desk to look over the extra paper that was given to me. It turned out to just be a list of items that were needed for the class. The final paper that I had to worry about was my pair work... 'Such fun.' "Hello there," a voice said from beside me. I peeked over and saw the 'Carver' guy sitting down at the desk beside mine. "I'm Daniel Carver, Mr. Jefferson's T.A. We don't have an even number of students in the class so if you don't mind I'll be your partner for this assignment." I took this moment to finally look at Carver fully. Quickly he pushed himself away and tripped over the desk behind him. "Holy Crap!" My face hardened at Daniel's action. "Dude you're eyes…" "What the hell is wrong with my eyes?" Daniel shivered as I glared at him. Now we had the classes' attention, Mr. Jefferson's included. A few people backed away like Daniel did with their own choice phrases. "Look at her eyes." "Are those contacts?" "What a freak!" "What the Fuck? Does she have a disease or something?" Other people didn't say anything out loud but I could tell that they were thinking along the same lines as everyone else. My glare intensified and I looked down at my paper. Quickly filling in the proper order of the Bill of Rights I stood up. "Mr. Jefferson may I go to the bathroom?" "Um, yes of course. Just finish your assignment and you can." "I'm already done." I walked to his desk and set the assignment down before exiting the room. At first I was pretty lost. I didn't know where the bathrooms were in any of the buildings so I ended up just wandering around. After a few minutes I finally found one. Once inside I locked the door and sat on the counter. 'Who cares if the teacher has issues with it, I'm not going back to that class right now.' I know what high school is like. Once I get to my next class the majority of the school will know all about my eyes. "Why do I always have to deal with this?" I muttered to myself. "So what if my eyes are amethyst. They're natural and I like them." Once again my mind drifted to a memory.