As they get closer, they can see that the rocks have a number of crevices running through them, creating small crannies and nooks throughout the hard stone. As Brandon approaches, a straggly looking old soldier with a floppy hat appears from behind the rocks. He walks straight towards them stopping in front of Brandon. Both the soldier and Brandon straighten to attention. The soldier salutes Brandon, "Sir." Brandon solemnly returns his salute. "You may rest, soldier." The old man's face creases into a smile. "Been waitin' a long time to hear those words. Thank you Sir." The old man turns and walks toward a group of trees. He disappears just inside the tree line and within seconds neither Bella nor Edward can see any evidence he was ever there. Bella and Edward exchange a look. "Brandon, why did you tell the soldier to rest?" Brandon glances up at his parents. "Because he was tired. He's been here a long time." "O-kaaaay." Edward drags out the word, not sure what to make of what he's just witnessed. Brandon continues to make his way toward the rock. Once he reaches it, he circles around it until he spots a small crack just over Edward's head. The crack is mostly obscured by another piece of rock that's fallen on a natural shelf below the space. "Daddy, can you help me." Brandon raises his arms, asking Edward to lift him to reach the hole. The small hole is just big enough to fit an adult's hand inside. Before either of his parents can protest, Brandon reaches in and finds a small leather pouch. "Brandon, there could have been a snake or a spider in there." "Mama, it's fine. I got what I wanted, " he triumphantly holds up the worn brown pouch. Edward sets him down and they find a spot on the flat rocks where they can sit next to each other. Brandon opens the pouch and carefully removes it's contents: a gold pocket watch, a wedding ring, and a yellowed paper. Bella reaches for the watch. "May I?" she asks Brandon. He nods as she carefully takes it in her hands and opens the cover. Inside, in flowing script, are the initials J.W. C. She hears Edward's low gasp next to her. "All this time, up til this moment. I really didn't believe it. I was just going along with it, thinking if we did this, then you'd both give up this obsession. But, this…" Edward's finger traces the initials. "This is the real deal." Brandon holds the letter in his hand. He looks at Bella, his eyes serious. "Mama, this is for Alice. If you read it aloud, she'll know. Please." Bella nods. This is the reason they are here. Bella takes the paper and gently unfolds it. She clears her throat. My Dearest Alice, If this letter finds its way into your hands, it will mean that my life is forfeit for this Noble Cause. It is not in our gracious Lord's plans to see fit for me to return to you. Please know, my love, that I will love you now and forever from the depths of my soul. Tell our precious baby Emmett that his father lived an honorable life and I would expect my son to grow to be a God-fearing virtuous man. I trust that with your guidance, he will be everything I could ever hope for in a child. I only wish that I could be with you both on your life's journey. My time with you, Alice, has been blessed with a happiness that few experience. From the moment I first saw you in that ballroom in Biloxi, I knew that there was no other woman for me. My days with you have been filled with joy and love. Forever yours, Jasper The tears flow freely from Bella's eyes, as she refolds the paper and hands it to Brandon. "I'm sure she knew how much Jasper loved her." Brandon nods as Edward wraps them both in an embrace. "I read that there were so many bodies after the battle that they couldn't properly claim them. Jasper died on the second day when the Confederates down here were under heavy sniper fire from the hill above. One of Jasper's officers wrote to Alice afterwards. He told her that Jasper was shot, he knew he wouldn't survive. He was losing so much blood. The officer was trapped further back and couldn't get to Jasper because of the heavy gunfire. Jasper must have been afraid his body would be ransacked and Alice would never get the letter or the personal items so he hid them in that small hole. He wasn't thinking clearly, otherwise he would have realized that she'd never get them if they were hidden away." Edward rationalizes. Brandon nods. He takes the wedding band, the watch, and the paper and puts them back in the pouch. He then hands the small bag to his mother. "Alice knows now. Mama, I'm tired. It's time to go." "Yes, sweetie. Let's go home." Brandon is asleep in Edward's arms by the time they get to the car. The trip to Gettysburg marks a turning point for Brandon and his parents. When they return to Texas, they visit Alice's grave and read the letter again. Brandon's nightmares never return. In time, his fixation with the Civil War fades, replaced by monster trucks and superheroes. Other than Renee, Edward and Bella never tell anyone else what they discovered at Gettysburg. It's enough for both know that Jasper Cullen is at peace and his great-great-great-great grandson can live his own life now. A/N This was the Halloween o/s I wrote for Countdown to 2014, it was inspired by true stories of children who believe that they are the reincarnated. For those looking for updates on my other WIP stories, I'm working on it. If you enjoyed this or anything else I've written, hit the review button and let me know.