it gets cold." Lifting a leg with more struggle than I'd like to admit, I stood than lowered myself slowly. Edward kept a steady hold on me, eyes alert now. Once I was safe, he climbed in on the other side. He looked at my belly poking out over the surface of the water. Bringing a hand to it, he rubbed my tight skin gently and adoringly. "Hey, little one," he murmured softly to the baby. "Daddy missed you too." At that precise moment the baby nudged more than kicked because the little fatty was nearly squashed inside now. The brightest smile broke over Edward's face. He eyes soft and full of wonder, looked into mine. I smiled back at him, feeling so unbelievably happy. Happier than I'd ever been in my entire life. The world felt so right and full in this moment with the love of my life and the little life we made together growing within me. I felt strong and sure. I felt like the luckiest person in the world. "You are so beautiful," he declared to me with impassioned eyes. I scuffed. "Please." His brow furrowed as he traced a stretch mark that had blossomed with ten others. "I'm serious." I squirmed, embarrassed. "Don't." He didn't listen. "Why?" "Because it's gross." "Don't ever say that again," he said sternly. "You are anything but gross. You are the most amazing, beautiful thing I've ever seen. And these," he swept his fingers sensually down the marks, "are only evidence of how true that is." That totally turned me into mush. Pushing up, I kissed him. Edward's lip swept me away as he embraced me, lowering himself and me along with him. Lifting me up easily as if I didn't weigh a good extra thirty pounds, he guided me onto his erection with heated emerald eyes latched onto my face, soaking in my reaction. Sitting rigidly and throwing my head back, I absorbed all of him. Gripping my hips, he slowly slid me back and forth. Stilling himself after I started taking control of the rhythm. From the severe tension etched on his face, I knew it was taking every ounce of his being not to lose control. Though the doctor clearly stated on numerous visits that unless he was throwing me about and/or hitting my stomach, rough sex wouldn't harm the child. The doctor might as well have been talking to a wall, because Edward was still so very careful with me as if I was a porcelain doll. It was touching and annoying. I didn't push the issue, because, subconsciously, that was my worry as well. But I'd be lying if I said that wasn't another reason why I was ready for the pregnancy part to be over. Though there was a indescribable joy in having a little human growing inside you, it was time for our baby to be out and— I was veered off my thoughts as Edward jerked upward fast and hard, sending blasts of pleasure up my body. I blinked down at him. "Are you still with me?" he asked huskily. Swallowing hard, I nodded since I was momentarily mute. His eyes squeezed shut as I upped the tempo. "You seemed...far away." I found words then. "I was thinking about...being ready for the baby to come." He smiled crookedly as his hand found my belly. "Why?" "Many...reasons," I answered, slowing my flow gradually. "You can..." He licked his lips, "tell me." "Besides wanting to see him or her..." I trailed off as Edward's hand left my stomach and found my nipple. "I'm ready for uncontrolled sex again." His eyes were remorseful, excited and understanding. "You don't like this kind of sex?" he asked in a voice so low it was almost a whisper as his other hand found my clit. My eyes fluttered shut as I shook my head. "N-no...I like this a lot ." He chuckled. "But you want more." I nodded, rapidly losing all reason as the ebbing waves a ecstasy crested over me. "More what, Bella?" he asked hoarsely. I didn't answer. I was too busy riding the surge. Edward abruptly changed everything, by rocking me back and forth with his hands and hips faster, faster, and faster. The water splashed around us, over the rim and onto the floor with each thrust, snuffing out the closest candles and casting the room into more darkness. My eyes widened as air racked against my burning lungs. He slowed down again with a wicked grin. "Is that what you want?" "UmmHmm," I moaned, bitting down on my bottom lip and gripping his pecs. Grasping the back of my neck, he gently applied pressure and guided my lips to his. "I love you," he murmured before capture my lips with his and kissing me silly. Sitting up slightly without breaking from the kiss, Edward started a rhythm that sent my escalating climax into overdrive. I tore away from his lips as I latched on to his neck for leverage, arching my back and riding every luscious plunge with an invigorating freedom I hadn't felt for months. I screamed his name out before my orgasm rocked me deeply and throughly, throttling me out of my body and levitating me above what was happening below. When I finally came back down, I noticed that Edward was still moving. I blinked until I remembered who I was. "You haven't come yet?" He shook his head with a rigid neck. "I'm...close." That threw me into action. Taking his lips and finding that wonderful tongue, I grind against him faster than I thought possible for my encumbered body. He gasped away from my mouth, squeezing my hips as he lost control of his rhythm. " Oh, Bella! " "I love you. I love you. I love you," I said with each thrust. We tumbled off the peak together this time, hugging each other tightly and moaning as the world shifted and corrected itself over and over again.