ass, his fingers massaging so low that they stopped just short of where Bella wanted them most. "Ahhh, well I can't deny it then. I've been imagining it since we met," Bella confessed. "Is that so? I won't deny I've been picturing you naked for about that long as well. How about we make our dreams a reality?" Edward bestowed Bella with a lascivious grin as he wiggled his eyebrows. "I'm more than willing to help you if you need it." He generously offered as his fingers expertly circled her nipple, sending bolts of electricity through her body. "I bet you are," Bella replied as her ass moved against his hand seeking the friction she desired. "Is it time for my welding lesson?" Edward's green eyes blazed with want. His hand slid forward allowing his fingertips to brush the inseam of Bella's jeans. "Aye, you'll remember what I said about friction?" He spoke slowly between kisses as his fingers lightly stroked and teased. "Mmmm," Bella responded hitching one leg over his to give him better access. At the same time she slid her hand from his back to his front, gripping his hard length. She stroked him from tip to base and back again noting with surprise that his was uncut. She had only been with American boys and they had all been circumcised. She was eager to find out what all the differences would be. "Let's see, something about friction is good but you like a deeper, stronger weld," Bella thrust her tongue against Edward's. He responded by grasping her tighter and moaning with pleasure. "Oh yeah, baby, friction is definitely good but you're right, I like a deep weld." They shed their clothes quickly. Edward rolled Bella onto her back and slid his fingers between her legs. He was nearly as surprised to find her bare as she had been to find him uncut. He slid his head down to lick and encircle her nipple with his tongue as his fingers repeated the motions on her clit. She was warm and wet as Edward pushed first one and then two fingers into her, pumping them in rhythm while he continued to alternately lave each of her breasts with his tongue. Her hips bucked as she felt the beginning of her orgasm approach. Edward pumped faster. "Come for me, baby. I want to hear you." Bella cried out as every sensation combined to shatter within her. She shuttered as the aftershocks rolled through her body. She opened her eyes to find Edward gazing at her with a look of awe and tenderness. "That was tremendous, baby." She smiled back at him, as sated as her orgasm had left her, she still wanted more. "It was but I think we can still get a deeper weld. Do you want to try?" She opened her legs wide in invitation. "God, yes." Edward wasted no time in getting a condom from his bag and rolling it on. He positioned himself between Bella's legs. He kissed her lips sweetly and softly, only allowing the tip of his tongue to gently touch hers as he pushed inside her. She felt amazingly good as he purposely took his time pushing in and pulling back. However, once he began to increase the pace, the nagging pain in his shoulder returned. He winced as he quickly reminded Bella of his injury. "Would you mind being on top?" Bella laughed. "Well, that's a first. Usually I'm the one that has to ask." Her eyes widened as she realized what she said but Edward just laughed in return. "Well, good. I'm honored to be your first anything." They switched places. Bella positioned herself over Edward's erection and lowered herself down. Bella took control of setting the rhythm, circling her hips to bring more friction as Edward lightly held on to her hips, with one hand. In no time she felt the pressure building within her. "Are you close?" She asked Edward as she increased her pace. "Aye, don't stop. You feel so good." Sassenach please call me Sassenach. Bella closed her mouth tightly to prevent herself from saying it out loud. The last thing she wanted was for him to thing she wanted him solely because he reminded her of her favorite fictional character. "You do too, Edward. You feel so, so good." Edward felt the familiar tightening in his balls as his orgasm approached. "Bella I can't hold off much longer." Bella circled her hips as Edward hit a spot deep within her. She cried out. The tightening of her body around him was enough to bring Edward to climax seconds behind her as they fell over the edge. Bella collapsed on top of him. They lay panting and sweating together, waiting for their heartbeats to return to normal. Edward stroked her hair and kissed her forehead before getting up. He made short work of disposing the condom and returned to bed, wrapping his body around Bella. He kissed her again before whispering in her ear as his hand brushed her between her legs. "Sleep well, Sassenach. I intend on treating myself to a proper American breakfast in the morning, ye ken?" This is loosely based on a true story. My best friend Jo and I did walk into our favorite Friday night bar on a Saturday and find a Scottish Rugby team. If only we had thought to follow that big yellow school bus. Still, Jo did get one guy to raise his kilt on the dance floor and yes, what they say is true. Also, the last line was not the same in the contest because my beta thought it would make readers think the story would be continued. Since about 99% of the reviews asked about that anyway, I figured I'd include the sentence in this version. I may continue this someday but I'm marking it complete for now and I will not continue it until TUitML and Irrevocable Trust are finished. Thanks for reading!