him correctly, could she have? "Bella, I've wanted to say something to you for a long time, but until recently, I didn't think … well, I was a chickenshit, really," Edward laughed lightly. He reached forward, cupping her face with his hand and lightly stroking her cheek with his thumb. Bella didn't dare to breathe let alone open her mouth, afraid she would break the spell she was under. But as Edward continued to stare quietly at her, his eyes warm and rich green, Bella knew she would have to say something. "Now I'm confused." Edward moved forward slowly, his eyes seeking something from her that Bella hoped he found. When his lips pressed lightly to the corner of her mouth, Bella shuddered, a shiver racing across her body as he pulled back. "I carry your heart with me, I carry it in my heart …" he whispered, his warm eyes intent on Bella as he caressed her face. "I want no world, for beautiful, you are my world …" he continued, as Bella slowly realized what was happening. Her heart beat erratically as he spoke words she knew well, having told Edward of her love for the poem not even a week ago. And now here Edward was, repeating it for her, holding her, and smiling at Bella as though she were the most precious thing to be cherished in the entire world. When he finished reciting the poem, Bella couldn't contain herself any longer. She leaped forward, pulling Edward's lips to her own, crashing them together in a passionate kiss. Edward grunted in surprise, but quickly caught on, returning Bella's fervor with his own, his hands holding her steady as she raked her fingers through his wild hair. The two seemed completely in a world of their own, lips and tongue and teeth meeting for the first time, only to rejoin and rejoice repeatedly as minutes ticked by, unnoticed. Finally, when breathing was no longer an option but a necessity, they broke apart, foreheads pressed together as they attempted to calm their breathing. "You really feel that way?" Bella asked softly, her hands still gliding against the short hairs at Edward's nape. "I do. I have, for a long time," Edward replied, leaning forward to peck Bella's lips once more, unable to stop now that he didn't have to. She smiled indulgently, her heart full and bursting at having her feelings returned. "I really did think you sent the grams," Bella said after a few moments. "And I was really hurt when it seemed like you'd skipped me." "I would never skip you, Bella," Edward said. "In fact, I have something for you. I wanted to give it to you at lunch, but I couldn't find you," he explained. Bella blushed, her actions of the day embarrassing her. "I didn't want to be around all the love," she admittedly quietly. "Well, I hope you don't feel that way now," Edward grinned, his smile crooked on the left side. "Because I have lots of love to give, and if it's okay, I'd like to give it to you." Bella grinned, nodding as she wrapped her arms around Edward, inhaling his sweat-tinged scent, but loving it all the same. "I'm good with that." "Good. Because there's no one I'd rather carry in my heart than you." February 14, 2016, University of Washington, Knot Hall Common Room, 5:25 PM. "Happy Valentine's Day, sweetheart," Edward smiled, pulling Bella in close to breathe in her delicate scent, placing a kiss below her ear. "Happy Valentine's Day to you, too," Bella replied, kissing Edward soundly. Though they'd shared thousands of kisses, touches, and much more in the year they'd been together, Bella never took for granted how delicious and right his lips felt on hers. It was the best gift she'd ever been given, and one she would cherish forever. "I'm surprised Coach let you go early; I thought you had a double practice to get ready for conference playoffs?" Bella asked, slipping her hand into Edward's. "I guess he was feeling charitable, for once," Edward said, smiling at his girl. Bella laughed, and squeezed Edward's fingers. "Well, whatever the reason, I'm glad I get more time with you today." "Me, too." "Bella Swan! Is there a Bella Swan here?" a voice shouted across the room. Bella and Edward came to a stop, Bella raising her hand as she answered the man. "I've got a delivery for you," the guy said, stepping over to Bella with a large, pink box. Once he'd left, Bella turned to Edward with a raised eyebrow. "What did you do?" she wondered. "Me? Nothing. I'm innocent, as always," Edward replied, though his sly smirk was stealing across his lips. "Mm-hm, sure." Bella giggled, but tore into the box, hoping for chocolates or something of the sort. One could never have too much chocolate. Chocolates, however, were not nestled in the tissue paper. Instead, hundreds and hundreds of red, pink, and purple construction paper hearts were. Bella picked them out one by one, reading the beautiful words of her favorite poems scribbled across them: here is the deepest secret nobody knows … the sky of the sky, of a tree called life … and this is the wonder that is keeping the stars apart … i carry your heart … i carry it in my heart. "Oh Edward," she sighed, turning back to her boyfriend and wrapping her arms around him. "I love it, thank you." "I may not have been the Forks Valentine Romeo last year, but I'll be your Valentine forever, Bella." "I love you, Edward." "I love you," he replied, sealing their words with a kiss. a/n: And there we go! Thank you so much to my wonderful beta, mauigirl60, for looking this over, although I made a few changes to errors are all on me. If you're still here and still appreciating my meager offerings to the fanfiction world, thank you. I'll see you next time.