had been expecting it to be warm, but it was cool to the touch, which added a whole different sensation to the mix. Was he that cold? Not that she was complaining. She would certainly endeavor to warm him up. Thankfully, Jess had shoved a condom into her jacket before she left as a joke, which turned out to be a good thing, because apparently Edward hadn't been prepared for any of this. She shifted her hips and rolled the condom over his hard length before rocking forward and impaling herself on his cock. He let out a low moan as he slid home, His hands squeezing her hips like a vice grip, but it only seemed to add to her heightened state of arousal. "…fuck me, Edward…" she pleaded as he thrust up into her, hitting a spot deep inside of her that sent a jolt of pleasure up her spine. He could feel his pleasure mounting, and she was meeting him thrust for thrust, racing him towards the finish line. "I need to taste you." He breathed against the heated skin of her throat as her orgasm was beginning to wash over her. She nodded frantically; she'd agree to anything he wanted so long as he didn't stop. At the same moment that stars exploded behind her eyes, she felt a sharp pain in her neck. She rode out her orgasm, idly wondering if she would have a massive hickey on her neck in the morning, when she felt something warm and wet trickle over her chest. "Edward?" she squeaked He let out a low growl in this throat, and pulled back from her, his once gold eyes gleaming red, and his lips smeared with her blood. Her hand went immediately to her neck and her eyes widened in alarm. "Jesus fuck …you weren't kidding." "I'm sorry…I warned you." He said with a mixture of guilt and self-loathing. "Warn me?! What the fuck , Edward? You bit me!" Bella shrieked, "Do you at least have any gauze? Or maybe a band aid?" He snorted in disbelief. This girl was unbelievable. Why wasn't she running? "You're not afraid?" he asked moving her off of him onto the couch as he slipped on his jeans. "More like royally pissed." She said shooting a glare at him. He grabbed a dishtowel and handed it to her sheepishly. "I am sorry. It's not easy to control, and to be fair, you did agree." "Edward, I was in the middle of an orgasm. I would have agreed to being lit on fire." She snapped. "So is this like…a fetish or something?" she asked after an awkward silence, eyeing him speculatively. Honestly, it hadn't hurt that bad, and there was so much chemistry between them that she could probably overlook it… maybe . His eyes widened at that and he laughed, "No Isabella. I told you last night. I'm a vampire." "You're shitting me." "I don't have a heartbeat. I'm cold. I drink blood…should I continue?" She paled at his words. Here it comes …he thought. This is when she would run screaming from his house. "Say something." He pleaded as she sat naked on his couch clutching a dishtowel to her neck. "You're…"she whispered, "and I'm…" "I'm a vampire and you're a human, yes." He answered grabbing her hands trying to bring her out of her state of shock. "You're a dead guy , and I'm a necrophiliac . Jesus fucking Christ." "Okay, that's not exactly how I would have said it, but I suppose that's one way of looking at it." He said running a hand through his hair. "I just fucked a corpse ." She said standing from the couch, pacing back and forth. He scoffed at that, "I'm standing right here , you know." "Sorry, it's just…a lot to process." She said running her hand over her face. "Who was that woman in the photo, Edward?" He sighed, he hadn't really wanted to explain that, at least not to a girl he just fucked three ways from Sunday on his couch. "She was my fiancé. Elena. It was a long time ago." He said picking up his tee shirt and tossing it to her. He doubted she wanted to do the walk of shame from his house in the woods in an Elvira dress. "Did she…die?" Bella asked, not wanting to be insensitive, but the whole thing was just so surreal. "No, no…nothing like that. I got sick; the Spanish flu. I was dying, but Carlisle…well, he saved me." Edward explained as he stared down at his hands. "So what happened?" Bella asked, intrigued by his story as she pulled on his shirt. It even smelled like him; a musky woodsy scent that smelled thankfully nothing like a corpse. "She was told I had succumbed to my illness. I never saw her again." Despite being pissed earlier, she felt a stab of pity. She couldn't imagine having to go through something like that. "Why don't you look her up? She can't be more than…" she did a mental calculation in her head from the year of the Spanish flu epidemic in 1918, "Ninety-nine…" He raised an eyebrow at her, "She passed away several years ago." "I'm sorry." She said feeling like an asshole for bringing it up. Way to go Bella. Insult the hottest guy you've ever hooked up with after calling him a corpse. "It's fine." He said before disappearing in the next room before returning with a pair of sweats for her and another tee shirt for himself. "Here, put these on. I'll walk you home." "But it's raining." She said absently as she looked out the window. "All the better, I don't want to have to explain why vampires and sunlight don't mix." He said tossing her clothes into a bag and handing them to her. "It burns, huh?" she said taking the bag from his outstretched hand. "No, it makes me sparkle like a fucking fairy."