going to tell us about your super powers, Seth?" Seth looked sheepish. "More like power, singular. I can read Edward's – well, all of them, actually - mind. He's a twisted fucker. Has a very peculiar sense of honor and he's pretty sure the universe owes him. A lot. You have no idea how hard it was not to twist his head off and use it for a jack-o-lantern sometimes. He really hated Jake and some of the shit he thought about Bella… Made me sick." Bella stroked Seth's back, soothing him. "If you did what I think you did, I imagine he's pretty sick right now. Serves him right." Leah snorted. "Nice 180, Swan. Don't make yourself dizzy or anything. Too bad your super power didn't make you imprint-proof, Seth." Seth rounded on his sister. "Oh, for fuck's sake, Leah, give it up! Pull your head out of your ass and see that Taha Aki did you a huge favor. You and Sam would have torn each other apart over time. He needs the peace and nurturing Emily gives him." "What about what I need, Seth? Why do I get to be the tribe freak? The only female wolf in forever?" "You're not a freak, Lee. You're the Alpha female." Leah stared at her younger brother, wide-eyed. "Is that supposed to make me feel better? I'm alone and infertile, but I get a cool title I can embroider on a pillow?" "Seth and I don't think you're infertile, Leah." "Really, Bella? Based on what?" "Humans being the only mammals without a distinct mating season." The blood drained from Leah's face as the meaning of what Bella had said sank in. "Mating season? As in I get to be the pack bitch in heat? Oh, that is just fucking fantastic! As if I don't already have these assholes sniffing my butt all the time! I. Don't. Think. So." Everyone was surprised when Embry hauled Leah to her feet and shook her. "Stop being a fucking victim, Leah! I am so fucking sick of the 24/7 pity party! Seth said ALPHA female." "So what, Call? What difference does that make?" "Well, logically, the Alpha female would be mate to the Alpha male. I got no argument with Sam and I will follow him as long as he's Alpha, but we all know Jake was born to be Alpha of the pack and Chief of the tribe. He'll come back and when he does…" "Black?! I'd rather die than fuck Jacob Black! Pretty sure he feels the same about me." Embry pulled Leah hard against his chest and wrapped his arms around her, trapping her. He brushed his lips over her cheek and spoke softly in her ear. "Then you have two choices. Wait for mating season and submit to the wolf who wins the fight for you. Or take control of your life and choose your own mate." Leah's knees almost buckled when Embry released her, but she caught herself and stared at his chiseled back as he strode off into the trees. Sam reached for her, but Seth quietly blocked him. "Don't, Sam. You need to let go of the past, too. You ok, Leah?" "Yeah. Going for a run. I need to think." Sam watched her go. "Ok, Seth, I'll give you that one. Speaking of the past, do you believe the Cullen's will just disappear like they promised? I don't trust Edward as far as I can throw him." Seth studied Bella's face. She took his hand and pressed it to her breast, over her heart. "Say it, Seth. I'm sick to death of lies and being kept in the dark. " "I wouldn't worry much about Edward. Esme and Carlisle really do love him like a son, but they expect him to do as he's told. The others? Rosalie has always hated him and lately Jasper has come to see him as a threat and a liability. Emmett will follow Rose and Jasper. Alice will speak her mind, but she won't get in Jasper's way. Honestly, I'd be surprised if he makes it out of Forks. Too much is at stake to allow his obsession with Bella to continue to put them all in danger. Sorry, Bella." Bella snuggled into Seth's arms. "The past is just that. You'll think of something to make me feel better." o*o*o*o*o*o The sleek, gray wolf sat on the cliff top silhouetted by the full moon that blazed with silver fire, lighting up the terrain. The beach below looked alien, a barren stretch of diamond pebbled land littered with silver driftwood washed up on shore by the mercurial sea. The moon itself hung low in the night sky and looked close enough to touch. Leah had never felt more alone, or more hopeful. She took a deep breath and stretched out her mind until it ached. Miles away, Quil felt her presence in the link. "Wassup, Leah? Trouble?" " No, Quil. Just out for a run. Thinking. Thanks for asking." Quil paused a millisecond at the lack of heat and sarcasm in her tone, but let it go. "OK. Later." Leah sighed at the reminder that privacy was long a thing of the past, but she was determined to leave the ruins of her life behind her and move forward, and the Alpha Female wasn't going to start her reign on a note of petulance and secrecy. "I know you're out there, Jacob. There was no wedding. The Cullen's are gone. The treaty is dissolved. Bella is Seth's imprint, claimed and marked. They seem happy." Leah shook out her fur. "Seth says I'm Alpha female. He and Bella think maybe I'm not a dead end; I just need to wait for mating season. Fucking fantastic. Somebody kill me now." The silence in the link was deafening. "Come home, Jake. We all – I – need you." The reply was soft and very far away, but strong and clear… " On my way."