good at resisting the temptation to drink from humans." I pause, taking an unnecessary breath. My throat burns with her scent. Good, I deserve to be punished. "I'm so sorry, Bella. I'm not sorry I killed Newton but I'm sorry that I've not lived the way I was taught. I shouldn't have taken those lives, even if they were monsters." "Edward, no! You have nothing to feel ashamed about. How many lives did you save? How many horrible crimes did you stop? I've seen women raped and men murdered. I'm glad you prevented more people from suffering from that." I nod. "I should go. I don't want to cause more problems and I'm sure someone will discover the identity of that body before long. Luckily, there have been so many people jumping out of windows the past few days that no one will question it. Just say you were sleeping, can you do that?" I rise to my feet but Bella kneels on the bed and clings to my shoulders. "Edward, I don't want you to go! Please, I lost you once because I was too worried about my obligations to consider my own happiness. I had no hope until you burst through that door. Now, I have everything again but only if you'll stay with me." I feel a sensation almost like a heartbeat pounding through me. "You… you want me? Even though you know what I am? I'm a soulless killer. I don't deserve someone like you, someone good and pure." Bella shakes her head as her hands slides down to entwine with mine. "Stop. You need to not think such things about yourself and you shouldn't put me on a pedestal. I'm glad you killed him. He was a horrible drunk who beat me and forced himself on me. I've dreamed that you would come for me. I've thought about killing him myself, so many times. Does that sound like someone good and pure? And you're not a soulless killer. I understand if you don't feel what you once did for me. It's been a long time and I refused you but if there is a chance you still love me, then please, stay." I stroke the back of her soft, warm cheek with my hand. My heart swells with a joy I never thought possible for me. "I told you I would only love you, no one else. That will be true for eternity." I kiss her gently. "I love you, Bella. Forever." "I love you, Edward. I love you and I never want to be apart from you again." We kiss again, our mouths eager and frenzied. I feel her lips part as I sweep my tongue over and then inside. She moans passionately as our tongues entwine. She's so warm, I can't get enough but I need to be sure she wants this. I break our kiss. "Bella, I want to … will you let me love you?" I ask. I'm suddenly fearful. I've never done this before, even though I've seen it so often in the minds of others. I'm also still feeling the adrenaline from my actions although I don't think I could ever hurt Bella. Bella pulls me towards her and we tumble backwards onto the bed. "Yes, please Edward. I need you." Before I can go any further, I hear the thoughts of someone on the elevator that is still rising from the lobby. They've found Newton's wallet. "I'll be right back." I rise from the bed and silently inspect the door. I'm lucky I only broke the lock and didn't damage the frame or wood. At vampire speed, I steal a lock from the door of the next suite and replace it before the elevator opens. No one will know there was anything amiss. "The police are coming." I explain. "Can you do this?" She nods. "Only if you promise to come back for me." I kiss her again before I make my way to the window. There is a ledge that will make my escape easy. "I'll be on the roof. I'll return as soon as they're gone." It's several hours later when Bella is finally free to begin her new life. The hotel has provided her with a new suite, one without a broken window. As I predicted, Michael Newton's death is ruled to be just one of many suicides this week. No one doubts Bella's story. "Edward?" Bella is lying on her side, waiting for me to join her but I can tell by the way she's biting her lip that something is on her mind. "What is it, love?" I cross the room and gently hold her hand. "Can Benjamin live with us?" I smile. "Yes, as long as you don't mind that his stepfather is an Upier." She smiles back but then her face grows serious. "But what if his mother wants to be a vampire, what then?" "Bella, you don't need to do that." "I want to." I explain what it's like, how newborns can't be around humans for the first year, perhaps longer and she is quiet as she considers my words. "You can change me when Benjamin goes to school. We'll send him to the Yeshiva boarding school for a year and you can do it then." "Bella…" I start to protest but she covers my lips with her fingers. "Edward, tonight before you came to save me, I thought I would never escape from Michael and that I would never be happy. But now, now I know hope and love are eternal. Hope never dies and neither will we." Yiddish glossary: Goyim - not Jewish Shadkhen - matchmaker Schmeckel- penis, literally small penis Meshugass- crazy Meshuganeh - crazy person Tuchis - buttocks Shagetz- non-Jewish man Shanda - scandal Ketubah - marriage contract Meeshkite - ugly Yenta - busybody A/N: Love it? Like it? Not what you expected? Want more? Leave me a review. Find me on Twitter shelly_duran (2 underscores).