he whispers. "I'm committed to giving you the space you need. You said 'no' to me. I remember that very clearly, and the last thing I want is to scare you. But you have to know." Placing his palm on his chest, his long elegant fingers grip the fabric tightly. "It's tearing at me," he says in low voice. "Everything I am, every instinct I possess. It's all screaming at me to run to you, to possess you, to change you." He pleads me with his eyes. " You have to choose, my love. For a vampire, there is no going back. It was never a choice for me at all. You are my one mate." I clutch my own chest, watching him being so sincere with me. "Please, you have to choose. Alice said that you haven't yet, that there's still a chance, and that's why I should make you these videos, to show you this side of me. The other side, he's my baser self, the one who acts purely on instinct and he'll always be a part of me. If you choose me, you also choose him. And you'll get both. I'll make love to you, and he'll . . . fuck you. I'll walk down the street with you holding your hand, and he'll run with you when you hunt and kill together. We both love you, Bella. Can you love us in return?" "I know you don't feel it yet, but they all tell me that you will, that we're meant to be together. That day, after I saw you in the cafeteria, I decided that I would stay away, that I wouldn't condemn you to this life I'm living. But after being with you, kissing your lips, making love to you . . . I know I can't live without you by my side. So I'll be selfish this once and ask you to join me in eternal life, to be my mate, my partner, my lover, and wife." "There are things you'll have to give up: food, your human family and friends, and . . . and children. I want you to know this, even if it is the reason you say no. No one asked me if I wanted to be a vampire. I was dying, and Carlisle changed me. I'm grateful to him for that. But you have the chance for a normal life, and if you say no to me, I swear you'll . . . never hear from me again." He leans back, closing his eyes for a second. "That's all I wanted to say, I guess. I'm sure you're tired by now. I know I am." He smiles faintly. "We don't sleep in coffins, by the way. Well, not anymore. Blackout curtains work just fine, and we only need a few hours every day, so we usually sleep in the afternoon. That's how we're able to attend school. As you've seen, the sun doesn't hurt us. It just makes us weaker, and we like to sleep after having been outside all day. Kind of like a nap after work, I guess." He lifts up the camera, staring into my eyes. "I'll ask Alice to send these to you tonight. If I haven't heard from you in a week, then I'll know. I hope that's enough time." His voice cracks a little as he delivers his parting words, the sound of his voice making my eyes water again. "G-good bye, Bella. If I don't hear from you, I want you to know that I sincerely wish you a long and h-happy life, and it was an honor loving you, however briefly." The screen goes dark. Hours later, the laptop battery has died, and I'm still seated on my bed in stunned silence. The rest of the weekend is spent in limbo. I watch the videos over and over again, the little checkmark next to Alice's name taunting me, daring me to make contact, knowing she's online. Knowing that Edward is waiting. The longing I feel for him grows stronger with each passing hour as well as the desire to know more about his family. The videos have shown me that they're like a normal family in many ways, and I find myself desperately wanting to be a part of it. I imagine myself helping Esme in the greenhouse, playing video games with Alice and Jasper, hanging out with Emmett and Rosalie in the garage, and spending time with Carlisle in his study. Mostly though, I imagine myself with Edward: running through the forest with him, closing the blinds in his room and falling asleep in his arms, making love with him, watching movies and listening to music together. I can see it all. I think about going back to Arizona, about forgetting all of this and moving on with my life, going to college and meeting someone else. I can't imagine it. I can't see myself in that life at all. Sunday night, I cook for Charlie and myself before receiving a text from him, saying that he has to pull an all-nighter at the station again. It's the third time this week that I haven't seen him all day. I'm an intruder in his life, I realize, just as I was in my mother's. They don't really want me around. Not the way the Cullens do. Calmly, I go upstairs and turn on my laptop. Alice's name pops up with a message: You're making the right choice. I've seen it. You'll be happier than you ever imagined. Underneath is a phone number. I find my phone and dial it. It only rings once before it's answered. "Hello?" For the first time in weeks, I smile. "It's Bella." The responding growl sends a thrill through me. "Mate." "Yes," I whisper. "Come and get me." Hope you liked that. I will probably add one more chapter to this one, since my pre-readers insisted (very strongly!) :) Thank you for reading.