couple of hours talking with friends of Emmett's and Jasper's they already knew and being introduced to new ones. Everyone was warm and inviting, though not quite as friendly as Jasper to Edward's immense pleasure. One of Bella's favorite parts of Emmett's parties was that his friends were such an eclectic group. Conversation ranged from music (Jasper was practically a prodigy on the guitar) to sports (Emmett played a few years of minor league baseball before a torn ACL ended his career) to accounting (Quin and Bella were former auditors) to lawn care (Seth ran his own landscaping business) to everything else under the sun. Edward and Bella even joined in on some of the dancing. As some of the boys became a bit more lascivious with their hands and dance moves, Bella thought they'd better excuse themselves for the evening. "I'm going to duck in the bathroom before we leave and thank Emmett for inviting us. You okay alone for a minute?" Edward rolled his eyes. When it became clear no one else would be as touchy feely as Jasper, he'd relaxed considerably and, to Bella's delight, seemed to enjoy himself. "I'm fine. I'm going to grab a quick drink while you do that." "Just stay away from the green stuff," Bella teased and then made a beeline for the bathroom. Bella used the restroom as quickly as possible and then started her rounds to say goodbye. She didn't intend to dawdle, but before she knew it, thirty minutes had passed and she still hadn't reconnected with Edward. She'd expected him to be standing outside the bathroom door waiting on her, but when he wasn't, Bella figured he was a big boy and could take care of himself. Chants of "Strip, strip, strip, strip!" filtered in from the other room where most of the dancing was taking place, and Bella figured it was time to really look for her man before he refused to ever come to one of these things again. Just then, Jasper all but pranced up to her and threw his arms around her. "Bellaaaaaaaaaa!" he screamed. "Has everyone ever told you that your husband is the absolute best dancer?" Bella stumbled under Jasper's weight but grinned at his effervescent enthusiasm for life at the moment. "I may've experienced that myself. Why? Is he actually dancing?" Jasper's eyes widened. "Oh, honey girl. He's doing more than just dancing." He grabbed her hand and pulled her into the room where all the noise had been coming from, and there in the middle of a circle of half-naked men, stood her husband. Her also half-naked husband. Who was currently twerking. With a half-naked Garrett right behind him. Holy shit. This is the stuff dreams are made of! All of a sudden, Edward bopped up and knocked into Garrett, who had to grab Edward to keep both of them from toppling over. Apparently nonplussed, Edward raised his arms in the air and shouted, "Superman Dat Hoe!" Everyone shouted and cheered, even though Soulja Boy wasn't blasting through the speakers, encouraging Edward to move through a series of more moves until he finally caught sight of Bella as he was doing the stanky leg. Somehow, his eyes lit up even more and he ran across the room and tackle hugged his wife. "Bellaaaaaaa! Don't drink out of the orange container," he whispered sloppily in her ear. "It has all the alcohol they're adding to the green goo. Green goo. Grrreeeeen goooooo. Hey, that rhymes!" Between Edward's weight and Bella's laughter, she could hardly stand up straight and was grateful when Garrett appeared beside her. "Sorry about him. Someone left my homemade moonshine on the buffet table by mistake. He drank a whole cup before he realized what it was." "Bella," Edward whisper-shouted in her ear. "That's Garrett. I danced with him. Can you believe it?" She patted the back of his head. "I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. You should go back out there with him again," she said, unable to hide her amusement even though Edward would likely kill her the following morning. "Oh, I don't know about that," Edward said, sobering up a bit and with a slightly horrified look on his face. "I think my dick twitched while we were dancing!" Bella's gazed was fixed on her snoring husband, who was still wearing his Twink t-shirt and Andrew Christians because, try as she might, Bella couldn't manage to get him in the shower when they got home from Emmett and Jasper's party. He was flushed and disheveled and a general mess. He also smelled like a brewery, or more accurately, a still; moonshine would be officially off the list of beverages he enjoyed. Edward groaned and stretched, rolling over onto his stomach and burying his face under the covers. Bella had no doubt he'd be suffering when he woke up and even though she felt sorry for him, her heart was bursting. She adored him completely, and seeing him lying there like he was chewed up and spit out by a very large dog touched a part of her deep inside. He did this for HER. He indulged her every whim, even if it included parties with male porn stars that ended with him nearly naked and grinding on a stranger. A very hot stranger, but a stranger nonetheless. Bella knew her husband though. He'd brush this off like he did the broken glass wall in front of Forks' finest, and the next time they were in Garrett's presence he'd treat him like an old friend. About that twitching though ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY, PUMPKIN! I hope you have the best birthday and are surrounded by lots of love, hot men, and cream-filled desserts! Love you! Big thanks to Jayme for not only writing with me but making the faaaaaaaaabulous banner and a special thanks to Karen for pointing out all of our booboos at the eleventh hour! xoxo shell