kissed me. He said something about how he'd been waiting for me to get you out of my system and now you were gone he was going to take his chance. He said he knew I would love him if I just tried. Then he kissed me and forced his tongue in my mouth. I bit it. And when he recoiled, I slapped him. He was angry and shocked. I told him to get the hell out and he never came back." "Oh, Bella." I couldn't believe what a damn fool I'd been. Jacob had always wanted Bella, and idiot me, I'd believed the scene, believed she was replacing me with him. "I'm so sorry. I should have known better." 'Yeah, you should have. But it's all in the past now. It doesn't matter today." "No, it doesn't matter now. I know we lost touch, lost so many years, but you were always in my heart and mind. I'd think of you, wonder where you were, that kind of thing. When I accomplished things, graduating from high school, college, med school, starting the practice, I'd think how I wished I could tell you all about it." Bella snuggled up, laying her head on my chest, sighing a contented sigh. "This isn't a rebound thing, is it?" she asked. Tipping up her face, I shook my head. "No, this is no rebound. My feelings might have been repressed, but they've never gone away. Do you think, Could we—could we start over, Bella?" "I think we can." Her smile filled her face, brightened her eyes. "Kiss me, Edward." "As my lady wishes." We met in another heated kiss. My world was finally right, and I never wanted this moment to end. After a while, Bella pulled away. Standing up, she reached for my hand. "Come on, Upstairs. Like I said, I don't want to waste any more time." I followed her up the stairs, watching the way her body moved. It was a different room, the one that had once been her father's. It was comfortable and welcoming. The walls were a soft cream; the curtains, bedding and accessories in shades of red gold and chocolate. I hardly noticed it all then, as slowly, Bella began to undress. I did the same, wondering what she'd think of my body now. I could have looked at her for hours, just stared. Her body was soft, her curves just right, her breasts exactly how I loved them. She was toned and shapely, and I couldn't get enough. Turning down the covers, she looked at me. "Are you coming?" I joined her in the bed and took her into my arms. We kissed. I brushed her hair from her face. Carefully, nervous, I stroked her body, running my fingers down her chest, exploring her breasts, following the path of my hands with kisses. She gave me touch for touch, kiss for kiss. I was hard, wanting her so much, more than I had ever wanted anyone. She reached for me, finding me ready for her. She giggled a soft breathless sound and pressed her body closer to mine. I reached between her legs, finding her warm and wet. Circling her clit, I continued to kiss her. I was not the inexperienced boy I'd been our first time, and I wanted her to feel every bit of pleasure I could give her. "Edward, please." I rolled on top of her, looking into her eyes. "Are you sure?" I asked. "Is this what you want? We can wait if you'd rather talk and get to know each other again." She arched up against me. "I'm sure. I know we need to talk and make plans for the let that be for tomorrow. Tonight, I want you, all of you. Make love to me, Edward." Hesitating no longer, I entered her. Gasping, she wrapped her legs around me, and we lay there entwined for a few moments, not moving, getting used to the feel of each other again. At last I began to move. Slowly at first, then building. She met my thrusts eagerly. Our bodies seemed to meld into one body, one heart, one soul. Her moans made my passion grow even stronger. It was different than those hurried times back in high school. She was a woman now. She'd been with other men, and I'd been with other women. We both knew so much more about how to give and take pleasure. This was who we were, adults, grownups, not kids anymore, no longer awkward and fumbling. But still, Edward and Bella, together as it was always meant to be. When she came apart around me, crying out my name, I felt a completeness I'd never felt before. My own climax hit me hard. I gasped out her name, clutching her, never wanting to let her go. When it was over, Bella burrowed into my arms. I kissed her hair softly. "I love you, Bella. If you know nothing else, know that I do, that I always have." "Me too. I love you. Always." She yawned. "Are there good schools in San Francisco?" "Yes, there are." "Mmm. That's nice." She yawned again. "Shhh, go to sleep now. We can figure everything out tomorrow." "Tomorrow, yeah. You'll still be here tomorrow. That's so good." It was a husky whisper, trailing off as she drifted to sleep. I held her closer. Yes, tomorrow we could figure it all out. For now, this was enough. Kissing her hair one more time, I closed my eyes, ready to fall asleep. "Tomorrow." I whispered to the night. Tomorrow finally was something to look forward to. All my hopes and dreams could come true, beginning tomorrow. As I drifted off, I remembered an old Sinatra song my mom loved. Something about love being better the second time around. Old Frank sure knew what he was talking about, I thought, as I fell asleep, with my Bella safe and close in my arms.