Damn, you were never one to start up a conversation, so it looked like I was going to have to do it even though you were the one who suggest we come up here and chat. "So," I started, "you said you wanted to talk. What about?" Turning to set your drink down, my gaze unconsciously followed the movement before returning them to dark irises. "Umm," you paused to lick your lips briefly; I could only stare in want like a damn cat in heat. Are you trying to make my life difficult here? "well, I was just wondering how you've been, honestly. I hope you're not annoyed that I asked you to come over? It just seemed like you've been trying to… uh, avoid me lately." Great. My fingers twitched in annoyance and thoughts were running sporadically all across my brain, trying to come up with a solution, another white lie to appease that pretty little head of yours. "Don't be sill-" Before I could even finish my sentence, you interrupted and said, "Don't lie to me, Alice. I've noticed how you've been trying to avoid contact with me whether it be on the phone or face to face. No matter how much I asked you always gave me some lame excuse. You've changed completely these past few weeks. What is going on?" And for once, I wasn't able to come up with anything. I just sat there staring right back before dropping my eyes down in defeat. "What do you want me to say, Bella?" If I had been looking up I would've seen the shocked expression that now graced your pretty face. Though, it was nothing compared to the dullness in your eyes as they cut deep into my already wounded heart, doing nothing to ease the pain that was slowly seeping into my soul. It's not like I wanted it to be like this, I didn't ask for it. I didn't ask to be here, Bella, you brought that upon yourself. "So… you are avoiding me?" The crack in your voice didn't hide the fact that you too were hurt by my decision. Raising my grey orbs, I could see the unshed tears that were beginning to form. My heart screamed at me to comfort you but my head commanded my body to stay still, not to move a single muscle. To touch you would only break my self-resolve. I could feel the silent tears pooling around my own eyes as I continued to watch the scene in front of me. Its sad how this all turned out, truthfully. Like a bad drama on one of those TV shows you like so much. "A-Alice, why?" I can't do this. I needed to leave. A single tear slipped past my lashes and slid down my cheek. I quickly wiped it away with the pad of my thumb before standing and moving around the couch, my destination, the door. "I'm sorry, Bella, I can't do this anymore. I-I have to go." I said as I hastily grabbed my purse off the kitchen counter without looking back. I could hear the shuffling of quick movements behind me as I tried to hurry out. ''Alice! Alice!" I heard you yell just as I rested my hand on the doorknob, quickly twisting the cold metal and cracking the wooden door open. Just as I began to open it further, I saw a peach-colored hand land on the wooden object with a smack and slam it forcefully shut, "Damit, Alice, stop!" I was frozen, I dared not move for I was sure if I looked at you I was going to burst into tears at the spot. Oh, how I wished I could just disappear right about now; the guilt was beginning to beat at me like a sledgehammer crushing my tiny shameful heart. Sliding your hand down the door, it finally rested upon mine that still clutched the metal knob tightly. The warmth was soothing to say the least, but it only reminded me more of why I wasn't allowed to enjoy it. My fallen bangs still covered my eyes as I continued to look down with shame and I could feel you stepping closer. "Alice, look at me." I didn't want to. I wanted to run and hide like a little child only to cry myself asleep in my pillow. The grunt I heard only made me more scared to comply with your demands. "For God's sake." I heard you whisper and then, with your free hand, moved it under my chin to lift it only to meet angry chocolate orbs. "Why are you doing this, Alice?" I swallowed, my mouth becoming suddenly dry again. "Bella," I started, a little hesitant on what to say, "I'm... I'm tired of p-pretending." "What are you talking about?" The hand on my chin dropped and I could feel the warm caress of your breath on my face as you breathed out the words angry and irritated. Shit. This was it. You're gonna make me say it aren't you? Going to make me embarrass myself when you realize what is I've been trying to hide before yelling at me to get out. Again, I stood there silent, our gazes locked with each other. "So help me, Alice. I'm beginning to lose my patience with you." Well, fuck. It's not easy for me to just say it so openly. At least give me a damn moment to gather myself woman. My mouth slightly opening, I breathed in, letting the air expand my lungs, hoping it would lower down my racing heart. "I..uh… Bella…" I saw you narrow your eyes at my lack of vocabulary. Shit! "I-I love you, Bella." A/N: Yeah, its a minor cliffhanger. I kinda got tired about half way and was trying to find a good stoping point, so sorry if you were interested to know what happens next. It would make my day though if you could leave a review. =D