fingers through his hair. "What do you want, Isabella ?" Normally I hated it when people used my full name, but the way he said it made me go crazy. "Fuck me," I practically begged. "Against the tree, fuck me," I said simply. Edward waisted no time moving my panties down my thighs so they pooled around my feet. He took a condom from his pocket tearing the wrapper. I gave a raise of an eyebrow questioningly. "Always prepared," he said. "Boy scout?" I questioned making him bite my neck harder than he did before. "Stop talking," he said simply positioning himself at my entrance, he thrusted into me making me cry out. He was bigger than James, that much I could tell by how much it hurt at first. "Okay?" He questioned after staying completely still. "Okay," I breathed his moving slow at first. "If you don't keep quite they're going to hear you at the wedding," he mumbled picking up his pace. I don't know how he expected me to keep quite with him thrusting into me like that. It was raw, animalistic, needy, it was pure heaven. " Isabella, " He said commandingly. "Stop. Being. So. Loud," he said sounding like it was a strain to talk. Can't imagine why. I let my head fall into the crease of his neck wrapping my legs around his waist. His thumb found it's way to my clit rubbing furiously making me bite down on his neck. "Oh," I moaned out loud trying to keep myself at least slightly quieter. "Let go," he muttered giving me all the courage I needed before I convulsed around him. Like he was in sync with what I was doing he let go at the same moment giving a grunt. He stayed inside my until our breathing went back to normal before slowly pulling out of me, disposing of the condom. "Bella? Edward?" I heard Rosalie's voice my eyes going wide. Edward looked back at me shoving his dick back in his pants walking over to my smoothing out my sex-hair as Rosalie turned the corner. "James left," she said eyeing us both. Edward nudged me forward stepping on my panties. "What were you two doing?" She questioned. "Talking?" I said like she was a complete idiot. "We'll be there in a sec, I dropped my phone," i said lamely. Rosalie eyed me curiously before shrugging her shoulders and walking away. "I'm going to get the third degree later," I mumbled sitting down. I needed a moment, my legs were still shaking from my orgasim. Edward leaned down stuffing my panties in his pocket. "I'll walk you back," he said simply. "Good I might need an extra eye on me, my legs are still shaking," I said simply taking the lead. I just had sex with a man I knew nothing about. You just had sex with a sex God. My subconscious argued. I couldn't argue with that, he was God like at sex. "Bella," Rosalie said motioning me to her. "I need your help with something, come to the bathroom," she announced linking her arm through mine pushing me into the bathroom closing the door behind her. "You just had slutty wedding sex with Edward." It was a statement. I blushed scarlet red, even if I wanted to lie about it, I wouldn't have been able to. "Don't say anything," I caved smoothing out the dress. "How did you know?" I questioned. "How did I not notice? You looked completely flustered, and I spied your panties before he hid them under his foot," she said shrugging her shoulders. "I'm not going to say anything other than, was it good?" She questioned wiggling her eyebrows. "I'll give you the details when we're not at a wedding," I said Rosalie fixing my hair better than Edward had. "Am I good?" I questioned turning around for her. "Perfect, we'll just say you fell on the way back," she said simply motioning to the back of my leg, which was bleeding. "Esme," Rosalie called walking out of the bathroom dragging me with her. "Do you have a first aid? Bella fell on the way back, and cut the back of her leg," she said simply since she was a better liar than I was. "Edward, show Rosalie where the first aid is. Bandage her up while you're at it," she said simply watching Alice while she moved through the crowed dancing with everyone. I gave a blush making Rosalie snicker as we silently followed Edward into the kitchen. "I'll leave you two kids alone. But no more slutty wedding S-E-X," she spelled it out making me go scarlet. Edward gave a small smile as she walked out of the room. "Get on the counter, so I can get that bandaged. Sorry by the way," he said grabbing the first aid. "I can do that," I said lamely trying to grab the first aid. "So you'll let me fuck you, but not bandage you up?" He questioned quietly. "I studied Medicine before I did Business," he said grabbing my leg giving me no room for a discussion.I gave a sight knowing arguing with him was probably pointless. "Were you a boy scout?" I questioned trying to fill the silence. "Yes I was," He said with a chuckle. "The cut wasn't to bad. How am I suppose to keep my hands off of you now?" He whispered moving a strand of hair from my face backing away at the sound of footsteps. "Just stay off it for the rest of the night," he said Carlisle walking into the kitchen. "Fall again Bella?" He questioned raising an eyebrow. "You know me and heels don't mix Carlisle." What do you think? I was debating on weather I wanted to do the hook-up for the slutty wedding sex. I decided that I liked that bit, so it got put in. Let me know what you think, the good and the bad. (;