business. "I really don't like the idea of leaving my car parked here for very long," I hedged. "My leaving with you might be a neon sign to a car thief." "It's Friday night," he reminded me. "How many singles will become couples and leave together at closing? There are sure to be a few vehicles left unattended in the parking lot. Besides, this is a respectable neighborhood, is it not? Isn't that why we met here? Because it's safe?" I rolled my eyes in defeat and walked beside him to his car. A Bentley. Of course. A minute later, we were cruising along the Southern California coast, heading north. A Fourplay CD was playing softly in the background, something about making love and satin sheets. About the time I was imagining myself doing the dirty with Mr. Mystery Man, he reached over, again taking my hand in his, this time brushing the back of it across his lips before giving it a gentle kiss. The gesture in itself was sweet and seemingly innocent, yet at the same time seductive and sexy as hell. Yes, I could easily imagine being between the sheets with this man. The next hundred miles passed quickly and relatively quietly, with a lot of hand squeezing and very little talk. We were establishing a sort of unspoken communication: feelings and thoughts being transmitted through an electric current. As long as he held my hand, there was no need for spoken words. Did he have the same gifts I had? "We're both professionals," he said suddenly, as if he had just read my mind. "Both the best at what we do. Your employer may think me interesting, but I find you absolutely fascinating. I'm sensing some hidden talents. Supernatural abilities." Willing my own hand to be steady, I reached into my purse and took a pre-rolled out of my case. Before I could ask if he minded my smoking in his car, a lighter was in front of my face, ready to ignite the business end of the steady-your-nerves I really wanted to smoke. "You're not a regular herb smoker," his statement doubled as a question. In all honesty, I did only smoke when I needed to get my head on straight. Like now, for example. Herbs had been an important facet of developing my gifts. According to Toots, all vegetation had been given to us by the Supreme Being; we just needed to use them properly to get the full benefit, and to take care not to misuse what He had intended for our well-being. Piute was one of the plants she swore by. "I enjoy a good smoke every now and then, myself," he stated matter of fact, as he accepted the joint I offered him. "Good herb, a Cuban cigar, or a pipe of rich Turkish tobacco clears my head so I can get my focus back." He took a deep drag, held it for a moment, then exhaled slowly. "Have you ever tried smoking for that purpose?" He was teasing me now, I was sure of it. I was also positive he was reading my book again, and my facial expression must have shown it. "I'm sorry. I'm being a bit of a show-off," he apologized. "You're on the right track with the mind reading or getting into people's heads. My actual talent is in tracking, I guess you might call it. Like you, I can find someone no matter how hard they might try to hide, by using an ability I was given at my rebirth." "Rebirth?" I echoed. "You mean like, born again?" "That term typically refers to having a religious or evangelical experience, does it not?" He questioned. "Usually, yes." I confirmed, studying his face. "Is that what you're talking about?" I had met several people, especially tribal elders, who have had conversations with the spirits, and had been virtually turned one-eighty or given special abilities because of it. Nothing too special here, then. At least, nothing out of the sort-of-ordinary-for-a-gifted-person. "So, you had a spiritual encounter that resulted in your having a supernatural ability?" I asked for clarification. "No, not exactly," he said, hesitantly. "I wouldn't label it as 'spiritual' really. But, we're nearly here, and I'll be happy to explain everything to you once we arrive." I suddenly realized I hadn't been paying any attention to the landmarks or details about the drive since shortly after we left. I had no idea how long or how far we had been driving. Wonderful. " It's a little late to worry about that now that we're somewhere in the middle of the Blair Witch Project," Spirit Girl huffed in her I-told-you-so tone of voice, stifling a yawn. " That current flowing between him and me kind of lulled you to sleep, as well," I mentally scolded her. " We have to get back on our game. Now!" Watching the odometer, I noted we had driven six-point-five miles when we came to a set of massive wrought iron gates. He pushed a button on the Bentley's console causing the gates to slowly slide open. We proceeded forward down a tree-lined, brick driveway for another half-mile. One final bend in the road, and we pulled up in front of a huge mansion constructed out of rock and glass. "Where are we?" I asked, trying desperately to keep my voice casual. "What is this place?" We sat in silence, having a stare-down with each other for what seemed like an eternity. I had just about convinced myself that he could go on without blinking for days on end, when he decided to let me win. He slowly closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "We're at my home," he whispered, opening his eyes, now glowing in an otherworldly shade of vivid turquoise. "Who. And. What. Are. You?" Spirit Girl and I demanded in unison. "James," he said. "I am a vampire. And I've been waiting a millennia to meet you, Cam."