adjusted myself with my other hand. "Take me. Please, Edward." She arched her back, pushing herself down on my fingers and bringing herself closer to the edge of the table. I slid my fingers from Bella to undo my pants. Before I could get my zipper down, she quickly replaced me with her own fingers. I watched in awe as she fucked herself. Her fingers flowed in and out quickly. Her breathing picked up. She was about to cum. I wanted to make her cum. "Stop!" My voice was raised and strained. "I want to do that for you." Bella panted and moaned as she stopped her movement but let her fingers stay inside of her. I stood back between her legs, placed my hands on her and pulled her closer to me. I looked down at her, fingers still between her folds. My eyes ran up her body. Bella was biting her lip, looking at me; waiting; begging. I placed my tip of my cock at her entrance. Her fingers slid out and wrapped around me. I moaned at her touch. Fuck, what she could do to me with her hands. I slowly slid in to her until I was filling her and then pulled back out. She was tight around my cock. "Fuck, Bella." I thrust in and out of her, filling her completely each time before I pulled out of her. Bella looked up at me, her big brown eyes, glaring. "What's the matter, baby?" I hovered my body over hers. Her face was covered in a light sheen of sweat. I ran my fingertips across her forehead, moving the matted hair from her face. "You are so beautiful, Bella. Even more beautiful when you are under me." I moved my lips to hers. The pout and anger on her face, from me removing myself, was gone as she parted her lips slightly to meet mine. Our tongues moved together, slowly. We were in perfect unison with one another. It was like we were made for each other. I held her face in my hands as I moved my lips from hers. "Beautiful," I whispered as I started to kiss down her body. I pulled at her shirt, letting the buttons strain before they let go and her shirt opened. Her breasts rose toward me with each breath she took. I closed my eyes, trying to memorize the perfection of her body. I slid my hand under her bra and moved it down, exposing her nipple to me. I sucked on her until she was moaning. "Edward, fuuuck." Her body started to shake beneath me. I resumed kissing down her body again. Bella wiggled on the table, trying to get me to touch her right where she wanted me to. My face was between her legs, lips inches from her folds. I dropped to my knees and moved my head back and looked at her pussy, dripping for me. I licked her from the bottom up, stopping to nibble on her clit. Bella's hips bucked toward my face. "Want you," she moaned. I stood and slid back into her. Her muscles tightened around me as I slammed in to her. I let my hands roam her body. Her breasts were still exposed and I pinched on her nipples. "Gah, fuck. Edward." Her moaning was beautiful, but even better when she moaned my name. "Come to me." I placed my hands on hers and pulled her so she was sitting. We were chest to chest. She slid her hands between us and started to undo my shirt. She pushed my shirt off in one fluid movement and then pulled my undershirt off. She ran her hands down my chest before replacing where her hands had been with her mouth. I thrust in and out of her as fast as I could. She wrapped her legs around me as she met each one of my thrusts with her own. "Fucking hot, Bella." She bit her lip as she looked up at me. "You too, Edward," she said as she released her lip. I placed my mouth on hers and started to suck the lip the she had been biting. I quickened my thrusts and placed my hands on her ass, slightly lifting her off the table. Bella's head fell back as her moans grew louder. "Edwaaaaaa," Bella's hands went to my hair and she pulled, as her muscles tightened around me. I kept my speed going. I was going to cum with her. She was coming down from her orgasm when I felt the tightness. "I'm gonna, fuck." My legs started to shake and give way. I set Bella back on the table. She laid back as I continued to move in and out of her. My dick twitched and the walls of her pussy clamped around me, giving me one of the strongest orgasms of my life. Laying my head on Bella's stomach, I kissed her abdomen. "This has been the most satisfying days of my life; being with you, Bella." Bella moaned as she ran her hands through my hair. "Mmmmm, Mr. Cullen?" "Bella, I told you to call me Edward." "Mr. Cullen, Mr. Cullen." My eyes flew open. I was in the executive's chair. Bella was standing in front of me. Her brown locks framing her beautiful face. Her eyes looked deep into mine. She bent over and placed her hand on the arm of the chair. "Are you okay, Sir?" Her eyes drifted down toward my crotch. FUCK. I pinched my arm. Was I still sleeping? Fuck, it hurt. She eyed my dick. "Yes, I am fine…Isabella." "Just checking. The rest of the board will be here soon if you need to…" there was a pause like she was thinking of what to say. "Freshen up." A beautiful smile graced her face as she stood and turned away from me. I stood and stalked toward her. "Isabella, I think we need to have a talk."