make me do so since my wolf had been in total control at that point. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I had been vaguely aware that her fingers were tugging at my hair, but it was only so she could push my face closer to where she had wanted me to be. I had lapped and sucked, eventually adding my fingers to the mix in an effort to produce the results my wolf had been hungry for. A swipe of my tongue here, a nibble of my teeth there and a few thrusts of my fingers finally had Bella's thighs gripping my shoulders as her nails dug into my scalp while my name was torn from her lips. It would be a while before my wolf had taken his fill, leaving Bella a shuddering mess in my arms. I had licked my lips, still tasting her as my eyes drank in the sight of her relaxed body against mine. Slowly, my wolf seemed to recede a little, leaving me aware of the fact that she was completely naked while I was still clothed from the waist down. I remembered how I had suddenly felt guilty for what I had done. It had made me rise to my feet to carry Bella over to her bed where I hastily grabbed the comforter and wrapped her up in it. Backing away from the bed, I had started to stutter. "Bells...I...I…God, I'm…I didn't mean…" I ran a shaky hand through my hair as I continued to back away. "I'm sorry," I had finally whispered. Blinking, she had suddenly shot up and reached out to me. "No! Jacob, don't! Don't you dare tell me you're sorry! I wanted this! I wanted you!" I had stopped moving, but shook my head, still not believing she would've wanted what my wolf had. Maybe she had sensed the difference in me, maybe she knew that I hadn't been myself when that had happened because she was giving me a gentle smile. Rising to her knees on the bed, she had held out her hand to me and spoke in a soothing voice, as if she were trying to calm a skittish animal. "Jake, come here. Please? Stay the night with me? Let me make love to you. I promise, there's nothing you can do to me tonight that I'll ever regret." When I had still hesitated, she dropped the comforter, but I refused to let my eyes leave hers. "Jacob, I need you to hear me. What I'm saying, you have to know that I mean it all." She had paused for a moment before giving me a full smile, one that shone in her eyes along with something else. It was that something else that had fallen from her lips next. "I'm in love with you, Jacob Black. I always have been and I always will be. So stay. Stay with me and let me love you forever." That time it had worked. That time I had finally lifted my hand and tangled my fingers with hers, letting her pull me into the bed with her. The rest of that night, the wolf inside of me had remained hidden as the boy inside of me finally had the chance to become one with the girl he loved. The memories of the rest of that night, were still running through my mind as I felt a soft hand touch my shoulder. Blinking away the images, I looked up into the smiling face of my wife, Bella Marie Black. She wore a peach, knee-length, satin dress which made her naturally pale skin seem to glow from within. Her long hair was swept up in a relaxed bun with tendrils framing her face. Even with strands of white glimmering through her hair and the laugh lines around her eyes and mouth, she still took my breath away. "You okay, Jake?" she asked, a concerned look shining from her eyes. I took her hand and pulled her down next to me as I motioned to the little hutch in front of me. "Just remembering our past, is all." I replied. She grinned as she stared at the pictures our kids had added to the memory hutch, along with some of their favorite toys and other trinkets. There were a few pictures of our wedding and of Bella's pregnancies. There were even a few candid pictures of the two of us looking like we were so wrapped up in our love for each other, whether I was in wolf form or not. Once I had become Alpha, I had managed to convince the council that we shouldn't keep the secret of what we were from our families. My children had grown up knowing of their heritage and what I had once been. Only the twins had ever seen my wolf though they were still very young when I had stopped phasing. Bella sighed next to me. "Yeah, we've had a great life together, haven't we?" I nodded. "Mm hm." I reached up to run the back of my fingers over the skin of her cheek. "And all because you asked me to…" "Stay," she finished with a smile, clearly remembering that night just like I had. When I returned her smile, she continued. "Stay, Jacob. Please stay with me forever." "Forever," I whispered before claiming her lips with mine. It was only our twenty-fifth wedding anniversary, but we both knew we would have more memories to add to our forever from this night forward. Memories of our life together…and all because I had stayed. Author's Note: Due to time and RL (boo!) I didn't get to add everything I'd wanted. All those memories in EYJ's banner were just glimpsed at in this OS, so I hope to get around to doing a second part to this some day. Thanks again to JB for choosing me (blushes) and EYJ for creating such an inspiring banner! Jacob hugs to you both!