Emmett," "It doesn't matter," I growled, "I will never not blame myself for this, I should have been stronger!" Carlisle sighed and took Winnie's cheek in his hand, he tried to see if there were any way to save her. "She's gone." I murmured. Carlisle nodded and pulled his hand away, he spoke after watching Winnie's face a moment. "You stayed with her so she wasn't alone, Emmett she felt safe with you the last few minutes, even after what happened, you explained you gave her a reason why this happened, you took care of her. That meant everything to her." Of course I nodded so Carlisle would think I believed that. But internally I felt evil, like a real monster. I was the creature children like Winnie had nightmares about. The monster her mother and father had probably checked for in her closet 1000 times when she was little and afraid. The beast villagers had hunted and burned at the stake only 300 short years ago. I was a ruthless killer, I deserved death for what I had done; sadly no one would ever know I had done any of this. I would get away without question. "I- I didn't want to hurt her," I murmured in a broken tone. "I know son," Carlisle's voice wasn't disappointed, it was just sober and morose. I had to face the fact that what was happening was very real and this wasn't a dream. "I can't leave her out here," "Emmett please, you know it has to look as natural as possible," "No, I can't leave her out here," Esme knelt beside me as well, her honey golden eyes fought tears, it killed me to see my mother hurting so badly; the last thing I wanted was for my mother to grieve because of me. Esme had suffered enough in her human life, being abused by her ex-husband and losing her baby. I wonder what she thought of me now. I had killed a child, she loved little ones like this, and the fact I had brutally ended this one's life so violently was a betrayal to Esme. I was at the very least thankful that Esme hadn't had to watch. "Emmett you know you have to let them be found naturally, it's the only way. Anything else will draw suspicion." "But I-I- I told her I wouldn't leave her." I intended to keep my promise. "We know, and I'm reassured that you care so much about this little girl, but you know this is the way it has to be." I sighed and looked at Winnie's dirt-streaked, pale face. "I-I can't do it," "I'll take her," Carlisle murmured gently, I nodded and resentfully handed Winnie to Carlisle, she was lifeless but Carlisle carried her away with the same care he would if he were carrying a newborn baby. Meanwhile, I sat there feeling empty and worthless as Carlisle walked away. I was pathetic, useless and a coward. My head fell in my hands and I began to sob tearlessly. Esme hugged my shoulders softly. "Never again." I murmured, "Never, I'm not going to hunt anyone ever again." "I know," Esme murmured. "I believe you." I choked back a sob, "You shouldn't be near me Esme, I might hurt you," "Nonsense," "I don't deserve your company, after what I did to W-Winnie, you should hate me." Esme looked at me stunned, her soft voice startled. "I could never hate you, you're my son. Why would I hate you?" "For hurting Winnie, for being like Charles." Esme held my cheek tenderly in her hand, I looked up at her in despair, "Emmett, you are one of the sweetest young men I have ever met, don't you ever compare yourself to Charles, he was a true monster. You made a mistake, but Carlisle and I don't love you any less. You learned today, and I know this won't happen again because you won't let it. This changed you, your heart is good Emmett, you and I both know you would never have hurt Winnie if you'd had a choice." I nodded slightly, Carlisle POV I set the child down on the ground beside the tent and placed her to make her look as if she had fallen. Emmett had been completely crushed by this child's death, which was understandable, he'd been doing so good, resisting humans and all. The fact the girl was so little, well, it made it worse for Emmett. She hadn't had a fighting chance against Emmett. He would feel like a monster for a long time and I regretted that I couldn't take his pain away. He didn't deserve it, he never would have hurt this little one had he had a choice. Never, of that I was certain. I noticed a little gold necklace around the girl's neck, it was a heart with a W on it. "W for what?" I asked as I thought out loud, I returned and looked at Emmett who stood now, clearly in despair, next to Esme. His clothes were tattered and stained, the rain was starting to fall down again so his hair stuck onto his forehead, his eyes were bright red and ashamed. "Let's go home." I murmured solemnly, Emmett nodded, but I knew he was terrified of his wife and siblings finding out what he had done. Esme took off first, Emmett was about to follow when I stopped him, catching his shoulder in my hand. "Emmett, here, you might need this." I murmured, I set the little chain in his capable hands, he recognized the scent "Carlisle?" He asked, "Why'd you give me this." "She's special," I murmured, "I don't think you'll slip up again after this, she'll be your last, which means you need to remember her." Emmett nodded and slipped it into his pocket, "Why W?" I asked "W is for Winnie." He murmured in a solemn voice "Winnie, that's lovely," Emmett nodded slightly, " It was ,"