cent." "No, il mio amore. Listen." The day we met, Frozen I held my breath Right from the start I knew that I'd found a home for my heart... ...beats fast Colors and promises How to be brave? How can I love when I'm afraid to fall But watching you stand alone? All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow One step closer I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more Time stands still Beauty in all she is I will be brave I will not let anything take away What's standing in front of me Every breath Every hour has come to this One step closer I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more I'll love you for a thousand more One step closer I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more. As the song comes to a close, I'm crying. "Sweet girl, why are you crying?" "Edward how did you know?" "How did I know what?" "That this was the song I had dreamt for our first dance as husband and wife. That's why it was on the playlist. I never thought that my dream would become reality. Thank you. I love you so much." "I love you too Bella, but honestly, there was never any other option for our first dance. It had to be that." Our playlist continues playing. Most of them slow songs to dance to. Taylor Swift, Teddy Geiger, Lady Antebellum, Paramore, The Veronicas, Katy Perry, Ed Sheeran, Jason Mraz. The last song on the playlist starts and groaning comes from the adults, followed by squeals from the kids. "Edward, this song was not on my original playlist." "I know Bella, but this is true." Suddenly there is a booming sound. "Seriously guys" Emmett says through the microphone. Not that he needed it; he was loud enough without it. "One Direction?" Edward yells back "Emmett how do you know its One Direction?" Rosalie pops onto the mic "Because Edward, Emmett loves this song." Everyone is laughing at that, except Emmett who seems to be blushing. Edward calls out for Rose to bring the microphone over, and Emmett brings a chair. Edward tells me to sit down, and then asks for the song to start again. As the opening of the song starts, Edward starts singing. Your hand fits in mine Like it's made just for me But bear this in mind It was meant to be And I'm joining up the dots with the freckles on your cheeks And it all makes sense to me I know you've never loved The crinkles by your eyes When you smile You've never loved Your stomach or your thighs, The dimples in your back at the bottom of your spine But I'll love them endlessly I won't let these little things slip out of my mouth But if I do It's you Oh, it's you they add up to I'm in love with you And all these little things You can't go to bed without a cup of tea And maybe that's the reason that you talk in your sleep And all those conversations are the secrets that I keep Though it makes no sense to me I know you've never loved The sound of your voice on tape You never want To know how much you weigh You still have to squeeze into your jeans But you're perfect to me I won't let these little things slip out of my mouth But if it's true It's you, It's you they add up to I'm in love with you And all these little things You'll never love yourself half as much as I love you You'll never treat yourself right, darling, but I want you to. If I let you know I'm here for you Maybe you'll love yourself like I love you, oh. And I've just let these little things slip out of my mouth 'Cause it's you, Oh, it's you, It's you they add up to And I'm in love with you And all these little things I won't let these little things slip out of my mouth But if it's true It's you, It's you they add up to I'm in love with you And all your little things As the night comes to a close, all I can think about is how amazing Edward is. He chose to ignore his first preference for school for me, and some people may say that he was stupid for doing so. Sometimes sacrifices need to be made so you can be happy. I will never forget what Edward has done for me, but he also doesn't know that although I've graduated, and can geta job as a journalist, that it wont happen for a while. I have to sacrifice too. Tonight I get to surprise Edward. Sitting in my bag to take on our honeymoon is a mug. That mug says 'World best daddy.' Who says you can't have your cake and eat it too? As long as we have each other, we need for nothing more. A/N Thanks for indulging me. Hope you like it. My first ever go at writing myself. I am in awe of so many ff authors because they do this week in, week out and i get to enjoy their words. Thank you. SherieHearts