it all in Volturi Pharmaceuticals. That stock doubled when they bought the Cullen assets. She cashed out her plan a month later for close to fifty thousand dollars." I look up from the table. "Victoria had insider information about the verdict. Either she leaked that letter or James Floyd did it. " "What about James Floyd's retirement fund?" Jasper asks. "Floyd didn't have a 401k plan," I answer. My dad huffs. "Yeah, because he knew he wouldn't need it if he was stealing two hundred million." "And yours?" Jasper continues. "My plan is probably worth a few thousand now. I lost almost my entire investment." "There's more." My dad offers and Jasper and I turn our attention back to him. "I tried to see if I could find any other relatives. DuBois's parents are divorced. Her father is a French national who has spent the past twenty-five years or so living in the Caribbean. He has a son, a Laurent DuBois, by his second wife. This Laurent DuBois seems to be a con-man. He has had several arrests but no convictions for crimes ranging from identify theft to counterfeiting. His specialty seems to be forgery. His whereabouts are also unknown." "I know they're siblings but are they close?" Jasper asks as my excitement level rises. "It seems Victoria spent her summers and school vacations in the Caribbean." Charlie flips over some pages and pulls a photo from the folder. A teenaged smiling Victoria is standing next to a cocoa-skinned boy with dreadlocks. "This is him?" I ask. "Yep." "Do you have a more recent picture?" Charlie pulls out a mug shot and I gasp. "I've seen him at Cullen! He was there a few months ago, we were in the elevator together and I tripped getting on. He kept me from falling. He was dressed as a maintenance worker and I remember he had a West Indian accent." Maybe for once in my life, my clumsiness has done me some good. "Was this before or after Victoria had been laid off?" Jasper asks excitedly. I think for a moment. "After! Definitely after! I was in the middle of a project for the reparations payments when I needed to go to the archives. That's why I was in the elevator at that time." I see a genuine smile cross Jasper's face. "That's good, Bella. This could be the break we need to throw some doubt on the prosecution's accusations. It doesn't prove your innocence but we may be able to get a hung jury." Jasper turns to my dad. "We need to find these two. If just one confesses then the case against Bella crumbles." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx EPOV I sit in front of my laptop in my office, trying not to look at the headlines scrolling along the bottom of the screen. The trial is over, Bella Swan is guilty and she is going to prison for a long time. James Floyd seems to have gotten away; there is no sign of him or a trace of my family's once considerable fortune. I need to focus on rebuilding – both Cullen Conglomerated and my personal life. I'm determined that I won't let what she's done fester and contaminate me. I glance down at the business card Detective De Nali gave me. She made it very obvious that she would like to be more than just acquaintances. I turn the card over and push it away. Seeing her would only remind me of how and why we met. I don't want that. "Mr. Cullen?" I look up as Garrett, the lone surviving member of our IT department, knocks on my door. I wave him in. He holds a file up. "A few months ago, you had asked about the security camera tapes and I told you they were erased and reused every twenty four hours." I nod, remembering that brief flicker of hope that perhaps Bella wasn't lying, that maybe she really did love me. I'm an idiot. "It seems that my assistant had ordered an additional cloud backup of the cameras due to some threats Cullen received during the lawsuit case. It was forgotten during the layoffs. All the camera records you wanted are there." I swallow hard. "Show me." It takes almost five days to weed through all the data for the past year. We find security recordings of both James Floyd and Victoria DuBois entering Bella's office when she wasn't there. It takes time, but thanks to the date stamps, we can prove that James sent the damning emails from Bella's computer. We can also tell when certain emails were accessed, including the private ones when Bella and I debated different types of birth control. We discover footage of Floyd and DuBois passionately kissing in a back stairwell on several different occasions. Lastly, there is footage of Laurent DuBois inside Cullen Conglomerated. I even see the moment Bella trips into the elevator. It unfolds exactly as she described on the witness stand. At the time, I had thought it was a desperate attempt to confuse the jury. While she was in the archives, he and James Floyd disappear into her office. I wish there was footage inside the individual offices but even without it, I know. Bella is innocent and I'm the worthless ass that didn't believe the woman I claimed to love. My girlfriend is in jail, her life destroyed, because I didn't have faith in her. I think of all the letters she wrote, begging me to trust her and how my reaction was to threaten her with a restraining order. I abandoned her. It's two in the morning. I haven't showered in over a day, I haven't shaved in three but the only thing that matters now is freeing Bella. I arrive at the police station twenty minutes later. A sleepy Jasper Whitlock is waiting outside. We shake hands before I give him the flash drive with the security camera recordings. "You need to see this."