everything: candles, white rose petals—because apparently red makes it look like a crime scene—silky sheets, and several bouquets of flowers. Ever practical, Edward also has a box of condoms and a Costco-size bottle of lube on the nightstand. He finishes lighting the candles and climbs into bed next to me. "Bella…" he whispers reverently before I close the distance between us. Our bodies mold together as we kiss over and over. I love feeling the pressure of his soft lips as his tongue traces mine. I feel him, already hard and heavy against me, as my hands instinctively seek out my favorite places to hold. With one hand on his firm ass and the other ensconced at the base of his hair, my legs wrap around him as his hands caress my breasts. First, each thumb slowly circles over my nipples, simultaneously hardening the sensitive peaks. I gasp into his mouth as the sensations carry from my breasts to my now throbbing clit. His other fingers massage while his thumbs focus on bringing me to the brink. Edward knows exactly how to drive me crazy. He breaks our kiss and lowers his head to one breast, his tongue expertly repeating the motions of his thumbs. I'm already pressing and rubbing against his long cock, desperate for the friction that I know will ultimately bring me release. He raises his head and chuckles in my ear. "Not so fast. I want you ready." "I am…" I practically whimper as he returns to laving each breast with his tongue while one hand edges down my back and squeezes my ass lightly before he continues around to the front and inserts a finger inside me. "Hmmm, I think I can get you wetter than this," he murmurs while his other fingers lightly slide over my clit. My body responds as if on command. I'm moaning and whining, begging for him to not stop as he inserts a second finger. "Okay?" "Yes, please! Keep doing that." I'm not sure if I'm begging or ordering as he combines his fingers and tongue until I finally explode in waves of pleasure. As my breathing returns to normal, I feel him slide down and spread my thighs. He gently kisses me on my still-sensitive clit before he lowers his head more. The first time he did this, I nearly died from the pleasure. His tongue deserves its own national holiday or a commemorative postage stamp. It's that incredible. It doesn't take long before I'm crying and writhing as my second orgasm engulfs me. The sound of a wrapper tearing is barely audible over my erratic breathing. "Bella, are you ready?" he asks. "Yes," I reply, panting heavily. "I'm so ready." Edward hovers above me as he aligns our bodies. We kiss, our eyes never leaving the other's. He takes one of my hands in his, wrapping his fingers around me while he uses his other hand to help guide himself in. He goes slowly, allowing my body time to adjust to his size until he reaches the point where my barrier lies. I give him a slight nod. He pushes forward, and I feel the sharp sting. I arch up and cry out despite myself. Edward stills as we wait for the pain to dissipate. "Okay?" he asks after a while. I kiss him before replying, "Yes." He begins to move, gently at first, asking at each interval if I'm ready. Eventually, he increases his pace, and I stop feeling as if I'll split in two. Instead, I feel nothing but pleasure as he fills me in a way no one ever has. I grasp his backside as he reaches his own hard-earned climax. Edward caresses my face with one hand. "I love you, Bella. It's always been you and only you in my heart and soul." I smile,. "I love you too, Edward. You're my Mister Right, my Mister Right For Now, and Mister Right Now, all in one." A/N: This was my entry for the "Straight thru the Heart" contest. This version is slightly longer than the one posted on the contest's profile since I'm no longer required to keep the story under seven thousand words. I want to thank Stacy and Sunflower Fran for their encouragement and support. This entry wouldn't have posted without their help. I also want to thank Geekchic12, the contest's emergency beta, for her help when called upon in the twelfth hour. All three contributed greatly to the finished story. I wrote most of it in less than a day and sent it to the contest on a whim, which was a mistake. My second beta, Maxandmo, has been busy with baby #3, and her punctuation skills were sorely missed. Participating in this contest was an interesting experience. I learned a lot about this fandom, even though I thought I knew it pretty well beforehand. Regardless, just as you should never judge a book by its cover, you should never judge a contest's grammar rules by how it spells "through." I'd like to thank everyone who read, reviewed, favorited, and followed this story. I've come to really appreciate the dedication of readers who will read and review every story in a contest, even if it's just a simple "thank you for your entry." I can't tell you how much that means to those of us who enter these contests. That said, I have no plans to enter any more contests. I'm focusing on one special project and my two WIPS. I'm also proud to say that the very talented Stacyo72 is regularly posting new chapters for her entry from the Age of Edward 2015 contest, Pressing for Love. I'm her beta/pre-reader, and I'm thrilled she has finally started writing again. I first met Stacy many years ago when she wrote an epic Duran Duran fanfic, which I loved from the moment I began reading. Almost ten years later, she is one of my best friends and I treasure that friendship.