suggested, handing a sailor costume to me. She had kept apart from us pretty much the entire trip, but I had no reason to refuse her now, so I let her balance the outfit on top of the armload the others had found for me. When everyone had enough to try on, we made our way back to the two dressing rooms. The boys went first, just to make sure important parts of their costumes fit. Tyler stayed with the pirate theme, but Mike decided on a doctor outfit he would gorify with loads of blood. Ben opted for Death, and Jasper was apparently going to the marine route. Emmett had ditched the pimp hat, at Rosalie's suggestion, for a red silk robe, ala Hugh Hefner. "Classy," Alice teased, then quickly grabbed my arm and yanked me into a dressing room. At Lauren's and Jessica's insistence, the routine became that once your costume was on, you strutted your stuff in front of the guys to see what they thought, from a male point of view. Then the other girls would either veto or agree with this. The first few costumes I tried on I utterly refused stepping out of the safety of the dressing room in. The devil costume was so tight my chest was literally popping out; the poodle-skirt made me look like I was twelve; the angel I had insisted on trying was A-line cut and made me look pregnant. A pregnant angel. Perfect. By the time Alice had settled on a playfully sexy fairy costume, and Angela had convinced Jessica and Lauren (which much help from Ben) that her flapper costume was fine, everyone was waiting on me. That only made things worse as I slipped into the last costume, the one Rosalie had picked for me. "All right, Bella, out with the last one," Alice ordered, and I heard her clap excitedly. I wanted to vomit. "I don't know . . ." "Oh, come on out and let us see," Jessica encouraged, and Mike mumbled something that made them all snicker. It was probably for the best I hadn't heard him. Instead I glanced at my own ass in the mirror. It was good the costume included navy bloomers beneath the short pleated navy skirt or I would have been wardrobe-malfunctioning all over the place. The white button-up top could either be tied or tucked in, and of course I had it tucked in. The buttons stopped quite low but a red scarf knotted in just the right place so I didn't feel like I was completely hanging out for the world to see, and the short sleeves kept me from feeling too bare on top. The sleeves even had little cuffs with navy and gold buttons to match the buttons on the hips of the skirt. My collarbones and my arms didn't look too bad . . . Rosalie had added white thigh-highs with little red bows around the tops to hold up the frilly tops. Hell with it; I went ahead and put them on as well because I wasn't walking out quite so bare. They me feel like a hooker, but they did combat the shortness of the skirt . . . and then there was the sailors hat which was pretty fun and didn't look too bad settled on top of my curls. Actually, when I looked at my reflection in the mirror, I didn't look too bad. It accentuated my hips and my chest without leaving me naked. It showed off my legs, which Lauren said was a good thing. I looked like a slut, but a classy slut. "All right," I sighed, taking a deep breath and pushing the curtain aside. I stepped out and put one hand on my hip and saluted with the other. "What do you think?" I was asking Alice, but it was Jessica who squealed, "I'd totally do you!" "That's adorable," Lauren nodded approvingly. "And by adorable, I mean fuckable." "I . . . I love it," Alice gasped, running up to me. "Does this—oh, you can tie this up, right? And show off—" "Alice!" I squeaked, pulling the fabric out of her fingers. Well, my shirt was untucked now, but I was certainly not tying it up to show off my stomach. Angela smiled encouragingly at me while Lauren asked, "Boys?" Mike and Emmett both gave thumbs up, while Jasper nodded and Tyler winked. My eyes trailed self-consciously around the faces. Rosalie was smirking, clearing enjoying her victory. Beside her, Edward's eyes clearly trailed up and down my body but he avoided eye contact. I felt the red creep across my chest and up my cheeks. "Edward?" Lauren pressed, looking very pleased with herself as she leaned forward to look at him around Rosalie. "What do you think?" Instead of answering Lauren, Edward finally made eye contact with me and asked, "Are you trying to get laid at the party?" "No," I insisted, glaring quickly at Alice. "Then you can't wear that." "What? I don't get—" "Because you're screaming 'fuck me' right now." This was our grand first conversation, other than the debate. Everyone else found his appraisal hysterical, and some even applauded while Lauren cheered, "Sold!" I continued to stare at Edward in shock, though, which quickly turned to suspicion at the impish grin he flashed me. In that simple grin, I knew the girls and Jasper were full of it. Edward wasn't harboring any kind of secret affection for me. He was sitting there making fun of me. He was just teasing me like he would tease any other girl. I suppose I felt some small thrill that he apparently didn't find me too awkward, I mean, that he thought me worthy of teasing like any other girl. But it was a disappointing conclusion to the idea that I had never let myself really believe: that Edward Cullen saw me as anything more than the girl on the fringe of his world.