ever be," I said looking up at him. I could see his eyes darken and I tried to stand my ground and not let him get to me. "Bella, how do you know what kind of man I am? You've never given me the chance to show you? We could be real good together, you just need to let the stiff down gently. You need more than his pansy ass." He moved closer to me and grabbed my arm roughly pulling me to him. "Jacob, let me go now," I said as I saw Edward standing there, his full of anger and his jaw set tightly. I could feel his fingers pressing harder into my arm. "You know what you deserve that waste of space Masen, there's plenty of other women at the office I don't need to get down to your level," he said as he released my arm and started to walk away but Edward stopped him. "Jacob, you will report to my office at eight o'clock on Monday morning," Edward said with an authoritative voice as he placed his hand on my back and I stepped back into him. Jacob just sneered as he walked away. "Are you okay, Bella?" Edward asked as he took my arm in his hand, and gently ran his fingers over the bruise that was forming from Jacob's fingers. "I'm fine," I said softly not wanting all the attention. "Hmm.. we'll need to ice it," he said as he helped me sit down. He picked up a napkin and grabbed a few ice cubes out of the glass of soda that he had. He wrapped them in the the napkin and pressed them to my arm. I shuddered at the coldness as I looked up at him. "I.. I'm not sure what to say," I mumbled. "You didn't do anything wrong, I heard what you said to him. No one has ever defended me like that. It was amazing, pretty girl." "I just didn't like what he was saying and I meant every word I said. It doesn't matter to me that you don't drive and you truly know how to treat a woman. Not many men would leave those notes and gifts on a woman's desk, you're a wonderful man, Edward Masen," I said as he continued to move the ice over my arm. "Thank you," he said shyly. "How does it feel now?" "Much better." "Would you like me to see you home?" he asked. "Yes please, that would be lovely," I said as I turned to Alice. "Thank you for inviting me, I had a good time." "You're welcome, Bella," she said with a smirk. "I'll call you tomorrow." I nodded as Edward said his goodbyes and picked up my coat, wrapping it around me, and then he placed his hand on the small of my back and he guided us through the crowd as many people watched us. Some said good-bye but others just looked. Once outside he lead me over to a cab and helped me get in. He told the driver my address before he pulled out into traffic. "You know where I live?" I asked looking up at him with a puzzled look. "I do," he smirked down at me and I smiled shyly at him. The rest of the cab ride was spent chatting about little things and sharing smiles with each other. As the cab pulled up in front of my house, Edward opened the door and helped me out and then he turned to the driver and told him to wait. He walked me up to my door and stood there quiet for a moment before he cleared his throat, "Thank you for taking a chance and meeting me at the Water Tower." "I'm glad I did," I said softly looking up at him. "I had a good time with you tonight, I usually dislike parties." "Me too. If it would be okay, I'd like to call you tomorrow and perhaps make plans to go on an actual date. That is if y.. you'd like to go out with me?" "Hmm.. I'd have to check my busy calendar," I said with a laugh. "Okay," he said dejectedly. "Edward, I was kidding. I don't have a busy calendar. I'm pretty much a homebody, and I'd love to go on a real date with you." "You would?" he questioned. "Yes, you're a wonderful man and a girl would totally have to be crazy to not want to go out with you." "Most women only see me for my last name and what it can do for them," he said as he looked down at his feet. "Edward, I don't care about any of that. I want to be with you." He nodded. "I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow." "I'll call sometime in the afternoon. Would it be too forward of me to kiss you right now?" he asked. "No, I'd like it if you kissed me," I said as I licked my bottom lip in anticipation. He leaned in slowly and kissed my lips gently as I moved my hands up and wrapped them around his neck angling my head a bit giving him more room. I could hear his moan emanating from his chest as he pulled back, "Wow." "I'd say so too. I should go in, the cab driver seems to be getting impatient." "Let him, I'm paying him," he said as he leaned back in and brushed his lips over mine again, this time it was my turn to moan as his tongue slid against mine. We kissed for a few seconds more before we both pulled back. "I should go," he whispered. "Okay, I'll talk to you tomorrow." "Tomorrow," he said as he stepped back and I opened my door and went inside. I waved at him as he walked back to the cab and I closed my door. What an interesting evening this turned out to be.