the red suit is definitely not a real beard Santa. That beard is so fake even Teddy might notice. The cheap looking Santa suit and boots look like he got them in the clearance aisle of Wal-Mart. However, Santa himself is enthusiastic, greeting each child and listening to their requests before posing so the professional photographer Alice hired can take pictures. Hopefully, that will be enough to make up for the cheesy costume. "There's something very odd about that Santa," Esme whispers to me. "I feel like I know him from somewhere." We approach the front of the line and Alice takes Teddy's hand to lead him up to Santa. I take pictures as they make small talk. Teddy and I had discussed his list and I know he planned to ask for a Millennium Falcon with the figures, not sold separately. Santa listens to his requests then asks him something I never expected. "Teddy, if you could have your daddy here for Christmas would you like that?" Teddy nods vigorously as Santa continues. "Do you think that would be a good gift for you and your mommy?" "Yes! Yes, Santa!" Santa looks up at me and winks. "Now what about your Auntie Alice? Do you think she'd like a special visitor too? Maybe Uncle Jasper?" Alice's head snaps up and she shrieks. Suddenly, there's Mrs. Claus leading our husbands out from behind the red curtain. Teddy is shouting for his daddy and Edward scoops him up from Santa's lap. I know the small crowd is cheering. I'm vaguely aware of the flash of the camera as the photographer takes picture after picture but it all fades away as I join Edward and our son. We hug, with Teddy between us. I breathe deeply, inhaling the scent of cinnamon and sunshine and man that is my husband. "You're early." I whisper in his ear before I pull back slightly, giving Teddy some breathing room. He grins "I thought Santa could pull a few strings and bring me home in time for Christmas." "I knew Santa would bring you home. Maggie said he could do it." Teddy declares as we both kiss his cheeks. Edward takes my hand. I finally look around and see Alice and Jasper embracing. She catches my eye and we're both grinning like idiots. "He got me, I can't believe he got me." She turns to Edward. "How did you pull this off?" Edward just laughs. "Christmas magic." "Ho-ho-ho, the Christmas magic has just begun." Santa takes the opportunity to sit back in his chair and waves to Siobhan and Maggie. "Come on girls." Liam hangs back. "Liam, you don't have to talk to him or sit on his lap. Just lean on the arm rest so you're in the picture." Alice directs him just before ushering them forward. "Santa, these are the Cullen children, Liam, Siobhan, and Maggie." Alice places her hand on each child's shoulder as she introduces them. "Ho-ho-ho! I remember these three quite well. Liam, do you still have that Playstation 3 I brought you three Christmases ago? I expect you'll want the new version this year." Santa's deep voice booms. Liam loses his cool boy façade for just a moment before he recovers. "My aunt told you to say that." Just then Mrs. Claus looks up at us and winks. I gasp and my eyes fill with tears as I realize what is about to happen. I clutch Edward's arm. "Oh my God, how did you manage this?" I ask in amazement. He looks at me, genuinely puzzled. "Manage what?" It occurs to me that he doesn't know what Santa is about to reveal. "Just watch." Santa chuckles again. "No, there's no need. I remember that gift just like I remember when you got an Imaginext Pirate ship when you were four and that you asked me for a real Ferrari when you were nine." Liam turns and really looks at the Santa. I see the recognition in his eyes but Santa puts a finger over his lips before he addresses the girls. He asks them both what they want and the girls name toys. Then Santa looks at Maggie and says. "Come on now, Maggie. I think there's something else you would like to ask me to bring you. It's o.k. to say it. I can't make your wish come true if you don't." Maggie hesitates, no doubt remembering our talk from last week. Liam nudges her. "Maggie, say it. Tell him who we want home for Christmas." Maggie glances over at her grandparents and me before she takes a deep breath. "I want my mommy and daddy home. I miss them." "Stand up, girls." Santa commands. They do and Mrs. Claus walks over to stand next to her husband. "Merry Christmas, kids!" Santa removes his beard and wig while Mrs. Claus takes off her own wig and glasses. "Daddy! Mommy!" The kids scream as they finally recognize Emmett and Rosalie. They embrace their parents and before long all of the Cullens are surrounding them, hugging and crying. Even Carlisle is visibly moved to see all of his children together again for the first time in years. Cheers fill the room again with Jasper and Edward whooping and hollering loudly. When the crowd quiets, a "ho-ho-ho" loudly echoes through the room as Alice's real beard Santa saunters inside, asking if everyone liked his Christmas surprise. Santa addresses the line of children still waiting for their turn with him. "Thank you to Emmett and Rosalie for being such good helpers today. Now they can enjoy their time with their family and the rest of you can tell me what you want for Christmas." I lean over and squeeze Alice's shoulder as I whisper "See, everything turned out perfectly, didn't it? " She smiles back, for once overwhelmed and speechless. Maggie looks up at us and grins. "Auntie Bella, I know God makes the miracles but Santa definitely delivered this one for him."