his neck and down his shoulder. The scent of soap reached his nose, and he couldn't help the look of surprise that appeared on his face. Was she giving him a sponge bath? She chuckled. "Yes, I'm washing you. I want you nice and clean for the next part." Well, then. He really couldn't complain when she made it feel so good. The slick, warm sponge trailed slowly over every inch of skin he had, from his neck down to his toes. When it moved in circles over his torso, making its way down south, he knew she could see the evidence that he was enjoying the sensual play. He heard her soft noise of pleasure as the sponge caressed first his cock then his balls before moving on to his thighs. Secretly, he was glad she was pleased he was hard for her. She continued on down until she cleaned every inch of his body. Then he felt her fingers on his cheek. "I'm going to wash your hair and face, so when I tell you to hold your breath, do so," she said. "And keep your eyes closed behind that blindfold." He let her know that he understood with a nod. Her hands tilted his head back before she told him to hold his breath, and then something was poured onto his hair. Fingers began to massage his head, probably working shampoo into his hair from the fruity smell that reached his nose. She continued until he was nearly in a sensual coma before she told him to hold his breath again. This time she poured warm water over his hair to rinse out the shampoo. Once she was done, he felt a towel cover his head as she began to massage through it, trying to dry his hair as much as she could. Again, he fell into that sensual coma as the cloth moved to his face, and then down to the rest of his body. He was floating so nicely that he didn't even realize when the towel disappeared and a hand wrapped around his hard shaft. It wasn't until he felt the heat of her mouth close over him that he became aware she was finally giving him a happy ending. At least, that was what he hoped. Starting at the base of him, she moved her hand up and down even as her mouth covered the tip of his cock. On every pull up, her tongue teased the vein that ran the length of his erection before swirling over the tip a few times. When she dipped it into the slit at the top, he couldn't help the way his hips jerked. She teased him a bit, then returned to swallowing more of his length while her hand stroked what couldn't fit in her mouth. It didn't take long at all before he was gritting his teeth, trying to keep from coming. He let his head fall back as a serrated moan let his lips. He felt her swirl her tongue around again before she popped off him long enough to give him one last command. "Come in my mouth." Then she was back to sucking the life out of his cock, and he was coming hard, as if his life depended on it. By the time his balls were empty, as well as his brain, his body felt so boneless that it could have slid off the chair into a puddle at her feet. He was vaguely aware of the way her tongue licked him clean before she released him from her mouth and hand. Then he felt her fingers at the back of his head, undoing the blindfold. Once it was gone, he didn't even open his eyes, still enjoying the state of bliss that his body was in. Not even the fact that she was now untying his hands from behind the chair was enough to rouse him. He heard her soft chuckle as her fingers combed through his hair. "Jacob? Are you okay?" His eyes fluttered open, and he blinked until his eyesight adjusted to the soft light in the room. She leaned over him, just as naked as he was, with a knowing smile on her face. He sighed. "I'm better than okay." She laughed at that then tugged at his hands. "Come on. Let's put you where I can massage your poor, tortured limbs." He grinned as she led him to the bed which was just a few steps away from the chair she'd tied him to. She directed him onto his stomach before she began to massage his shoulders and arms with the oil that was waiting on the nightstand. He groaned in appreciation as she worked the soreness out of his muscles and joints. "Man, I had no idea being tied up like that would take its toll on my body." She giggled. "Hmm, now you know what it feels like." "Yeah," he replied with a sigh. She leaned over him to plant a kiss on his shoulder. "If you fall asleep during the massage, it's okay. I'll wake you up when I'm ready for more." He laughed. "Wow! Are you serious?" "Yes! I'm not done with you! Not by a long shot!" He lifted his head to look back at her with a smirk. "My wife just can't get enough of me, huh?" She returned his smirk with one of her own. "There's that … but really, you owe me for passing out during our wedding night last year." His eyes went wide. Oh shit, Bella still hadn't forgiven him for being so tired that night. Well, he learned his lesson. That was the last time he went out with Quil and Embry the night before he had anything important planned with his Bells. Still, if it meant he'd be punished the way he was today, maybe he'd try to get in trouble again. There was something to be said about being punished with pleasure.