ordered, he still insisted on punishing her for the lies of someone else. He saw her as she seemed to retreat more and more into herself. It was as if she was shrinking before his eyes. He ran his hands through his hair, pulling it slightly to feel a little pain. The sharp ache in his scalp did not have any redemptive value for him. He soldiered on with his story. "In the meantime, you blossomed. You gained weight and became very pretty. Your hair is your crowning feature but your face and figure, well, you are a very attractive girl, Isabella. I found it hard to resist you. When I knew you had bled three times and could not be with another man's child, the rest of my plan went into action." He stood up and started pacing across the kitchen. "I came to your room and found you to be pure. I had been treating you so poorly even when I found that most of the things your uncle accused you of were false. I felt wretched, but I needed a child and you are my wife. I justified my actions by thanking you. I thought that once an heir was born I would leave you alone. But month after month there was no baby and I was losing hope. "The other day, I finally received word from my cousin. He said Dwyer lied about everything. He spoke to Dwyer, threatened him actually, to get the truth. Your uncle was angry with you because his daughter had accepted the hand of a man he deemed unworthy of her position. He said that raising you lowered his family's standing. Dwyer took the money I sent for your passage and made you work off your fare. Dwyer has lost his position at the shipyard and has taken to the bottle. Your aunt and cousins have left him. They are safe with her parents." He paused again and noticed the tears on her cheeks. He longed to wipe them away but he knew he had yet to earn the right to touch her again. There was much more he had to tell her. "So I grabbed the nearest bottle and tried to drown myself in alcohol. When you knocked on my door I was still so angry, with myself for believing the lies and with him for the lying. You stood outside my door looking so lovely but concerned for me. I did not deserve your concern. I had already destroyed my bedroom and I was afraid that I would destroy you too. I had to get you away from me but when I saw you lying on your bed, well, my thoughts were not gentlemanly. I started to-I wanted to. It was as if my vision was shrouded. I was going to do horrible things to you before I came to my senses and ran out of the room. "He lied to me and I believed him. I treated you horribly for no reason. If I had just spoken to you, trusted you, we could have been happy by now. But you are terrified of me. I can see it. I am so sorry, Isabella." He stopped his pacing and fell to his knees in front of her. He reached for and took hold of both her hands. "Please help me, Isabella. Even though I've been a horrible husband, you are still my wife and I still need you. I promise I will change. I promise to be kind and gentle. I promise to be a better man, one that could, possibly be worthy of you. I would like to get to know you. To perhaps build a proper marriage between us. To try. Please say you'll let us try, Isabella." Epilogue Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada 1879 The very portly midwife gently passed the well-wrapped infant to his waiting father. The tall man glowed with pride. "Hello, son," he whispered as he stroked one downy cheek. "And a fine boy he is, sir." The midwife laughed at the man. "My wife?" he asked with a look of concern on his face. "Isabella is just fine, sir, a little tired. So, what is the little man's name?" The tall man relaxed, relieved to find his beloved wife well. "Well, we named our first son after my cousin, who helped us a great deal. And the second after my father, of course. The girls both have their own names, not family names. But this one gets my name, isn't that right, Junior?" he said as he swayed, holding tightly to his son. The End AN: This was, is my entry in the Caveat Emptor: Maybe an HEA contest. There is not a chance in hell this story would ever have been read by or accepted by those who ran the contest without beachcomberlc. She took my clumsy words and polished them, she removed all of my extra useless commas and helped me get over my phobia of semi-colons. She put up with my oddities and I am forever grateful. I've tried very hard to leave her alone and not harass her too much but no that the contest has ended... If this story is expanded and turned into a multi-chapter fic it will be because beachcomberlc is willing to put up with me again. Maybe if we all send her chocolate she'll agree? After beach worked her magic, I sent the story to SunflowerFran to pre-read. She offered her wisdom and I thank her for it on bended knee. Much to my surprise, this story won third place judges vote and Jonesn's pick. If I had known who the other entrants were, I would never had entered. To be up against such big talents and names is terrifying. A well deserved congratulations to everyone who entered the contest. Thank you to everyone who volunteered to beta for me. It makes my heart sing to have so many willing, helpful people in my life.