all." His sister spoke again as I started to draw his blood. "Why are you doing that?" "We need to check his levels; it's very routine." I relied. "Why do you need to do that? Can't you just take some blood from the machine in stead of sticking him with more needles? Do you really know what you're doing because you look very young to be fully qualified? And…" She rambled on. I quickly packed away the kit and rapped the label around the vile of blood. "Ms Hale," I stated. "Can I speak to you privately?" I motioned to the small examination room just off the dialysis centre. I started walking toward it, throwing the reminder of the kit into the biohazard bin and handed the blood sample to the nurse. "Could you take this to the lab please?" She nodded once and walked on. I opened the examination room door and Miss Hale walked inside. "Miss Hale I understand your concern about your brother but you have to understand that this is my job, I know what I'm doing and I would greatly appreciate it if you did not question my actions in front of my patient. He may be your brother, but I need you to trust that I will no nothing but what is best for my patient." The words were stern, but they had to be said. "I just don't want to see my bother pocked and prodded when it's not necessary. He's been through enough as it is." She snapped at me. "There's something else you need to understand Ms Hale. Healthy people don't get sent here. Stable patients don't get sent here. I'm guessing that at his last dialysis centre he was taken care of by nurses?" She nodded curtly. "Well here he'll be taken care of by me, a doctor. Your brother's renal function is decreasing, he's getting worse, otherwise he wouldn't be here. So I'm going to take more blood samples, he's going to get more treatment; he's going to have more complications. You have to realise that." Somewhere in my harsh words her face cracked, "I know." She said, so low it was almost a whisper. "You have to take care of him" All the ferociousness she showed a short time ago was gone. Now she just looked scared, she was scared. "Ever since my Dad died it's just been me and him. I've always taken care of him, and everything was going so great, he was doing fine and I got a new job and a boyfriend and then…then he got worse. Now he's in Seattle and I'm down in Olympia and he's getting sicker. He's had to live with this for so long and now it's getting worse and I can't protect him the way I used to when we were kids, before everything got so serious, so… life threatening. I just can't loose…I can't…" "I know," I said reassuring her. "And trust me; I will do everything in my power to make sure he gets the best care possible. I will take care of him; I'll be here whenever he needs me. I'll look after him." "Thank you," She said softly. "Just doing my job," I smiled. "Do you need to go or are you staying?" "I took a few days off work; I'm staying, just to get him settled in." She replied. I watched her walked out the room and over to her brother, she said something and he laughed. I sat down the bed beside me and watched them. They were talking easily with each other, laughing. I flipped open the chart that I somehow still hadn't put down where it was supposed to be. I looked over the pages again. If she cared so much about her brother, why didn't she donate a kidney to him? It's the first thing I would have thought of if it had been one of my brothers. Ah, there it is. She was a positive match, but… that didn't make any sense. She was so protective of her brother why wouldn't she donate if she was a positive match. I read on, 'unviable candidate' the chart said. So she did want to help her brother, she just couldn't. I shut the chart and walked out of the small exam room. I wanted to ask her why she couldn't donate. What can I say, I'm a curious person! But I knew I couldn't, after all, she wasn't my patient. "Good morning Alice," a deep voice spoke from behind me. I turned quickly. "Doctor Hoffman, good morning sir!" I chipped. "I see you have discovered your new patient, I was going to tell you last night but it must have slipped my mind. Terribly sorry about that! But I also have a bit of a surprise for you," I raised a questioning eyebrow. "Mr Hale is your patient and yours alone!" He beamed. And for the second time this morning my jaw nearly hit the floor, was he kidding? "Are you sure?" I asked cautiously. "Entirely sure Dr Cullen you are more then ready. Of course I will keep an eye on things but I have every confidence that you will do brilliantly!" He smiled. "Now I will be off to see to my patients and will leave you with yours." My own patient! All mine! All to myself! I could barely believe it. But just as abruptly as the excitement set in, it vanished. And in it's place, dread. After all this was my patient and if I did anything wrong it would all be on me. I looked over at him sitting in a big pink 'day patient' chair chatting lightly to his sister, he was my responsibility now. I was in charge of keeping him alive, me and only me (so maybe there are some other docs in this place that would step in if I messed things up, but still). And besides that… He. Was. HOT!