her slick, wet heat. Mel came apart under him, moaning against his lips, her body clamping down on his fingers as she ground against him. Quil positioned himself carefully. He was beyond ready for this. He had dreamed of making love to Mel and now he almost sobbed as he eased the head of his aching cock into the warm, wet mystery of her body. He pushed gently, every fiber of his being focused on the tight caress of Mel's body as he moved deeper into her. Mel gasped when Quil reached her barrier and he pulled back slowly, reveling in the stroking pull of her flesh, as if her body wanted him to stay buried in her. He moved in and out a few times, pressing further each time, until finally he covered Mel's mouth with his and pushed through the resistance. She arched her back, trying to pull away from him, but her movement angled her hips in his favor and Quil sheathed himself in her to the hilt. He buried his face in her neck, nuzzling her, nipping her earlobe. Rising up on his elbows Quil began moving, measuring his length out and into her like the tide against the shore. Mel pulled his face down to hers and plunged her tongue into his mouth, drowning herself in his sweetness. Quil wrapped his hands around Mel's shoulders and pounded into her, hard and fast, over and over until she arched up against him, shattering into a million tiny pieces. Quil pushed deep into her and came hard. Finally giving in to the wolf, Quil flipped Mel over and hauled her to her knees. He pushed himself into her slow and deep, and waited a few moments before he began to move. He stroked her back and ran his hands over her hips, pulling her against him as he moved into her, hitting a place deep inside that made her catch her breath. The wolf urged him on, and Mel began to whimper and push back against him, trying to take him deeper. Quil pushed hard and deep, glorying in the soft moan that followed each thrust home. When he could feel her walls begin to tighten around him, he pulled her up tight against his chest, running his teeth over the muscle where her soft neck sloped into her shoulder. When Quil nipped her, Mel bore down and clutched at the warm, strong arm encircling her waist. Quil thrust up hard and sank his teeth into her soft neck, breaking the skin. Mel moaned and Quil growled at the taste of her blood on his tongue. Mel's body stroked and caressed Quil's shaft and he filled her with his seed, the wolf howling in triumph. Quil cradled Mel against his chest, softly licking and nuzzling his mark. He slowly lowered her to the bed and wrapped his arms around her. She turned to him, burying her face in the hollow of his shoulder and they both drifted off to sleep. In a dark, quiet corner of Quil's mind Hershey curled up in a contented ball and rested his muzzle on his paws. "Our mate." xOxOxOxOxOx Good news travels fast; faster through a pack mind, and Sam and the rest of the wolves breathed a long awaited sigh of relief that the Quil/Mel drama had come to a happy ending. Emily and the boys were especially happy because, like Bella, when Mel was happy she made food. Lots of food of all kinds. Emily appreciated the help and Mel even took orders for goodies for the Christmas Pack Gathering at the end of the week. Christmas Day dawned clear and bright. It was the first time in longer than she could remember that Mel actually looked forward to a family gathering. Her own family treated her as if she were invisible. The pack pulled her in and embraced her, overjoyed that she and Quil were finally happy, and the future looked more than a little rosy. Quil picked her up promptly at 10:00am and they arrived at Sam's in record time, laden with cookies and fudge and the pink peppermint popcorn balls Leah requested. First order of the day was a gift exchange. There were the usual video games and fast food gift certificates for the unmated wolves, and the more personal gifts the couples gave each other. Quil was ecstatic at the new iPod Mel gave him. Collin asked if it was charged and had any music on it. Mel smiled. "Of course." Collin snatched it out of Quil's hand and began scrolling down the song list. "You're kidding, right? Geez, Mel, how pissed were you when you loaded this – this stuff on here?" Quil grabbed the iPod back and looked over the list. "Wow, Babe. The complete recordings of Adele, Selena Gomez, and Justin Bieber. Thank you." Mel laughed. "And plenty of room for anything else you want to listen to." "Ok, Mel," Collin crowed. "Payback's a bitch. Open your gift from Quil." Mel tore the shiny red paper off the box and opened it. Nestled in green tissue paper was a sterling silver Hershey Kiss hung on a chocolate brown silk cord. Quil took it from the box and fastened the cord around Mel's neck. She kissed him and whispered, "Thank you. Both of you." Later that afternoon, Sam noticed Brady watching Quil and Mel under the mistletoe. "You ok, Brady?" "Yeah. I really did love her, Sam. Now she's Pack and I love her like a sister. It sucks, but I am glad she's happy. I already told Quil I'd kick his ass if he ever hurt her again." Sam smiled. "I'm sure he'll do his best to make sure that doesn't happen." "I don't get those presents at all. The Bieb?" Brady shuddered. "That's just mean." "All that matters is that they understand them." Sam reached into the fridge and grabbed two beers. "C'mon, Kid. There's a game on somewhere." ***The End***