golden-eyed boy who had walked into my life today. . . . . When morning came, I arose early, dressing quickly and running a comb through my hair. I was about to leave the room when I saw a sheet of ivory paper sitting on my dressing table. It looked so pure in my dirty, dank, bare room. All I had was a dressing table, bed and mirror. I picked it up, my fingers trembling, my face aching from the slap I had received last night. I nearly dropped it when I saw who it was from. Isabella, I won't be in today, but if you need me then call the number below. You should really keep your door locked, goodness knows who could walk in… Be safe, Edward C. 009-874-777 Oh. My. God. Edward had been in my house?! How the…? I always made sure the front and back door was locked before I went to bed. I shredded the note, tossing it in the bin when I got to the kitchen. I have a stalker. Me, Bella-Boring-Swan has a stalker. After chores, breakfast and seeing Charlie off - and I mean flipping him the bird as he walked out the door - I set off for school. My stomach was in knots the whole day. Alice found me in my hideout at break and lectured me for ten minutes about my ditching her yesterday. I wasn't in the mood to apologize. I didn't tell her about Edward's notes. I didn't say hardly a word the whole day. I was on edge, hoping Edward would come to school, but then discarding that thought and shoving it away. Of course I didn't want to see him. I didn't even really know him. And yet, he had haunted my dreams the previous night. After second period had passed, I felt my phone buzz in my pocket as I walked to my third class alone. Alice was in English and I was in Geography. I frowned as I fished my phone out of my pocket. I never got texts, except from Charlie when he wanted to remind me about groceries he had forgotten. I flipped open the simple silver mobile to discover a text from an unknown number. Isabella, Meet me at Sam's Diner at four. I'll be waiting. Be safe, Edward C. It just dawned on me that he had began using my real name - Isabella. How did he find that out? I had no classes with him and I certainly didn't tell him. I hadn't even told Alice yet. Crap. I shut the phone with a snap and stowed it in my bag, making sure it was switched off. Wait. How did he get my number!? I never told anyone my number, let alone wrote it down. I was starting to feel sick. This was going too far. I fumbled my way through the next two periods and Alice grabbed me after the fifth and led me to the canteen. Somewhere I never went. "Leave go of me!" I protested, yanking my arm back, my shirt riding up to expose my arm. Alice gasped and stopped short. I blushed and covered my arm quickly, looking away. "Bella Swan!" She almost shrieked "What happened to you?" She demanded, leading me out into the passageway and giving me a stern look. Her short black hair almost radiated anger, sticking up comically, a little navy bow attached neatly on one side. "Nothing," I said defiantly, crossing my arms over my chest. "Are you self-harming?" She said with a shocked look. "No!" I growled. "Just…leave it. Please." Alice sagged, but gave in. She offered me her Kit-Kat and I felt really mean. I offered her a small smile, something I didn't do very often. She hugged me hard before she went home and I felt so…happily happy. The only thing bugging me was the text. Edward's text. There was no way I was going to meet him. I drove home, worrying about what he would think of me now. I didn't want him to hate me; I had seen single-handedly how spiteful he could be. Forget it, I thought and pulled into the driveway of Charlie's house. . . . . Charlie beat me that night. Hard. All because I forgot to wash one little fork that was hidden under a tea towel on the bench. I could barely crawl up to my room that night after I had cleaned up my cuts in the downstairs bathroom. My lip was swollen, my head ached. My stomach was black from bruises and I had sobbed all the way through the clean-up. I didn't usually grizzle over it, but this time really stung. I looked so completely ugly. How could I ever kid myself that someone like Edward would want me? I nearly cried all over again when I found another note on my dressing table that night. Isabella, I'll be outside your house until eleven, please come and talk to me. Don't cry pretty girl, Edward C. My breath hitched as I glanced at the clock. I had half an hour left to decide. It was like something out of a movie. A boy waiting outside for you. Don't let him control you like this. Charlie is bad enough. My brain was being reasonable. I peeped out of the curtain, wincing as my stomach clenched. Across the street under the lone streetlamp, a dark figure stood near the edge of the treeline, smoke rings curling upwards from his lit cigarette and dissipating into the darkness. I didn't know what else to do so I let the curtain drop with a forlorn sigh and then fell onto my bed and sobbed myself into an oblivion. Thanks for reading. I'm sorry if it is progressing too quickly, but I want to get straight in there and not ramble about rubbish. Add me on Facebook - Link on my profile. Leave me your thoughts! Please :) xx