my father Jave said shaking the hand of Edward. "It's funny what you learn after years." he remarked placing his arms around Belle's waist. "This is my wife Belle." I stood as the introduction continue from a distance. Renesmee race in to give me a chick hug while I watch her eyes light up signaling Jacob. He was muscles everywhere. He was not quick to make conversation. Renesmee whispered in his ears to assure him that he was among other werewolves. "Hi." I was happy to hear those words come from Jacob mouths. Everyone had taken their seat as we all waited for Michelle. "Michelle could take another hour our prima Donna, so let's enjoy." grandmother began to past the wine. "Renesmee has talk a lot about you Flower." Edward replied looking over at his daughter smiling. " We actually met at the post office." I remarked. " She was frighten people knew she ran away with someone special and I was writing someone special." " Avoiding emails because it arrive in just a few minutes." Belle said staring with dismay of Renesmee. "The tribe has never been fine with our kind." " Everyone came together to save my life and everyone should be happy for us." Renesmee put her fork down. "What your mother is trying to say?" Edward sighed but interrupted. "No one wants to know how you feel." Jacob gave one look at Edward. I knew that their were a lot of bad emotions between them since Belle. I could read Jacob thoughts and action so well. He lost Belle and Belle had given him someone else to protect. Now Edward wants to take it all away. "Everyone should be eating and arguing make a sour stomach over dinner." Michelle said walking in with her purple dress. Michelle stood still for a moment in her steps. The look on Edward's face was more unexplainable. It was as thou he had seen a ghost. Edward's head shook left to right only slightly. Belle to furious at Jacob comment that no one actual caught Edward's response. Michelle walked as thou she was walking on needles but there was no reason to tiptoe. She pulled the chair from under the table and sat quietly beside Edward. "Not to many people sour but Edward." Jacob said as he cut into the rare steak with a knife. Edward grab his head while Belle took a sip of blood that filled her wine glass. Renesmee was at tears while her eyes filled. Dr. Jave Shehata, my father look at me with a stared. Most of the time I knew that I was doing something wrong when he given me this look. " Please excuse me, I need a breathe of fresh air." Edward said as Belle grab his hands as he stood from the table. This was the time for Michelle to talk to him about staying with Belle. I tap my fork louder on the dinner plate. Michelle looked more frighten than I ever saw her before. She looked at my mother and grandmother. Michelle, my great great grandmother could not fail her own lineage. Michelle stood up and walked out the door to speak to Edward. "Why you did not tell me Edward?" Michelle said standing near Edward looking up at the stars. " Would you understand that we move to Forks and I fell in love with some high school girl." he shook his head as he kept looking up. " All the vampires in the west had wrote books about the child born to a human and a vampire." "You turn me and leave me in New Orleans and Italy was all lies." "You know I could not go back to Vatican if word ever got out." Edward began to cry tears of blood. " I tried leaving her and after I had to decide between both of you I was going to die." "Why didn't you?" Michelle said folding her arms. "Belle came when you refuse me." The noise I made with the door blew my cover that I had followed Michelle outside. I had heard everything without looking into neither one of their past. Edward was Michelle's Edward. It was clear that Italy was a meeting place for both of them. In fact, Edward had lied all this time to Michelle that he was also in Europe. This explain why Michelle rooted for me so hard for Hunter at the Werewolves Counsel. She wanted me to have the one thing she miss most and that was Edward. "My great great grand daughter knows I was in love." Michelle said grabbing a lighter from her bra to light a cigarette. " A man who decides between her new friends mother who been here for years." " Say it." Edward turn to Michelle. " I bind you to me but not me to you and now I am in love with Belle." "Why ask her to go to Italy if Belle's the one woman for you now?" I stood in defense of Michelle. "Didn't I tell you vampire love is repulsive, we long for loves in our past because we never forget them." Michelle said blowing smoke into the air. "Belle needs me." " You lie to me and make believe you still love me." Michelle scream throwing her cigarette into Edward's face. " When was you going to tell me about Belle?" I watched the light of the cigarette that had fallen to the ground light go out. It was not at all Michelle running from Edward but him running away from her. Why after all this obsession to change her to a bird of the night fill in anything for him. I was angry more than I can explain. Renesmee wanted her mother to stay in love with Edward because she is in love with Jacob. Michelle is in love Edward. I knew my father was correct. I thought was solving a problem but it just started.