really was outside. Just a few days earlier, the wind was chilly on my exposed flesh, yet now the world seemed to come back alive as the world warmed. The realizations that I would never feel the wind on my skin, or droplets of rain as the sky clouded over, or ever again run in the snow and make a snow angel, brought me to tears. Edward held me as my tears took over my body again. He took me from the window, back to the bed, rocking me until I was lulled back to sleep. Two days. Two thousand, eight hundred and eighty minutes. I awoke, still securely in Edward's arms. It was the first day I didn't wake up feeling like death was upon me. I wiggled and squirmed. Edward finally released his hold on me and I took small steps, using the wall as my support. I refused to wake him to slave over me another day. As much as I loved and adored that he was caring for me, a stranger, I couldn't be selfish. I wouldn't be. It took me twenty minutes, five stops and three almost-falls to make it across the small hospital room and into the bathroom. I rested my head on the wall, trying to find the courage and strength to get back up and make the trip back to my bed. There was a small knock on the bathroom door. I was sure it was Edward. I stood, slowly pulling my underwear and sweats up. I opened the door, and before me was a shocked and upset-looking Edward. He stepped into the bathroom and wrapped his arms around me for support as I tried to catch my breath again from standing to open the door. He washed my hands and face for me, before he carried me back to the bed. I felt helpless. I was a twenty-six year-old baby. Mid-day, Edward left for food and I cried. I hated that he was someone that cared for me. Not because I asked him to, or he was obligated, but because there was a part of him that wanted to care for me. Maybe he felt sorry for me, or his father told him to do a good deed and support an alone, dying girl on her last leg of life. Either way, I was happy he was there. Having him with me made the week easier. I coughed and let out a moan of pain. I was gagging and my chest, no matter what I did, refused to fill with air. I went light-headed before I felt the tell-tale feeling of an oxygen mask covering my face. The fresh air being blown and forced into my lungs. I opened my eyes and Edward stood over me, holding the mask in place. His eyes were needy, his smile meek. He was hurting because I was hurting. I wanted to tell him to leave. The process would never get better. I was going to die, and he was unnecessarily suffering along with me. I lifted my hand to touch his face as it hovered over mine. I felt my skin touch his as I drifted out. I was in my princess dress again, Edward on my arm. Renee and Charlie stood before us, together and happy. There were smiles all around and little children with my deep brown hair and Edward's fierce green eyes joined us. I was surrounded, engulfed in love; love for a child, love for a friend, love for my own, could-have-been children. I sucked in a deep breath and shook. I blinked once, twice, three times and they were all gone; the children, Charlie, Renee. All that was left was Edward, standing there, holding my hand, keeping me strong. I came to the conclusion six months ago, when Carlisle told me it wouldn't be much longer, that I would die, and that was okay. I had no family. I had no commitments, nobody to love and nobody to love me. I was content living my life and dying with dignity, alone. Suddenly, I feared death. I wanted to stay and be happy and fight. I wanted to fight for another day, or hour or minute with Edward. Unknowing to me, I had forty-two minutes until the big man in the sky called me 'home.' Edward clutched my hand tighter as my breathing became more ragged. Carlisle checked on me, but I shooed him away. I knew if he was there, he would make the process longer. As much as I hated to go, I knew it had to happen. My eyes fluttered closed and I felt Edward's face next to mine. Ten minutes more. I was choking and shaking. When I was able to take a complete breath, it was shallow and forced and I thought my lungs would give in before the air I needed was inhaled and expelled. I lay there, on what would be my death bed, and looked up at Edward. He knew it too. Tears fell from his eyes. I wanted to cry too; for me leaving him, for him having to watch this, but my eyes wouldn't let the tears form and fall. I wasn't sure how that week, being the death of me, turned into the best week I had ever lived. I was loved by a stranger, who chose to care for me. I was comforted and soothed, so my last moments would be happy, instead of alone and for my mind only. I would be remembered by him. He would be someone who could allow me to live on, even after death. I took a ragged breath, coughing at the exhale. I sucked in three short, strained breaths, never taking my eyes from his. He leaned closer. Our noses touched. His fingertips grazed the fragile skin of my face. "Bella, I love you." I felt his lips touch mine. We softly kissed as the world around me went black. fin