little while longer. She always had a way of making me feel better about myself when no one else could. Her attitude was contagious. That night after I went to bed, I laid awake for a long while thinking about everything. I'd spent almost a whole month feeling sorry for myself. It was time for a change. Both of my parents had taught me to make the best of a bad situation, and what I was doing was just the opposite. There were so many untapped opportunities here. I decided I'd had enough of the pity party. I was done being a selfish downer. Starting tomorrow, I'd be a brand new me. I woke up Friday morning excited for the day. I wasn't always the world's most chipper person, but I was usually happy to get up and out of the house because it meant I got to see my friends again. I skipped down the stairs for breakfast and kissed Mom's cheek as she gave me a bowl of cereal. "I love you, Mom. You know you're the best." She smiled. "Thanks, honey. What happened to you?" I shrugged. "Can't a girl be happy?" "I told you," Eli piped in. "She has a crush on a boy." I stuck my tongue out at him. "I talked to Aunt Leah last night. I've been such a pain in the ass the last few weeks, and I've decided to stop. I'm going to be happy about all this." Mom raised her eyebrows. "Well, I'm glad to hear it." Dad was just as pleasantly surprised by my new attitude. "It's about damn time you cheered up." I gave him a look. But he was right, so I didn't say anything. I paid extra attention to my clothes as I got dressed and ready to go. I wore a cute jean skirt and a yellow top that looked particularly good on me. After putting on some makeup, I braided my hair and found my heels, then I went downstairs to meet Mom and Eli. "You look so cute today!" Jennifer all but squealed when I saw her at our locker. I smirked. "Thanks." "I've never seen you all dolled up before. Is there a special occasion?" I shrugged. "Not really. I just got tired of being a sourpuss." She nodded. "We should get together sometime for makeovers." She seemed way too excited about that idea. I held my hands up. "Hold on there, tiger. No makeovers for me; there's only so much priss I can handle." I could only imagine Jennifer's idea of a makeover. I preferred mine and Hannah's version. Maybe a new outfit, we'd do each other's makeup and paint each other's nails. We'd laugh at each other and make jokes about how stupid we looked with our untrimmed eyebrows or freckles or anything else we could make fun of. It was only more hilarious when one of us had a few pimples. Jennifer was bound to be more inclined to waxing and primping and blush and all kinds of way-too-damn-girly shit. She pouted. "That's no fun." "Get used to it. We're going to be late to class." I took my things and started to walk toward my first class. I heard her sigh behind me and shut the locker. Throughout the day, I shocked a number of people by actually talking to them. I discovered the faux redhead who sat next to me in biology was named Kaitlyn. She was kind of shy but seemed nice. At lunch, I made an effort to be a part of the conversation. I usually sat with Jennifer and the rest, but kept to myself unless someone spoke directly to me. This time, I put in my two cents when I had them to give. I noticed Kyle smiling at me a lot. I smiled back and went on munching my pizza. It made me happy to see others dipping theirs in ranch dressing. When I was younger, I didn't like it so much but I did it just to see Dad make a gross face. It had grown on me, and now I loved it. I stayed with the group after we'd finished eating. We occupied a large section of the hall, just sitting on the floor and chatting until it was time to go back to class. "So you're coming tomorrow, right?" I looked over to see Kyle had sat down beside me. I nodded. "Yeah, I guess. I don't have any presents for you." He shrugged. "That's okay." My brow furrowed. "Why did you want to invite me? You don't know me that well." "Maybe I want to get to know you more." I raised an eyebrow. Boy, did he know how to gag a maggot. "Do you realize how cliché that sounds?" He chuckled. "I don't mean it like that. I just meant that I like to have friends and know my friends. You're new, and I figured if you were friends with Jennifer and Lily, you should be friends with me, too." His blond hair had fallen in front of his eyes, and I had such an urge to push it back so I could see them. I made my fingers stay put on my lap because that was just way too personal a gesture. "Well, if you cut your hair maybe I'll give you a chance." He laughed again and pushed it back for me. "I can't do that, I'm sorry. What if I keep it out of my eyes?" "I guess that'll work." "Awesome." He grinned. I hadn't realized until how wide open a smile he had. It was one of those confident, friendly, reassuring, possibly even cute smiles. I kind of liked it. A/N: Thanks so much for reading and giving this story a chance! Please remember to leave a review and let me know your thoughts. I plan to update once a week for the time being. That may very well change. We'll see. :)