her bra. For a few minutes, I just stared at her beauty. Yes, she was too thin, too tired from sorrow, but she was beautiful. I traced her stomach and moved slowly up to her breasts. I stroked them, squeezing gently, flicking at the nipples which hardened under my touch. I smiled. Her responsiveness always thrilled me, heightening my own. I bent forward to capture a nipple in my mouth, suckling it while I played with the other, never letting up on my touching. She moaned, as I released it, but sighed when I switched, taking the other nipple in my mouth. "Oh, baby, that feels so damn good." "Mmmm," I said, suckling harder. Her hands roamed my body, sliding down and rubbing me through my pants. I groaned. With one hand, I pressed her hand harder against me, urging her to continue. She gave a triumphant little laugh and squeezed me more. "Edward, please, please make love to me. I can't stand it." I might regret this tomorrow, I thought, but the thought flew away as I swept her into my arms and walked down the hall to my bedroom. Tomorrow could take care of itself. For now, we were together, and I felt whole for the first time in a very long year. I laid Bella on my bed, and began to remove her clothes. I admired each piece of her I revealed to my hungry gaze. I stroked her everywhere, teasing her clit, sticking one finger inside her to feel her warm wetness. I stood back and just looked for a long time, until she began to squirm under my gaze. "Please." I chuckled. "Are you eager?" "Yes, damn it, hurry!" I threw my clothes off much faster than I'd removed Bella's, and climbed on the bed, taking her body against mine. "You feel so fucking good," I said, "and you're so damn beautiful." "So are you." I kissed her then. How many times had she said that to me? I continued to kiss, moving down her body, stopping at her breasts, moving to her stomach and down to her pussy, savoring the scent and taste of her. "Mmm, you still taste as delicious as you ever did." I spoke the words against her clit, and let my tongue flick out to it, circling and sucking till she was crying out and gasping my name. Kneeling, I looked at her, face flushed, eyes wide, filled with desire and lust. "Are you ready for me?" "Yes!" "Hang on, this probably isn't going to be gentle." I slid into her, and my own gasp of pleasure blended with hers. I was home. In Bella, surrounded by her, warm and wet and wonderful. "Oh, Bella, Bella." I started to move, slowly at first, then building to a pounding rhythm. Her legs wrapped around me, and she met me thrust for thrust, eager as I. "Too long, it's been too long." I didn't know who was saying what anymore. I only knew this was everything. She was here, I was in her, and nothing could be better than this. I felt my climax coming, and I reached down to play with Bella's clit. "Come on, love, come for me. Let it happen. Let me feel you tight and hot around my cock." I pinched her clit once more, and her orgasm crashed over her. She screamed and that was my undoing. I came, crying out my own release, feeling the wonder of it through every part of me. I clutched her to me, wishing I need never separate my body from hers. At last, her legs relaxed, and I slid carefully out of her. I turned to take her in my arms. "I love you," she said. "I love you, too." I untangled myself from Bella and stood up. "Where you going?" "I'm just gonna go let Penny Lane in. She'll cry all night if she's shut out of the bedroom." "Penny Lane. That's so you." Penny rushed in as soon as I opened the door. She looked around, gave Bella her doggy grin and curled up on her bed. Smiling, I slid back in bed and gathered Bella in my arms, spooning her against me. "I know we have a lot to work through," Bella said, "But—" "Hush, don't worry about that. Tomorrow is soon enough to start working it out. For now, you're here, and if you're not going away, that's all I need to know." "I'm not going away. I promise." "Then just lie here in my arms, and go to sleep. You are so tired, and now you can rest." "Mmmm. That sounds so good." I kissed her hair. "Sleep now, my Bella. You're safe. I'll be here when you wake up." "Okay." She was barely awake, and I smiled contentedly at the sleepy tone. "Edward?" "Yes, Bella?" "Meet me under the mistletoe?" "It's a date." I made the promise, and I knew I would always mean it. Sighing, she snuggled closer and fell asleep. I tightened my arms around her, almost afraid she'd disappear before the light of day. This all could still be a dream, I thought. I laid my cheek against hers and pulled her closer. Dream or real, this was heaven. Everything I could ever want was here in my arms. Every wish and dream had come true. Christmas Eve was a magical time, just as Lily had said. "Good night, my love," I whispered the words against her hair. "Merry Christmas." Thump went Penny's tail. She sighed and laid her head back on her paws. I drifted into sleep, finally at peace. The End A/N I may be expanding this story. It falls in with a story that's been in my head, perculating for a bit now. What do you all think? I'm in a much better place for writing again, not exhausted this year! Please review. And may you all have the very happiest of holidays. I love you all. Sherry