next to her as the driver shut the door and then got in and drove us to the Cadillac Palace where the Phantom of the Opera was playing. "I'm so excited to see this play with you, baby. I've never met anyone who liked it as much as I did," I told her as the limo came to a stop. "Me either." I stepped out and reached my hand out for her to take and she placed her small hand in mine. I couldn't wait to see my ring on her hand later, well of course she'll have to say yes first. We entered the theater and we were shown to our seats. I could tell how excited she was as she took in all the sights. As the play started, I watched her face and smiled at all the emotions I saw reflected there. She caught me a few times watching her and I smiled over at her. It seemed like the play flew by and it was time to head to our hotel. "Edward, thank you so much for tonight. I loved everything," she said as she kissed me. "Tonight's not over, baby. We are staying at the Ritz and we'll watch the fireworks over Navy Pier and then I'll make love to my beautiful girlfriend to bring in the New Year." She nodded as she leaned her head on my shoulder. I let her rest for a bit as my thoughts ran through my head. I was nervous and I hoped she wouldn't notice. The driver pulled up in front of the hotel and got our bags out and then opened the door for me. I stepped out and then helped Bella out, I gave the driver a tip and then picked up our bags as we walked inside. I walked us up to the desk and checked in. I got our key and I lead her to the elevator. Once in the elevator I pulled her to me and kissed her, "I can't wait to get you in the room." "Mmm... me either," she murmured against my lips. The elevator opened and I lead her down the hallway towards our room. I opened the door and let her step inside. She looked around the room and smiled back at me, "This is gorgeous." "I'm glad you like it," I said as I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her. I had the hotel staff put some candles around the room and put some flowers around the room and a bottle of champagne on ice. "Do you have plans for us?" she asked. "Oh yes," I said with a smirk as I turned her to me. "I plan on us watching the fireworks to bring in the New Year and then I'm going to make love to you." "I like that plan," she said as she pulled my face down to hers and she kissed me deeply. I walked us over to the balcony doors and I opened them as the first firework streamed across the sky and erupted in an array of colors. I saw her smile as I moved back inside to grabbed the champagne and glasses. "Baby, I know neither of us like to drink but I think this night deserves to be celebrated," I told her as I pour us each a glass as she looked up at the sky. The colors illuminating her skin and sparkling in her eyes. I handed her a glass and she smiled. "Thank you," she said as she took a small sip. "Your welcome." I had my hand in my pocket, holding the ring box in my hand waiting the right moment to ask her. The fireworks continued, getting louder and closer together and I knew that it was time. I moved back from her and got down on my knee beside her as she turned to look at me. "Edward," she said as her hand flew to her mouth. "Isabella, I love you with all my heart, and with everything within me. I know this may seem sudden, but I cannot see my life without you in it. I have never been so in love with anyone as I am with you. Will you marry me and make the happiest man on earth?" I opened the box, the held a square cut diamond ring with a braided band with diamonds throughout. She looked down at the box and then back at me as tears formed in her eyes. I could hear my heart pounding in my eyes as I waited for her reply. She shook her head yes, before she said the words I've been waiting to hear. "Yes, I'll marry you," she said as I stood up and took the ring from the box. I slipped it onto her finger and brought them up to my lips and kissed them. I took her into my arms and kissed her deeply as I walked us backwards into the hotel room. I stopped us by the bed and looked into her deep brown eyes, "I love you so much, baby." "I love you too, Edward," she said as she reached her hands up to my jacket and pushed it off my shoulders. I reached around her and found her zipper and I slowly lowered it and watched as she shimmied out of it. Once her dress was off, I lifted her up and laid her on the bed as I took the rest of my clothes off. I got onto the bed and then crawled over her, I nudged her legs apart as I settled between them. Slowly I pushed inside her and she moaned softly. "Mmm... yes," she murmured as we moved together. I loved the sounds she made as we made love. Together we worked our way towards the pinnacle of ecstasy. I couldn't wait to start the new year with my fiancee and see where this new journey would take us.