ex-husband's playtime cabin up for auction to raise money for a cause near and dear to my heart. As well, I did it to piss him off. He's one of those assholes who believe that feelings are for the weak and those who have too many feelings should just suck it up. Well, the only sucking that gets done these days is by him, as he works janitorial services at the Matsqui Institution in Abbotsford where he's serving 10 to 15 years for embezzlement. I divorced him and took him for whatever was leftover after the government took its share. I loved your essays and I'm dying to know more. More about you, more about your cats and more about your budding romance. I need a friend like you with a wicked sense of humour. All of Charles' (the ex) friends were boring planks, bigger than sticks in the mud. I, too, have a new man in my life. Carlisle. I'm sixty-three and he's forty-four. He surfs and he needs large-sized board shorts, if you know what I mean. Please call and promise you'll visit. 604-555-1102 Your new bosom friend, Esme Platt PS: I don't understand the word gotchies . Could you explain? Dear Miss Platt, Thank you for your very kind letter letting me know that I didn't win the house. It was the sweetest, kindest rejection I've ever received. Much nicer than the folks at Chatelaine magazine when you send them unsolicited recipes, that is. I feel I've learned so much about you, I would be proud to call you a friend. And to answer your question, yes, I'm staying in Vancouver. I've found a reason to stay and a group to stay with. Turns out Edward had been stalking the scents coming from my place and huffing the yummy (his words, NOT mine) every time he walked by with his dogs. He works in the film industry behind the scenes. He started as a python wrangler, which is nowhere near as smutty a job as it was in my imagination. Then he worked boom (big fuzzy microphone, I had to look it up) for a few films and TV shows. But what he'd really like to do is be a Foley artist, otherwise known as a sound effects guy. Whatever floats your boat, I guess. He, with much encouragement, has stopped practising weird sounds at odd times and especially in bed. I'm in love with his dogs. Much to my surprise, so are Alice and Jasper. Emmett is a Scotch-poo, a mix between a Scottie and a poodle. That means he looks like a Scottie but has softer fur with a waviness to it. Rosalie is an apricot miniature poodle. Pure-bred, but a rescue. Edward found her in an alley, abandoned and injured. He took her home and fixed her up. She's a bit haughty with people she doesn't know but so loyal to Edward. She just loves Emmett to pieces. Edward said she was still a bit scared of him and growly before he brought Emmett home. She peed in his shoes and even ate his pillow once. However, one look at the fluffy bastard and she was dancing around Edward and licking whatever she could reach. She's been good as gold with Edward ever since. It takes a secure man to own a miniature poodle and be proud of it. That's one of the things that led me to fall in love with Edward. He's a good man, hard working but playful, smart and kind. We hang out with a lot of his friends and they are a delightfully strange group. I fit right in. We started dating just a couple of weeks after Alice's heist was revealed. First a coffee date (he prefers non-organic, full cream and refined white sugar), then a lunch. After a couple of romps in Stanley Park with his dogs and cosy dinners at my place with my cats, the romance really took off. His place is smaller so we hang at mine mostly. Emmett and Jasper play fight and wrestle while Alice grooms Rosalie. I have no idea what's in store for me or for us, but I think it will be fine from now on. Yours truly, Bella Swan PS: Yes, sorry I forgot to clarify before, gotchies is a homegrown thing my mum used to say. It mean underwear. It's Ukrainian in origin, I think. Gitch is another phrase but gotchies work best for me. Apparently it's not manly to call them undies or panties, Edward informed me of this last time we did laundry. He got right huffy, too. Dear Esme, I really enjoyed meeting you for coffee the other day. I felt as though I was reuniting with an old friend rather than meeting an acquaintance. And to answer your question, yes Edward and I would love to come up to Galiano Island to visit. The dates you suggested are perfect, Edward is in-between gigs and Chef Black's book is finished. Thank you for the tips. You were right, honey is a much better sweetener for baking than agave syrup. This may be too much information for you, but I doubt it because your other letter to me was chock-a-block with cursing and colourful language about your ex-husband and the reasons you decided to give away his dream home, but I'm going to cover my ass just in case you let your new boyfriend read this. Hey Carlisle, heard alot about you, Big Boy . Anyway, just so you know, I am now a python wrangler too, the fun kind. So worth the wait, let me tell you. Have I ever told you, Esme, just how much I love living in Vancouver? See you soon, Bella PS: He's moving in when we get back from your place. Yay, me! AN: This story is based on a news article out of New Zealand and my sister's condo. And my own twisted imagination. Thank you for reading.