His broad shoulders rise and fall as he draws a deep breath. "You're so beautiful ," he says, his voice filled with awe. "After a while I was sure I'd exaggerated it in my mind, but . . . no. You're exactly as I remember you. Perfect." I approach him slowly; something about him makes me cautious. Why won't he look at me? "You thought of me?" I ask. "Every night. Every day." "M-me too." I sit down next to him, reaching out to place my hand on his shoulder. He's solid. Real. Alive . I choke back a sob, but he notices, turning around and throwing his arms around me, tucking my head beneath his chin. The dam inside me breaks, and I crumble in his embrace. I've been brave for so long, never allowing myself to grieve for him, always being the strong one. I cry and cry, faintly feeling him lifting me onto his lap. I dig my fingers into the thick fabric of his coat, holding on for dear life. In the quiet of my room, he holds me, letting me fall apart in his arms. "Y-you're really here," I manage after a while. "You came b-back." He wipes my face with his sleeve, and I do my best to calm down. "I never forgot. How could I?" he murmurs. "After everything that happened and the war ending, I wanted to write to you, but . . . I figured the honest thing would be to let you see me and then decide if . . . if you might . . . still . . . Please, Isabella, won't you say something?" "About what?" Exhaling deeply, he turns his head. "Oh." With a shaking hand, I reach up to caress the fresh scars that run down the side of his face and neck. He shivers lightly at my touch, and I hope I'm not hurting him. "I'm not the same as I was." No, he isn't, but it has nothing to do with his face. It's in his eyes. He has seen things. Things that change a person. But so have I. "I didn't notice," I whisper. "It doesn't matter." He looks straight at me, lifting up his left hand. "And this?" he asks, his voice tight. I bring my palm up to his, linking my five fingers with his three. "You were already more than capable with the use of just one hand, as far as I remember. With milking cows and . . . other things." He stares at me, seemingly stunned. Then, the most miraculous thing happens: He breaks into a grin. It's so very familiar, and it's . . . everything. He's still in there, the roguish youth who cursed like a sailor, grabbed my chest, flirted shamelessly, and made me fall desperately in love with him in just two days. I will bring him back to life. "So, you aren't married?" Edward asks, gazing down upon me. "No." He leans closer. "Engaged?" I shake my head. "You have a steady fellow?" I laugh, feeling truly happy for the first time ever. "No!" "Then it wouldn't be too forward of me to ask for a kiss, would it?" "No, it wouldn't." "And after a lot of kisses . . . if I were to ask for your hand?" "It's yours," I whisper, blinking back the tears in my eyes. "Hand, heart, every part of me. It's yours." His lips are as soft as I remember, his kisses igniting fire underneath my skin as we cling, rediscovering each other. "I love you," he says, holding my face between his hands. "Whatever happens next, you decide. We can stay here or go to England or even go with Emmett to America. I don't care as long as we're together." America! I have always wanted to go to discover its wonders. And to do so with Edward by my side . . . I could think of nothing more glorious. "Do we have to decide right away?" "No. I'll only ask one decision of you tonight." He scrambles off the bed, helping me up in a sitting position. He kneels down in front of me, his eyes drawn to my chest. I look down, blushing as I realize I'm unbuttoned and nearly exposed, courtesy of his wandering hands. He grins at me, shaking his head, and I can't help but laugh. I hope he never changes. Reaching into his pocket, he presents me with a ring. "Marry me?" he whispers, his face a picture of hope and nerves. Saying yes to hiding Edward for the Resistance turned out to be the best decision I'd ever made. Until now. "Yes." British pilots who were shot down over Denmark were often helped by the locals, who hid them from the Nazis until they could get to Sweden, which was a neutral country during the war. This was also where the Jewish citizens fled to. The Danish government received a warning about the Nazis' plans and was able to get most of them sailed to Sweden with the help of brave fishermen from Copenhagen. The part about the treatment of the girls who went with German soldiers is also true. I think it's pretty obvious from my depiction of it that I don't approve of their punishment, but I can also understand why the people in most occupied countries in Europe reacted as they did after the war was over, and the only ones to take their anger out on were the girls left behind. Everything about rations is also true, although Denmark wasn't nearly as severely affected as some other European countries during WWII. Anyway, that's enough History lesson for one day. :) I might write their wedding night at one point (since they got cheated out of their first time) so put the story on alert just in case. Oh, and Crossing the Lines chapter 28 will be up this weekend. Thank you for reading!