you advertising for where your dad works?" she fires off, her words dripping disdain and sarcasm. I'm wearing my green "Crown Bowling Supply" shirt. Retro was all the rage back in Phoenix, and this just might be the coolest shirt I own. Or at least, it was when I wasn't in the land of western bumblefuck with a side of ass backward. Everyone here will probably be wearing them after I've gone off to college, or popped out a few kids or something, and I'm dying to retort, "I guess you guys aren't ready for this yet. But your kids are gonna love it," a la Marty McFly in "Back to the Future". But I don't. Instead, I drop my eyes to the floor, and through my lashes, I can see Bitch Face's smirk. She knows. How the fuck do they always know? Is there a secret handshake for the popular club? A tattoo? Do they all have the fucking dark mark on their forearms? What is it? If we normal people could just figure it out, we could break in undetected, but somehow, I don't think that's going to happen today. And why, why did I look down? Why can't I maintain eye contact and say the things I'm thinking? Why do I always have to collapse in on myself? Fuck! My cheeks are on fire as I stammer, "No, I—" "Nah, she's Chief Charlie's long-lost kid. That must be her own part-time job," Ken doll fires off, earning an approving look from Bubbly. "Does Daddy need some extra money, now that he has an extra mouth to feed?" Bitch Face asks with a smile, and now the whole group is grinning and elbowing each other. "No, you fucktard, I don't have a job, my dad is just fine, and this shirt is awesome. It's you morons who are behind the times and clueless." But the words stick in my throat like they always do, and instead I just shake my head as tears well in my eyes. I need to leave. Now. I turn on my heel amid the laughter and exit the caf with as much dignity as I can—I don't even look to see who else might be staring. Disgusted with myself and my pathetic attempt to fit in, I dump my tray in the trashcan by the door. I hate veggie burgers! What the hell was I thinking? I should have known those bitches would see right through me! If only I'd had the confidence to pull it off and come back with some snappy retort so they'd know I wasn't to be fucked with. Dammit ! I spend the rest of lunch in the bathroom, swearing at myself and spilling angry tears … and accepting my fate. I'm not going to be one of the popular ones at this school. I had my chance, and I blew it. Now I'll have to try to figure out where else I can fit in— if I can fit in. I cringe at the thought of being an outcast. High school is hard enough even when you're not a pariah. PE is miserable—Bitch Face and Bubbly spend most of the period pointing and laughing at me, although even I have to admit my attempts at volleyball are ridiculous. At least, this isn't news. French and physics pass by in a blur as I try to regroup and put myself together. Butterfly smiles at me again, but she must have seen the event in the cafeteria because she seems to know better than to approach me today. Maybe tomorrow I'll try to talk to her. Finally, I make it to the end of this disaster of a day, and I almost take a full breath as I shove my books into my locker. I just want to go home, forget this ever happened, and start over tomorrow trying to befriend the people I should have looked for in the first place. I slam my locker door but nearly jump into the next county as I spy Gorgeous tossing his books into his own locker three down from mine. He closes the door, and I know the instant he feels my open-mouthed stare. He rivets me to the floor with those vibrant green eyes of his. Is he really about to speak to me? Could this day actually turn out okay? He looks surprised and almost panicked for a second, but then two other junior boys walk by, one of them bumping his shoulder. His lips part, but his smile isn't angelic, it's leering and wicked. "So, you struck out today, eh, Bowling Girl? Maybe tomorrow you'll figure out where you belong—the losers aren't hard to spot around here." The eavesdropping boys chuckle and Gorgeous laughs—his voice is even more fluid and velvet than I'd imagined, but the sound and the words are so hateful that, for a moment, it doesn't compute and I just let him saunter away as I gaze after him, my jaw still on the floor. Fuck my life. Gorgeous is an asshole too. A/N: Thank you for reading! Skin Deep will post once a week initially, and then I'll likely up it to twice a week after I finish writing the entire story. This story is currently 75% pre-written, and I always finish what I start, so don't fear the WIP! I have a Facebook group where I'll be posting pictures and teasers as the story goes on. Just search for "Shadow Fics" on Facebook, and you'll find us! This story wouldn't exist without a number of wonderful friends who support, encourage, and occasionally kick my ass (this is also known as pre-reading): Belynda Smith, Jennifer Davis, and Planetblue. Alice's White Rabbit has the same responsibilities, but she also keeps my punctuation in line and beats back my use of "that" with zeal (aka beta). Thank you so much, ladies, for all you do. It means the world to me. See you next week!