from her and I tumbled off her, nearly losing my balance and falling off the fucking bed. "Hey! What the fuck?" I was unjustly pissed. I had forgotten about her brother. She grabbed the money and threw it in my fucking face, I scrambled to catch it all; still a little out of my mind. "You need to go, now! " "What? Why? Can't you just go check on him then come back?" I asked, a tad imploring. It was too fucking late to find another booty call...well, that wasn't true. Any bitch would come running with one call. But dammit I wanted her. Not a fucking second-rate substitute. She shot me a withering glare. "No. Mai la ! What is wrong with you? I shouldn't have even done this. It was wrong." she shoved me forward, toward the door. "Thank you for the weed—it was fantastic. Really. And, also, for whatever that was." she waved distractedly to the crumpled bed. "But don't expect to come back or for it to happen again. You're far to distracting, and I can't afford distractions right now. Good bye, Edward. You know where the front door is." Then she was gone, disappearing through the hall to the living room. My dick was twitching, screaming for me to go after her. I nearly did, but thought fucking better of it. Edward Cullen did not beg or chase. I grumbled to myself, resigned in finding another fuck. I flipped my phone open, scrolling through my contact until I landed on Jessica. I paused at the front door, hearing hushed voices; one pained and croaky, the other guilty and throaty. I hit the green button, she picked up on the first goddamn ring. "Hey, Edward!" her shrill voice made me wince, my ears instinctively warding it off. "I'm coming pick you up. Meet me at the curve." I clicked the phone shut then after hearing a soft, throaty voice say, "Beau, I'm so sorry...Who's here? No one important...Come here, frère... That's it rest. I'll sing—" I slammed the door, rougher than necessary, and stumped to my Volvo. (Bella) I loathed myself. I was a terrible sister, no scratch that, I was a terrible human being. Making out like a slutty teenager, locked up in my room with a stranger while my brother was suffering in the living room; calling my name for God knows how long. I apologized about a thousand times before I even knelt down next to him. "Shh," I soothed my whizzing, shaking brother; caressing the stubble on his head. "Hush, my frère— my beautiful soul. I'm here." I hadn't heard the front door close yet, I wondered what Edward was doing. He needed to leave before I forced him, it would undoubtably get ugly if I had to. I apologized for the millionth time to Beau. Beau shook his head weakly. "Who's here?" he asked ultrasonically, I barely caught it. "Who's here?" I repeated, he half nodded; his eyes shut tightly. I hated lying to him, but I was too ashamed of myself to confess. "No one important." He winced, gasping in pain. "Come here, frère, " I said, reaching for him and wrapping my arms around his quaking shoulders. He rested his head on my shoulder, some of the tension leaving his body. "That's it rest." I said, soothingly rubbing his back. "I'll sing—" We both jumped from the slamming of a door sounding through the house like a nuclear bomb. My brother groaned, breathing shallowly. Anguished pain twisted his face; pale skin stretching over sharp bone till I feared it would ripe. Fury shot through my veins—Edward was going to pay for that. He was going to go through as much pain as he had just caused my brother. Soon, but not yet. My priority was Beau. "Hush, my frère, I'm here." I hummed and rocked him for a while until his breathing became somewhat normal and his convulsions lessoned. I leaned over slightly with him still in my arms and grabbed his orange pill bottle and water. I shook a pill onto my palm and sat back. "Here, take this." He peeked through crusty eyes, then took the medicine; gulping down water. I placed the water and orange bottle back on the coffee table, grabbing the damp cloth and covering the back of his neck with it. He sighed and laid his head on my shoulder. I leaned back against the fluffy armrest and began to sing... "Hush, my love, my beautiful soul. The birds sing just for you. And so shall I. I am here. Never moving. Your rock, your solid haven. Never fear the dark, for I shall be your light. I will fight and bear your pain as my own. Hold me tight, my dear, beautiful soul. My love, free yourself. Leave the pain and come with me to a peaceful place. Sleep and rest, tomorrow shall be new day." Once I heard Beau's light snoring, I sobbed quietly. I had absolutely no idea how to help my brother. I felt so helpless and alone; the high washed completely out of my system. I wanted to scream, I wanted to fight, to take action...do something. Anything other than doing nothing but singing and sobbing. I wanted to pour what little strength I had into Beau and take in his cancer. I would bear it with a smile if I never had to see my brother suffer ever again. I hated whoever was up in the heavenly skies with great passion. If there was any great Creator, they were one sick bastard. As I said before, I loathed myself. Fils de Pute - Son of a bitch! Perverti - Pervert Soeur - Sister Frère - Brother Le Petite - Little One Merde - Shit Bonjour - Hello Merci - Thank You Mon dieu - My God! Oh dieu - Oh God! Casse-Couille- Pain in the ass Je t'emmerde, trouduc! - Screw you, asshole! Baise-moi - Fuck me!