a mermaid?" "I did not say that," she said, handing the charm back to Jasper. Jasper shook his head and closed her slim fingers around the charm: "It was a gift." "Thank you," the girl murmured. "What are you?" Jasper pressed. "I am from the sea," she said, her eyes glinting almost mischievously as she fastened the string around her neck. "A sea gypsy?" "You are putting words in my mouth," she admonished softly. "I have told you all you need to know - I am from the sea." Jasper nodded slowly. He did not know what to think of the mysterious girl. In all likelihood she was probably nothing more than a sea gypsy but this wan creature looked nothing like the nautical vagrants he had encountered before. The young woman before him looked as beautiful and spoke as regally as a siren princess washed straight out of a fairy tale. "What is your name?" "Isabella," she answered. "Well Isabella, my name is Jasper," he smiled gently. "I am the royal vizier to His Highness Edward, King of Kings and Emperor of Persia." Though the young woman nodded, Jasper suspected those names meant little to her. "You need food and rest," he continued. "I can take you to the palace where you will be cared for." "I would not want to burden you," she said. "I can find a ship that will take me home in the morning." "Never, Isabella," he said. "It would be an honor if your presence graced the king's court." "Then I will be happy to accept," she replied graciously. The vizier nodded and helped the girl to her feet. She gripped Jasper's arm tightly to keep herself from falling but her knees buckled after a few steps and she crumpled to the ground. "Isabella!" Jasper gasped, kneeling at her side. "I'm afraid I am not used to walking anymore," she muttered. Jasper pulled the young woman into his arms and smiled kindly at her: "All you had to do was ask for my help." Isabella rested calmly in the vizier's arms until she saw the horses. Jasper felt immediately how rigid the young woman's body became. "What's wrong?" "I do not trust those things," Isabella said, her brilliant eyes scanning the creatures with suspicion. "Both ends are treacherous." "Don't worry," he chuckled. "I will not let it hurt you." The vizier helped Isabella onto his horse and then climbed up behind her, wrapping a protective arm around her waist and pulling her tightly into his chest. As they rode slowly back to the palace, Jasper suddenly remembered the king's orders. His heart sunk in his chest and despair clouded his countenance. Almost as if she could sense his anguish, Isabella looked over her shoulder at the vizier. "What is it, Jasper?" "I had forgotten that I am a dead man," he said, smiling sadly at the young woman. "Why is that?" "King Edward was betrayed by his first wife and his descent into madness has cost one hundred and fifty lives," he explained. "Every evening he marries a woman from his harem and every morning he has her exiled." If Isabella was shocked, she did not show it. "This morning he sent the last woman in his harem to die in the desert and ordered me to find another or face execution. That is why he cannot see you and why, after tonight, you will not see me again." "Then you do not intend for me to marry him?" Isabella asked. Jasper's shocked voice came over her shoulder: "Of course not! Isabella, I did not save you just to let you die." "But you did save me Jasper," she protested, "and that means my life is yours. I give it to you freely." There was silence behind her. "I can save you if I marry the king," she pressed. "No," Jasper said shortly. "I could not live with myself if I let you do that." ++++++++ Jasper and his escorted reach the palace just as dusk devoured the last glowing rays of the setting sun. On the vizier's orders, the escort were gathered closely around him to keep prying eyes from noticing the cloaked figure in front of him. They rode into the stables and Jasper quickly leapt off his horse. He turned to help Isabella down but, to his surprise, she landed softly beside him, already surer on her feet. With a quick ring of a bell Jasper summoned a pair of servants to whisk Isabella away to the innermost sanctum of the palace: the harem. "Even the king cannot enter the boundaries of the harem," Jasper said as the servants surrounded her. "As long as he doesn't know you're there, you will be safe." "Don't do this, Jasper," she protested. "I can save you. I promise you he will not exile me." "He has not spared one woman no matter her beauty," he countered. "You will be as good as dead by tomorrow if you marry him." "If his heart is as troubled as you say it is, beauty is not what he seeks," she persisted. "I can at least give you one more day. Please let me repay my debt to you!" "No!" Jasper cried. "I will not let you die!" "I won't," she said firmly. "Take her to the harem and do not let her leave," Jasper commanded, ignoring Isabella's pleas. The two servants wrapped their arms through Isabella's in an attempt to lead her away but the young woman held her ground. Hi! Welcome to my story. My name is Kate and I have been a twilight fan since 2009 and a fanfiction reader since 2013. I had tried to write stories before but I was never able to finish one. I had already pre- written about 20 chapters and I already have the ending map out. I hope you all like it. Writing this had been therapeutic to my very busy and odd life. Please review. Thank you.