dark robes swishing as they disappear to a back room. Soon, we are alone—well, aside from Alec, Felix, and Demetri—and Aro gestures for me to continue. "I'd like to propose a deal," I say, although this deal is most certainly not one that I intend to keep. Aro looks even more amused, but nods. "I offer you access to my powers—" "Yes?" Aro exclaims. "—in exchange for my freedom," I finish. Felix scoffs behind me, but Aro looks surprised. "And how, exactly, would that work?" Aro asks. "When you need my powers for something, I help you. Otherwise, I am free to do—and go—as I please." "Well, that is very generous of you," Aro says. "But I'm afraid I must decline. Unfortunately, my dear, I don't trust you to return." I swallow, and feel my strength slipping through my fingers, my last bit of confidence shattered. "My family will come for me," I tell him. "As soon as they realize you have me, they will come." Aro nods. "I'm sure." "We've been preparing for this for four years," I say. Aro nods again. He says nothing, but looks at me, calculating. "What to do, what to do . . ." "Aro," I whisper, giving up the act. I feel tears forming in the back of my throat. I'm choking on them. "Please. Please don't do this to me." My voice cracks towards the end. The entire room is silent. "I couldn't . . . I couldn't stand it," I murmur. "Please, Aro." I sink down to my knees, and the tears finally spill from my eyes, coming down my cheeks in torrents. "Alec, take Renesmee to her room," Aro says. He doesn't even look at me. Sobs tear from my chest. "Aro, please!" I scream. "Please!" He turns away, disappearing into the dark shadows in the back of my room. Cold hand grab the tops of my arms, and then all sensations disappear once again only this time, I'm grateful. To my disappointment, it doesn't last long, and I soon find myself in a large, cold room, sitting on a wrought iron bed with small metal flowers and dark red porcelain-looking Alec is standing in front of the bed, expression blank, eyes shrouded in darkness. His skin is perfect—slightly olive-toned, yet somehow still porcelain-looking—and his hair is dark, wavy, falling across his forehead. He doesn't meet my gaze. I wipe at my tearstained cheeks, watching him. "There's food in the kitchen," he says, in a forced pleasant tone, and gestures to a kitchen area behind him. "And clothing in the closet. I'm not sure if it is your size, though—Aro had it purchased years ago, when this entire thing began. He'll send someone to buy more clothes, if you'd like. I assume that someone will be checking in periodically, and Aro won't stand for any misdemeanor, so I would—" "Look at me," I say, quietly. Tears are still falling from my eyes steadily, but I don't care. I need someone, anyone, to look at me; not through me, not behind me, not over me. At me. Alec freezes, but doesn't turn. "Look at me," I say again, and, although I'd been hoping to sound strong, or forceful, my voice cracks. He does. Warily, almost as if he is afraid of me. His cold expression slowly fades, replaced by one of guilt and remorse and regret. Suddenly, his blood-red eyes don't scare me the way that Aro's or Felix's do. "I'm so sorry," he says. That's all. And then the mask is back on, filled with hatred—either for himself or me or the guard or Aro, I don't know—and he quickly leaves the room, locking the door behind him, I'm sure. I collapse onto the bed, sobs exploding from my chest. I bury my face into a pillow on the bed, and scream—I scream, and I scream, and I scream. My heart is breaking, and I am alone. I try and picture my dad, but, for some reason, I can't draw up his face in my mind. I wonder if it's because I'm here, in this awful place, and I don't want him to be stuck here with me. I almost wish I could use my own powers on myself, get some false emotion, bring up some memories of me and my dad, or me and Jake, or me and mom . . . but I can't. And then I think of poor Uncle Jasper, who must feel like this all of the time, being an empath and all—I wonder if he always wishes he could manipulate his own emotions, and then I can't help but wonder why I never asked him. After a while, I get up of the bed, and nearly cry again—my feet are red and bloody and raw. As a part-vampire, I do have somewhat accelerated healing, but not by much, and definitely not as helpful as the healing of the werewolves; injuries take maybe half the time of a regular human to heal, but that isn't much. And my skin, over time, has softened—it's barely any harder than that of a human now. I cringe with every step I take, but I walk over to the closet, and open the double doors. I pull open the drawers, and find a pair of thick socks that will hopefully make my feet hurt less, but everything else in the closet, like Alec says, definitely won't fit me. Sighing, I shut the closet doors, slip on the socks, and limp back over to the bed, where I strip to my underwear and bra and climb under the covers in the bed, waiting for sleep that I know won't come. Review, please! Reviews are very important for the first few chapters, because they usually determine whether or not I'll continue a story, or just pull the plug. So please review! Next chapter should be up next time I update all of my other fics, probably in the next two days.