When I had finshed, I looked up at Mum. She was staring at Darren, having already finished her salad. "Mum, who am I going to stay with while you're on your honeymoon?" I asked. She looked up at me in surprise, as if the thought had never occured to her. It probably hadn't. I tried not to feel upset, it didn't matter, I had Quil and he was even better. "I dont know, Quil?" Mum asked, looking at him in question. Yes! Darren choked on his sundae, and Mum looked at him with a frown. "Sure. When will you be getting back?" Quil asked. Yay! I get to stay with Quil! "You can't be serious Elise, leaving her with a teenage boy!" Darren exclaimed. Why? What was wrong? Mum rolled her eyes. "I think that I know what is best for my own daughter," she said before looking at Quil. "We're only going for three days, Darren has to be at work on Wednesday." Quil nodded, though he looked slightly surprised. "You realise that you're asking for trouble, right? The girl will be dead by Tuesday," Darren continued. Dead! He did realise that Quil was sitting right next to me, didn't he? I glanced over at Quil, he looked angry, and was shaking slightly, but didn't say anything. I shuffled closer to him and rested my head on his arm. The shaking immediately stopped, it was a trick I had learnt ages ago. "Oh shut up," Mum ordered, standing up. They were already arguing and they weren't even married yet. I sighed, imagine what it was going to be like for the 2 weeks that he was home. Maybe I could just stay with Quil for those weeks. He wouldn't mind, would he? Darren and Quil stood up, and I climbed onto the chair so that Quil could pick me up. "I'll take her," Darren said sternly, glaring up at Quil. Quil glared back, making me shiver slightly. He looked dangerous when he did that. As if he could kill someone with his bare hands, really quickly. Darren looked scared for a minute before his eyes hardened again. He moved around the table and picked me up. His cold hands wobbled slightly, yep I was getting too big to be carried around. I tensed up, it felt like he was going to drop me any second now. Mum watched him with a shake of her head. Darren grunted, storming back to the car. Quil followed right behind, ready to catch me if I was dropped. When Darren arrived back at the car he climbed into the back seat with me. "You're up front," he ordered Quil. "Elise, you can drive." Quil didn't look very happy about it but climbed into the front seat. Mum just snorted and took the keys, getting into the drivers seat. Darren tried to start a conversation with me, but I ignored him, not caring when he started to get cross. Quil glanced back at me every couple of minutes. There was no chance of me falling asleep next to Darren, I no longer felt tired enough. Mum eventually pulled into the driveway and we all got out, slowly unpacking the things and making our way into the house. Darren stayed next to me the whole time. "Quil, could I speak to you for a minute?" Darren asked icily once we were inside. "Of course." The two of them went into the living room, Darren slamming the door behind himself. Mum handed me my dress and went into her room, shutting the door behind her. I considered listening to the conversation, but decided against it. Quil always managed to work out when I was listening, and he might be cross if I did it this time. With another small sigh I went into my room, putting the dress in my top draw and slipping on a jacket. This done I went into the kitchen, making myself a hot chocolate. Mum came out of her room a few minutes later. "Make me one as well," she told me, gesturing to the steaming cup. I nodded and handed her my untouched cup, making myself a new one. Mum sat down at the table and began flicking through her magazine again. Roughly 10 minutes later Darren stormed out of the kitchen, Quil nowhere in sight. "Where is he?" Mum asked skeptically. Darren snorted. "He went home."Mum nodded and went back to her magazine. I wonder what had happened, maybe I should have listened in. He obviously wasn't staying the night, but that was fairly common since he got his apartment. Quil wouldn't have left without saying good night though. "Make one for me," Darren ordered, looking at the drink. I gave him mine, that I hadn't drank yet and left the room. Maybe Darren had yelled at him? Poor Quil. Though it was more likely that Quil won the argument. I quickly had a shower and brushed my teeth before going back to my room. There was a couple of extra blankets on my bed but I didn't think anything of it. I stared out the window, into the darkness. I wonder where Quil is right now. "Miss me?" The voice was quiet, but came from right behind me. I jumped in fright and turned around. Quil looked angry, but gave me small smile when I looked at him. He picked me up in a tight hug, nearly crushing me in the process. "Yep," I answered, "what did Darren say?" "Oh nothing much," Quil replied, tucking me into bed, "I'll see you in the morning, I've got the key to the window." I suddenly realised how tired I was, sinking into the blanets and closing my eyes. Why did he have to leave? "Goodnight Claire," he whispered. "Night Quil," I murmured back. I heard the window click shut and the house was silent once more. Just as I was drifting off I heard a wolf howl in the distance.