that Zack was an influential man, much like Jasper, in his human life. "We don't know who are what they are. But they are not human." Jasper began as he leaned forward, his hand on his chin. "What did they look like? Sound like?" Carlisle asked as he turned to me. "They looked…like us. Their skin was about a shade darker than ours, almost human looking, but it was too pale, too perfect. I had one of them in my class, her name is Bella. She smelled overly sweet, vampire sweet. Her heart was beating abnormally fast, like a hummingbird. But it wasn't a nervous type of heartbeat. As for their minds…I can only hear one of them, but they can communicate mentally. I could hear the other girl, but not Bella. When I tried to listen to Bella's mind, it was blank. Also, when I tried, Bella could tell it was me trying. She looked right at me, and hissed." I explained. I could still see the hate in her eyes. "Sounds like a mental shield." Carlisle stated. "Also, Edward decided to follow them after school, but once he did…his future disappeared." Alice explained with a shudder. Alice hated losing her sight. "Carlisle?" Esme asked him worried. She hated her children being near danger. "I have never heard of anything like what you are explaining to me. They couldn't be immortal children, but they are something. The only time Alice's sight disappears is around the wolves." Carlisle was talking more to himself than he was us. "Why don't we call the mutts and meet with them?" Zack suggested. Zack was a tad more rugged than the rest of us. His southern attitude was more prominent than Jasper's and he was more excitable to fighting than Emmett. Emmett and Jasper agreed as did I. Carlisle nodded his head and went to phone the chief of the Native Americans in La Push. La Push was a reservation in Forks. This tribe was not like most. They had the ability to turn themselves into wolves. Large, ugly, smelly wolves. We did not get along, therefore we had a treaty with a treaty line. We cannot hunt on their land and we are not allowed to bite a human. Things usually stayed quiet, except for the nomadic vampires that pass through at times. Carlisle came back into the room, his thoughts were focused on what the two girls could be. I was just as curious. "Let's go. They will be waiting for us at the line." Carlisle said. We all sped off, out of the house and into the forest towards the treaty line. Zack stayed next to me as we ran. With us being the only single vampires in the house, we had bonded in some ways. Is this the only exciting thing that happened while I was gone? Zack asked me mentally. I thought about it before answering, "Well, Emmett and Jasper got arrested, and Rosalie gave an older cop a heart attack." Zack chuckled and then fell silent. It remained quiet until we reached the treaty line. Carlisle took the front, with me on his left and Esme on his right. Beside me was Zack, with Alice and then Jasper to his left. On Esme's right was Emmett and Rosalie. I could hear the jumbled thoughts of the wolves as they approached. "I will definitely need to shower after this. Their smell is horrifying." Rosalie muttered. Esme shot her a reprimanding look causing her to keep her comments quiet. The wolves approached from the woods. They were snarling and watching us closely. Two wolves disappeared behind a few trees and transformed into their human forms. They walked back and met us at the line, the wolves were close behind. "What is this about Carlisle?" The one speaking was named Sam. Sam was the Alpha wolf. He led the pack and was the first of his generation to transform. Next to him was Jacob. He was the Beta, but not many knew he was the Alpha by birthright. "Thank you for meeting with us. There are two new…girls…in town. But we have a hunch that they are not like the other humans in this town. My family and I have never encountered them before. They seem to have traits of both vampires…and wolves. We wanted to ask if you had any information." Carlisle explained. "What makes you think they are like us?" Sam had a stony expression on his face. His thoughts were centered on a legend he had been told as a child. One about half-vampire, half-wolf girls. "What legend are you thinking of?" I asked him with narrowed eyes. Sam looked at me confused for a moment before his face hardened. "I would appreciate it if you would stay out of my mind. Besides, I do not know what you are talking about leech." "You're lying." Jasper stated evenly. Sam's glare turned to Jasper. The wolves began growling and their thoughts were jumbled but focused on wanting to attack us. "I have nothing else to offer you leeches. If they cross into our territory, we will handle whatever they might be, just stay on your side unless you want to die." Sam said coldly. "I would watch the name calling if I were you, Sam. After all, an insult doesn't mean much when it comes from a dog." A voice called from somewhere behind the wolves. The wolves turned around abruptly, snarling and growling, their teeth exposed. Emmett, Jasper, and Zack fell into a defensive crouch. I stayed upright and looked towards the voice. Standing behind the pack of wolves was the blonde girl from lunch. Next to her was Bella. Bella's face was blank, just like her thoughts. Her eyes briefly met mine, before they turned to Sam. Cliffy on the first chapter! Hope you guys are enjoying it so far! I am going to go ahead and post another chapter. I will update again later this week!