could say the same." She turned to look at me, but I kept my eyes straight. "I made some really screwed up decisions, Bella. It's costed the lives of those I love." I didn't explain any further. I waited and waited. For the cringing. Or screaming. Or running. But, they never came. She hugged me. I didn't move. "Edward... it's ok. You've got me." She doesn't care. She's still here. That's when the tears started to form. I grabbed her and pulled her towards me, holding on as tight as possible. I couldn't break down now. I've held my resolve for many long years now. I can't lose my cool now... "Edward, I know you're suffering. I see it in your eyes. So, please don't feel like you have to hold back. I can tell that you're strong and quiet and that you've been holding back for too damn long." Bella sounded so genuine and I knew that she was. I couldn't hold back the plan anymore and the tears began to flow. I was crying quietly at first; I didn't want to freak Bella out. But then she stroked my hair, just like my mother did when I was upset. Sob after sob came as I tried to form coherent sentences. "I-I n-never met... for it to h-h-happen... the s-streets- slick and raining...arguing so much .." I couldn't finish and tried to hold back my tears. I sound like a babbling fool right now, but I knew Bella understood what I was trying to say. It was a cold rainy day. I was being a little brat. My father and I were arguing while my mother sat in the passenger seat, trying to calm us down. He was furious and fed up with my shit and so, he turned around to yell at me, not focused on the road. My mother screamed when he drove over an icy patch and lost control of the wheel. The car slid straight into a tree and it snapped like lighting. Since my parents sat in the front, they had no pulses by the time the ambulances arrived. However, I was perfectly unscathed. On the outside, I was fine. On the inside, my heart was torn into a million pieces and my hands were pierced each time I tried to piece them back together. Eventually, I just gave up. The memory caused me to cringe and suddenly, I was angry at myself. This wasn't how I was suppose to behave, especially in front of Bella. But after years and years of holding back my feelings, this felt like the most appropriate thing to do. "Shhh... it's fine, Edward. Sometimes, we say and do things we don't mean. That we could never actually mean. You're not a bad person, Edward. I think you're one of the greatest and strongest guys I know." I said nothing so she continued, "Whether you believe me or not, I know they forgive you. They're looking down from heaven right now and they're seeing what a amazing guy you grew up to be. They forgive you. I know I would." We held on to each other for what felt like an eternity. Bella was the first and only person to see this wrecked side of me, but she didn't judge. Instead, she soothed me and got rid of my demons. At this point, I realized that she was my lifeline. Holding onto me to keep me from drowning. I tried to calm myself and wiped all traces of tears from my face. "I'm sorry you had to see that. I'm usually a very reserved person." "Edward, it's fine. You're only human." "I've been hiding my feelings and alienating myself for years now." "So? Recovery is different for everyone and I'll be here for you, Edward. I'll be at your side every step of the way." Bella looked at me with soft eyes and one look at them told me she wasn't lying. She was being honest and she understood what it felt like to be an outcast, what it felt like to have your demons haunting your every thought and action. I smiled and placed on chin on top of her head. "Thanks, love." The term of endearment slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it and I froze to hear her bewildered reaction, but it never came. Her eyes were closed, a smile danced on her lips. I thought about how things turned out today; how I went from feeling suicidal and depressed to feeling...alive. Ever since the accident, I felt as dead as my parents. Meeting Bella suddenly rekindled the life in me and it was a feeling like no other. And I didn't want this feeling to go. "Bella?" "Hmm?" "Will you stay with me forever?" "Are you basically asking me to marry you?" "Depends on your answer." "Ok." "Ok?" "I told you I'll always be at your side and I intend to keep that promise. Although, maybe you should wait a bit before you get down on one knee and pop the big question." I feigned a hurt expression. "Am I not attractive enough to get a girl to marry me on the first day we've met?" "Oh no, I've decided and you are very attractive. Unbelievably attractive," she exaggerated, "but to be quite honest, we could make some cute kids one day." I thought about that possibility and my smile grew even bigger. "Yeah, you're right. We might fall in love one day too." Bella leaned back and grinned. "I can definitely see it happening." "You know what? I can see it happening too." So I leaned forward and kissed her. And in that kiss, I knew that we were falling in love, that we were losing our balance together. Yes, it is cheesy but cheesy is good sometimes and I like cheesy. Hope you guys smiled at least once while reading this and please let me know what you think! -Alexis