gaze and I fight off the rising heat in my cheeks. I look back to Aro to find him studying me with his own little smile and suddenly I feel like I have been left out of something very important. I open my mouth to question him, but I am forced to cover my mouth when a small yawn escapes me. "Felix," He calls and said vampire is at his side in an instant, "why don't you take our lovely guest to her room while I see off my old friend and his family?" Edward turns to me and smiles a bit tensely. "Yes, love. You are tired, go with Felix and I will be in touch to let you know how things are going back home. I will miss you, my love." He places a kiss on my lips that leaves me feeling like a piece of property that has just been stamped, and I swear I can hear a soft growl in the room before Felix gently but insistently escorts me from the room. I find myself in a gorgeous room minutes later, though I would never be able to find my way to it myself, and before I can even mutter a 'thank you', Felix is closing the door behind me. I look around the room to find that my luggage has been brought up by someone else, and I make my way over to the gaudy pink suitcase that Alice somehow passed off as mine. I grab my night clothes and change in the attached bathroom before crawling into the massive bed and allowing the stress of the past 24 hours to drag me under into sleep. ~Ss~Ss~Ss~Ss~Ss~ I woke up this morning to Jane bursting in with food, demanding I eat, before vanishing out the door again. Since then I have showered and dressed, and my hair was almost completely dry in the ponytail I had set it up in. With my hand against my chin, I could smell the melon-and-lilac hand lotion I had used after my shower. I breathe it in through my nose and let out a happy sigh; it reminds me of home. A knock on the door makes me jump and after taking a moment to calm my heart, I roll off the bed and make my way over. After a moment of hesitation with my hand hover over the handle, I finally grasp it and pull the door open slowly. There, standing in front of me, is the Volturi leader from yesterday. I know his name is either Caius or Marcus, but Edward had never pointed out exactly which one was which when I had asked about the picture in the Cullen's house before. "Good afternoon, Isabella. I didn't get a chance to introduce myself at your last visit or when you arrived yesterday; my name is Marcus. Am I interrupting anything important?" His voice is soft but strong, and it wisps over me and leaves goosebumps in its wake. I find myself staring at him for a moment before snapping out of it and hurrying to reply. "Ah, no. No you didn't I was just, uh, well really I was just sitting around." The corner of his eyes crinkle as his small smile grows a bit more and I swear I see his eyes twinkle in amusement at my stammering. "Well I am glad, then. I would not want to impose while you are busy. I would like to ask if you would care to join me for a walk in the gardens after your lunch. If you find that you are still just 'sitting around', of course." I find myself nodding before I have even thought about it, and the words leave my mouth just as quick. "Sure, I would like that." As I wonder bemusedly where that had come from, Marcus reaches down and takes my hand in his own. I startle a little, but before I can pull my hand away he is leaning over it and pressing his lips to the back of my hand just above the knuckles of my fingers. His eyes close for a moment and I hear him breathe in deeply before those red orbs are once again locked with mine and he is straightening to his full height once more. "I am looking forward to it, Isabella. I will come to retrieve you once you have eaten. Until then, cara. " I can only nod, still too shocked to say anything as he drops my hand and turns to make his way down the hall. I snap out of my trance as he turns a corner and find myself closing the door as fast as I can manage without slamming it. I let the sturdy wood hold my weight as I lean into it, and slide down until I am sitting on the floor. After a couple moments I finally realize what has just happened and let my head fall back to hit the door. "What…What the hell was that?!" I let the words spill out of my mouth slightly louder than I would have liked, before realizing he could probably still hear me and letting out a soft groan. Edward, you and your family better hurry the hell up, because I don't think I can last a few weeks of that. WELL then. Hope you enjoyed reading that as much as I did writing it, let me know what you think so far, any mistakes I need to take care of? Anything you guys would like to see? I would like to hear what you guys want as prompts for the story. You can give me scents/tastes, and anything else you would like to see happen in this Fic. I will try to update as much as I can without it getting too overwhelming, and not leave it for too long either! I can't wait to hear your suggestions and ideas! See you again soon my Lovelies! -Silver