This time she couldn't keep the defensiveness out of her tone. Taylor regarded her in silence and then scowled. "It's a little fast." Bella sighed quietly, understanding that she'd catch more flies with honey than vinegar. They'd been together long enough for her to know what made him tick. In knowing how his mind worked, she'd discovered the secret he'd tried so hard to keep hidden; that she was his biggest weakness. She had no qualms when it came to exploiting that chink in his armor. Her lashes came down and when they lifted back up again, she'd undergone a subtle transformation. A moment ago, she was drowning in despair. Now, she drew on her strength as a woman, wielding a power she seldom used. She moved forward, and placed her hands on his chest, peering up at him through her lashes. His hands automatically went to her hips and pulled her closer until she was pressed against him. Though he appeared to be the very picture of calm, she felt his heart thudding away beneath her palms. "Please, Taylor. I just want to get together and reminisce with a few old friends. I promise I'll keep the emotional spikes to a minimum." She paused and continued when she still sensed his hesitancy. "Liz will have her feelers out. She'll be the first to know if I have another episode . We'll leave if I can't handle it." Her lips quirked into a hopeful smile. Taylor studied her face silently, going over the risks in his mind. He was sure she knew what was at stake. She wouldn't jeopardize her progress just for a visit with people who didn't even know her anymore. As much as he would've liked to keep her in quarantine, she needed some freedom. "Fine." Taylor finally agreed, though he still had some reservations. The smile she gave him then was mysterious and utterly female. It lit his heart. It had been a long time since he'd gotten a genuine smile out of her. Little by little his Isabella was coming back to him. Overcome with relief and happiness, Taylor yanked her to him and crushed her lips in a fierce kiss. She was left gasping when he pulled back and rested his forehead against hers. "Wow. It's been a while since you kissed me like that. Almost makes me want to stay in." She gazed up at him, lips slightly parted, the flush of pink in her cheeks. Their conversation was cut short by the obnoxious honking from the car out front. "Sometime today, you guys!" Ryan shouted rudely. They parted and Bella tugged on his hand, smiling wryly. "Come on, Spanish man. We have places to be." On the ride to Emily's, Bella was bewildered by the nervous fluttering in her stomach. Except for the fact that she was about to introduce her past life to her present, she had no reason to be nervous. Knowing how she felt about Jacob, Emily wouldn't have invited her of he was going to be there. She heard Zach giving the others the don't stare at Emily's scars speech and smiled. Everything would be fine. "Hey, Izzy. How many people are supposed to be at this thing?" Ryan inquired from the front seat. Emily would probably host a small get-together, so they could sit and catch up on each other's lives. Bella wasn't expecting more than a couple of people. "I don't know two or three. Why?" " That's why." Ryan parked the car and climbed out. What fresh hell is this? At some point, Taylor must have guided her from the car because the next thing she knew, she was on her feet, staring at what was starting to look like a frigging ambush. A considerably large group of werewolves were gathered next to the house. And each of them was staring at Bella and her friends with rapt attention. Though, most of their interests were entirely focused on Bella. Some of the glances stemmed from curiosity while others were mildly hostile. She recognized a few faces in the crowd, but most of them were unfamiliar to her. Clearly, the pack had grown in her absence. Then her eyes were pulled, as if by magnet, to the man she'd hoped never to see again. Only a blind person would've missed him. Even in a crowd of werewolves, Jacob Black stood like a giant among men. His tautly muscled body appeared to have grown since she last saw him. She could almost feel the undercurrents of the Alpha's power from where she stood. His dark hair, which was just as thick as she remembered, framed the harsh lines of his face. His arrogant mouth firmed, lips thinning in disapproval at the sight of her. Bella almost flinched at the barely concealed fury she found in his dark eyes. Remember , she told herself. Remember, he doesn't give a damn about your being alive. Bella struggled to suppress the black rage tightening in her own chest. So her being here upset him, did it? Well, that was too damn bad. She wasn't exactly moistening with excitement to see him either. She took a deep, calming breath, fighting against the wave of rage that threatened to make her lose all sense of reason. If she didn't regain control of her emotions, Liz would alert Taylor and he'd make her go back to the house. She had to prove that she could remain composed. Through sheer force of will, she bridled her contempt and chanted the word calm over and over in her mind. Just when Bella thought she'd wrestled herself back from the precipice of darkness, an obnoxious voice sneered, "Well, look at what we have here. The prodigal bitch returns." A/N: Hope you enjoyed the first chapter and the new writing style. I'd love to hear your thoughts on what happened and still happening to Bella. Who's the person that confronted her? Review and receive your teasers folks.