of death, I was finally at peace. And this piece smelled like the forest after a rain, like the air and earth and sea all rolled into one. It was home. And I was safe. Until I was ripped away by a heart-wrenching scream. There was a sudden brightness. Jostling. A loud voice behind me. Everything happened very quickly then. "Sorry! You must be…I'm…" It was a man's voice. My eyes were blinking, adjusting themselves to the light. I was just starting to realize that I even had eyes. I was alive. I was lying on a bed in a small room. The walls were a soft green. There was a dresser against the far wall with a standing lamp beside it. The bed was moving. The screaming that woke me up turned to words. "Oh God! Are you okay?" Ava's voice, closer. She was a blurry shape coming at me, but even with my eyesight as it was, I could recognize the color of her hair, the height of her. "I don't know," I replied. The bed quieted. "C'mon. Let's go. Mom and Dad…" She lifted my arm and I sat up. The room spun for a minute. My legs didn't really want to move. "Maybe I should carry her," the man's voice said, low and gentle. "No," Ava replied. "She can walk." And then quieter, to me, "You can walk, right?" "Yes." I wasn't sure if it was the truth or not. I leaned against her and she helped pull me to a standing position. I winced; everything was sore, but we took a step forward. And then another. The muscles protested, but they were doing their job anyway. Behind us, the voice said, "I'm sorry if I…I'm just sorry I…" We didn't stop. We wove our way through the little house. Two children were sitting on a couch in the living room, watching us with wide eyes. There was a tall guy standing by the doorway, staring at us. He was a long hazy shape, gangly, and as we grew closer I could see his knees were knobby. "Hey," he said. "Are you okay?" He put up his hand to stop us. I flinched away. "Let her go," the more familiar man's voice said. I turned to look at him once before I left, but my eyes still weren't working very well. He was just a blur. We walked out into the night air. There were headlights up at the edge of the road. "Mom is…scared," Ava whispered. Our footsteps crunched against the pine needles and sticks. Our breath clouded up in front of us. "Please try to shrug this off, at least in front of her. She'll keep you inside for the next three months if—" "Got it," I replied. I picked up my pace despite my screaming muscles. I heard a car door slam. Mom was rushing at me. Her hair caught the light from the car and looked like a halo. An avenging angel. "Did they hurt you?" she asked. There was a frantic edge to her voice. Her eyes ran over me, checking for damage. "Are you okay? What happened?" Her fingers caught hold of my shoulders and gave a testing squeeze. "I'm fine," I said. She reached up to my forehead and ran her fingers lightly over the skin there. I winced. "Oh, Aubree," she said, a broken sob cutting through my name. She pulled me into a hug, and I managed not to groan. "Where have you been? I was so worried." "I'm fine, Mom," I said. "Get in the car, okay?" she said. "I'll be right back." "What are you doing?" I asked. She was already walking down the hill towards the house. She didn't reply. I turned to Ava. "What is she doing?" "I'm sure it's okay. She'll be right back." "I just want to go home ." Ava opened the back door for me and I cringed my way into the car. I finally had a moment to look myself over. My skin was red. My hands were raw. I was wearing an old, baggy gray sweater and black sweat pants. Warm, dry, and definitely not mine . I watched out the window as Mom reached the house. There was a tall figure taking up the front doorway, silhouetted in the yellow light from the living room. He ran a hand through his hair and hung his head. Mom was gesturing to the car with one hand; the other was balled into a fist. I couldn't hear what they were saying. My own fists were protesting. I had them clenched around my… the sweater. I was leaning forward on the seat. And yet, I was still so tired. My eyelids drooped despite my best efforts to keep them open. The man was talking. After a moment, Mom relaxed. Her fists went slack, her shoulders slumped. She must have been saying something, because the man was utterly still. She reached her right hand forward and… The man nodded at her. He backed into the house and shut the door. She stood on the porch for a couple seconds, staring at the door, and then started back up the hill. "You're really okay…right, Aubree?" Ava asked from the front seat. "I think so." The driver's door opened and Mom got inside. She sighed. "We should probably take you down to the hospital before we go home," she said. "Just to be safe." "Okay," I replied. Mom backed up and pulled out onto the road. I looked down at the little house. In the light of the window there was a silhouette watching us drive away. My heart was beating quickly, but it was beating. The air in my lungs picked up pace and scraped against my raw windpipe. But I was breathing. I survived. But, all things considered, I wasn't sure I could live it down. What did you think? Anyone like Aubree a little more? I know I do.