ground. He still reached my door to open it before I had a chance to do it myself. After helping me out of the truck, Edward grabbed the bag from the back and we walked inside the house together with the puppy running between our legs the entire time. "Bella!" Esme greeted me upon entering the house. "I'm so glad you came over. You're just in time to taste my pot roast." "Edward!" Alice called from the stairs, "I can't believe what happened!" "What happened?" Esme asked concerned as the rest of the family trailed into the living room. "I totaled my car," Edward mumbled. "What?!" the family all asked at once. "That dog ran in front of me and caused me to wreck my car," Edward yelled angrily as he pointed toward the puppy innocently sitting on the sofa. "And you hit a septic tank truck," Alice added. Edward just glared at her. "No wonder you smell like crap," Emmett told him trying to contain a hearty laugh. "Well, at least no one was hurt, right?" Esme asked. "No, no one was injured thankfully," I replied. "In that case, let me fix you a plate," Esme told me. I followed her into the kitchen where I saw a huge pot roast sitting in a roasting pan with a variety of vegetables sitting around it. Esme pulled a plate out of the cabinet and dished out a mighty helping for me. As I carried the plate to their table, I accidently mis-stepped tilting the plate enough for some of the meat to fall on the floor. Alice was by my side quickly enough to catch me before I fell, and I shot her a grateful smile. The next thing I saw was Little Buddy running into the room, picking up the meat, and running out of the room. I had to put my plate down before trying to find where the puppy went. When I reached the living room, I found Esme yelling at Emmett, who was crouched down by the piano trying get the puppy. I guess Emmett was afraid of hurting the puppy by using his vampire speed because he was reaching for the puppy at a human pace. Everytime he reached, Little Buddy would move away in a different direction. As I walked closer to the scene, I saw that Edward's piano keys must have had some of the meat on them because I saw bits of meat flecks along with gravy on some of the keys. There also seemed to be bits of dog fur along the seat and even the top of the piano. "Emmett, just grab the dog and get it out of the house," Carlisle demanded. When Emmett reached for the puppy again, Little Buddy shot out from under the piano and ran directly at me. I tried to reach for him, but he ended up scratching me instead. "Ow!" I yelled. I saw all the vampire eyes turn toward me and quickly looked down at my hand. When I didn't see any blood flowing, I raised it up for them to see. "All good, no blood," I said quickly. Jasper was the first person to realize that I hadn't been injured too badly and quickly found the puppy. He held the puppy up by the back of Little Buddy's neck. "I'll go take care of this," he said with a devious smile. Jasper left the house with Little Buddy and I never saw him again. Two Weeks Later... Jasper's POV: I was lounging on the sofa in the living room watching a documentary on the Civil War when Bella came by the house. "Hey Bella," I called over my shoulder. "Hey Jasper," Bella replied. "Good show?" I shrugged, "They have a few minor details that are flawed, but it's good otherwise." "Alice told me to come by and pick up a dress," Bella said while shuffling her feet back and forth. I smiled, "I'm sure it was more of a demand if Alice told you to do it. You are perfectly welcome to go rummage around our room to find what you're looking for." "Thanks," Bella said. "You might not want to thank me until you've seen whatever it is," I told her grinning. My focus was back on the show as Bella ascended the stairs. I didn't really pay attention to how long she had been up there, but I heard her when she began to come down the stairs. I looked over when Bella reached the floor and saw she had a garment bag in her hands. I could tell that she was nervous, which puzzled me a little bit. I didn't think she would be nervous to be around me alone. I knew she had more faith in me than I sometimes deserved. "What is it?" I finally asked. "Umm...," Bella hesitated. "Well, Jasper, I really just wanted to know if you, um, ate Little Buddy." I couldn't help the bark of laughter that escaped me. "You... thought... I ate... the... dog?" I asked between laughs. "You didn't?" she asked. I shook my head. "Alice was too busy with shopping the first day to foresee Emmett making the decision to bring the dog here. However, she later had another vision where she saw someone that would make a wonderful owner." As Bella sat down on a chair opposite me I continued, "Alice told me about the vision and I contacted the guy to see if he would be interested. Of course, I already knew that he would want the dog based on Alice's vision." "So where is the puppy?" Bella asked. "When that dog tried to bite you, I knew it was the best time to get rid of it," I told her. "I took him to our border with the Quileute and gave him to Embry." "So Embry has Little Buddy?" Bella asked smiling. "Yes," I nodded. "And that puppy is doing just fine around all the wolves."