breathing as well. I knew that it was information that he didn't want to share, least of all to a girl that he just met. "I'm sorry." I whispered as I lowered my eyes, regretting asking the stupid question. "I shouldn't have asked you such a personal question." I tried to get down but he stopped me. "It's ok, I know you didn't mean anything by it. It's just a not subject I like to think about. And I'm not done taking care of you." He smiled a little to show me I was forgiven, at least that's what I thought he meant. "So do you have any other siblings?" I asked trying to get the sad look out of his eyes. "I have my little sister, Alice and a little brother, Edward." He said with an air of affection. "Alice is 9 and Edward is 15." I didn't ask about his parents and he didn't offer any information about them. "What about you? Do you have any siblings?" "I have a younger brother, Jasper, he's 9, and Bella she's 14." "They sound nice." He commented simply. "Yes they are nice." Jasper and Bella don't spend time with each other. Jasper mostly stayed in his room listening to music, and Bella stayed in her room reading. They had always been this way since the accident. He laughed and then sighed. "Alice and Edward get into fights all the time. I have to referee a lot of times when their arguments get a little out of hand." He was finally done with the peroxide and smoothed an extra large bandage onto my cheek. He had to remind himself to be gentle with me. Even though he was skilled in healing others his large strong hands still weren't made for the task. "Is there any other places that are bleeding?" He asked me, about to put the cap back on the peroxide. "Just my right shoulder." I touched the spot lightly, the blood was starting to dry on my shirt. "I think I hit the wall a little too hard." "Hummm….." he thought as he watched me taking off my work shirt to show him the wound. "That's another thing we have to think about. What are we going to tell your father?" I hadn't really thought about it after being in the bathroom. "I guess I can tell him that I fell and hit the ground. It seems to make the most sense and Daddy doesn't pay much attention to things like that." The only thing that he would do is yell at me for being in the shop when no one else was around but I could live with that. "Ok, I'll go along with that. I'm not sure I can get through the rest of the day seeing that… monster though." His frown looked wrong on his boyish face. I repressed a shudder as I remembered that forgotten detail. I glanced at the clock, in fifteen minutes the mechanics would come back to work, along with Royce, Daddy's most prized mechanic. "I may have to go home sick." He admitted sheepishly. "I don't want you to leave!" My voice betrayed how frightened I was. "I'm scared of what might happen to me if you leave!" I grabbed his arm with more force then I should have but I didn't care. As much as I was scared of him, I was equally afraid of him not being around to protect me. "Then I'll stay if that's what you want." He tried to hide his smile as he repeated the process that he did with my face onto my shoulder. He wasn't able to give my shoulder as much attention as my face because we heard the sounds of mechanics returning to work. "Here." He handed me the clothes. "Go change in the bathroom. Can you put this bandage on your arm?" "I think so." I smiled at him. "Ok, I won't be out here when you come out, so no one can come up with any wrong conclusions. But as soon as he comes in I'll be where you can see me, and he can." he flexed his muscle's to emphasize the statement. I nodded, trying to stifle the fear I felt. He moved to walk away from me but I stopped him by grabbing his hand. He turned back to me with a hesitant expression. "I forgot to tell you something." I smiled. "Thank you, for everything." He smiled back at me. "You're welcome." Then he looked unsure as to what to do next, but then the sounds of someone coming through the front of the shop had him nearly running away from me. I quickly ran into the bathroom and put the bandage on my shoulder. I didn't look as gory as I did the last time I came in here and I quickly changed clothes. When I looked back in the mirror I could tell that Daddy wouldn't notice the few bruses that were visible. I peaked out the door before coming out all the way. I walked out into the back room where all the cleaning supplies were, no one was there. I deposited my clothes in my trunk. When I walked around to the left side of my car, I froze in place when I looked over into my car and saw the single red rose sitting in the driver's seat. I shivered in the 90 degree weather and ran for the front door. So here's my new story, I hope you guys like it! :) Comments and reviews are appreciated! I have about three or four chapters written already so updates should be coming sooner than I usually do! Maybe if I can write two or three chapters before I update then I could update more often! (Or at least thats what I'm hoping for!) So if you took the time to read this, I would really love to hear from you! :) ~STP