saw my mom and dad standing by the table. My mom looked at me with open arms. "Come here baby" Esme soothed. I rushed into her arms not realizing how fast and I knocked us both over. When mom and I hit the floor it sounded like two boulders smacking together. "I'm sorry mommy." I cried realizing I knocked the wind out of my mom. Scared of myself and scared I hurt my momma I started hyperventilating and panicking. "Cheyenne" Esme whispered. I ignored her. "Cheyenne stop it" Esme said shaking me. "Honey pull yourself together it's okay I'm not hurt" she said kissing my cheek. "Cheyenne sweetheart I'm so sorry baby girl. I never thought I'd lose control especially with my own daughter. I am so ashamed." Carlisle cried "Daddy it's okay nobody planned for this to happen anyway." I said hugging my dad. " baby girl you need to be careful you are very strong right now. You could hurt someone." Dad said catching his breath. "Would you like to go hunting with your father and I?" Mom asked. "do I have to?" I asked. "Cheyenne listen to the burning in your throat." Dad explained. Now I felt the burning sensation in the back of my throat. "Honey until you get your thirst under control you will be confined to the house and you have to go on supervised hunts. you will be spending quite a bit of time with your mother." Dad said. "Momma I'm so sorry for cursing at you and for giving you the middle finger." I apologized to my mom. "It's okay sweetie but if you ever treat me with such disrespect ever again I'll tan your hide." Mom warned. "Chey we still have to move we can't risk anyone seeing you or you killing a human." Dad said. Esme came over and put her arms around me pushing me down the stairs. "Oh Cheyenne you look beautiful" Rosalie said hugging me. " I knew that outfit would look good on you" Alice said grinning at me. "Close your mouths brothers, gawking at your exsquisite baby sister is very disrespectful" Jasper said smiling at me. Emmett whistled. "Welcome to the family" Edward said "Chey let's go" Mom said motioning me to follow her and dad. Cheyenne's POV My parents and I walked out the sliding glass door and ran into the forest. I ran past my mother and father almost a half mile ahead of them when I caught the scent of something delicious. The smell was so mouth watering and devine I wanted it I craved it. I gave in I ran towards the scent I climbed the nearest tree to zero in on my target. Suddenly i heard footsteps behind me, turning around I saw my father with my mom standing right behind him. "Cheyenne stop let your mother and I take you away from here. That is a human sweetheart you will be very unhappy if you kill those hikers. Come on baby take my hand and Mommy and I will lead you somewhere safe" Carlisle coaxed. "Daddy it hurts their blood smells delicious and i want it really bad. I dont care if i kill a few hikers. Whatever is in our forest is fair game daddy." I said in a blood frenzy. "Baby listen to daddy you'll be an emotional wreck when you come to your senses. Come to Mommy sweetie we will help you all you have to do is take my hand. Come on sweetie take Mommy's hand." Esme coaxed reaching out to grab me. I backed away from my parents, my mother started to walk towards me when dad held his arm in front of her to keep her safe from me. "Cheyenne I can tell you are in a frenzy but your eyes are turning gold from the mountain lion you already fed from. Baby you will come to your senses in a few seconds and Mom and I will take you away from here." Carlisle said wrapping his arms around me. He held me to his chest as i came back to my senses. I broke out of my dad's grasp and ran into my mom's open arms. We heard a familiar voice under the tree. It was Mikel and his side bitch they were having a picnic. I suddenly was angry and my eyes turned black as i smelled their delicious scents. I shoved my mother away from me and I heard her body smack against the tree's trunk like someone cracking a homerun. I jumped down from the tree right in front of Mikel and his side bitch. I grabbed Mikel's side bitch before her scream barely left her lips. I quickly snapped her neck and sunk my teeth into her neck, her blood flooded my mouth and it tasted like a juicy mouth watering steak with a delicious dessert flavor it was the bomb. After I drained the bitch dry I smiled at MIkel. Quickly grabbing his arm i yanked it off i wanted him to suffer for all the pain he put me through, I ripped off both of his legs and other arm. finally i ripped off his head and torn his body to shreds. "CHEYENNE NICOLE CULLEN STOP THAT THIS INSTANCE" Carlisle shouted snapping me out of my rage. He and Mom jumped from the tree looking absolutly appauled. My mother looked hurt and disappointed while my father looked upset and angry. I knew looking down at the mess I made I was in deep shit I Shoved and hurt my mother and brutally ripped apart two people. I was in deep deep shit with my parents. It was at that moment I learned to listen to what my parents said. Maybe if I listened to my mom I'd still be alive, but now I was no longer their fragile baby. Maybe I'll never figure out if I should listen to my mom and dad or disobey them.