see beauty and exotic eyes and want to be around her. If people saw me uncovered they would run, stare, laugh, mock, take out their phones and take pictures of me and call me a freak while calling CNN or the National Enquirer. The idea that Alice and I would have anything in common was laughable. Chiding myself at the absurdity of dwelling on some girl I'd passed on the hallway briefly I turned to Angela and asked her something about our history class. Little did I know then that wouldn't be my last interaction of the day with Alice Cullen. XXXXX Lunch. I dreaded lunch. And the Forks cafeteria lunchroom was worse than most. Other than the fact that it was crowded full of noisy people it had windows. A lot of windows. Even though the light was diffused that much natural light always made me a combination of clumsy, sleepy, irritable and on edge. As I stood in line to get my lunch thankfully no one talked to me but I could feel a multitude of eyes on me even with my back turned. It was enough to have to make me fight the urge to run. After getting my lunch of salad – minus dressing – plus an apple I turned and looked over the sea of faces for a place to sit. It turned out it hadn't been just my imagination. A lot of people were looking at me. I froze like a deer in the headlights having had no previous experience in this kind of situation and having no idea what to do. I saw someone wave at me and I realized it was Angela. Feeling momentaraly relieved I started heading for her table until I realized who she was sitting with. Well it wasn't like I knew any of them but it was that the table was full of people and every last one of them was looking at me anxiously waiting for me to come over. I hated being the center of attention. It went against every instinct I had. With all the lights and all the stares and all these people looking ready to pounce as soon as I sat down, I freaked. Walking as fast as I could I headed for the exit throwing out my tray full of salad but pocketing the apple. I headed for the doors that led back into the school not really thinking where I was headed, just needing to get away from this awful situation where it seemed everybody wanted something from me. On my way to the door I happened to look to the side and saw Alice Cullen looking right at me with a surprised and curious look on her face. Great, I knew I was making a scene. Everyone was looking at me and everyone knew something was wrong. But why did this girl have to know I was a freak right from the start too? And what did I care what Alice friggin Cullen who I hadn't even met yet thought of me anyway? Disgusted at myself I looked away from her and reached the double doors that led out of the cafeteria. I needed to find somewhere where I could regroup. Where I could hide. Preferably away from any damn windows. I knew where I could hide, same place I'd often hidden in Phoenix. After a minute of looking around the near deserted hallways I found what I was looking for. Making sure no one was looking I opened the door and slipped inside. I breathed a sigh of relief as I closed the door behind me and leaned on it, almost complete total darkness enveloping me. Places like this had always been my sanctuary. Where was I? In the janitor's closet. Don't knock it, it has everything I need that you can't normally find in any normal American school. It's quiet. It's private. And it's mercifully dark. It's not perfect since the sun is still shining outside but it does help to clear my fuzzy head and release a lot of nerves. Mercifully dark. Even if it did smell funny. Feeling mostly safe now and rapidly calming myself I walked over to a small stool at the end of the tiny room and sat down dodging a mop and cleaning cart. Tiredly I pulled the apple out of my pocket and took a tentative bite. It wasn't organic and I could still taste some residual chemicals and pesticides along with some of the wax they used on the skin but I ate it anyway. Halfway through the first day and the whole school probably already though I was a freak and I was even more tired than I had gotten used to expecting during the day. I wasn't built for this. I knew that deep down in my bones. I believed in destiny, a little, and my destiny was not to spend daylight hours rotting away at a school. I didn't belong here. No one got that though. Especially not my parents. At risk of sounding like a stereotypical angsty teenager no one understood me. Then again who in the world would get my issues when I barely understand them? I was in the middle of my bout of self pitty and half way through my apple when I saw a shadow underneath the door. Instinctively I froze and slowed my breathing to almost nothing, trying to do nothing to give myself away and hoping they would just leave. Instead the handle turned and the door slowly opened. Standing on the other side of the door, looking amused and apologetic was Alice friggin Cullen. "Hi," she said mischievously and with humor in her voice, "Bella Swan right? Mind if I join you?" Gulp. XXXXX So what did you think? Was it interesting? Worth continuing? I'd like your support. Please leave a note and let me know how much you did (or didn't) like this chapter. Have a good day!