about that." Edward said softly. "You don't deserve to be degraded like that." "I'm used to it Gunny." I said softly not looking directly at him but at my feet. I was used to the attitude, but it didn't mean I liked it. "You shouldn't have to be." He said with a bit of his blush showing through. I chuckled. "Well it is why I joined the Canadian military instead of the U.S. At least with the Canadian military I can get a combat posting." Edward's eyes widened. "You're American?" His tone sounded astonished and maybe a bit hopeful. "Born and raised." I chuckled. "My dad's a police chief in a little town in Washington State. My mom was a Canadian so when I was born I was automatically a dual citizen. After 9/11 I knew I wanted a combat posting, not support staff." "I'm originally from Chicago but my parents moved to Washington state just after I joined the Marines." He says with a small smile. "I plan to go back after this deployment." I tell him. "This is the last combat deployment for Canada and we are scaling back our troops in the area. I've been in for a few years and I think it's time to go back and maybe join the police department in Port Angeles." Edward bit his lip. "Why not Forks?" I laughed at the idea of taking orders from my dad. "No way I'm I going to work for Chief Swan." I suddenly stopped and looked at him sharply. "Why did you ask about.." "Forks?" He cut in. I nodded and waited for his response. "Well my dad is the new chief of staff for the hospital there." "No way!" I cry out surprised. "Doc Hollywood is your dad?" I shouldn't have been as surprised as I was because both of them were drop dead gorgeous but in different ways. Still I was surprised. Sue, dad's wife had nicknamed the Doc and of course since I hadn't met him I'd picked up on the moniker. Edward groaned and hide his face in his hands. "Yeah." I laughed and explained how he got the nickname from my stepmom. "So are you planning to go back after you get out of here?" "Yeah for a bit. I have two months left here and then I go back and either get out or re-enlist." "Which are you thinking of?" I asked him. "Well I have an offer from NCIS to join them or like you a few police departments. I was mostly thinking about in Seattle." "Weird. I had an offer from Seattle PD too, but after being here I was thinking I'd like something closer to dad." We were having a moment where we were just looking into each other's eyes. I was hoping he was thinking what I was thinking, that it would be great to meet up after we got back stateside. I hoped so, but at the moment he opened his mouth to say something else Whitlock and Bear came around the corner. "Command gave us the all clear." Bear explained. I nodded and went to pick up my gear. We were going to evac'ed out from the body site. Bear cleared his throat really loudly making me look up. Whitlock was looking red and embarrassed. "Sorry for stepping out of line Ma'am." He said crisply. "Apology accepted Gunny." I said just as military sharp. "Let's head out gentlemen." As we walked away I heard him ask Edward softly. "She's Chief Swan's kid?" They obviously didn't realize they were broadcasting to our local comm lines still. Bear and I glanced at each other and kept quiet as we walked about 40 yards ahead of them. I quickly figured out Edward and I had left our comms open to our local channel which is how Whitlock knew who I was. Since they were still talking I figured Edward hadn't put it together yet. "Yup." "Damn, he's going to kick my ass for suggesting she was soft." Edward sounded smug as he responded. "Yup." "You still thinking of asking her out now that you know who she is? Cuz it could be awkward if you were looking for a pick-up." "Jasper, you are about to get knocked the fuck out." Edward responded irritably. "I'm just asking because you didn't know who she was before, and now you do." Jasper sounded defensive. "you were thinking about it for the past two days." "I'm not that kind of guy Jasper, and you know it." Edward sighed, exasperation clearly ringing in his velvety voice. "And I was thinking about asking her out over a week ago during planning, not just the past two days." I decided I should end this before they said anything really embarrassing. "That's good to know because I'm not that kind of girl either." I said dryly. "What the fuck?" Whitlock exclaimed. "The comm is open, you pricks." Bear laughed. "Aw shit I forgot to tell you man." Whitlock mutters to Edward. "Just kill me now." Edward sighs. I try not to giggle but can't help it. The rest join in laughing. "To answer you both. Yes Whitlock, dad is going to kill you for being mean to his baby girl, who could take you apart with her bare hands if she really wanted to. And yes, Edward, I'll go out on a date with you once we are both back stateside in a few months. I'm sure you can find my dad's number when we get back." "Sounds like a plan." Edward chuckles as they both catch up to us. I look over at him and give him a flirty smile but we both keep a professional distance. A war zone was no place for romance. * Timmy's coffee comes from the Canadian version of Duncan Donuts called Tim Hortons. Tim Hortons actually opened a coffee stand when Canada deployed oversea to Kandahar so the soldiers could get their morning coffee. .