around his shoulders, burying her fists in his hair, her eyes wide, slightly afraid. He kissed her again, deeply, and then gazing into her eyes, he breathed, "Hold on to me, love. Hold me tight." Then he thrust into her. Her eyes snapped shut, and tears squeezed from between her lashes. He hated hurting her, but he gloried in her possession at the same time. 'Mine' he thought again, kissing her tears. 'My mate'. He stilled completely, and they clutched each other as close as possible. "I'm sorry, angel. Lie still. It will pass." She nodded slightly, eyes still closed. Slowly, the pain ebbed. She came back to herself, and opened her eyes to Edward, poised so closely over her, watching with a worried frown. They were pressed tightly together, joined from breast to hip. She drew her knees up his sides, squeezing his ribs. The movement settled him deeper inside of her, and he groaned. "Bella, are you all right? Should I stop?" "No! I'm ok. It's ok. I love you." she whispered. With a rush of relief, he began to move; slow, shallow, gentle thrusts. He kissed her again, his tongue mirroring his hip's movements. Still cupping her head, he devoured her mouth, their only movements the slow thrust of his hips and the turns of their heads to find new, better positions to kiss deeper. He began to move faster, deeper. They couldn't get close enough to each other. They clung to each other like limpets. Quiet words of love were the only sounds in the room. "Oh my love..." "So good. Don't stop..." "Mine. Forever..." "Please... more..." "I love you." "I love you." He could feel it building inside of her, climbing steadily, yet she looked slightly scared at what was happening to her body. He added a slow roll to his hips, grinding his pubic bone against her. She whimpered, her entire body as tight as a bow string. "Let it happen, love... give it to me... let go... I need it..." he groaned. And she did. Her body arched into his. The beauty and power of her orgasm bringing on his, and they found their release together, each crying their pleasure into the others mouth. Shuddering, trembling, muscles locked. Then soft, tender kisses as they came down, murmurs of love and devotion. He shifted to his side, bringing her against his chest, and she curled against him with a sigh. "Are you all right, angel? Did I hurt you?" he whispered, kissing her hair. She sighed again "No, it only hurt for that first moment. After that..." she blushed, and he chuckled, feeling very content and masculine. 'My mate' he thought again, and smiled, cuddling her closer. "Edward," she said, after a few minutes. "Did you mean what you said? That you would turn me when I was ready?" He tensed, and she started to pull away. He wouldn't allow her retreat, and reached to tilt her chin so she was looking into his eyes. "Yes. As much as I don't want to endanger your soul, I can't refuse you ever again. Is it now, Bella?" His face was anguished. She shook her head, and tucked it back under his chin. "No. Not yet. But it makes me feel better that you won't fight me when I am ready." He breathed easier, knowing he had more time. "That doesn't mean I won't try to talk you out of it, love. But when you say the word, I will do it. Because I'm yours, completely. I lived those twenty-four hours thinking I was lost, alone, forever without you... and I never want to feel that again. The horror, the emptiness... it was worse than the hole in my chest that I've been living with for the last seven months by far." Bella's head came up at that. "You had a hole? Here?" She pressed her palm over his silent heart. "Yes," he grimaced. "Like I was missing my heart. And I was. I had left it here with you." "That's funny," she mused. "Funny?" His eyebrows nearly disappeared into his hair. "No, not funny amusing. I felt the exact same thing, Edward. But it closed up when you... when you cried." She ducked her head. "You wouldn't have cried if you didn't love me." He turned her face back up to his again, pressing his lips to hers. "No, love. I wept because I thought that you didn't love me, that I had lost you forever. I was crushed, and desperate. Please know that I didn't do it to manipulate you in any way." She sighed and settled back against his chest. "I know. I felt it. I'm yours, too, Edward. You never lost me. I'm sorry I said those things to you-" "Hush, love. I deserved them and more. But you must swear something to me. Swear you will never again say that you hate me, no matter how angry you are. That nearly destroyed me." He gasped as if feeling physical pain. "Edward, I could never hate you. I was just so angry. Forgive me?" She pressed her lips to the corner of his mouth. "Nothing to forgive, angel. Now hush, and kiss me again. Charlie is coming down the street, and I must mimic Romeo, and flee." With a last kiss, he was out of bed, and dressed in a blink. He tossed Bella her clothes. "You remember the story for Charlie, love?" She nodded, pulling on her clothes as quickly as she could. "Good. I suspect you're in Dutch with him. I don't envy you that. I'll be back tonight. We'll talk all night, if you wish. Miss me?" Bella smiled, "You know it." And he was out the window and gone. With a full and lighter heart, she turned and headed down stairs to face her father. Please, please review! Even if you hate it! Even if it's one word! It's why we FanFic authors do what we do. *whimper*