me, on the table. I took a deep breath and lifted my hands on breasts, firmly grabbing them. Edward groaned when I started kneading my breasts and I whimpered from my own torture. My arousal quickly became unbearable and I folded my knees back towards myself, spreading my legs as much as I could. I slowly lowered my hands to my center, aware of Edward's eyes on me, and grazed my sex. "Mhhmmmm…" I panted as I began to draw circles on my swollen clit. I buried a finger in my wetness and let a new sigh of pleasure escape. "Fuck" Edward groaned as he watched me fingering myself. I kept moving my fingers in my folds until Edward suddenly stood up. He came closer to me and grabbed me by the waist before burying his tongue in my mouth when I reached his height. He pushed me on the sofa and I landed on a cushion, which gave Edward an amazing view on my body. "Fuck, you turn me on so much Bella. Look at how sweet you are… I'm gonna slide in you so easily…" he said seemingly fascinated while skimming his hand over my sex, gathering my juice in his palm. Edward joined me on the sofa and brought his hard member closer to my sex. He put another cushion under my butt, stroke it, then buried himself into me as soon as my butt touched the fabric, his shaft entering me in one fluid motion. In this position, he'd hit my G-spot – or "Edward spot" as I'd started calling it – with every thrust. I would come in almost no time. I waited for him to move, but he didn't. I raised my head and saw him looking at me – no, fucking me – with his eyes. I thrusted my hips, but he blocked them with his two powerful hands, offering me a smirk which caused a new surge of dampness in me. He smiled even more then wispered. "You could make me come only by looking at me, Isabella. You're so... Fuck, I touch myself everyday thinking about you, and about your luscious lips, your tight little pussy. When I'm with another girl, I imagine your sex trapping my dick... Hmmm fuck" he groaned when I contracted my walls around him, even more aroused at his words, in the hopes that he'd really start moving. Besides making me hotter, his words made me understood that I wasn't the only one completely engrossed by him, which made me feel really funny. But it wasn't quite the time to think about that. Without knowing it he distracted me when he suddenly withdrew from me. I looked at him with a confused expression. Edward grabbed his hard member to stroke himself with his eyes on mines, using my own juice to move his hand. I licked my lips, remembering his salty taste, and he did a quick move before stoping. He played with the head of his penis using his thumb, then approached it to move it along my slit, making me ask for his dick. "Say it, Isabella. Tell me what you want" he groaned with his husky voice, still caressing me. "I want… hmm! I want you inside… I want you to take me hard.. to make- FUCK!" I screamed when his penis finally entered me almost violently, rubbing against my insides and hitting my G-spot. Edward was still on his knees while fucking me and I could see his cock thrusting in and out of me. I shouted more than ever, turned on and so close to my orgasm that I was afraid it'd suddenly disappear. "Go ahead Isabella, scream. You're so amazing" he whispered while reaching out to draw harsh circles on my clit. After several thrusts, I came hard around his shaft, screaming his name. "So hot, so good…" he mumbled still burying himself into me. He came too and collapsed on me, breathing hard. Instead of staying idle, he immediately stuck his tongue in my mouth, and one of his hands went to stroke my pussy lips. He raised his hands to our faces and licked his drenched fingers one by one, making me rub myself against him. I had just came, my body was covered in sweat and my lady parts were sensitive, yet I still wanted more and Edward knew that without a doubt. Smiling, he unraveled himself from me and went down to my sex, where our juices mingled. He spread my thighs and placed one of my legs on the armrest, locking it into place. Then, he fondled my sensitive clit with the tip of his tongue, burying it as deeply as possible as he moaned, making unbearable vibrations against my aroused sex. As I noticed his member getting hard once more, I stretched my hand out as far as possible, trying to reach it. When he understood, he moved in order to crouch over my body, his tongue still in me, and I could finally touch his wonder with the tip of my fingers. Letting them run up and down his shaft, I delighted in the hoarse noises he let out against my sex. Horny as we were, it didn't take long before we came together again in loud pleasured moans, winded from the delicious effort we'd just accomplished. "You were incredible" I whispered as he laid down next to me on the sofa. "I return the compliment. I never fuck as well as I do with you… My dick likes you" he laughed as he stroked my back. His eyes watched me with tenderness despite the crudeness of his words, making me understand every innuendo implied by his informal statement. "Well if your cock recovers soon, I'll show it I like it too" I smiled, leaning my head on his torso, making him understand in my own way that I felt the same way he did. Clearly, rehab wasn't for this year… The End