to the back of my arm, and my world goes black. I wake up a little later, in bed, and the room is dark. I can see the light that filters in from the hallway, and I can hear voices. I sit and listen to them, as bits and pieces of partial conversations drift in to me. … total and complete breakdown … most likely brought on by the anniversary date and the coincidence of the name Edward she was supposed to meet with … figment of her imagination … living in a psychotic delusion, only her life outside the house is real … not sure how long she can maintain this until she loses touch and shuts down … indefinitely I step into the bathroom and make use of the facilities before I make my way downstairs to see if they have finally found Edward, so he can clear this all up. As I step back out into the bedroom, I see Edward sitting in the chair in our bedroom. "Edward, oh, thank God, you're here. Did you see our family downstairs? They've been questioning me about you all afternoon. Please, help me. Go and talk to them." He sits stoically and doesn't meet my eyes when I talk to him. "Edward, please, talk to them. Just talk to them; help me fix this." He wouldn't turn his head to talk to me or even acknowledge me in any way. Panic fills me and I scream at him. "Edward, talk to them! Just talk to them, now. Clear this up." Carlisle, Charlie, and Dr. Amun run up the stairs. "Bella, are you okay? Tell me." I point to the chair. "It's Edward. He won't talk to me; he won't answer your questions or fix this. He won't talk." I scream. All three faces rapidly glance from the chair to me and back to the chair again. This time Dr. Amun approaches me. "Bella, Edward isn't here. He's not." "Yes, he is. He's right there, in that very chair. Tell them, Edward, explain things." Charlie takes me in his arms. "Bella, honey, Edward's dead, he's gone. He can't talk to you or me or anyone. I'm sorry, honey, but he's gone. He died in the accident. He didn't make it; he's gone. He's been gone for over a year now. I'm so sorry, honey, I'm so sorry." Carlisle helps support me as my legs give out. When my eyes open again, I see the empty chair, I see clothes that used to belong to Edward strewn about our room. I see my reflection, and I realize how right Alice was to worry about me. I'm skin and bones, my eyes are flat, and my hair is greasy and hangs limp. I'm not the person I used to be, and apparently, will never will be again because without Edward and our child, I'm nothing but an empty useless shell. I feel us shift as Carlisle and Charlie take me toward the door. I know without being told where I'm going. I know my fate, and I'm perfectly fine with it. Maybe they can keep me medicated to the point where I won't realize I'm without Edward. Maybe they will take it to the point where I won't even remember Edward. At this point, I don't care; I just know I can't stay here. I can't be where he's not. And it hits me, if he's not here then I don't want to be. I will go where he is. "Wait, can I get my things?" I speak slowly and calmly. "Sure, Bella. Gather a few things and we can go." Dr. Amun nods his head as he answers me. I can see he's glad I'm going willingly, so he will make a small concession for me if that's all it takes. I step into the closet and grab an overnight bag; I move into the bathroom and push the door partially closed. I move things and make rattling noises so they think I'm gathering my things. When I find the pills, I slip the lid off and swallow as many as I can. I know it's more than enough, way more. "I'm just going to use the bathroom; I'll be right out." They glance my way but continue talking as soon as I finish speaking. The door closes quietly, locks even more quietly. I drop to the ground and wait for Edward to come and take me, take me to where he is. I hope it happens quickly. I want to see him. It feels like seconds, and yet, at the same time, an eternity later. I feel the brush of his hand against my face. My body is slouched over and almost lying on the cold floor. I don't even care because, finally, Edward is with me. "Oh, baby, why? I would have waited for you. You didn't have to come to me so soon." His gentle kisses to my forehead are cold. I know for sure, I'm almost gone from this world because Edward was never cold. He was always warm—my warmth, my light. "I'm sorry. I was weak; I couldn't wait." I offer. "It's okay. We're together now. I knew forever would never be enough with you." He smirks as he says this, something he's been telling me for years now. Now, we really have forever together. "Come on, meet Andrew." I frown as I stand. "Andrew?" His smile is so sweet and loving. "Andrew, our son." I gasp. I know there is no way I'm ever leaving this place, wherever we are, because everything I need is here. My husband and my son. I'm finally home with Edward again. So ... what did you guys think? Sorry it's not an official HEA but it is Halloween so I went in the spirit of the holiday. I did enjoy writing for you guys again so who knows, maybe you might be seeing me again soon. Till next time...