leave. Please? I can't stay here anymore. I see my best friend everywhere I go. He was my very first friend and I miss him." He whispered, but then screamed. I watched as Isabella put her hands over the bite and they started glowing a bright orange. It seemed like hours later, but was only a couple of minutes, they both opened their eyes. Embry was completely fine and didn't even have a scar on his arm. He quickly hugged her and kissed her cheek. Apparently her smell didn't bother him like it did some of the others. "Are we all leaving this house after their gone?" Isabella asked as she looked at all of them. "Yeah we are Darlin'. We figured that you'd want to be gone soon." I said as I held Alice still. She was trying to bite me. As if that would phase me one bit. "Let's just remove their heads then and burn the damn house down. I can't stand to be here any longer and I'm tired of looking at them. They're all pathetic." And from the sound of her voice I could tell that healing Embry had drained her since she hadn't fed yet. I quickly removed their heads and the rest of the wolf pack and my family helped me carry them upstairs. "Alright sweetheart. Let's go." Seth said as he looked down at her. She helped Embry up and we all walked upstairs. We placed the bodies around the living room. I was going to start a fire in the kitchen and just let it spread. We had called Charlie earlier and told him to not worry about smoke coming from the house. He said he'd field any calls about it. He had been let in on the secret simply because he was now an honorary member of the tribe. They didn't really have a choice when he saw how much Jacob's death was effecting Bella. "This will be the last time I ever see any of you until I get to Hell. I hope you all rot. You destroyed my life on purpose. You knew I wasn't meant to be with any of you, but yet you constantly put me in danger and then killed the one person who had been there for me through it all. I can't believe any of you did this. I loved you all at one point and wanted to be a part of your family, then you left me and I fell in love with the greatest person I've ever known. Jake was everything to me and you took him away. You had always said you didn't want to be monsters and now I know it was all an act. I hope the devil makes you pay." I heard Isabella say from the living room. I knew she needed this closure and I was glad she was getting it. With the fire started in the kitchen I ushered everyone out of the house. I knew it wouldn't take long for it to spread with the accelerant I had used. As we made it outside the other wolves showed up. Sam phased almost immediately and looked at the burning house. Purple smoke had started to rise into the sky. "Is it done?" He asked. "It will be. We might want to move back a bit before the house explodes." I said and we all moved away just as the house went up in flames. We could all hear the screams coming from the Cullen's. I watched as Isabella closed her eyes. "Are you alright Darlin'?" I asked as I watched her and monitored her emotions. "It's finally over. Jacob can rest in peace now. I avenged his death and I hope he can rest now knowing I'm safe, protected and loved just like he would have wanted." She whispered. I put my arm around her shoulders and Seth wrapped his around her waist while his chin rested on her head. The pack circled us as we all embraced. It was a good feeling. I knew this was just the beginning for a lot of us, but it was the end of one chapter in our lives. Things were finally looking up. Jacob I watched as my brothers, sister, Jasper and his siblings embraced my mate. It was strange seeing them and not being able to interact with them, but my Grandfather gave me this gift to see my mate one last time. He knew how worried I had been when I died and left her with a broken imprint. I knew from the beginning that Edward had been manipulating her and their scent messed with her head. I was going to miss her, but I knew Seth would take care of her. It was the first thing I asked Taha Aki to do when I got to the other side. I needed someone I trusted to be able to look out for her and I knew Seth would be perfect for her. I knew she was a vampire now, but I also knew it was the only way for her to cope with my death. I hated leaving her like I did. I had broken my promise, but I knew she had forgiven me especially after she learned what the Cullen's had done. I felt a pull on my spirit and I knew it was time for me to leave. I closed my eyes and asked Taha Aki to let her know I was here. As I opened my eyes I saw Bells looking straight at me with a smile on her face and I knew she had seen me. I could go in peace now and I let my spirit leave the Earthly plane to go rest. I would always watch out for her, but I knew she was in good hands now. Everything would be okay now. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned and the Cullen's learned that the hard way.