Jared, and Brady." I nodded to each boy as an acknowledgement. Some said hi and some just nodded back. "And the other one Paul, still being a douchebag, is still up on the cliff taking his sweet time to jump," Quil said indicating with his head where Paul was with an annoyed face. Right when I looked upon the cliff was when the figure of a guy jumping perfectly off the cliff and into the water. He made a huge splash, guess he's a show off or something. When he swam to shore, he cockily shouted how his was the best jump out of them and the biggest one, while he shook his hair free of access water. Every one told him to shut up and when he got closer, Jake introduced me to him. I looked at him; he was dripping wet and the water slid off of his body quickly, like he was too hot for the water to cling to him. When our eyes meet at first it look like he was irritated. Then all of sudden he became very stunned like he had saw a ghost or a horrific sight. I glance over my shoulder, well Ethan wasn't here, so what's got him all wide eyed and having an awed face. "HA! It has happen to you now," Quil shouted in victory, while the others were shocked by Paul's reaction. What was up with this? Why are they now staring at me in a weird way like I'm part of them or something. Then some started smirking finding this awkward situation amusing. Paul's face suddenly became angry with a hot glare shot towards me. What the hell did I do? "Damn it! I can't believe this," Paul shouted and stormed away fast and was out of sight in no time. Jared stayed silent with a slight curve of his mouth twitching, not watching Paul walk way. While Seth's eyes followed Paul's figure then his eyes came back to me, smiling happily. Quil was still happy and was laughing at Paul's reaction for some reason. Embry was laughing too with Quil and they were both joking about it but I couldn't hear exactly what they were saying. Brady and Collin were smiling and staring at me as well as did Jake, as he turned back to me. "Would you care to join us tomorrow for a Braque?" Jake asked nicely towards me. I was going to decline but Seth interjected, "That's a great idea!" Seth said wheeling with excitement at Jake's idea. "Yes please come, it be a joy to have you there," Quil said from his place on the sand, grinning from ear to ear. "I-I would but sadly I have to unpack before school starts up for me, so sorry," I said nicely even though I lied with the unpacking excuse. There was something weird about them and the way they were looking at me. "Aw well maybe next time" Seth said kind of disappointed then shot right back up again, "So where do you live at in Forks, so we can stay in touch?" His question was little surprising since I wouldn't expect them to want to know where I live. Instead I just gave them my cell number and I parted my ways with them. They sure acted like I was going to be hanging with them a lot, but maybe I'm reading into their looks too much. Nope that can't be it. When I got home Ethan was there with dinner already ready. He told me he got a job at a store and ask me about my day. I told him about the boys I met, but left the part out about their stares and that Paul kid. Ethan thought it was good I met new people but didn't like the fact they were all boys. We said night to each other after our talk as I head to my room. I stayed up late that night with thoughts haunting me in the back of my mind of the past. I wrote down the stuff I thought of to make me sleepy, it didn't work. My mind drifted to Paul, the guy I met today. My brain was wacked with confusion. Why did he become angry at me? I didn't do anything. Sighing I gazed out my window and did a double take, I could of sworn I had saw a grey wolf glaring at me from the forest. But nothing was there when I looked the second time. I searched the woods one more time with my eyes but there was nothing. I laid back down thinking my brain had had it and was now creating stuff up. I closed my eyes to see the wolf's glare combined with Paul's. It lingered in my mind until I was almost sleep when I heard the howling of the wolves that woke me right up again, till visions on the past crashed down on to my heavy lids so that I only saw the crash that killed my father every time my eyes shut. Shivering from the cold, exhaustion took me and brought me back to my nightmares. A/N: Please forgive me for misspelling anything and for bad grammar if you find it. I hope for you to review and tell me if you like the start or not and if you're intereste d in the story. Flames are welcome because I find them encouraging to do better. So Review Please. Also you can always go to my profile to see if I'm working on the story or not because I update it every time I write another page or not. *Side Note* Any of you who read my other stories I want to let you know I am working on them. Don't forget to REVIEW! Disclaimer: I don't own any of Stephenie Meyer's characters or anything related to the book But I do own Lela and Ethan since I created them!