asked her if she wanted to follow me on our drive or bring her brother home. Angela opted to follow me. We drove on the Route 101 and accelerated the little child whooped in excitement beside me. Half an hour later we arrived in the outskirts of Port Angeles. We immediately turned around and drove back home. When the road was free I accelerated to 140 mph and Marc beside me whooped in joy. Another half an hour later we stopped in the drive way of Marc's house. When I opened his door and let him out he hugged me around the legs and thanked me for at least a minute. After he released my legs he ran back to his house and jumped in his father's arms and began to babble about his experience in the Lamborghini Aventador SV. His father smiled at his hyper son and nodded in thanks at me. Waving good-bye I got in my car and followed Angela to her home. After she left her brother at home we drove the two cars back to my place. After I packed a bag with short shorts, a tank top and clothes for the next day, I grabbed the key for the Jaguar F-Type R AWD Coupe. After I drove Angela home I drove to the Cullen mansion. When I parked my car in front of the house Rose was already waiting for me. Not a second later the door opened and Rose pulled me out of the car in her arms rather enthusiastically. I just laughed and kissed her on the lips. For the rest of the evening we did the normal things teenagers do with their girlfriends, meaning snogging, watching TV and so on. "Bella we get visitors tomorrow. A few friends from Alaska are coming to visit." Rose whispered after an extra intensive snogging session. Still being out of breath I just shrugged and cuddled into her. "I have to leave for Carson tomorrow around midday. And won't they make problems for you that you told a human about vampires?" I mumbled to sleepy to talk louder. "No they won't make problems. They themselves are vegetarians and if they make problems we just tell them we plan on changing you." Rose mumbled back and began to kiss my pulse-point. "Do I have to know anything about them?" I asked her and shifted so that I laid on my back. "Their coven consists of five vampires all vegetarians. A married couple, Eleazar and Carmen, and three sisters, Tanya, Kate and Irina. Irina is the leader of the coven and all three are succubae. The sisters were turned around 1000A.D. by Sasha, who they saw as their mother. Sasha wanted a child so she turned are child hat was almost an infant still. The child could not control itself and killed the whole town. The Volturi killed the immortal child and its creator. Tanya, Kate and Irina never forgave the Volturi for killing their mother." Rose's said sadly. "Only Eleazar and Kate have powers. Eleazar has the gift of power identification and Kate can give electric shocks to people by skin contact." Thinking about what I just learned about the friends of the Cullen's I cuddled closer to Rose. Slowly my eyelids got heavier and they closed on their own accord. Slowly what felt only minutes later I was woken up to someone massaging my butt through my panties with my head resting on a soft but cold pillow. "Wake up Sleepyhead." Someone whispered in my ear. Not wanting to wake up I buried my head deeper into my soft pillow and grumbled something I couldn't understand myself. Suddenly cold hands lifted the waistband of my panties and a finger began to stroke over my nether lips. When the finger suddenly stopped I moaned in disappointment. "I want to make love to you as much as you want to, but you know we have visitors who can hear us and you have to leave in an hour." Rosalie reminded me and kissing me on the mouth. Rolling to the edge of the bed I stood up looked over my shoulder who was lying on the bed I shoot her a seductive look and made a 'follow-me` motion with my finger and walked to the shower. On the way I stripped out of my tank-top and the boy-shorts I wear at night. Just before I stepped in the shower I cast a look back in the room and asked. "What are you waiting for? You have to shower too." I stepped back inside turned on the shower to a good temperature and climbed in. Not a minute later Rose joined me. After a few minutes Rose began to wash my back. When she finished with my back she picked up the conditioner and squirted a generous amount on my hair and began to massage my scalp. Half an hour later Rose and were both completely clean and stepped out of the shower. Sitting down in front of Rose's make up mirror combing my hair in a French braid. Putting on skin tight jeans, and a t-shirt I followed Rose down to the kitchen where breakfast was already waiting for me. "How long are you going to be on the road today, honey?" Esme asked me when I sat down at the table. "I plan to drive to San Francisco today. That is a 14 hour drive and almost 900 miles. But I can drive a little faster than the speed limit and when the police is near I'm sure Alice will call me to warn me." I said smiling up at Esme. "So my estimate I should reach San Francisco around 8 pm with a few little breaks to go to the toilet and eat something." Suddenly five people I had never seen before invaded the room and starred at me. One of the woman sneered at me. "Who are you and what are you doing here?"