smile you've seen me give you." So Edward had definitely noticed my existence before. He was just better at hiding his feelings. But... did this mean he had feelings for me? Ugh, I was being so silly. A smile doesn't mean he likes you. "Take a walk with me?" "Sure." We walked past all the moving people, and I got a glimpse of the Cullens and Hales on the dance floor, moving so gracefully. As we stepped outside, the music could still be heard, but without all the commotion of people. The moonlight reflected off Edward's golden vestments, making him more unreal and angelic than before. "Edward, you have no idea how good you look in that outfit," I said without shame. A day ago, I would've been too embarrassed to say anything, but tonight, things had changed. For the better, I hoped. He slipped his hands in his pockets and looked up at the sky. "I look good? Have you even seen yourself? Bella, you look ravishing in that dress." Then he looked down at me. "You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen and you continue to be the most beautiful. I meant what I said earlier; you're radiant and I am so lucky to be with you." "Have you always thought that?" "I have." "Then why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you ever talk to me?" I countered, my annoyance rising. The frustration started to get to me now. Here was this gorgeous boy who had ignored me, left me wondering, and then I attempted to befriend him, when all along, he had a thing for me as well. This had to be a joke. "Are you lying?" "No. Why would I?" "Because you avoided all contact with me! And besides, you're this really great and charming guy, and I'm just some boring girl with a crush." Just as I said those words, a slow song started to play, one that we both happened to recognize immediately. Tale as old as time True as it can be Barely even friends Then somebody bends Unexpectedly Edward grinned at me. "Okay, this is a must dance for us." He grabbed my hand, and there was a shock. I realized this was the first time he had ever touched me. "Edward... unless you're asking for a trip to the hospital, don't dance with me." Instead, he just pulled me closer. "Lucky for you, I know how to dance. It's just swaying back and forth." "Yes, but remember, I have tripped over my own feet." "Don't worry. Now that I have you, I don't plan on letting you go." He put his hands around me as we swayed to the music. Ever just the same Ever a surprise Ever as before Ever just as sure As the sun will rise I'm sure that if Edward could hear my heart, he would know it was beating at top speed right now. He was so close that I could smell his intoxicating sweet scent. I could not believe this was happening. He'd been the center of my universe for months and now, we were slow dancing. Just me and him. Nothing in the world felt as right as this very moment. Tale as old as time Song as old as rhyme Bitter sweet and strange Finding you can change Learning you were wrong I was wrong indeed... Edward had these feelings for me, and I for him. "I have to wonder, if you had feelings for me, then why didn't you acknowledge me?" He sighed, "Bella, it's very complicated for you to understand right now. I've always had feelings for you, for as long as I've known you. You were beautiful, adorable, witty, quirky, and so intellectual. I never had feelings like this for anyone. When I realized them, it was too late to turn back, and I could've embraced them. I could've cherished you and given you the affection you deserve. But you must realize I'm no good for you. I'm a monster in many ways. A beast , you could say." He chuckled but his eyes were sad. "Edward, you're no beast. I would know if you were. I've been trying to figure you out, and there's no evil in you." "There's so much you have yet to know." I gazed down at his jacket, focusing on the shiny buttons. "I always thought you hated me." He cupped my cheek and forced me to look at him, "How could I ever hate you? You're everything that's right for me, and I'm everything that's wrong for you." "You are exactly perfect for me. I won't run away screaming, Edward. I'll stay by your side, no matter what." He rested his forehead against mine, closing his eyes. "I don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore." "Then don't. I don't want you to leave me." He smiled at me, and it was that smile that I loved so much. "I'm here to stay, Princess." "Promise?" "Promise." He sealed it with a kiss. His lips were cold, but my whole body heated up, and I held onto him tighter. It was a slow, hesitant kiss, but it was perfect. He pulled back and his eyes shined as bright as the stars above us. "There'll be more where that came from." Tale as old as time Song as old as rhyme Beauty and the beast. So, if you haven't already figured it out yet, Edward and the Cullens/Hales are vampires, but Bella doesn't know that yet. Edward keeps his golden eyes because he hates wearing contacts, but the rest of them wear contacts, so that's why Bella only notices his eyes. Please leave a review because they're so lovely and I like knowing what my readers think! Also, special shout out to my beta, pinetree13. Don't know what I'd do without her guidance. Lastly, check out my other one shots because I plan on writing a lot more E/B! -Alexis