himself noticing the same flowers and waving at the same people. It cheered him as he basked in the routine of his stroll. There appeared to be more people in the park on that day. It seemed he wasn't the only one to recognize the exquisiteness of that particular day. As many times as Edward had walked that very path, in that very park, he never failed to enjoy each moment. Off in an adjacent field, were two young children trying their best to get their kite off of the ground. He beamed, finding some humor in their frustration. He watched as they plotted and as the older one took off running with the simply designed kite in his hands. The boy let go at exactly the right moment and rejoiced as the contraption caught wind and took off flying into the sky. The children jumped in victory, and his smile widened. He watched for a few more moments as he continued down the dirt path. The moment he looked away, a quick yet bright light shined in his eyes and once again his attention was taken away from the road under his feet. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust but once they did he noticed something more intensely stunning than anything else in the park. The reflection came from a necklace, a gold chain the hung from the neck of the most picturesque young woman he had ever seen. The sun seemed to be rising in front of her, illuminating the smooth surface of her skin. Her hair was pinned up away from her face, the natural golden red highlights bringing out the slight pink of her cheeks. She was truly the definition of lovely, and Edward decided in that moment that he must know her. It only took a moment of distraction before he was no longer taking in the beauty that was this mysterious young woman and was instead kissing the dirt that he once walked on. He groaned, feeling the rocks that were now digging into his organs. He was utterly mortified, and could only hope that the youthful beauty had not seen him become better acquainted with the earth. "Oh no!" The voice which Edward could only assume belonged to her was more delightfully charming than he could have anticipated. The sun retracted and was replaced with the shade of someone standing over him. He managed to look up to see her, holding her flawless hand out to help him. She looked even softer from this angle and he wanted nothing more than to reach out to her. Edward could live the rest of his life without the sun, as long as he had her to brighten his world. "Are you okay?" She asked, oblivious to the thought process going on in the young man's mind. Edward reached out for her hand, noting that it was even smoother than it looked. "Oh yes, I am fine." He said once he was on his feet, dusting the dirt off of his clothes. "Thank you, Miss." She smiled at him, and he was spellbound. "I'm Edward Masen." He somehow managed to say once he found his voice again. He was desperate to know her name. He wanted to know everything about her. "Nellie Ann Carter." She greeted him warmly. It wasn't until that moment Edward noticed her Father standing a few feet away. She must have been walking with him, but he had not observed the older man. "Let's go, Nellie." Her Father said upon making eye contact with Edward. "Goodbye, Edward." Nellie offered him a smile, and he was nothing less than dazzled. She turned away to return to her Father, but Edward stayed firmly planted to the ground. He watched as she disappeared from in front of him, but refused to let her disappear from his life. He came to his senses as she was about to turn the corner and leave his eyesight and instantaneously followed her. He had never felt so instantly connected to someone. He had courted his fair share of young woman, but it was more of something he felt like he should do, rather than he needed to do. Becoming attached to Nellie was as easy as falling to the ground had been. Both had happened quickly, and were out of Edward's control. Edward understood exactly how insane it was to follow someone he has barely met, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He also understood that if her Father saw him following them, he would likely lose a few teeth. Edward should have worried about these things, but he simply had to see her again. He could willingly accept the consequences that came with being caught, but he couldn't accept not seeing her again. He watched as she walked, the dress of her skirt falling delicately across her legs with each step. He followed her back down the path he had come only a short time before. He followed her down the road and past his house, where he could imagine his Mother in the kitchen preparing dinner. He followed them until she followed her Father into a house that stood taller than the ones around it. It was vast in size and pure in color. Even the extravagance of the house paled in comparison to her intricate beauty. He stands a distance away, wondering how he can possibly convince her of his good intentions. How could he possibly court such a woman, who could put him on his knees with the slight flutter of a smile? "Nellie Ann Carter." Edward said the name out loud, letting the sound of it wash over him. He would walk home by himself that night, but he wouldn't be alone. He would never be alone again, as long as he had Nellie floating around in his head. He wasn't sure what his next move would be, but one thing was certain. Edward Masen would never be the same.