but you can call me Bella." Alice positively beamed at me. "Isabella," she tried, rolling the name around in her mouth. "I like it. It's pretty." I cocked my head to one side, considering her. She was strange, Alice, but in a good way. I liked her, a lot. I just hoped I hadn't just ruined any chance of friendship with her by bawling on her shoulder, but to be fair, she hadn't seemed to mind much. "Are you feeling better, Bella?" Alice asked gently, pulling my hands into her lap. Her skin was very cold, but very smooth. "We can stay here if you aren't ready to leave yet." "I'm feeling much better, actually," I admitted sheepishly. "I guess I really did need to talk to someone." "Well, I'm here any time you need to talk," Alice assured me, squeezing my hands in hers. "Really I am. Talking is my best quality because I never shut up, according to my brothers." I had to laugh at that, and Alice hauled me to my feet before handing me a slip of paper. "That's my number," she informed me almost shyly. "You will text me, won't you? Even if it's just to keep me company?" Her large, pouting eyes were utterly irresistible, and I knew I'd text her outside of a mental breakdown. It was another pivotal moment then, my gazing into those honey-gold eyes. I knew Alice was special, and that my friendship with her was going to change my life. I knew that this moment was special, and that it would define me just as much as my mother telling me that she had cancer. I couldn't explain this feeling, but I knew . "Yeah," I answered with a smile. "I'd like that." I gave her my number as well, at her insistence. Alice gave me another winsome smile. "Come on. I'll walk you to your car," she offered. "I think Esme brought your groceries out for you." I blushed heavily, both mortified and mystified that the poor woman would do that for me. "She didn't have to do that for me," I muttered. I didn't have any cash with me: just my card. I wouldn't even be able to pay her back. "Maybe not, but she wanted to," was the only comment Alice gave as she began to walk with me back across the parking lot. Sure enough, the woman –Esme—was waiting for us, leaning up against the side of a canary-yellow Porsche. Two grocery bags rested at her feet. Alice danced right up to her, gave her a peck on the cheek (which even with the red pumps she was wearing was a tip-toed stretch for her—she was absolutely tiny) and snatched up the bags, which she shoved right into my waiting arms. This time, as I looked upon Esme, she didn't bear as close a resemblance to my mother as I'd first thought. It didn't hurt as much to see her. The distressed expression on her face certainly didn't smack of my mother at all. (My mother wasn't ever distressed like that. Something about positive energy in life and other such nonsense.) "I'm sorry I freaked out a little back there," I spoke before she had a chance to. "It wasn't your fault, and it was really nice of you to bring my groceries for me. You didn't have to do that." Esme gave me a radiant smile, and I suddenly realized how much I'd worried the woman. It was almost unfathomable. She didn't even know me, and yet here she was, fretting that she'd offended me. Hell, the woman was casually leaning against a very, very expensive Porsche and she was afraid that I, the rather ragged-looking street urchin, was upset with her! Her altruism astounded me. "It was no trouble at all, dear," she assured me. "It was the least I could do. Will you be all right to drive home?" I nodded, touched. First Alice, and now Esme? They were… wonderful. And for the first time in so, so long, I felt more than miserable or apathetic. I felt, for a moment, happy . It was beautiful. "I'll be fine," I promised, hoisting the bags into a more comfortable position and fumbling into my bag for my keys. "I don't live far, and I'll probably see you around anyhow. Forks isn't very big, after all," I pointed out in a frankly pathetic attempt at humor. Still, both Esme and Alice renewed their smiles and waved to me. It didn't escape my notice that their eyes followed my little Toyota's progress until I turned safely out of sight. It was comforting. This story is not a story of my life. It's not a story of how I grew from a girl to a woman. It's not a story of adventure, or even of romance. It's a story of love, in all its many forms. Humans live passionately, burning their candle from both ends and yet burning all the brighter because of it, and with immortality involved, it's all too easy to see that flame gutter and die. Love's the only thing that can keep it going, and perhaps that sounds too cliché, but it's the truth. Life is full of opposites, and while the world is full of hatred and pain and suffering and things so horrible that I can't even understand how they could exist, it's love that makes it worth it. I am Isabella Swan, and this is my story. A/N: A little dark to start off with, I know, but I want to stick with the theme of little (or big) events changing lives, and this is my best friend's story. I was one of those friends she abandoned, even though we later reconnected, and I know exactly how her mother's death changed her, so I feel pretty comfortable writing about her healing process. Reviews are very welcome! I'd love suggestions, and any comments are appreciated. Hope you enjoyed so far!