to find a way to comfort his pack mates. Embry had been wronged, but he shoved it aside to help his pack mates. He regarded Leah and she nodded with encouragement in turn. Finally his deep voice reached out like a wind smoothing out a turbulent ocean. "I want you to know that Leah and I care about you. We support you in whatever decision you make. Lee and I do not need to be the alpha pair, we don't desire that kind of power." Leah took Embry's cue and began to speak. "It's obvious though you need a break. This is a lot to take in. Too much frankly. We'll take care of things until you're ready. We have several young wolves who are ready to take over many pack responsibilities. When and if the time is right, and you decide to return, we'll be waiting with open arms." "Are you kicking us out?" Sam asked, disgruntled. "Of course not!" Jared interjected, glaring at him. "They're being kind, you jerk. They're give us time to sort out things out." "We'll deal with the hierarchy later," Embry assured all of them. "I think I can speak for Leah, because I'm sure she'll interrupt if I'm wrong." He smiled at her. "But we've all been hurt by imprinting and the supernatural in some way. I'm trying my best to set you free from the responsibility of the pack. If I have one decision as an Alpha, it would be to take away the Alpha command and give you a choice as to how to live your life." Leah smiled brilliantly at her husband. "You're always welcome to the Pack, but it should be because you want to be part of it, not because you have to be." "We're here for you," Embry continued. "If you need some place to stay, we're here for you." "With house rules," Leah added, glaring at the mischievous gleam in Quil's eyes. "I'm sorry this has happened," Billy added, gazing at Jacob who averted his eyes. He then turned his eyes to Embry who deliberately looked away. Her husband dealt with so much, he needed time to digest the whole situation. She worried about Jacob as well. His whole life had been turned upside down. Billy's face aged right before her eyes. Defeated, he slumped over. Leah knew he loved his family, but in a very real way he brought the situation upon himself. Her heart broke to see him so upset and alone. Right now, he needed to give them all time. Paul turned to take Billy home. The two of them left the house together. Sam followed but not before glancing at her direction. She waved at him, hoping for restoration within his and Emily's relationship. Quil paused before he left and grinned at them. She smirked back, happy for a somewhat jovial presence amidst such sorrow and confusion. "So did you mean it when you said we could live with you?" "We meant those of you whose living arrangements are affected by the broken imprint. Last I heard you're not living with Claire." Leah scoffed. "But I'm still without an imprint," Quil whined, humor glinting in his eyes. "Don't look at Embry replacing the hole in your heart," Leah warned. "I know you two, you'll spend your entire time playing video games and eating. Worse, our kids will learn how to play video games before they walk." "We'll make sure they'll learn to walk first," Embry assured her. "Embry don't you even think of it!" Leah scowled, but then smiled. "You know, if you live with us Quil, you'll be on diaper changing duty all the time." "Gotto go," Quil responded quickly. "Wait," Embry croaked hoarsely. "Can you do me a favour? I don't think Jacob can handle seeing me right now, but could you—" "I got it," Quil said reassuringly, nodding his head. "I'll take care of him." "Thank you." Embry sighed in gratitude. Leah knew that he held his friendship with Jacob in utmost importance. They needed each other. Hopefully, even if Jacob never forgave Billy, maybe his relationship with Embry didn't need to change. She watched her husband hang onto the door a little bit longer, watching as Quil scurried off. "You know they'll be all right." The two of them jumped up at the voice behind them. They forgot Jared still remained with them. He looked like he ran a marathon. Physically he appeared tired, his eyes bloodshot. His black shirt hung loose on his gaunt figure. His expression relaxed, as if he lost a huge weight from his shoulders. "I'm sorry Jared, for everything." Leah said quietly. "Don't be," Jared replied, shaking his head. "I think you and Embry taking over as Alphas may be the best thing. Both of you have been through so much. We need that kind of empathy right now." "What are you going to do?" Embry asked. "I don't know," Jared admitted. He put his hand on Embry's shoulder just as he walked out the door. "I might need to stay here for a while." "You'll be welcomed." Leah assured him, giving him a hug. Leah walked over to Embry, who wrapped his arms around her. A small cry filled her ears. She turned towards the stairwell. Soon, the cry would turn from one wail to three. Before she left, she gave Jared a smile. LaPush might never be the same again, but somehow, she knew they would be all right. A/N: As you can tell it really took a village to make this one-shot happen. Because of the "village" I had so much fun writing this piece. Huge thanks to my writing team! Should I continue? Would love your feedback:). Also, I wouldn't mind hearing some thoughts on pairings. I realized that I accidentally rebooted the whole Twilight universe with this story, so aside from Leah and Embry (who are a fixture), I'd like to hear who you'd like to see together.