beside the only man I've ever wanted to love while thinking about how much I've missed feeling him inside me, drinking his lust like a hungry lover. "What did you say, baby." He asks, my words lost because I'm burying my face into his chest so I can take in the scent of the man I have missed for so long. My body feels naked without his linger kisses covering it. Clearing my throat, I move my head a little, but try all I can not to look back into his hopeful eyes. "I want us." They are the only three words I manage to get out, before gripping his awful christmas jumper and force myself to speak. "Why do you always insist on wearing this stuff." I should slap myself, because the words I was thinking seemed to be lost as they left my lips; my old resentment making its escape. A familiar chuckle falls from him, making me feel like I'm pressed against my own earthquake because he is making my whole body shudder. Try as I might I have never managed to get him to stop wearing these novelty jumpers. Its a part of christmas, baby. He would say, pulling me into his arms and kissing away my disapproval. Every year is the same and I find myself looking out for them, but this year I didn't notice what he was wearing, for once in so very many years I didn't check him out like a lovesick teenager. Come to think of it, my hand has missed been in his - when was the last time we walked holding each others? "I'm sorry, baby. I forgot, let me go change." As he goes to stand I find myself screaming for him to stop, using all the force I have to keep him pinned in place below me. "No, I'm sorry. Please don't change, don't . . ." My mouth runs dry and refuses to allow me to utter the final part, the bit where my head is echoing over and over - don't leave me, don't leave me, don't leave me. "Seth, what's wrong? You hate these things, I should have remembered." He never remembers anything though, dates and numbers fall from his head as easily as I put them there. It's another aspect of him I love, but I shouldn't still love him; should I? He cheated on me. The worst kind of betrayal, but for some reason I still find myself with him, my heart unwilling to let him go. "They're a part of you, the jumpers I mean. This has to be the worst, but it wouldn't be christmas if you wore anything else." I whimper. A gasp leaves me when I feel his hand under my chin, pulling my eyes to his and taking me away from the bright red Santa saying Ho, Ho, Ho. "I want you to be happy, baby. Its all I want, for us to go back to how we were." Lost within his pleading eyes, I try to keep from crying at the way the moonlight glimmers in his depths. The most beautiful site sits below me and all I can do it worry and think ill of him. All he has tried to do for so long is beg my forgiveness, plead with me to stop crying. Yet not once have I allowed him this moment, happy to reside within my own misery. "Seth . . . I." His voice trails off with the cooling wind which just passed us, and he takes a moment to gather his thoughts before continuing. While watching me, he takes his hand to below the blanket to his pocket, rummaging for a second and taking a calming breath. "All I want is you, Seth. What happened with Edward had nothing to do with how I felt about you, and I will never allow myself any kind of forgiveness. Never." He reaches out to wipe away tears I wasn't aware had started to fall again, and I don't take notice of what's in his hand until he speaks again. "I know we agreed we didn't need a piece of paper to show we love each other, but." He pauses again and my heart skips a beat. "I want us to have that piece of paper, the whole day. I want the world to know I love you." Pulling me into his chest he hands me a small box, tears now pooling in his eyes when he speaks again. "I want to marry you, Seth Clearwater. If you will have me." His voice is a poor imitation to the normally confident guy, the happy person everyone loves. I don't look at the ring, never once taking my eyes from his and I lead my lips to his and take a kiss like its the first time. We don't break the connection even when the warmth of the bottles dies out and the blankets fall off our bodies, we remain lip locked as the moonlight blesses the snow covered sand around us. I'm not ashamed for groaning when finally he breaks our exchange, because I never want to be doing anything other than kissing him. Fuck what happened, I need to let that go and allow him to give me the life we both deserve. "Seth, baby can I take this as a yes." I'm laughing now, my heart racing as he puts the silver band over my finger. I may not be able to say much, but what I do seems powerful in itself. "Yes." Call me crazy, stupid even, but this moment is finally chasing away that one day, overpowering everything else. I love him, always have, yet his small question is what I needed to know he loves me too. "I'll marry you, Emmett McCarthy. If. you'll have me." He doesn't speak, simply kisses my lips and my heart is no longer the machine keeping me alive, its thumping our love.