but also came up blank. Jasper tried to calm them all down, but it was bouncing off the wolves and they became more hostile. "What are you doing back here leeches," The one that Edward recognized as Jacob Black, hissed. "We came to inform you of the growing population of vampires in the entire state." Carlisle said trying to diffuse the violence. "We know about the vamps, what about them." The second one asked, named Sam Uley. "Sure you know it's dangerous and that they have exposed the secret to humans." "So?" Jacob snipped. "They know our secret to, what of it." "The Volturi can kill us all for this, mutts," Rosalie hissed. "Rose." Esme chided. "That's no way of our problem." Sam said shrugging. "What our problem is, is that you and your coven had to come back on Washington lands." "What did we do?" Emmett asked confused. A few wolves almost lunged over the line if Sam hadn't barked at them. Their rage went into their highest peak. Jasper struggled to keep it from consuming him. A small grey wolf phased in front of everyone, not caring that she was naked at the least. "You sons of bitches, I hope our Queen kills you!" She screeched, stalking over to them. Jacob grabbed her around the waist and held her thrashing body. "You all deserve to die for what your family put her through!" Some of the Cullens hissed. The human hidden behind Edward whimpered. "Leah calm down," Jacob soothed, rubbing her back. "No I'm telling the Queen!" She barked, pulling away. "She deserves to know this!" Then she sniffed in their direction, scowling at Edward. "I see you found yourself another human bitch, you gay virgin priss. You do get distracted quickly, breaking other girls hearts. You're worse than your family of piss colored eyes." With that insult, she phased and hopped over the line running towards her destination. Emmett had to hold Rosalie down from chasing after Leah. Jasper had gotten control of his emotions. Alice rubbed her temples, muttering about how she couldn't see. Edward was trying to console his human. Carlisle was holding Esme, who buried her head in his chest. Sam and Jacob looked after the wolves, who bounded over the line after Leah, heading straight for the Queen's home. Jacob was the next one, after flipping off the Cullens. Sam stood there alone, looking at each Cullen, distrust and disgust radiating from him. "And leech?" He called to Carlisle, who snapped his head to him." Consider the treaty between the you and the wolves over." "What?" Carlisle asked in shock. "The treaty died the day you endangered a human five years ago and left her in the forest. Good day." His monotone voice made them shiver. Sam leaped over the line and phase, sprinting after his brothers and sister. The Cullens looked at each other and Jasper just pushed away from the tree he was leaning on. "I'm leaving." He said before running back to where the cars were. The rest followed. "I guess the only option is to ask Charlie and Bella, if they're still alive." Carlisle sighed. "I am not endangering my Bella again," Edward hissed, only to be punch by Rosalie. "Shut up! It's because of you that any of this happened." She hissed at him. "And they are probably dead or changed anyway." "Let's just go!" Alice snapped. "I want to see my sister!" "You lost that right to call her your sister the day you guys made us leave her." Emmett snapped for the first time of his vampire life. The happy go lucky burly vamp was glaring at Edward and Alice who had the decency to be ashamed. "But it was for the best," Edward said weakly. "Bullshit!" "Emmett, language." Esme reprimended. Emmett didn't even apologize. Just grabbed Rosalie and jumped in his Jeep with Jasper in the back seat before peeling out of the clearing, a scowl that looked out of place on his usual happy face. The four scrambled after them. Charlie's house looked much different. It was now three stories high and much bigger. His police cruiser was park in the front so they knew they didn't get the wrong house. Carlisle knocked on the door. Esme standing next to him, Edward, his human and Alice behind. While Emmett, Jasper, and Rosalie all stood in the back, glaring. The door opened and a very human Charlie stood in front of them. The Cullen watched as many emotions passed on his face, until one clear one his face. Rage. Before Carlisle could open his mouth, Charlie lashed out. "Get the fuck off my property and out of this state, you weren't and never will be invited here. Never come near me again, you piss eyed thumper cannibles." The door slammed in their faces before a change to the house happened. The windows were barred so were the doors. Then electricity came on. It crackled around the house. It seemed to be over 1000 volts of it. Alice reached out and touched it and ended up on her back on the sidewalk. While the Cullen parents and Edward and his human went to console Alice, who, by the way, was smoking - literally. The three heard the phone call from inside. "Hey, it's me." Charlie said. ... "Yeah it's a code yellow. I want them here pronto." ... "Alright thanks Enrique and tell Yoda to put up Washington's defense system. Nobody goes out and nothing comes in, got it." ... "Okay, tell her I love her and I'll be there as soon as I can. ... "Alright Bye." Jasper, Rosalie, and Emmett looked at each other. What was that all about? What happened after they left Washington five years ago? How was that? I hope you guys enjoyed it. Having half days makes it really easy to bring your laptop to school and work on stories. That and school's almost over. Finally. Review for meh! xoxo