they both knew how I felt about these things. Rosalie spoke up as Alice went to the entry closet, placing her hand on the knob, "Okay, we know how you feel about men right now, and we completely don't blame you. I still owe Jake a kick in the nuts, you know. Anyway, we hate that you're living alone here, and we..." she trailed off. Alice took up the reins, "We got you a companion!" She pulled open the closet door abruptly, and there inside... Was Nicky Brooks. He was smiling pleasantly at me. Nicholas Brooks. Was standing in my closet. Smiling. Like any of this was normal in any way. I wasn't sure if I should scream, faint, or run away in terror. "Alice," I said shakily, "Why is Nicky Brooks in my closet?" Rosalie grinned, "That is not Nicholas Brooks. That, my lovely, is Edward." "Hello," he said sweetly. His voice was soft and velvety, like a caress. I looked at my former friend uncomprehendingly. Alice took my hands again, "We remembered that you had a crush on Nick in high school, so we took his HoloPic to the shop when we ordered Edward. Bella, Edward is a Real Man™. He's an android." She pulled a glossy owner's manual out of her bag and thrust it at me. I didn't take it, too stunned to move, and she threw it on the entry table. "You bought me a sex robot ?" I shrieked. My mind flashed to the afternoon we had spent looking at the Real Man™ website on my computer, using the "Build Your Own" feature and giggling, adding and removing options. "That was a joke! Why would you do this?" I was having trouble breathing. "Wait," Rose held up her hand. "He's not just for sex. Although if you pass that part up, you're an idiot. He can play chess, cards and video games. He will clean and do your laundry. Think of him as a maid slash companion, with a dick. And a tongue. They're programmed to be perfect lovers," She finished dreamily. "Rosalie!" I groaned, yanking my hands from Alice's and dropping my head into them. "What?" She was trying for nonchalance, but only succeed in looking smug. I couldn't take any more. I looked up once again, and there stood Edward, gorgeous, looking just like Nick. Green eyes, messy bronze hair, tall... I slammed the closet door. "You need to take him back. Now." Alice led me into the living room, "Bella, Bella, Bella. Don't be hasty. Let him stay for a trial period, at least. Give him six months-" "Six months?" I shouted. "Fine, three months. If you haven't warmed up to him by then, we'll put him on Craigslist." "Warmed up..." I think I was in shock, just a bit. There was a sex android in my coat closet, and my best friends in the world had put him there. As a gift. God help me. My so-called friends sat me down on the sofa, flanking me and each taking a hand. Rosalie smiled like she was addressing a mental patient, "Now, Bella. Just give him a chance. You don't have to use him for sex. But he's quite intelligent, and can converse on any topic. You could use him for a study aid, if nothing else." Alice piped up, "And we're not taking him back for the full three months. I must say, you're being quite ungracious. He is a gift , after all." I glared at her, "Not helping, Alice." The doorbell buzzed, and the vid-screen showed Jasper and Emmett, grinning. I looked at the girls, panicked, "Do the guys know about this?" "No." Rose shook her head. "Then leave the closet door closed, and keep your traps shut. I'll keep him for the three months if you don't tell them!" I bargained desperately. I grabbed the manual that Alice had given me and shoved it in the drawer. I could just imagine what Emmett would say... I shuddered at the thought. Alice looked unsure, but Rosalie immediately took the deal. The guys schlepped all of my stuff up the elevator, and we spent the rest of the evening unpacking and eating pizza provided by the AutoChef. It wasn't bad at all. I did have to once head off Jasper as he was reaching for the knob of the hall closet with an armload of coats. I don't even remember what I said in my panic, but he desisted. I must have sounded insane. The evening wound down, and all too soon, everyone was saying goodnight and heading out the door. And I was left alone in my new home. With Edward, my sex android. In my closet. E/N: Oh my. I have to tell you, this was born of a norty fantasy I have. Can you imagine having a sex android, and have him (or her, for my unicorn! I hope you followed me to this story, Bobbie!) look like anyone you wanted? *dreamy sigh* I imagine a future quite like our today, with added technology. We all imagined 2000 would give us flying cars, but the reality is that it is just like the past... with more technology. Back To The Future ruined us all. LOL Anywho, the AutoDrive is a feature on cars that is essentially an intelligent auto pilot. It lets you relax and safely travel in your car, hands free! The AutoChef is a food production unit. You only need to keep it stocked with food items (it's also a refrigerator) and it will prepare your meals. Some folks still like to cook the old fashioned way sometimes, like our Bella. Vid-screens and cameras on doors are very common items in my future. Safety first! Charlie approves. ;-) Please review and let me know if I should continue, criticisms, ideas for future stuff that can be added, errors I have made, or just to tell me you can't wait for the hot robot love!