busy shadowing Dad that I didn't realize I hadn't been giving her enough time." "Did you explain that to her?" "She didn't want to listen." I pat his arm softly, wondering whether Jasper would realize that he'd be pining after Alice for a very long time. I can see it in his expression right now; his eyes did this weird, kicked-puppy-look when he thought about her. "We should go inside," he suggests. "You go on." I slip my black heels off, grabbing the ankle straps. "I'll be here for a few more minutes." He pecks me lightly, hugging me longer than necessary to prove to any lurkers or any photographers of our completely real relationship. I sit down against the side of the lake, the water so clear that I can see the lights installed at the very bottom. I dangle my feet into it, the chill soothing against the humid, summer air. "I knew it was all a pretense." I will myself to remain nonchalant; to not show Edward and he startled me. I should've known better. "What was?" "Your good girl act." I whip my head around to glare at him. He dips to sit beside me, letting his elbows rest on his bent knees. "Excuse me?" "Please, Bella. Give me a little more credit; you're really marrying my brother?" "Why shouldn't I?" "Because you don't love him." I know better than to answer him. His eyes are looking at me like he knows my deepest secrets, like he wants to know my secrets. The water and the light are reflecting in them and he looks like he's from a different world than our own. Maybe because he is. He's the wayward son, the one who threw away a century of luxuries and multi-billion dollar company to find happiness amidst the struggles of life. He's lived more in the last ten years he's been gone than the seventy and eighty year olds back in the ballroom. "Why should I let that dictate who I marry?" He grins, his teeth shining white against his slightly tanned skin. He looks much more man than he did when I last saw him; and he smells delicious—pure male, with a hint of aftershave and spearmint. "I remember you wanting to have the Romeo-Juliet kind of love." "I'm pretty sure I never wanted a relationship that would lead to bloodshed." He rolls his pretty green eyes. It's astonishing how similar Jasper and him can be, yet they're poles apart, both personality and looks wise. Jasper takes after Carlisle with the blonde hair and blue eyes, but Edward…he's just like Esme, with his unique copper hair and green eyes that could make sparkling emerald gem look flawed. I'd thought him good looking before, but the word doesn't do him justice. The slight indent between his eyebrows, the tell tale sign of frowning, deepens his intense look. His sun-kissed skin glows against the soft hues of the boat lighting, and I find myself leaning towards him unconsciously. When he speaks, it's in a soft murmur, almost a purr with his tongue wrapping around each word seductively. It doesn't break me out of his spell as I wonder what other type of things he could do with that organ. "I'm talking about the passionate love, the one you spoke so ardently of. You always claimed to me that you would never marry for convenience." His eyes focus on my lips, and I unconsciously wet my bottom one. The white shirt underneath his black blazer has two of the top buttons undone. His hand lays just an inch away from mine; I can almost feel the heat radiating off of his skin. "And yet here you are, doing just what you were so stubbornly against. What changed in the years I left, Isabella?" I snap out of my lust-induced trance. He can be the most charismatic person one second and a complete ass the next. I should've expected this from him. Even as kids, he'd been the rebellious type. So are you. I scowl to myself. "That was when I was sixteen. You don't know anything." "You mean about Black?" My breath hitches; his grin of triumph makes my flesh sizzle. "I know more than you think." "Why are you back, Edward?" He shrugs, looking away. "I'm back for my brother's wedding, of course." "We both know that's not the reason." "How so?" "If you cared about this wedding, you would've been here the day the announcement was made." "What if I tell you I'm here to stop these stupid nuptials?" "You still would've been here right after the announcement." "Perhaps I mean to lead Jasper astray during the Bachelor party." "And have that end up the talk of the month? You would never jeopardize his future like that, especially after all his hard work to attain his double MBA." A scowl irks up at the side of his lips. "You act like you know him better than I do. I am his brother, after all." "I've been here longer than you have." It's a buff, but I pray with all that's in me that he can't tell. There's something about him that brings out a different attitude in me. I can't fathom why or how I could possibly want to strangle him one minute and then jump him the next. I pull my feet out of the water, grabbing my heels as I gain my balance. At this angle, he can probably see the lacy edges of my boy shorts. I make no show of pulling down my already-too-short dress. "Nice to see you again, Edward; have a good night." I don't wait for a response, but I can't find an excuse as to why I put an extra swing in my hips as I walk away. One-shot that was donated to the Fandom for Oklahoma. It'll be around three chapters long. FemmeCullen made the banner and DayDreamDreamer beta'd. Thanks for reading. Leave me a review!