truly proved that they cared for her, as all of them probably heard what Edward said first to Bella, and then to everyone else. Still, they made the trip down to the stone cottage just for her. This made her a little happier – or at least a little less sad – and she felt less alone than she had all day. As she felt a little better, she thought that she could spend some time getting ready for her plans with Jake. It was only three o'clock – since it was the first day of school, it had been a short one – and she had plenty of time. Not that she needed to look particularly good for him, that was a ludicrous thought, it was just Jake after all. He whom had changed her diapers; he whom had cleaned her baby clothes for vomit. This made her feel uneasy, he could feel herself blushing – another thing she had inherited from her mother. Why this made her feel ashamed, she could not tell, just as she could not tell why she wanted to look her best for this meeting. Unless… No, she tossed the idea aside before it had even appeared in her mind. Maybe she just wanted to show him that she had the upper hand – that she was good-looking, independent and strong, and that she was not clingy and in desperate need of him. Yes, the idea appealed to her. Perhaps she could use the day's events to her favor, to show Jake how many people wanted to be close to her. They had after all seemed to like her… Maybe if she told Jake all this, she would seem less needy… and he would be with her due to his own desire, and not because he felt some sort of duty to do so, because he was friends with her mother. She cried out angrily, kicked off her shoes in a forceful manner, and decided to look her absolute best. And for that, she needed Alice. At first, Alice had seemed a little surprised at her request. Normally, Renesmee would prefer to handle clothing and makeup herself, but of course she had jumped at the opportunity of dressing up her niece. She was Alice after all! The thought had made Renesmee smile. She was incredibly found of her aunt – and closer to her than any other of her Cullen relatives – and she told her things she would feel uncomfortable shearing with anyone else. Sometimes, if Alice found it appropriate, she would share her visions with Renesmee, and Renesmee would be completely taken with her new-found knowledge. "So…" Alice said, once Renesmee had asked her for some clothing tips. " You want my help? That does not happen very often!" She playfully pointed out, but she made sure to add "But I'm glad you did!" so that Renesmee would not feel too bad. "What's the special occasion?" Renesmee cursed under her breath, as she had hoped this question never would be asked. "Errrm…" she asked bewildered, trying hard to find a good explanation herself. She gave up and reached for her aunt's chin, as she had done so many times before she had learned to speak. She showed her images of Jake's life – colorful pictures of him, his friends, his pack, his family, his equals – and then she showed her pictures of Jake taking care of her when she was little. Finally, she showed herself, rosy-cheeked and brown-eyed in the middle of a room filled with vampires – red eyed and pale skinned, and she also showed her aunt how much she stood out at school, their whispers, their stares. "I hate that I am dependent of Jake, while he just hangs with me as a favor to my mom." She finished, once the pictures had stopped coming. "I guess I just want to seem independent, strong somehow…" She trailed off, hoping she had not revealed too much of her feelings for Jake. Without knowing why, there was some part of it that felt… forbidden. For a moment, Alice looked at her unfathomable. She investigated her niece for seconds, and then she looked conflicted, as if wondering how much she should tell her. She ended up sighing, smiling a little, and shaking her head in a way that told Renesmee she was acting silly. It made her blush. "He does not do it as a favor to your mom." Alice looked away, as if seeing something far away – and for all Renesmee knew, maybe she did, too. She could not make sense of what Alice had told her, but she trusted her aunt, and her words had given her a sense of hope. It was a fleeing sort of hope, but it was still there. Maybe their positions were more equally based than she had dared hope for… It was clear to both of them that the conversation was over; none of them were keen on saying anything more about the topic, so they were soon picking out shoes and jewelry. The result was magnificent, Renesmee thought happily to herself. She was wearing tight black jeans and a navy blue top that showed just enough of her curves, and her black boots and bag matched discreetly. Nothing looked too planed or too dressed-up; it was perfect. Around her neck she had a silver locked with two chains on: A heart with a picture of her mother and father, given to her by Bella, alongside with a wolf-chain that Jake had given to her – quite similar to the one her mother had on her bracelet. That exact comparison made her feel a little weird, but she quickly brushed it off, too happy with Alice's work to be too bothered. After a hug, a "good luck", and a "thanks", Renesmee was soon back in her car – this time heading for the beach and her awaiting prince in shining armor. 6