cannot count how many times I imagined coming back to her, kissing her fervently when she quite unbelievably took me back. This was not at all what I pictured our first kiss in seven months to be like. After what seemed like an eternity, she began to move, and her breath returned to a more normal pace. After a moment, I could tell that she had regained consciousness, but she refused to open her eyes. I knelt beside her with baited breath, waiting for something to happen. Her hand, which had previously been at her side, moved off the couch and touched my arm. Her hand traveled up my shoulder, pausing briefly at my neck before finally stopping to cup my face. Her eyes still remained closed. "I must be dead," she said to herself. A line formed between her brows once again. "No matter, I'm sure Charlie will survive." As she said this, she smiled once again, and her thumb stroked my cheek. "What an amazing way to spend eternity." "Bella," I called after a moment. I couldn't believe that she had this absurd notion in her head that she was dead; that I would let her die. "Please, open your eyes," I begged. "No," she said stubbornly. "If I open my eyes, then you'll disappear," Did she really still think that she was hallucinating? "I promise you that I won't. I'll stay with you forever if you wish it," And it was true. I don't think even she could force me away now. It was the stupidest thing I had ever done; and we had both suffered the price. I would not put her through what had so obviously been an absolutely terrible experience again. She hesitated for a moment, clearly unsure if opening her eyes was the best course of action, then her resolve seemed to waver, and her eyelids fluttered, revealing her chocolate irises to me. She looked at me for a second, her eyes calculating. After deliberating something in her head, her eyes moved down, and she sighed. "So I'm either dead, or crazy," she thought aloud. "Bella," I sighed. "You are alive," I assured her. "And as far as I can tell, you're perfectly sane." "That's just what a figment of my imagination would say," she mumbled. I could not let this go on. She had to know. She had to know without a shadow of a doubt that I loved her more than anything and everything in this universe. I moved in, and kissed her gently on the lips. It started out slow, and guarded, before I did something that I had never done before; something that quite frankly, I was afraid to do before. I traced her bottom lip with my tongue. She froze at first, shocked by this new development, but it only lasted a moment, before her mouth was open, and I could taste her. I mean, really, truly taste her for the first time. She moaned in my mouth loudly whilst she sat up, and wrapped her arms around my neck. Without thinking about it much, my arms snaked around her waist. We stayed like that for a while; I was kneeling on the floor, and she was sitting with her feet up on the couch, her body swiveled sideways towards me. I pulled away a moment later when I could tell that she needed to breathe, and she smiled as she panted for air. "Edward," she sighed, her voice full of love and happiness. "I told you," I said. "You're not dead, and you're not crazy. I love you." Her eyes widened. "I love you too." "I know." She looked down then, refusing to meet my gaze. "Why would you try and kill yourself? Did you forget what you promised me?" She looked up then, her eyes looked slightly angry. "I wasn't trying to kill myself. And anyways, what right do you have to bring up promises? You promised that you wouldn't leave. You broke that promise. You promised that there would be no reminders. You broke that promise the second you made it. You were everywhere!" "I'm sorry. You're right. It was wrong of me, to break my promises, to leave. You have no reason to forgive me, and I'll be grateful for the rest of time, that you could find it in your heart to love me after what I've done." "I never stopped loving you. I don't think it would be possible to force myself to stop loving you." "I don't know what I've done to deserve you," I told her honestly. "I think you've got that backwards," she smiled at me. I moved to sit next to her, and then pulled her onto my lap. "Not a chance." I buried my nose in her hair, reveling in her scent. She smelled heavily of seawater, but that meant little to me right now. "I promise," I stopped myself. I had broken too many promises for them to mean much to her anymore. "No, I swear, I'll never go anywhere without you again." It was silent for a moment. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?" I thought about that. I knew exactly what she thought I was saying. I had been against the idea of changing her for so long, but now, after everything that we had been through, I couldn't imagine myself living that way again. I was much too selfish for that. "I guess I am." She snuggled into me, though I doubt my cold, hard skin was very inviting. "Thank you, for everything, for agreeing to change me, for saving me." "Of course." I told her. "I would do anything for you, everything for you." I really would do anything for her, because she didn't see things clearly. I had done nothing but bring her heartache and trouble, but she had given me so much. She had given me everything I could ever ask for, and more. She had saved me.