refreshments room to the same door I had come in through two hours earlier. "Where do you want to do the one on one interview at?" Edward asked me with his hand on the door handle. I shrugged my shoulders as we stood in front of the exit door. "It doesn't matter to me. I can go all over this town and not get recognized. Can you?" I asked him with a raised eyebrow. He laughed shaking his head. "Not likely. Can you come to my hotel room after the concert? We have a some stuff to do in town for the next few days so we are staying downtown at the Hotel Palomar." He explained. I nodded. "Okay, I know where that is. I actually live about 10 minutes from there. I can just meet you there after the concert." I told him as I clipped my passes to the hem of my shirt on my waist. He shook his head. "Are you staying for the concert?" I smiled and nodded. "Yeah my brother is actually waiting out front for me. Why?" "Good, can you just wait for me after the concert and we can go over to the hotel together?" He asked me quietly. "Whatever is easiest for you, Edward. I'm up for anything." I told him and immediately felt my cheeks flame at how that statement could be regarded. I quickly slapped my hands to my face in embarrassment. He took a step forward and stroked a finger over my bare shoulder. "Don't be embarrassed, Isabella. You are a beautiful girl." He whispered softly into my ear causing me to shiver. "I will see you after the concert. My dressing room is three doors down from this door on the right. I will tell Bear that you are allowed in there." I nodded with my face still covered by my hands. "Okay." I croaked as I turned around to squeeze out the door. The concert was amazing. The energy from both the band and the crowd was astounding. "She's so hot, Bells." Seth sighed next to me as we watched the band woo the crowd. I just laughed and shook my head as I watched Edward sing softly into the microphone as he walked along the edge of the stage touching the hands of numerous girls and guys that were reaching up to him. He stopped right in front of me as he squatted down and sang the next verse to me while holding his hand out for mine. I placed my hand in his with a huge smile on my face as Seth screamed in my ear. "...And I keep wondering when you'll see. Maybe eventually. Old man on a front porch swing looking back on his long life, glass of iced tea in his hand, other arm around his wife..." I closed my eyes and smiled before opening them to look him in the eyes as he placed a gentle kiss to my knuckles before going back to his spot center stage. I fanned myself as I practically collapsed against Seth while I watched Edward's every move. "That was so hot, Bells." Seth whispered in my ear as he wrapped his arm around my shoulders. All I could do was not in agreement. The rest of the concert flew by as Edward and the rest of the band wooed the crowd with their music and soulful voices. "Okay, we have one big surprise for everybody here tonight." Edward said as the concert was winding down which caused the entire arena to scream in excitement. He held his hand up to quieten everybody down as he chuckled into the microphone. "We have a special guest with us tonight. Ms. Isabella is here from the local Star City Journal to do an inside report on the band and I figured we would give her her money's worth. What do you guys say?" He said as he winked in my direction. I thought I was going to faint as I felt all the blood in my body rushing to my face and chest in embarrassment. "Oh God." I groaned as I leaned into Seth's chest. "Okay okay. Well, the surprise is a never before heard song written and sung by our little Miss Hannah Grey." He said as he motioned for Hannah to come center stage. I smiled as she ducked her head before standing and tucking her drumsticks into her ass end pocket as she walked to Edward holding her hand out for the microphone. He placed a sweet kiss to the top of her head before making his way to the piano that was sat on stage. The crowd was going wild...including Seth who I thought was going to die from lack of oxygen from all the screaming he was doing. Hannah held her hand up just like Edward had done and the crowd quieted down considerably as Edward started a piano tune which made Hannah smile and hold her head up high as the most incredible voice I had heard in a long time belted around the arena causing complete silence in the crowd. You could have heard a pin drop in the crowd while Hannah sang and Edward played the piano and the rest of the guys just stood by with smiles on their faces. Once she was finished singing she bowed said "Thank you" and quickly raced into Edward's open arms as he swung her around in her excitement. I hugged Seth as I watched the band start to do their exit routine by going around introducing themselves to the crowd. "I've gotta get backstage. I don't know what time I will be home because I still have my solo interview to do with Edward Masen." I said into his ear so he could hear me. He pulled back from me smiling and nodding. "Okay, don't do anything I wouldn't do, Bells." He said as I walked away towards Edward's private dressing room.