because I really wanted to kill you, Bella" snapped the vampire irritatingly for her lack of self-caution as he recalled the time where he first smell her blood. God, ever now he could still feel the animalistic urge trashing inside his chest. Adrian closed his eyes briefly to hide the guilt flashed inside his orbs and sighed as he raised his head up to meet her, "I've never wanted a human's blood so much in my life since the day I met you" he said, "Your blood. The smell of it is killing me. I had to use every single fiber inside me to stop me from killing you" Hearing rather than seeing the vulnerability within him, Bella took a step closer to the silent immortal and hesitantly touched his icy cold face with the tips of her fingers as she watched his beautiful amber colored eyes swirling with unreadable emotions, "I'm here with you didn't I?" she said, "I trust you" "Don't." shook the bronze haired young man as he plastered a fake tight smile upon his face, "Don't ever trust me because I don't trust myself with you" Raising his hand up to grab hers that was caressing his face, the bronze haired vampire gently hold her heated hand with his icy ones and slowly leaded her deeper into the forest, "Your scent" he began as he carefully guide her up into the mountain where there's a small meadow that he often went when he need some privacy from his family, "It's like a drug to me. You're like my personal brand of heroin" he told her as he wrapped his hands around her waist, earning him a loud yelp in surprised from Bella for his action, and lifted her up over the fallen tree blocking their path as they continued their journey towards the small meadow, "and my family. We're only drink blood from animals. We've learn to control our thirst and live among the mortal. That's make us different from our kind" He stopped suddenly in the middle of their track and turned around to face the mortal girl with dark amber eyes filled with sadness and longing for something she didn't know about, "I swore I'll never ever drink a single drop of human blood before but now, I don't know if I could keep it" he said "…I know you can" replied Bella sincerely as she squeezed his hand, "You're my superhero" Adrian studied her for moment or two in attempt of finding any hint of lies and deception for her words and couldn't help but laughed as he remembered their conversation days ago inside the cafeteria, "You're weird" answered the vampire as he returned the squeeze with his own, "You don't know how long I've waited for you… my kryptonite" With that, he pushed through the tall bushes surrounded his small meadow and released her warm small hand as he let her explored his little piece of sanctuary. Bella glanced around the meadow and couldn't help but awed by the beauty of the small place. There were wildflowers, variety in colors, lying around the tall green grass. And in the distance, she could hear the sound of running river, giving it a sense of tranquility to those who stood inside the meadow. She walked deeper into field and turned around at the beautiful immortal Adonis, who was still standing at the edge of it, in confused, "Are you going to come out?" she asked. Adrian looked up briefly at the sunlight that managed to penetrate through the dark gloomy clouds and sighed as he reluctantly took a step into his meadow, "You do know I don't usually go out on the sunlight right?" he said as he struggled to keep himself from flinching at the burning sensation of the sunlight touching the side of his face. He knew he's going to get sunburn after this, he thought as he motioned for her to follow him towards the single tall tree that was located in the middle of the meadow. Noticing the redness within his pale face, Bella scolded herself internally for causing him to join her into the sunlight, despite of her knowing about him being a vampire, and quickly followed him towards the tree to get out from the sun. She took a seat beside him within the shade and couldn't help but apologize for making him come out into the sun, "It's alright" shrugged the vampire casually as he leaned himself heavily onto the rough wooden trunk of his single tree behind them, "You didn't know that" "But still-" "It's alright, Bella" smiled Adrian as he turned his head to face the guilty human girl, "It's not that bad. Besides, I healed fast" he said as he motioned towards the slowly healed skin upon the side of his face. Bella hesitantly gave him a small nod in understand for his point and followed his action by leaning herself against the trunk beside him. She turned her body to the side to face him and couldn't help but gaze the handsome immortal silently as she raised her hand up to caress the slowly healed skin with the tips of her fingers. Smiling at her action, Adrian leaned his head closer to the human girl and slowly closed his bright golden brown eyes in content for her warm touch, "You're warm" he said, grabbing the small warm hand of her with his cold ones as he pressed it firmly against his cheek. Bella caressed his high cheek softly with her thumb and smiled as she leaned closer against his side, "And you're cold" answered her to his previous words as she studied him closely. With that, both of them spent their day sitting under the huge tree located in the heart of the meadow somewhere within the forest and talked about their life as the sun slowly set down into the horizon, signaling the beginning of the twilight. … To be continue… …