"Let's go get your butt changed." Once we were both freshened up we headed for the kitchen where I found Alice and Jasper. "Morning you two." I said as I put Maci in her high chair. "Did you get any sleep last night?" Jasper asked as he tossed a handful of cheerios onto Maci's tray. "A little bit. I had to change the pacifiers out about six or seven times but she usually went right back to sleep." I told him as I pulled the flour out of the cabinet so I could make waffles for breakfast. "Waffles?" I asked them and both of them looked at me like I was crazy for even asking. "Okay, sorry I asked." I told them playfully as I walked to the fridge to get the eggs. I watched on in amazement as my entire family (Yes, Alice and Jasper are family too!) devoured the breakfast I had prepared for them. Alice had been teasing me for years that I needed to open up a restaurant or bakery so that I didn't waste my talents on them. Waffles, sausage, homemade maple syrup, and fresh fruit salad was for breakfast. "Yum!" Maci said as she shoved a strawberry into her mouth. I smiled at her over the rim of my coffee mug before taking a sip. "Thanks, Aunt Bella." Molly said as she swiped a piece of sausage through the syrup on her plate. "Your welcome, sweetheart." Later that afternoon while Mia and Maci were taking a nap I pulled Molly into my bedroom so I could talk to her. "What's wrong?" she asked nervously as I patted the spot on the bed beside me. "Nothing's wrong, per se." I told her as I pulled the envelope containing her mother's letter from my nightstand. "I need to ask your opinion on something." I said handing the envelope to her. "Read this first and then I will explain." I told her. I watched her face for signs of what she was feeling as she read the simple one page letter. Anger, sadness, and then anger again crossed her face clear as day. I knew what the letter said. "She has no right." Molly said as she tossed the letter on the bed. "She's your mom, Molly. She's off the drugs and thinking straight again, sweetheart." I told her softly. Molly shook her head before launching herself into my arms. "She's not my mom, anymore. You are." She cried into my shoulder shocking me. Wrapping my arms around her slender body I pulled her into my lap where she curled much like her little sisters do. "She will always be your mom, Molly. We both can be. Would you maybe want to go see her one weekend?" "I don't know. Can I think about it?" She asked quietly. "Absolutely." I told her as I kissed the top of her head and pulled her closer. "Absolutely." That Monday morning as I walked into Molly's room to wake her up for school is when I got my answer. "Molly, sweetheart, it's time to get up." I told her softly as I switched on her lamp before brushing the hair from her face. She rolled over blinking her eyes open. "Good morning, Aunt Bella." She whispered groggily as she sat up in bed. "Good morning, sweet girl. Sleep good?" I asked her as I looked at the outfit she had laid out last night for school today. She had asked if she could pick out her own clothes and I had reluctantly agreed with the agreement that I got to approve or disprove every day's outfit. I looked over my shoulder to see her nodding her head. "Yes, ma'am. I think I want to go see her." She whispered wrapping her arms around her knees. I turned around quickly looking at her with wide eyes. "Okay. I will fill out the visitation forms and get them sent back in. Not sure how long it will take to get approved but I will let you know." I told her with a nod. "Thanks, Aunt Bella." She said as I walked out of the room. "Your welcome." I told her as I headed for Mia and Maci's room. I filled out the request forms that Vanessa had so kindly included in each and every letter she sent me with a heavy heart. "You gonna take all three of them to Georgia?" Alice asked from the front porch as I placed the thick envelope in the mail box beside the front door. I nodded as I sat in the rocking chair beside hers. "Yeah. I figure that will make it easiest on Molly if they are with her. Offer distractions and all that stuff." I said quietly. "That might help. Are you going to confront Nessa about Maci's paternity?" I shook my head. "I don't think it will accomplish anything. This is the only time I'm going to take the girls up there to see either of them and that is what the whole trip will be about. Her chance to see how amazing her girls are despite the shitty job they did raising them." "Good. What about Jake?" "I sent off a set of visitation papers for them to also see him. I also wrote him a letter letting him know that Molly agreed to see Nessa. I'm not sure about them wanting to see him or him wanting to see them. You know that he cut off all communication when the adoption was finalized." I said shrugging my shoulders. Alice reached over patting my hand. "You only did what was best for those girls. It's not your fault that they got messed up in the drugs and lost their way." I nodded. "I know. How is the Halloween gala coming for the hospital?" I asked changing the subject. She bounced in her chair as she flipped open her tablet excitedly. "Look at this!" She said and the subject was officially changed.