"Wonderful! That was absolutely wonderful! I think I've found our leads!" Ms. Williams was completely gushing, and I could see that the other students in the auditorium were pleased as well. Even those who had auditioned as Romeo and Juliet before us were excited. I grinned. I couldn't believe I'd made it that far. This morning, I was so sure that I would screw up, but I didn't, and I was exceedingly proud of myself. In my rush of excitement, I didn't see Edward leave the stage. I only noticed when I saw his figure retreating through the theater doors. I looked back to the audience once, and smiled to Ms. Williams before making my exit as well. I found him in the lobby, his hand on the glass door of the performing arts building. "Edward, wait!" I called, catching up to him. His tall frame was ridged as he turned around. "Bella," he said, "you should probably go home." "No, I want to know what happened today. I don't get it. You've hardly ever spoken to me, and then what? You pulled that emotion out of a hat?" "I was acting , Bella." "No, you weren't. I could see it in your eyes." I briefly wondered if I was being too bold. He obviously didn't want to talk, but I didn't want to let him leave yet. Something changed in his eyes. The fire died down. He gave up. "So what if I wasn't? That doesn't change anything." "Why not?" I asked, my voice thick with emotion. "It changes things for me." "We can't be together," he said, looking away. His jaw clenched. "No matter how much I want to." My eyes widened a bit at that. He admitted it. "I get it," I said at last. "We're too different. We come from different worlds. I guess I just don't fit into yours." I didn't understand why I felt so rejected. I had always liked Edward. That was true, but he was always forbidden, unexpected. It was like having a crush on a celebrity. You'd obsess over it sometimes, but it was completely impossible, and totally improbable. I never expected to get this far. Shouldn't I just be happy with that? "That's not what I meant," his green eyes were brooding now, smoldering in the late afternoon sun. "My world is not for you. It's a place you shouldn't see, and I don't want to drag you into it." With my confidence suddenly restored, I spoke again. "I don't care. Please believe that." I begged. "You don't know what you're saying; you don't know anything." Though he was clearly angry, I couldn't stop myself from noticing again how soft, and sweet his voice was. Then, suddenly, like I'd just found that last missing puzzle piece, the one that frustrates you to no end because you have to sit there looking at a picture with a hole in the middle, it all snapped into place. I gasped. "It's all true, isn't it?" He gave me a funny look. "My father's a cop, you know- the Chief." His eyes widened to an impossible size. "How did he find out? I was careful. So careful." He backed away from me then, looking afraid. "He had a hunch, in the beginning. But he gave it up." I muttered. I was just so shocked that his was happening; that this was real. "Are you okay?" He sighed. It looked like he was still freaking out. "Bella, I like you, a lot, maybe even love you," My heart stuttered at the word. "But," he paused, "my father, he's… dangerous." I was shaking. "W- What do you mean?" He paused for a moment, wincing. "My mother died when I was sixteen, just before I moved here. My father started," He paused again. "drinking. Just trying to ignore the pain, I guess. Now, he," Another pause. "well, he's got a really bad temper." I shuddered, moving closer to him. "I don't care," I repeated myself. "We can get through this together." As I said this, I wrapped my arms around his waist, and buried my head in his chest. He froze for a moment, before he tilted my chin up, and touched his lips to mine. At first, the kiss was slow, as our lips meshed together. Then, of course, everything sped up when his tongue traced my lip, asking for entrance. I complied, and then the kiss skyrocketed into a burst of passion. After a few minutes, we broke apart, both of us breathing heavily. "I- I think I love you, Juliet." He murmured. I could feel the vibrations of his voice pass from his body to mine. I hugged him tighter. "My Romeo." There was a lot we'd have to figure out. I knew I couldn't let things continue the way they were. I'd have to talk to Edward, and Charlie about how to solve this terrible problem. But we'd get through it. I'd do what Juliet couldn't. I'd save my Romeo. I didn't know how, but I would. One thing was for sure though; I'd have to thank Alice, every day for the rest of my life. Maybe she really is psychic. A/N- Okay, this wasn't exactly the ending I had imagined, but I think it worked well. I wanted it to be sort of like Romeo and Juliet in real life, but I wasn't sure if I wanted it to go deeper than 'Edward and Bella just have different friends, and sit at different lunch tables'. Also, I didn't want Edward to be the bad guy. He's not bad, just trying to do anything he can to escape his real life. I realized about half way through, that the only way to achieve this was to make them different on another level. Which, is where Edward's insanely crappy life came from. I really hope you all enjoyed this, as it is my first all human story, so I am a little nervous. -S.