mall was rather packed, shoppers crowded around every store. First Alice dragged me to Rue 21, and from there to Forever 21. Store after store after store. Spencers, Hot Topic, and finally Super cuts. I sat in Super Cuts for hours, eventually Alice told the stylist to take a break and did it herself. My hair was cut to shoulder length and died red, while Rosalie cut Jake's and spiked it at the tips before dying them blue. Alice then of course paid for the supplies they used, and we went on to do shopping for Jake. We got him a month's worth of shorts and the same in muscle tops, they ranged from black to green in colors. Altogether before she caught me watching Alice dropped five grand, before she finally brought us to a piercing and tattoo parlor. Alice insisted I put a tattoo right above my ass, and I reluctantly agreed and got a broken cage with the words finally free inside. She also nagged me to get my ears and belly button pierced which I finally did to shut her up, however it only got worse when she grabbed every single ring and hoop she thought would look cute. Rosalie emerged with Jake from the back then, and Jake had gotten his right ear pierced with a diamond stud and a wolf tattoo on his back. I looked from it to Rose who winked at me and we laughed. Jake and Alice walked ahead of us and I hung back with Rosalie. "You and Jake were back there forever, what did you do to him?" I asked her with a smirk. "Oh nothing I just waxed his entire body, it took forever and he kept being a little bitch when I waxed his lower half." She said. "Oh my god you waxed his oh my god Rose that's just cruel!" I said as I giggled. "Be that as it may Bella, I really think you should get on that before he's snatched up. Trust me it'll be well worth it, and if you didn't get to experience that you'd regret it for life. Take it from someone whose seen it-" She began before I cut her off. "Rose you didn't, what would Emmett say!" I said flabbergasted. "Oh please I looked but didn't touch, Emmett does the same thing. But I tell you if I wasn't married I would totally-" She was cut off again. "Rose I get it you think he's sexy, I don't know though I'm not just going to jump in bed with him. On another topic I get wanting to cut his hair in case he phases, but whats with coloring the tips what do think it's going to do to his wolf form if he does phase?" I asked. "I have no clue, but it sure as hell will be fun to watch won't it?" She said with a smirk as we laughed before climbing into the car. The Car ride back was fun until Alice suddenly clutched her head causing me to take the wheel, she began moaning until finally the spell passed. She took the wheel and gave me a look that said we would speak about it later, we drove straight through forks and to the boundries of La Push before the car stopped. I got out and Jake followed suit before I walked him home. He opened the door to his home before going inside, and Billy Black came out in his place. "Sam tells me you figure out our secret." He said simply. "Yes, I did. Alice thinks he's going to phase soon so we got his hair cut, though Rosalie thought it might be funny to see what that splash of color does to his wolf form." I replied. "Yes I sense them at the boarder, thank Miss Cullen for spending her money. The clothes are much appreciated, however in the future tell me when you'll be going out with them. I want to limit the time Jake spends with them, least he phases to close to one of them." Billy said. He gave me a smile before going inside, and I walked back to the car. The ride back to forks was quiet and when we pulled up to my house, I noticed something. There were crates in the yard, and outfits being taken to my room. "Oh um surprise, We're moving in with you!" "Your remodeling my house so you'll fit aren't you?" I asked seeing construction going on on the roof. "I'm only adding two new rooms, and space for two walk in closets. Rosalie doesn't like clothes as much as I do, but we need space to hang all your new clothes and all of mine from the house. Naturally this requires changing the structure a tad but, I didn't think you'd mind." Alice explained. "Oh is that all your doing, I thought you might be adding an entire floor! Alice how am I going to explain this to Charlie? I think he's going to notice two new rooms, he isn't blind and stupid!" I exclaimed. "Oh no worries I talked to him when we first got here, you know while you were talking to Sam? He said as long as I left his room alone and used my money he wasn't going to stop me." She said with a grin. "Alice, I love you. Your so you that living life is so much more entertaining." I said shaking my head in amusement. "Oh if you think that's good, wait till you see what I'm doing to the rest of the house. I'm adding a second bathroom and a four car garage, I think I might also add a work out room Rosalie likes to stay fit." She said offhandedly. "I honestly have no Idea how I would have coped without you." I said. Author's Note 2: Let me know if I should continue or leave it as a one shot.