or lie." Isaac says. "No. We still need their permission to build." Hannah says. "But were not building." I respond "we're just looking we don't have to tell them anything." "We've been up with them so far they should respect our boundaries" Matt adds. "So we tell them we can't discuss it and if they press ask them to leave." Carly joins in. "Everyone agree." Once everyone agreed we left the link to and turned back to the Cullens who were looking at us strangely. How long were talking in the link. "the reason we came here are our reasons. We don't have to explain that to you. Edward looked furious. "This is our land so yes you do have to explain yourselves to us. Give us a reason not to destroy you pitiful pack." The entire pack tense with anger. To insult the pack means to fight. The rest of the Cullens are frozen with shock at how their coven member is behaving. "Are seriously threatening us in our own home on our land." Carly's voice is filled with danger and warning. "You dare insult all of us and threaten to hurt us. You couldn't destroy us." Carly stands open with everyone immediately at her side ready to fight. Warning growls come from everyone but Kane. "I suggest you leave. Before you do something even more stuipd." "We have the same number of people and are stronger than you. You can't just destroy us." Edwards voice was laced with smugness and overconfidence. The looks from my pack were murderous. If he kept talking one of was going to rip him apart. Even Carly looks on the verge of tearing him apart. The Cullens finally recover from their shock "Dude shut up" Emmett says clearly seeing how close we are to losing control. "Why should I they are no better than the mutts over on the res." Edward rants. "Look at how easily they can lose control. What's stopping them from attack someone in school. They deserve to be put down." If there was a line right now he would be a mile over it. "If your so confident in being able to beat us why do we have one on one to prove it." Carly words are filled with hatred. "I could take any of you so sure." That cocky bastard just fucked with the wrong pack. "Edward please stop this you are speaking out of place. We beg your forgiveness my son is completely out of order. He will learn his lesson I promise." Esme pleas to us fearing for her son. "He will learn a lesson Esme. However I will be teaching him it." With swift movement Carly spin kicks Edward in chest sending him flying out the door into the woods. Before he even lands on the floor Carly grabs by neck and throws him into the nearest tree knocking it down. The pack and the Cullens quickly exit the house to see Carly looking at Edward while he struggles to get up. "You think you god gift to the world because you can read minds but you are sick egotist creep. The way to try to pry into people minds is liking raping them. You expose their weakness there one place to feel safe. And don't say you can't help it because a soon as you knew you couldn't read us you have been trying to get in to our heads. I've been sexual raped before and I would rather have that then to be mind raped." Carly's voice is now pure rage and disgust towards the vampire. "You fucking bitch." Edward screams before charging at Carly. He is fast but Carly's faster. Every hit he tried to land was easier dodged or deflected. She wasn't trying to hit him. The rest of the Cullens were screaming for Edward to stop he just ignored them. Carly however didn't. When Edward goes to punch her she hits his arm back and slams to the ground by the neck. She hasn't even shifted and can still easier win. "You lose Edward." Is all she says before letting go and walking back over to the Cullens past us. The Cullens look grateful she didn't cause to much damage to their son. Edward however still tries to win be running at Carly. Before she could react and defend herself Edward movement holt as his head goes to the back of his neck before dropping to the floor. Matt is stood nearby with his claws out. "What's happening I can't move." Panic is clearly shown on his face and in his voice. "Another thing about the Kanima" Matt says darkly "our claws produce a toxin which can paralyze anything." Yet again the Cullens are shocked. I don't think a coven of vampires has been shocked so many times within a day. "It will wear off in a few hours. Until then you stuck how you are. So let me make this clearly. If you ever insult or attack one of us like that again. We won't be making a point. We will be burying you. Understand." Edwards face is full of fear as he nods his head. "Good." "Carlisle. We don't hold anything against your family and would like to live in peace. We have our secrets just like you have yours. Were asking you to at least respect our wishes." Carly says while trying to calm down. "Of course and we are sorry on how Edward has reacted towards all of you. We would also like to live in peace and I was hoping a friendship could still be forged even from this event." I like Carlisle he always tries to see the good in people and strive for peace. The world could do with more people like him. "We would like. I guess we'll being some of you in school tomorrow." The Cullens said there goodbyes and dragged Edward back to their house. School tomorrow should be interesting.