hideaway spot for tonight. When we came back from our half time rest and pep talk I noticed one of Bella's rare smiles as she watched her sister out on the field doing her thing with the cheerleading squad and decided to pay her a compliment even though I knew she would rebuff it immediately. "Hmm…it is rather amazing how a smile can make a person even more beautiful." I told her with a smirk and a wink. She immediately snapped her head to me and scowled. "Too bad a smile or smirk can't change an asshole's personality." I smiled at her witty comeback. They always made my day. I knew that underneath all of that anger was one hell of a woman and she was probably kinky as hell in bed with all that attitude she possessed. I shook my head and got back in the game to finish out the last half. After we had wiped the field with the panthers, I quickly hurried through my shower when I heard Alice's tinkling laughter coming from deep in the shower stall area. I decided to wait for Jasper at my car. My one pride and joy that nobody could take away from me, the one thing my birth parents had given me. When Carlisle and Esme had decided to adopt me five years ago, I came with a lot of anger issues and a sizeable inheritance from my parents that I could do whatever I pleased with. My parents were Edward and Elizabeth Masen, both surgeons and lifelong friends of the Cullens', but they had died when they had been victims in a head on drunken collision. I walked to the parking lot because one Isabella Brandon was bent over her sister's obnoxious yellow car tweaking something under the hood. Upon closer inspection I noticed a few things. One, obviously Alice's battery was dead since Bella had a charger booster hooking it up to it. Two, she was wearing bright blue panties that were peeking through the holes at the edges of her pockets on her well-worn jeans. Three, her ass and legs looked amazing in those skin-tight jeans. "Problems, princess?" I asked her as I leaned against the hood of my car. She jerked up quickly surprising me but instead of acknowledging my presence she just asked where her sister was and when I gave her the 'do you really have to ask me that' kind of look she just shook her head and said "Nevermind." I stood there and watched her hook up the artificial booster to the car and go to try and crank it and the car done nothing but click time after time. I heard her mumble to herself and get frustrated so I pushed off the hood of my car to go see if she wanted me to boost off the car. I walked to the space between the open door and the car so I could hopefully get a smell of her delicious scent that I caught on occasion. If this woman ever found out how I truly looked at her I think she would think me an idiot. Tanya had always rebuffed my romantic notions telling me to not waste my time on the wine, roses, and music when we all knew what it was leading up to. I had grown up in a house full of obvious love and romance and I wanted to express that with the woman I loved and thought loved me. "Want me to boost it off?" I offered pointing to my car that sat hood to hood with Alice's little yellow sports car. She groaned and nodded slightly accepting my offer begrudgingly. "Yes, please." Without another word we worked in silence to get Alice's car cranked. Once it was cranked and the hood was shut she walked away tossing "Follow me!" over her shoulder. I guess that answered my unasked question about whether the message had gotten back to her about me coming to her house after the game. I quickly hopped in my car and headed out of the parking lot and pulled to the stop sign right behind Bella's little blue car. It was understated and 'normal' and just like it's owner didn't stick out in the crowds. Even though I knew where Bella lived I still followed behind her and parked in the driveway as she pulled into the two car garage. I had never been on the inside of her house before so this was going to be interesting to say the least. Hell, I had only seen the outside twice when Jasper's car was in the shop and he begged me for a ride to see Alice. I turned my car off and waited for her because I didn't want her to think I was presuming anything. I had to tread carefully. This was the only time we had ever really truly been alone together and maybe this was my opportunity to find out why she hated me so much. A tap on my window jerked me back to the here and now. I pulled my keys from the ignition and opened the door. "Are you going to sit here all night or are you going to come in?" She asked before turning around and heading to the front door. I sighed and followed her into the house. I was stunned when I walked through the front door. It was immaculate and sophisticated yet young, comfortable, and obviously lived in. "Come on in, Edward. I have to check on dinner." She said as she shed her coat and headed for what I presumed was the kitchen. Sorry for the repost guys, I had a reader message me about Edward's last names so I had to come change them. His last name legally is Masen even though he is adopted by the Cullen's. He and Jasper are both adopted by Carlisle and Esme. More on their stories as the story progresses.