I did have class with a couple of her family members the girl who had made her come to the table…Bella and the shortest one with a spiky pixie cut. "There will be an assembly in the atrium. Please release all seniors from class." The voice came over the intercom and my stomach dropped. Perhaps I wouldn't have to pretend to be sick. "Mr. JC, may we take Rhonda now?" It was Lizbeth and Carson at the door. He only nodded at they gathered my stuff. "Cuz you're in a cast we're allowed to leave before the rest of the freshmen class. So we'll get a front seat too." I only nodded to Lizbeth's words again I wasn't expose to know it was for me. By the time we got to the atrium juniors had already been released. They were truly going to let everyone from the school come. Not only that but I recognized some parents, the local news station and the Mayor. A drink with Jesus don't these people have anything better to do with their day. We made it to our sets right next to the stage. My heart was frantic and I was sweating through my clothes. If I go into cardiac arrest right now I could avoid it all. Everyone filled in and the principle went to center stage. A round man with a thinning hair line. He started with a couple little announcements and the pledge. Hot dogs on rye this will take forever! "Now then as many of you have heard earlier this summer we almost lost one of our own tragically. However prays were on her side and remarkable she pulled through to be here with us today. It was not an easy road and there is still a way to go for her but as a community who prides its self of taken care of one another and being there for each other we could not allow such a young girl to do so alone. We have been collecting money for the past couple months to help with the growing financial crutch that has been placed on the family. I would like to bring forward Mr. and Mrs. Brooker who has been in charge of this campaign." Lizbeth's parents walked on the stage. An older couple, Lizbeth was the youngest. Ten years separated her and her brother. "Thank you Principle Heth. And thank you all for coming. It fills me with great joy to know that this community can truly rely on each other. Having lived her my whole life I can say you are all good people with great hearts. And while me and my wife did start this fund it was because of all of you that we were able to collect some much. Now than before I make the final total I think the true hero in all of this should say a few worlds. Rhonda Garden." My throat had gone dry and I'm sure I went paler. The applauds continued as I made my way to the side stairs leading to the stage. I was slower than they had planned and I could tell some of the enthusiasm had left the air. Just as I got to the second step I noticed off stage in the corner. It was Nessie. She held a microphone and a gleeful smile there were others with her. I turned back to the crowd and spotted her family. They were easy to pick out. They all sat together despite being in different grades. And it was her brother's face that really stuck out. His eyes had gone big and mouth fell open, shock and panic. The lights went out. Before anyone could react the stage lights started going in tune with music suddenly the entire cheer team was on stage dancing. Nessie in the center microphone in hand. Mr. and Mrs. Brooker were caught in the middle of it standing there like deer in the headlights. When Nessie began to sing I recognized the song. Shake it off I could see her totally being a T Swift fan. The atrium erupted with cheers, form the students at least. Several groups of people ran to the stage scramming their heads off. I've never been to a real concert but this seemed pretty close. I took a seat on the stairs the rapidly changing lights given me a headache. I watched her performance. She loved it the atmosphere the presents, she owned it. While she wasn't dancing in sync with the cheerleaders she was perfect in every step every bounce. Her voice held strong. She could truly sing like none I've never heard before. As fast as it started it stopped. The lights came on and I could see Coach Craig in the sound box in the back yelling at two scared tech geeks. With the sound off the performers stood awkwardly, there bravery gone. But not Nessie she held a smug smile arms crossed of her chest and head held high. "Miss Mason. MY. OFFICE. NOW. Your Aunt and Uncle are being contacted." Principles Heth's face was so red it was glowing. She nodded jumping off the stage her family were already at the exit some glaring others laughing a couple completely dazed. Before Nessie left her eyes caught mine. She gave me a wink and a thumbs up then she was gone. She hadn't done this for my benefit, did she? I laughed. A true deep belly tear spilling laugh. It felt weird coming from my throat it has been so long. I patted my cast where she had signed her name. Renesmee Carlie Mason Cullen you are truly something else. Her Aunt and Uncle had to come and pick her up. They had a meeting with the principle, a week of in school suspension as well as a 1000 word apology to me for ruining my assembly. Oh and Mr. and Mrs. Brooker were able to raise 4000 dollar for me.