told Sam and Jared which was a lie. Jacob heard and he told Bella. Bam, there you go Charlie now knows. Can we not talk about this? It feels good to be back in your arms even if you're using me." I say. "Don't get your hopes." "I'm not hopes aren't up." I say drawing around his navel and pulling on the hem of the boxers. "Let's make another baby." I joke to see his face reactions. "I'm not having no more children and Kenta is enough." "Because he's the perfect boy. It's way I went through when he was eleven months but it's different now because he's two years old and running around. I wouldn't know that because you took my son and I haven't seen him in months. His hair is beautiful. His face looks like yours. He's walking and mostly running. Where's my son?" "He grew up." "How am I supposed to know? It's been almost a year and I wasn't at his birthday party but you invited my friends and I bet you threw my gift in the trash that I brought for him. The tree is still in the corner with his Christmas gifts. His bedroom is the same and it's so much that I missed for my son. Is he talking?" "He's not talking yet, Lacie." He say making me want to break his jaw in. "He's my son and you took him then kept him from me but here you are wanting sex from me. It was a big ass mistake and I am the one who killed your sister but you took my son." I say but he doesn't say anything. I turn around to see if someone is behind me. You don't walk into my house without calling me first. I turn back around to see him still staring in my face. He's not going to say a damn thing. "How about you give me some sex for a couple of hours and you can stay the night without no clothes on with your penis bared out so when I wake up or use the bathroom you will be ready?" I ask him. "How about you-" "Davis, shut up." I say leaning down and kissing on his lips. He kisses back while I put my hand in his boxers making his penis jump and him shiver. "Is that what you did with James?" He asks against my lips. I just rip his boxers down and sit up putting my chest in his face while he just stares in my face. I grin putting his penis in me making me moan. "You going to answer?" He asks me. "No, I did not. I kept my gloves on." I say moving my big shirt out of way and putting my hands on his chest to steady myself. I move my hips around. Oh, I missed this feeling. I breathe out putting my head on his forehead. He doesn't say anything as he just stares in my eyes. I start to move on him while he basically does nothing but as per many man who has sex with they do not like to move around and just stares before gripping the hips and moving the female. I put my hands on the headboard while he keeps his mouth close not saying a thing. I know it's about ten minutes before I feel his penis jerking a couple of times. "You not going to say anything?" I ask him. "What you want me to say?" He asks. "I don't know that maybe this the beginning in healing our relationship and you letting me see Kenta more." I say still moving on him. "I'm not letting you see my son, Lacie." "No time soon." "No time soon." He say and I take my hands off the headboard and wrap them around his neck while he finally put his arms around my waist. I nibble on his ear lobes. "Don't do that." He snarkly say. I quickly stop and just keep my head in the pillow next to him and I know he's staring up at the ceiling. His penis jerk a couple of more time over the span over three hours of sex. I get off him and lay staring at the ceiling while he fix the covers around him. I check out his navel again. I like that he got hair that's leading down south. It's silent for a few more minutes and I grab the remote off the nightstand and turn on the TV flipping to an old game of football but then change my mind and just watch a criminal drama show. I love the show and brought ten season DVD package. I turn on my side facing him. "You going to spit in my face too?" He snarkly asks looking at me with his blue eyes. "No, I am not. I'm very sorry." "You didn't spit in my face, Lacie." I nod my head. "He doesn't want to talk to me because of his dad dying and now his brother being shot and almost dying. Maybe you can tell him that the twins aren't his even though they are twins. Their dad is someone tribal." "I'm not telling him a damn thing." He say at the same time as me. "Okay." I say putting my hand on his chest. "Get off me." He coldly spit out. I take my hand off him and turn on my back breathing out. He looks at me for a few more minutes and I try to get on him again hoping that he won't let me but he does anyway. I reach for the headboard again and start back again on him while he just lays there and I don't know how long it was for this time before he got up and went home to Kenta leaving me in the room with my private part aching and my thighs feeling wet. Wow, I loved it.