she didn't want to have. Thankfully, Emily called them from the kitchen with the news of food, and Paul was gone in a flash. Dakota followed slowly, genuinely considering stealing Leah's car and going to the Clearwater home alone. The thought of answering Sue's infinite questions was more appealing than having dinner at Sam Uley's house. Still, she sat down at the table, absolutely horrified when Emily placed a plate of at least 40 burgers in front of her. Paul, however, wasn't at all surprised by the mountain of food, and piled six on his own place. Tentatively, Dakota grabbed a single burger and sat it in front of her. "The boys eat a lot," Emily explained, taking one for herself. "So I always make a lot of food in case they drop by. I practically never have leftovers!" Dakota nodded politely, watching Paul scarf down his food out of the corner of her yee. It was almost unnerving, the ferocity with which he ate. It was as if those burgers were his last meal, or his first in weeks—either situation applied. "Paul," Emily chided, noting the mortified expression on Dakota's face. "We have a guest, you know." He looked up from his place with such a look of confusion that Dakota couldn't stop herself from laughing aloud. Despite having a mouthful of food, he managed to grin back, his whole face alight. "It's fine," she said to Emily, slowly eating her own burger. "I'm not shocked, after speaking with him." "It's still disgusting," Emily said with a smile in her voice, obviously pleased the younger girl was speaking of her own volition. "But you get used to it." Her retail voice came out again in the form of a chuckle, but that time Dakota knew how fake it was. The second Leah showed up, she wanted to get in the car and leave. She didn't like the way everything was making her feel there—angry, happy, vulnerable—and Emily's overbearing kindness had gotten old quickly. "Aren't you gonna eat more than that?" Paul asked after she sat down her half-eaten burger, reaching for seconds himself. She shook her head. "Not very hungry, really." "Are you still on that medicine?" Emily inquired, a worried look on her scarred face. Dakota felt herself pale as she remembered that Emily was the one who brought Leah to visit her when she first got bad. "A different one, but it's got pretty much the same side effects," she explained in a rushed murmur. "Loss of appetite and difficulty sleeping being the most notable." "Medication for what?" Paul interjected, looking anxiously between the two of them. "I have a third nipple—a genetic mutation," Dakota deadpanned. "I'm trying to kill the cells that compose it and the meds are harsh." He glared at her. "Very funny. What's wrong?" "I told you, I have a third nipple." Before he had a chance to say something in return, the front door swung open and Sam charged in, flanked by Seth, the other two guys from the wedding, and lastly, Leah. Dakota practically sighed in relief at the sight of her best friend. Almost instantaneously, the guys flocked to the food, making it very easy for Dakota to slip away from Paul and get to Leah. "Can we leave?" She whispered, giving a pointed look in Paul's direction. "Was he shitty to you?" Leah asked angrily, glaring at the massive man at the table. "I'll take him out." "Not shitty—just weird. Like giving me googly eyes and asking me lots of questions, weird." Leah paused and gave her friend a look that was eerily similar to the one Paul had given her when she first met him. "Like this?" Dakota nodded, and Leah's face twisted in a mixture of fury and disgust. "You've gotta be fucking kidding me." 0o0 The entire ride back to the Clearwater home, Leah fumed silently. About what, Dakota couldn't say, but it was obvious the dark-haired girl was living about something. To make the silence less awkward, Seth chattered about the wedding from the back seat. "…And the food—oh my god, the food. It was so good. There was this—" "Seth! Shut the fuck up!" Leah shouted, cutting her brother off and whipping into the driveway of their home. He muttered something that sounded like an apology before slipping out of the car and walking ahead inside. "Why are you so on edge?" Dakota blurted, unable to control herself. "He was just trying to ease the tension. You didn't have to yell at him." Leah stared straight ahead, her body shaking slightly. "You don't get it, Kota. Everything I've ever cared about, it takes. I hate it. I can't escape it, either. It's everywhere I turn. It's not fair—I can't have anything to myself without it coming along and messing it up." Dakota let her ramble on, not bothering to ask what she was talking about .Ever since her dad died, Leah was prone to outbursts of anger and other fiery emotions, often going on and on about seemingly nothing, never elaborating any farther than "it". "You've got me, you grump," she joked, taking her best friend's hand. "And you couldn't run me off with a shitty mop." At her kind teasing words, Leah's resolve cracked and she began sobbing. Dakota climbed out of the car and walked around, pulling Leah from her seat and taking her into a hug. "Everything's gonna be alright, and I'm not going anywhere." Leah cried harder, her face buried in Dakota's shoulder. She said something between gasps, but it was muffled by the younger girl's shirt. "What'd you say?" Leah took a deep breath. "Don't let Paul hurt you," she demanded, still gasping. "Don't let him hurt you, please. I'll kill him, I swear I'll fucking kill him…" "Shh," Dakota soothed. "Don't you worry about me. I'll be alright, Leah-Bean." Somewhere in the distance, she heard a wolf howl, desperate and longing. Without another word, she rushed Leah inside.