two months I agreed and we started the process without his daughters' knowledge. I had been shocked when three days after our final meeting, where the paperwork had been agreed upon and sent to our attorneys for final review before signing, his sudden death was splashed all over the newspapers. What was even more shocking than his sudden massive heart attack was the fact that he had apparently left everything to the daughter he was trying to keep from getting everything. Because we had not signed anything yet only agreeing verbally, all of our agreements were hearsay and not legal in the slightest. When I had confronted Tanya, my ex-girlfriend from high school and his daughter, about merging our businesses like her father had wanted but giving her a set percentage of total earnings each month she hadn't batted an eye as she agreed under one condition. We date for six months, make it believable in the world's eyes, have a huge scandalous break up making me look like the bad guy, and she signs the company over to me with a 20% total earnings allowance each month for as long as the business was profiting. I had reluctantly agreed because that is the only way I felt like I could honor Eleazar but that was only after speaking with my attorneys and learning that any deals I had made with her father were null and void because they weren't signed by both parties on any legal document. Our agreement started on Halloween and would end the last day of April. "Because I am getting married in a few months and I want my brother to be happy on my special day. Is that so much to ask? Screw that slut puppy and her damned requests. You are coming to my wedding and she's not invited! You deserve to be happy, brother, truly happy." It sounded like she had stomped her foot or something in the background as she got defensive of me and my happiness. "Okay, Ali cat. Have you and Jasper decided where you guys are having your wedding yet? Or better yet, a date?" I asked her knowing that once she got to talking about her wedding she wouldn't be able to stop herself. She sighed into the phone. "Yes and yes. We have it scheduled for May 3rd on a private Greek island off the coast of the third largest Greek island, Lesvos." "Isn't that where you and Jasper met? Lesvos?" I asked because of all the places in the world my sister wanted to go after graduating college, she chose Lesvos, Greece and spent a month exploring the beautiful island. Sending numerous pictures and videos back home to me and our parents. About half way through her month long exploration she ran into another college student studying the history of Greece and it was love at first sight. Or so they both say. "Yep! We would like for everybody to come and enjoy the island with us. It's completely private and has a huge house that can accommodate everybody that is important to us." She squealed excitedly. I ran my fingers through my hair tugging lightly to try and relieve some of the stress I was under these days. "Won't we intrude on your time alone with Jasper?" She giggled. "Nope, we have to be there a few days before and also a few days after the wedding for a bunch of bureaucracy bullcrap." I could picture her waving her hand like the bureaucracy bullcrap as she put it was no big deal when I was almost certain that Jasper was taking care of that portion of their wedding plans. "Jazz got it covered?" I asked her laughing. "Yeah, thank God." She huffed and I heard another phone ring in the background. "I gotta go, bubba. Email the woman back. It won't kill you." She said just as she hung up the phone without giving me an opportunity to reply back. I tossed my phone on my desk as I leaned forward to reply to Gemini's email. To: Gemini198510013 From: Capricorn_guy12366 Date/Time sent: Friday, January 18, 2013 6:04 P.M. Dearest Gemini, I am in a similar boat as you, my pixie of a sister signed me up on the website and has apparently been hacking into my email account to review whoever responded to the profile she created. I happened to be sitting at the office with my email box open when yours came through so I got to it before she did. I assure you that while I didn't create the profile the answer to being a smoker or not is something I actually tell people in real life. To be honest, my situation is so complicated it's almost unbelievable. I just want to let you know that I can't tell you my real name for the moment either, it has to be that way because I am in the middle of a very important business deal that requires a lot of deceit, discretion, and publicity. I promise to explain more at another time, but I think we should get to know each other a bit better first. Here are some basic details about me: I own a restoration company with my childhood best friend. I am 29 years old, live alone in my grandfather's old home in Albany, New York. I have no children but would love to have some one day. I am the oldest child of two very much in love parents who still disgust me with their affectionate displays. I honestly probably work way too much these days because I am trying to avoid the problems in my personal life and work seems the easiest way to escape. You are the first woman to pique my interest other than work for a long while. I think we can have some great conversations and maybe even become really great friends and maybe more over time. Until next time, Gemini. Sincerely, Capricorn