her drive way and stopped. I waited for her to get out of the truck and go inside but she never emerged. I tentatively made my way towards the house, not wanting to get too close because she was probably still angry at me and may even hit me. I reached a point where I could see into the truck without her being able to see me if she looked up. I watched as she let go of the steering wheel and her entire body sagged before she placed her face in her hands and began to sob, well and truly broken. I couldn't get the sight of Bella crying alone in her car out of my mind. No matter what I did to try and distract myself I couldn't get the image of the girl I loved breaking out of my head. I knew I pushed her into her final breakdown but it was Edward that had put her there in the first place. He was the one who had crushed her self-esteem and made her feel as if she couldn't escape from him no matter how badly he treated her. There was nothing more I could do to help her – after seeing her this afternoon I knew that now – but I didn't want to give up on her. I wanted to make her smile, a real smile this time not the broken, half smile she had been giving everyone recently, I wanted to make her feel beautiful and take away her insecurities. I knew it was stupid though, she was never going to leave Edward, nothing I or anyone could say would change that so it didn't matter anymore. I looked out at the rain pounding on my window and went over to it, thinking about the night I biked over to Bella's house and stood out there in the pouring rain to only catch a quick glimpse of her. I stood watching the water pounding the ground for a while before it reminded me too much of Bella's tears and I turned away. I was about to fall face first onto my bed when I saw my cell phone light up with a call. It was Bella. As soon as I saw the name my heart leapt into my mouth and with a shaky hand I brought the phone to my ear. "Hello?" I answered the phone, my voice cracking slightly. "Jake," she began and I could hear her teeth chattering slightly. Where the hell was she? "are you at home?" "Yeah," I replied. "where are you?" "I'm outside." she told me. I didn't wait for her to say anything else I dropped the phone and tore out of my bedroom and down the stairs. I flung the door open and there she was standing on my doorstep in the pouring rain. She turned to me, phone still held to her ear and a smile split her face. She was drenched, her hair was plastered to her face and she had a rosy tint to her face. She looked absolutely beautiful; all I could do was stare at her, taking in every bit of her. "Hey…" I breathed. "Hey…" she replied putting her phone back in her pocket. We stared at each other for a second before I lunged into the rain, grabbed her and kissed her furiously. Instead of pushing me away, as I highly expected her to do, she kissed me back, throwing her arms around my neck as we kissed in the rain like in some kind of classic romantic film. After what seemed like an eternity of the two of us broke apart. I pushed a wet lock of her hair behind her ear while staring deep into her eyes. I didn't know why she was here and a part of me didn't want to know because then there was a chance that she wouldn't tell me what I wanted to know. There was still a chance she wasn't here to tell me that she had left Edward and she wanted to be with me. I opened my mouth to say something but nothing would come out until it all came out very quickly in one big blur. "Bella what are you doing here?" I asked a little breathlessly. "I've left him." she replied. "What?" "I left Edward." she said again clarifying. "You and Jess and Charlie and everyone were right; he wasn't a good guy and he wasn't right for me. We were arguing again so I asked him if all the arguing was really worth it, when he couldn't answer me with anything better than 'but I love you' I left." "And you came here?" I asked a little stupidly, that was rather obvious. "To see you." she told me. "Why did you want to see me?" I asked and despite the pelting rain around me my mouth was completely dry. I tried to swallow the lump in my throat but I couldn't shake my nerves. That was until Bella reached up and kissed me once again. "That's why." she said quietly. "I wanted to tell you that I've left him and that I don't know what's going to happen or what I should do now but I know that I feel safe around you. You make me feel beautiful and you make me feel special. Thank you for everything you've done for me and for being there for me even when I pushed you away." "I'll always be there for you Bella," I told her. "even if you don't want me to be, I'll always be there for you." She smiled at me and I smiled back down at her, neither of us saying anything just standing there getting wetter and wetter with the rain. "So what do we do now?" she asked after the two of us both heard a low rumble of thunder. "Whatever you want to." I replied. 5 down, 10 to go ...dear god