her hands. "Well, you have a week to finish this bottle," Alice commented as she set the bottle in front of me. A pretty big bottle, too. "Yeah...right..." I took another sip of the white wine while Alice dumped the red wine down the sink. "So..." I jumped in surprise as Emmett appeared beside me, sitting in the other bar stool. Edward growled lowly in warning. Emmett smirked, and Carlisle, Edward, and Esme gave him questioning looks as he stood up and stood in the middle of the room. "N-" Edward was cut off again as Jasper blurred up and clamped a hand over Edward's mouth, and held him down on the floor. Carlisle and Esme watched with slightly concerned, and slightly amused faces. I knew they would stop Emmett if he got out of hand. Emmett took an exaggerated breath, and winked at me once again, while Rosalie smirked from the couch. She picked up the TV remote, and turned down the volume. "Eddie finally had sex! Yeah! And it felt so good!" I got down from the bar stool and took a step toward his bulky form. He stepped back and opened his mouth again. Edward grunted against Jasper's hand. "Bella let him put his penis inside her!" Alice dived over the counter and caught my glass as it dropped toward the wooden floor. She was laughing loudly with Rosalie, Emmett, and even Jasper. He couldn't keep it in anymore. Edward's eyes were wide, and blazing with anger. Me? I'm sure my face was pale. His singing wiped the tanned color right off my face. "Emmett!" I shouted. Carlisle and Esme looked a little disturbed. Edward finally wrestled Jasper off him, and came to my side with heaving breaths. "That was unnecessary!" He fumed. I crossed my arms, but I was shocked as a smile creeped up onto my face. I finally blushed as Alice pointed at my face. "You're smiling! See? You know it's funny!" Emmett trapped my arms at my sides as he hugged me, and twirled me around. Carlisle and Esme finally loosened up and smiled as they watched us. "What happened to the 'too graphic' thing?" Edward looked at Carlisle and Esme with a raised eyebrow. He wasn't nearly as angry any more. "Edward, it's okay. He's just having fun," I wheezed. Edward glared at Emmett, and he finally set me down and rested his arm on my head with one more laugh. "You make everything so much more fun, you know that?" I looked up at Emmett, and smiled despite my red face. He winked at me again before going back over to Rosalie. "You done?" Edward asked his brother. Emmett rubbed his chin in thought. Edward growled through clenched teeth. I placed my hand on his chest to calm him down. "For now," he said in a dark voice before laughing evilly. Edward pinched the bridge of his nose, and I couldn't help but laugh. I felt better once Edward started to smile through his little bit of anger. We all had a good laugh. It took a while for Carlisle and Esme to join. About a half an hour later, we all sat down for a movie. I let Edward pick. I don't remember what it was called, but it wasn't all that bad. It ended at around 11:45. I yawned, and everyone glanced at me. Edward stood up and offered me his hand. "You need a good sleep. You are going shopping with-" "Me!" Alice cut him off again . Edward pursed his lips in annoyance. I rubbed my eyes and chuckled. Alice lightly punched Edward's shoulder with a smirk. "Yeah." I yawned again, and Edward finally just picked me up bridal style, and I let my head fall against his chest. "Goodnight," I mumbled to everyone. They all replied back while Edward kept a human pace to get up the stairs. I easily welcomed the warmth of the blankets as he set me down on our bed. I closed my eyes. Edward came up behind me, pressing his chest to my back. The coolness was welcomed as well, and I hummed in pleasure as he wrapped his arms around my torso and pulled me closer. "I need to put on PJ's," I mumbled into the pillow. I didn't want to open my eyes. My eyelids turned into bricks with weights tied to them. "Lift your hips," Edward breathed into my ear. My eyes finally opened as my stomach clenched. His hands skimmed my hips slowly. I swallowed the saliva that seemed to come faster into my mouth. I somehow kept my breathing steady as I lifted my hips. My heart was another story, though. Edward tugged my shorts off, and discarded them on the floor. I went to look back at him over my shoulder, but he placed a hand on my cheek and turned my face back. "Sit up." I did what I was told like I was in a trance. He gently and lovingly pulled my shirt over my head. He brushed my hair back and laid me back down with a lingering kiss on my temple. I wasn't that tired anymore. Edward pressed himself closer into my back once again. "Go to sleep, my love. You're so tired." "Believe me, I'm not anymore," I admitted with a flushed face. He chuckled lightly and started humming my lullaby. I didn't like how that affected me. I was tired again. "I wish I could sleep. I would dream about you, and only you. I wish I could wake up and see your beautiful face right in front of me," he murmured into my hair. My eyelids were bricks again. They drooped down. "I wish I was human." I fell asleep as he said those words. The words that actually saddened me. All right! The next chapter will hopefully be up tomorrow, and it will be Edward's POV. Please review and show me that you actually want another chapter.