despite all the words she wants to scream and all the tears she wants to cry, Bella moves past him, fumbling to put her key into the lock. Once Bella unlocks the apartment door, she pauses, staring at the white wood. "Jacob—" "No," Jacob interrupts. "I know what I did was wrong, but you have to believe me—I am still in love with you , and I will always be in love with you, not her. Bella, we can't just throw away our five years of bliss, just because I did something so stupid that I completely regret." Bella remains quiet, leaning her forehead against the door. What he said is true… They had five years of near perfect bliss, and she certainly still felt something for him. But no, she couldn't trust him, and relationships founder on the lack of trust. He places his hand on top of hers which rests on the door knob and squeezes gently. "Please, Bells," he pleads using her childhood nickname, "please believe me." There's too much going through her head at this moment, and her brain is still throbbing from the after effects of last night. This was Jacob Black, her childhood best friend and high school through college boyfriend. Bella could trust him with her life… but now, she wasn't so sure she could trust him with her heart. Alas, she nods faintly, and then she's being turned around into his arms. "Thank you, Bella, thank you so much for giving me, for giving us, this second chance. You won't regret it, I promise you," Jacob murmurs into her hair, pressing his lips against her forehead. Bella moves back, however, placing her hands on his chest to create some distance between them. He may have been thanking her for giving him another chance, but she sure as hell was not forgiving him yet. "If you step even one toe out of line," she warns, "we are over for good. And I don't feel comfortable returning to how we were before, so we'll have to start over." Jacob nods emphatically, fully conveying his understanding of her words. "Of course, baby, I can't thank you enough. I'll head out now, but I love you." And before she realizes it, he leans in and places a chaste kiss against her lips, before turning around and walking down the stairs. She leans against the door, squeezing her eyes shut, considering whether or not she had done the right thing. Bella presses her lips together, and her eyes fly open when the feeling of Mr. Magic Lips immediately overwhelms her sensations. Shaking her head, she finally enters her apartment, resolving to wash that feeling away with a nice, hot shower and a cathartic run. :-:-:-:-: She was never a big runner—or exerciser, actually—but she found it to be a good stress relief. Normally after a long day at the office, she would head down to the public gym and knock out a couple miles on the treadmill. Today, however, the weather was pleasant for a run outside—not too sunny, not too chilly, and thank goodness, not too rainy. A breath of fresh air would be tremendously beneficial. As Bella sweats, purging her body of all unwanted emotions, she bitterly wonders why she didn't run instead of drinking her heart out. She could have avoided so much: a massive headache, an unwanted confrontation, a night with Mr. Magic Lips… Bella shakes her head. That was the second time that day he had popped into her mind. She was back with Jacob—kind of—and it was only 10 o'clock! Jacob. Yes, Jacob. She hopes she wouldn't regret giving him another shot. He was still her friend, her longest friend in fact, and that was something she didn't want to lose… Well maybe he should've thought about that before he hopped into bed with another woman . No , she shakes her head again. She would need to put that behind her if there was any chance of them moving forward. And it's not like she is any better than him, having a one night stand. But at least there was an understanding that they had somewhat broken up when she ran off , her mind counters. God, her legs were burning. They would be sore the next day—and not the pleasant kind of soreness she had experienced when she had woken up this morning. Bella's mind flashes back to a hazy recollection of the night's events. His mouth working wonders on her body… His hands holding her against the taut muscles of his abdomen… His cock hitting places in her never before felt… Bella flushes hard, her constant footsteps becoming sporadic, embarrassed to have thought that. Bella shudders involuntarily, squeezing her eyes shut and exhaling an unsteady breath. The next thing she knows, she's tripping over her laces—but she doesn't fall to the ground. No, Bella falls into the sweaty embrace of another person. Could her day have gotten any worse? She almost wishes she had fallen on the ground rather than having to deal with someone. Nevertheless, Bella straightens herself out, staring at the large feet of her unwanted savior. "Thanks," she mumbles, red-faced. Her gaze travels up, lingering a little too long on his nicely muscled stomach, before she finally reaches his green eyes. A smirk is playing on his face, and she has to stare at him for a moment longer, before her eyes open in faint recognition. His smirk broadens when she becomes aware of who he is… Mr. Magic Lips. :-:-:-:-: Date uploaded : June 14, 2016 Word count : 3,037 Truthfully, I used to write for this website a couple years ago. I'm trying to get back into writing, however, under a different pen name. Please forgive me if my writing is rusty—I hope it will improve as the story progresses. Be sure to share your love, offer any plot suggestions, or give out any criticism that can help me to improve. Thanks again.