moment where they did that thing with staring into each other's eyes and I shivered, I would never understand the bond of an imprint. "Get a fucking room." I muttered as I passed them and grabbed a muffin from the small wooden table, Emily blushed a deep red and Sam rolled his eyes at me, I only shrugged in response. "Do you have to leave tonight?" Emily asked and looked up at me with her big doe like eyes, she was a sweet person and despite my cold demeanor she some how forged an attachment to me during my two months of being here. I nodded my head instead of answering her, I didn't have to leave now but I wanted to and it felt wrong lying to someone as sweet and innocent as Emily. She frowned, clearly unhappy with my answer but knew there was nothing she or anyone could do about it, more often than not once my mind was made up it stayed that way. I bit into the muffin and savored the tangy blueberry flavor, Emily was a damn good cook. "How long are you gonna be gone this time?" Sam asked and it was my turn to frown, it really wasn't any of his business. "Hopefully for a while." Jared yelled from the couch and I hurled my muffin at his head with all the force I could muster, it hit his head with a loud splat sound and Sam's booming laughter followed after it. "You know Jared I really hope you learn to shut your mouth before I get back or else I'll do it for you." I said and smirked at the shocked look on his face, he had to expect me to do something like that. "And to answer your question Sam I'm not exactly sure how long I'll be gone." That answer seemed to irritate him even more than if I would've told him to fuck off. "But what about school?" His frown got deeper and my patience grew thinner. "School can wait." My irritation leaked into my clipped tone. "Can you at least promise to find a tutor when you come back?" Even though it was a question I knew he wouldn't give me a choice when the time came. "Yes." I lied smoothly, I had no intention on doing what he told me to do. "Well I have to get going." I didn't have to I wanted to. "Bye sweetie." Emily moved in for a hug but I side stepped her, she looked up at me with a small frown before smiling at me. When she smiled at me the edges of her scars around her mouth moved and shone brightly in the kitchen lighting. "Be safe." Was all Sam said and I nodded at him before darting out of the house and jumping down the four porch steps, I landed in a tuft of dirt but bounded into the forest regardless. Twigs and branches scraped at my face and bare arms but the pain didn't register I was to tightly wound with excitement and anticipation to let something as insignificant as pain stop me. My mind raced with dazzling pictures of where I was about to go and my heart soared at the mere memory of such a place. The moonlight peaked through thick blankets of trees and guided me like fingers to my preferred destination, it almost felt as if it were caressing me skin. The cold air lashed harshly at my skin and felt like small ice pallets were hitting me as I continued bounding through the thick dark woods. My feet silently hit the forest floor and with each step I felt more and more excited, my muscles were wound up tightly as if I was preparing to spring at any minute. The dazzling fanfare of breathless pictures spun at breakneck speed before my minds eyes, a whirlwind of blue, white, and soft gold. My breath came fast and hard from both running and envisioning where I would soon be, my heart skipped a beat at the thought. Even though I couldn't wait to be gone for how ever long I pleased I couldn't help but feel like something or someone would be waiting for me when I returned, the strange thought sent a chill down my spine. I didn't need someone else to form an emotional attachment to me like Emily and Sam have, and despite me and Jared's arguing I know he's formed some kind of attachment to me as well. One person having any kind of attachment to me is to much and three makes me want to run far away and stay gone until they forget about me. I broke through a thick patch of trees and onto soft sand that my feet sunk into and slowed my pace but not by much. Sand kicked up behind me and fell into the back of my sneakers, my heel pressed against the small grains and if wasn't so excited for what was about to come I would of been severely irritated. I stopped a few inches away from the shore line and bent over with my hands on my knees in order to catch my breath. When I finally caught my breath I stared up at the full moon and felt the familiar itch under my skin but this time it was comforting instead or irritating like earlier in Jared's truck. "Yes." A soft sigh left my lips and a sort of weightlessness took over. I looked down at my hands and a small smile graced my lips, my hands were now a glowing transparent and my body was being lifted upward. By now I could tell I had glowing white complexion as floated up and up until moonlight was the only thing I could see. Peacefulness took over me as I rode the tranquil moon beams higher and higher to the only place that could truly give me peace. please review