way home, finally done with his shift when he heard his radio come to life from dispatch. "This is Charlie, What's up?" "Sir, It's Amber. Before you freak out, she's fine. She drove herself to the hospital. Thomas was there and saw her." Charlie sighed as he made a sharp right, driving towards the hospital now. "Thank you." He let the radio go as he sped up. Of course Amber wanted to try and hide this from him. She hated being made a fuss over and always felt like she was a bother to him or Bella. {X} Amber sat on one of the beds, getting more flashbacks of when she was here four years ago. She shuddered before she heard footsteps approaching her section. A tall man with blonde hair and honey eyes appeared in front of her, wearing a long white lab coat. She had seen a lot of those eyes today, maybe they were all related.. The man smiled at her, looking at his chart before back at her, "Amber Swan, you must be the chief's daughter I've heard so much about." Amber looked up at him and smiled lightly, not really feeling up to keeping up a front at the moment. Her wrist was aching and was a little swollen. She hadn't been paying attention and tripped, spraining her wrist as she fell. She wouldn't have bothered coming in but she was worried it was broken and not just sprained. The man smiled brighter at her, his cheerful disposition helping a little to cheer her up. "I'm Doctor Cullen, but you can call me Carlisle." He gently lifted up her wrist, his hands just as cold as Alice's. "Your wrist was sprained and the swelling is from that." He pulled out brace from a pocket in his coat and gently slipped it on her arm, tightening it around her arm slightly. He smiled at her when he was finished, "Just keep this on for about three days, use ice if it hurts too much. If it doesn't start improving after three days you should come back and we'll figure something out." Amber flexed her hand and nodded, the brace feeling comforting on her injured wrist. She tilted her head before signing, with a bit of difficulty, Are you related to Alice Cullen? Carlisle smiled at her and nodded, "Yes. I'm her adopted father. My five children all go to school with you. We just moved here not too long ago." Amber smiled softly and nodded, mouthing a thank you at him. She was surprised both Alice and Carlisle knew sign language, maybe they had a family member that was mute or deaf. Carlisle smiled and patted her knee, "I'll sign the release papers, just sit here for a bit until it's all done." Amber nodded and looked down at the brace as Carlisle walked off. She heard heavy boot steps walk through the main doors and looked up. Charlie was standing there. He looked around before making eye contact with her. He hurried over to her and looked her brace over before hugging her gently. "Are you alright?" Amber nodded, gently hugging him back. She was fine, her wrist was a little sore but it was getting better. Charlie leaned back and sighed as he smoothed her hair down, "I'm glad you're okay, but please, next time just tell me if you're hurt.." Amber smiled lightly before slowly nodding, she would try her best. Charlie sat on the bed beside her and ran a hand through his own hair, "Are you able to drive home?" "I'd advise her not to for tonight. Just rest your wrist today, tomorrow if it's fine you can resume normal activity with the brace on." Amber looked up to see Carlisle standing at the foot of her bed. Carlisle smiled at the two before Charlie started talking to Carlisle about some things. Amber sighed softly and looked down at her wrist. "Are you ready to go?" Amber looked up to see Charlie and Carlisle standing beside her bed. Amber nodded and got up, smiling at Carlisle softly. Charlie patted her on the shoulder, "Carlisle said that one of his children offered to bring your car over tomorrow morning so you don't have to worry about it." Amber hadn't thought about her Jeep. She nodded and handed Carlisle a spare key from her bag. She went to ask another question when Carlisle was paged over the speaker system in the room. She saw Carlisle smile apologetically at them before leaving in a rush. Amber turned to Charlie and walked with him outside, going to her Jeep which Charlie had parked next too. She grabbed her bag out of the back and her shoes, putting them in the trunk of Charlie's car. Charlie walked over to her and sighed as he opened the passenger door for her, "Let's get you home so you can rest." Amber looked up at him and huffed, signing she was fine. The brace was just a precaution. She shook her head before sitting down. Charlie shut the door, getting in on his side, starting to drive home once they were both buckled in. "I just thought... You were upset and you drove and I assumed you were in an accident.." He looked over at her briefly before looking back at the road. "You're as much my daughter as Bella is and I was worried.. I know it's nothing serious this time, but something could happen.. I just don't want to see you hurt." Amber frowned as she listened to him. She gently placed her hand over his. She smiled at him when he looked over at him. I'm not going anywhere dad. Charlie laughed, trying not to cry. Amber rarely called him dad or father but it mattered when she did. He nodded at her, pulling into the driveway. "Alright, enough sappiness. Let's go watch a horror movie." Amber grinned and nodded, getting out and grabbing her stuff.