the end of the summer." "Someone's getting laid the night he gets back." Peter laughed. "She'll be really happy to see you, man." Jasper nodded fondly. "I know." Because he was going to be happy to see her, too. The plane ride had been a long one. Thirteen hours between Iraq and America, but then a five and a half hour flight between Atlanta, Georgia and Seattle, Washington. "This is your captain speaking. We have now landed in Seattle, Washington and you will be in the airport momentarily. We hope you have enjoyed your flight." Jasper smiled as he saw the familiar structure of the Seattle airport. As soon as the plane had come to a stop, Jasper stood up, retrieved his carry on bag from above him, and made his way out into the airport. After he found his bags, it didn't take Jasper long to see his brother-in-law standing tall above everyone else in the crowded area. Upon taking a closer look, Jasper also saw his twin sister standing beside Emmett, her arm wrapped around her husband's. "Hey, Jasper!" Emmett boomed as Jasper walked up and into his sibling's embrace. "Man, how are you?" Jasper smiled. "Tired, but other then that I'm great!" He turned toward Rosalie and put his arm around her shoulders. "And how are you, twin sister?" Rose chuckled and hugged Jasper tight. "I missed you so much! God, Alice is gonna be so psyched to see you." "Shorty's been talking about seeing you nonstop for the past week, Jasper. She's definitely ready for you." Emmett stated. "Then why keep her waiting? It's already gonna be late when I get home...I should probably get going." Emmett and Rose nodded before leading the way through the airport and out towards Emmett's truck. "We'll be in Forks tomorrow, so we'll stop by and pick up the truck then." Emmett said as he leaned against Rosalie's convertible. Rose gave Jasper one last hug before going to stand next to Emmett. "I love you, twin brother!" Jasper chuckled. "I love ya'll, too. Thanks again, by the way. You guys have no idea how much this means to me." "It's no problem. Now, go see your wife!" Emmett yelled as he climbed in the car and Rosalie drove away. Jasper through his bags in the back seat, took off his coat, and made himself comfortable in the driver's seat before turning the key and speeding out of the parking lot. He couldn't wait to hold his wife in his arms, to feel her warm body against his, and to know that she was safe in his arms. He was finally going to see his Alice. So I'm coming over, I hope it's alright Listen for me pulling into your drive Look out your window, you'll see my lights Baby girl I gotta see you tonight The way the breeze is blowing, blowing Got me wishing I was holding, holding Holding you so tight under that porch light But girl I gotta see you tonight, tonight, tonight Girl I gotta see you tonight, tonight, tonight, yeah Alice was going insane. She still had to wait two days before she could go back to Houston to meet Jasper, and it was taking an unbelievably long amount of time. "Alice, sweetheart," Carlisle said as he brought her a cup of tea," you look like your head is going to explode." "I FEEL LIKE MY HEAD IS GOING TO EXPLODE!" Alice exclaimed. "I can't wait two more days, daddy." She grabbed the cup of tea from his hands and took a sip before setting the cup down on the table. "I'm going insane." Carlisle sighed and sat down next her on the window seat. "Alice, I know this has been hard on you, but it's only forty two hours...I'm sure you can wait." She groaned and leaned into his side as she gazed out the window and he layed a blanket over her small body. The wind rustled the leaves on the trees and a soft rain was falling from the dark blue night sky making her think of Jasper's soft, blue eyes. She couldn't wait to be held in his warm embrace, cuddling into the sheets as they fell asleep, or waltzing around their Houston home. It was her last thought before she fell asleep listening to the sound of the rain. "Alice." Carlisle whispered as he nudged his daughter out of her slumber. "Hey, sweetheart." Alice groaned in protest as a bright light shone in her now open eyes. She saw her father kneeling beside her, basking in the glow of the light. "What?" She sat up and looked around. "Alice, look outside." She rubbed her eyes, full of sleep, and let out a small yawn before turning around towards the source of the light. It looked like Emmett's truck, but Emmett wasn't in the passenger seat. Jasper was. Alice was now fully awake as she jumped up and leaned towards the window, making sure it was all real. She could see Jasper shut the truck off, the lights disappearing, and him getting out of the truck holding a bouquet of roses. "Jasper..." As quick as lightning, Alice ran through the living room, through the door, and down the stairs till she threw open the front door and jumped into her husband's arms, her legs wrapping around his waist. "Jazz!" She felt his deep chuckle in his chest as he buried his nose in her hair. "Hey, darlin'." Alice had tears forming in her eyes as she pulled back to stare into his blue eyes. "I can't believe you're really here." "I know, baby, but I am, and I'm not going anywhere for a long time." The young couple kissed each other under the moonlight and just held each other. No words were spoken, because none were needed. They had each other, and that was all they needed that rainy, september night. A follow, favorite, or leaving a review would amazing! (: