space on the floor now. It has flowers growing on it. When we moved to this bigger house, it was large enough that Bella and I didn't have to share rooms. Renee didn't think anything of it and put us in separate rooms. We didn't like it and we still sleep in one or the other's bed at night. We were never apart. Not even at school. They tried to separate us and it ended..badly. It was like Bella ceased to function and I was causing so much chaos trying to get back to her. It was like I felt incomplete. Empty. For the first time in my life, I found out what Bella was scared of. She was terrified of being separated from me. It was different other times, she knew where I was always, that I was safe, and that I would be back soon. She didn't feel comfortable being away from me 8 hours of the day. They never really tried to separate us again after that horrid week. After that happened, we never again caused any trouble at school, but they did make us talk to a counselor. They never did figure out why Bella and I had such terrible separation anxiety. People called us creepy. I couldn't help it. While Bella was a little anti-social in the books, she didn't outright reject strangers. She did now. I should feel bad, but I don't. I don't feel like any of these people have the right to be close to us. They couldn't even tell us apart. They didn't deserve to be Bella's friend. One time, Bella convinced me to let an older girl become friends with us. I foolishly let it happen. We were 10, and I decided that Bella should be able to have other friends here besides me. I let her out of my sight. That little bitch asked Bella to go to her house after about a week of being 'friends'. Bella went and within an hour she came back bawling her eyes out. Her so called friend was really an evil conniving bitch who set 'the weaker twin' ,her words not mine, up so her and her stupid circle of friends could bully her without me stepping in. Did they think I wouldn't know? The next day, I sent Bella home without me and I caught up to those kids. Turns out, they walked home everyday. There were two boys and three girls. I beat the holy hell out of them, I was just so angry. Sure, I got a black eye and a bloody nose, but they were quickly reminded why nobody messed with Bella. They apologized to her the next day. Bella knew what I did, and Jesus Christ on a Crutch, I'm pretty sure she's one of the few people who scare me. That's how bad her scoldings were. I was surprised when she hugged me. "Bella! What happened?!" Renee thought it was Bella who had got beaten up. Of course, one of the parents called Renee, angrily demanding I apologize, and for a while- Renee thought I should have to. Until I explained what happened. Then she got mad and told the other parent to stuff it. Mom hugged me and told me I was a good sister. She said Swans were very protective birds, kissed my forehead, and went to a palm reading class. She made me and Bella take self defense classes with her the week after. About a week after that, she switched to a pottery class. Bella and I stayed in the self defense class. If Bella was messed with again, she'd be able to hold her own until I got there. Bella never really wanted to hurt anyone, even if they hurt her. Girl was a people pleaser. I told her to always be truthful with me, and she was always open with her feelings about things to me. She did not like when I beat people up for her. When we went back to Forks that summer, Jake thought it was the funniest thing he'd ever heard. I pushed him in the mud when he said we should become tag team wrestlers. When we were fourteen years old, I was walking home from detention. I had gotten into a fight with another kid because he tried to pick on me, thinking I was Bella. After all those years, everyday Bella and I dressed exactly the same. You ask me, it wouldn't be that hard to tell us apart. Looking at us side by side, I looked scarier than Bella. I guess I had that look on my face. Bella had to go pay bills that day, so she couldn't wait for me like she always did. I had missed the bus, so I was stuck walking home alone. I never knew that danger could literally be around the corner. Something had followed me. I couldn't hear shuffling and the odd growl or two. It wasn't a vampire. No, it was too sunny for them to be around where we lived. But other supernatural creatures were around. I didn't have much of a warning before something jumped out at me. It looked like a large, mangy dog. I had hoped it was a mangy dog. Last thing I remember was it lunging at me and I screamed. I woke up in the hospital covered in bites that burned, Bella beside me and my mom arguing with my dad in the hallway with the doctor. I was so angry. It had better been a dog that bit me. I swear to God, I will not be a Mary Sue if I can help it! Well thats chapter one. I hope to get at least 5,000 words per chapter. if you want gabby to be a werewolf, lemme know, or else it was just a dog that bit her. i kinda do want her to be one. eh you decide dudes add in your suggestions!