had parked my pickup, holding a huge umbrella, thank god! The girl had brown hair, pulled up in a tight ponytail. "My name is Jessica Stanly, and I am one of your new stable hands!" She had one of those fake I-am-way-to-happy smiles plastered across her oval shaped face, and I knew right away that she was one of THOSE girls. One who would do anything to get a piece of Swan International. I was raised to plaster the same, fake smile on my face too, but right now, I was way too tired and angry to even try to be polite. I just wanted to get something unhealthy to eat and then find my bed and go to sleep. "Nice to meet you, Jessica. Can you please take my horses stuff into the stable for me; I am really tired after the trip." I tried not to sound too demanding, but she was after all my employee. Her fake smile faltered a bit, but she gave me a smiling "of course!" and gave me the umbrella. I didn't have any baggage, I had sent everything I owned by plane yesterday, so after I had made sure Chess and Caspian was OK and getting them into the stables, I ran into my very own, fully unpacked and decorated house. No mater how much I hated Charlie for just sending me away when I needed him the most, I had to say I was honestly glad for this amazing gift he had given me. Make my own sanctuary, my own little piece of heaven. My house wasn't big at all, it was just a white, square wooden house with black roof, two floors and a nice terrace that wrapped around the house. I locked myself in through the red front door, and just closed my eyes, smelling my new house, my new home. The ground floor was open, with a wooden stair leading to the second floor in the middle, facing the front door. To the left of the stair was first a nice dining room and the kitchen, and through the kitchen was the door to a wonderful screened porch, so I could sit there and watch the rain fall on the green world of Forks. The kitchen was simple and contained only the things I needed, and the counter was the same kind of wood as the little, round dining table that stood in the middle of the dining room. On the right side of the stairs was a little toilet practically placed just to the right of the entrance, and a big closet for shoes and jackets. A nicely sized and simple furnished living room with a fireplace followed. My old, comfy brown leather chair was the only piece of furniture that wasn't spanking new. To my utter joy, it didn't match the new, crispy leather chair that was placed in the middle of the room, or the elegant, black mahogany tea table in front of it. I had gone out of my way to make almost everything in my house miss match, picking the things I liked and not caring if any of them matched. On the wall that faced away from the fireplace was massive painting over my sofa. It had been painted in the 1953 by an unknown artist, and it was the most beautiful thing I owned, except for my horses. It was a painting of a herd of wild mustangs, galloping across the Nevada desert. The painter had managed to capture the wild essence of the horses, the power and strength inside them, and their loving of total freedom. My sofa was facing the fireplace, but my chair was facing that picture. After I had shrugged of my soaked through, red SIS hoodie and kicked of my shoes, I walked into my amazing kitchen, took a banana from the kitchen counter, I guess someone had shopped for me, then turned of all the lights and went up the stairs to the second floor, where my bedroom and the big bathroom was on the left side of the stairs, my storage room and office/library to the left side. Let's just face it, when you compete as much as I did, and train so many horses and riders, you need an office space. After a quick look into my walk-in closet at the far end of my new bedroom, that was fully stocked with all my cloths, I shuffled over the dark wooden floor of my room, shedding the rest of my clots on the way, and dropped down on the big, round bed that was placed in the middle of the room. I turned over on my back, and even though I was really tired, I had to sit up and look around at my bedroom. It was the coolest thing ever. The floor boards were painted in al shades of dark blue and dark green, and the walls were painted like rippling water too, except the wall that faced away from the wall that separated my room from the stairs, the wall with windows. That wall was painted like a white shore, with palm trees and all that jazz. The ceiling was painted like a stare filled sky, and all the little stars were small lights that shone dimly when I clapped my hands two times, and all other light went out. I smiled as a shrugged myself under the blue silk covers of my bed, and lying there, I felt like I was floating the middle of the sea, just like I had intended when I constructed the room in my head. I closed my eyes, and for the first time in a long time, I felt like I was actually in a place I could feel at home. AN: Ok, so English is not my first language and I am dyslectic. If you think I have too many mistakes, you can correct them for me and I will post the correction.