I asked. 'No,' he said, complying with my silent wishes to not talk about my mother's inevitable death. 'I have two other daughters,' he said, two older sisters; now that is exciting. I always wanted sisters when I was growing up, that was until I realised Mum was the best sister I could have. 'Rachel and Rebecca, they moved away for College,' he told me. 'Does Jacob go to College?' 'No, he lives across town with his girlfriend and her family,' he told me. 'Why doesn't he live here?' 'I wish I could give you a simple answer,' he sighed, 'I suppose he is becoming a man now, needs his freedom.' I knew this was a touchy subject. Possibly something that made Billy sad and I didn't want to make him sad. 'How old are Rachel and Rebecca?' 'Rachel and Rebecca are twins, they're both 28. Rebecca is married now to Solomon, Rachel lives with her boyfriend here in town. He's called Paul,' he explained. My older sisters were 13 years older than me, nearly double my age. I hope they like me too. 'I should ring them too,' he said to himself. 'I'll leave you to it,' I told him, picking my phone up from the table. 'Would it be okay if I had a bath?' I asked. 'Of course, the bathroom is next to your room,' he told me. 'Thank you,' I said, I gave him a parting smile and made my way to the bathroom. There were towels inside already but Mum had bought new towels for me so I collected them from the bedroom, leaving my phone in there and went into the bathroom. I considered taking a shower as Billy had a large shower he could take his chair into but I felt too achey and tired so I opted for a bath. It took just over 10 minutes to fill the bath with hot water, I waited patiently; sitting on the lid of the toilet. I took my clothes off, folding them neatly and then took a few minutes to lower myself into the hot water. It was nice, having my muscles relax slowly; the steam felt good too. I was practically falling asleep in the bath when I heard a knock at the door, a harsher knock than mine. I listened intently as Billy answered the door to who I assumed was Jacob. I wished I wasn't in the bath now so I could listen in, just to hear how he deals with the information but then again, if he reacted badly; I wouldn't like to be there. I washed my hair with the shampoo that was on the side and conditioned it afterwards. I soaked for a few more minutes and then eventually climbed out of the bath and took the plug out. I listened intently but was only greeted with silence so I got dried and wrapped the towel around myself. I collected my clothes and ducked out of the bathroom into my bedroom, Mum was still asleep so I changed into my pyjamas as quietly as possible, in the dark too. I found my brush and raked through my hair until it was free of tats. I wasn't sure what to do after that. I couldn't wake Mum up, she needed the rest so I sat on the edge of the bed, unsure. I didn't want to go out there if Jacob was still here, he and Billy might not want me lurking around but then I didn't want to hide away in here either. After a few more minutes of listening to nothing, I took my phone and my pink Skull headphones and made my way to the living room. The kitchen door was shut so I made myself comfortable on the turquoise on red pattern sofa and put my headphones on, I kept my volume on low as I listened to Taylor Swift. 'Shake it off' was becoming one of my most listened to songs and I couldn't help it, it made me feel giddy and want to get up and dance. At a time like this, it was nice to feel like that. I went onto Facebook and scrolled through my newsfeed, stopping at each individual status of my school friends to see if they were posting anything interesting. I liked a picture of Beth and commented 'beautiful' on it. It took her mere seconds to like the comment and reply with 'not as beautiful as you, I miss you so much already.' I told her I missed her too and changed the song to 'heal this heartbreak' by JLS. I didn't notice I wasn't alone until a tall man with russet skin and short black hair stood near me in my vision, I pulled my headphones off immediately and looked up at him. He was staring at me, I wasn't sure whether he looked nice or frightening as he just stared, his features blank for a few long seconds. 'Grace, right?' He asked. I nodded, his jaw relaxed as he took a seat on the sofa next to mine. I stopped my music playing on my phone and put it down, gripping the end of my pyjama top; nervous. 'I'm Jake,' he told me, 'um…your brother.' I did my best to smile at him as nicely as I could, he smiled back; his eyes did that melting into gentle brown pools that Billy's seemed to do. 'So…um,' he said. 'You're a lot taller than I thought you'd be,' I told him, knowing he wasn't sure what to say to me. Billy chuckled from behind us, wheeling up to sit in the middle. 'He used to be a weed once, believe it or not,' Billy told me, smiling deviously as Jacob rolled his eyes and sat back into the sofa, a smile tugging on his lips. 'Mature,' he muttered. I grinned at him. I can tell we're going to get along, all three of us. Please review!