double check a few times that I wouldn't get in the way or be inflicted to their couple time. I took Rose's word over Emmett's innuendo. I loved those few weeks. I loved my freedom, the choice of what to wear, where to go, what to do. It made me realise I wouldn't go back to being controlled even if it cost me the rest of the family. I hoped it wouldn't but I had to hope for the best, prepare for the worst. My last year of school. The autumn months I spent trying to rebuild a relationship with my husband but each and every time the pieces fell further and further apart. Each time he dazzled me I became more and more resentful, once I recovered. He destroyed any remnants of trust. Ours wasn't the only relationship that was falling apart. Jasper stopped letting Alice dictate his every move. Alice got angry trying to force his hand by claiming he would hurt me or someone else. Jasper proved Alice wrong each day. Each time she lied or withheld the truth their distance grew. Jasper started spending more time with Emmett and that led to spending time with Rose and I. I stood up for Jasper when Alice was claiming he would try to attack me, I told her I trusted Jasper without reservation. I think that was a huge turning point for Jasper and I. He started to spend time with me without running out of the room the second we were left alone. Turns out we have quite a lot in common. We spent many hours just sat in the same room reading or discussing a book. I found those hours the most restful I can remember. It was after Christmas that I noticed I had stopped trying to work things out with Edward. He had stopped trying with me as well. I thought I knew it was coming but it was a shock to find it truly over. It took me a couple more weeks before I pulled up the courage to end things properly. I went to Carlisle first and asked him his advice on getting a divorce. Carlisle was disappointed but he didn't think there was another way for us. He assumed I would part ways with the rest of the family but I disagreed vehemently with that idea. It seems Alice had seen my decision and Jasper's so Carlisle got divorce papers for us, a two for one type deal. Edward threw them at me and told me he would never change me, he never intended changing me. I got more angry that he tricked me into marrying him without ever intending to follow through with all his promises. Things between us were broken but he was determined to shatter me with his spiteful barbs. The divorces were finalised as we graduated. Edward and Alice started their demands that Jasper and I be thrown out, they told us in no uncertain terms we were no longer welcome in the same house as them. Carlisle put up a token resistance but Alice came up with, "I can see..." and with a stream of visions, Carlisle folded. Emmett and Rose on the other hand made it clear they were sticking by us. Carlisle fluctuated but Edward was his first companion and he sided with him. It had been planned we would return to Forks so Charlie could throw us a graduation party. I hoped it would be my goodbye but life moved in a different direction. Edward wouldn't go claiming it too hard for him, Alice claimed she couldn't see herself there. Carlisle and Esme agreed to come. More for Esme to say goodbye to her favourite house for another century rather than me but I'll take what I can get! The trip home was very bitter sweet. I graduated and divorced. Rose is the one to give me hope and direction. She stormed into the room the day before we left, "I've had enough of all your moping, if the two of you think you are escaping us so easy you have another think coming. I have arranged for Emmett's favourite house to be opened for us and you two are coming with us whether you like it or not". Jasper and I just sat and watched her glare at us until we nodded at her then she turned around and walked out. We looked at each other a sighed in relief. I had no idea what to do or where to go after Forks, it weighed on me ever since the divorce. The loss of Rose, Emmett and Jasper would be an impact too great to deal with. I let my emotions free as I came to terms with Rose's ultimatum. The gratitude and love I felt for Rose in that moment bought tears to my eyes. She gave us both a gift that I will never know how to repay. Her name suits her, a whole heap of nasty cruel thorns protect a delicate, beautiful, sweet smelling flower. Her ice bitch persona hides how gentle and caring she is, of those she loves. A true she-bear to match her bear of a husband. Jasper just whispered, "Me too". On the journey to Forks I found out that Jasper had cornered Rose, just as I had, to thank her. I had thrown my arms around her and sobbed until she pushed me off and told me to pull myself together, while dabbing my tears I saw her chin shuddered with unshed emotion. Jasper had a similar tale, he exposed his emotions and she told him to get over himself, that's what you do for family. Her emotions were the only tell that she felt just as strongly as we did. Telling her how much we appreciated her, helped her heal just a little more. She may never be able to carry a child but she had chosen a family that loved her unconditionally.