too expensive is it?" "No it's pretty inexpensive in a sense…" "Alice omg it is isn't it…we can go somewhere else" "Wait slow down its okay I invited you out and I am paying so calm down its okay I got it." Alice smiled reassuringly Bella just nodded but the look on her face look like she still didn't feel comfortable letting it happen. "Excuse me" The two women looked away from each to the source of the voice. "Oh yes?" Alice asked "Would you two like any refreshments?" The waiter asked "Oh well yes I will take a Tea unsweetened please and for you Bella?" "Just a water for now…thank you." "Alright coming right up or would you like to order too while I am here?" "No we didn't even get a chance to look at the menus yet" Alice answered "Okay ma'am just take your time" With that the waiter walked away to get their drinks. Alice picked up her menu and took a peak over it to see Bella already looking over hers. "You find anything you might find good?" "…No not yet…" Sigh. "Bella please get whatever you would like and stop checking the prices" "How did you-" "I did it before when I went on my first date" Giggled Alice "Sorry" Sighed Bella "Nothing to be sorry about Bella just get what you want to eat…now what were you looking at?" "I was thinking about getting the Ravioli Four Cheeses." "Ooo good choice but I think I'll go with the steak well-done of course" Alice hummed "Hello once again ladies here are your beverages and did you decide on what you would like to order?" The waiter asked "Yes I would have the steak well done and Bella?" "The Ravioli Four Cheeses please…" The waiter eyed Bella with a smile and nodded his head and walked off after gathering up the menus "Well creep or no?" Questioned Bella "Creep definitely" Giggled Alice Bella soon joined in with the giggling "I am having a pretty good time so far Alice…" "Same…" She smiled Bella and Alice got lost in a bit of small talk. Going back on forth trying to learn everything they can about the other until their food arrived. "Ladies…" Smiled the waiter "The Ravioli for you and the steak for you…enjoy" He told them. He sent one last look at Bella and walked off Bella either didn't notice or chose to ignore him and began to eat. "Hmm this is…wow" Moaned Bella Giggling. "It's that good huh?" Bella nodded. Giving Bella a soft smile Alice started to dig into her own food. Small talk passed between the two while eating which caused the meal to go by quickly. "Whoo that was good." Alice sighed happily, "Okay just let me pay for the bill and we can be on our way" "Okay" Bella smiled After the bill was paid Alice and Bella made their way out of the restaurant into Alice's car and on their way back to Bella's place. "I had a good time today Allie" smiled Bella "Good cuz that was what I was aiming for and I succeeded. Alice continued to smile at Bella and she smiled back shyly. Alice took a step forward until she stood directly in front her. Alice bit her lip and eyed Bella. Bella stared back and slowly leaned in the same time Alice did and their lips touched. They started to move their lips against each other slowly at first. The kiss started to get heated. Alice abruptly pulled back and with lidded eyes looked at Bella. "Did I do something wrong?" Bella asked sounding insecure "No no nothing. I just thought that we should slow down before we do something that we might regret later on…" "I don't think I would regret it though I enjoyed where this is or was going…" "Me too but I just figured…well next time I won't stop I want to taste something else." Winked Alice "Alice!" blushed Bella "I'm just teasing" she giggled "I know but still…" "Anyway…I was wondering for Emmett's wedding in two days would you like to be my date…." "Y-yes I would like too" "Good…night Bells" Alice said as she pecked Bella one last time on the lips "Night Allie" smiled Bella Wedding day Alice was told by Bella that she would see her at the wedding. Alice entered the ball room and was awed by the sight in front of her. White was everywhere, everything seemed so innocent. "Beautiful…" whispered Alice "Yeah and I helped. That's part of the reason why I came separate from you. I had to finish up a few things for the wedding." "Well like I said it is beautiful" "Well thank you" smiled Bella The crowd around them started to shift towards the hall where the ceremony will be held. "Well I think that is our cue to make our way to our seats." Alice stated Bella nodded and followed Alice through the doors and took their seats. The wedding ceremony went by without a hitch and everyone was moved to ballroom where everyone was dancing. "Since it seems we are the only ones not busting a move I would like to ask you to dance." Alice smiled "I would like that…" blushed Bella While they danced Bella leaned in and whispered, "Can I tell you a secret?" Alice nodded her head "We only knew each other for a few days now but I want you know that I love you…" blushed Bella All Alice could do was smile brightly and slam her lips against Bella's. That was all Bella needed to know that Alice felt the same way. I will be the first one to admit that I think that this was rushed a little towards the end. I wanted to finish this before I was taken away from my internet because of SOME people who shall not be named -_- anyway I still hope you enjoyed…