enjoyed the sensation for a few moments before breaking away with a groan. "Do you realise what that means?" she breathed. Edward shook his head slightly. "It means," she continued, "That, in effect, you can have multiple orgasms." She was beyond enthralled with the idea of doing that for him. Edward felt like his vision actually hazed out with that statement, such was his lust. How did she innocently make his harshest self-depreciating worries disappear at the same time as making him horny as, well as a teenager, with one cheeky comment? He groaned her name before stealing her lips again, and then at her gasp, for the first time, he let his tongue, tentatively, invade her mouth. The venom was negligible and he was desperate to be inside her, in any way he could. Her taste exploded across his tongue and he grunted at the exquisite bolt of lust that came with it. The effect on Bella was immediate as she moaned deeply and her hips jerked forward against his. She cried out into his mouth as she felt his erection against her pussy for the first time. Even through clothes, the feeling was incredible. Better than she ever thought possible. Edward groaned too as he felt her heat and softness against his clothed cock. His hands, still on her bottom, began to pull her rhythmically against him. He lost himself in the sensation as their moans mingled into their joined mouths. Dry humping , his mind noted vaguely. Such a crass term for such an incredible feeling, especially when her hips began rotating with his of her own volition. He could feel her heat increase both between her legs as well as across her body as her arousal grew and felt his balls tighten in response. He really wasn't going to last long. Before he could begin to worry about that however, Bella gasped, breaking their kiss to moan against his lips "Oh God, Edward! I'm, ungh! I'm, so, close!" Edward groaned harshly, so thankful she could be there with him already and began pressing his cock up against her rocking motions, their groins now connecting with more force than he'd ever thought he could use with his love. "Oh, Bella love, yes. Please come. Come against me. I want to see it. I need to see it" he whispered through unnecessary panting breaths. At his words, Bella's eyes rolled back into her head and she gasped harshly before gripping his hair tight. "Ed…Ed – warrrrd!" she wailed as her body imploded with a shower of sparks. Edward moaned gutturally at the sight of his Bella reaching her peak – because of him – and lost control of his orgasm in spectacular fashion as he pulled her tighter still against his pulsating cock. Her name burst out of his chest it seemed as orgasmic sensations rocked him for the first time. His head spun with delight as he felt her scalding hot moistness increase against his cold hard cock. He'd done that! He'd managed to satisfy her before himself! Okay, so they were still fully dressed but the success gave him high hopes that he could do it again whilst they weren't fully clothed too. Eventually their thrusts against each other slowed and they rested their heads against each other's shoulders as they regained their breaths. "Oh Bella, my love" Edward moaned as his hands softly caressed her spine and buried in her luscious hair. "That was, you are, incredible Love." Bella raised her flushed and momentarily satisfied face to his and kissed him softly. "That was amazing Edward" she said, her hand caressed his cheek, unable to stop touching him "I can't believe how you made me feel." She flushed with arousal as she replayed her and his orgasms in her mind and her hips involuntarily rocked against his still erect cock, making her gasp. Edward smiled lovingly at her. Her words and physical response gave him so much confidence. They could do this. They could work it out together and from this experience, it wouldn't be long at all before their practicing would become fully intimate. He grasped her by her pert bottom and pulled her in tight to him, groaning at the feel of her warmth against his still clothed cock, before standing up. "Let's go to the bedroom then Love, and we can see how long it takes before we both believe it". Bella smirked and wrapped her legs tightly around his hips "I think it might take a reaaaally long time" she giggled "We may have to practice for hours". Edward laughed happily. "We have an eternity Love, we can practice forever" he whispered and kissed her as deeply as he dared as he walked them to the bedroom. -ltf- Alice shook the vision free of her mind with a small gag. She smiled though and nodded in satisfaction. Edward and Bella would be amazing together from now on. Their confidence and communication in the bedroom would solidify their relationship and their intense and incredible bond would then see Bella through to an amazing newborn year with great physical and emotional control and barely any blood lust at all. She was going to be fabulous! But if Alice had her way – and she likely would after this turned out so well for them – Bella would be way better dressed in her next vision. She turned inward for a moment, then grinned with satisfaction. Yep! Perfect! A/N: Ha ha, I love Alice, but that meddling would drive me insane! I hope you enjoyed this little one-shot. I'm working on a couple of multi chapter Twi AU stories, please bear with me on those! I don't find a lot of free time to write, but will start posting as soon as either is finished! In the meantime, please do check out my other stories here and on my joint account with my mate Kels at Galaxy69uk and let me know what you think!