soon as the passed the tree line, Sam asked if Paul was up to phasing. They separated far enough to strip in privacy. Paul found it took him longer than normal to phase; he had to make himself angry rather than just letting go. Sam immediately saw the shock in Paul's mind as soon as the phase was complete. Awareness came to Paul that his conversation with Bella the previous night helped him reduce his anger at life in general. Sam caught all this and asked what Bella was to Paul. Sam was surprised that Paul didn't know. He watched Paul's thought process as he tried to answer the question. Strong concern and care were in there, but absolutely no romantic feelings. The closest either of them could come was sister. They had a quick run to ensure Paul had no problems remaining from the previous day. They returned to the house, to find the girls chatting happily with a drink and a muffin. Emily was aware of Sam's plan to find out as much as he could from Bella today. Emily wanted to be sure Bella didn't get overwhelmed by her well-meaning, but focused mate. Sam set the ball rolling by asking Bella the same as he asked Paul. "What is Paul to you?" He asked abruptly. Bella was just as uncertain as Paul. "Well, I only met him yesterday, but saving your life makes a pretty big impact. I feel safe in his presence. I trust him implicitly; like you would a close member of the family. If I have to say I suppose brother would describe how I feel towards him," then she laughed. "If films are anything to go by, after yesterday, I suppose he's my blood brother!" Her words bought them all the same visual, a knife cutting into palms and the palms joining to seal a pact. Sam's eyes went down to Bella's waist then across to Paul's shoulder. "I'll need to talk to the Elders. You may have more insight than the rest of us with that suggestion." Sam jumped up and ran out of the house with that. The other three sat coming to terms with the possibility. That is how Jacob found them a few minutes later when he entered the house. He stopped dead when he saw Bella. "Bells, I..." He broke down in tears and collapsed on the floor. Bella went over to him and threw her arm across his shoulders the best she could. "Hey Jake. I'm okay and now I know the secret. Do I get my best friend back?" The others left the room to allow Jake time to pull himself back together. It was a tearful reunion. Jacob kept trying to say sorry, but Bella would have none of it. She eventually convinced him that turning a little furry now and then had no impact on their friendship. It was only when Jake had calmed down, he allowed himself to look properly at Bella. Shock built on his face as he realized his feelings for her had changed. He shakily told Bella he needed to go for a run to let out the emotion of getting her back. There was something wrong with Jake; Bella knew it. As soon as Jake was out the door Bella asked Paul to check up on him. Paul had heard everything as he and Emily sat in the kitchen. Paul had similar concerns and quickly followed Jake. Emily pulled Bella into a hug. "It will all be all right. Let's have another hot chocolate while we wait." They sat waiting. There was an undercurrent of worry this time that no amount of sugary snacks could fix. Paul came back at the same time Sam returned. Paul filled them in first. Jake was shaken by the fact he no longer had any romantic feelings for Bella. He saw Bella no differently than Rachel and Rebecca. Bella didn't understand why this was a problem. She had always seen Jacob as a little brother and best friend. Paul had to explain to Bella that Jacob had always hoped for more with her. Sam confirmed that the Elders thought Bella's theory about the blood was valid. Paul suggested that Jacob's reaction may be for the same reason, but in his case the saliva had the same effect. Sam questioned Bella. "How do you feel about Jacob compared with Paul?" Bella took a minute to think honestly about her feeling for the two of them. "I feel no different about Jacob than I did before. If I'm honest I feel closer to Paul than Jacob, but they are both brothers." Sam took a different tack. "How about the rest of us wolves?" "Wow, I never considered." Bella said in shock as she allowed herself to consider his question. "You are family too, but not as close as those two. How do you feel about me?" Sam had not thought about that aspect, so her question came as much of a shock as his had been. It was then it sunk in that it might affect the rest of the pack. His shock colored his voice. "I think of you as pack. Embry should be here soon. We need to find out if we all feel this way." Poor Embry didn't even get through the door when he was asked. "She is one of us," was his confused response. Bella didn't stay in La Push much longer, using exhaustion as her excuse to escape. It had been a long twenty-four hours. So much had changed. She needed time alone to come to terms with it all. Sam wouldn't allow her to drive. Embry volunteered to drive her home and then run back. The trip was quiet. They both had plenty to think about. A/N Sorry, all the mistakes are mine. If you want to give me some help it will be gratefully received! Many Thanks to those that helped me get to this point! :)-J