didn't mean to cause any problems!" Edward laughed "Oh don't worry about it. It'll do spoiled little Tanya some good to come down a peg or two" Bella smiled "Thanks, I appreciate it" "I'm afraid you'd better get used to that attitude round here" he said apologetically "so you'd better figure out how to deal with it without losing your temper if you want to be here for a while" Bella sighed "So much for moving into the 21st century huh? Thanks for the advice; I'll try to keep it bottled!" Edward moved an infinitesimal amount toward her and said softly "We're not all class-ist round here, and I think it'd be a great shame to lose such an incredible…" his gaze slipped down to pause on her long stocking covered legs before raising back to her eyes "maid" he finished. Bella narrowed an eye at him "It's my first day and I still haven't found my way to work yet, I doubt you can call me incredible just yet" Edward laughed again at her sass "Okay, okay" he sighed "come on, I'd better get you there before Carlisle sacks you on your first day!" He placed a hand in the small of her back, sending a small thrill through her at his warm touch, and guided her through the door and down another maze of hallways and doors. Bella sighed, hopelessly disorientated "I'm never going to figure this place out" Edward's thumb grazed the back of her neck in a brief caress "Maybe I'd better appoint myself your personal guide?" he asked Her stomach fluttered a little, annoying her. She'd had her fair share of attention from guys, but not one so far had managed to affect her internal organs the way Edward did. "Perhaps you'd better spend your time making up to your girlfriend" she said smartly. Edward made a gesture of impatience "Tanya's no-one's girlfriend, she's only ever attracted to the richest guy in the room" "So you're the richest guy" cheeked Bella "I was the only guy in there!" laughed Edward. Bella couldn't help herself giving in and liking him a little. He was obviously way too charming and cocky for any girl's peace of mind, but my god he was so hot he could get away with it! They finally reached the kitchens and then the staff room. Bella was a little nervous that she'd be in trouble for being late, but Edward breezed in like he spent a lot of time in the staff quarters and said "Carlisle man, how could you let this poor girl try and find her way round this mausoleum without a map and survival pack?" he joked. Carlisle looked over at Bella apologetically "Oh sorry Bella, I can't believe I forgot to give you directions back down here, I was about to send out a search party" Bella grinned, relieved she wasn't in trouble, "Oh don't worry, if I get lost again, I'll just light a fire and send out smoke signals" The staff in the room at the time laughed and began introducing themselves to Bella, who slowly went cross eyed from trying to differentiate between the scores of maids. "So many of us" she exclaimed finally, utterly lost in the sea of black and white uniforms. Edward laughed shortly "Well that's my parents for you" he scorned "some just use property and material possessions to show off their wealth. My parents use hoards of badly paid staff" "Now Edward, don't get into this again and scare the poor girl off" said Mrs Cooper, the matronly Head Housekeeper. Edward sighed fatalistically "Yeah I know" and shrugged. "Anyway, Bella" he said, turning to her again "It's great to meet you. I'm hope I'll be seeing more of you, and remember, if you ever want a tour guide…?" Bella grinned "Thanks, but I reckon I'd better figure out the layout pretty quick if I'm gonna work here all summer!" "You're only here for summer?" he sounded disappointed. "Yeah, just until I decide what I'm doing come September, but I'm here for some time yet" Edward nudged under her chin with his knuckle "Well I'm sure I'll be seeing you around shorty" he joked and left the rooms before she could respond. Carlisle laughed at her slightly dazed look "He's a charmer isn't he?" he teased. Bella snapped herself to attention "What? Oh! No! I'm just grateful I found him; I thought I was in some twilight universe of halls and doors before I found his! I was beginning to wonder if I were the only person left alive on earth!" Carlisle laughed, knowing full well his new maid was falling under Edward's charming spell, just like all the other young women who came into contact with him. Carlisle wished he had half his charm. "Well, I guess we'd better get you to work!" he said. Her work roster was shortly in order and she was shown by one of the other maids, Alice, to the four guest suites she would be responsible for maintaining. "Is this it?" asked Bella quizzically. "Don't get me wrong, but I honestly thought I'd have a lot more to do here than four empty guest quarters! Do they get used often?" Alice, a petite pixie like girl with short spiky black hair, laughed "Don't knock it" she grinned "Some girls I know have had some awful assignments at other houses! The Masen's really do hire way more staff than are actually needed, simply as a piece of one-upmanship to their stuffed shirt peers! Relax and enjoy your summer is what I say!" Bella laughed "Serious? I just have to clean these four quarters, which are almost never in use, daily? That's my summer job?" Alice nodded "Yup!" Bella punched the air "Yes!" she exclaimed, earning another laugh from Alice. "So what do we do round here for fun Alice?" she asked, linking her arm through the other girls and wandering back to the staff areas.