just get really busy sometimes, and I haven't had a chance to get over to see them. They live in Dell City, about an hour's drive west of here. Momma always cooks up a storm when I go – she sends a ton home with me, too." I couldn't help the smile that curved my mouth upwards. She smiled and wrinkled her nose a little at me. "You are the most adorable thing," she breathed. My heart stopped, and her face flushed. She shook her head. "I mean, I think it's adorable that you… and your mom… oh, god!" she dropped her face into her hands. "I should shut up now." "Actually, I was just thinking that you're pretty adorable, too." She peeked at me through her fingers. "I have no verbal filter. That's not cute, it's humiliating." "It's refreshing to talk to a woman who speaks her mind, instead of wondering what kind of game she's playing this time." Her hands dropped and she frowned at me. "Did Tanya play games?" "That's all she did. I'm starting to think it's all she knows how to do." Bella looked in the direction where Tanya had been sitting, but she was nowhere to be found. "I know I don't know you all that well, but just judging by her looks, she didn't look like your type." "Definitely not." "So you guys weren't serious, then?" I opened my mouth to answer, and she exhaled noisily. "Sorry, I'm being nosy. Please don't feel like you have to answer that." "I don't mind," I said honestly. "You can ask me anything you want to, Bella. I want you to know me." "Thank you." She smiled and drained the rest of her beer. "No, we weren't serious. Not even close. Momma kept asking me when she was going to meet her, but Tanya isn't exactly the kind of woman I wanted to take home to meet her." "Would your mom have liked her?" "Definitely not." Bella giggled. "What about you? Do you have a boyfriend somewhere who's missing you?" she turned red again and stared at the table as she shook her head. "No." "I hope you'll excuse my language, but why the hell not?" Her head jerked up, and she stared at me for a minute. "I think it's mostly because whenever Rose is around…" she shrugged and let her sentence trail off. "Well, you saw her." "And what does she have to do with you not having a boyfriend?" I asked, confused. She stared at me again, her lips parted. "Are you for real?" "Why?" "Rose is gorgeous ," she said emphatically. "Men don't look twice at me when she's around." "Bella, I haven't been able to take my eyes off of you since you walked in that door," I confessed. "You haven't?" she half-whispered. I shook my head. We sat there in silence for several minutes, just studying each other's faces. After what seemed like forever, Bella frowned and broke eye contact to glance around the bar. "Is it just me, or has Rose been gone for a really long time?" She was right, I realized. Her friend had been gone for a while. "Should we go look for her?" "Look for who?" We both turned to see Rosalie approaching our booth from the opposite direction of the ladies' restroom. Bella and I shared a curious look before she rose from the booth and stood by her friend. I rose too, and stood behind Bella – close enough to smell the fruity scent of her hair. "Where have you been?" "I thought you and your cowboy could use some time to get to know each other," Rosalie said, shrugging. Bella narrowed her eyes at her friend for a moment, and then they widened. "You had sex! " I blinked in surprise and my eyes moved to Rosalie, whose face was flushed. "And what if I did?" "But – but you argued with him the whole time we were sitting here!" Bella pointed out incredulously. Rosalie shrugged. "I've slept with lots of men I hated. Doesn't change the fact that they were good in bed – or in this case, in his truck." Bella turned and threw her hands in the air. "Does he do this a lot?" I laughed uncomfortably. "Yeah – Emmett's kind of the loose one of our group – no offense meant," I said, directing this last at Rosalie. She shrugged again and inspected her nails. "Works for me. Can we leave now, Bella? You'll get to see your man-meat tomorrow." I started to laugh, but quickly turned it into a cough when I saw that Bella's hands were clenched into tight fists. Rosalie turned and began walking towards the door. Bella turned and gave me a helpless look. "I'm sorry," she said, shaking her head. I laughed. "You have nothing to apologize for. That's something else you should probably know about me – I'm generally pretty easygoing." "That's good to know," she said, her shoulders relaxing just a bit. "So apparently I have to leave – what time do you want to meet back here tomorrow?" "Four thirty too early?" "No, that's fine. It'll give me plenty of time to shop." "I don't want you buying groceries for a dinner at my house," I said, frowning. She rolled her eyes. "You can pay me back by buying the beer – and maybe a bottle of wine for Rose," she said. "You're not allergic to any food, are you?" "No." "Good. Thanks for having my crazy friends and I over," she said, sounding shy. "I can't wait." "Me neither." "Goodbye, Edward," she said, biting down on her bottom lip. I rubbed the back of my neck nervously and hoped like hell that I wasn't blushing as hard as it felt like I was blushing. "Goodbye, Bella." I watched as she turned and walked away. Watching the distance grow between our bodies was the hardest thing I had ever done.