years ago. It was a real dump back then, and the owner was selling it for a very cheap price. I was lucky I saw the ad and got to it first. Then, for a few months, I refurbished the place." " You fixed it all by yourself? " From the tone of her voice and the look on her face, I can tell she's impressed. I'm glad, because I think my shop is remarkable, and what she thinks is going to be very important to me, I can tell. My chest puffs out as I gloat a little. Well, maybe a lot . "Yes, ma'am. I—" Before I can finish my sentence, though, the power suddenly goes out. Bella screams and jumps, holding on to the nearest thing to her, which happens to be me. I quickly wrap my arms around her waist to keep her from falling, but what she does next blows my mind. She kisses me—hard. Without thinking, I kiss her back with equal fervor. Her lips feel so soft against mine. I pull her flush to me and kiss her passionately. Tilting my head to the side, I deepen the kiss as my hands travel up and down her back. I feel Red's hands moving over my biceps and shoulders, leaving a hot trail behind it. One of her hands then caresses my cheek while the other tugs at my hair, making me go wild with lust. I growl against her lips and take the bottom one gently between my teeth and tug on it. The soft sigh that comes out of her mouth is almost my undoing. I lick her lower lip in response, and then capture both in my mouth. Abruptly, the light comes back on. We pull apart reluctantly, only to stand there with swollen lips, panting as we try to catch our breath. For what seems like hours, we grin at each other until I have the brilliant idea to be a gentleman and ask if she'd like a lift home. I clear my throat, then shake my head to clear it. I try to remove the smitten look I know is on my face, but fail miserably before saying, "Bella, would you mind if I drive you home? If you don't feel completely comfortable with the idea, I can call you a cab." "Edward, we just made out. So I think at this point I feel completely comfortable with you," she teases. Duh , Masen! "But," Bella continues, "would you mind stopping at the grocery store down the street? I have to buy Alice's fancy chocolate. It's the reason I was out in this godforsaken weather in the first place." I smile at her spitfire attitude. "Not at all, sweetheart. Here," I say, handing her my keys. "Take these and go to my car while I close the shop. It's the black Audi in the back." I walk to the passenger side of her truck, open her door, and grab her purse. With a smile, I say, "And don't forget your purse." "Thanks." After making sure the doors are locked and everything is put away, I remove my uniform and throw it in the hamper. I look at my reflection, noticing that the man staring back at me has the goofiest smile on his face. His green eyes have a new sparkle that I've never seen before, too. I try to tame my hair, but give up on that a few seconds later. Grabbing my leather jacket, I walk to my car. Bella smiles when she sees me approaching. I get inside and she hands me my keys. Turning on the engine, we drive out of the shop toward the grocery store. I wait for her in the car at her request since she doesn't want to me to get out in the rain. So adorable. A few minutes later, she runs out of the store and jumps into the passenger seat. "Damn that Alice and her chocolate," she mumbles under her breath. I grin, but choose not to comment. "Where to now, Bella?" She gives me her address, which surprisingly, is two blocks down from mine. After twenty minutes of driving, we reach her place. I park in front of her apartment building and check the time to see that it's 11:30 p.m. Good, there's still time for both of us to enjoy the rest of New Year's Eve. "As unconventional as our first meeting was, I'm happy I met you, Edward," says Bella. She couldn't know this, but she just said exactly what was on my mind. I just open my arms in response and—thank God almighty—she leans in for the hug. I lay my head on her shoulder and squeeze her tightly to me, trying to say everything I was feeling in that single hug. After a few seconds of hugging, we lean away. "Here, give me your phone," she says, smiling stunningly, as she plucks it from my pocket. "My friends and I are having a girl's night, no boys allowed, or I would invite you in. But, I want you to have my number"—she winks—"just in case." Before I can reply, she quickly places a kiss on my cheek while returning my phone to its place. "Happy New Year, Mechanic Man," Bella whispers. Her kiss leaves me stunned and speechless as I watch her climb out of the car and run to her apartment. After making sure she's inside, I face forward in my seat and stay there for a while. "What a woman." Taking my phone out of my pocket I type a quick text to her: You'll most definitely hear from me again, sweetheart. Then, I drive home. I would like to thank everyone who voted and reviewed my story. Seeing as this is my first time participating in a writing contest, it means a lot that readers loved it. I do plan to continue this story, so stay tuned for future chapters!