Emmett tapped his sticks together before they launched into their first song. I wanna live, I wanna live I wanna open up and breathe I wanna go, I wanna be I wanna feel it constantly Edward's eyes moved over the room as he sang, surveying the crowd. There were about the same amount of people here that came to every show, and he thought maybe he could even recognize some of the faces, though he'd never spoken to any of them. They did have some die-hard fans that came to every single show they did, no matter where they played. Gotta show, gotta stay I've got a feeling that won't go away I've gotta know if they got away My opportunities They were mostly students from the local university, which was fine by Edward. He'd been approached a few times by fans who'd recognized him as he went from class to class. It always made him feel good to be recognized, even a little bit, because it meant that someone was paying attention to his music. He poured too much of himself into their songs for them to go completely unnoticed. Just one Chance is all I ever wanted Just one Time I'd like to win the game From now on I'll take the chance if I can have it Just one Just one His stomach finally settled, and he relaxed into the song. It was always nerve-wracking to get on stage, but once he'd been on it for a few minutes, he was okay. Performing was the one thing that came naturally to him. The band played, and he sang, and before he knew it, they were halfway through the last song on the set list. That was when he saw her. He'd been looking around the room, and he'd found Alice near the middle, in front of the stage. Right next to her was a tall, gorgeous blonde, and next to her was… her . She was shorter than the blonde but taller than Alice, and she had dark hair that fell in long waves around her face. The lighting was dim enough that he couldn't make out the color of her hair – it had to be either brown or black, but either way, he didn't care. Her eyes were dark, too. But Jesus, fuck – it was her mouth that did it. She had perfect cupid's bow lips, and her smile… god in heaven . She was smiling at her blonde friend, until Alice nudged her and motioned in the direction of the stage. When her eyes locked onto his, he stuttered. He glanced around, checking to see if anyone had noticed. When it appeared that no one had, his eyes found hers again, and he felt his knees go a little weak. She was biting down on that plump bottom lip. His eyes briefly scanned her outfit – a pair of snug, low-waisted jeans, a Pixies t-shirt that fit her like a second skin – and then his eyes were back on hers. The heat that flared in his stomach was new. The song ended, but before the guys could put the instruments away, he spoke. "And this next song is our last song of the night – it's a new one, and you're all going to be the first to hear it. We weren't going to play it, but I feel… inspired," he said, his eyes locked on the girl. Alice squealed and clapped, but the girl stood transfixed, her eyes on him. He turned and nodded at the guys. Emmett's face lit up, and Jasper raised a questioning eyebrow, but said nothing. Jake rolled his eyes, and then they launched into the song that Edward hadn't wanted to perform. He sang it straight to her. His voice was low and smooth, and he hoped that his words affected her the way that just looking at her was affecting him. It seems so obvious There's something up with us I swear I feel it from across the room So can I ask you this? Not to be forward, miss, But I think I'll kill myself If I never know… What do I have to do To get inside of you? To get inside of you? ' Cause I love the way you move When I'm inside of you When I'm inside of you Just ask and I will do Anything you want me to There is no limit to how far I will go And I'm sure I can pretend To be a gentleman But before I begin, I just gotta know I just gotta know What do I have to do To get inside of you? To get inside of you? ' Cause I love the way you move When I'm inside of you When I'm inside of you For now, I'll play the game And I'm waiting for your move But I've got to say That I never lose What do I have to do To get inside of you? To get inside of you? What do I have to do To get inside of you? To get inside of you? ' Cause I love the way you move When I'm inside of you When I'm inside of you When I'm inside of you You You You When I'm inside of you Edward stepped back and forced his eyes away from the girl long enough to flash a smile at the rest of the crowd. He waved and took a bow, and then waved one last time before allowing his eyes to search her out again. Fuck. She was gone. Yes, I am still working on other fics besides this one. I promise! I even started a new chapter for the Café today. Link to Edward's tattoo: pm me if you want to see it, since the site won't post my link! And since I'm totally unoriginal, all the songs in this chapter are by Hoobastank. "Just One" and "Inside of You."