love, a fierce determination, and a hint of fear in her eyes. "I'll be as gentle as I can," I assured her. Bella nodded and positioned herself closer to me. I kissed her forehead and moved my hips further into hers until I felt her moist heat on me. I slid very slightly into her, testing the barrier. Bella squeezed me in her embrace. In one steady motion I thrust my hips forth and felt the heat absorb me completely. It was an indescribable feeling, being one with Bella. We fit like pieces of a puzzle, and we belonged together. Bella let out a whimper and I opened my eyes to find her face was distorted in a grimace of pain. I panicked instantly. "Bella, are you okay?" My hands rushed to her face, analysing her, studying her. "I'm okay," she finally said. I was sure she was not telling the whole truth. I didn't want to cause her pain, so I pulled my hips away from hers, leaving the warm place that felt like home to me, and, as much as my body ached to go back, I did not give in to it. "Are you sure you're not hurt?" "Edward, I'm fine" she said, lifting her hand to my face and stroking it. "It was bound to be a bit unpleasant on the first go, you just need to carry on." I hoped she was telling the truth. There was nothing I wanted more than to feel it all again. Slowly, I repositioned myself at her entrance again and let myself be swallowed by the heat and moisture. It felt amazing. Bella sighed and moved her legs slightly to the sides. I slid out and back in. This was better than I could ever have imagined. I crushed my lips to Bella's and let myself be rid of all barriers. I caressed her body with my free hand, tightening my grip on her. I grasped her arms, her waist, her face, her legs... I was in a feverish trance, moving my body against hers, trying as hard as I could to control the speed of my thrusts. "Oh, Bella," I let out, in a husky voice. "I love you." "I love you, too." Bella's voice came out half as a whisper, like she was out of breath. I kept moving, grabbing Bella, kissing her. Kissing her lips, her neck, her face, her hair. Something inside of me started building up, instigating me to speed up. I did, increasing my pace steadily, but being careful not to go over the speed of a normal human. At this point, Bella was letting out quiet moans and whimpers, squirming under me, moving in rhythm with my thrusts. She was getting hotter and I could see a thin layer of sweat building on her skin. She had her eyes shut, her mouth slightly open, and an expression of pleasure on her face. Without warning, my feelings intensified and I lost my control. Trying to channel my excesses, I grabbed the nearest thing I could, one of Esme's pillows, and I bit into it, ripping it to shreds. The feathers inside it spread all over the bed and Bella's body, face and hair. There she was, looking truly like an angel. Bella's moans got louder, and I felt her quiver under my body, tensing her stomach and digging her nails into my back. She screamed my name as she held herself closer to me, squeezing me in her arms. Hearing her shouting my name like that was more than I could bear. It got too much for me, and I grabbed and bit another pillow, as I, myself, came to an ecstasy of pleasure. It felt like a wave had come, crashed, and then slowly gone away, leaving only a feeling of complete bliss. We stayed like that for a while, neither of us wanting to move. I was ecstatic. It had all gone well after all, much better than I could have expected it. It had felt amazing, we had both enjoyed it, and now she was truly my Bella, as I was hers to keep. I didn't care about heaven or hell any more. This was as good as it could ever get, I was certain. I kissed her lips once again, stroking her cheek. I moved up and then to her side. I stretched out on the bed and put my arm around Bella, who immediately rolled on to her side and rested her head on my shoulder. "Thank you," she said. I chuckled. She was thanking me? I should be thanking her. But I decided I would not spoil this moment, and I just kissed her forehead and hummed her lullaby until she fell asleep. Unlike most of the other nights I had looked over Bella sleeping, she hardly moved this night, and she didn't talk in her sleep. She slept peacefully and had a smile on her face. The hours went by and the sun started rising. The light crept up into the bedroom through the French doors, bathing Bella in golden light. Which brought something to my attention. I was sure she had no marks on her skin last night. And now, large blue and purple blotches were blossoming on her skin. Carefully, trying not to wake her up, I matched my fingers to the marks on her arms and ribs. I couldn't believe it, I had hurt her! And she hadn't told me to stop. Bella had let me get away with enough, this was too much. I was a monster for agreeing to this and I was certainly not going to make love to her until she was changed. It was too dangerous, and I couldn't bear the thought of ever losing her. An overwhelming feeling of self-hatred washed through me. I was furious at myself for this. All that was left to do now was wait for Bella to wake up, and apologize profusely.