lips. It felt so strange. So different.. The finger that probed my body left me with an interesting sensation, tingling me down low. Of their own volition my hips jerked against her hand and after a few more strokes Bella added a second finger. Again I stiffened as I got used to the foreign feeling. It was uncomfortable and tight but the things she did with those digits created more strange feelings inside me and I felt myself getting wetter and relaxed. Soon Bella's fingers slid in and out of me with ease, my hips matched every little move her hand made and I couldn't contain small moans from leaving my lips. After a while I couldn't help closing my eyes, concentrating on the amazing feelings growing inside me. Sure I was tense, but it was good tension, exciting… My breaths became shallower and shallower as I felt myself striving forward trying to reach some unknown place. Suddenly she stopped and her fingers were gone. I whimpered loudly to make my displeasure known. I opened my eyes just in time to see her settle on top of me and position her member on my entrance. I swallowed hard, I knew this part was coming. The painful part. She paused looking deeply into my eyes, like she was searching for something. Permission maybe? I guess whatever it was she found it, because in the next instant she pushed inside me. I gasped. It hurt! She is too big. "No!" I struggled trying to get away, but I was pinned between her arms. She pulled out and pushed inside me again, this time until she was fully sheathed inside me. I felt a couple of tears trickle from my eyes and she immediately bent to kiss them away. "It will be fine, the first time is difficult." she whispered softly and kept spreading butterfly kisses all over my face. "You are so slight compared to me, but in a moment it will be better. Tell me when the pain stops." Some part of my brain noted that despite her comforting words Bella was trembling, as she held herself still inside me, but I was too consumed with myself to wonder why. After a couple of deep breaths the burning was gone and I gave a small nod. "I'm okay now." She gave me one sweet kiss on the lips before she started to move again. Slowly she began moving inside me and the pleasurable sensations returned, hitting me like a wave. With every thrust of Bella's hips another wave washed over me, in fact with every little move she made the pleasure grew inside me like a bubble expanding. I felt my walls clench around her shaft as if they were trying to trap it and keep it inside me forever. My breathing became shallow again. I needed more… more of something, what exactly I didn't know. All I good do was dig my fingers into Bella's back. Somehow she understood what I was asking, she thrust into me, faster, harder and deeper. I tried to match keep up and match her speed, my muscles straining to keep up with her. In the back of my mind I noted that I was moaning like a bitch in heat, but I couldn't stop. Her fingers dug into my hips assisting me into smashing them to hers with more force, while I spread my legs as far as they'd go to give her even better access. She drove into me harder if possible and every time she filled me to the brim it was inexplicable pleasure times a thousand. It was with that last thrust that the bubble, that has been building inside me all this time, burst. I lost control, my body quivered, my toes curled and I found my way to paradise. Vaguely I was aware that Bella was done grunting in pleasure and had collapsed on top of me, struggling to control her breathing. After a moment she pulled out of me and rolled over to her side of the bed. As the pleasure began to fade, my rational mind seemed to take over again. I can't believe I just did that! It was so mind-boggling how much I've enjoyed it too. Then it dawned to me, it wasn't Jasper the one who brought me to my first orgasm. It was Bella, a virtual stranger. I felt shame wash over me. How could I enjoyed being with Bella, when only a few hours ago I was agonized over the fact that Jasper and I would never be together. It all seemed so wrong, but there was no going back now. I was mated to her for the rest of my life. Like that my thoughts brought me full circle and now I was pressed against her chest, her arm around my waist. I felt trapped both by her limb and by the fact that my life was now bound to hers. A million thoughts crossed my mind at once. What would it be like to spend the rest of my life with her? Share her bed? Have children? Grow old together? Did she like running in the woods? If she did, would she spend any time with me? Or would she be too busy with her Alpha duties, like my father. What would my new pack be like? My position as mate of the Alpha would guarantee me respect. But would anyone like me? Or was I cursed to spend the rest of my life in loneliness? It was hard enough that I had to move and leave my friends and family behind. Fears and doubts tumbled thought my mind and I fell into a restless sleep. This is it. Should I continue? To all of you who have patiently waited an update on my other story, its coming! Unexpected is my first baby. This one will be more of a side project if you guys like it. Thanks for reading!