with my comands to stop the torture... "I have to change you bella! Your going to die!" She said to me. No! No! I cant be changed! ' Live bella... promise you will live...' I will live jake... I will live for you... and i felt the sharp pain in my neck... then the fire started to blaze hotter through my body... heard myself screaming before my eyes shut... my screaming continued as the flames burned hotter, slowly and torturing through my limbs. I will live for you jake. I will live. {VPOV} I watched her for hours, placing cold rags on her head to try and help with the raging fire i knew all to well. I hoped she would forgive me for my split second decision but she wouldnt make it past the night if i hadnt. when her body went into the seizure, her heart was skipping beats left and right. It had no pattern to it... just beating in a frantic way... she was having a heat stroke. As long as she had been out in the heat, its a wonder why she didnt have one sooner. I hoped she didnt wake up with any brain damage that the venom couldnt fix... I hoped. I seached her pockets and pulled out a phone and tried to turn it on. It was dead. Looking at the charger port i plugged it into my charger and turned it on... her contacts were almost slim to none. I knew her wolf was dead, and her dad had not called her so im guessing that he was gone to... giving up, I dialed 411 and waited for someone to pick up. "Yes, I need a number for a peter whitlock please." I said and listened as she directed my call and heard a country song ring back to me. "Yello?" Peter said on the other end of the phone. "Is this Peter Whitlock?" I asked him. "Yes, who the hell is this?" He asked dropping the pleasantries. "My name is Victoria... I need your help." I asked him. "I dont know you Victoria, so why would i help you?" He asked smugly. "Listen Dick, I have a transitioning newborn on my damn couch right now, and she has lost a good deal. Im lookin for a cullen. I know you know him. I heard you talking about them last week when i saw you and your mate in the woods. now can you help me or not?" I told him a little irritated. "I dont like the cullens, what makes you think i would be aquainted with one of them veggie vamps?" He told me. "Because i know. So please help me find casper." I told him. The sound of his laugh roared into the phone. "Are you sure your not looking for the friendly ghost?!" His booming laughter had me fuming. "Look..." I got ready to yell a streak of curse words through the phone when he cut me off. "Hold on now, look. I got a laugh out of the name because its wrong. u have to be lookin for jasper. But Ma'am I dont know were he is. Hes not one of the cullens. he left then 2 years ago and has been travelin since. I only see him when he decides to come on home for a quick shower. I can give you his number, the rest is up to you." He gave me the number and we hung up. Dialing Jaspers number, My finger hovered over the call button. Something in me told me this was a bad idea, but i didnt know Bella very well and i wanted her to wake up around someone she knew, just in case she got crazy... and its a plus to have someone to help with a newborn. I sent the call. "Yes." He aswered with a husky voice... "Jasper, This is Victoria... James coven girl. I need you to come over to my house in Texas, and within 2 days if possible." I told him. "Why... wanna get back at me for killing your little boy pussy?" He chuckled darkly. I shivered at how deadly his voice sounded. "Edward killed him. So no, I have..." He chuckled darkly again... "No ma'am. Im the one who killed him and i enjoyed every piece i ripped off of his disgusting ass." I laughed slightly. "Good, he deserved it, and your the one i owe the thanks to. Now, listen closely. I have Bella here with me. I dont know what happened or who did it. Aparently she was attacked and the wolves were in a battle with several vampires. thanks to one of the wolves, she was able to get away safely, but she walked for God knows how long in the Texas heat. By the time I found her, she was so dehydrated, and sun burnt, it looks like she walked right into a pyre." I told him. "Is she alright?" I heard him say, concern laced in his voice. "Yes, now. But she had a seizure... heat stroke i think... I had to change her... her heart would have gave out under the strain to stay busy... she is under the change now... I think you need to be here when she wakes up..." I heard a rush of air, then a feint voice. "Ill be there in two days." The line went dead. I sucked in an unnessesary breath of air... Moving back to sit by her side, I picked up her left hand and stared at her ring. Such a beautiful ring... My heart ached for this girl in front of me... she had been through hell and more, and she is still surviving. How? (A/N: Woohoo! we are bringing new fresh stories your way! we will continue to work on the others as well! but when we have ideas pop up, we go with them! hope yall enjoy this new story! please review!) -SouthernGals