hazardous footpath and steps, just to retrieve her. Three seconds over seven o'clock is when he arrives, and to Bella's surprise, driving himself. She hops in the passenger side and they exchange their greetings. "So what exactly is this fundraiser?" "There are a lot of people in Forks that like to help wherever they can, but they don't like the pomp and grandeur of a ball or gala, so they just organise a get-together, chat, have some drinks and whatnot, just without the ceremony." "Oh, that's actually a really good idea; I myself hate dressing up, dancing… it's not a good idea for me. What about you, do you hate the balls?" His eyes remain on the road as he speaks, relieving Bella, she has had many brushes with death already, if he were to drive dangerously, she would just demand to be let out and she'd walk home. "I really like the balls, they remind me of my younger years, but mostly they remind me of my mother. My father was usually busy, so she would ask me to escort her to the local balls and we'd dance all night." "That's nice… how long ago was that?" The main reason she asks is because local balls haven't been that popular an occurrence for quite some time now. She of course can't pinpoint an exact year, but he'd have to be older than she first presumed, which was about seventy. "Too long. Anyway, the past is done, there is no use dwelling on what was. So tell me Bella, what are your plans for the future? Or are you just living, one day at a time." She falls into the new topic easily and explains her passion for writing and how she hopes to be able to just write for a living. She asks him what he had done his life, and he explained that he had served a few months in world war one, served in world war two, then settled into Forks shortly thereafter where he played the piano at the local club for many years, and taught many local youths to play before retiring to be a socialite. The fundraiser itself was held at the local memorial hall where no decorations were put up, just a few tables and chairs set about at random, and a juke box shuffling through songs at random. "Now this is my kind of fundraiser," Bella declares firmly. "Yes, it is much more comfortable to be here than a more grand affair." Edward concedes. He escorts her over to an empty table, not wanting to make her uncomfortable by placing her at a table full of strangers. "So are they raising money for a particular wing, or just the hospital in general?" "It's for the children's ward. Unfortunately, not everyone that comes in has adequate insurance, or any at all, so this money will stay in a separate account to pay for any child's bills that can't otherwise be paid for, or procedures that require payment first." "Oh! That is actually a really good idea." "Thank you. I started this fundraiser thirteen years ago when a child suffering leukaemia couldn't have any further treatment because his insurer found a loop hole in the family's coverage. I paid for the medical expenses, but his case I stumbled upon accidentally, and it couldn't have been the first time it has happened, so, that is how this all came about." She stares on in wonder. "You truly are remarkable, what a wonderful thing to do." He shrugs off the compliment. "So, have you had a chance to check out the reservation yet? It is quite lovely there." "Yes," she beams. "I went to La Push with some friends, it was really nice." He nods along, agreeing. "And have you been to Port Angeles yet? It is bigger than Forks, so there is a bit more variety there." "No, but I am hoping to get there soon, there aren't any good book stores in Forks… or any for that matter." "Well, if you ever need a library to raid, I have many books you are more than welcome to borrow." The rest of the night continued in a similar fashion, continuos light banter about themselves, their families, but mostly about trivial topics. The fundraiser finished at an earlier hour that Bella expected; ten-thirty, but the people that attended were much like her; no-nonsense, do what needs to be done types. The ride home, was bitter-sweet for Bella. While she adores Edward, and her feelings toward him can't be explained, she doesn't like the torn feelings she gets around him. She likes to know herself, and around him, she feels as though a part of herself belongs to him. Edward pulls the car over at the front of her house, and wastes no time. "I've really enjoyed your company tonight Bella, may I see you again." She had suspected he would ask as much. Heck, she was almost going to ask him, herself. "I'd really love to," a smile settles on his lips, briefly . "But, I'm not sure if this is a good idea. I have feelings for you. Feelings I have never felt for anyone, but… they also feel wrong. I'm not sure if what we will have, will be healthy for either of us. Maybe in a different time… or under different circumstances, but I lose too much of myself when I am around you." She kisses him briefly on the cheek. "I'm sorry we can't be more." Her heart splinters as she walks the path to her house, but can't find it in herself to regret the decision. A/N: NOW, I KNOW THIS ISN'T MY USUAL TYPE STUFF, BUT I HOPE YOU ALL ENJOYED IT ANYWAY. YOU MAY HAVE NOTICED THE DIFFERENCE IN AGE TO WHAT EDWARD SHOULD ACTUALLY BE, BUT 114 YEARS OLD IS A BIT OF A STRETCH, SO I PRE-DATED THE STORIES TO WHEN TWILIGHT WAS FIRST PUBLISHED IN 2005.