rubble. We've decided to move across the country, where the money is abundant…" I asked him about Tanya. "Oh! She's staying with her older sister in…" Italy? I ended my conversation with Eleazar telling me he'd pay for my flights and cab fare. Another night on an airplane. Another night of restless sleep, listening to people talk and talk. It was all very tiring. Nothing like my comfortable solitude. I stood on what had previously been Denali property, not knowing whether to call Eleazar back and curse his open-legged daughter for putting me in this station, or collapse onto the lot and sob until I had nothing left to give. I did neither. Instead, I got back into the car, gave the chauffer an address that I had thought was long forgotten from my memory. Perhaps she knew that this day would come, when I needed her, which, of course, made me scowl. My fists were in a constant state of firmness, ready to bash something to bits. I was mad. No, I wasn't mad. Enraged was a more fitting term. The reunion wasn't pleasant. In her terms, it was probably a blessed surprise that I had arrived at her gates, closed fists in my pockets, head down in defeat. She hugged me, crying and wetting the expensive material of my leather jacket. Not that it already wasn't wet. Why Renee chose to reside in Forks was a mystery to me. There were places much better. Much warmer, drier. Sunnier. Since my arrival a few hours ago, the small town had been under a constant blankets of clouds. Normally, the sun would be easily spotted. A bright orb that'd make the dark sky dull. It was different in Forks. The brightness was a boring, even tone. Nothing wince at, but nothing to open your windows to either. "Edward, oh Edward." Renee sobbed as she clinged to me. My shoulders remained stiff. Unkind. She knew this part of me, though. It was no secret that I was as cold as her damp driveway. The only reason she was grinning through her tears and not frowning was that my green eyes were wet with defeat. She pulled away from me, wiping her lashes before ushering me past the gates and into the manor. Renee beamed at me. "You'll love it here, Edward, I know you will." I had yet to say something to her. My attention was focused at dusty window sills, flickering bulbs in a chandelier, wilting flowers that stood dying in a vase. As rich as she was, I was surprised that she hadn't made the place look much more lively like herself. It was morbid. But, then again, so was I. "There's a guest room that just so happens to be right next to Bells' room," she chattered on. Bells? Was she referring to the instrument…? "Oh, and our servants are a bit busy today, so if you need anything, she'll be there to wait on you." My brows pursed together. So Bells was a human and not some metallic instrument. Was she a live-in maid? My thoughts were interrupted when Renee cupped her hands around her rouged lips and shouted at the large staircase. " Bells! Come down here! We have company!" My ears picked up on the pausing of music I didn't even know was playing. Footsteps started towards the stairs, dragging but weightless. A few times I swore I heard the person stumble. Renee commented on Bells being so clumsy. I nodded, not knowing how else to respond. However, there wouldn't have been anyway too, for a few seconds after Renee had muttered her passive insult, I watched with rapt attention as the notorious Bells came sauntering down the carpeted steps. Her shoulders were bare, covered in goosebumps, but it was obvious that she had grown accustomed to the uncomfortable weather. The way the light shined off of her collarbones, her heart-shaped face was nearly blinding to my pupils. Her chest was hidden from my perversion by floral patterns that reached down to the tops of her wobbly knees. The perfect shape of her brows pressed against one another, confusion imminent on her face. Chocolate brown eyes were briefly shielded by quick blinks, as if she had been taken aback by the unfamiliarity of my presence. It registered that this was to be her first impression of me. What she'd think before she lay her head to rest, scribbled down in her diary, or chatted amongst her gal friends. So, for the first time in seventeen years - since my childish faith had been sucked dry - I attempted to mimic my dead father's stance. My back straightened, shoulders broadened, and I made sure that my face wasn't to serious, mocking the faint smile my father had flashed at his funeral service. Bells blinked at me once more, then turned to face her mother. "Who's he?" The response sounded a bit rough, like the speech of her teenaged peers, but I did not mind. Her voice was as her name had suggested - a bell. Renee huffed. " He, is Edward, and he'll be staying with us." Bells looked between her mother and I, shrugged stiffly, then clumsily made her way past us. Renee muttered something about the girl before continuing our tour of the house despite my heightened lack of interest. I couldn't stop Bells face from repeating itself in my thoughts, incinerating everything else like the ashes of the Denali manor. My heart was beating rapidly, quicker than a prized race horse. Hands aching to touch the light that bounced off of her- "I hope you don't mind Isabella. She can be such an unpleasant soul sometimes." She paused, then glanced through the window to where you could see the tops of large pine trees. "Isn't the view lovely?" I thought of Isabella again. "Yes," I agreed quickly. "Lovely indeed!" AN: Please leave a review, tell me what you think of the first chapter!