is Jasper Andrew Whitlock. It will be back to Jasper John Hale faster than you will believe." Peter said. "Fuck Peter I really hate you do you know that?" Jasper said. "Yeah Major I know that you hate me and you love Char but you do know that it's no more animals for a while don't you?" Peter said seriously into the phone. "Peter, how am I supposed to stick to the human diet with a human travelling with me?" Jasper said looking at me. "You won't have to worry about that for much longer, Major. Now Bella, when you get pulled up by the guy that is going to kidnap you scream as loud as you can and try and draw attention okay?" Peter said into the phone. "Okay Peter." I said looking at Jasper who just nodded that I should answer. "See you when you get here, Major. Bella don't worry about Jasper with red eyes because you will be safest with him then with anyone else in the world." Peter said just before he hung up the phone. "Huh what did he mean by that Jasper?" I asked Jasper. "Just trust him Bella." Jasper said looking around. "Now where is Randall?" Ten seconds later there was a guy waving a gun at us trying to stop us. "Don't forget to scream Isabella." Jasper said pulling over. I screamed bloody murder because I could feel again as soon as we stopped. Jasper gave me back my emotions just for that second. "Okay Major please make her stop before she makes my eardrums burst." Randall said. "In a minute Randall we need a bit more attention to make this believable." Jasper said driving off again. Just as quick as I got my emotions they were gone again. "I hate you Jasper." I said pouting out the window. "I know you do Isabella but you will get use to me. Now give me the phone so that I can move my shit around and get rid of this one." Jasper said holding his hand out to Randall. After a few minutes of fiddling around on the phone, he threw his old one out the window. I started to look around for mine when Jasper pulled it out of his coat and threw it out the window as well. "I really hate you now Jasper." I said throwing him daggers with my eyes. "Isabella, be quiet unless you want to go back and live with them where you will be unable to do anything for yourself for the rest of your life and un-life." Jasper said. "What do you mean by that Jasper?" I asked. "I mean the way that you are now has nothing to do with you but subliminal messages that Edward and Alice have been giving you even after we left they were still doing it. Did you ever question why you went all zombie-like after we left it is because they made you do that. Everything you have done since moving to Forks is what they wanted you to do." Jasper said looking right at me. "In fact, they have been doing it your whole life up until just this last week." "Do you mean to tell me that my ex-boyfriend and your wife have been controlling me my whole life?" I said. "My ex-wife. She hasn't been married to me for nearly nineteen years." Jasper said looking at the road and talking at the same time. "Not long before you were born she had a vision that if she and Edward could control someone from a young age then you would be perfect for him. Everything from you not loving getting presents to why your mother took you from Forks was planned from before you were born. Renee and Charlie were only together because of Alice and Edward but they had to disguise themselves so that they could come into your life at the right time. Why do you think you moved back to Forks in the first place when we were there and you were the right age for Edward? I will tell you it happened because they planned your whole life out what they had not planned on was James' little coven turning up that was my doing but it was only to scare Edward and Alice in revelling the truth to everybody. It all went wrong on your birthday, which I will always be sorry for even if it was all Edward's fault. See they had been catching on that I had found out about them controlling you even if you did not know it. Edward had caught in my mind one day that I was going to tell you on your birthday so they actually had the guts to blame everything on me when they planned the whole thing they had many plans if you did not cut yourself that night. I found everything out and would have exposed them for the manipulators they were if they just stopped messing with you. As you know that didn't go well." "So what is me and what is them?" I started mumbling. "How the hell am I going to figure out what I want to do know then if my whole life has been planned? How long had they planned ahead?" "Isabella, they have everything planned down to exactly what time you will be bitten and by whom." Jasper said. "You have got to be kidding." I said. "Wish that I was Isabella. It was going to Emmett that bit you to end your life when you cut your arm if we were to go back to the house right now." Jasper said looking me in the eye. I just sat there dumbfounded. "I know Isabella; I didn't believe it either, until just before we left and Emmett really needs to feed but Alice is going to make him wait till they got home to feed." Jasper said just before his new phone rang.