on my elbow and led Edward and me to the table with the cake and shiny packages. Edward wore his emo-martyr face. "Alice, I know I told you I didn't want anything—" "But I didn't listen, and Miri didn't either!" She interrupted smugly. "Open them!" She handed him a box and took an old Polaroid camera quickly snapped a picture of him. "By the way we're making a scrapbook." The tag on the box said it was from Emmett, Rosalie, and Jasper. I watched as Edward carefully removed the wrapping paper from the box, being extra special careful not to rip it. Jesus, he was a fucking-save-the-wrapping-paper-guy. "You're supposed to tear through the paper, Edward." Esme laughed. "I'm saving it for the scrapbook!" Edward said indignantly. After what felt like hour but was probably like fourteen seconds, he got the paper off the box entirely. It was definitely something electrical, with lots of numbers in the name. I watched him open the box, looking for the illumination. But the box was empty. "You guys know I have a radio in my car, right?" Rosalie cracked a smile, Jasper laughed. "It's a stereo for her truck." She explained. "Emmett's installing it right out." "What?" I frowned, "You got him a stereo for my car? It's his birthday." "He's being super bitchy about your lack of a decent music system in your truck. We couldn't take it anymore. And since you won't trade up, we've taken it into our own hands." Edward laughed. "Thanks? For getting Edward a birthday present for me, I think?" "You're welcome." Emmett called from outside. I heard his booming laugh from my truck, and I couldn't help but laugh too. "Open mine, Carlisle, and Esme's next!" Alice said, so excited that some dogs started barking; not really. But she was really fucking loud. Edward turned to give me quizzical look, then took his present. Emmett bounded through the door. "Just in time!" He crowed. He pushed in behind Jasper, who had also had drifted closer than usual to get a good look. He opened this present carefully. And his face opened in surprise. "A gift card to the music store!" He said exuberantly. Alice smiled brightly, "I knew you'd like it!" "Next is my present." I said. Alice handed Edward the birthday clown wrapped present. "Nice paper." Emmett laughed. "Thanks man, I got it from your mom." "That's cold, Miri." Edward opened my present, careful of the wrapping paper. "You made me a mixtape?" He asked incredulously, holding the CD case for everyone to see. " High Enough – Damn Yankees , I Want to Hold Your Hand – Beatles , I Want You to Want Me – Cheap Trick , Dream a Little Dream of Me – Cass Elliot , At Last – Etta James , Have I Told you Lately – Avalon Sunset , Have I Told You Lately – Rod Stewart , Straight Up – Paula Abdul ." He read, "Miri, you know I don't like Paula Abdul, she's not a strong singer." "You love her, you listen her music all the time." I corrected. His special ringtone on my phone was Straight Up . "She doesn't even dance with the animated cat in the official video, you've been watching the wrong one the entire time." He reminded me. "I have no idea what you're talking about." "It's so sweet of you to make him a mixtape!" Alice cooed. "I know, I'm adorable." … We sat down at the table as we got ready for cake and coffee. Coincidently I was sitting across from Alice and Jasper right next to Edward and the cake. Carlisle cut the cake in small, even slices. "I didn't know you were a fan of pink roses." I remarked to Edward as Carlisle deposited cake on everyone's plate. "When I was first turned Carlisle had a small house with a lot of pink roses in it, it was the first nice thing I saw when I woke up as a vampire." Carlisle placed cake on Edward's and my plates. Then set the cake cutter down, and took his own seat. "Let's all raise a glass. To Edward." Carlisle held up his mug, and the rest of us followed in suit. I set my arm down and jerked it up again. "Ow fuck." There was a nice cut from radius to my ulna. Blood dribbled out from the cut, and before I knew it Alice had jumped over the table bringing plates, mugs, cutlery, and tablecloth with her as she crashed into my sending both of us on the ground, with her on top of me. "Don't move," Alice whispered. I listened as Jasper slammed into Edward, it sounded like crashing boulders in a rock slide. There was another noise, a grisly snarling that seemed to be coming from deep in Jasper's chest. Jasper shoved past Edward, snapping his teeth. I heard Emmett grab Jasper from behind in the next second, locking him into his massive steel grip, but I heard Jasper struggle. I turned my head to look at Jasper as he struggled, his wild, empty eyes focused on me. Though I was covered in coffee, cake, and shards of ceramic I could feel the eyes of six blood thirsty vampires on me. … So I'm late. No ragrets. I'm actually working a lot more hours and taking more shifts bc why tf not. I went on vacation last week and saw a meteor shower which was cool but would have been cooler if I hadn't been stuck in a four and half stand still bc a logging truck flipped over, and it was a two lane road. And no one died so it was inconvenient as hell. That makes me sound like emo-eddie but I need y'all to know that it was 10 pm and hot as hell, and I had a quarter tank of gas left. i guess you have to be there to understand. Please enjoy.