I could even respond, Mollie was back. "Lacey just threw up all over me! And Re said you have a change of clothes! You have to help me!" She was covered in bright blue vomit; the color had to be from the alcohol she and Lacey pre-gamed; and close to tears. I looked helplessly at Paul, "I'm sorry—I have to go, I'll be back as soon as I can." He nodded once, "I'll be here when you come back." … I had been waiting for almost an hour for her to return. For the feel of her hair in my hands again, for her weight to be on me again. I didn't even get her name. Just when things were getting heated her stupid friend had to show up, twice. I should have been drowning in her by now. I would never have waited this long for any other girl, in fact I was getting so frustrated I could feel myself get to the edge, and the edge was shifting. And if I shifted I would never have another chance with her again. A girl like her, had to have a boyfriend the other three hundred and sixty four days a year. She just had too, she was too perfect to be single. The hoop around her left nostril, or the way or lips lifted on the right side first as she smiled. It was something about her that made her irresistible. Maybe it was the way she talked to her friend, and smoothed a situation that I would have shifted in the middle of… it was definitely something in her eyes. Those eyes of hers; one grey, one green. The way the light from the Bonfire swam in her eyes like gold. Her eyes were perfect, there was this life in her eyes, her stunning eyes. I could smell another wolf approach the tree where I was waiting for my mystery girl. … "Hey, Paul." I frowned as Jared walked up. "Jared." "I thought you'd be drowning in the pussy by now. Didn't you say Bonfire Night was like a lonely high school girl buffet?" "It is." I said. "So are you full or have you blown your entire load?" "Jared." I growled. "Come on, I'm just being friendly." Jared ignored my warning, "It's not like you imprinted or anything." "Yeah." I let out a breathy snort, "True." "So what was her name? The girl that'll be crying over you tomorrow." "I didn't get it." "In-and-out? I thought you at least would get her name?" "Jared." I warned. "I know, I know. Want any help finding another one? You can't catch any more being here alone." "Yeah." I licked my lips and checked my watch, "She's been gone a while, I might as well reel in another one." "Good on you man." Jared grinned, "Now which lonely girl can I escort out of your house tomorrow?" I scanned the perimeter until I found one that would satiate my appetite for now. "That one." I indicated with my chin. It was the Mollie girl, she was wearing jean shorts and a tank top, and no blue vomit covered her. And my mystery girl was no where near her. "Well Paul. She's your prey now do what wolves do best; and hunt her." … She was screaming incredibly loud, so either this was her first real orgasm or she was inflating my ego. Either way, this Mollie girl was wet and into it. I was about to orgasm myself, imagining my mystery girl in the Mollie girls place and I was closer than ever. … I was in my car driving Re back to her house before her curfew, being the designated was a bummer, and since I wasn't planning to leave so soon, I was disappointed I want to go back to Paul. But Re was my best friend and I didn't want her to be in trouble with her parents. "Casy, thanks so much for driving me home, I would have taken my car, but I can't find my keys." "Re, you're drunk and I have your keys." I reminded her. "Oh yeah!" She laughed. Her drunk-self was a forgetful giggler. "So who was the hottie Mollie pushed you off of?" "You know about that!" I turned my blinker down indicating I was going left. "Yeah, she couldn't stop talking about it. She said he was a major ten, like Jake Gyllenhaal ten." "Jake Gyllenhaal is your celebrity crush." I remaindered her again, and turned my high beams. No one else was on the road so it was so acceptable. "Oh, yeah I forgot you have that Jim Halpert thing." "That I do." I turned my high beams off as another car moved in front of me. "So…" "So what?" I asked Re. "What's his name, does he have a permanent girlfriend?" "His name is Paul, and the other part I don't know." "Are you going to see him again?" She grinned widely. I thought about his intense stare, the way I seemed to mold to him, his warmth, and the softness of his lips, "I think this was a one-time thing. A guy like him, he's got to have a girlfriend, or many." "So you like him that much, huh." " Andrea ," I said scandalized, "I'm never going to see him again, and if I do. He'll have the arms of another girl around him. So I might as well forget him." … Hey what's up you guys. Another fic, this time M. I haven't forgotten the other ones, but school and personal life got in the way. And I've had this in my head for a while so I've written it down. So will Paul and Casy (pronounced Cassie- aka the mystery girl) find each other and is this a true imprint or did the Mollie sex end it? I mean it's obvs bc it's a fan fiction but like we love the tension soooo, enjoy.