pushed off and executed a solid flip. "Not this time," Alice hissed. She dove from the window crashing down on the body before her. She heard fluttering wings and squawks of terror that became more distant after she and her captive hit the ground. Alice glanced up and watched mournfully as the little bird disappeared into the distance. Her distraction proved to be a gross misstep on her part as suddenly her legs were swept out from beneath her and her body was pinned to the ground faster than she could blink. She looked up at her captor's triumphant grin with a petulant look of her own. The grin morphed into a smirk that sent a pleasurable chill down Alice's spine. Red eyes bore into hers and brown hair tickled her neck as the woman above her leaned down and rested herself on Alice's chest. Her arms were folded with her head resting neatly on top of them. Her eyes widened and lit. She looked wild. "Hello Alice," the woman chimed throatily. Alice perked at the beautiful although hoarse sound. She wondered what obstruction had caused it briefly and how it could be fixed before snapping back to her anger. This woman tried to kill her bird. She opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted by a light vibration tickling her chest and the sound of deep purring emanating from the woman on top of her. She'd rested her head against Alice's chest. "I'm Bella," the woman introduced herself as if the situation weren't out of the ordinary. As if it were a totally normal afternoon and they'd just met to talk about books or the weather, or politics. Perhaps there'd be tea and biscuits. Oh, oh, and little bit of cheese. Alice laughed but was unaware of why. Her arms automatically reached up to wrap around the woman who snuggled closer to her and placed her head right in the crook of Alice's neck. "Mine," the woman, Bella, purred contentedly. Alice sighed. What the hell kind of afterlife was this? Bella repeated herself over and over and then sat up abruptly and placed her fingers to Alice's lips. Alice sat up with her. Footsteps approached from the other side of the building and startled voices shouted above them. Alice heard Bella growl then move to get off of her. "No!" Alice shouted, gaining her attention instantly. Bella looked her over quickly as if to assess a problem. Alice shook her head. "Don't hurt them." "I'm not going to hurt," Bella's voice was stilted. "Right." The footsteps became louder and the metallic sound of a gun cocking became apparent before either of them even saw the men approach. Alice hissed and Bella leapt to her feet. "No hurt. Just kill." Alice jumped up but Bella was faster. Screams surrounded them and Alice sank to the ground watching Bella leap and dance her way through the men, leaving a bloody trail of corpses behind her. The smell of spilled blood sent Alice into a frenzy of need so much stronger than before. Even more than that she felt the need to follow Bella. Her chest ached painfully now that she was away. Alice hiss and growled in protest. She didn't want to kill. She couldn't kill. But the blood smelled so good. So fresh and delicious. Once again her body moved for her almost removing her mind from the equation. She struggled against it and forced herself to her knees. She gripped the earth beneath her hoping that it would tie her down. She didn't want this. The blood invaded every sense she had. She could see it dribbling from the downed men and smell it creeping closer, she could hear the fading heart beats and recalled the unforgettable taste she'd had of it before. Craving was an understatement. Blood was her ultimate quarry. She sobbed. The pain was back and stronger than ever. With a start she realized that no tears slipped down her cheeks. Apparently death had taken that from her, too. Alice slumped forward disappointed in herself for not following Bella and wondering if she were safe, for not taking the blood that her body desired, for not ripping apart the men herself for daring to approach them with murder in their minds. She choked back another sob and snarled regretfully. The release she needed didn't exist anymore. The only one left laid before her. The screaming stopped. Alice keened in response. Seconds later a woman's body appeared before her, warm and shuddering in terror. Alice moved away from it only to be pinned down by Bella's piercing stare. "Drink?" Alice shook her head and Bella's lower lip jutted out in disappointment. Alice whimpered at the sight, forgetting the guilt and destruction that she could see with her own eyes before her. She inched forward and watched Bella's eyes light in anticipation. The brunette crouched down and with the woman between them she reached out and stroked Alice's cheek. Alice hissed at the contact, both disgusted and aroused. The need for blood and the need for more of that touch intermingled. Bella gripped the body, drawing another long hiss from Alice, and held it up to Alice's lips. Alice let go and bit down feeding slowly from her prey. Bella giggled and joined in, chomping down on the woman's right thigh while still holding her up. Alice let the flow of the blood soothe her and the presence of Bella excite her. It stirred a feeling of intense relief and power within her. This was where she belonged. And….scene! A little ridiculous, I know, but I hope you like it. Better yet, I hope you review and tell me what you think of it! So c'mon leave me some words—good or bad. There will be more if I hear from you guys. If not then I'll leave it where it is and be on my merry way. BTW: This is a picture of that silly bird. .info/photo_gallery/eastern_