do you have tomorrow? I'm sure you've heard about the new system." "Yeah. Um, I've got English, Spanish, Calculus, Government, Lunch, Trig and Computing." Bella said, looking down at her schedule. "World History, Philosophy, Phycology, French, Lunch, Music and AP English." Artemis answered, not even looking at her own schedule. "Cool. You and I share French tomorrow." he told Artemis. "And I've got Government and Calculus with you, Isabella." "Just Bella, please." The older girl requested. "Right, course." . . . Artemis didn't see Bella again until lunch, which was when the brown haired girl caught up to her, a small, curly-haired girl bouncing by her side. "Artie!" Bella sounded immensely relieved, and Artie couldn't help but chuckle slightly. "Hey, Bellsie! How's your day been so far?" She asked, following the two older girls to the lunch line. "Alright. This is Jessica. She's in my Spanish class." Bella introduced. "Jess, this is my younger sister, Artemis." "Hello! I've heard from Mike that your in his Math class. You must be really smart to be in a class a year above your age group." She gushed. Artemis blushed lightly, not used to praise, and glanced at Bella confusedly. "Um, not really. It's just taught differently in England, so I suppose I'm a bit ahead of you through how I've been taught most of my life." Artemis said quietly, knowing that she wasn't a genius or anything, just a bit ahead through her years in England. "You were taught in England?" Jessica asked excitedly as they moved to the front of the line and looked around at the food. Artemis nodded as she grimaced, grabbing a can of lemonade and a chocolate cookie. Bella frowned over at her when she saw what she had gotten. "You should eat more, Artemis." She reprimanded. "Don't, worry about it, Bells. This is enough, I'm not very hungry, is all." Bella couldn't say anything as Jessica interrupted, babbling on about her lessons and her friends and who she's going to have them meet. They sat at the large table of friends that Jessica introduced them to, both girls forgetting most of the names minutes after they were uttered. It wasn't until half way through the lunch period that Bella spoke up, not having spoken beyond a few hello's before. "Who're they?" She asked, slightly awed as she looked at the people she was talking about. Artemis glanced up from where she was breaking up a second cookie Bella had pressured her into getting, half of it already in her stomach, the other half of it broken up on top of the wrapper it came in. Artemis blinked twice before raising an eyebrow in amazement. There were five teenagers sitting at the table furthest away from the rest of the students. There were three boys and two girls, and they were all looking in different directions as they picked at their food, though none of it went anywhere near their mouths. "They're the Cullens. They moved her two years ago, from, like, Alaska or something." Jessica started. "They were all adopted by Dr. Cullen and his wife." "Are they all related? They look a little old to be foster children." Artemis observed. "No, though the two blonds are twins. They're supposedly related to Mrs. Cullen. She's their aunt or something." Jessica dismissed. "The big guy, he's Emmett Cullen. The blond girl next to him is his girlfriend, Rosalie." "But aren't they siblings?" Bella asked. Jessica glared, not liking being interrupted. "Well, technically, no. They just live together, really. It's really weird." She whispered, although she had to know the entire table could hear her as she spread gossip to the new kids. "Anyway, the other blond who looks a bit freaky, he's Jasper. Him and Rosalie are twins, and their last names are actually Hale. The tiny girl next to him is Alice Cullen." Jessica pointed out. Emmett really was big, Artemis saw. He was hugely muscled, and when he stood up to dump his tray, she guessed he was well over six foot. The blond woman, Rosalie, was also quite tall, and had the perfect figure, with long pale blond hair. The blond boy was quite handsome, with curly honey blond locks. Alice didn't look small to her, though Artemis figured it was because she was probably the same size as the other girl. "What about him?" Bella stopped her thinking. She was looking at the third boy. He wasn't quite as tall as either of his brothers, and looked more lanky than so the called Jasper's lean form and Emmett's body builder body. His hair was a tussled bronze. The strangest thing about all of them were their eyes. All of them had bright amber eyes. 'I thought they weren't all related.' Artemis thought suspiciously. She thought of mentioning the eyes, but decided not to, not really wanting to attract the attention she was sure to garner at the question. "Oh, he's Edward. I know, they're all absolutely gorgeous. But Edward is the only single one, and apparently, no one's good enough for him, so don't bother." She sounded quite put out. "Somebody's been rejected." Artemis sing songed under her breath. Bella was the only one to hear her, and kicked her shins, causing Artemis to pout slightly at the temporary pain. "I'm not interested." Bella answered Jessica, although the girl hadn't asked a question. Artemis narrowed her eyes, seeing the way her sister was looking at Edward and bit her lip to keep from laughing. "Oh, no need to lie Bells. He is absolutely gorgeous, after all." She teased. Bella blushed brightly, kicking her sister in the shins, and looking around quickly to make sure that no one had heard, sighing in relief when she saw Jessica talking to the person on the other side of her. Artemis grimaced slightly from the temporary pain in her legs. "Shut up Artie." Bella grumbled. Artemis laughed, catching the unknown attention of the Cullens, who glanced over.