you. I worried that you had died," Jasper spoke to her as he looked into her eyes. "When I found Alice she told me that you would find me when you were ready. And she was right. Alice has been my friend for years and we allowed others to assume we were mates, but we never were. I only have one mate. You . I have been waiting a long time to find you again." Leaning forward, Cordelia gave him a short and sweet kiss before pulling back and looking into his eyes. "Cordelia Johnston, will you please give me the greatest honor I could ask for and become my wife?" "Jasper…" Cordelia sighed and smiled before wrapping her arms around his neck and nodded her head before whispering, "Yes." Five Years Later February 2012 After Jasper had called his family to tell them the good news, they had thought about finding someone to marry them while they were in Texas. The more Cordelia thought about it the more she wondered why they should rush it. She would be joining the Cullen's coven and so she knew she was going to have to adjust to living off animal blood instead of human blood. Now she understood the struggle Charlotte and Peter mentioned that Jasper had been going through. After a few months, the newly engaged couple came back to Forks. In all her years, Cordelia never really stayed in one place for too long and it was never with other vampires. At least not since she left Maria's coven. But she was truly excited about the new start to her new life. The vegetarian life as Jasper referred to it as. Once they had come home, neither of them had seemed to be in a rush to get married. They were just happy to have one another in their lives again. There had been many times that she thought it was all just a dream. After five years, Alice told them that it was time for them to finally get married. Jasper said nothing, just smirked and tried to walk out of the room, but Cordelia figured if she had to suffer at the hands of Alice's planning than so could he. Alice had asked if they could invite some of their high school classmates to the wedding and at first Jasper was unsure. But when Cordelia saw that Bella looked hopeful about seeing her old friends, she gave the okay. But first they had to agree upon an actual day. When Jasper looked at her he just smiled and kissed the side of her neck before whispering softly to her. "What about February 10th?" "Is it important?" Alice asked them. "It was the day she came back into my life," Jasper said. "Five years ago to the day." "Delia?" Alice asked looking at her for her approval. "I hope you can get everything ready," Cordelia smiled. "It isn't that far away. Your friends might not make it." "Trust me," Alice smiled as she got up from her spot on the couch. "This wedding will be perfect." Wedding day nerves never truly took over. Cordelia had spent so much time with the Cullen's that she already felt like she was part of their family. Besides Jasper it was hard to say who she was closer to, Alice or Rosalie. The three of them got along so well that she was happy to join their family on an official level. Knowing she preferred to have an evening wedding, Alice put the family to work making everything perfect. Just as she had seen it in her vision. The vision she saw of Jasper and Cordelia. They were always meant to be together and nothing would stand in the way. The only thing Alice knew Cordelia was missing on this day was her own family. It was a huge step when she asked Carlisle to walk her down to Jasper for the wedding. Carlisle Cullen had been honored that she would ask him and agreed to it. With the moon shinning high in the sky, Jasper was waiting for the love of his life at the end of the alter. When he saw her, his breath was stolen away. In her wedding dress, he would have sworn he had never seen anything more beautiful. He could remember that she mentioned dress shopping with the girls, but he never saw her with any bags. She had been careful to keep everything a surprise. Neither of them could keep the smiles off their faces as they were married with the moon high in the sky and their family and friends gathered around them. Cordelia didn't know the wolves that were invited to the wedding, but Jasper and the other Cullen's had vouched for them and that was enough for her. Cordelia never believed in a million years that her unfinished business with Maria would lead her back to Jasper. The man she always hoped she would find again some day. And now they were husband and wife. And there was nothing in the world that could make this day any better. The wedding was perfect and they both had to Alice to thank for that. The party after the wedding had gone off without a hitch again thanks to Alice. As soon as they could, Jasper and Cordelia left the party to enjoy time to themselves. They didn't tell anyone where they planned to go, but they promised to keep in contact and that they would be back. Alice who seemed to know something smiled and reassured Rosalie that the newly married couple needed time alone and they would be back before they would be missed. After all once you join the Cullen Coven you never leave it because it wasn't really a coven, it was a family and one never truly leaves their family for long. That was how Jasper and Cordelia looked at it. The End. A/N: Let me know what you think!