10 Elizabeth's POV When we arrived at the mall Ben's face was literally shining with excitement. While he was staring in awe I walk off to a store, I see an awesome shirt. Ahh I squeak out someone ran right into me and knocked me down on the ground. Ben's POV I follow my mates scent and it leads me to a clothing store she's on the ground and I run to her and help her up. "Are you alright" I say. "Yes I'm fine" she says. Then I turn around and see a teenage male standing there I start to growl how dare he harm my mate he knocked her down. "I'm Fine" she repeats. "Watch where your going from now on" I manage to growl out at that idiotic male. " "sorry sir it won't happen again" he says. " you bet it won't if it does I'm gonna rip your throat out" I think in my head. Elizabeth heard my thoughts and starts laughing I'm just glad she's ok. "Come on" she says. I follow her. " how's this shirt" she says. "Uh" I say thinking of an answer but then as I was about to answer someone/something grabbed me from behind. "I'm being attached" i think in my head need to protect my Lizzie. Chapter 11 Ben's POV Right time I go to sling whatever it was on me off my mate squeals I stop and look to her. " Maryanne what are you doing get off of him this instant" my mate say. Maryanne released me and said" I'm sorry Elizabeth I thought this dude was just some creep following little girls" she said. I growled again at that "I'm not a creep. Or Am I?" I thought. "You are not a creep you are perfect my love you are my mate and are in No way a creep who follows little girls". My mates soothing voice said in my head. I smile at my mate and reply " thanks love" in my head. " no problem" she thought back. " so who are you? And why has Elizabeth never mentioned you?" Maryanne says. " lets go somewhere more privet" my mate says. " ok" Maryanne says. We go outside and talk there. " so this is going to sound crazy but I'm telling the truth I swear" my mate says. " Elizabeth your my best friend I've never doubted you I will believe you no matter what" Maryanne says. " ok so Ben my cat is my soulmate and there was a rare magical blood moon last night that turned Ben human...so yeah!" Mate said all in one breath. Maryanne just stood there frozen in shock. What will happen next?! Chapter 12 Maryanne's POV OMG! " this man has tricked Elizabeth into think that he was her cat and is her soulmate, what a sick perv!"Get away from her you creep!" I say. "He's not a creep he's my soulmate" Elizabeth says. "That's impossible"I tell her. "We can prove it" she states. "Ok fine, how?" I say. Elizabeth turned to the stranger and looked him in the eyes wow it's like there having a conversation in their minds. " What proof do you want? " Elizabeth says. "Soulmates can hear each other's thoughts" i say. "So stranger you go into that store for a minute and I'll tell Elizabeth something and if this is real she'll tell you in her mind! Ok how does that sound? " I say. Ben's POV Maryanne called me a creep, but then again she Is just looking out for my Lizzie. What a good friend I think. Lizzie comes up to me and hugs me and tells me " Go into that store and stand there" "Ok" I reply. Elizabeth's POV " Ok so are you ready for that proof? " I ask Maryanne. "I sure am" she says. " Ok so tell me something!" Then she walks up to and whispers in my ear. Then she turns and says " you can come out now stranger." So Ben comes out and says... Chapter 13 Ben's POV "You told my mate that this is impossible and that I'm at least a hot creep!" Maryanne stands there frozen in shock! "How did you know that?!"she asks! "Because me and Elizabeth are soulmates" I answer. "But that's impossible" Maryanne repeatedly says. "We thought so too at first but it's real I promise. I've never lied to you before so why doubt me now?" My mate says. Maryanne sighs "your My best friend Elizabeth you've never lied to me this is just hard to believe but if you say it's real then I'll believe you."I sigh "thank star she finally believes us I'm getting tired or being called a creep" I think in my head my mate looks at me when I think this and smiles at me and I just feel so much love in that smile that it makes my heart skip instead of one beat like 10 I'm breathless literally I can't breathe. "Are you alright" my mate asks "yes" I say " just blown away by your beauty you made me forget how to breathe for a moment" I saw grinning at her. She just starts blushing and says "well don't do it again you scared me" I see the fear in her eyes and hear it in her voice my heart breaks a little at the sight of her scared. "I'm so sorry love I didn't mean to scare you" I walk up to her and hug her and kiss her face over and over again saying sorry."could y'all two please go get a room" a voice says interrupting my apology, it was Maryanne. I step away from my Lizzie and look at her and she's blushing so bad she could pass as a tomato. "Lets go home" Lizzie I think in my head. "See you later Maryanne" me and Lizzie say at the same time.