avert my gaze, regardless of how hard I try. Especially not from his piercing stare once our eyes meet, which they have now that he's watching me watch him. Looking into my eyes, despite my dark glasses - he sees me, I know he does. It's as if he truly see me . Not the president of the math club or the awkward geek the jocks seem to despise. He see me. And he must know I see him, too. He has to suspect, no… he must know beyond a shadow of a doubt of how badly I want him. He'd have to be blind and stupid to not see the way I look at him, and as badly as he tries to play the dumbass, I see through his charade. He's smart, probably a genius. He's observant; I see the way he notices everything around him. He's kind. God… underneath his tough bravado, he's so kind and so good; he can't hide that from me, no matter how hard he tries. Thankfully… mercifully… he looks away. Jpov Beautiful. Edward Masen is beautiful. I've never thought of a boy as beautiful before him, but I do him. Fuck, he is. And he's looking at me from behind his sunglasses, the way only he does, like he's taking me apart and then putting me back together again. I can barely see his eyes through those damned dark lenses, his green as grass eyes - and I feel them on me, if that makes any sense. What the fuck is up with his sudden shades, anyway? He never wears them, not until yesterday, atleast. And I don't like them one little bit. Shit, what is it about that boy, with his copper crazy hair and stupid preppy button downs? Always over a crisp white undershirt. A fucking undershirt, every damned day! And all I want to do is see him in only that little undershirt, wearing nothing else, but my mouth wrapped around his cock. Fuck! He drives me crazy. I want him so badly. Yes, I want Edward Masen in the worst way. And let's be honest, I can have - have had - every gay boy, half-gay boy, almost-gay boy, and maybe-gay boy in this school, along with a few straight boys, too. Hell, I've fucked half the football team in just under a year. But oh no, that's not good enough for me, because I wantEdward. I have a crush on him is more like it. A giant-ridiculous-mushy-gushy-girly crush on the one boy in this town whom I should stay as far away from as possible, simply because he affects me so. Edward affects me through and through. And that scares the shit outta me. I don't need any of that. More importantly, Edward doesn't need any if this. Nobody does, but especially not him. I'm one fucked up cat, bred my entire life to be nothing but a derelict. I know I could have him. The way he looks at me leaves no question in my mind as to if I could have that boy flat on his back or bent over the closest available surface asap. I could have Edward for one night, maybe two. Behind closed doors, I would rock his world and give him the courage to eventually come out. He would spend the rest of his life trying to find someone to make him feel the way my body in his did. I would leave him with no doubt that it is, indeed, boys he likes. Boys he needs and wants and fucking has to have. But I would be his dirty little secret, just like with the others. Don't get me wrong; I don't usually mind one little bit. I like to fuck and then be left the fuck alone. But not with him. Not with Edward. No, I wouldn't like watching him walk away, with a new spring in his step, mind you - but he would walk away from me like everyone else has since I was born into this fucked up world. Excluding Carlisle and Esme, so far; they haven't walked away just yet, despite my constant attempts to speed up the process, but it's only been eleven months. Give them time. They'll turn their backs on me; they'll walk away, just like everyone else. So I do the walking, first... but there's something about Edward. If I fuck him I'll fall for him; I just know it. He would own me; I can feel it in my bones. I wouldn't be able to walk away from him first, last, or ever. I barely hold onto the broken pieces of myself enough to stay sane and not become the criminal I'm destined to become. I certainly can't share my tenuous control with another. With him. He wouldn't want it anyway, once he sees me, really knows me. He may be a geek, but he's the king of the geeks. The way they look at him - it's as if he's a god or something. The way they look at me - they see the worthless piece if shit I am. Edward wouldn't risk their friendship to be with me, to truly be with me. I wouldn't want him to. So I'll continue to stay away, to watch over him from afar, protecting him from the hell that is my life, the decay that is my soul. Protecting myself from escaping that hell, because what would I do without it? I don't know how to live like that. I hope to post more often, like allot more often. I will finish all my stories. My winter-ish stories will pick up when it's winter again, when I can even begin to think about Christmas or ice-skating. You'll hear from the Sometimes boys and these two again, very soon. I have two banners for this fic on my fb page… Jen Soulmateficwriter. Come see me… I'll be alone, dancing. You know it, baby.