teeth. "Miss Swan?" Jasper jerks his head to confirm. "I didn't follow up on her whereabouts, but she has been gone for weeks now." "Why?" Again through gritted teeth. "Her father died and could no longer maintain the farm work, so I evicted her." Seeing the murderous look on his brothers face, he adds. "It's just business brother, we aren't a boarding house." "I'll deal with you later." He leaves his brothers house in much the same fashion as Isabella's old farmhouse. He went around to Edward's stables and took one of his steeds, not even bothering to gear it up. His next destination; his sisters. They seem to have preempted his arrival, for they await him out the front. "Where is Isabella?" he asks, not bothering to to remove himself from his mount. "Why, what ever do you mean?" "Edward evicted her weeks ago, and now I don't know where she is." "He what!" Rosalie seethes through her teeth. "Why wouldn't she come to us for help?" Emmett, looking crestfallen. "Why did he do that?" she asks. "Her fake father died." "Why wouldn't she come to us?" Emmett dumbfounded. "So you have no idea where she could have gone?" Jasper clarifies. "No… no clue." Emmett answers. xXx "You really haven't done this before, have you?" "No miss," Isabella responds automatically. "Well, you need to pull the cord tighter, as tight as you can." Her new lady instructs. "Yes miss." She pulls the cords to point where they would almost break the woman's ribs, and fastens them in place. "You may resume your kitchen duties now." "Thank you miss," she responds as she should with a curtsy. She wanders back to the kitchen to finish cleaning the breakfast dishes, much a preferable option than helping some shallow wolf into her lambswool. She shouldn't think so lowly of her employers, the ones that provide her with food and a bed, but to see how fixated the women are with what's new out of Paris and how the men fixate with out-doing their so-called friends in the most ridiculous of ways, well… farm life doesn't seem so low-class anymore. The idle task of scrubbing pans makes her mind wander. She hated it when she arrived three months ago, but now her memories aren't painful, they are fond. She has known happiness, and cherishes the feelings and memories that come with it. If her time was up today, she could not regret her mistakes, nor could she regret her decisions. Fate may not have dealt her a lifetime of happiness, but she has felt the purity and warmth of it. In her new position, she has witnessed marriages that are based on connections alone, not love or desire, not even tolerance. She may be scrubbing food remnants, but she still has more than some people. For that at least, she is grateful. "Miss Swan?" The head maid- whose name evades Isabella's memory frequently- addresses. "Yes?" "You have a visitor, I directed him to the winter sitting room, keep him out of sight from the Miss and Mrs. Jones'." "Thank you." She dries her hands on her apron, manoeuvring the servants corridors while she does so. She hasn't ever been in the winter sitting room, but she knows where it is located. She walks throughout the undersized door and into an empty room. "Huh." No one present. She spins on her heel and re-enters the skinny passage. "Isabella?" A familiar, albeit unwelcome voice. She closes the door behind her and starts back toward the kitchen. The door behind opens, a heated hand spinning her on her heel. It is of course Jasper, compacting himself in an uncomfortable angle to fit in the narrowed and short passage with her. "You're a hard woman to find." "That was the point. Next time I'll use an alias." His face falls, "I was hoping there won't be a next time." "Why are you here Jasper?" She asks, though not really wanting to know the answer. "I have missed you… so much." She doesn't comment, or even blink for that matter. "You were right, about everything, and I'm sorry. I can't apologise enough, and I only hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me… not that I deserve it." "I forgave you long ago Jasper." He smiles small and hopeful, but she doesn't dare to feel… not yet. "And you were right, of course. You are wise beyond your years Isabella." "About what, exactly," she pushes when he doesn't elaborate. "I wasn't at peace with myself, and I was angry… at everything. But now, I am content." "You should be happy then, not just content. You have the whole world at your feet with no obligations, you are dead after all." "There is only one thing that makes me happy Isabella, and it isn't anything my family's money can buy." She remains stoic and silent, waiting. "I need you Isabella. Do I dare to dream that a fool like me could ever possess the love of a beautiful creature like yourself?" She freezes, not moving, just processing. Her brain processes his words, but isn't sure if their placement has been interpreted correctly. "Uh… " she mumbles dumbly. The monosyllable though, enough for Jasper. He closes the distance between them, his lips finding hers in a fluid motion. And so, as happy stories dictate, everyone gets their happily ever after. Well… almost everyone. Rosalie and Emmett became parents, the smiles never leaving their faces. Isabella and Jasper moved to a farm of their own, where they went on to raise three children of their own. Jessica and Michael never had children, Jessica feared it would ruin her much-envied physique. Edward, though having a plethora of women at his side, never married or had any legitimate children. After succumbing to syphilis, the Cullen fortune fell to the spare. And the elusive Lord Cullen, well… let's just say that some angry tenants finally caught up with him. THE END