Kind of like a newborn vampire. Her humanity is gone. Everything that makes her different, everything that makes her human is lost when the blood touches her mouth. She is no longer the Renesmee we know but a blood thirsty vampire. It wasn't as strong when she was younger but now that she's older we far the worst." "Why is that?" I asked "Because everything has become stronger, every vampire aspect has increased as she has aged. And since she spends so much time around vampires, she's barely human; which is one of the reasons why we want to send her to school. We've neglected her human side. If she was to taste human blood again, who knows if she'll return back to normal and if she does she'll be so heartbroken at the destruction she has caused. She's the most complicated creature probably on this earth. Torn between her vampire side and human side; her thirst and her humanity," he explained. "So what do we do if she does taste human blood again?" Bella asked clearly worried for her daughter. "We try our best to control her. We limit her temptation. She has excellent self-control with being around humans but once she scents blood it's hard for her to stay in control. And it doesn't even have to be human blood. You see how she acts when she's hunting," Edward said. And he was right even with animal blood; you can see her control whining downhill. It's harder for her to stay focused. Edward nodded. "So we hope for the best. Nobody wants the Volturi back in the area. Plus Alice doesn't see anything bad happening during her first week," Edward said. "But as you know nothing is set in stone and it's hard enough to try to see around her, so don't hold me to my word," Alice said from upstairs. So we're placing everything on luck and faith? "That's all we have for right now," Edward said, replying to my thoughts. I didn't like these odds. Just then Nessie walked into the house, back from her feeding. And even though I was worried I couldn't help but smile. Even in the dark she had a certain glow to her. She was stunning. And I could see back then why the mailman became victim to her charm. Who could resist it? She was perfect like a vampire, but so ordinary because she was half human. There wasn't a sharpness to her features because she wasn't made of stone. Like she said before, she was inhumanly beautiful like vampires, but what she failed to realize was that she was so ordinarily human too. I heard Edward hiss behind me. I rolled my eyes and gave Bella "the look" which meant to shield me because your husband is being nosey. She giggled. Just then Alice came downstairs with a satisfactory look on her face. "Okay, so your closet is stocked with the new clothes and shoes I've bought you. Rosalie also brought you some hair care products, which are organized in your bathroom. All your make-up is in its usual spot. If you have any questions or concerns you know where to find us," Alice beamed. "Thank you aunt Alice and thank aunt Rosa for me too, you've really didn't have to do that," Nessie told them with a blush. "It's all no problem sweetie, we always want the best for our only niece," Alice said, kissed her on the check, said her goodbyes and left. I saw Nessie yawn. "Looks like we have a sleepy one over here," I said with a grin. "Yeah I'm pretty tired. I think I'll head to bed, you coming?" she asked. It was always a habit for me to lay with her while she slept, ever since she was younger she just couldn't sleep unless I was near. "Yeah," I said and got up and followed her upstairs. "Goodnight mom and dad love you," She said walking up the stairs. "Goodnight sweetie, love you too forever and always," they said. Once Nessie got settled and ready for bed I laid there with her and waited for her to go to sleep. After a few minutes I heard her speak. "Jake I'm scared for tomorrow. What if the same thing happens when I was younger? What if I can't control myself?" she asked me nervous. I wanted to tell her that everything would be okay and she didn't have to worry about it, but I could never lie to her. "Your control is all based you on Renesmee. Nothing happens to you unless you let it. You only control yourself. If you lose control it's only because you let yourself lose control. You need to have faith in yourself a little bit more. You haven't had a slip up in years. Why? Because you've been in control, not anything else. Remember that," I told her. "I will Jake, thanks for having faith in me," she told me. "No problem sweetie, now get some sleep you have a big day ahead of you tomorrow." She nodded and snuggled in closer to me. I still didn't like the odds of putting everything on faith but what more did we have to put it in? I have faith in Nessie's control, but does she? Hopefully it's just a regular day at Forks High school, but even that sounded like asking for too much… I hope you all liked this chapter. If you have any questions I'll be happy to answer them just PM me. I'm going to start most but not all chapters with Jake and Nessie's love for each other. They really don't have much to do with the story but then again also have so much to do with it, if that makes sense lol. They may seem a bit random but the point of them is to help you understand their love for each other. But please review and stay tuned for chapter 2!