the audacity of the Cullen's for wasting their time and deceiving them. "Go get the person hiding in the attic!" The head guard barks and Emmett makes quick work of the stairs. "You must follow me, Burnie." Emmett pants, "as quickly as possible." Despite the pain, he makes quick work of the stairs and approaches the regiment. "Hold out your right hand," the head guard orders. His gut sinks, automatically knowing what this is about. He holds out his right hand and the same guard who spoke, slides a foreign ring on his finger, and as expected, it fits perfectly. "The princess is after a person who can identify a ring that has come into her possession, can you describe it for me please." His lips thin behind his mask, "does it have a carved frog with an emerald?" He replies with the most unlikely creation he can conjure. The guards all turn to face a soldier standing at the back of the pack. ELLA They all stare at the guard with expectant expressions, and the blank faces of their helmets. "It's him," she confirms, despite his ridiculous summary of his ring. She pulls the helmet from her head, a dark braid falling down her back behind her. She approaches the masked man, her smile refusing to leave her face. "Can you please accompany me for a stroll around this fine estate, sir?" "Of course, Your Highness," he replies without emotion. They leave the Cullen's and the regiment behind, walking side-by-side, Ella clinging to his arm. "You have been injured badly," she states without pity. "What happened?" "Nothing a beautiful creature like you needs to concern herself with," he dodges the question. She tugs on his arm and stills them both, then moves to face him. "You keep evading me. Look, if you just tell me that I mean absolutely nothing to you, then I will leave you alone." His eyes sadden noticeably, "you know that is not what this is about. You deserve so much more…" he trails off, pained. "How about I decide what I want and what I deserve, and you start coming to terms with what you deserve." His eyes cloud over in thought, but remains silent. She takes his silence as neither a rejection nor approval, so ceases the moment to place her hands on his chest. "You are who I want," she states firmly. Her hands ease up his chest to his shoulders, then to his neck where the texture of his skin changes noticeably. She has felt this skin before, on her grandfather. He was burned badly by a molotov bomb when he was fighting for his country. She also now, understands why he has been wearing a mask, the burns must not exist only on his neck. Her hands continue further back, behind his head where they find what she seeks; a knotted ribbon. She pulls the knot free, and the mask drops to the ground, and shatters. He immediately looks away from her, "you shouldn't have done that," his voice coarse. "You shouldn't hide yourself behind a lie," she turns his face with her hand. His burns cover the left side of his face, thankfully missing his eye altogether. Not being able to still her hand, she runs it over the soft, smooth flesh. "You are a beautiful person." Then, she leans in and kisses him softy on the lips. "And I don't even know your name," she admits, somewhat embarrassed by the revelation, given how much she has exposed herself and her feelings to him. "It's Jasper." JASPER "Jasper Whitlock," he elaborates. "Perfect," she responds, awe shining up at him. "It's just a name, Your Highness." He mumbles, still overwhelmed by this strange and beautiful creature. "It's not just a name, it's your identity, who you are. And please, I insist, and order if I have to, that you call me Ella. Calling me 'Your Highness' feels wrong, you are my equal Jasper." His lips thin out in distaste, "hardly, but if you demand it, I will call you, Ella" "And you haven't answered my question, and I am dying on the inside, so please answer me! Do I mean nothing to you?" Again, he saddens, but he won't lie to her. He just wishes she wasn't so quick to throw her life away on someone not worthy of being in her mere presence, let alone being the subject of her love and admiration. "You mean everything to me." Her breath exits her with a whoosh, relief instant on her face. "Thank you." Love shining up from her eyes. "Do you remember at the ball, when you said that asking for what you want is not improper?" He nods, then she does the unexpected. She kneels down on one of her knees, and looks up at him with hope. "Will you do me the immense pleasure of being my husband." A smile finally spreads across his face, and she swears she has never seen a more beautiful smile. "Yes, my princess, I will." She smiles in return, and leaps into his arms, kissing his lips fiercely, with all of the pent-up feelings from the last two chaotic weeks. She pulls away, smile still present. "There's a catch," his eyebrows raise, "we have to marry within the next week because we missed the deadline to cancel the arrangement with Prince Michelle. He will be here in nine days to marry me… sorry. I begged my father to cancel the arrangement anyway, but I didn't meet his conditions and he refused to cancel it." "I will give you whatever you want Ella, I'd give you the world if I could." "You are enough." She smiles, then kisses him again. A/N: SO THERE YOU HAVE IT, I MANAGED TO WHIP THIS TOGETHER FROM AN IDEA I HAD WHILE PLAYING DRAGON AGE: INQUISITION, THE TIMING BEING SO CLOSE TO SM'S ROLE REVERSAL PURELY COINCIDENTAL. HOPED YOU ALL LIKED IT, FEEL FREE TO REVIEW :P