he was then. He visibly gulps when I catch his eye, obviously happy to see me. Smiling brightly, without breaking eye contact, he reaches down into his magic case of beer and then hands me a bud-light. I don't know how he does that, though I'm not surprised he remembers my beer of choice. He seems to know what everyone drinks. The kid must have a photographic memory. I've been to Atlantis allot, almost every night when visiting Uncle Aro and my favorite city. Aro usually accompanies me, but not tonight. I need to do this alone. Something has always held me back from pursuing the undeniable attraction I feel for this gorgeous, obviously American Indian bartender who is still staring back at me like I'm a big juicy steak. He's buff and sexy as hell, taller than me, with long midnight hair I'd love nothing else than to grasp in my fist and pull while fucking him from behind. "Jake, you look amazing, as always." His eyes glass over and he bites his bottom lip while looking at mine. Maybe he'd be interested in the special arrangement I seek? I'll have to think on that further. I'd hate to turn a harmless flirtation with the bartender of the club I'll be frequenting often into and an awkward situation. Or I could give the poor kid what he so desperately craves… a piece of me. But they all look at me like that, and then leave when I've filled them up. So, no. I won't be fucking Jake tonight, though my dick strongly disagrees. We chat a little and flirt allot before I push off the bar with a wink. The boys are already writhing around seductively on the ocean themed dance floor. Varying shades of blue and green glow from above. The image of waves shines from below. It's quite breath-taking. The rest of the club is full of soft curving lines, decorated in aqua and sea green. The sounds of waves and ocean noises can be heard in areas of the club where the loud seductive beats of dance music don't drown them out. The balcony overlooking the dance floor calls to me as it always does. I love the view from up there; I slowly make my way toward the stairs. The cushy aqua couches are occupied with partying groups of friends here and there, or couples in various states of making-out. My dick likes what I see. I don't attempt to hide the heat I'm packing, drawing blatant stares to my groin as I top the stairs. That's right boys... I'm hung and know how to use it. I reign myself in, reminding myself of my plan. I don't want to take a stranger home tonight. In actuality, I'd love nothing better than to let loose on one of these sexy boys, but I won't. I'll look, instead, for a different kind of bottom. One who isn't so obviously offering it to the first taker. One who looks as if he'd appreciate a repeated slow burn, instead. The problem is, I don't know what such a boy looks like. An hour and a number of shots later, I continue to eye fuck a candidate or two, but mostly I just stand here watching the erotic scene below. Most of the boys have taken their shirts off. One group is especially entertaining to watch. I can't for the life of me pinpoint exactly who's with who. Or maybe they'll all leave here together and an orgy will ensue. I certainly hope so. Then there's that couple on the edge of the dance floor who keeps drawing my attention, and it seriously pisses me off. They've been dancing closely, slowly, and sensually this entire time. Sharing languid kisses. Whispering sweet nothings when they drag their lips from one another. The manner in which they protectively covet the other is especially bothersome. It's as if each one is an invaluable treasure to the other. They only have eyes for each other, hell… they obviously fucking complete each other. It's unnerving, and to be quite honest, utterly inappropriate for this setting. With all the blatant groping and grinding and damn near actual sex almost taking place on the dance floor, this is the couple I want to scream at, "Get a fucking room!" What the hell? I don't need to see that shit. It's… it's… it's fucking beautiful. They are. And I want what they have. I most certainly did not come here to be reminded of what I want but can't have. Alcohol makes me irrational. I know this. And I'm quickly making my way towards drunk. I should stop myself from asking the offending couple to leave, but I don't know if I can keep from doing exactly that. I just might, until I notice a gorgeous creature in the middle of the dance floor. He wasn't there a minute ago, but he sure as hell is now. I can't see his face, but damn, the boy knows how to move. Out there by himself, he seems completely overcome by the music, swaying his hips to the beat as if it resonates from within his body. I've never seen him here before, but there's something about him that seems familiar. All I can think about is my unexplainable, irrational need to get closer to him. I feel drawn to him, as if the universe is pushing me, pulling me to close the distance between us. I can't explain it, but I can't shake an unfamiliar feeling spreading through me, taking root somewhere deep inside… that the beautiful boy down there, dancing alone and free – will change my life. Everything about my life is about to change. Please pretty please review and let me know what you think? Any ideas as to who the mysterious dancing stranger is, or how Jasper might already know him? Ch.2 up tonight, hopefully. And the next chapter of Sometimes soon after that.