to eliminating threats to the organisation. She's probably already…" I closed my eyes against the image that tried to burn itself into the forefront of my mind. "She'll wish she was dead, and then they'll tease her with the thought of it coming soon, make her willing to beg, and then… They'll torture her some more. Because they can." "Is there nobody on the inside…" "Didyme's the doctor there. She might be able to… I don't know." I shuddered, bringing my hand up to my aching shoulder to try and stop the pain. "Her and Marcus will probably be kept in a safehouse or-" I inhaled sharply. Of course. "Or…?" he prompted when I didn't continue. "I need your phone," I told him. " Now." After several hours solid of trying different lines, I finally managed to leave a message on Didyme and Marcus' personal line, begging them to get a message on Bella's whereabouts and condition back to me as soon as possible. Since The Volturi were on high alert and had most likely scattered to as many secure locations as possible, there was no telling where in the country they were. If they were even in it at all. So, I sat in Carlisle's suite at the Kikimonoly hotel in Portland with his phone on my lap and a computer on the table in front of me and waited, only leaving my position for bathroom breaks and the occasional check-up with Lucinda, the on-call medic, when absolutely necessary, but not before making sure somebody was taking my place the entire time for fear of missing that all important message. On the fifth day, an email finally arrived in one of Carlisle's secure inboxes while I was getting my shoulder re-bandaged. Ethan, one of the techs who had been swapping watch duty with me, suddenly yelled for Carlisle, and I sprang out of my seat with my shoulder half bandaged, my mind only on Bella. "Let me see," I demanded, almost pushing Ethan over in my haste to read the message. He started to object, but Carlisle quickly cut him off. "Give it to him," he ordered softly. Within moments, I had the laptop on my lap and was reading Didyme's email. Subject: RE: Better Economic Logistics – Legal Aid AJ#4G Dear, Sir/Madam It is with deep regret that I inform you the parcel containing the information we desire has yet to arrive at our offices here in Montana. Contact with the postal service has proved to be inconclusive, as they are claiming to know nothing about the parcel or its contents, despite the proof of postage you provided. However, I have been made aware that all efforts are being put into ensuring the parcel, as well as its contents, are kept safe and unharmed by any unforeseen circumstances, such as water damage or mishandling. Although the outside may become damaged or punctured, we will do our best to ensure the contents remain intact. Due to the delicate nature of the package, I would suggest waiting until the 21 st of December before re-sending the information. Perhaps reinforced packaging or personal courier may be a more secure way of getting this information to us? As you have been made aware, our offices will be moving on 22 nd December, and if you wish to have your case resolved by then, a swift delivery is essential. Regards, DCM Sudsortie My lungs burned in protest, and I quickly exhaled the breath I'd been holding. "Oh, thank God," I gasped as relief washed over me. "She's alive." "How can you tell?" Ethan asked, frowning as he read the email over my shoulder. "The code," I explained. "Bella's the parcel, the baby's the contents of it. She's still at the compound in Montana, and she's not talking." I re-read the letter. "She's been tortured. Possibly waterboarded…" I fought back the urge to vomit. "But Didyme's trying to make sure she's okay. Her and the baby." "And December 21st?" Ethan prompted. "December 22nd?" "They're moving her December 22nd, I think," I replied. "I think she's trying to tell us 21st December is when we should go in… Surprise attack, lots of men…" I scanned the email. "The south exit is our best bet." "Three weeks?" Carlisle said softly from behind us. Although he had neither agreed nor disagreed to help with Bella's retrieval, his interest fanned the flames of hope inside of me. "Three weeks," I confirmed, searching his eyes for answers I knew I wouldn't find. "You know how to get to the south exit?" I nodded. "It's the opposite side to where we broke free, accessible through unused sewage pipes that were placed in case the south wing needed to be expanded. They call it death row; most captives get taken there for… Information extraction." "How many guards?" he asked, frowning at the screen. "I…" I read and re-read the email, but nothing sprung out at me until… I pointed at the header. "Bella's with Alec and Jane. And four guards, who are probably outside the room." "Alec and Jane?" "Pain experts." Images of their previous victims flashed through my mind. "Jane likes knives and whips… Chains… Alec prefers more… He's the main culprit for waterboarding. He loves to cut off the senses. And he's very good at it." "You've seen it? Could you identify them?" "I've experienced it," I mumbled. "Alec blindfolded me while Jane sliced up my back as some fucked up initiation thing. Barely left a scar." "Bella's with them?" He sounded horrified at the thought. I forced myself to nod. "I'll talk to Emmett. Assemble a team. We go in December 21st." My eyes closed in relief. "If anything happens to them in the mean time…" He paused, gently gripping my uninjured shoulder. "Either one of them. I'll understand." His hand slipped away, and the main door clicked open moments later. "Carlisle?" I called, turning to face him. "Yes, Mr. Masen?" "Call me Edward." He smiled. "You're welcome."