I've never seen a water rescue, but I've heard people who're in shock will fight you in the water. I need him to calm down and realize it's just me trying to help him. "Chief! Charlie! Look at me. It's Edward. Please don't fight me. Let me help you!" Recognition finally dawns, and he calms down enough that I'm able to pull him up to the shore. There's no way I can get him back to the car without help, and I'm not sure if I should move him. I have no choice but to wait for help. I hear the sirens before I see EMS, two officers and Bella running toward us. I get out of the way and let them get to work. Bella throws herself into my arms, and I hold her tight as the tears wrack her body. The paramedics have Charlie loaded onto a stretcher. We all help hold it steady and get him to the ambulance. Bella rides to the hospital with her father, and I follow them in my car. The emergency room has been notified the chief of police is being brought in. He's in shock and possibly has hypothermia. A team is waiting in the ambulance bay when we pull up. Charlie is immediately rushed to the back, and Bella collapses into a chair. "He has to be okay, Edward. He has to." She's barely speaking above a whisper and looks so lost and afraid. I try to comfort her the best I can. We're both soaked and freezing. I offer to go home, get us some dry clothes and come right back, but Bella won't have it. She doesn't want me leaving her side. I'm fine with that, whatever she needs. Thankfully a nurse brings us some dry scrubs to change into and some hot, if stale, coffee. We change and get comfortable in the waiting room, not having any idea how long it will take. About an hour after we arrive, an ER doctor comes out to talk to Bella. Charlie has a few broken ribs and mild hypothermia, but he's going to make a full recovery and is being moved to a patient room upstairs, so Bella can see him soon. She thanks the doctor and then kisses me for all I'm worth. "He's going to be okay, Edward! You saved him. I don't know how to thank you." I give her a cheeky grin, and she giggles. "Do you think we should wait to tell him? I mean, if he's in a hospital bed, he can't kill me, right?" "Edward, you saved his life. If he is anything less than accepting of our relationship, I will kick his ass. If you hadn't been with me today and weren't so brave, telling him would be a moot point, because he probably would have died." "Well, thankfully he didn't." A few minutes later, the nurse calls for Bella, telling her Charlie is in his room and she can go up to see him. She takes my hand, and we make our way to the elevators, then down the hall to Charlie's room. I tell her I'll wait outside, that she needs a few minutes alone with her dad. She nods and slips inside the room. She's only in there a minute before she walks back into the hallway with a bewildered look on her face. I'm at her side immediately. "What is it, baby? Is everything alright?" "Yeah. He wants to talk to you 'man to man'. He knows, Edward. I didn't say anything, but he just knew." I nod once, kiss her temple, and make my way into the chief's room. "Edward, come in and sit down. Now, I have a lot I need to say, and I've been through hell today, so let me say it so I can get some sleep. "I told you when I first caught you mooning over my Bella that I was observant, and I noticed everything. Did you two really think you were hiding anything from me? Smiling and winking at each other across the police station, Bella staying glued to that laptop all night. "I've watched you both closely, and you surprised me, kid. Wouldn't let her come back over until her birthday. Bella has never clicked with her peers. I don't like it, but I always knew she'd end up with somebody older. At least you abide by the law. More than I can say for some of these assholes around here. "What's the locket say? Yeah, I saw that, too." I clear my throat to speak. "It says 'Take care of my heart. I've left it with you.'" "Do you love her?" "I do. I love her more than anything." "Yeah, me too, kid. And if you hurt her, I will not hesitate to cut your balls off." "Sir, does this mean we have your blessing?" "Don't push it, Cullen. Now get out of here so I can rest." "Thank you, sir. I promise I'll take good care of her." I'm almost to the door when Charlie calls out, "Edward, one more thing." I'm expecting another warning or threat. "Thank you, son. I don't think I would be alive right now if it weren't for you." "You're welcome, Chief." Bella is pacing the hall when I emerge from the hospital room. "What did he say? Did he freak out? Edward, if he threatened you…" "Shh, Bella. It's okay. He's not thrilled about it, but he admitted he wouldn't be thrilled about you dating anybody. You're his little girl. I get it." "So he wasn't rude to you?" "He thanked me for saving him." "That's not what I asked, Edward." "Come on. We'll talk about it later. He said he wants to rest." We walk out of the hospital hand-in-hand. It's early in the morning, the sun just starting to rise. The storm has passed. A/N: Thank you so much for reading. I would love to hear your thoughts.