simple white dress. It had a round neck like with about inch thick straps and billowed down almost dreamily. " Nessie?" Jacob asked once again. " Um," I looked over to the pond. It did look very beautiful, so why not. "Sure," I told him, "I'd love to." He held out his hand and I took it. I let him help me up and walk over to the stream, he let go of my hand long enough to dive gracefully into the water. A moment later he reappeared shaking the water from his hair as he asked, "Coming?" With an inviting smile that I simply could not refuse. Something should bother me in all this, but I honestly couldn't think what it could be so without making him wait any longer I stepped forward and jumped in. The water made my dress dance almost magically as I waded toward him with much less effort than it should have been. As I approached him he didn't hesitate before wrapping an arm about my waist, pulling me tight against him and pressing his lips against mine. Everything seemed to stop all I could feel was him, his lips against mine making me feel dizzy and numb, his arm against my waist, his body pressed against mine, and the water propelling about my legs as he kicked to keep us both afloat. Then suddenly he stopped and we fell slowly under the water, but I had no trouble breathing. He had parted our lips and we just floated there, beneath the water with his arm about my waist holding me close. With no need for words he brought our lips together again, and his hands began to roam my body as I realised I was exploring his with mine. My whole body began to feel so warm and... Nice. I never wanted it to end. And that is exactly when my alarm clock decided to go off. I opened my eyes so fast realising it was all a dream. And I think... I think I was disappointed. My body still felt unusually warm however. I rolled over and hit the button on my alarm clock. I didn't feel like getting up. I wanted to stay in bed and think. And that is when I saw it. On my bedside table next to my alarm clock there was a book. Susan Wigs, The Horse Master's Daughter. I picked it up and while flicking on the lamp I turned it over to read the blurb. Once a privileged son of the South, Hunter Calhoun now stands a widower shadowed by the scandal of his wife's death. Burying himself in his success with breeding Thoroughbred racehorses, he's left his family to crumble and forgotten how to comfort his grieving children. When a prized stallion arrives from Ireland crazed and unridable, Hunter is forced to seek help for the beast. Removed from the world of wealth and social privilege, Eliza Fylte has inherited her father's famed gift for gentling horses. And when Hunter arrives with his wild steed, her healing spirit reaches further yet, drawing her to his shattered family and to the intense, bitter man who needs her, just as she needs him. Eliza understands what Hunter refuses to see-that love is the greatest healer of all. But can her kind, humble being manage to teach such an untethered man what truly matters in life? It took me a minute to realise it was a romance novel. DAD! Stay OUT of my head! I thought so loudly it probably made him cringe, wherever he was. My father and I had an unspoken agreement, he would let me work things out on my own, and he would help me by leaving a new book on my bedside table every time I finished one. Sometimes there would be a little sticky note with a message, 'If you ever want to talk.' Most of them were set a few centuries ago, some were even written that long ago. I didn't mind, Dad didn't like the stupid modern ones, and I really didn't care what era it was, I just wanted to follow the characters in their adventure of finding out what love was. In my dreams I would tend to play the role of the lead female in the books. What had confused me was that Jacob was almost always the lead male in my dreams. I tried not to think about it, I didn't want to read too much into dreams. That was of course, until the day Jacob came to visit. I couldn't tell what is was, but there was definitely something different about him. I had been staring at him for the last few minutes trying to work out what it was. He turned at looked at me dead on and told me flatly, "Okay my face cannot be THAT interesting." The words were out of my mouth before I even knew what was happening, "On the contrary, I have always found you very intriguing, and you have a lovely face." And that was when I realised just how stupid my confession sounded, and my face very rudely decided to attempt to impersonate a tomato, despite my telling it not to. Jacob paused before laughing lightly; he looks so cute when he laughs. Did I really just think that? " Um, thanks kid, you're not so bad yourself." He smiled and my heart fluttered, I could feel the effects of his smile deep in my stomach. And THAT was when I got a new interest, a rather unexpected one, but one I would rather like to pursue... Jacob Black . Authors Note: Sorry about all the narration and flashbacks should disappear in the second chapter WILL be gone by the third. I have never read The Horse Master's Daughter I just googled romance novels and grabbed whatever looked good. No copywrite intended. This is my first published story, please review. Looking forward to constructive criticism. ~SophieAngel69