impaled by a silver spear, one they needed her to remove, for they could not touch the silver, you see. She removed it as carefully as her shaking hands allowed, and the wolves said there was plenty of blood on the spear for her to take, and so she did. She rushed back home, so she could complete her next task before night was upon her. She doesn't go outside of a night, her cactus has repeatedly warned her of the dangers that walk amongst the darkness, using the shadowed world to hide and stalk prey… she shivers at the thought. She runs past her new home and directly into the woods, through the worn path area and follows it until she sees a tree watching her closely. She halts her approach and appraises it from the distance. "Are you the Talking Tree of Alder?" It stares silently for a beat, appraising her in return. "No indeed, Fair Maiden. I am not. I am the Wise Tree of Affection. If you are to embrace me, I shall offer you one wish." "I may not be the cleverest young woman, dear tree, but I am not the silliest. Good day to you sir." The Fair Maiden skirts around the tree, leaving a rather large breadth out of fear of being caught by its limbs. Behind the tree, she does indeed find what she is looking for; a doe giving birth. She sits next to the mother-to-be's head and whispers her support to it. Not seeming to calm it, she sings to it as sweetly as a nightingale. It calms down quite a bit, a tear springing from its eye. Seeing how much of an affect her singing has had on the doe, she continues until her baby is out and her pain is over, but she still does not cease her beautiful melody. Continuing her singing as the mother cleans its young, the baby does as her cactus predicted and a sole, happy tear is released from it eye. She captures it in her small vessel, and thanks them both for sharing such a touching experience with her. With the last of the days light fading, she rushes home and goes to bed, excited for the following day. With her cactus in hand, she approaches the witch, "I have all three items you required. Here is my dearest cactus." "I am pleased to meet you Witch." "And I you, Cactus." "And here is the tear and the blood." "Wonderful. I need to lift a veil from his eyes, shall I do it now, or after school?" "Oh! dear Witch, I couldn't possibly wait until later, can we do it now?" "Of course, but first, I feel as though I need to tell you something. I wasn't completely honest with you yesterday, and it has pained me ever since." "Okay Witch, what say you?" "If we continue and I perform the ceremony, I cannot give you your cactus back, he will be lost to you forever." "Oh my! but he is my dearest friend." "It is quite all right Fair Maiden, it will all work out. Please trust me, and continue with the ceremony." "Are you quite sure, though?" "Indeed, Fair Maiden. It is for the best." "Okay then, you have never said anything wrong before." I shall go fetch him then, and we can do it outside, away from the other pupils." The Witch fetches the Fair Maidens beau, and they all walk outside to where they are alone. "Dear brother, look at me, and don't look elsewhere!" The witch orders and her step-brother abides her wishes. A purple spark shoots from her hand, prompted by a gesture, the bolt shooting him in the eyes. "What did you…" but he doesn't finish his sentence, for a whole new world opens up to him. He sees a strange purple glow around his sister, a new-found face on the cactus she holds. Flying creatures through the air and small talking rabbits chattering about them, nothing he sees was evident to him mere seconds ago. "This is amazing!" "Indeed brother, now may I introduce to you, my friend the Fair Maiden." Their eyes meet, but this time it seems like it should have been their first glance at each other. "Fair Maiden… how lovely you are. I dare not hope for forgiveness, but I will beg it from you anyway. Can a lowly man like me ever hope to win your fair heart." "You already have my heart, dearest prince." He looks down upon himself and finally sees his clothes have transformed into royal garb, "I'm a prince?" he questions his witch sister. "You know you are adopted, your parents are the king and queen, they feared your safety, so they entrusted me with your safe-keeping. I think it is time to now return to them." "And… what of my dearest Cactus?" Instead of replying, she drops the tear and the blood atop its spikes and it takes less than a second for the small succulent to transform into a most handsome wizard. "My dearest Witch, thank you from releasing me from those horrid spikes, and I thank thee for understanding my dilemma, for I was not allowed to speak of it!" "I know, dearest Wizard." Then, their eyes meet, and they too fall in love at their first sight. And so the Prince and Princess lived happily ever after, as did the royal Witch and royal Wizard. THE END A/N: SO I KEPT THE STORY SIMILAR IN NATURE TO THE ORIGINAL TWILIGHT, BUT OUR PROTAGONIST WASN'T NECESSARILY BELLA OR HER BEAU NECESSARILY EDWARD OR JASPER. THE FAIR MAIDEN COULD EASILY BE ESME, ROSE, ALICE OR EVEN RENEE JUST AS THE WITCH COULD HAVE BEEN ANYONE. I'LL LET YOU ALL DECIDE WHO YOU CHOSE YOUR CHARACTERS TO BE, AND I HOPE YOU ALL ENJOYED THIS LITTLE BIT OF SILLINESS. STAY TUNED FOR MORE STORIES TO COME, I NEVER SEEM TO RUN OUT OF IDEAS.