past some black screen, then some commentary from Mike, then Edward, most likely filling the audience in with their progress. Next it was the field trip, but she remembers all of that vividly so she doesn't let go of the skip button. She wonders if Mike asking her to the prom was genuine or not, either way she dodged a bullet. More humiliating scenes skip by, ones she doesn't care to re-watch at all. She mostly already knows exactly what had happened. The cafeteria, getting invited to La Push, talking with Edward, inviting him along, him saying no after the location was revealed… and him getting her to admit she was considering superhero stuff. "What if I'm the bad guy." She remembers perfectly. He had wanted to elude her in the right direction without having to say it. La Push beach is next and she doesn't let up on the double triangles. She really didn't expect innocent Jacob to get involved in this… guess she was wrong. He had played his part perfectly, she practically begged him to tell the story, like it was all her idea. She shakes her head at the memories, she really is an easy target. Of course, her first move is to naturally look for even more evidence to support such a ludicrous idea, which is why she wanted to go to Port Angeles. That was only yesterday, but it now feels like a lifetime ago. The world was less harsh a lifetime ago, now even her saviour is a lying scumbag. If they had anything to do with those men attacking her, she will tell Charlie and there will be hell to pay. She skips past the sunny day where all of the Cullen's conveniently stayed away and Jess made sure to let it be know that the family were never seen in daylight. That was also when she asked if she could hitch a ride. There was no footage of her in the dress store or the bookstore, the vision just skips ahead from some bushes. Bella sees herself surrounded by the men, her heart skipping a beat in fright. While it was happening, she hadn't actually realised how many there were or how big and strong they are compared to her. She really is lucky. "Hurry up Edward, she's surrounded." She recognises the voice as Alice's. Edwards voice then responds, presumably from a phone on speaker. "God damn it, who the hell is it? Night time is my only break from her and now that is gone, I'm gonna fucking kill 'em." "It's Smith's gang… assholes." Alice responds. "I'm here now." Then a beep. The Volvo screeches around the corner and stops just shy of the group. She remembers him saying "get in," but the audio isn't clear from the footage. Edward then gives the men a look, and possibly says something to them. He then takes off, leaving the scene. Next, is a blank screen, with just audio. It is them talking in the restaurant. How convenient that Edward can read everyones minds… except hers. Of course he realises he would get caught up in a web of lies if he were to be proven wrong. She could literally face-palm herself for being so damn gullible. Heat rushes up her face again, so she skips the rest of the black-screen and even their trip home in the car. It is just too much for her to bear. That was just last night. Had she really spent hours googling vampires? She shakes her head at her own stupidity. The rest, is all of the events from today. She releases her finger from the triangles and listens to Mike's commentary on her humiliation. "Well viewers, we are at our climax. Edward gave us the signal, so we are just about to rush up the hill where he's sure it will take place. Hang tight." The screen flips to the scene where she knows she is going to be entering into shortly. They had made it to where she was heading long before she had. Mike slips into the screen, now donning black attire. "Okay peeps, they'll come in the shot there and we have a couple camera's going so we don't miss a thing. Enjoy the show." That was all she needed to see, she skips past the rest of the scene to where she storms off embarrassed and crying. They continue to laugh hysterically long after she leaves and when all settles down, Edward addresses the lens. "Hey Bella, I know you'll see this, you won't be able to help yourself. I just want to say I'm sorry, you're undoubtedly hurting right now, but I had a point to prove to my friends. I'm sorry you were used and misled in the process, I just hope you will be able to forgive me one day… but I won't hold my breath." The footage stops, and the play triangle appears centre screen again. Without further delay, she pulls her luggage from under her bed and throws the tablet in first and foremost, then all of her useless crap and clothes. She writes a quick note to Charlie, apologising profusely mostly and with no real explanation. After leaving the house, she throws her luggage in the tray, and leaves the horrible town far, far behind. She has always disliked many things about herself… with thanks to their prank, that list has now grown ten-fold. A/N: SO I WAS PONDERING THE STORY LINE LAST WEEK AND I FINALLY THOUGHT ABOUT THINGS A BIT MORE THOROUGHLY. SM CLEARLY TRIES TO CONVEY THAT THE WORLD BELLA LIVES IN IS OUR WORLD AND THE SUPERNATURAL IS SO UN-PLAUSIBLE, IT'S RIDICULOUS. WITH WHAT MEAGRE EVIDENCE BELLA REALLY HAS, HER JUST COMING OUT AND PRESUMING 'RADIOACTIVE SPIDERS' AND 'VAMPIRE' IS JUST… MIND BLOWING TO ME. THAT IS THE REASON FOR THIS STORY, TO SHOWCASE THE RIDICULOUSNESS OF BELLA'S OUTLANDISH PRESUMPTIONS. AND SORRY IF THIS POV OFFENDS, I MEANT NO OFFENCE.