Edward chortled in surprise, covering it with a cough as Renee glanced to him. "She's remembering Charlie muttering about Nessie having Renee's "Stubborn overconfidence" after she climbed a tall tree behind his house." Edward explained, for me and the others that were listening. Renesmee took her hand from Renee's face, waiting anxiously for her reaction. Renee looked at Renesmee for a long moment, her expression going from surprise, to confusion and then with a finality echoed in Edward's answering grin, devotion. "You're an angel, as real as my own arm. An angel sent to give my Bella happiness." Renee whispered, a single tear escaping from her eyes. "Nah, she's a little monster sent to keep me awake with worry, aren't you Nessie?" Jake said, picking Renesmee up and spinning her as she shrieked in pleasure. Renee broke from her trance, hurrying over to chastise Charlie for keeping such a large secret from her. Sue's eyes tightened slightly at this, but she seemed to be more amused than anything else. Renee turned to me after she was done with Charlie, who stood looking like a kid that had just broken the neighbor's window. "Bella honey, I'm not going to pretend I understand everything, but stop acting like I'm going to snap and run screaming from you. I'm not asking that you tell me everything, but tell me enough." She huffed, setting her hands against her hips in the universal pose of motherly disapproval. "Okay mom, I'll keep that in mind." I smiled fondly, realizing that she had said much the same thing that Edward had heard from me. Edward chuckled quietly beside me, obviously the irony was not lost on him either. Night soon fell, and the human members of the Quileute tribe began to trickle out, the wolves followed slowly after. The Cullens, Charlie and Sue, Jacob and of course mom, stayed longer to have a family moment with Renesmee. As was becoming the yearly custom, Renesmee walked from person to person, sharing her favorite memories of us from her year. Edward chuckled beside me along with whoever was seeing Nessie's memories. As she touched my cheek I saw our first beach trip, were Jake had sweet talked Sam into letting Edward, Nessie and I into La Push so that we could take her to First Beach. The image shifted into our Halloween party, were Edward had stayed true to form and dressed as Count Dracula, Carlisle had donned a pirate's suit, Jasper had been a frighteningly realistic zombie, Rosalie was dressed as a goddess – though Edward claimed she had merely dressed to suit her true self image – Esme had raided Carlisle's closet and masqueraded as a doctor, imitating Carlisle the entire time, Jacob was there in a wizard's robes and hat, Emmet took on the guise of Frankenstein's Monster and Alice made herself into a rather fashionable witch. I had been forced by Edward and Alice into a Princess's gown, along with a real diamond tiara, Nessie – who had dressed as a fairy – lingered on her first sight of me coming down the stairs from Alice's room, comparing it to photos of my wedding day, which were almost identical. Finally Renesmee showed me her memory of watching as Renee and I embraced, her thoughts taking on a proud undertone. You were happy on my birthday. Edward was grinning from ear to ear as I surfaced from Renesmee's memories. Renesmee walked over to Renee, who had been watching our odd display with intense concentration, perhaps attempting to understand what was happening. I dropped my shield for a moment, hoping Edward could tell me what had her so worked up. "She wants to remember this, to know what to expect the next time." He supplied, murmuring so fast that even if they could hear us, no human would understand his words. "Next time?" I asked, surprise edging my voice. "She won't be locked out of your life so easily, not if she can help it." Edward purred, flashing my favorite lopsided smile as he watched my face light up in happiness. She wanted to visit again. Renesmee slowly put her hand against Renee's face, who leaned into it encouragingly. Her eyes went blank as Renesmee sent her memories. "She's showing her the safest memories of us. Her bedtime stories, the gifts we have given her, the beach trip, her lessons. She's showing Renee all she can of what took place while your mother was gone." Edward whispered, watching Renee's face and hearing not only what she saw, but how she received those memories. Renesmee stepped away from mom quickly, smiling proudly. Renee sat for a moment, stunned. Her eyes focused on me, her features settling into a fierce pride. "It looks like you're destined to be a wonderful mom Bella, first with me and now with Renesmee." She laughed, reaching forward to hug Nessie tightly. "I must have done something right, for you to turn out so perfect." Charlie and Sue left after that, satisfied that Renee would be able to handle herself from this point on. Soon Renee also had to leave as well, she was staying in a hotel in Port Angeles and was anxious to get some sleep. "I'll be back in the morning honey, have a good night." She pecked me on the cheek, shuddering again as she felt it's hard chill. "I will mom." I assured her, ignoring Emmet's hushed laughter from the floor above. Mom was soon gone when Renesmee fell asleep, Edward carried her to her room in our cottage as we returned. "She had a long day, perhaps she'll sleep in tomorrow." He murmured, kissing the top of her head before following me to our room. "Emmet is getting on my nerves, surely our nightlife isn't that amusing." I grumbled, turning to find him closer than I expected. "Why not give him something to laugh about?" He growled playfully, sending any thoughts of all but him from my mind.