Oh Cabaret! Shoot me. "I like the sound of garlic bread crust." I said. "You'll love it!" Prissy squealed. "Alright, everyone into the car." "Give me a sec, please." I asked, "I just have to get gift bag." "Why?" My dad gave me a weird look. "Because it's almost six thirty…" "And you need to open it by six fifty-six, got it. Go get it." My dad said as I ran up the stairs. … Mrs. Filippelli sat us down in the small rounded booth the back of the restaurant by the window immediately when she saw my dad. "All right, Charlie you want the usual?" She asked looking at my dad right as we sat down. "No thanks, Linda, this time I'm going to read the menu." My dad told her. "I'll tell Bob to stop grating the Colby Jack." She said turning away from us with a wink. We opened our menus, "I think I want a spinach anchovy with the garlic bread crust, does anyone want to share." Prissy said. "No, that sounds disgusting Pea, I know what Peach want's though," My dad announced to the table. "She wants a green pepper pizza with the garlic bread crust!" He looked at me hopefully. I blushed, my blotchy pink blush. "Yeah. That's exactly what I want." "See, she has good taste." My dad told Prissy pointedly who scrunched up her nose and stuck her tongue out at him. "All right, Love Birds. What'll it be?" Linda asked when she returned. "Lin, Me and Peaches, here, will have medium green pepper pizza with the garlic bread crust you always boast about." My dad told Mrs. Filippelli. "And I'll have my usual." Prissy told her smiling. "And to drink?" Mrs. Filippelli asked. "Since it is Peaches birthday," my dad slipped in none to casually, "I'll take a Coors Lite. Priscilla will have a white wine, and Peaches will have a Coke with lite ice please and thank you." He handed Mrs. Filippelli our menus. "Oh, Happy Birthday Peaches!" Mrs. Filippelli told me. I blushed all blotchy all over again. "I'll let Bob know." She told my dad and walked away. What the hell kind of secret… My watch beeped twice… Six fifty-six. I put the bag on the red checkered table cloth. "Six fifty-six?" My dad asked. I nodded, pulling the white tissue paper out of the way to the small case. I pulled the tissue paper covered case out of the bag. It was haphazardly wrapped with tape, my mom must have redone it after they cleared us through airport security. I ripped the paper away and… Thelma and Louise . The DVD. I pulled the card out. Open January 6 at 6:56 PM no earlier no later the envelope read. I opened the card: " On this day, and at this time I gave birth to a baby girl. 6 pounds 6 ounces. We watch this movie every birthday after dinner, now you have your own copy. Tell Charlie he has to watch it. Love Mom and Steve." I read aloud. "So we're Thelma and Louse-ing it tonight." Prissy said, "I'll make the popcorn." "Really?" "Yeah, it's your birthday, and I don't have to work." I gingerly placed the DVD back in the bag. At that moment the piping hot pizza and drinks we placed at our table. The green peppers on the pizza had been arranged to say 'HAPPY BDAY' and I blushed all over again. … It was 11:30 when I finally went to bed, we stayed at Filippeli's until seven forty-five, then at eight we arrived back home, at eight fifteen (I finally remembered to call my mom who talked to me in her honey voice), we settled into the couch with popcorn to watch Themla and Louise . The movie ending around ten fifteen. Then Prissy went to sleep (in my dad's room, yuck!), then my dad and I watched part of a documentary about the ancient Sumerian's Enheduanna (scientists think she's the first author in history! How cool is that!), and then I started yawning even though I liked the subject so my dad said "Enheduanna go to bed?" because he's a dad and has to make puns out of everything. So I went up to my room, moved the suitcases from my bed to the floor. Grabbed my toothbrush and paste for my carry-on bag and went to my separate bathroom. My dad's house was two and a half baths. One powder room by the kitchen, one adjoining master bath and my bathroom to the left and down the hall a little bit. I brushed my teeth, went back to my room. Where I feel asleep as soon as I hit the pillow. … First chapter down. Let me know what you think. This is a no Bella story because I don't think I can add depth to a character who doesn't really have any depth. She's already been written down in great detail so I can't really add my own spice without reworking cannon so I took her out. That acknowledged Miri is supposed to take her place. So it's technically a Bella/Edward. Also there are no real/really good Edward/OC stories out there so I thought I'd make my own. I also decided I wanted to add depth to the Swan Parents. Charlie should and is way more than a cop/dad who drinks beer at home, and I think that Bella's reason for leaving her mom was weak and that Smeyer couldn't think of a good reason. It's 2am, I have work in the morning. I'll explain more in the next chapter, like why Miri is called Peach (and variations of) and why I think she's a better protagonist than Bella (this is an opinion everyone is entitled to one) PS. Semper Findelis means: Always Faithful. It's not in my words you may know profile because it's the title and I find that pushy and weird, I might add it though.