my neck… how did I not know the effect he would have on me. Never before have such simple touches sent desire through me at such an overwhelming rate. Savor. I must savor every second of this precious little time that we have left. "Uh- huh. And then I was single for a while but you were already with Peter… I wanted you so badly back then, but you seemed so happy with him…" He moves to lie on top of me and the feel of his erection against mine almost does me in. But his words ground me, surprising me. My mind reels at what he's just admitted. "Wh-what?" "Mm-hmmnnn… so much. And by the time you two broke up I was with Carlilse…" "Ah… yes. Your fling with Professor Cullen." "If you want to call a year and a half a fling, but okay…" "And then we've been so swamped at school…" "Oh god, yes we have." He chuckles against my neck, sending waves of arousal throughout my body. Everything he does turns me on so damned much. "We've just been lucky to pick up a twink every now and again at the club, haven't we?" Oh yes... The twinks. Edward's twinks. God, I've watched him dance with so many boys over the years and take quite a few of them home. Could I have been jealous that entire time without even realizing it? I was doing it myself, just not nearly as often. "I think I always wanted to, but the fact that we're both tops…" his words become muffled as his mouth latches on to my nipple, my incredibly sensitive nipple. "Yeah, there was that." "But you didn't seem to want to top last night when you were begging for me, did you?" I love him cocky like this. So sexy and confident. "No… no, I didn't, did I?" "And you seemed to like it. Dare I say love it?" "Yes… oh yes, I loved it very much. Uhhh… obviously." And I had loved the way he filled me, finally as he had the nameless many before me. I'd always loved being a top, but maybe, just maybe I was saving my bottom for Edward. He continues down my body to my awaiting swollen cock. So needy for his mouth, he knows. Our conversation comes to an end as he takes me in his mouth, for the last time. The taxi is here. I watch Edward place his bags in its trunk. The time has come to say goodbye. Saying goodbye to my best friend was going to be hard enough. But this? This is different. This is saying goodbye to the love of my life. The all-of-a-sudden, can't-live-without-him-but-have-to love of my life. How do I let him go? Edward turns toward me as the driver closes the trunk, the mid-morning sun setting his fiery hair aglow with every color of red and brown imaginable. Yet the radiance in his eyes draws my attention. Sparkling green holds me to my spot on the front porch of our brick apartment building, boring into me as he joins me beside the wrought iron railing of which I cling to for dear life. I have to let him go. I know this. But this may be the hardest thing I've ever done. Not begging him to stay. Not dragging him back inside with me, convincing him of how happy we could be. I care for him too much to be that selfish. I must do this. I must watch him leave. I must send him off with a smile on my face. His lips are on mine as we cling to each other. I open up to him. Open my mouth for his tongue to tangle with mine. Open my heart to show him and anyone else who happens by how very much he means to me. There are no words to say goodbye so we don't say it. Before I'm ready he's walking toward the taxi, opening the door, turning one more time for one last glance. But instead of disappearing inside the cab, he walks back to me, stopping just below me on the other side of the railing, reaching for my hands and holding them to his face. He's desperate. He's wavering. This is my chance to keep him. But I can't. I love him. Yes… I do. I love him. So much. And he deserves to follow his dreams. He deserves so much more than staying behind for me. So I smile. And I force this painful smile to reach my eyes. I lie to him. I show him I'll be okay. That this is right and natural and fine. And I tell him with simple words. "It'll be okay, Edward. This isn't goodbye forever, only goodbye for now." He clings to me and searches my soul for truth in my words. And he finds what he needs; he believes. With one last lingering kiss to the top of my hand he lets go. He lets me go and is gone in that stupid fucking yellow car, around the corner, before I know what's happened. He's gone. So I run the other way. Away from the man I need and love, that I can't have. Toward an uncertain life without him. Oh my. No, I won't leave them in love and separated! Of course not! But how can they make it back to one another? Hmmmnnn? So… I will be adding a couple more chapters for these boys. But first I will finally get the next chapter of In the Corner finished, I promise. Those of you who read it know that it is mostly from Jasper's pov and this next chapter is from Edward's pov while he's in Chicago. And this Edward is a quiet fellow when it comes to talking to me. But I hear him and he's telling me he misses Jasper and to get writing so they can be together! Okay!