the little box flying out of my hands and sending my clay heart bouncing to the ground and shattering into tiny pieces all over the subway platform. Cute-stranger-from-the-train drops to his knees and starts gathering the pieces up. I just stand there, stock-still, mouth agape, still wondering what on earth just happened. I'm standing here on the subway platform, with a cute guy on his knees before me, with my heart literally smashed into hundreds of little fragments all over the ground. And he's gathering them all up. It takes me a minute to register that he seems to be addressing me. "Shit, I'm so sorry, I almost knocked you over." I shake my head, because, what ? Did he miss the rude guy that almost knocked us both over? Suddenly feeling a little redundant, I drop to my knees with him and start gathering the remains of the heart. "Really, it's fine, that asshole was clearly in a rush and we were in the way." I lift one shoulder in a half-shrug and give him a small smile. He doesn't return my smile and I feel a little dejected. His eyebrows knit together in a deep frown and he looks down at the pieces of clay in his hand. "Your heart. It's ruined. I don't know if this can be put back together." He shakes his head. My eyes sting and I blink quickly, standing up and looking anywhere but him. The tears come easily and I blink them back, wiping my face with my sleeve. He has no idea how true his words are. He clears his throat and stands up. I make a show of fumbling through my purse, pretending to look for something, anything, so that I don't have to meet his eyes. "Umm... it's Bella, right?" All the air leaves my lungs in one quick breath. The busy subway platform fades away, the hustle and bustle of people moving around us becomes nothing more than a buzz in the background; it's like he and I are the only ones here. "How do you know my name?" He bites his lip and looks a little sheepish, and it's kind of adorable on him. He scratches the back of his neck and stumbles around his answer. "I... uh... I'm in this class with you." He pulls his backpack off his shoulder and unzips it, hoking around for something inside. He pulls out a bright, red, shiny, perfect heart. And my own heart flutters in my chest. Butterflies that have been sleeping for years come alive in my stomach and my skin feels tingly all over. The air around us pops and sparks with anticipation, like a cork flying off a champagne bottle. How did I not know that the guy I've been admiring on the train for weeks is also in my art class? "Your heart's really beautiful," I say, referring not only to the one in his hand, but also to the one that I'm sure beats strong inside his chest. Somehow, I just know this man has a beautiful heart. "Thanks." He smiles, and the butterflies in my belly do a little dance. He's so gorgeous. "Umm... my name's Edward." Edward. "It's so nice to meet you, Edward." I hold my hand out to him. "And yes, it's Bella." He grins and shakes my hand hard. He squeezes my hand and steps a little closer. "I really liked the sculpture part of the class. If you like, Bella, I could help you make a new heart." I return his grin. "I'd really like that." I didn't think it was possible, but he smiles a little wider and my heart beats a little faster. "Umm... would you like to go get a cup of coffee?" I'm more than a little shocked, and I feel like the bubble around has suddenly popped. I drop his hand, feeling exposed. "I have a kid," I blurt, suddenly feeling nervous. I mean, this guy is cute and all, and as much as I've been dying to talk to him, the reality of him asking me out to coffee has my internal defense mode kicking in. What if he's just after one thing? What if he's married or has a girlfriend? What if he's a serial cheater? He's given me no reason to think that way, yet it's ingrained in me after what I've been through. I figure, if he's the type that's just looking for a good time, maybe the knowledge that I have a child will send him packing. Much to my surprise, his smile doesn't fade, and he actually laughs a little, rubbing the back of his neck again. "Well, would your kid like to come for coffee, too?" My jaw hits the floor at his response. Not literally, of course, but you know what I mean. I was not expecting that. "No, it's just, I figure you'd want to know that, you know." I know that my face is like a tomato right now and I suddenly have a keen interest in his shoes. The very last thing I expect is his hands on my face. His thumb and forefinger touch my chin and gently pull my face away from the ground. I can't avoid his eyes. They are intense as he levels his gaze with mine. My whole body is on fire from his touch. "It's just a cup of coffee, Bella. Unless you have to be back?" When my mom texted me she said Sam was having a nap, and I know she doesn't have to be anywhere, so I figure I can spare half an hour. "I've got a little time." "Yeah?" He grins. "Yeah. Although, I prefer tea." T houghts so far? Part two will be up later today. I'd love to know what you think. In the meantime, you should listen to "Break Even" by the Script - the song that inspired the title, and parts of the story. See ya later!