no. None of this is your fault. You didn't know any better and if anyone expected otherwise, that's on them. You didn't do anything to make him angry. He prolly gonna be a little pissed at ya momma over it, but not you, not when you was just doing as ya was told." When the child just kept getting more upset, Peter decided to take her out into the lit up grounds. Yeah, it was night time but the moon was full and the stars were out so she would be able to actually see what was around her. After he was out of the brig, Peter took her over to a crop of trees that was on the far side of the camp and jumped up onto a low lying branch, setting her on a higher branch so she was eye level with him. Once she was sitting down, he wrapped an arm around her back to keep her from falling and draped the other across her thighs. Once they were situated, he forced her to look him in the eyes and cocked a brow, "I'm gonna ask you a question and I want you to really think about the answer before ya say a word, alright?" When she nodded, Peter was as blunt as he could be with a toddler, "who do you think your daddy cares more about; you or your momma?" That was an easy one, she already knew that without thinking about it, "me." Peter nodded and went a little further with that, "if he had the pick of which one of ya made it out of that house, who would be; you or your momma?" She knew that one too, "me." Nodding again, Peter went for the big one, "had something happened to you while your momma wasn't there, what do you think your daddy would have done?" Peter already knew that answer and it was not a pretty sight. It would have made what was actually done to her look like a kindergartener's finger painting being compared to the Sistine Chapel. Peter had heard the account of the human's last moments and her orders to the child to run and find her daddy but something about it, if you pair it with the child's current feelings that she was unwanted, that didn't sit well with him. Something about it wasn't adding up. There was a piece of the puzzle missing somewhere but until the recon team arrived, that piece was just gonna have to stay missing. Refocusing on the doll baby when he heard her sniffle again, Peter sighed quietly. It hadn't been his intention to upset her anymore than she was, but she had to be made to understand that there was literally no other outcome than her mother's death once she was discovered but in a way that she would see that it wasn't her fault it happened. Had something happened to the baby when she was alone, Jasper would have tortured that woman for decades before he finally allowed her to die and chances were, he would have fed her to a bunch of newborns that don't know to kill before ripping apart yet. Lifting the arm that was across Jade's thighs, Peter crooked a finger under her chin and lifted her head up. Eyes turning to liquid at the sight of the girl's tears, he clicked his tongue once before giving her a tender look, "I know you're upset, Sugar, but this was gonna happen eventually and there was nothing that was gonna stop it. It has nothing to do with you either. It has to do with her knowing shit she wasn't allowed to know. Your Daddy didn't want noone knowing about you because he didn't want you to get hurt by people that he pissed off over the years. Your momma was breaking a law, you weren't. What happened the other day wasn't in any way your fault, ya hear?" Taking a shuddering breath as she wiped her forearm across her eyes, Jade nodded a little. Sniffling again, she licked her lips a little, voice soft and hardy there at all, "What's gonna happen now?" Dropping his arm to hang off the branch the little one was sitting on, Peter sighed hard and shook his head, but instead of answering her, his was knocked off balance when she shrieked and dove into his chest, sending them both towards the ground. Wrapping his arms tightly around the tiny body, Peter kicked his legs up, flipping them back so that he landed on his feet. Crouching down upon landing so as to not jostle the Major's daughter and possibly hurt her in the process, growling with a dark glare on his face, he narrowed his eyes at the subordinate that just scared the shit out of the already terrified child as he began to scratch at her scalp and snapped, "What?" Mitchell, a ten year vet of the camp that should have known better than doing what he just did, gulped a little in the face of the Captain's anger but at the same time was thankful it was the captain and not the Major. Clearing his throat a little, "Call from Recon, Captain." Snorting out of huffed growl as he stood, Peter readjusted his grip in the doll baby in his arms so he had a free hand to smack Mitch upside the head as he was walking by him, voice colored in annoyance, "Fucking dipshit." While Mitchell was rubbing the back of his head as he followed behind Peter, both adults looked down at the little girl when they heard a giggle. Grinning wide, Peter chuckled as he ruffled her hair a little, "You are your Daddy's Baby, aren't ya, Little Lady?" Chuckling a little more when she just giggled again, he shook his head, continuing on his way to the communication cabin to take the call that the Major was a little too busy to take.