glance to her for just a second, and Bella wondered if she'd noticed Sam's gaze constantly watching her. "He told you he wants to see other people. You should, too." "And who would you have me date?" Leah snapped. "I don't know," Kim said, an annoyed edge creeping into her tone. "Collin? He's single." "He's also sixteen." "Your point being?" Kim looked over to Bella. "Can you go grab my purse out in the yard? My hands are . . . well" – she held her hands up, showing Bella the icing that covered them – "a little messy. My cell phone is in there, and my mom doesn't know Jared brought me here, so I'm expecting a call when she gets home from work." She nodded, realizing that they really didn't need her for anything else. Besides, it was awkward for Bella to listen to their conversation while just standing there in the middle of Jacob's kitchen. She pushed the screen door out of the way and stepped into the yard. The heads of all nine men whipped in her direction, eyes angry and shoulders tense. Bella stopped dead, realizing that she'd probably just interrupted a very important and private conversation. She met Sam's gaze and his eyes softened. "Bella," he called, "what do you need?" "J-just . . ." Her voice failed. "Just Kim's . . . purse." Oh wow , did that sound stupid. Bella almost grimaced at herself, but withheld it. Jared sat up straighter. "Is she okay?" "Yes," Bella said, and explained Kim's situation. Jared nodded and settled back down. Bella stumbled over to the tree the couple had been perched under just ten minutes before and bent to snatch the denim bag from the grass. Straightening, she stood and spun to return it to its owner, and once again, her gaze was met with the dark, serious . . . sexy eyes of Sam Uley. Only now, taking his image in and remembering Leah's obvious interest in him, this gaze did not make Bella uncomfortable. He was an attractive man – any girl could see that in his toned arms, well-defined chest and abdominals, and hair that seemed to have been made messy on purpose. Bella's eyes swooped over him and then retreated to his face before she let them travel any lower. Only Sam's eyes had shifted from her face to the rest of her body. Oh my God. Is he . . . is he checking me out? She blushed. She didn't know exactly how long they stood there staring at each other. The only thing she could think about was the way his fingers seemed to tighten around his forearms while his throat wiggled with a swallow. She wrapped the strap of Kim's purse around her index finger nervously, feeling her heart rate increase and her hands begin to shake. She'd never had this reaction to a man before – she'd never been this nervous to be around someone. She'd never felt so . . . attracted to someone. But most of all, she'd never felt as beautiful as Sam Uley's stare made her feel. And that installed a new fear inside her. Someone at the picnic table cleared his throat. Sam looked away from her, towards the boy who'd broken the comfortable silence. Well, comfortable for the two of them. Probably not for the teenage boys watching them. Sam's face morphed quickly from gentle to angry as he glared down at Jacob. Bella blushed, embarrassed that she'd forgotten where she was. There she stood in Jacob's yard, her best friend, who had invited her there to spend time with him, and she was more focused on someone else. She was ashamed of herself, upset that she'd let Sam weasel his way into her mind. Bella found her feet again and quickly reentered the house. She hadn't missed much – the cupcakes were being decorated with two things that Bella was sure hadn't been Leah Clearwater's ideas: purple icing and rainbow sprinkles. Kim looked up from her work and smiled. "Thanks so much. I hope they didn't give you a hard time." Bella grinned back, pleased to have made some sort of friend during Jacob's outing. That's what she'd come for, right? To spend time with Jacob and meet the other people he spent his time with. Well, there. Done. Now perhaps he would give it a rest with the constant invitations down to the Reservation. Bella sighed. She wasn't fooling herself. She knew that she would jump at the next time Jacob asked her to join them in some sort of outing. Now she had something to prove – to him, to Sam . . . to herself. She would not let him distract her from the goals she'd set for herself – high school, college, life of her own. In that order. And "super-hot boyfriend with a body like the Greek god Zeus and the personality of a rock" was not included in that plan until after she got the life she'd always dreamed of. She glanced out the window once more at the clan that had gathered. They all sat more relaxed now, lightly tapping on the table with calloused hands and chatting loudly. Sam's stance, too, had relaxed. Now he nodded along to something Paul was saying, but – as he had before – he looked up as if he felt her gaze on him. He did not smile, but something in his eyes changed – lightened, warmed. Bella's heart fluttered. Alright, Sam Uley, she thought. Challenge accepted. Thank you for reading. Please leave me a review. My favorite thing is to have my readers copy and paste their favorite line from the chapter. Please tell me what you think! If you'd like to see more, tell me so. If you hated it, then don't continue reading. I will base my decision about continuing this story off of the response I receive. Until next time! ~Sparkling Amethyst