David Bowie had no room in her life— but remained silent on the matter. "I will leave the flight information in the apartment, as well as the plans that he'd already made with the previous coordinator. Good day to you." Victoria quickly walked away. Bella shoved the key into her pocket and went the opposite way. "Rose, I need to borrow your suitcase for an indefinite amount of time." "Um…" "It's about this job." "You don't take undercover jobs, babe." "This one is different. Can I borrow it or not?" "Yeah, sure." Rose got up off the couch and went to the front closet to find her suitcase. It was, like most everything that Rose owned, Barbie-doll pink and covered with a wide array of decals from the places that Rose's jobs had taken her over her career as an assassin. "Where are you headed, anyway?" "Somewhere in Upper East Side." "Fancy. Want to borrow some of my things?" "Thanks, but as soon as I take some of my things over there, I'm going to go on a quick shopping spree," Bella said. "Lucky. I wish more of my jobs required me to go on shopping sprees so that I could fit into Upper East Side social life." "Maybe if you started accepting more jobs in the first place…" Bella said as she vanished into her bedroom with Rose's suitcase. She tossed the suitcase onto the bed, and then picked up the magazine— she'd burnt the insert with Victoria's latest number over the stove before she left, even though she knew that within the week, Victoria would have a new number anyway. The front cover boasted "Exclusive Interview with Edward Cullen!" Bella didn't know much about Edward, but wondered why he'd demean himself to a shitty magazine like Us. The only reason she could think of was that they'd somehow offered him the most money. Bella sat on the floor under her window and flipped to the interview in question. The interview started off by asking Edward about the home that he'd just bought in a suburb of London. Bella honestly couldn't care less about the square footage of the stupid place, how much it cost, and how close it was to things. And she didn't think that this part was what Victoria had been talking about when she'd asked Bella to read the interview. She skimmed the article until the reporter asked: AW: And what about the women in your life? EC: You mean my mom or my sister? AW: Well, yes, but I'm talking about asking for all of the ladies who will read this article. EC: Oh. Yes, that. I'm still not seeing anybody since my break-up with Tanya last year. AW: And why's that? Are you still not over her? EC: It's a lot more complicated than me being over somebody or not. For the sake of Tanya's privacy, I'm not going to answer that. It will remain between the two of us. AW: I see. But let's just say that you were to meet the perfect woman, let's just say, tomorrow. What would she look like? EC: I'm not entirely certain about that? I mean, I can't say that I've honestly thought about it. I think that she'd be a brunette, though. AW: And while you haven't given much though on her physical appearance, surely you've thought about the type of woman that you're looking for? EC: Yeah, probably. I know that people think of me as this who-cares party-boy, but that isn't all of what makes me… me. Bella snorted at that. It sounded like this guy got his life philosophy from a book he bought at the dollar store. EC: So while the fun, pretty, party girls are nice, it's not who I'm looking for. Besides, I'm not so sure that any of those girls are the long-term relationship type girls, you know? I want a girl who's interested in classical music, to sit with me through a ballet without once checking her phone, who will just curl up next to me on a rainy Saturday afternoon with a cup of tea and a good book. EC: At the insistence of my father, I've been playing the piano since I was five years old. I want somebody who understands the background that I've had, and wants me for just more than my money. Somebody who looks at me and sees somebody more than just the rich, famous party-boy. "If any of that is actually true, Mr. Cullen, I will gladly eat my hat," Bella muttered under her breath as she flipped to the next page. There was a full-page spread of pictures, continued from the photo shoot that they'd used for the front cover, but with the backgrounds still in tact. One of Edward sulking by a lounger by a pool, another of Edward sulking with his jacket thrown over his shoulder oh-so-casually by a post on the porch. "Honestly, doesn't this guy have any other facial expressions other than 'my mom just took away my favorite toy'?" But still. There was probably some truth to the interview, or Victoria wouldn't have asked for Bella to read it as research for the roll that she'd be stepping in to. Or at least, so Victoria thought. Huffing with annoyance, Bella tossed the magazine aside and started to throw her favorite clothes into the suitcase. She had a new apartment to look over and new things to buy. Thank you very much for reading; I hope that you enjoyed it. This was looked over briefly by lady_vyxen, but if you spotted any errors, please let me know. And a big thank you to lady_vyxen for looking this over and for helping me to bounce ideas around. I don't think that I would have gotten up enough inspiration to start up this project again, let alone to get it to the point where I wanted to put it up online, if it wasn't for you. :)