gorgeous face and I'm desperately holding the tears back. After years of dreaming about him, after today, I am never going to see him again and the thought is unbearable. However clichéd it sounds, when I'm with Edward, I feel completely alive. I can't even begin to comprehend what life is going to be like without seeing him or talking to him everyday. The thought of a life without him, even just as a friend, fills me with despair. I give him one last smile and turn to go. But before I've even taken a step, he grabs my wrist and pulls me towards him. "Edward what-" but before I can even finish, his perfect lips are on mine. A shot of electricity goes through my body when his lips touch mine and I almost faint. I can't believe this is happening. I've dreamt of this moment every night for four, long years and I had finally accepted that it was just a fantasy that was never going to come true. But after years of waiting, it's finally happening. Edward Cullen is kissing me. And he is my first kiss, just like I'd hoped he would be, and it's absolutely perfect. I move my lips over his and gasp when his hands slowly slide down my body to my waist. He takes the chance and his tongue meets mine and I moan softly. The kiss that had first started out slow and sweet soon becomes desperate and passionate. I pour all my repressed feelings of longing and frustration into the kiss. I wrap an arm around his neck and his lips devour mine with an urgency that makes my heart ache. His hands slowly slide up my body and one slides into my hair while the other entwines with mine. Finally, after years of dreaming about it, I run my free hand through his soft, silky locks and sigh in contentment. I soon break away, gasping for breath. He groans and pushes me up against his locker. He is panting, his hair is a mess and his eyes are wild. "God, Bella. You will be the death of me. What are you doing to me?" He starts kissing my neck and works his way down to my collarbone. He places tiny kisses there and I moan again. "You can't just leave me and go off to LA. Not after this. Not after you told me everything. Not after this kiss. I can't lose you. I lost you once, I can't lose you again." His forehead rests against mine and his dark, green eyes stare deeply into mine. "What are you saying? I don't understand." I say. He sighs and says," What I'm trying to say is that I'm an utter fool. I can't believe I started dating Tanya" he spits out her name and I crack a small smile, "just because I was too scared of the effect you had on me." My eyebrows shoot up into my hairline and I look at him with wide eyes. "You mean…?" I leave the question hanging. "When I saw you in that black dress at the party I was filled with this uncontrollable urge to just pick you up, take you to some dark corner and kiss you senseless. But I was scared too, because I had never felt this intensely for anyone. I was confused, I didn't know what all these feelings meant and looking back, I realize I was an utter coward. When you went to the bathroom, Tanya came up to me and I kissed her just to get you out of my head. But the entire time I wished it were you instead. And then you saw me kissing her and the look on your face…it still haunts me. You looked so hurt and disappointed and I felt so ashamed of myself for being the cause of your pain. Kissing Tanya that day is the worst mistake of my life and I regret it every single day. After that day, Tanya immediately thought we were dating. I tried to tell her so many times that it was just a kiss and nothing else, but she just didn't get it. And after some time, I got tired of explaining things to her and just went it. I am such an idiot. I can't believe we wasted all these years just dancing around each other. If I had just manned up and accepted my feelings for you, we would never be in this situation. I am so sorry Bella." I am stunned. Edward just accepted that he has feelings for me. And even though I'm really mad and disappointed that he wasted an entire year with Tanya when we could have been together, just the fact that he feels the same way about me brings a huge smile to my face. I can't waste any more time; we've already wasted too much and pull his face down to mine and capture his lips in another passionate kiss. I'll yell at him later and will sure as hell make him grovel for making me wait for so long, but right now the feeling of his lips moving so desperately with mine is just pure bliss. "God Bella, I'm never letting you go now. Not ever." He murmurs against my lips. I sigh in absolute contentment and wrap my arms tightly around his neck. "Then don't." I say. I know we still have a lot to figure out but I am ready. Because this time it's different. This time we're both on the same page. This time we are completely sure about our feelings for each other. This time, it's perfect. I am finally ready to start my new life, this time with Edward Cullen at my side. A/N: Thank you for reading! Also, if you liked this short story, I've written another story with my friend called The Ultimate Plan. Give it a try! And if you like it, please R&R!