you the consequences of rebellion?" "No Aro, we understand," Carlisle answered with a sidelong glance at his son. Still, in light of the tense anger that radiated from the young mind reader, Aro chose to address him directly. "Young Edward?" He watched as the vampire's fists clenched before he finally answered, his tone laced with resentment. "I understand and will comply," he spat. The next second, he was grabbed at the back of his neck and forced to his knees. "Kneel and speak with respect when you address the Kings boy," Felix hissed quietly, ending with a tiny shove. Edward recovered quickly and bowed his head. "I apologize my King. I…meant no disrespect." Aro's eyes sparkled with amusement as he regarded the mind reader for a moment. "Your apology is accepted. See that it's unnecessary in the future. Toward that end, you will be under the care and training of Felix and Demetri for the foreseeable future. See that you obey them." Edward merely nodded until he felt a sharp slap to the back of his head. "Use your words, boy!" Demetri admonished and Edward barely stifled a growl as he responded. "Yes, Master Aro." Aro smiled and looked at the rest of their 'guests'. "Splendid! Well, I believe our business is concluded then. Felix, Demetri, show our new additions to their quarters. They'll be residing in the mid-rank guard's wing with the exceptions of the Major and his mate. They will reside in the Elite wing with the rest of Marcus' guard." Both Felix and Demetri bowed and led the group from the throne room leaving the three Kings with one terrified human girl standing in the center of the room, still quite wet and shivering from her earlier jaunt through the fountain. She startled when Caius shot to his feet. "I trust this ridiculousness is over?" he snapped while staring balefully at Aro who smiled indulgently. "Yes, of course little brother and thank you for your long suffering patience." He grinned as Caius whirled and left, still grumbling out his displeasure as he stalked from the room. Marcus sighed and rose from his throne. "I don't know why you insist on baiting him so, Aro." Aro stood and clasped his hands under his chin as he grinned. "Because he's so entertaining! I just can't resist," he enthused as he spun toward the door with a wave. "Have fun with your new plaything!" he called back over his shoulder as he disappeared through a doorway behind the thrones. Marcus stared darkly at where his brother had vanished before turning toward the girl. "Come along. It's time to see to you before you drop dead of cold and fright." He turned and began walking and Bella had to jog to catch up before he made it through the door. As they walked through the maze of torch-lit hallways, Bella took time to study the vampire whom she was pretty certain had just saved her from death. He was tall, at least 6' and the fine cut of the inky black suit he wore showed off his body to perfection. From what she could see as she hurried behind him, there was nothing boyish about him, despite his apparent youth at the time he was turned; she would guess his human age to be no more than 20. The sudden sound of his voice startled her from her thoughts and she nearly stumbled as he regarded her as he walked. "I'm sorry," she muttered. "What did you say?" "I said that you've been very quiet. In my experience, most humans are very vocal in a situation such as this; demanding, begging, questioning…and yet, you have said nothing." She stared down at her feet. "I'm not most humans…" she mumbled. Not feeling compelled to say more, she fell silent. He chuckled darkly while staring straight ahead. "Quite so, as most humans would have pissed themselves by now." Her brow creased and she glanced at his profile. He was darkly handsome with wavy black hair that swept back from his face, the length of it just brushing the bottom of his fine silk collar. She wondered just how old he was. Edward had explained who the Volturi were, barely touching upon their history and Carlisle's association with them; needless to say, he hadn't told her much. At the thought of Edward, fresh pain lanced through her and tears misted her eyes when she thought on what had been revealed earlier in the throne room. She'd been right; Edward really hadn't loved her and despite the many months he'd been gone, it still hurt to think of it. Marcus must have sensed the change in her somehow because he looked back at her. "We are almost to my quarters. There, you will bathe and change. I will order food for you and you will eat." She looked up at him. "What else?" His brows drew together and he looked back at her. "What do you mean?" Carefully watching her feet as they turned into another hallway, she chose her words carefully, trying to avoid upsetting this unknown, stoic vampire. "I mean, what's to happen to me?" "Ah," he said with a low laugh. "So now the questions begin…" Regarding her with something akin to amusement, he continued. "You are mine," he informed her flatly. "You will be educated in our ways, our history, our laws and your place in our society. If you please me, I will change you." She frowned as she gave voice to a question she wasn't entirely sure she wanted the answer to. Still, she asked it. "And if I don't…please you?" He stopped and opened an intricately carved set of doors and gestured inside. Stepping in after her, he closed the door before answering, his eyes glittering darkly as a half smile curved his lips. "If you do not please me," he drawled while caressing the apple of her cheek. "…then you die." Your thoughts? 'Till next time, ~Spudz