with Ryan, but everything was crumbling beneath me. Everything I had done for my son since I made the choice to raise him by myself was being compromised. When we got to the mall, I decided that I was going to put everything aside until that night when Edwar showed up. If he showed up. When we finished at the mall, I drove Emily back to campus so she could get her car and headed back to the apartment with Ryan. I set him up with an episode of Daniel Tiger so I could make dinner, but I was so distracted I ended up burning the chicken. I had to settle for some grilled cheese sandwiches and carrot sticks so I could get him bathed and in bed on time. Ryan had clearly forgotten about our encounter with Edward because he didn't end up asking me a million questions like I thought he would have. We read a few books, I sang him a few songs, and he was fast asleep by eight twenty. I kissed him one last time before leaving his room and going into my bedroom. I dug around under my bed and found the shoebox I kept under there. It wasn't something I pulled out very often, but a few months ago I found Ryan in my room with the box open in front of him. I didn't even understand how he'd gotten ahold of it since it was pushed so far back, but he had his little hands all over my pictures. I never thought he was looking that closely until today. I opened the box and teared up at the first picture laying on top. It was a picture of Edward and me at the top of the London Eye. I was terrified of heights, but he managed to talk me into going on the huge Ferris wheel. I was shaking as we got higher, but he held me close to him and made me feel completely safe. He calmed me down enough so that we could actually take this picture and once he took the picture, I started to freak out again. Edward and I had met while I was studying abroad my junior year of college. I had always wanted to go to Europe and study and experience something new and I was able to do that second semester of my junior year of college. I was so eager and ready to get out of the States, I never imagined my world being completely turned upside down like it had been when I met Edward. He was a few years older. He was the rebel of his family and decided to drop out of college when he was a sophomore. He claimed he was going to just go to Europe to find himself, but he ended up staying there. He found his love for cooking while living in London and ended up going to culinary school. He was working at a fancy restaurant while playing guitar for the band that had formed in the years he'd lived there. He was living the dream. When we met, I thought he was an arrogant, rich kid who was living off of daddy's money. We somehow continued to bump into each other until a drunken night at a bar turned into sleeping together. After that night, we could barely keep our hands off of each other. We promised that what was happening was only going to be a fling since I would be going back to New York at the beginning of May. At first, it was a good deal but as time went on, I started to develop feelings for him. I knew he was feeling the same thing. I saw the way he looked at me when he thought I wasn't looking and by the end, we spent a lot less time having sex. We actually went on dates and he bought me flowers a few times. You didn't go on dates and buy flowers for a girl if you were just sleeping together. But, when May came, we needed to end things. As hard as it was to say goodbye, it was for the best. He had his life in England and I had dreams to fulfill in the US. I begged him to come with me, but he pointed out that it wouldn't work out. He reminded me that along the road, we'd probably grow to resent each other. He had a point. We were different people. Very different people. He didn't want to hold me back. I didn't want to push him to do more with his life. I cried for months when I got home. I didn't want to see or talk to anyone. Even though he was right when I left him in the airport, it didn't make it hurt any less. I had a broken heart and no one could do anything for me. Then I found out I was pregnant. I tried to get into contact with him. But, when I called him after I'd calmed down enough to form a coherent thought, his number had been disconnected. I decided to send him a letter, but I got the letter back a few weeks later telling me that he no longer lived at that address. I was hysterical. I was pregnant with his kid and had no way of telling him. I didn't want to raise the baby by myself, but I didn't have a choice. Edward had disappeared. I hadn't even realized how long I'd been sorting through the box when there was a soft knock on the front door. I put the box back under my bed and headed to answer the door. When I opened it, my heart lurched. He was still as beautiful as ever and suddenly, I was twenty years old again. "Hi," I whispered, licking my lips. "Ready to talk?" He asked and I stepped aside to let him inside.