Alec's hand while taking hold of a shell shocked Bella's arm with the other and together they departed the throne room. Aro sighed in satisfaction as he surveyed his domain which was quiet once again. That was until he heard an impatient huff from the throne to his left. "I don't understand why you didn't just kill them all Aro. It would have been done and over with hours ago, for all the gods and deities sakes! "Oh Caius! Where would be the fun in that? Now we have a newborn and three new pairings to observe. So exciting!" Caius rose from his throne. "Well I just thank the gods that I am undead Aro because if I weren't my ass would be suffering from a serious lack of blood flow!" He growled out. Aro merely grinned widely at him. He was just about to exit through the door behind their thrones when a group burst into the room, followed by an anxious looking Giana. Rolling his eyes heavenward, he slumped back into his seat, propping his head on his hand. He should have known, given Carlisle's soft hearted benevolence that he would rally the rest of his coven and charge in to try to save the day, peacefully of course. He glanced at Aro's giddy visage and lamented ever seeing the outside of this room any time soon. He growled at the thought, and directed a gaze that could slice diamonds at the newcomers. Now…..now he was pissed off. Before this, he had been merely annoyed. Aro hopped up, wide smile in place. To him, this day was getting better and better. "Carlisle, old friend! How wonderful to see you! What can I do for you?" Carlisle looked worried, especially as he cast a quick glance at a subdued Edward kneeling at Marcus' side. "I do believe you have a very good idea why I am here Aro. I am worried for my family. I see Edward, but Alice also traveled here along with a human girl. I smell their scents so I know they were here. Are they safe old friend? I would hope that we have enough respect between us that you would take that into consideration and not destroy them outright, especially without contacting me first. I would like to make amends in some way and then retrieve my family members." "Carlisle they are safe. You can see young Edward yourself, and the other two are with their new handlers. The girl is with Demetri and my beloved son Alec and will be turned tomorrow. Alice is with Felix where she shall remain. They shall be trained properly and will one day become part of our guard." "Aro, they are my family! Alice has a mate! Edward and Bella are mates! How can you even contemplate separating mates?!" Aro chuckled. "Carlisle, I do believe we have just found a major fault with the diet you maintain old friend. Your natural vampire instincts are suppressed into such a state of non-existence that you are unable to tell mates from mere human-like attachments. None of them are mates, and frankly, it makes me curious about the rest of your coven." Aro leaned over to confer with Marcus and while he did this, Caius growled in impatience, sweeping the rooms occupants with his malevolent gaze until his eyes locked on a honey blond vampire that made his eyes darken and a low purr erupt in his chest. He was a warrior, similar to Caius himself but underneath that, he could detect a gentle and emotional soul that longed for peace and protection. Caius felt his purr deepen at the thought of loving and protecting such a soul. He longed to wrap him in his arms and see him submit willingly and completely. Rising from his throne, he approached the beautiful honey blond noticing as he drew closer that he was several inches taller than him. When he reached him, he snaked an arm around the waist of the shorter vampire and nuzzled his neck, causing the vampire to gasp and then begin to purr as he tilted his head, granting full access to Caius. "You are perfect my young, gentle warrior. Pray tell, what is your name?" "Jasper, my King. My name is Jasper Whitlock." "Jasper", Caius murmured out against the soft skin of his new mate's neck. "You are mine and shall remain here by my side forevermore." Grasping Jasper's hand, Caius made his exit, nodding curtly to his brothers as he went. Aro smirked at Carlisle. "That, my friend, is a prime example of vampire mates. Curiously, it seems that congratulations are in order as you and your wife are indeed mates as are your two other children. You are all welcomed to stay with us and integrate yourselves into daily life here in the castle as long as you do not interfere with the newly forming bonds." ~o0o~ Carlisle was in shock, to say the least. Never in a million years would he have guessed that Jasper would be mated to Caius, but the more he thought about it the more it did make sense. They could relate to each other as warriors, but whereas Caius was rash and quick to anger with a red hot temper, Jasper was a calming and soothing personality; perfect for balancing out Caius' fire. He could only guess what Athenadora would do now that her husband had found his true mate. Perhaps she would stay with them as he knew that she and Caius were dear to each other, even though they knew they weren't true mates. He looked around the comfortable sitting room of the suite they had been given and sighed, hugging Esme to his side. Life as he'd known it had turned upside down in just two days time. Welcome to Volterra indeed. ~The End?~ You tell me. Review if you want to see more of this story. If not, it will remain as a one shot.