at Jasper as her husband began trailing hot, open mouthed kisses up her belly and to her breast which he cupped in a hand before sucking the nipple, his tongue circling the hardened bud as she threw her head back and moaned, "Fuck…so good…" He dragged his supple lips to the other breast and placed kisses there before trailing lower, his hands ghosting down her sides to grasp her hips as his tongue dipped into her folds to circle and flick against her clit. "Ung…god…yes, don't stop…" she breathed just as Jasper positioned himself behind her kneeling husband. She focused on the empath just as he gave his slick cock a tug before placing hot kisses on Edward's lithely muscled back while parting his ass cheeks with gentle fingers. She blinked and moaned, not only from what Edward's hot, velvet tongue was doing to her but from the excitement and anticipation of what she was about to witness. "So fucking sweet…always so sweet," Edward muttered before sucking her clit between his lips as he sank two long fingers into her tight heat. Her hips tilted and rolled as his curled fingers found her g-spot, his flicking, circling tongue never giving respite as his long, low groan vibrated through her center. "Oh, my god," she whispered as Edward's body began to rock from Jasper's initial thrusts. He was fucking her husband…and it was erotically beautiful… Burying both hands into Edward's hair, she gripped and pulled his face in closer, thanking god that he didn't need to breathe as Jasper's thrusts began to pick up in strength and speed. She looked down at Edward just as he moaned against her silky folds, his words slightly muffled as he muttered, "Oh fuck, Jas…yes, please…harder…fuck me harder…" She watched through lust hooded eyes as Jasper's lip curled, showing a razor sharp fang as he growled, "You want it harder? Then give me a good show. Lick her, Edward, and do a good job of it. I want to hear her scream; you hear? And she better come more than once. Finger her good, and suck that sweet little bud while I fuck and fill your tight, gorgeous ass." Edward moaned and glanced back over his shoulder. "Jas, please…" he begged before turning back to Bella to run his hot tongue from his buried, thrusting fingers to her clit. She hissed and writhed while glancing at the smirking empath who winked, his defined abs now flexing and rolling with every hard thrust. "You want it harder? Make her come," he said, gripping Edward's hips as he gave the moaning mind-reader a taste of what he begged for. Edward groaned, sucking hard on Bella's clit as he pressed and stroked her g-spot and she screamed as she shattered, her hands tugging his messy hair as her orgasm washed through her. "That's one," Jasper growled as his hips slapped against Edward's ass, the mind-reader now doing everything he could to push back against every stroke. He couldn't do much though with the firm hold Jasper had on his hips. "One more screamer to go, Edward. Come on, I know you can do it. I know what that talented mouth is capable of, remember?" "Bella's head rolled back from where it had dropped forward, her inner walls gripping her husband's plunging, curling fingers. "Oh god," she moaned, "too much…I…it's too much…" she babbled as she felt the tension in her center begin to build again. "But good…so good…" she said as she watched Jasper's cock sink into her husband over and over again. Erotic didn't begin to describe it and she knew she would want to do this again—perhaps watch as Edward took Jasper… Jasper smirked as he slowed his thrusts, drawing a groan of protest from Edward who gently nipped Bella's swollen bud. She screamed and gripped his hair as she came again and Edward smirked against her inner thigh, his curled fingers buried deep inside her drawing out the pleasure to painful proportions as Jasper dragged hot kisses over his shoulder. "I knew you could do it," the empath murmured through a smirk. "I know—intimately—just what that mouth can do." With that, he picked up the pace again, holding Edward's hips steady as Bella dropped to her knees, her hands cupping her husband's face as she kissed his parted lips. "So hot…" she whispered against his lips as he groaned, his body jolting from every thrust. "The two of you…" she murmured, her fingers running through his silky bronze hair, "the two of you are beautiful together." She placed a kiss at the corner of his mouth, his sweet breath puffing over her cheek as she nuzzled against him. "How does he feel?" she whispered in his ear, "all hot and hard inside you…how does it feel, Edward?" He snarled, not able to resist the combination of her erotic whispers, her touch and the feeling of being fucked by Jasper again… It was all too much and he came with a deep groan just as he thrust his tongue past her eager, parted lips, their shared kiss swallowing the sounds he made as the most intense orgasm he'd had in years ripped through him. Jasper followed suit mere seconds later with a loud growl, sinking his fangs into his mark on Edward's shoulder before soothing it with a kiss as he pulled out. Bella eyed the subtle mark that she'd always wondered about but never questioned. "So, that's where that came from…" she said and Jasper smirked while flopping onto his back next to them. "Yep, that's where that came from," Jasper answered. Edward flopped down in the leaves next to Jasper and pulled Bella onto his chest as she cocked a brow at the empath. "Do you have one too?" Edward smirked and Jasper grinned while folding his arm behind his head, amusement dancing in his golden eyes as he answered, "I guess you'll just have to wait till next time to find out." ~Fin