to me. That's what happened." ~o0o~ October 31, 2006 ~ Bella ~ Phoenix, AZ 13 Years Old ~ By ncbexie25 ~ Her eyes snapped open. "Peter!" The girl gasped as she was shattered out of her dream, her breath coming out in pants as she sat up in her bed. Her eyes were wide as her mind tried to comprehend what she had just dreamed. The struggle was that these dreams that she had been having for quite a while now always felt so impossibly real. But surely, they were just dreams, right? Right? She sighed and fell back onto the bed again, staring up at the ceiling. She hissed as she felt the familiar heat in her wrist and on her breast, brightening the darkened room. Her marks always lit up after her dreams. She glanced down at them, and bit her lip. Normally, she would hide under her covers and stare at them for hours on end, reveling at the beauty of their raw and unrestrained, glowing power. But tonight she just couldn't make herself. She was frustrated, feeling much the same as Peter. But unlike him, there was nothing she could do about it at… she looked at the clock and sighed. 1:00 So, doing her best to ignore the glowing, the fire, and her feelings, she looked out toward the window, lips parted. Her mind was still reeling after her violent dream. Her heart ached for the boy of her dreams who was exactly the same age as her. She wondered if he were out there somewhere in the world, or if he was just a fabrication of the mind. She rolled onto her stomach, facing away from the Moon—she didn't have time for the stupid voices tonight, nor did she want to be tempted to go outside as was still her almost-nightly ritual. She snorted at herself. There was no way he was real. But… Her mind turned back to the many, many dreams that she'd had of the boy. And there had been many over the years. She smiled as she remembered the first time she had ever dreamed of him. She had immediately loved the boy, loved Peter. He'd been hunched up in a corner, tears falling from his eyes and trailing down his cheeks only to sizzle when they fell to the ground he sat on. He seemed unaffected by the obvious heat of it and of the very air around him as he'd eyed the fire in the corner of his little cell, so very small and so very frightened. She could sympathize with him, she found. She knew what it was to be scared, to be utterly alone. And when she'd dreamed of his beatings, she could sympathize with him on his pain—though hers was hardly ever physical. It was true that she was severely bullied at school... and that people generally seemed to accept it as rule to be frightened of her. Very rarely that fear manifested into physical violence from the other students. And when it happened, it was so strange. The sensations that she felt from within herself, from around herself… they were all encompassing, they were protective, and they were so hot; like fire. But somehow she could still feel a love to it. Like it was protecting her, but doing so out of love. Each time she'd look up at the ball of fire in the sky and wonder to herself if the Sun was beating down on her bullies, if maybe it was protecting her in the only way she knew. Heat. Fire. Her mind flickered away from those thoughts with a shake of her head, and she concentrated on other dreams. She would never acknowledge her feelings for Peter. That was just too painful, and brought up too many questions of 'what if' and 'maybe.' She didn't know what she'd do as she grew older, so she simply disregarded that part of her. It was silly to fall in love with the fictional. She, too, had overheard through her dreams of him of a prophecy, but she had no idea where to begin in trying to find out what it was about. She wasn't even sure if she believed in it… but she had felt such a raw power, such a need to protect Peter—as if it were her life goal, as if her very life depended on her doing so—that she wasn't sure if she could accept that it wasn't real. Add to that the fact that when she had dreamed of his starvation, and felt the pain of having failed to protect him from all his hurt, he had heard and listened to her cries for him to fight for her, to live for her. It had added such a sweet feeling of hope when, the next time she had dreamed, she had watched him eat and fight. She had protected him. She could scarcely get her mind past those four words. She had protected him. She felt fulfilled. For the first time in a very long time she had felt as if she wasn't listlessly living such a half-life day in and day out. She felt as though she had finally done something in her life. And she wasn't even sure if it was real or not. She sighed again. It was all probably just her mind's own creation to compensate for her crushing loneliness. She had no friends, labeled a freak and constantly bullied as she was. Yeah, she thought to herself as she settled back down to sleep. That's all it is. Her last thought was a muted happy birthday to herself—and Peter—as she eyed the clock on her bedside table until her eyes grew heavy and sleep took over. Your thoughts and comments are appreciated. Don't worry, it's a bit dark now but this story will be a happily ever after. :-) Keep in mind, this story is complete and will be updating on a regular basis.