see. Now class, sit up, please. We will be changing seats today, since Mr. Black has joined this class. I don't want him sitting next to his friends; I think he should get to know different people. . ." he trailed off in a musing tone. "Anyways," he chuckled, "in the board, I have written down the new seating assignment. I expect all of you to behave in a mature fashion." I held my breath as my eyes flickered to the board, looking for my name. My heart nearly died from both a freaking amazing thing, and for another freaking this-can't-be-happening thing—I guess that amazing thing fell into that category too. Jacob Black sat next to me. YES! And so did Paul Lahote. NO! I clenched my jaws and raised my hand. Why talk over the many grumbles of my fellow class mates? It was way better to raise my hand high in the air, and ask Mr. Wilkins if I can switch seats. . . even if it meant sacrificing my seat next to Jacob. I just couldn't accept the fact that I was assigned to sit next to such an arrogant jerk. But Mr. Wilkins spoke over the chatter of the crowd in one of his rare, strict tones. "No, I will not be changing seats. Act mature, please." That caused my hand to come down, and a scowl to form on my lips. I was one of the few people standing. I quickly hurried to my seat, avoiding anyone's eye. I held my breath when I reached Paul's, Jacob's, and I's table, and pushed the chair out so I could sit in the middle—Paul was to my left, and Jacob was to my right. Jacob shot me a kind smile, which made this all a little better. I smiled back at him, starting to get happy. "Great, just what I needed," I heard Paul grumble to himself. Throughout the period, I couldn't help myself from staring at Jacob from the corner of my eyes. I sometimes caught Lidia's or Daiane's eyes, and they would show me the thumbs up, before turning back to face the class and paying attention to the lesson. I guess I should prepare myself to fail this class; Jacob was going to make it difficult to pay attention, now that he was sitting right next to me. The bell rang, startling me. I bent down to pick up my pencil that I had dropped when I had jumped in surprise. My arm brushed against Paul's hot arm, and I flinched away from it. Paul must have saw me doing this, because he was suddenly shaking—rage, maybe? "Nobody said you had to brush against my arm!" he yelled, still shaking. The amount of anger that laced his voice made me flinch back, and bump against somebody— Jacob. "Don't talk to her like that," Jacob spoke up. I wasn't sure if he was defending me or not, but I wasn't even thinking of that at the moment. All I could think about was Paul's furious gaze. I was too terrified to say anything at the sight of Paul's eyes. He had a wild look to them. His shaking began to worsen. Was he having a seizure? I found myself worrying in spite of the situation, and my eyebrows came together. And then Jared Cameron burst into the class room, making everyone turn to him. He wasn't paying attention to anyone else, but Paul, a somber look in his eyes made me confused. He marched right over to Paul, grabbed him by the arm, and started pull him away. "C'mon Paul," he muttered quietly. "Let's go." "Don't tell me what to do!" Paul bellowed, his shaking worsening more. I felt like screaming. Something was wrong with him. But what? He was having a freaking seizure and no one was doing anything to help him; heck, even I wasn't. I was beyond terrified, and I found myself wondering if Paul was going to explode on me, since his eyes found mine, and they were glaring at me. "Bye," he spat, and finally began to let Jared Cameron lead him out of the class. No one spoke after their departure. Not even Mr. Wilkins. Finally, he said, "Now class," he began shakily, "go to your next class. Quickly." Then he turned to the classroom phone, and began to dial numbers quickly. Everyone began to file out of class, too stunned that no one uttered a word. I hadn't noticed I had been shaking until Jacob pointed it out. I looked at him, and for the first time ever, I found myself not dazed by him talking to me. I only nodded mutely, got my stuff, and began to walk away. Lidia and Daiane met me on my way to the door, and we were all quiet. I think they sensed that I didn't want to talk—either way, I was thankful. I didn't trust my voice. Paul's angry yells were echoing inside my head, and my eyes stung. Does he hate me? But what had I done? "He's an idiot, Ana," Daiane said softly. "Ignore him." Lidia nodded beside me. "Yeah, I don't know what's his problem." For the rest of the day, my eyes weren't looking for Jacob. That was rather shocking, and it surprised even me. No, I was looking for someone else; someone with serious issues. I looked for him in the halls, in the cafeteria, and after school. But Paul Lahote was nowhere to be seen, and it worried me. A/N: I hope you liked the first chapter of Dynamic ! I think it went well, well, you know, except for Paul being a complete jerk :D Check out my other stories ( Platonum— Jacob/OC & Euphoria —Leah/OC ) ! Also, before I forget; I don't own Twilight. The owner of Twilight is Stephenie Meyer ;P By the way, it's my birthday today. It would mean a lot if I can get reviews! :D REVIEW!