only lasted a moment in time, but I had to close my eyes as it vanished. Agapi... Mine... Mate. Over and over those three words circled, pounding against my mind and penetrating every inch of my brain. Threads began to pull and break, intertwin and knot when two became one with my head as the imaginary sounds of snapping metal rang in my ears. For the first time in over two thousand years, there was no separation between me and my inner demon. We were one in the same and someone was about to die. I couldn't begin to imagine what I looked like when my eyes reopened, but the fact I saw Felix, who was still on the other side of the room where he backed up to at the demand of the future firewood, take a step back I knew it wasn't pretty. However, the startled look on his face melted away, leaving behind a smirk that I knew perfectly well as he address the condemned after an asinine statement about not being deserving of standing before Aro. "Oh, I'm pretty sure Aro isn't the one you need to worry about right now, dumbass." The vampire that held my human hostage began to turn his head to look around the main hall. With the movement, the corner of my lip curled but I was gone from my place before the growl that escaped could be heard by anyone. To most in the room, it looked as though I simply vanished and reappeared, but everyone heard the cry of pain from the male that was touching my female when I ripped his fucking hand off. Without the support of the hand around her throat, Alex started to fall. Wrapping one arm around her waist and pulling her to me, my other arm shot out and my hand wrapped around his throat. I turned slightly so that when I got nose to nose with the fucker, I was between him and her. The glare I could feel on my face was darker than I ever remember, my voice a nearly unintelligible growl as I snapped my teeth in the male's face. "I am." Then I planted my foot in his chest as he did to me when he took my Alex. A flurry of activity kicked up around us since I didn't care where I kicked the bastard and his path took him straight towards the dais where the Masters were. Blurs moved about the room as time slowed to a crawl when I redirected my attention to Alex when I felt her hands close around and clench the lapels of my jacket. I crouched, lowering her slowly to the ground as I moved my other arm around her, placing it on her back when she laid her head against my chest, her body shaking as she started to cough and choke on her breath. I heard her sniffle before she spoke in a soft whimper. "Took you long enough." I sighed slightly at the comment. It had been two minutes; a very long two minutes I'm sure, but two minutes nonetheless. Instead of commenting on that and escalating the anger her scent indicated was still present, I moved my arms from around her and leaned back, cupping her face in my palms. With her back within my grasp, color returned to my eyes, my face softened and my voice was only for her. "Are you alright, Agapi?" She still shook in little spasms and sniffled again as she continued to try and catch her breath. However, she tried to put more life into her voice making it sound rough and harsh. "I'm dizzy and my neck hurts." I dipped my head a little more, getting an eyeful of the bruise that was starting to surface around her throat that was already dark enough for me to count fingers. A growl sounded in my chest as my eyes narrowed and shifted over to the corpse that was once again in Felix's grasp. The death of this vampire was one that I was certainly going to enjoy. Looking back at Alex, I clicked my tongue. "After I deal with this, you and I are going to have a little chat, hmm?" That, however, was not what she had in mind. The slightest movement I made to pull away was met with her tightening her grip on my jacket and a whimper that caused me to sigh again. Ultimately, her desires were my main priority and currently her desire was for me not to leave her. The anger she felt before at my delayed rescue had at this point completely melted away to relief, she was still shaking and was clearly still scared. No matter the level my own anger was still at, she came first. So, with that decision made, I shifted my position and hers so that I could slide a arm under her and scoop her up into my arms as I stood up. She didn't readjust after that. I expected her to wrap her arms around my neck like she always did, but instead she just curled more into my chest and turned her head so her face was pressed into my shirt. When I heard Aro say my name, I turned to him before looking at the body in Felix's hold when I was asked what was to become of the bastard. I pressed my lips together for a moment as my ire shot back through the roof at the sight. After a time, already knowing that I wanted the vampire dead but wouldn't leave Alex until she allowed it, I finally decided that hearing him die would have to suffice. I turned away and headed for the door so she didn't have to be privy to the preparations of what was about to happen. "Light him up from his toes." I stopped at the door and glanced back over my shoulder. "With his head still attached."