an apartment without my parents help shouldn't be a problem. I have savings, so we might even be able to buy a place together. The jingle bells attached to the door chime loudly as it opens, interrupting my musings. I glance up to see my girl stumbling toward me, laden down with shopping bags. I jump out of my seat to relieve her of the burden, before pulling her into my arms and burying my nose in her hair. "Hey baby," she mumbles, chuckling as I slide my nose across her jaw and kiss her neck. "Mmm…I missed you," I say, before planting a full kiss on her mouth. She whimpers, and I squeeze her tighter around the waist. She pulls away and plonks herself down in the armchair, before taking a huge gulp of her hot chocolate. "So, successful shopping trip so far?" I ask, laying the bags neatly at her feet. She looks up at me, smiling. She has foam and a fleck of marshmallow on her nose from her hot chocolate. Fucking adorable. I want to lick it off, but I'm pretty sure the way I just kissed her was quite enough of a show for our fellow coffee drinkers. So instead I sweep my finger across her nose and scrape off the confection, before sucking my finger into my mouth. She giggles, and wipes her face with a napkin. "Yeah, I got most of what I needed. We need to go get your gift! And I still need something for your Mom! Oh, look what I got for your Dad!" Her face is alight with excitement as she reaches for one of the shopping bags. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to this Christmas. February 2006 She is absolutely striking in red. I observe her from our table as she walks toward the ladies room. The vibrant shade of poppy is a stark contrast to her pale, almost luminescent skin. It's a simple dress, with small straps across each delicate, freckled shoulder, the red fabric sitting tight across her small but perfect breasts. Her hair falls in waves around her shoulders, framing her heart shaped face. As she walks away from me, the fabric swishes around her thighs, the flesh exposed there making my mouth water. Absolutely stunning. The waiter brings over our drinks order, a beer for me and a French Martini for her. It's Valentines Day and I want to spoil her tonight. I made her a breakfast in bed of croissants and coffee, before making love to her until noon. I just couldn't resist a day in bed with my beautiful girlfriend. I smile as I remember her face when she came, shuddering and whimpering underneath me, whispering my name like a prayer. I can't get enough of her. She pretty much moved in with me after Christmas. Even though I had initially thought it would be better to wait, when we came back to college after the holidays, we didn't want to be apart. Spending every day together with my family was awesome, more than I could have hoped for. My parents absolutely loved her, just like I knew they would, and she blended right into my crazy family Christmas. My parents are pretty laid back, so we didn't have to sleep in separate rooms. Being able to be with her every night was perfect, and seeing her interact with my family and my newborn nephew, Thomas, just solidified everything I have felt for her since we met. She's the one. When we got back to Seattle, she packed up her stuff and moved out of her apartment and into mine. It's only been four months, but I've never been surer of anything in my life. Her smile brightens my day, her touch gives me shivers down my spine. When we are together, I don't have a care in the world. We just fit. I realize I am daydreaming when I hear a throat clearing and she sits back down at the table. "Ready to order?" she asks, smiling. Our evening passes without a hitch. Our meal is delicious, and my girl is enjoying her dessert when I give the waiter the nod he's been waiting for all evening. He brings out a bucket of ice with a bottle of champagne in it. She looks at me quizzically but I just smile at her until we have privacy. "Edward… what's all this for?" she breathes. "I can't spoil you on Valentine's Day?" I chuckle, expertly popping the cork on the bottle. A little fizz spills from the brim and she squeals excitedly. I fill up our glasses. "Besides, I haven't given you your Valentine's present yet," I say, my grip firm on the velvet box in my pants pocket. "Edward, we said we weren't doing presents!" She huffs. "I didn't get you anything!" She's so fucking adorable when she's mad at me. I chuckle, sliding out of my chair. I walk around to her side of the table and kneel before her, clasping her hands tightly in mine. "Edward…" She breathes nervously, her eyes dancing around the room. "What are you doing? People are looking." "Let them look." I say simply. I'm so ready for this. I pull the velvet box out of pocket and hold it out to her. She gasps, clutching one hand across her chest. Her unshed tears light up her eyes, giving them that sparkle that I adore on her. She knows what's coming. I take a deep breath. "Baby… I know it's fast, but you mean everything to me. I can't imagine my life without you by my side—for the rest of our days." My voice breaks at the sudden wave of emotion that crashes over me. "Edward…" She's sobbing now, the tears running freely down her face, mascara streaks lining her porcelain skin. She's never looked more beautiful to me. "Baby… will you…. Will you marry me?" Thoughts so far? part two will be up later today!