could think about. All I could see. All I could hear. I heard nothing of her words, none of it made sense, until she said his name. "Edward," I whispered. I hadn't noticed before, but his arm had lain down on the couch next to mine, and my fingers were tightly wrapped around his bicep. I swallowed and took a deep breath, inhaling his scent – honey and dryer sheets. "Isabella," he responded, blinking down at me. He was so tall . . . "Isabella, do you need help?" "Bella," I corrected. "I like Bella." "Bella," he tested, pondering over it a bit. "Yes, that's nice." I smiled. "Miss Swan, I do think that you should see the nurse," Mrs. Cope interrupted. The word hit me again, a blow to my stomach. Nurse. I closed my eyes for a second, waiting for the panic that I knew was coming, but my hand was still wrapped around Edward's arm, and his scent was surrounding my senses. The images and phrases that usually flashed through my mind didn't come. Seeing as I was watching Edward's eyes, I noticed that they grew very dark and angry at her input. "Bella doesn't want to visit the nurse, Mrs. Cope," he said calmly, politely. His eyes slid from my gaze to above my head, his eyebrows rising in a friendly gesture. "I think that we should trust her judgment when she says that she doesn't need to go. Don't you, ma'am?" Mrs. Cope's eyes blinked – once, twice, three times, and she gasped. "Oh . . . um . . . y-yes, that's . . . yes, I'm sure she knows what's good for her." Her hands clasped themselves in front of her and she offered me an almost-genuine smile. "Shall we continue with your registration, dear?" My eyes flashed to Edward. He was looking at me, too, his arm remaining where it had been for however-many minutes. The thought of him leaving literally brought pain to my chest. I pressed the hand not clutching onto him to my heart and gasped. He seemed to understand. "Mrs. Cope, I don't think I should leave quite yet. Maybe I should stay and make sure that Bella is really okay, just in case something else happens." "You must go back to class, Edward, I cannot keep you here any longer," she insisted, side-stepping the woman named Margie and opening the door that led to the office lobby. "Back to class for you. Mrs. Leonetti will sign your pass." Edward didn't move, even as my fingers slipped from his wrist and fisted in my shirt. "I don't think that's a good idea." "Are you missing an exam that you don't want to take?" Mrs. Cope asked. Her hand slipped from the door as she fought hard not to make eye contact with Edward. Perhaps it had something to do with the way he had convinced her that the nurse wasn't a good idea. She had budged quite easily after he had gazed at her, though it was not in a flirtatious way. "Or maybe an oral presentation?" she added, crossing her arms over her chest and finally turning her head to meet his eyes. She blushed a bright red a moment later and looked at the carpet beneath her feet. "Of course not, Mrs. Cope," he responded calmly. "You can't possibly think that I would use Bella as an excuse to miss class. I'm simply thinking about what is best for her health. I won't be a bother. I'll simply sit next to her until the registration is complete and I will show her to her second period class. Perhaps it is the same one that I am in." "Oh, Edward, she's a sophomore," Mrs. Cope breathed, and was that a hint of jealousy that I detected in her voice? "You are a senior. She wouldn't be in any of your classes." "Then maybe her class is in the general direction that mine is in," he snapped. His face was completely passive but the quiver in his throat as he swallowed told me that he was quickly losing his patience. "I can stand here all day and argue, Mrs. Cope, or we can get this over with and Bella and I can be on our way to education." When he said my name, my heart leaped, and his gaze snapped down to me as if he had heard it. My mouth gapped open. In Phoenix, the students wouldn't dare to talk to a teacher the way he was. It made me nervous, but even though I had just met him, I already knew that he wasn't afraid to speak his mind. He radiated a calm yet powerful personality. "This argument is unnecessary," he continued when the woman remained silent. "I've seen cases like Bella's before – she doesn't need any more stress or agitation. I suggest that we both just allow her to complete her registration into this school and be on her way." Mrs. Cope swallowed loudly. "I suppose – since your father is the best doctor in the town – that I shall have to agree with you." Doctor . His father was the town's doctor. Of course. I looked into his bright, topaz eyes and willed the terrible images and thoughts to stay away. Author's Note: I like to do this thing at the end of my chapters where I give my favorite line from the chapter and ask for yours. So, here's my favorite line. When you write it in a review, please use the format that I've used in the chapter so that I don't get confused. :) I call it a 'Quote Me'. My favorite line from this chapter is when Edward says: " You can't possibly think that I would use Bella as an excuse to miss class. I'm simply thinking about what is best for her health." What's your favorite line? Quote me! Thanks for reading, tune in next week.