be there in a heartbeat if he needed me and I could have saved him. If he would have called, I could have saved him. One day when I came home from work, I found Esme sitting on the bench I built her for the garden. She was holding a single rose in her hand as she wept. I set my things down on the counter and walked over to her and sat down next to her. She continued to cry as I pulled her close to me and finally, after months, she let me hold her again. She cried on my shoulder and eventually dropped the rose to the dirt floor. "I'm so sorry, Esme." I choked. "I never..." "You said that already in therapy." She cried as she pushed me away. "You had sex with another woman. You broke us, Carlisle. I don't...I don't think we'll ever get back to the way we were." "I don't deserve your forgiveness," I whispered. "Esme...if I could have saved him...Esme, I would trade my life with his in a second. If I could save him by dying...I would do it in a heartbeat." I told her, standing up. "I know we'll never be able to replace him, but I know you. I know you need time but...I know the woman I married, and I am still so in love with you." "How can you be in love with me while you were having sex with her?" "I'm flawed, Esme," I whispered. "I made a terrible...terrible decision and I know that I don't deserve you. But...please," I took a breath. "Please, don't give up on us." "I'll never be able to trust you again." "I know." "We can't have a real marriage if I can't trust you, Carlisle." She told me, and her eyes filled with tears again as she stood up and wrapped her arms around herself. "I miss him so much, Carlisle," She changed the conversation. "I do too." I nodded. "I can't...I can't breathe." She cried as I stood up and went to stand next to her. I wanted to hold her again, but I didn't want to risk anything. "Everywhere I go... I see him. Carlisle, every time I look at Jasper I remember the son I lost and then I'm mad at Jasper for being alive," She told me. "What kind of mother gets mad at her son for being alive?" "A grieving mother," I whispered. "It doesn't mean you want Jasper to die or that you don't love him anymore. It just means..." I trailed off. "We lost our boy. Our youngest. It's natural to miss him when you look at our other son." "Edward wouldn't want us getting a divorce." She sobbed. "It would have destroyed him." "It'll destroy Jasper," I told her. Edward would have been devastated if we ended up getting a divorce. But...he wasn't here anymore but Jasper was and we needed to focus on him as well. "Esme, I made the biggest mistake of my life. I'll never forgive myself and I'll spend the rest of our days trying to make it up to you." I whispered. "Please...please don't give up on us," I begged again. "I've missed you." She sobbed as she hugged me and buried her face into my chest as I kissed the top of her head. "I missed you so much." "I'm so sorry." I choked, unable to hold back my own tears anymore. "I'm so sorry," I repeated. I apologized for the pain I'd caused her by sleeping with Heidi. I apologized for not being able to save our son. I apologized for the unbearable pain she was going through. Life went on. Our marriage still needed a lot of help, but we weren't going to let what happen completely ruin our family. We needed each other now more than ever and we were working things. It wasn't easy, but it felt wonderful to actually be speaking to each other again. Alice and Jasper decided to have a private ceremony with just Esme and I, along with her parents in attendance. Jasper said he still wanted to be Alice's husband, but he couldn't do it without his little brother. He said he couldn't bare the thought of asking someone else to be his best man, and she didn't want him to have to. We set up a small alter in our garden and I watched as my oldest son married the love of his life. I thanked God that I still had Jasper. I had worked in a hospital long enough to know that not every parent gets a second chance with one of their children. Some parents lose both of their kids in accidents like this and I was just so thankful we didn't have to know what it would be like to lose them both. Esme and I were doing well in couples therapy. But, no matter how mud therapy we got, we'd never be able to heal. Even though our marriage could still be saved, part of us died the second Edward got in that car. We didn't give up on each other, knowing Edward wouldn't want us to give up. We continued to go to therapy and tried to get back to normal. But, things would never be normal again. We had to live with this unimaginable pain for the rest of our lives. Author's Note : Yes, this is the same story but I just felt like I needed to add more detail and fix all the grammar issues. I wrote this really quickly the first time and wanted to put more time into it. I hope you liked this short little story. I was inspired by the lyrics to the song 'It's Quiet Uptown' from the musical of Hamilton. I have just been listening to it for days and really tried to imagine what it'd be like to lose a child. I hope you enjoyed this very sad, little story.