You got it, Dem." After hanging up and putting his phone away, Demetri looked back at the princess, "I highly doubt they are cross with you, My Lady. Your anger is understandable and should have been expected." Setting a hand on the small of her back, he gave her a little push towards the steps to the balcony. Walking with her when she started moving, he looked down at her with a small smile, "besides, hanging out here is only going to cause you to lose that temper of yours again because the masses will only wish to continue to offer you false words of both sorrow and apology." Stopping once he was inline with his friends, he cocked a little brow at her, "let me know what they decide." Swallowing hard, Isabella took and deep breath and nodded, turning to her uncles and, still wringing Demetri's kerchief in her hands that she had forgotten she still had, made her way across the room to the dais. Aro and his brothers watched their niece come in and have a parting word with Demetri, small smiles on their faces when she seemed to have calmed down substantially. As she made her way over to them, they saw her pause and glance over her shoulder back at the Young Master De Luca and him give her a little nod before turning back to them and continuing her way. Once she climbed the three steps to the top of the dais, Isabella bit her lip a little before looking at her Uncle Aro, "Um, Demetri asked me if I wanted to go out with him and his friends for a little while. Um, would you mind if I did?" Aro set his chin on the back of his fingers and smiled at her a little, "would you like to, Stella?" When she nodded once to him, he thought about it a moment before nodding back, "then I would suggest you go change. On your way back down, stop by my office and take some money out of my top desk drawer for the night." Smiling a little, "how much can I take?" Aro shrugged, "it doesn't matter. However much you grab is fine. Have fun, Stella." Giving him the first real smile he had seen on her since she arrived, Isabella bent down and wrapped her arms around his neck in a tight hug for a moment, pulling back after he patted her on the back. Biting her lip and looking a little sheepish, "I'm sorry about the scene earlier, Uncle Aro." Giving her a confused look, Aro cocked his head, "you made a scene? I must not have been paying attention." Then he shrugged a little, "ah, well, I cannot get upset over what I didn't see." Waving a hand at her, "now, off you go." Smiling a little wider, Isabella turned and bounded down the steps and walked out of the ballroom with her head held high. Once she was gone, Aro looked across the room at Demetri, lifting his arm and crooked a finger at him. Waiting a moment for him to present himself, Aro tisked a little before locking eyes, "I am holding you completely responsible for my niece's safety, Demetri. Do not, for one moment, let her out of your sight. If anything happens to her while in your care, I don't rightly give a damn how far back our families go, I will have your head." Demetri simply bowed a little, "I would expect nothing less, My Lord." Looking back up at him, "what time should I have her returned?" Aro shook his head, "so long as she returns safe, I don't care. She is an adult and perfectly capable of deciding that on her own." *gasp* OMG, it's another repost? UGH! Bah. Okay, here's the deal. Yes, I know Cover Up hasn't updated in four months. You wanna know what I've done since the last time I updated that one? I wrote an entire novel, and published said novel. I spend several hours a day doing promotion and taking part in author take-over events throughout social media. I have written over 10,000 words on part 2 of that trilogy, and another 10K on another book that will be publishing after my current trilogy is released. I wrote the entirety of Red Horizon. I wrote 11,000 words to complete You Will be Mine; which, by the way, was over three years old, and not updated for 2. I have dealt with three family emergencies. I am currently getting ready for a visit from my parents. I have a daily chore list. I have two kids that also need my attention. I'm busy, but that in no way means I have forgotten about the whopping TWO WIPs I have. That is a pretty small number of WIPs if you look at my history where I have been known to have 6 or more at a time. I do this for fun. If I wanna write something else, I'm gonna write something else. Currently, I'm focusing on my older stories, but that doesn't mean I am not also going to peck away at Cover Up and Jagged Edges. If finishing You Will be Mine after two years doesn't prove I ALWAYS go back to my stories, and I ALWAYS finish them, then I don't know what will. This is not me saying that it'll take me two years to update my current stories. I'm merely pointing out that when I start something, it's with the full intention of completing it. Nothing of mine stays in limbo forever. I have half of Cover Up's next chapter done, but unless you want crap, you're gonna have to wait for it because Peter ain't talking to me right now. Demetri is. Be patient... or don't. That's really your decision. MY decision is what I write, and right now, I'm writing this one when I'm not writing my originals. *blows kisses* Speklez out!