didn't have to keep carrying it from room to room. "Mom, you knew she was going to cry." Ava laughed. "You barely ever cried, Ava." She told her as she poured herself a cup of coffee. "I mean, you obviously did because you were a baby, but Paige cries a lot more than you." "I guess I was just the poster child for perfect babies." She laughed and we just rolled our eyes. "You ready for school?" Bella asked after she'd taken a minute to enjoy her hot coffee. Ava was starting a new semester of seventh grade after their winter break. "Your bag packed?" "Yep, Edward made sure I had everything last night before I went to bed." She told Bella. Bella turned to me an mouthed a thank you as Paige started cooing from her seat. I went over and smiled down at her and I knew I really would never get enough of her. "Alright, we gotta go." I said, clapping my hands together once I saw what time it was. Ava took her last few bites of her cereal, said goodbye to her sister and mom, and I grabbed the car keys. I dropped her off in front of school and made sure she made it inside before heading to the store. I grabbed everything we were out of, which was pretty much all food, and headed home. I sighed in relief when I saw Renee's car parked out front. I knew how frazzled Bella was already with the new baby, and I knew Renee was the perfect person to help her. I carried the bags inside and put the groceries away while Renee and Bella sat in the living room. Once I was finished with the groceries, I got some cleaning down around the house that we'd been neglecting. I just wanted Bella to have as easy of a time as she could, especially since I would have to go back to work at the end of the month. Bella had finally finished school once Ava was a little more independent when we'd moved in together. She'd done some freelance writing, but she decided she wanted to stay home with Ava. By the time she felt she was ready to go into an office to work, we found out that she was pregnant. I knew Bella and if she had to choose between her job and her family, she'd choose her family every time. "Thanks, babe." Edward smiled as I sat down on the couch beside her. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder and smiled as I watched Renee with Paige. "Do you think we have to worry about her?" I asked, referring to Renee who probably hadn't put Paige down since she'd gotten here. "Not sure." Bella sighed. "I lived with her when Ava was born. There wasn't anywhere for her to go." "I would never steal her." Renee told us, sounding very offended that we would even think that. "I would only borrow her for an afternoon." "You wanna borrow her for a night?" Bella laughed as my phone buzzed in my pocket. I untangled myself from Bella and reached to grab it. I saw that Emmett was trying to FaceTime me and I looked at Bella in confusion. This never happened, especially since he only lived ten minutes away. "Hello?" I asked when I answered the call and his face popped up on my phone. "He's walking!" Emmett shouted excitedly. "Hunter's walking! Look!" He said, turning the phone to where Hunter was. Bella and I watched in amazement as he slowly stumbled towards Rosalie who was holding one of his stuffed animals. "Look at him go!" Bella gushed as she grabbed my arms. "Rose!" "I know!" She smiled as she picked him up and kissed his cheek. "He'd been cursing for a while and then just a few minutes ago...he let go of the table and walked over to where his toy box is." "Did you get a video?" I asked. "Only about twenty." Emmett laughed. "I just didn't know what to do so I called you." "Awe, thanks." Bella sighed. "He saying any words yet?" "No, but we're working on it." Rosalie laughed as Hunter saw us in the phone and started waving. We waved back as Paige started crying over in Renee's arm. I checked my watch and it was time for her mid-morning snack. "How's Paige doing?" "Bella says she's crying a lot more than Ava did." I told them. "But she's really good. Still the cutest baby ever." "Cutest baby girl ever." Rosalie pointed out. "We've got the cutest baby boy." "Oh stop, Rosalie." Bella laughed as she picked Paige up and went upstairs to feed her. I spent a few more minutes on the phone with them before Hunter started getting fussy and they had to hang up. I put the phone on the coffee table and slumped back on the couch. "How are you doing, Dad?" Renee asked. "I have no idea how Bella did this by herself with Ava." I sighed, closing my eyes as my head rested on the back of the couch. "I gotta give her way more credit now." "It'll get easier." She assured me. "You're just getting into a routine." "Yeah," I yawned as Paige's screams filled the house. I squeezed my eyes shut before standing up and going upstairs to see if their was anything I could help with. Bella told me she was just being difficult, and unless I grew some boobs, I couldn't help. So, I sat with her while she fed Paige and took her to be burped. "I'm gonna get the laundry." Bella said once I had Paige safely in my arms. "You good?" "Always." I smiled, leaning down and kissing her forehead before she walked out of the room. "Oh, Miss Paige. Why do you have to make everything so difficult?" I laughed as I patter her on the back, coaxing her to burp.