her head. "No, the dreams were like watching a slide show, but I'm always wearing old-fashioned dresses in them." "Interesting, I wonder if they could be past life." "Past life Angela? Are you serious?" Angela took a drink. "Yes, there are many accounts of people dreaming about places they'd never been, and yet they know things only someone who had been there could know. I find it fascinating and I think we all probably have past lives but few are ever able to remember. I have some books on the subject. I'll bring them if you'd like." "You're right, that is interesting. It would be great to read up on it." She smiled at her new friend. "I'm glad I came out here instead of attending the gossip gathering session." Angela smirked as she picked up a carrot. "You're welcome." ~o0o~ By the time the lunch period rolled around, Jasper was wound tightly, a condition that was only worsened by his inability to identify a source. He was losing control of his gift, and in a school filled with hormonal teens, that could have dire consequences. He could see his pseudo-siblings glancing at him in concern as they made their way to the cafeteria, and he ran a hand through his hair, a sigh leaving him in place of the growl he wanted to release. Finally halting, his fists clenched at his sides, he stared down at the sidewalk as he spoke quietly. "I can't go in there today. I'll stay outside." He looked up, and met their worried gazes; a scowl darkening his expression. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna eat anybody." Alice stepped forward, laying a hand on his arm, which he shook off as she spoke. "Jazz, we're just worried about you…" He backed away. "Look, all of you, I'm not a child. Not even close to it, so drop the concerned sibling act. I'm about fed up with it. I'll meet ya by the car later." With that, he turned and walked away, heading to the covered patio. It was a relaxed atmosphere and that's exactly what he needed, especially now. His thoughts turned to the Cullen's, Alice in particular, and he rubbed his forehead, taking his time getting to the patio. Alice had always wanted more than friendship, from the day he'd met her in that diner in Philadelphia, but he just couldn't. He'd told her many times throughout the years, his heart wasn't his to give and every time he thought she'd finally accepted that, she'd start up again, first with little touches which would graduate to bolder advances. He was tired of it, and had been thinking of leaving the coven because of it, but also because he was tired of playing a child. He'd left his childhood at the age of sixteen when he'd joined the Confederacy, and to be honest, the role he now played in this coven was humiliating. Yeah, he thought as he rounded the corner of the building, it was time he moved on. Looking over the patio for an available table, he noticed two girls sitting together, one whom he recognized from his classes. The other was facing away and he thought nothing of her until he heard her voice as she spoke quietly. It froze him in his tracks and he stared, that old, familiar pain cutting through him as his mind raced. There was just no way… Still, he had to see her face, just to convince himself, so he walked around the outer perimeter of the patio, toward her. He saw Angela look up at him, a curious expression on her face as she watched him approach. Bella glanced up at Angela after gathering the remnants of her lunch. Seeing her looking over her shoulder, she turned. There was a boy—no, there was no way anyone could mistake him for a boy—an angel maybe, but never a boy. She stood, feeling drawn to him, so she went with it, walking the few steps to reach him. He looked astonished and he slowly took her hand, the temperature of his skin startlingly cold. "Your hand…" but she trailed off when pictures, memories, fragments of conversations assailed her all at once, drawing a gasp from her as her eyes closed tightly. It took everything in her not to collapse from information overload… …standing in tall grass as a blond boy she'd just met smirked down at her. …weaving a bracelet together and giving it to the boy with a smile. …lying in the tall grass as that same boy, older now, gave her a perfect first kiss. …watching him walk away as he went off to war. …holding hands with him under that old pecan tree as they made vows to each other, an exchange of rings, a wedding. …sweetly consummating their bond together on their wedding night. …reading the letter that told her she had lost him forever, her heart shattering, and her will to live leaving her. Jasper simply watched her for the few seconds her eyes were closed, her emotions, so varied and fleeting, he couldn't grasp them. Finally, her eyes snapped open, her teary gaze locked with his as she reached up, her hand gently caressing his cheek. The words she spoke next caused his heart and soul to soar. "Jasper Andrew Whitlock, it's about time you found me." Emotion choked him as he pulled her close, softly kissing her sweet lips. Resting his forehead against hers, he murmured, "It's been so long darlin', so long… I wanted to give up so many times…" He backed away, cupping her face in his hands, his thumbs catching her tears as they fell. "Will you be mine again Isabella Marie Swan?" She laughed a teary laugh as she looked into those eyes that used to be the bluest blue, and answered in a way that only he would understand. "Call me Little Bit." He laughed quietly as he caressed her cheek. "Okay tiny." ~ Fin