room, taking in how his eyes changed to black in an instant. 'Good,' she thought in resignation. 'Maybe this will all be over soon.' The longer he stood staring however, the more confused she became. 'What's he waiting for?' Her brow creased. 'Can't anything go the way it's supposed to where I'm concerned?' Her heart rate increased the longer he stood there and a tear escaped her eye as she finally spoke, her voice quiet, defeated. "Please… just end this." Her voice, the sad tone of it, snapped him out of his inaction and he slowly walked to the bed, taking a seat on the edge when he reached it. This surprised Bella, for while his eyes were still black, his manner was careful, gentle, the expression on his face almost comforting as he reached out, gently touching her cheek. "Don't be afraid of me darlin'. I ain't about to hurt ya. There's just no way I could ever do that." She sucked in a breath as her eyes widened in surprised recognition. "Your voice… you're the motorcycle guy…" He smiled wanly. "I didn't think you'd recognize me, but yeah, that's me sugar." He reached to untie her as he spoke. "I would say I'm sorry this has happened to ya darlin' but now that I've smelled your blood, I just can't." She sat up, lightly rubbing her wrists as he untied her ankles. "Yeah," she murmured sadly, "I've been told that it smells good." She met his gaze, her brow creased. "You're very calm for being thirsty around fresh blood." She held up her injured wrist, the bright blood still slowly seeping through the gauze and he smiled. "I ain't thirsty sugar." Her back straightened and she locked her gaze with his. "I've been around your kind. I know what the black eyes mean but I'm not afraid. I'd appreciate if you'd get on with it though. I may be brave, but I'm only human; I have a breaking point." He held up a hand, his tone patient and gentle. "Hang on now; you're right, our eyes turn black when we're thirsty, but that's not the only time it happens. One of the first things I want ya to know about me darlin', is I'm not a liar to those I care about so I'm gonna be straight with ya." He leaned down and moved himself over her as he urged her back against the pillows, drawing a quiet gasp from her as he kissed her neck and spoke, his voice low and tinged with awe. "You're my mate baby doll. I could tell the second I scented your blood." Her reaction was not what he expected and he found himself at a loss as he drew back and watched her eyes fill with tears. Bella just couldn't believe she was hearing this line from yet another vampire, but she was done thinking… questioning… resisting. If this vampire wanted her then so be it. She reached up and ran trembling fingers through his silky hair, drawing him into a kiss even as her tears continued. Losing herself in the kiss, she opened to him, marveling in his sweet taste as their tongues met and played together. It was nothing like she had ever experienced before. He was dominating but gentle, forward but patient and he ignited something foreign inside her; a passion she couldn't quite fathom. She broke the kiss, her voice little more than a whisper in his ear as she held him close. "What is your name?" She moved to kiss his neck and he groaned softly as his body settled more fully into her embrace, his sleekly muscled form molding perfectly to her softness and curves. "Peter," he murmured as he nuzzled her cheek, his breath a cool, sweet wash against her skin as his mouth found hers again. He moved against her as they kissed, his hips tilting to tease as he settled fully into the cradle of her thighs. He drew back and met her gaze, his hand gently caressing her temple, still wet with tears. "Why do you cry sweet girl?" She traced his face with her fingers as she answered. "Because I mourn, Peter. I mourn what I was, and I'm letting it go. My tears cleanse my soul. They wash away the past." They lost themselves in each other after that, neither speaking as they shed their clothes bit by bit amidst their building passion. She arched in pleasure and pain when he entered her, feeling at once slain and reborn as their souls connected, his body loving and mastering hers. Her tears continued as he held her close and moved within her, but now they were tears of a different sort; tears of hope, tears of renewal, as she gave herself fully while taking as much from him in return. "Peter," she whispered as she arched and held him tightly, her fingers pressing into the flexing muscles of his back as she peaked, the pleasure almost blinding in its intensity. She felt his lips at her pulse then as he groaned and filled her, his voice husky with passion as he kissed and murmured, "Are you ready darlin'?" "Yes," she moaned, running her hands up to bury in his hair. "Yes, I'm ready." He choked on his rising emotions as he marveled at the girl in his arms. She was the end to all his waiting… the end to his loneliness, the end to his longing… "I will love ya and cherish ya forever sweet girl." he said, his voice rough with emotion as he spoke against her beckoning pulse. "I vow it." Her hands tightened in his hair as she felt his bite and the last tears she would ever cry soaked the pillow as she answered, "I'm yours Peter… …now, and forevermore." ~ Fin Your thoughts? Please review and let me know if you enjoyed it. My thanks to those who take the time to do so! ~Spudz