should be here in a second," she told me with a small smile. So, I just had to be tutored by this nerd and then I can pass the class and get back in the games. Awesome. Just as I finished my thought, the last person I wanted to see, walked in the classroom. The pain in my chest went away but the scowl on my face returned. Embry fucking Call. "No way. Forget it," he said before walking away. I followed him. If he wouldn't tutor me, then my life was over. I didn't want to be around him any more than he wanted to be around me, but I was desperate. "Embry wait," I called after him. I had to run after him. He was only walking away from me, but he was so tall and his strides were so long, that I couldn't catch up. He turned around and I nearly ran into him again. Embry and everyone in his gang were all the same. They were all tall with short hair and very muscular. Embry wasn't the buffest or the tallest, but he was definitely a nice thing to look at. "I'm not doing it," he said through clenched teeth. He turned around again but I grabbed his hand, stopping him. The minute our skin touched, it felt like an electric current had shot up through my arm and to my chest. I snatched my hand away from his and cradled it to my chest. It fucking hurt. Embry looked just as surprised as I did. "Please, Embry! I need your help. I know you hate me. Just, I need to pass this class," I whispered. He heard me and scoffed at me. "You should've thought about that before you decided to dribble a ball instead of reading a book," he chastised. "I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry for being a bitch. I'm sorry for calling you a bastard. Will you please help me?" Embry looked down at me and stared me down. I felt my cheeks heat up and my heart beat a little more quickly. Why did he keep looking at me like that? "If I'm going to help you, then you have abide by my rules. Rule number one: we study when I say study. I set the times and dates and you'll be present. Rule number two: you call me a bastard again and you fail. Rule number three: Apologize to Baby Doll. You hurt her feelings. That wasn't cool." Rules number one and two were easy. I could handle those, no problem. Rule number three was impossible. I bit my fingernail and nodded slowly to his rules. "Good. What time do you have to be home?" he asked me. I shrugged. "I don't have a curfew." "Good. We're going to see Baby Doll," he said, grabbing my hand. The spark was still there, but I ignored it. "What? Why right now?" I asked, trying to stop. He was too strong and he just dragged me along. "Believe me, this is going to be the most difficult for you. If we get this out of the way now, then you won't have to worry about it later. Besides, you might be seeing more of Baby Doll in the near future and you should go ahead and make amends," he explained. I rolled my eyes. I really didn't want to do this. We got to my car and he stood at the driver's seat. "Keys," he ordered. I laughed at him and shook my head. "My car, I drive," I said without argument. Embry rolled his eyes and gave me that intense gaze that made me feel really small. "I've seen you drive. I want to get there in one piece. Keys," he ordered again. "Forget it. Looks like we won't be going to the Doll House and you'll be walking home my friend," I said triumphantly. He shrugged. "Have fun in tenth grade next year," he said, walking away from me. I screamed in frustration and threw my keys at his head. He caught them with ease and gave me a smug smile. I got in the passenger's seat and crossed my arms over my chest. Stupid Embry. Why did it have to be him? "Seatbelt," he ordered, after seeing that I wasn't wearing mine. "It's uncomfortable. I don't wear them," I told him honestly. He reached across from me and put my seatbelt on for me. "Safety first. You never know what could happen," he said after he put the car in drive. I hated seat belts. We drove through LaPush and to Forks in silence. It was a good silence. I was happy that it was silent. Then Embry opened his mouth. "So, why Seth?" he asked, staring straight ahead. He really wanted to have this conversation? "Why are you worried about it?" I snapped. He shrugged. "He's such a kid," he replied. "We're the same age," I responded. "Yeah, but he acts so young. I don't know. He's not the type of guy that I'd see you with," he commented. I raised an eyebrow at him. "Yeah? What type of guy do you see me with?" I asked him. He shrugged. "Someone like me," he said smiling at me. I could feel my cheeks darken. "Are you hitting on me, Embry?" I asked him as we pulled up to a two story white house. "Yes," he replied simply before he jumped out of the car. What. The. Fuck. Okay, so that's the first chapter. I felt bad about leaving Christina loveless and I thought she'd be a good match for Embry. It might be kind of important to read Seth's Baby Doll to get the story. If not, then you're awesome and you picked up things pretty well. Seth's Baby Doll and Paul's Ballerina are my other stories and I'd really like for you to check them out if you haven't already. Review and let me know what you think.