to mention the fact if we get caught we'd both be ruined." He shrugs. "You've already fucking ruined me, Bella. I can't be without you now." "You can't be serious, Edward," I say, incredulous. "I'm deadly fucking serious, Bella," he says with a humourless laugh. "Anyway, that's why I didn't call. I needed to take a step back. Figure out a way around this. Get the best outcome for both of us." "The best... outcome?" "So we can be together," he says, like it's the most obvious thing in the world. "Do you trust me, Bella?" I nod. Despite everything, I know deep down that he's it for me. I have to choose to trust him. "There are a couple of other positions I'm looking at at neighbouring colleges. I spoke to Professor Hale about taking over as your thesis advisor. Told her I hated your ideas and found you insufferable to work with." He sighs. "Of course, that's not true." I smile through my tears. "That's what I thought, at the start, you know. That you hated me." "Only because I wanted you so badly." I'm exhausted suddenly. I slide down the bookshelf and sink to the floor. Edward sits down beside me, grabbing my hand and linking our fingers together. "Tell me what you're thinking," he says. I sigh. "I hate that we have to keep this a secret. I'm scared the pressure will be too much and we'll just end up hating each other." "Trust me, Bella. Please. We'll figure it out together. Keep your head down and work hard for a few more months and you'll be done." Panic rises in my chest as I imagine it. I think of the pressure I've been under for the last few months with Charlie's illness. What if he relapses? What if my mother comes home and upsets things? What if I can't cope with my workload? I've been struggling to cope already. "You can't live your life with what ifs, Isabella," he whispers. I gasp when I realize I've verbalized my thoughts. "Please, Bella," he says. "Be mine." I pull my hand away from his and rise to my feet quickly, overwhelmed by my panic. It's too hot in here and I need a breath of cool air to calm me. My hands feel clammy and my stomach feels like lead. "Bella wait, please," he says, but I'm already down the stairs, out the door. This feels so familiar. I'm always running from him. He's always chasing me. "Please, don't go." He pulls me into his arms and clings to me like I'm the last person on earth. He buries his nose in my hair, his lips tracing my jaw. "Please," he rasps. "Please." He sucks my earlobe into his mouth and my resolve almost crumbles. My legs are like dead weights; I couldn't move even if I wanted to. My knees go weak as his kisses and nibbles trigger a slideshow of memories in my mind. The last time we were together plays across my vision, and I can't see anything but us. His kisses, his hands all over me. The way he teases me, brings me to the precipice of ecstasy before retreating, only to begin the torture all over again. The way my body would shudder when he finally sends me over the edge, with dirty whispers and sweet nothings in my ear. His is the sweetest kind of torture, the most luscious affliction. He fucks me so good, makes me burn so hot. He's everything I've ever desired and nothing I should dare to hope for. I've fallen hard for him, but I can't fathom how he could feel the same. I don't understand the intensity of these feelings I have for him. I'm so scared. Is he worth the risk? The answer is yes, absolutely. But that scares me even more. I'm so conflicted. "Please, Edward. I can't do this anymore." "Do what?" "This. Us. I can't lie to you anymore, I can't lie to myself." I try to pull away but he clings tighter. His eyes burn me. "So don't lie. Stop fighting, dammit. You're mine." "I—" He swallows my words with a kiss so tender, like warm honey on my tongue. My lips will never fit anyone else's they way they fit with his. It feels like home. "You're mine. I love you," he whispers, before capturing my lips again. I succumb. I give in. I knew I would. Because I've always been his. ~The Professor~ Surprise! I wrote this for the Control Possess Seduce Contest! It tied with another story for the award for "Most UST in a storyline". I was really surprised! To be honest, I wrote this as a challenge to myself, to help me get back into writing. I don't really think that this Edward is overly controlling, possessive , or seductive, but I've always wanted to write a sexy Professorward so this is what I came up with! I didn't expect it to win anything so I am really surprised to get an award for Most UST! Huge huge kisses and hugs to my wonderful pre-readers, Karen Twilightladies, and QuinnLark, love you girls ! Karen, your ability to make a sentence so much better and be absolutely ruthless with word count was absolutely invaluable ! Madi, your constant encouragement and cheerleading is everything to me! Huge thanks also to AngelycDevil and DasBaiyo for all their help with the American college info! And also massive thanks to Emily my beta! xoxox Thanks to Nic and Carrie for hosting this awesome contest, I had so much fun! xoxo EDITED: I am planning a continuation in EPOV of this story. I am currently writing it, but I have no idea when it when be ready. Edited because before it sounded like I was writing EPOV of this part of the story. But the next chapter to post will continue on from where this ended. Thanks for reading ! xox