heard Josiah's calm voice. Their were several grunts and a few groans, but it wasn't more then five minutes later that the family heard the cry of the second baby girl causing them to relax. "Here, honey," they heard Josiah's gentle voice and everybody assumed that Josiah had just given Chloe a human to drain, so that she could recover from the birth. "Thanks, darling," Chloe said and the love in her voice was more then obvious to every vampire waiting in the living room downstairs. Jasper and and Bella appeared just then each carrying one of their granddaughters, and they were immediately hit with a barrage, "How is Chloe? Is she alright?" from every member of the family that was currently sitting in the living room either on various pieces of furniture or on the floor. "Chloe is just fine," Bella assured her family with a smile that relieved everybody's worries causing them to relax completely. "She and Josiah should be down in just a few minutes after Chloe takes a shower and changes clothes." "As soon as they are here, we will go about introducing these two beautiful baby girls formally to the rest of you even though we all already know their names, thanks to Josiah being able to see the future," Jasper said with a wide smile as he kissed the baby he was holding on the forehead. "Prejudiced much, dad?" Bryon suggested with a grin at his father. "Of course, I am," Jasper said immediately surprising everyone in the room that their father didn't bother to deny it. "What grandfather would deny the fact that he has 13 beautiful, intelligent, accomplished grandchildren and ten more to help raise? I would have to be a dumb as a whole bag of stones to deny that I am indeed prejudiced where my family is concerned." "Well, when you put it that way I guess you have a right to be prejudiced," Bryon said and the others nodded in agreement. Chloe and Josiah came downstairs just then looking very happy and relaxed and each one took one of their daughters from the arms of their grandparents. "Now that we are here, let me formally introduce you to my family," Josiah began. "This." Josiah held up a baby girl with the beginnings of her father's black curly hair, "is Deborah Anna Knight. Deborah, this is your family and they will always look after you and protect you from those that would hurt you." "Hello, Deborah!" the whole family greeted the beautiful baby girl at the same time. "And this is Hana Camille Knight," Chloe announced holding up another baby girl with her grandmother's dark brown hair. "Hana, this is your family and they will always look after you and protect you from those that would hurt you." "Hello, Hana!" The entire family called out once again. "As tokens of welcome into the family I, Jasper Whitlock, head of the family present to you the Whitlock crest." Jasper opened one of the jewelry boxes that he had taken out of his pocket and inside was a beautiful necklace made of platinum that was just like the one all the females in the family wore. "You're parents will keep these safe for you and once you are grown they will give them to you. Wear them with pride always and know that your family loves you and that they have a long and proud history." The two baby girls reached out for the necklace, but Jasper quickly moved it out of their reach chuckling closing the lid of the Tiffany's box "Also know that the Knights have an even longer history and have been around since before the crusades," Josiah added for his part kissing both his daughters on the forehead. "Can I hold one of them, now that the ceremony is over?" Julia requested and the look of longing on her face was almost heartbreaking to see. All her children were long since grown and even though she and Patrick would have liked to have more neither of them wanted to take the risk. In that respect she was a lot like Bella as Julia had always loved children and spent as much time with her younger nieces and nephews when she had been human as possible. She had loved holding them, playing with them, bandaging their hurts, whether it was just a skinned knee or something more serious. "Of course," Chloe agreed handing over Hana to her sister-in-law. Chloe watched as as Julia cuddled her daughter and thought that Julia and Patrick should have more children. If they could just get over their fear of Julia dying during the birth then they could have another 10 or 20 little ones. Maybe she and Josiah could talk to them or better yet have her mate check the future to see if talking to both Julia and Patrick would do any good. Chloe knew that Julia and Patrick definitely would like to have a few more children, but they were letting their fear of losing Julia doing the birth stop them from doing that and Chloe was going to do her best to fix it for them. She would first ask Josiah to check the future and see what he saw and then after that trying to come up with a plan. Josiah would tell her not to interfere and that it was none of her business, but Chloe loved Patrick and Julia and she knew that they would thank her if she was successful in convincing them that their was nothing to fear. Perhaps her mate would agree to check the future to see if the pregnancy and birth went well and that might just be enough to get the two to try again. Of course, it not might not either so she would have to plan carefully and the first stop was convincing Josiah to interfere in the first place. Chloe for her part was up to the challenge.