iPod out of my pocket and started listening to it. Conspiracy by Paramore was playing and I thought how coincidental. My feelings were just like the lyrics in the song. I wanted to escape the pain that my life seemed to attract for some reason. Nate got into the driver's seat, Amber got into the passenger's side, Melissa sat in the seat behind me, still pouting, and Kaitlyn sat next to me. She patted me on the shoulder. I smiled weakly at her. I knew Kaitlyn didn't want to leave Albany either. I knew she blamed me, but I didn't care enough about that to do anything. We drove away, and as we left, I waved goodbye to my parents. I looked back to see the huge mansion that I had lived in for seventeen years. I laid my head on the window and finally allowed myself to think about the events that led me to where I am. (Flashback) My best friend Scar committed suicide. He came out to his parents and they disowned him. His family was really into politics and they said they couldn't afford to have a scandal because their son was a "faggot". I balled my fists unconsciously as I thought about the anger and sorrow in Scar's voice when he told me. I was at Kaitlyn's ballet recital and Scar had called me right before her solo performance. I listened to him intently while he poured his heart out to me. I knew Scar was on the brink of depression. I promised him to meet him at the park by his house immediately after Kaitlyn was done. He sounded reluctant, but he agreed. After Kaitlyn was done, I told my parents that I had to go home and study for a major test. Before my parents could protest, I was out of there. I stopped by the gas station and bought Scar cigarettes with my fake I.D. I was glad that the park wasn't far from the auditorium because I was walking on foot. I jogged to the park and saw the back of Scar's head as I approached "our" bench. I snuck up behind him to scare him. "Boo!" I screamed in his ear. He didn't even act like I was there. I walked around the bench to see that there was a giant gash on scar's wrist. He looked paler than he ever had. There was an empty bottle of pain killers under the bench. He had large purple bruise like markings under his eyes. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't think. I couldn't do anything but scream. I grabbed my phone and called 911. I was surprised that the dispatcher could understand me. I was hyperventilating and crying so much that I could barely understand me. After she assured me that an ambulance was on its way, I rushed to Scar. I begged Scar to please be alive. I begged him to wake up. I begged him to wake me up from this terrible nightmare. After the ambulance came, they put Scar in it. I got to ride in the back with him. The looks that the EMT people gave me was not reassuring. One of them asked me who I was to him and if he had family. I was too dead myself to answer. I was too busy trying to ignore how cold Scar looked or how stiffly he laid. After we reached the hospital and Scar was rushed to the emergency room, I started calling people. I called Scar's brother to tell him everything that happened. I called my dad as well. I don't remember what I said or how I said it, but everyone came immediately. Scar's family was sitting on one side of the room looking like statues. My mom was holding Melissa who was on the verge of tears. Kaitlyn was still in her leotard and was biting her nails nervously. My dad was trying to calm me down. I was pacing the emergency waiting room, trying to relax. It wasn't working. My family knew how important Scar was to me. Scar and I were best friends since Kindergarten. He was there for every birthday party, he was there for me through puberty, he witnessed the awkward brace face stage, and he still stuck around. A doctor came out of the room. "Family of Oscar Adams?" he asked, looking at everyone in the room. "Yes?" Scar's dad asked, without any emotion. "I'm sorry to say, but Oscar Adams was pronounced dead on arrival. A cut to the wrist and various types of pain killers clogging up his stomach are the cause. We can talk to you about funeral arrangements and we have papers for you to sign…" I ignored the doctor. I couldn't understand anything he was saying. It was as if he was speaking another language. I walked away from everyone and stepped outside of the hospital. All I can remember is my mom hugging me and the painful scream that filled my ears. (End Flashback) I looked around the van to see that everyone, except Nate, had fallen asleep. I looked out the window and let a few tears escape. After Scar's death, I knew I started changing. I stopped talking. I became mute for a little while. I wore much more black than I used to. I cut school, got into fights, and almost got arrested. My mom saw me self-destructing and blamed herself. She said that it was become she was never home that I became a monster. Amber offered to allow me to stay with her and her husband. My mom suggested that we all moved to Washington with Amber. She didn't want Melissa and Kaitlyn to suffer the same way that I had. I wiped away the tears that kept running down my cheeks. This was going to be a long road trip and I didn't want to spend all of it crying over the past. Time to move on.