car was in the driveway since it was her day off from the store, and I knew Dad wouldn't be home for the rest of the afternoon. Not only was I crazy about Tanya, but my entire family loved her as well. Sometimes I felt like they liked her more than me. "Mom!" I called as I put my keys on the hook near the door to the garage. I could smell something good and closed my eye to take it all in. She was a good cook, but I really loved when she had the day off. Her meals were always better on those days. "Hey, kiddos." She smiled as we walked into the kitchen. "Tanya, are you staying for dinner?" "Sure," She smiled as I grabbed a root beer and bottle of water from the fridge. "We're going up to my room." I told her as Tanya stood up and walked in front of me. "Please try and get some work done before your dad gets home." Mom pleaded as we walked up the stairs. I loved my dad and we had a really good relationship. But, sometimes he was really hard on me and put a lot of pressure on me. I knew he did it because he cared and wanted me to have a good future, but sometimes I wished I just had a normal dad that was proud of everything I did. "Wanna work on chem?" I asked when we got up to my room and shut my door. My parents trusted us enough to let me have privacy with her when she was here. I was grateful for that. "That's fine." She nodded as she sat down on my bed and I sat in my desk chair. We worked on chemistry until the sun began setting and then I started my reading for AP English. While I worked on that, I could feel her eyes on me and I looked up from Brave New World. I smiled when our eyes met and she tried playing it off that she hadn't been staring at me. "What?" I smiled, shutting my book and standing up to walk over to the bed. "You're just cute when you're focused." She shrugged as I sat down next to her. "Yeah?" I asked as I moved closer to her. Our lips met gently, and she wrapped her hands around my neck and roughly pulled me closer. I put my hands on her hips, unsure of what to do since she'd never really kissed me with this much urgency before. She grabbed my shirt and pulled me down and then she threw her one leg over my hips and straddled me. My eyes flew wide open when she did that and I realized we needed to stop. She had never done that before, and even if she was ready I sure as hell wasn't going to take her virginity now with my mom downstairs. "Tan," I mumbled as she peppered my neck with kisses. "What are you doing?" "Jazz and Alice did it." She whispered. "We know Rose and Emmett do it constantly." She reminded me. "So, lets stop waisting time and just do it." "Baby, no." I said and pushed her up. I could see the hurt in her eyes as she got off of me and stood up. She straightened her sweater and I sat up on my bed. "Tanya, I want this to be special for you. I want it to be romantic and corny with candles and flowers. Not here while we're trying to do homework with my mom cooking downstairs." "I'm sorry." She sniffled. "What's gotten into you?" I asked gently as I stood up and grabbed her hands. "I don't know," She shrugged. "I just keep saying that I'm not ready and I don't know what that even means anymore. Like how do you know when you're ready?" "I think only you know that." I whispered. "If you think you're ready that awesome, but I'm going to wait until you know for sure." "I don't deserve you." She sighed as she rested her head on my chest. "Sure ya do." I laughed as I rubbed her back. Eventually, I knew I had to get back to work so I let her go and sat back down at my desk. I finished my reading just as the garage door went up and I secretly sighed in relief. I was almost done with my homework, so my dad wouldn't really be able to give me a hard time. Tanya and I went downstairs where my parents were both waiting in the kitchen. Dad said hello to the both of us and went upstairs to change. We sat down at the dining room table as mom put the food onto plates and set it in front of us. Dad came back down and we dug in. Finally, after Tanya and I finished our AP World Government homework, it was time to take her home. We jumped in the car and made our way across town to where her house was. Her house was quite big with how small her family was. For only four of them, they had six bedrooms and too many bathrooms. I walked her to the door, gave her a kiss and walked back to my car. I watched as she opened the front door and went inside. I put the keys back in the ignition and started my car. I turned off her street and drove towards the poorer side of town before turning around. I drove past the school on my drive home and noticed Bella's truck sitting in the parking lot. I was tempted to turn into the lot and and see what she was up to. But, after today I figured she didn't really want me hanging around her so I just ignored it. Suddenly, I was very determined to figure her out before we graduated and went our separate ways.