my Masters." Brow drawing down and nose wrinkling, Jade merely whimpered again. "But, the overkill..." Demetri snorted as he cut her off. "What the fuck is overkill? In this coven, that you only think you know, there is no such thing. You want to see overkill? Remind me to record your first feeding after I sink my teeth into that plump little vein of yours. THAT, My Dearest, is overkill and you're not gonna give a shit." Wrapping her arms around her middle, Jade bit her lip before letting out a quiet sigh. "And when is that going to happen?" Demetri hummed before shrugging. "I haven't decided yet. It could be as soon as tonight or it could be around a year from now." Then he grinned, "but don't worry. When I do decide, you'll be the first to know." Seeing the fall of her face, Demetri sighed as his eyes softened in response to her distress. Taking the step that closed the distance between them, he crooked a finger under her chin and lifted her face up. "Hey now, none of that. Believe me, you're not going to want to know it's about to happen. If you think you're scared right this second, you're not. You don't ever want to see the eyes of a vampire right before the bite that kills you. As for everything else, I am what I am and I make no apologies. However, you have nothing to fear from me." Blinking a few times to hold the surfacing tears at bay, Jade shook her head . "But, I've heard such... horrific things about you." Nodding his head with slightly pursed lips, "I have done, and will continue to do, extremely horrific things, and enjoy it immensely. I very much enjoy my job, and I am very good at it. It is largely due to the stories you've heard there is so little strife these days between the human world and the supernatural, as well as between the different supernaturals. But, what makes you think that I would ever do anything to harm my mate?" When he saw something spark in her eyes at the term, Demetri smiled at her. "When dealing with threats and stupid little bastards that cross clearly defined lines, yeah, I'm gonna be brutal, barbaric, cold, merciless... hell, let's call this one as it is, shall we? I'm gonna be the demonically evil fucking prick that I am, period. When it comes to you, and only you, I am going to be extremely protective, toeing the realm of possessive," sliding his hand from her chin to settle against her neck and cupping her cheek and jaw, inching closer to her so they were nearly toe to toe and softening his voice, "soft, caring, gentle; the polar opposite. You're going to know Demetri while everyone else deals with 'The Tracker'. You will never, ever, have anything to fear from me." Taking in a shaky breath and letting it out slowly, Jade licked her lips before pulling the bottom between her teeth, lowering her eyes . Drawing her brow down , she tisked lighting before huffing a puff of air out through her nose. "Your tie's crooked." Demetri just snorted but held still as his human lifted her hands and pulled and tugged at the knot a few times before huffing and just undoing the knot entirely. Pressing her lips together as she set about the task of properly tying a necktie knot, Jade lifted her eyes . "Whoever taught you how to tie a knot was an idiot." Looking back at her project, she did the little trick her uncle taught her before pulling the front through and tightening the knot again, tugging at the top once to make sure it stayed in place before smoothing the tie down the front of Demetri's shirt, smirking slightly when it laid perfectly. Demetri cocked a brow at her before looking at his tie, blinking when it was perfect. Lifting his eyes back to her, "How the fuck did you do that?" Grinning , Jade giggled quietly. "My mom used to tell me that fixing a man's mistake was ingrained in a woman's DNA." Lifting her eyes to Demetri's dubious face, she shrugged, "my uncle taught me. I wear them all the time and he kept getting pissed off at me for it always being crooked. So, he spent a few minutes showing me how to properly tie one." Hooking his fingers through the loop around his neck and pulling the cursed thing looser, Demetri grunted . "Huh. Well, I hate the damn things anyways and only wear them when I have to." Growling at him, Jade glared as she grabbed his wrist and pulled. "Damn it, you're fucking it up." Fixing it again once he gave into her request and moved his hand, she shook her head and huffed slightly again. Demetri just grinned at her once she was finished and looking at him again. "Well, I believe we have been absent from the party long enough. Shall we go inside?" When he saw her back snap straight, he was reminded about what Felix had told him when he first arrived. Smiling as he presented his elbow, he led her towards the doors when she took it. "It'll be fine, Giada." Looking up at him with a slightly pinched face, "but I don't like the way they look at me like I'm dinner." Cocking a brow, Demetri smirked at her. "You're a human. To them, you are dinner. However, there is a slight difference between you being on my arm and you being on Felix's." "What's that?" Keeping his face to her but moving his eyes to the room they were about to enter, knowing that every vampire present was able to hear him, he said. "Should someone overstep themselves, I am allowed to get violent whereas Felix is not." Looking back at Jade, he winked at her before escorting her into their party.