how they really got together. They simply said that they met in Canada and clicked immediately. His thoughts drifted to the baby. He couldn't wait for it to arrive. He wondered what who it would look like and what it would be. He remembered how he helped ease her discomfort as it grew within her, including giving her foot and back rubs of which she enjoyed immensely. He had to smile at the memory of giving her blood to drink when she craved it, and she found it tasted surprisingly good. He knew that was one thing the baby needed during the final month of her pregnancy. He snapped out of his thoughts when Bella's screams got a little louder. "You're doing a great job, Bella. Keep pushing," Jacob said encouragingly. "This is all your fault, Edward!" Bella yelled angrily as she took deep breaths. "You're never touching me again!" "I know, dear," Edward said, laughing nervously. "Then again, you did help create this baby." "Dad told me Mom screamed so loud when she was in labor with me that he thought he was going to go deaf," Jessica commented, looking toward the vampire. Edward felt his jaw drop as he gazed at her. "No way." Jessica nodded. "I'm not kidding. That reminded me to never listen to really loud music on my headphones." She giggled as Edward turned back to Bella. "Bella, stop. I can see the head crowning!" Jacob shouted, looking at his friend. Bella sighed in relief and laid back on the bed. She panted hard as Edward dabbed her forehead with a cool cloth. She looked at him, swallowing hard as she breathed heavily. "One thing is clear. I am not having another baby for several years. It's so uncomfortable. I feel like I am pushing out a watermelon," she whimpered. "I know, love. Look on the bright side. You're almost there," he said, giving her an assuring smile. "All right, Bella. I need you to give me one last big push," Jacob instructed. "Okay," Bella responded and looked toward Jacob. She leaned forward and gave the biggest push. She felt the baby slip out of her into Jacob's arms. A loud cry pierced her and Edward's ears, causing cheers to break out amongst the doctors. She leaned back, panting hard. "Thank God." Jacob handed the wiggling baby to Jessica after he cut the umbilical cord. She wrapped it a towel and took it over to the table to clean it up. He stood up and went over to help her. Edward and Bella couldn't see it. "Is it—" Bella started. Jessica peered over her shoulder at the couple. "She's perfect!" Bella screamed in joy and looked at Edward. "We have a little girl!" "Yeah!" Edward responded as they hugged tightly. He let out a small sob. He'd shed tears if he could. "This is so incredible." "I know," Bella whispered and felt him kiss her forehead. The couple pulled apart as Jessica approached them with their daughter wrapped in a blanket. She handed her to Bella. The parents looked down at her. They smiled happily. "She looks just like you, Bella," Edward whispered tenderly. "But she has your green eyes from when you were human," Bella responded as the baby opened her eyes. She looked at him. "What do you think we should name her?" "I think we should name her Lillian. We can call her Lily for short," Edward suggested. "I like it," Bella said, her voice cracking with sobs. "How about Marie for her middle name?" "It's good," Edward said, touching the top of his daughter's head. "Lillian Marie Cullen." The lovebirds looked at each other and shared a kiss. Suddenly, Bella felt a contraction coming on. She gave Lillian to Edward. Jacob went to the front of her and sat down as Jessica went and grabbed a medium-sized bowl from the cabinet under the table. She leaned forward and pushed hard, expelling the placenta. Jacob caught it as Jessica came to his side. He put it in the bowl as Bella leaned back. Jessica took it to another table, setting it down. "That's it for the labor," Jacob said, standing up. "Thank God," Bella whispered in relief. Edward gave Lillian to her. She lowered her hospital gown to expose her breast. She felt Lillian latch on and begin nursing. She sobbed. "Oh, this feels incredible." Jacob licked his lips. "Let's give the parents some time alone with their newborn." Jessica groaned. "Oh, do we have to, Jake? I want to watch the baby." "Yes, we do, Jess," Jacob said sternly. "We'll be right outside just in case something happens." He waved his hand. "Come on." Jacob, Jessica, and the doctors walked out of the room. Edward and Bella cooed over Lillian as she continued to nurse. They looked at each other, happiness radiating from their faces. "She's so beautiful. She's going to be breaking a lot of men's hearts when she matures," Bella commented. Edward nodded in agreement. "She sure will. At least we won't have to worry about brushing her hair for a while. She doesn't have any." He ran his hand over the baby's bald head. "You're not kidding," Bella whispered, looking down at her. She turned back to him. "Thank you for taking me from that parking lot to that hotel." "Thank you for walking into that café," Edward responded lovingly. Bella smiled warmly. "Thank you for making this baby with me." "Thank you for letting me help you bring her into the world," Edward commented. "I love you." "I love you too," Bella whispered lovingly. The lovebirds shared a sweet kiss. They pressed their foreheads together. They pulled apart and looked down at Lillian. Their relationship would only grow stronger as she grew up. There was a chance her mother would decide to become a vampire, so they would always be together. One thing was clear. Their love for each other would remain, no matter what. THE END