on the back of the human's neck. Onyx locked on onyx as Bella found herself on the edge of her precipice overlooking the clouds of ecstasy. She felt Peter's nails rake against her scalp as he fisted her hair, a purred moan slipping from her lips. She saw him tilt the human's head to the side and the scent of her fear spike sending yet another wave of want through her. His voice was deep and laden with his lust and desire when he spoke to her, his hips still moving with purpose. " Bite her." Peter never stopped his actions when Bella obeyed, her teeth slicing gums-deep into the pulsing vein in the human's neck. The feel of Peter deep inside her, the warm flesh against her and the taste of the thick, rich blood coating her tongue was all Bella could take. She dived off the cliff she had been standing on into the most powerful, toe-curling orgasm anyone had ever known. She was thrown so far into a blinding bliss she ended up biting too hard on the human and her teeth took a chunk of flesh completely out of the human's throat. It was only his age that kept Peter from following Bella off the deep end. When her walls unclamped just enough, he pulled out and flipped the three of them over so the still alive and screaming human was pinned beneath the now blood covered vampiress and he was on his knees behind her. With one powerful thrust, he broke back through her vice-like passage as the starving female clamped her mouth over the gushing hole in the human's neck. The human tried to fight but found her arms pinned above her head in one of Peter's hands. She tried to scream for help but all that came out was a shriek of pain when Bella roughly palmed her breasts again. Eyesight beginning to fade, she looked up and found herself looking into deep red, demonic eyes and a shit-eating grin. She wanted to know why this was happening, what they were, but nothing she pushed past her lips was given enough life to be heard by even the two vampires on top of her. Peter watched as the life drained from the human's eyes as he always did. It was an indescribable sight when you can watch the fire of one's soul burn out. Though he was positive it made him a sexual sadist, it was that look, that questioning yet accepting look, that allowed him to reach release when involved with a human. But his Little Sugar was going to go again first. He reached under Bella, and after lifting her high enough to get where he wanted, Peter then very roughly pinched her clit before giving it a little twist. That was all it took to once again send her flying, and this time, taking Peter with her. Pulsing and panting, Peter rolled to his side, dislodging Bella from the now dead human and taking her with him. Keeping himself buried because he wasn't done with her by a long shot, Peter hiked her leg over his thigh, slowing his hips to bring her slowly back to reality. He paused to look at the blood covered vampiress a moment as she too panted her very strong completion, trying to decide if them fucking in the shower was next or not. However, a moment later, Bella made that choice for him when she rolled her hips, saying she wanted another round and she wanted it now. She looked back at him and did it again when he didn't move and cocked a brow at the look on his face. It looked like it was a cross between possessive want and demonic intent. But whatever it was, it did nothing but make her even more ready for the male to take her again. Red eyes going flat black once again, Peter dipped his head as his hips began to move. His tongue flicked out and, as he began to speed up to get this round up and going, he ran the flat of his tongue across Bella's flesh, lapping at the still wet and dripping blood that covered her. Peter was well aware they were both going to catch a lot of shit for this, but as his Little Sugar began to move against him completely ignoring the body next to them that was covered in slashes, bruises and blood, he couldn't bring himself to give a fuck. *X* END FLASHBACK BPOV "You were conditioned from the moment you woke up to think everything that comes natural to us is wrong and it's not. Going against nature is. We eat, we fuck, we move on. It's that simple. It's only when you pretend to still be the human you were that things get complicated." I licked my lips and glanced away for a second before relocking our eyes. "If that's true, then why are you here?" The look that overtook his face made me gulp and regret asking him that. He chuckled and grinned, his voice taking on a dark, nearly sadistic amusement as he moved to stand closer to me, the sound and closeness making my venom heat and move faster through my veins. "That's a good question, Little Sugar. Maybe I'm just not done with you yet." I gulped again. "What if I was done with you?" His head dipped down so the tips of our noses touched, his voice low and deep. "You wouldn't still be standing here." I felt his hands settle on my hips and I responded by placing my hands against his chest. I wasn't sure if it was to push him away or not, but if it was, I didn't do it. As I looked into Peter's eyes, I knew without a doubt I could never forgive Edward if he had done what I had. If he was anything like me, he wouldn't be sorry either.