exhales. I hold onto the smoke for a moment, happy he has menthols. I like the minty-ness of them. They feel less dirty that way. "So what brings you out here?" He asks after a pause. "Escaping men who can't take a hints." This makes him laugh. "You?" I drag on my cigarette. "Just needed some quiet." I laugh out my smoke. The house thuds from the music that pumps from inside and the cheers and conversation from the porch carry over into the yard. "I would hardly call this quiet." "It's quiet enough." He takes a deep drag. As the butt simmers, I can make out some scruff on his face. I can't see too much, but he seems to have an angular jaw and,what seems like, long hair, but has been styled up. The conversation falls and, all to quickly, my cigarette is done. I flick it to the ground and pick up my shoe to snub the butt out. "I should be getting back," I say, suddenly feeling uncomfortable by his silence. "Should you?" He questions as I reach for my other shoe. I sit up straight, shoes forgotten. "What's that suppose to mean?" He chuckles. "What exactly are you getting back to? Drinking yourself dizzy and being hit on by men you have no interest in." He flicks his dead cigarette into the grass. "You say that like you know me." I cross my arms, feeling offended. This time, he laughs, deep and strong, down to his core. "I know enough girls like you. Just another UW sorority chick who thinks she's hot shit. You come off all sweet, but you'll fuck anything with a dick and will judge anyone who isn't is your precious greek life." I grit my teeth and sit in my chair, seething. If I could see him, I'd slap him so hard across his face his head would turn. My sorority, my greek life, they're everything to me. And if there's one thing I hate, it's the stigma of stupid, sleazy, worthless sorority women. Most of the women in my chapter make Dean's list each semester, and sure, I might have fooled around once upon a time, but that hardly makes me a slut. "Let's get something straight, asshole ." I stand from my chair. "You sound like someone who's not good enough to get a woman like me, and therefore, you're jealous and bitter. And what makes you think you're so much better than me? Huh? Because you gave me a cigarette? Well congratu-fucking-lations on being dude of the year." I reach into my pocket and pull out a dollar. I throw it in his face. "That's for the cigarette." I lean down and pick up my shoes. As I walk past him, with my head held high, I kick out the crappy leg of his chair so that it collapses under him. "And that's for being a dick." I turn on my heel and walk away, back to the party. "There you are!" Alice runs into me as I enter the house. "We've been texting you for like thirty minutes. Ready to go?" I look over my shoulder, feeling uneasy. Standing in the doorway is a man with a tight jaw, clenched fists, and beautiful green eyes. The look in his eye tells me exactly who he is. I straighten up and stare right back at him. "Yeah, let's go." I say to Alice without looking at her. The staring contest has begun, and no way in hell am I going to back down first. "Uh, Bella." Alice waves her hand in front of me and forces me to break my concentration. "Are you okay?" She looks towards the guy in the doorway. "Who's he?" I look back at him. He now wears a tight smirk, knowing he's won. I bite my lip in frustration and turn away. "No one. Let's go." I grab her arm and we head out. Jasper, Emmett and Rose are already waiting in the car. Alice takes the front and I sit in the back, next to a sleepy Emmett and a passed out Rose. ~S~ I've never been so happy to be home. I immediately kick off my shoes and drop my jacket to the floor. I'm too tired, and still a bit too drunk, to care about the mess I'm making. After I change into my pajamas, I climb into my bed. I snuggle into my blankets and reach for my phone to turn on my music so I can sleep. My hands gropes the end table, but finds nothing. Figuring I've lost it in my sheets, I throw off my covers and search my bed, but come up empty. Jacket! I jump out of bed and grab my discarded jacket from the floor. I search the pockets, but still find nothing. "SHIT!" I groan. I must have left it at the party. The last time I had it was in the yard. That asshole must have made me forget to grab it. Dick. Hopefully one of the Tekes knows whoever threw the party and I can ask them tomorrow to ask the house owners if they found a phone. Too tired and drunk to worry myself, I climb into bed and fall asleep. Panhellenic: The governing body of all sororities on a campus. Run by students in sororities IFC (Inter-Fraternity Council)-Governing body of all fraternities on campus. Run by students in fraternities DG-Delta Gamma Tekes-Tau Kappa Epsilon Sig-Rho-Sigma Beta Rho I'm also looking for a BETA who is quick with response time. All I need is just a second set of eyes to catch stupid mistakes I miss. I read through each chapter 2-3 times, but there's also something I miss. So if you're interested. PM me! Also, I do not attend UW or are from Seattle or anywhere even close to Washington. I'm going off research I'm doing on the school and areas so I apologize if it's not accurate.