letter and my heart clenched as I read it. Jasper, As I write this, my visions tell me you're out hunting after what you tried to do to Bella. I know you feel guilty and ashamed, but after so many similar instances, and after speaking with the family, I just can't forgive you for this one… We can't forgive you for this one. I'm sorry. I'm certain that when you read this, you'll have figured out we're gone. Our hearts are hurting Jasper and you are the cause. I don't know how to fix things this time or if it's even worth it to try. One thing is certain though; we need time. Time to try to heal. Time to try to forgive. Time away from you… Please, don't look for us. We will come to you…when and if we can. Alice Cullen I set the letter—now stained with my tears—aside and with one last caress of his cheek, went back to the chair and said a quick prayer to whomever might be listening. Taking a deep breath, I disinfected my left wrist and began concentrating on my emotions. I had to work hard to stuff down the rage I felt at his so called mate and family, but I did it, for him. I figured love and trust should be all he felt from me while doing this, so that's what I focused on. I just hoped that keeping my mind busy in such a way would keep me from freaking and passing out. With that thought, I took up the scalpel, took a deep breath, and whimpered as I made a short but deep cut while holding my wrist over the mouth of the glass. Beginning to feel a bit sick and dizzy, I glanced over at Jasper. "Jasper honey, I hope you appreciate this," I muttered while massaging my arm to keep the flow going. When I glanced back at the glass, I saw it was three-quarters full and my stomach full-on rolled. 'Oh god, please not now!' I looked away, took a cleansing breath, and grabbed the roll of gauze I'd laid out. Pressing and rolling it quickly around my wrist, I secured it by wrapping over it with an ace bandage and finally allowed myself a sigh of relief; the hard part was over…or at least I hoped like hell it was… Picking up the glass, I tried not to look at it or smell it and walked over to the bed hoping the scent of it might bring him around. "Jasper honey, I have some blood for you. Can you open your eyes for me Jay?" I pled, but as before, he didn't respond. With a sigh, I realized I was going to have to feed it to him so I grabbed the syringe—which was packaged without a needle affixed—and drew up some of the blood, knowing I need to work quickly before the stuff had a chance to coagulate. Taking a seat next to him again, I placed the tip of the syringe at his lips and eased the plunger forward a bit, parting his lips with it just to give him a taste. "Come on Jay," I coaxed. "This is the good shit, right? That's what you guys always told me anyway so don't waste it, yeah?" A smile curved my lips as he began to suck at the syringe. "That's it," I praised while tracing my fingers over his brow. "You're doing great." I refilled the syringe and fed him, repeating the process until the glass was empty, and aside from actively feeding, he still hadn't really moved or opened his eyes. I knew what I'd fed him wasn't nearly enough, but I was hoping it would be sufficient to bring him around so he could feed—hopefully not on me. Deciding to give the blood time to work into his system, I began to clean up and put things away. With one last look at him, I set the scalpel and gauze to the side, grabbed the tray and made my way down stairs to the kitchen where I hand-washed, rinsed and dried the glass while staring absently through the windows. It was busy work, but I needed it to distract myself from my racing thoughts; namely the ones of the Cullens. It wasn't working and my hands clenched into fists as I thought about what they'd done to him. They'd essentially blamed him for everything and tossed him away and if I thought their abandonment of me was bad… Well fuck, at least I hadn't been with them for sixty god damn years! They were his life! She was his life! And yet, they'd left, seemingly without so much as a look back… No good bastards—the lot of them… Shaking myself from these dark thoughts, I took one last look around the kitchen, tossed the drying towel down and walked out and to the stairs. Now wasn't the time to dwell on the past. There'd be plenty of time for that after Jasper was back to being Jasper. And it was then, as I climbed the stairs to go back to him, that I made the decision to see him through this; to see him whole and healthy and to be his friend for as long as he would have me—providing he didn't eat me first, I thought with a smirk. Hey, I never said I escaped the past two years with my sanity… When I walked back into the room, shaking my head at my ridiculous thoughts once again, I got a shock as I looked up, my eyes locking with a pair of glittering, black ones staring into mine. There are many chapters of this story already done so I'll be posting periodically (once a week, hopefully). Question for you all: Since this is written in 1st person, would you all be interested in Jasper's POV as well? Let me know. Thanks. Reviews, as always, are appreciated. ~Spudz