specifications to a jeweler," Bella suggested. "That way you won't have to have to go to town to pick out the wedding bands and if you design something yourself it will have more meaning then just ones you pick up from a glass case." "That's not a bad idea and if we pick a reputable company like Tiffany's or Cartier they will do the work without taking any shortcuts," Bryon said. "If we do that we could have the ceremony just as soon as a jeweler is done creating the bands. Maybe two or three months instead of a year like you were thinking?" suggested Scott, not even worrying about the cost as he knew that the entire family had money to burn considering they lived in a house that could almost be considered a palace and Scott knew that they had others all over the world. Not to mention the money they had put into several bank accounts for him and he knew they never would have given him so much if it had been anything but a drop in what was probably an endless bucket of cash. "Yes that sounds about right and will allow us to contact the rest of the family and time for them to get here," Bryon said. "I'll start planning," Bella said sounding excited. "There shouldn't be all that much to plan, mom," Bryon protested. "We don't need to worry about a cater's for example." "You and Scotty needs tuxes, you need to pick out a best man, the girls need dresses," Bella said ticking off everything that needed to be done on her fingers. "The men also need suits." "What about bringing enough humans from town that we can have a feast not just Bryon and Scott but everybody, that could be our version of a human reception," Trevor suggested. "That is an excellent idea," Jasper said like the idea enormously, "and if we make say a hundred humans disappear over a two or three month period, from all over the area I doubt it will even be noticed so long as we remember to go after those humans that will not be reported if they disappear, bums and the like." "We'll have to make sure that we feed them," Scott said also liking the idea. "Put some nonperishable food items down in the cellar where we're keeping them and also dig a couple of latrines so that they can use the restroom when they have to. We don't want any of the humans to die on us beforehand and they will, unless we give them a few basic necessaries. Human beings really aren't very resilient unless they have proper nutrition and they could die in droves if we aren't careful to prevent disease and the like." "You're right," Bella agreed and Jasper nodded also in agreement. "Well let's get busy we have a lot to do," Alanna said. "We need to start calling everyone for example and the girls still need to go shopping for dresses." "How am I going to get fitted for tux since I can't leave the house?" asked Scott curiously. "That's easy," Bella said coming forward. "I'll simply take your measurements and go pick something out for you and Bryon, since I know he isn't going to want to leave your side for even a few hours to go do something like clothes shopping, even if it is for his own pending nuptials." "You got that right, which reminds me," Bryon said, "Scotty needs some more clothes as he can't keep borrowing from Gavin. We did bring all his clothes from his apartment—not that he had very many—but he'll rip those to shreds in no time just learning to control his strength." "Consider it taken care of," Bella said looking excited about shopping for somebody besides her and occasionally Jasper. "Hey I don't need anything fancy," Scott sent speaking out in protest. "Just jeans and t-shirts will be just fine. Besides there's no point of buying me anything nice if I'm just going to rip it to shreds." "I promise I won't go overboard," Bella told Scott with a wink. "What Scotty and I consider overboard doesn't mean you have the same definition," Bryon told his mother. "Don't you trust me?" asked Bella with a fake pout. "In most things yes, but when it comes to my wardrobe or Scotty's for that matter, no," Bryon told his mother without an ounce of remorse or regret in his voice causing everybody in the room to laugh, even Bella. "Thanks a lot," Bella told her son pretending to be offended. "You're welcome," Bryon said with a wink in his mother's direction. Everybody except Bella laughed and she just stuck out her tongue at her son. All the family that was present in the den continued discussing ideas for Bryon and Scott's wedding and Jasper just sat back with his arm around his wife and enjoyed being in the middle of his family, which he never would have had if he and Bella hadn't gone to Greece all those years ago and discovered the shrine of Artemis. Jasper was thankful to Artemis for without her he wouldn't have his 21 children, his 4 nephews and 2 nieces and also 3 of his children's mates. In other words he wouldn't have any of his family, except Bella, Peter and Charlotte and while he would have been content and even happy with just them he was absolutely ecstatically happy to have so many children with the woman that he absolutely adored. To have those children began to find mates of their own made him even happier, as it meant that his family got larger and gave him other sons and daughters to love and also meant that the children that had found their mates went from being content to being with just their family to being complete just like Bella completed him. And that was as it should be. To be continued...