snapped closed. They fell into an uncomfortable silence. Bella watched as the light of a television screen flickered in the window of the Wright family's house across the street. The streetlights made the lines on the road just barely visible through the darkness. Finally, Paul spoke. "God, Bella – this morning, when I caught your scent near Jake's house, I suddenly couldn't leave you alone. I went over to you thinking – I had to see you. I just had to see you, and get a little close to you, and I'd be fine. And then you needed my help, and I would have taken any excuse to stay as close to you as I possibly could for as long as I possibly could." He shook his head. "When I got back to my house, Halie was there." "Halie is the blonde?" He nodded slowly. "Yes. She lives in Seattle, but her mother lives in Forks. She was on her way back from visiting her, and . . . I guess she decided to stop by." "She's done that before?" Another nod. "We went to high school at the same time. Not the same school, obviously, because she went to Forks High and I stayed on the Rez." Bella shuttered, annoyed to have anything in common with that woman, even something as insignificant and stupid as the same high school. "We used to hook up a lot," he continued quietly, like he was ashamed of himself. "Not so much anymore . . . but every now and then –" "Please stop," Bella whispered brokenly. He stood and stared at her for a second before dropping to his knees. He peered up at Bella until she met his gaze. "She wanted to hook up. We made out for a little while, but I couldn't – er . . ." His brow furrowed and a blush crept up his neck. Bella's eyes widened in understanding. He hadn't been aroused . "Oh, my God," she giggled, ridiculously pleased at the new information. He grinned sheepishly. "Yeah – it's the first time I've seen her since I imprinted, and . . . it just wasn't happening." He paused. "There's only you now." Bella's heart softened, but he wasn't done talking yet. "And then you were on my front porch, and at first I was ecstatic to that you were there. But when I realized you'd seen her , and you knew that we'd . . . God, I felt so sick. I felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest. The look on your face –" He begged her for forgiveness with his eyes. "I'll never be able to get your expression out of my mind. I'll hate myself forever." Bella didn't know what to say to that. Another silence, this one not quite as uncomfortable as the first, and then: "I want to be with you." Bella looked up at him. "I want to be with you," he repeated, more confident that time. "I want to be able to call you mine. I want to hold you in my arms and kiss you and –" "I want to be with you, too," Bella interrupted quietly. His face brightened in excitement, but fell when he read her solemn expression. "You have to make changes, Paul. If you want it to work. If you want us to work." Bella had always been told that women can't change men – men have to change themselves. This would have to be Paul's decision. He nodded eagerly. "I can change. I will. Bella, I'll do anything to be with you. Now that I know I've got a chance with you, I can't stop thinking about it." His eyes were so sincere Bella couldn't imagine sending him away. And oh, he was handsome. She leaned against the doorframe and sighed. "Charlie will be home any minute. I know it's late, but – would you want to stay for a nighttime dinner?" A lock of his brown hair fell down onto his forehead as his head jerked up in surprise. Hope blossomed in his expression. "I would love to." Bella opened the door wider in invitation, and Paul hastily stood and entered. As he passed, their shoulder's brushed. It was the first physical contact they'd had since he'd shown up, and it sent a spark through Bella's entire body. Paul must have felt it too because he stopped dead in his tracks and looked down at her. With the door hanging wide open, he went with his impulse and leaned down to press his lips against hers. It was everything their first kiss should have been – gentle yet passionate and packed full of love. It wasn't anything more than a chaste peck; he must have known Bella wasn't ready for anything more to happen between them. Bella pressed her hands against his chest when he pulled back. She bit her lip and admired his perfect face. "So, no more Halie?" she checked. He shook his head, completely serious. "No more Halie. No more anyone who's not you." "We have to take this slow," she told him. "And this does not mean you have my trust. You have to earn it." "And I will," he promised, pressing his hands to her cheeks to caress her face. And they lived happily ever after. For the most part, because Paul will always have his temper. Thank you so much for reading! Reviews are certainly welcome and greatly appreciated. This is strictly a one-shot, but if you're craving more, check out my story Temptation's Reputation. It pairs Bella with Sam, and I'm extremely happy with it. Plus, stay tuned to my profile for my new stories that will coming after Temptation's Reputation is completed. Also, I am looking for someone to create banners for my chapter stories as well as my one-shots. PM me if you're interested! Thank you again, and I hope you'll join me again in the future.