my text messages or anything. I felt a little guilty about keeping this away from Jacob. But, only a little. "Hey, Melissa, is that you?" Amber called from upstairs. I walked upstairs and into her master bedroom. "How was your date?"She asked. I smiled. "It was okay," I told her simply, like I always did when she asked about my dates with Jacob. I went to sleep and dreamed of my wolf like I always did. He was a russet colored wolf. There was no other way to describe him. In my dreams, I'd just lie there with him in the middle of the forest. I wouldn't say anything and he wouldn't do anything. I would just lay my head on his back and run my hands through his fur. My wolf was no ordinary wolf, though. My wolf was huge. I mean, he was the size of a horse. He also didn't have the eyes of a wolf. His eyes were dark brown, almost black. He was also the calmest wolf I've ever seen. Not that I've seen many wolves, but he wasn't as vicious as I assumed them all to be. I felt at complete and total peace when I was with my wolf. I felt like nothing could ever harm me when he was around. I didn't have to worry about mummies or ghosts or zombies. I mean, I had a killer guard dog. When I woke up it was around 9 in the morning so I called Maggie. Maggie was a morning person, so I knew she'd be up. Hello? Hey, Maggie. Feel like a shopping trip? I'm gonna need something new to wear for the dance. So, you're going to go? Awesome! Okay, give me like 30 minutes and I'll pick you up. We'll go to Port Angeles. I need to get something, too. Okay, see you in a bit. I hung up the phone and started getting ready for my day. I took a long shower and wore a pair of nice fitting jeans with a halter top. It might've been too cold for that, but I didn't care. I looked hot. I was biting into an apple for breakfast when the doorbell rang. I ran to answer the door and Maggie stood on the other side of it, her short red hair curling under her chin. I loved Maggie's hair. It was so edgy. Her bright blue eyes stood out against her pale skin. She was definitely born and raised in Washington State. "Are you ready?" Maggie asked me, her ray bans sitting on top of her head. "Yeah, let me just tell Amber that I'm leaving." I ran upstairs to her room and peeped my heads on. "Maggie and I are going shopping. I'll be back later," I told her. "Wait!" Amber screamed, before I could get out of earshot. "I need you to babysit Jason for me, tonight. Nate's taking me out," she squealed. I rolled my eyes. I loved Jason, but I still didn't want to have to come back home so early. "Maggie can spend the night if it's any consolation," she offered a sympathetic smile. I nodded. "Okay. I'll be back," I yelled before leaving the house. "So, what do you think about the new kid, Onorato?" Maggie asked. We were sitting at a café with our bags from shopping. I was tired and hungry and Maggie finally agreed to take a break. I shrugged. Onorato was some kid from Italy that was in our grade. He had blonde hair and purple eyes and it seemed like every girl in school wanted to jump him. I mean, even teachers were giving him attempts at getting "extra credit". Onorato wasn't my type. He was tall but he wasn't tall enough. He was too pale. His name wasn't Jacob Black. "I think he is so sexy. My god, he's so smart and athletic. I can imagine our babies now. You know, I think he's going to go to the party," Maggie said matter of factly. I shrugged. Still didn't care. "Maybe you can get him to dance with you," I suggested. Maggie's eyes brightened and I could tell she was imagining it. "He does everything else perfectly, I'm sure he's a phenomenal dancer," Maggie gushed. I'd never seen Jacob dance. I wonder how we would look dancing with me. "Yeah, I'm sure he his," I agreed, only half listening. To be honest, there was something off about Onorato. He was weird. He was too pale and too quiet. He kept to himself mostly, but he attracted so much attention. His story was that his parents died in a fire and he lives with his older brother and his wife. They all look so young, but they all look the same. They all had violet eyes and pale skin. It was just too off putting for me. I had never spoken two words to the guy, even though our schedules were exactly the same. We left the café shortly after and drove back to my house. I showed Amber my new clothes but kept the reason for shopping a secret. Amber wouldn't be too fond of my party secret either. Amber and Nate left for their date and Jason was asleep in his bed. Maggie and I stayed up and talked more about the party and Onorato. I kept checking my phone, but I hadn't got a text or call from Jacob all day. I tried to ignore the thought, but it kept bugging me. What could be so important at the garage? I hope you guys liked the first chapter. I promised a story of Jacob and Melissa and here it is. This is my fourth story in my imprint series. I must advice that you check out Seth's Baby Doll, Paul's Ballerina, and Embry's Oak. You might be able to read this story without reading the others, but they're awesome so you should check them out anyway! Please Review!