groaned softly, upping the volume when she delivered a hard bite to it. She turned to his inner right thigh to lavish it with the same amount of attention. He couldn't keep a whimper from leaving his mouth. He looked down at her as she glanced up at him. She smiled and massaged his balls in a circular motion. She went slowly at first, but she got faster. He felt the fire within him climbing higher. He didn't doubt it was doing the same within her. He leaned his head back, hitting his hands against the wall. He hissed at her giving his balls a gentle squeeze. She slid her tongue from the scrotum to the tip of his cock. She went back and forth three times, laughing when he groaned excitedly. She ran her tongue over the scrotum before nibbling it gently. He clenched his teeth. He believed he would lose it any second now. However, he wasn't about to let that happen. He looked down at her. "Please, stop it, Bella," he said, swallowing hard. "I need to be inside you right now." She stopped her ministrations and stood up to look at him. "Then come into me. Make love to me." Edward spun Bella around, bracing her against the wall. She slipped her arms around his neck, taking slow yet even breaths. He started to enter her, but he pulled back. She giggled, knowing he was teasing her. He kissed her as he entered her until he was fully sheathed inside her. He didn't move, wanting to savor being there. He began to thrust in and out of her. She moved her hips with his motions. Their grunting and groaning mingled together, but they didn't care. They were happy to be together like this. He kissed her passionately, moving one hand into her hair and the other on the small of her back. Their tongues fought over each other. He kissed down to her neck. He nibbled on it, increasing the pressure a bit. He traveled to the pulse point to suck on it. He bit it hard, making her wince. She sighed in relief at the pain fading quickly. He caught her lips in a possessive kiss. He plunged his tongue into her mouth. He tasted every inch of it. She was unable to hold back a groan. He upped the speed and intensity of his thrusts. She broke away from him and kissed his neck hungrily. She went to his ear to nibble on the earlobe. He moaned quietly, becoming louder when she increased the pressure. Bella kissed Edward once more. She slid her hands up and down his back so slowly that it seemed she wasn't even doing that. Their tongues touched, and they groaned softly. She returned her arms to his neck in which she wrapped them around it somewhat tightly. She felt the fire within her getting intense. She had no doubt it was just as intense in him. She tore away from his lips to kiss his neck again. She moved to the pulse point to nibble on it. She sucked on it hard. She bit down, making him wince painfully. He sighed in relief at the pain fading quickly. They looked at each other with intense expressions. They kissed long and hard. They hugged each other tightly, unable to let go. He felt the fire within him reaching its peak. He slid a hand between them to massage her clit. She pulled away from him. She stared at him intensely. He looked back at her with just as much intensity. His thrusting increased in speed and intensity. He braced his hands against the wall, balling them into fists. His body tightened with every second passing. He buried his face into her neck. "Bella, I can't hold on much longer," Edward groaned, his breathing turning to shudders. "I can't either, Edward," Bella whimpered in huskiness. He thrusted into her one last time and bit down on her neck. He released himself into her, and she echoed her release to him without any time in between. Their bodies spasmed against each other. He pulled away from her neck and looked at her. She touched his cheek, stroking it with her thumb. They panted hard until their breathing became normal. "Talk about incredible," Bella whispered, happiness radiating on her face. Edward inhaled deeply and exhaled slowly. "Oh, yeah." The lovebirds kissed three times. He pulled out of her and ran his fingers through his hair. He grabbed a fistful of it. "If you ask me, we're going to qualify for the Olympics in the sex category," Edward quipped, a snicker coming of his mouth. "I have little doubt we'd blow the competition out of the water," Bella responded, kissing his nose. He cupped his chin in his hand and raised an eyebrow. "Who should be on top, me or you?" She slapped him on the shoulder. "I don't give a damn who is on top. I just want to make love with you." "I like the sound of that," Edward said, winking at her. "By the way, you are not to giggle at all during our next lovemaking session." He smirked. "I can't promise that," Bella commented, raising an eyebrow. "You better not giggle, or you'll get this," he said and tickled her neck. He laughed at her swatting his hand aside. "You're impossible, Edward," she growled playfully. "And proud of it," Edward said with pride. He kissed her forehead. "What do you say we finish this shower?" Bella smiled warmly. "I like the idea of that." Bella turned around and grabbed the shampoo. She handed it to her boyfriend. He squeezed a small amount into his hand and put it aside. He rubbed it and the other hand together. He started scrubbing her hair. They would always enjoy making love, no matter where they did it. After all, it was the one thing that gave them comfort in tough times. THE END