of the scary ones is that he's planning to take you and run after the wedding." Bella's breath left her in a gusty rush. "Take me where?" Alice shook her head. "The places are always different and there are never any landmarks, so I can't place any of them." "Why Alice? Do you know why he'd do such a thing?" Alice took a long few moments before meeting her gaze, her golden eyes swimming with sadness. "Yes, and if you think about it, so do you." Cold seeped through Bella's veins as the two stared at each other. "He still doesn't want to change me, and he's going to try to stop anyone else from changing me either." Alice nodded. "Yes and with his gift, even Demetri would have a hell of a time pinning him down. Of course, the fact that he's traveling with a human will slow him down, but still, he's got the funds to run for a very long time, and I'm talking funds that aren't tied to the Cullen accounts, Bella." "So even if Carlisle cut him off…" Alice shook her head. "Wouldn't matter. He's set financially for centuries if he's smart about it." Pain lanced through Bella at the thought of such a betrayal. Despite everything, she still loved him and she'd hoped he'd deliver on his promises. It was this part of her that prompted her next question. "How sure of this are you?" Alice sighed and rubbed her temples. "I'm not. I mean, I can't be because he's always changing his damn mind. To be fair, I see more of his plans for your honeymoon and return trip home than I see these other visions, so, could I be wrong? Yes, I could be. There's just no way to know for sure until his mind settles. The scary visions could just be from thoughts he's having during moments of insecurity." She met Bella's gaze. "You know the anguish he's always felt about 'damning' you to this life. Still, I thought it only fair to let you know." Bella felt a rush of affection for her best friend and she smiled sadly. "Can you keep him out of your head, at least until I've had some time to think about this?" "I'll try, Bella. I'll do my best." "And you'll let me know if something changes?" "I will." She leaned forward and hugged her future sister. "Thanks Alice, for everything." "You're welcome, now, let's pick a movie and flop on the couch. You can be lazy today and stuff yourself on cannoli. Edward comes back tomorrow." Bella grabbed the box and headed for the living room. "Don't remind me. He's like a Nazi dietician these days." Later that night, after Alice had left and she'd had dinner with Charlie, she laid on her bed, a frown on her face as she thought about what Alice had told her. Her phone was in her hand and she glanced at the screen while scrolling through her contacts. "Uncle Vittorio," she mumbled with a snort before biting the corner of her lower lip. Should she call him? Or should she wait? She just wasn't sure. Calling the Volturi, no matter how amiable Aro had been—when he wasn't about to sink his fangs in her neck—still seemed like a last resort, at least in her mind, and wasn't something she looked forward to. What if Edward's thoughts of running were just moments of insecurity? If she called Aro based on some fleeting thoughts and the resulting visions, she'd be screwing everything she'd ever wanted to hell and back. Then again, if he was that good at masking his true intentions, she could be screwing herself into a mortal life of running until she was too damn old to be worth changing. What would she do then? She knew, if he did such a thing, without help from the Volturi and their tracker, she wouldn't have a chance of escaping him. He was just too fast and too gifted. What was really bugging her was the hazy memory of a conversation they'd had where he'd alluded to running, so that combined with Alice's visions sealed the deal and she sat up, ran a hand through her hair and pressed send. "Isabella, my dear! How good to hear from you. Concerning, but good. Now, what can your Uncle Vittorio do for you?" She snorted a laugh and shook her head. "Well, dear Uncle, you said to call at the barest hint. I'm calling." "Please explain, my dear, but keep it acceptable for all ears. We wouldn't want to burden anyone with private family business," he said, his tone now smooth but grave. "I understand, Uncle. As you know, my wedding is set for a week from today." "Yes, my dear! Such happy occasions, weddings. Go on." "Well, Edward, my fiancé, seems to be having second thoughts about my…joining the family. He wants to elope, so to speak, and he isn't sharing any details about where he wants to elope to, not even with his sister Alice." "I see," he murmured. "Well, perhaps this merits a visit from your cousin Demetri? If there is anyone who can get your dear Edward to see reason, it's our dear Demi." Bella sighed, a feeling like lead settling in her stomach even as she resigned herself to their intervention. "I think—I think, considering all circumstances, that would be best, Uncle." "Of course it is, dearest. We can't have him running off with my favorite niece, especially after all the careful planning that's gone into the preparations. I won't have your day ruined." "Thank you, Uncle." "You're very welcome, my dear. Look for your cousin to arrive sometime late tomorrow. Goodbye, Isabella." The call disconnected and she rested her head against her bent knees, tapping the edge of the phone against her forehead, all the while wondering—had she done the right thing? Only time would tell. Your thoughts? Please review. 'Till next time, ~Spudz