it without question!" Jasper drew in breath through flared nostrils, a bitter smirk twisting his lips. With an exaggerated flourish, he bowed. "As you wish, Your Grace ." With that, he rose and made to exit the room but before he could get past, Caius acted, pinning him face first to the floor. Jasper growled, struggling under his mate's iron grip. "Where do you think you're going, Tesorino?" "Out!" Jasper spat, nearly unseating Caius who had straddled his back, pinning his hands behind him. "We are not through here." Jasper scoffed. "You made it clear your word is law. What is there to discuss?" Caius leaned down, his lips ghosting over the mating mark on Jasper's neck as he murmured, "There is plenty left to discuss, Tesorino, such as why you are so upset over this particular mission. You have stayed behind on other occasions, so why object so strongly now?" Jasper ceased struggling, a gusty breath passing his lips as he relaxed, his cheek pressed into the plush rug. "I'm worried for you, and want to be there at your side." Caius released his hold, rising to his feet and holding his hand out. With a wary eye, Jasper grasped it and stood, not resisting as Caius drew him close. "I will not risk you, Dolcezza. You are trained to fight our kind, and few there are who can best you, but you are not trained to fight these creatures." A muscle ticked in Jasper's jaw as he met Caius's gaze. "And how am I to ever gain experience if I never encounter them? The best way to protect me from something is to make sure I can fight them on my own!" Caius released him and walked to the sideboard. "No," he said while pouring himself a drink. Replacing the top to the decanter, he turned and eyed his furious mate while taking a sip of brandy. "While I understand your motives, this mission is still too much of a risk; one I am unwilling to take." He raised a hand when Jasper made to protest. "I'm sorry, but you will stay here." Jasper growled, fury flashing in his eyes. "I will appeal to Aro and Marcus…" Caius arched a brow and smirked. "As would be your right as Captain of the Guard… However ," he snapped, freezing Jasper as he'd turned to leave, "you are my mate…my bonded, submissive mate, and you will do as I say." "Perhaps I'll go despite what you say…" Jasper growled, stepping into Caius's space while holding his gaze. "You will not defy me, Tesorino." "I've seen your scars, Caius. I will be there, at your side. Fuck what you say!" Before he could blink, he found himself pinned, face first against the wall, locked into position by Caius's body as his clothes were ripped from him and legs nudged apart. Teeth sank into his neck and he grunted as he was breached from behind, the abruptness of it all making his mind whirl. Caius was usually always a patient and considerate lover, but this …this was something he hadn't experienced from his dominant mate in decades—not since their early years when Caius had been forced to prove his dominance due to Jasper's bouts of rebellion. "Caius!" he cried, his breaths coming out in hurried pants as his mate thrust into him mercilessly. It was punishing, arousing, shaming…and yet made him feel safe and loved all at once. The emotional cocktail of the two of them was… intoxicating . He was on a literal high, not knowing what or how to feel. Caius looked down, watching as his cock sank repeatedly into his mate's supple body, drawing a deep growl from him as Jasper purred and keened under his hold. He hadn't done this in years—hadn't felt the need, but this issue was too important. He couldn't risk his mate's rebellion in this. Wolves were lethal creatures—he, more than anyone, would know—and he would not see his mate killed or even injured by the vermin. "You are mine!" he growled. "My submissive! Understand?!" "Yes, my Lord!" Jasper agreed, his eyes clenching shut for a beat before snapping open as his fingers dug into the rough stone wall. He was barely able to stand against the onslaught, both physical and emotional, especially as the pleasure began to outweigh everything else. "Caius…oh fuck…Caius…please…" "You will do as I say!" Caius demanded and Jasper nodded vehemently, drawing a growl of displeasure from the King who threaded a hand into his hair and yanked his head back, bringing them cheek to cheek as he pounded into him. "Speak the words, Tesorino!" he murmured into his submissive's ear, as his body rocked into the younger's. "Yes, my Lord! I will do as you say!" "Promise me! Swear it!" Jasper writhed and whimpered, pushing back into the delicious thrusts, wanting, needing … "I promise! I swear!" "Very good, Dolcezza," Caius purred, his hold in Jasper's hair gentling as his mouth slanted over his panting mate's in a deep, searing kiss. Slowing his thrusts, he changed the angle of his hips, eliciting a deep, pleasured groan from Jasper as his cock hit that magic place inside him with each stroke. "Caius…" Jasper breathed as his body tensed and sweet release washed over him, shockwaves of pleasure rocking through his body as Caius stilled and filled him. Pulling out of Jasper's body, Caius turned him, lifting his chin with a crooked finger. "I will go on this mission and you will stay here." Jasper's eyes searched his, then he nodded. "I want to be at your side…fight at your side…but I will stay here." Caius's eyes closed for a beat before opening to look at his mate. "Worry not, Tesorino. I will return to you." Jasper drew close, lying his head on Caius's shoulder as he murmured, "You had better, or there will be hell to pay. That is also a promise." Your thoughts? Please review, Till next time, ~Spudz