remain silent, too overwhelmed with sensation to even put it into words. The brief stinging pain I felt at first morphs into something else entirely, and it's not long before I'm feeling the familiar flutters from my earlier orgasm start to soar through me all over again. "God, Bella..." Edward moves faster, every thrust followed by a groan, every groan followed by his lips on my flesh. "I'm gonna come, Bella. Are you... Can you..." I nod, frantic with pleasure as I pull him closer, raising my lips to his and kissing him hard. I roll my hips with his, matching his pace, revelling the grunts and moans falling from his lips to mine. We fly higher and higher, every muscle in my body tightening, all shallow breaths and desperate touches, until we reach the top, before falling together. Shattering into a million tiny pieces. Edward slows, stills, drops his weight on me. He rests his forehead to my shoulder, and breathes into my skin. Spent, satisfied, and so complete, I can't help but breathe out a laugh. He lifts his eyes to mine, his smile the most sublime I've ever seen it. "Say it again?" So I do. I say it over and over, each time following it with a kiss, my fingers roaming all over his skin, until we're giggling and tickling and he's rolling me on top of him, re-sheathing himself, and pushing up into me from below. "I love you, too." This is the hardest thing I've ever done. I don't know why the hell I let Edward talk me into this, and there is no way I would be doing it if it weren't for him. I'm getting through the last three miles of this marathon by his words of encouragement and sheer determination alone, because there is nothing left in my legs. No fuel left in my muscles. Not an ounce of liquid left in my body. Even with a year of training, and hundreds of miles in the bank, nothing could have prepared me for how difficult this would be. I picture the finish line in my head, and euphoria fills me again. During our training, Edward taught me all about visualization techniques, saying it always helped him get through when there was nothing else left. I picture myself crossing the line, getting my medal. I picture the crowds of people cheering me on, urging me to keep going. I picture the pot of money that sits on my kitchen counter and the small pile of sponsor forms I have totaling the money I have raised for an important mental health charity. I picture myself, a year ago, having sank to the lowest depths of despair, and now, healthier, happier, and more at peace with myself than I've ever been. I picture Jessica Stanley, dressed in orange scrubs, behind bars. Six months ago, my parents came to visit me in New York, bringing with them the news that Jessica Stanley had walked in on her fiancé in bed with another woman, and shot them both in cold blood. Her parents pleaded insanity, and a psych evaluation revealed Jessica had in fact been suffering from schizophrenia since her teen years, something that had been carefully monitored and medicated by her parents. Her sudden move to UDub in junior year was the result of a scandal at her previous school where she'd attacked a freshman girl who'd been innocently talking to her boyfriend at a party. The Stanleys' money talked, and the whole thing had been covered up, along with several other offences that came out of the woodwork during her trial. No amount of money could cover up murder, though. She will be behind bars for a very long time. Jessica's behavior toward me throughout high school, and the attack on me in college, suddenly made total sense. And while I want to hate her for her actions, I can't. She's mentally ill, just like me, and my heart breaks for her a little. The news only makes me more passionate about raising awareness of mental illness. "Come on, Bella. We're so close." Edward runs beside me, looking so relaxed. One mile left. He makes this look so easy. Our relationship has gone from strength to strength. That's not to say it's all been sunshine and roses. I still have days where I get very low, and although Edward sometimes gets frustrated, he remains patient, and never gets angry with me. He may not understand, but he fully accepts every dark and dusty corner of my mixed up soul, and loves me anyway. I've fought hard to become the person I am now. Cognitive behavioral therapy, visualization techniques, cleaning up my diet to balance out my hormones, and of course, my running, have all lifted my mood and made my head a much clearer place. I'm going back to school in the fall. Edward was the catalyst. He helped me see I wasn't just an empty shell. That I was capable of feeling, capable of loving, capable of being so much more. I didn't need him to fix me. I didn't need a knight in shining armour to come along and save me. All I needed was someone to stand by my side while I fixed myself. And as we cross the finish line of this race, I know this is only the beginning. ~The End~ A/N Huge thank you to my wonderful pre-reader Twilightladies, and my awesome beta, Midnight Cougar for polishing this up for me! Thank you also to Cullen's Twimistress for my beautiful banner, and to Jeannie, Meagan, and all the team at FFMH for putting together this compilation, it was an honor to be a part of something so special. This is just a one-shot, and will be marked complete, I have no plans to continue this story. I am worki ng on finishing Kairos, and continuing to work on my O.F. Thanks for reading! Until next time! Meg, xox