of hours before she excused herself, stating that she had to do her daily swim routine in the ocean. Before she left, she kissed Edward and told him that she had been a fool for wasting the chance to be his mother and instead was now just a stranger. His chest hurt, but he hugged her back and told her it was never too late to start. He begged her to move to Washington and be part of his family. She patted his head and promised to talk about it after her swim. But she never returned. They found her body three days later. Her wrists were cut open, but the official cause of death was drowning. Edward took the news hard, blaming himself for never being good enough for her to want him. He was ready to give her the world, and she had turned him down. Again. Bella had no idea how to console him. Her own mother had never returned, but she never wished for her to do so the way Edward had longed for his mom to finally love him. In her mind, the past should stay in the past, but she understood Edward's need to make sure his mother didn't end up in the streets. What she couldn't understand was his depression about her death. He pulled away from everyone and even pushed her away. He was moody and withdrawn constantly accusing her of pushing him to do things he didn't want. She was angry and resented him for pulling away from her and even thought about leaving him, but the simple thought of not waking up next to him was enough to break her heart. She would rather be miserable with him than happy without him. After a particular nasty fight, Bella left angry and hurt at Edward's indifference. She was crying too hard and was not paying attention to the icy road. Her car ended up slipping in the ice and hitting a tree. When Edward got the call from his father, letting him know she was hurt, he felt his world implode. "Dad, tell me she is okay. Please tell me she is okay. I'll die if something happens to my baby girl" he sobbed as he found his father in the ER. "Edward, she is fine, just a few broken ribs and a leg. She is lucky nothing worse happened." "Can I see her?" "Room 204." He ran toward the room and found Bella sleeping as a nurse checked her vitals. He dropped to his knees and sobbed, thanking God she was okay and waking her up in the process. She was shocked at his frantic shaking as he touched her everywhere, making sure she was fine. "Baby, I'm fine, calm down, you are scaring me!" she said as she tried to hold him still. "God, baby girl, please don't leave me. Don't you ever fucking leave me too. I couldn't make her stay, but please promise me you will stay. That you will always be with me, I beg you, Bella. I love you so fucking much to lose you." Bella finally understood his pain and allowed him to let it out. He cried for what seemed like hours as she held him, until he finally took a breath and kissed the hell out of her. Had it not been for her broken leg and ribs he would have fucked her senseless right there. Once she was out of the hospital, Edward was back to his old self. He and Ben had discovered a passion for investment and had lots of fun buying and selling shares. What started out as a game, ended up paying for Ben's college education and had giving Edward enough money to set up a charity geared to help homeless women get back on their feet. He wanted to keep other women from taking their lives out of desperation. With Esme's help, Lizzy's Shelter opened, helping women of all ages find work training, food, shelter and most importantly, psychological help. When they moved to Seattle to start college, Ben and Edward also started repairing computers. It was something they both enjoyed and soon they became quite successful. In a matter of few months they had opened three stores and hired over fifty employees. By the time he was 25, Edward had two successful businesses, an investment firm and a computer repair chain that had been picked up by a major Electronics store to serve their clients. He had also doubled his inheritance and had only one wish left. To marry his baby girl. After asking for Charlie's blessing, he whisked Bella to Cancun for a short vacation. He took her swimming to Xcaret, a beach known for its friendly dolphins. Bella was delighted, swimming with the happy creatures. When the trainer blew a whistle, she saw one of the dolphins dive into the ocean only to return with a tiny box on his snout. He pushed the box towards Bella, and she grabbed it while petting him. Edward stood next to her as she opened it. She gasped when she saw the plastic band that said 'would you please marry Edward?' in big bold letters. "Yes!" she squealed as the people around them clapped and the dolphins swam around them. Ten minutes later, their family joined them at the beach, along with Pastor Webber, who sealed their love forever. Edward thought he was the happiest man alive. However, it was on this day as he laid on his bed surrounded by his daughter Rosalie, his son Emmett and his baby sister Alice, as they slept soundly next to a very tired but still glowing Bella, that he realized that happy was a word too small to describe him. He closed his eyes and said a silent prayer, thanking the Lord for the life He had given him, because there was no doubt in his mind that he was the most blessed man on earth. The End