take it out on this kid. He is young and innocent enough to believe in love at first sight. He has balls of steel, but more than anything he has faith. Please, don't prove him wrong. They are both too young to die." Jasper prayed as he pulled on the damn belt again. "There they are" he heard Alice yell, and when he looked up, he felt like crying, because she was being carried by the biggest motherfucker he had ever seen. The man was a mountain of muscle, and Jasper knew he was their last hope. He couldn't help looking up at the sky and saying a quick thank you. Emmett quickly dove into the water and assessed the situation. The front of the car was almost full of water, and the added weight was causing the car to slide further into the river. The movement was causing the heavy piece of concrete to move as well. It was only a matter of time before it shifted toward the front and crushed the girl inside. Without losing another second, he pulled out his Kershaw knife and cut the belt out, making Jasper hold on to the girl to avoid cutting her accidentally. Alice had swam to the other side of the car to check on Edward, who was still holding the girl's face out of the water, but Alice could tell it was taking a lot out of him to do so. She couldn't see him well because he was almost submerged in water, but she could tell his lips were blue. She also noticed that the water around him was tinged red, and she knew he was losing a lot of blood. "Edward, get out, we got her." Jasper yelled while Emmett pulled the girl out through the window, causing the car to jostle and the concrete to slide a little bit further. But Edward didn't react. He simply dropped his arm and kept talking as if she was still there. Alice had no time to think about her fear of water. She simply held her breath as she dove into the water and pulled Edward out. Thanking the Lord for buoyancy, because had they been on dry land, there was no way her tiny arms would have been able to move him. A second after she got him out, the concrete slid further toward the front, bending the metal and causing the car to sink fully into the river. It took them all a few seconds to absorb the shock, but reality hit them in the face when Edward began to shake uncontrollably. Handing the girl to Jasper, Emmett grabbed Edward from Alice and waded back to the embankment. Once there, he laid him on his back and began to assess him while Jasper and Alice tried to flag one of the patrol boats that had arrived. He found his bag on the ground where he had dropped it before jumping in the water. After retrieving a bunch of gauze and a tourniquet, he undid Edward's amateur one and clamped the foot right above the ankle. He then poured some iodine in the wound and was happy to see that his nerves were still alive, even though all of the extremities were turning blue from the loss of blood. He then gave him a shot of epinephrine to force his heart to keep pumping. He heard the siren of an approaching boat, and he knew help was underway. He only hoped it would be in time. Edward woke up to big doe eyes looking up to him. The eyes looked worried, but they soon sparkled with joy. "You are awake!" A pretty girl with long brown hair exclaimed excitedly. She was dressed in a hospital gown with blue bows on it. She was breathtaking. "Do you remember what happened?" the girl asked, concerned. He tried hard to make his mind work, but it was fuzzy. All he could focus on was on the pretty girl's eyes and the sweet timbre of her voice. He tried to tell her that she was beautiful, but his mouth was not cooperating. She let out a giggle and looked at him with eyes full of mirth. "You are stoned, aren't you?" He was going to attempt to answer when he noticed her arm was in a sling and both her arms had many cuts and bruises. When he focused back on her face, he saw the gauze that covered the side of her head and one by one the memories trickled back into his memory. The songs. Her smiles. Her fear. Pain. Jasper. Water. His foot. He felt the panic rising and soon he couldn't breathe. The memories of that day were choking him and he was scared. "Edward, breathe! You're okay, son, you are fine. Breathe with me!" He heard his father say. He tried to breathe, but the fear was choking him. He then felt a tiny hand running through his hair. "Breathe with me, Edward. You are okay. We are okay. Breathe, sweetheart." He felt himself relax at her touch. "That's it, hun, you are doing fine. Breathe, that's it. Open those pretty eyes for me." she begged. When he did, he found her teary eyes right above him. He couldn't help himself and burst out crying. "Hey, Bubba, don't cry. Mom is here, Mommy is right here," he heard his mom say as she awkwardly hugged him. She hadn't called him Bubba since he was six, but he found it comforting. He was safe, he was home and he had his girl. His girl. That got him to smile through his tears, and he found his voice. "You're here," he stated, looking into the deep brown eyes above him. "Thanks to you, I am," she replied, her eyes shining with gratitude. "You are my girl," he stated again. "I did say yes to your song, didn't I?" His smile could not be contained. "Yes. Yes you did."