in your arms again. Seeing you two together makes everything worth it." Bella saw the sincerity in his eyes. He had never complained about his wounds and neither had Alice. On the contrary, both said they would do it all over again if it meant saving them. "I hope we can keep in touch" she said sadly, already feeling the pain of not seeing him again. "Do you honestly believe you will get rid of us so easily? Of course we will be in touch! Port Angeles is only an hour away from Forks!" he chuckled. Bella didn't smile. "We're going back to Texas, Edward." Edward felt like she had punched one of his broken ribs. "Why? I thought you were going to Port Angeles. You said…" "I can't afford it, now," she interrupted him. "It was already a tight move for me before all this and now it's gonna be impossible. I was so desperate to leave that I took a gamble and moved without having a job waiting. I figured my savings would carry us through but now I'll have to pay the deductible on the van which is going to be more expensive than it is actually worth. Addie will need therapy and moving to a strange place will be frightening. I called my boss this morning and he offered me my job back and a loan to pay for plane tickets." "Bella, please don't go," he begged. "I can't stay, Edward." "Yes, you can. Stay with me ." Bella almost fell out of the bed as she whirled around to look at him. "What? Are you crazy? You don't know me! I … have a lot of baggage, Edward. I'm just a single mother with nothing to offer you. My life revolves around my child and what I need to do to keep her fed and reasonably happy. You are young and gorgeous with a bright future. I'm just a waitress with dreams. We would never work" She replied doing her best to act like a reasonable adult rather than the love-struck fool she knew she already was. "I know this sounds crazy but I know for a fact the best things in life always are. We could start slow. Mom has been looking for a secretary for weeks now. You could take that job. I have a big house where you and Addie can stay until you get on your feet. You'll have your own room and I promise I won't ask for more than you can give me… just, don't leave me." Bella felt a mixture of giddiness and disappointment at discovering he shared her feelings. She was excited that such a kind, selfless man wanted someone like her but disappointed that she could never accept such an offer. She had Addie to think of. What if things didn't work out? "I can tell you are worrying about Addie. I know I'm asking a lot of you when I ask you to trust me, since you don't know me, but I promise you, I'll make sure my Addie-bug is happy. She can attend Rosalie's school and mom can treat her PTSD. I'll spend every moment doing my best to make you happy, but if for some reason things don't work out, I'll always make sure you are safe and cared for." "What if you hate me within a few days of living together? You don't have kids! How do you know Addison isn't going to drive you up the wall? I don't want to be a burden or a charity case." She argued. In the next second, Edward had her pinned on the bed as he kissed her. His kiss was hungry, desperate and it made her insides explode in a million butterflies. His little moans as he bit her lips made the center of her femininity clench with desire. His hospital gown was very thin and she could feel his very hard and very willing cock through her yoga pants, causing her to whimper with lust. "Tell me you don't feel this, Bella. If you can look me in the eye and deny our chemistry, I'll let you go. However, I can feel your desire for me, honey. I can taste it on your lips. We are meant to be together. We owe it to ourselves to at least try. What is the difference between getting help from your old boss and letting us help you?" he asked as he peppered little kisses around her face and neck, driving her crazy with lust. "Addie, I have to think about her," she mumbled as she unconsciously rubbed her crotch against him, her body seeking what her mind was bent on denying. "I swear to you, on the life of my parents and everyone I love that Addison will be a happy child. She is my little bug already. I can't let go of her any more than I can let go of you. You are meant to be mine," he replied as he looked her straight in the eyes. She could see he meant his words, despite the fact that they were covered by a haze of lust. She allowed herself to see that future. She could see herself working for Esme and picking up Addie from school. Cooking dinner for her little family and spending holidays with the Cullens. She and Addie would have a family. She took a breath, closed her eyes and attacked him. Every kiss was a promise. Every touch was a thank you. Every shared breath was a brick in their foundation. After what felt for hours of just making out, Edward pulled himself away from her. "Is that a yes, baby? Or am I just imagining things?" he asked, with a cocky grin. "That's a hell yes, Cullen" And with that, they went back to losing themselves in each other. A/N: Thank you for reading. Please let me know what you think by clicking the review button *winks*