crest or name. It wasn't as extravagant as some of the jewellery she had seen in the stands but it wasn't plain and boring. "How much?" The old lady smiled mischievously at her. "For you? Free." Bella waved her hands in front of her. She really could not except that. It looked like real gold. Before she could rebuff Meredith, the little woman had grabbed her palm and placed the necklace in her hand with strength Bella was not expecting. "It belongs with you. wear it with pride. Here as a thank you for visiting, how bout a douse of some perfume?" Meredith Held up a medium sized vile with some shimmery, translucent liquid. Bella took the vile and opened it taking a sniff. "It doesn't smell like anything?" The fire in Merediths eyes only grew brighter. "It takes on a lovely smell when you put it on. Go on dearie! Just a bit on both sides of the neck" Bella hoped the confusion didn't show in her smile and dabbed a bit on both sides, Handing the vile back. Meredith wobbled back to her seat and shakily sat back down. Bella unfurled her fingers and gawked at the intricate necklace. Well, best not to look a gift horse in the mouth as grandma used to say. Bella unclasped the back and stringed it around her neck. It felt cool and heavy against her chest. Bella smiled one last time at the lady and walked away. When she had walked down past two stalls a wave of dizziness settled on her and she stumbled. Shaking her head she managed to clear it before it came back ten times stronger. It felt like some one was inside her, hand wrapped around her brain and heart pulling her down and down. Grasping one of the poles to the stall she tried to set off again only to end up grasping another pole a few feet down. Her heart was going like a hummingbirds. She couldn't see straight. Did she have heatstroke? She had kept hydrated. She needed to get out of here and lay down. The more she moved the faster the world span around her. The colours seemed so bright it hurt her eyes. The people buzzing around her faded in and out of focus with every heart beat. God what was wrong with her, where was her mother? This wasn't normal. She couldn't breath, she only ended up gulping in huge amounts of air. Everyone just kept on walking past her. No, she needed to leave NOW! Pushing off from the stall Bella bulked for it. She managed to get out of the crowd and down an alley way before she collapsed to her knees. Clambering back up on to unsteady feet, Bella held on to the wall as she tried to walk through the alley way. She felt like she was going insane. Things where flashing and she could here the old lady telling her not to worry loud and clear in her ear. It just made everything that much worse. The jerking on her heart got worse and she fell to her knees again. It was pulling her to the ground, no, through the earth. She needed out of here, out of this town. The down sensation was getting worse and worse by the minute and she couldn't stop it no matter how many times she rubbed her chest. Looking at the end of the alley way, she could see people moving around slowly. Too slowly. Bella squeezed her eyes shut and opened them again. it was still the same. Why wasn't anyone helping her? She needed a hospital. Bella fell to her knees one more time and gave up trying to stand. She would crawl if she had too. All she had to do was find her mother. She could hear someone calling her name but she didn't recognise the voice. It was male and deep. a rather vicious pull left Bella trying to claw into the dirt with her finger nails as she tried to pull herself to the ending of the damn alley way. She felt like she was dying. Voices in her head started whispering to her. That she needed to let go and let it happen. Yeah, she wasn't going to die so easily. Giving up on trying to move Bella tried to scream for help. All that left her throat was a broken sob. The pulling was becoming more frequent now. It felt like it was happening every heartbeat. The chanting in her head grew louder and louder. Let go, let go, let go. A flash of something not moving slowly, flickered across the exit. The chanting and the pulling mixed as one like a giant ticking clock in her head and she just wanted it to end. She felt like her mind was bleeding. Bella raised her face from the dirt and saw four boots. She used her last bit of strength to roll onto her back and looked up. The man from earlier, Amun was standing above her with a woman around his age. There was no mistaking it now, his eyes where red, just like his friends. The woman beside Amun was smiling broadly as if her dying was the best present she could ever have. Bella tried to ask for help but it was useless. Her voice box refused to work. The chanting still ever present the woman beside Amun lent down so her face was right next to hers. Her eyes where shining bright red and it was the only fact Bella could focus on. The woman opened her mouth and Bella hoped she was going to help. "Let go, Bella." Her body convulsed of the floor nearly snapping in two and only now did she scream. Everything faded to an eye burning white light that sizzled her eyes. The Pull she felt was the worst one yet and all Bella could do was fall into oblivion.