I hoped Jake and I would be that lucky when we were ready. Summer was quickly approaching and the sooner August got, the more nervous I got. Emmett was going to be a free man soon and I just didn't know how to feel. Jacob didn't know anything about Emmett, and I couldn't gather up the courage to tell him. I didn't want him think I was hiding anything. Because, I wasn't hiding anything. I didn't tell him about Emmett because when I met him I had just gotten to a good point with dealing with everything that happened. I didn't want to be talking about my best guy friend when I was trying to date Jake. It just didn't make sense. It was May when my mother kindly reminded me that I couldn't avoid Paxton Avenue forever and I'd eventually have to come home. Jarod's birthday was conveniently two weeks after Emmett would be coming home. He was turning twenty and there was no way I was going to get out of coming home. I told Jacob to stay in Jersey to get things done. I just didn't know how it would be actually seeing Emmett again and I didn't want Jacob there for that. I wasn't hiding it, but I needed to process this by myself. "Tell Jarod that I really wanted to be there." Jacob sighed as he put his present in my car. "This damn presentation came at a really bad time." "He gets it." I assured him. "Plus, he'll make you make it up to him so he'll get something out of this." "Something other than the five gifts we're giving him today?" "Yep. My snot nosed brother will think of something and some way of making you feel extra guilty." I laughed as I leaned in for a quick kiss. I got in my car and started the forty-five minute drive from Westwood to Bronxville. As I got closer to my street, I began feeling sick. It had been so long since I had really thought about Emmett. Every time I did think about him, it hurt too much. So, I just decided to keep him out of my head for the sake of my sanity. I pulled onto my street and bit my lip when I saw his parents' car sitting in the driveway. His parents being home didn't mean he was there, but where else was he supposed to go? He just got out of jail, and had nowhere to go. His parents weren't happy, but I know them. They'll take care of him until he doesn't need help anymore. I pulled into the driveway and basically ran to the front door. My parents greeted me with hugs and a bunch of questions about where Jake was. My entire family had taken an immediate liking to Jake and I was relieved when he got my fathers stamp of approval. I didn't think anyone would get past Charlie's checklist. After the rest of my family had arrived, we made our way onto the back patio. Dad started grilling the food and my family began grilling Jarod about his new girlfriend. Rachel. He seemed happy, and I was just glad it was him they were hassling. After dinner was served and everyone had a drink, my nerves had finally calmed down. It was my turn for fifty questions and I think my grandmother asked me ten times when Jake and I were going to get married. After the tenth time, I excused myself to get a glass of water from the kitchen. I grabbed the glass and filled it with ice before going to the sink to fill it up. As I was turning the faucet off that I looked up and saw Emmett standing in his kitchen through the window. I nearly dropped the glass when I saw him. When I saw him, all of the memories we shared began coming back to me and I had to cover my mouth to stop myself from screaming. All the pain I had suppressed over losing him when he went to jail erupted inside of me and I began to cry. He looked up and we locked eyes for the first time in five years. He was thinner than he was and it looked like he had lost all his muscle. Everything he worked for during football season. His hair was longer than I'd ever seen it and his eyes were just as blue. "It's okay, Bella." Mom whispered as she came inside the house. I turned around and raised my eyebrow at her. "It's okay to be sad and angry about what happened with Emmett." "I'm fine," I lied. But, my mother knew me better than anyone and shook he head. "No you aren't." She said simply. "Now, you go over there and get whatever closure you need. Whether you start up your friendship again or say goodbye forever." "Mom," I sighed. "It's Jarod's birthday…" "You both need this." She whispered. "He'll understand." She told me and I knew it was true. I had nothing left to argue about so I set my glass on the counter and made my way to the front door. I was shaking as I walked across the lawn. This was a house that I had always felt welcomed in, and I was dreading knocking. For once, I had no idea what was in store for Emmett and I. Once I walked up the three steps leading to the porch, I froze. Eventually, I mustered up the strength to raise my arm and ring the doorbell. It was the longest wait of my life and I didn't think the door would open. But, after only a few seconds, the doorknob turned and the door swung open. "Bella," He whispered, clearly stunned. "Hi, Emmett." I cried as tears streamed down my cheek. "You wanna come in?" He asked as he stepped away. I looked into his beautiful eyes and nodded.