would excuse me, I need to go find my locker and put my bag in there." Bella nods. She says, "I'll come with you." I try to maintain my smile. No offense Bella, you're my sister and all, but I don't want to depend on you - I mean, I need my own friends...right? Edward must have read my freaking mind or something because he pulls her back and tells her to come with him. Judging their expressions I can tell they're going to do more than notes. Walking to my locker, I dial in the combination and stuff my backpack in their. I grab my history book and notebook and walk to class. On the way there, I bump into someone. Looking up, I see a tall brown haired boy with brown eyes staring down at me. A tattoo is visible on his neck and a piercing on his nose. Wearing black skinny jeans and an Asking Alexandria shirt, his light blond almost cherry orange colored curly. He mutters, "Sorry." I shrug. "It's okay." I look up at him. He's not that taller than me, maybe 5'5". I continue, "So, I'm kind of new here. Where's the history room?" He flips his hair out of his face and says, "I'll show you, I'm headed there myself." I nod and smile, muttering my thanks. This guy must be a senior. I ask, "So, what's your name?" He continues to walk. He says, "Adam." I nod. He asked, "Yours?" "Kayla." When we get to the history room, almost everyone is already there. There are two empty desks in the way back, behind Bella and Edward. I bite my lip, seeing Bella cast a glance at Adam. We both move to sit down next to each other, both of us getting our books out. Looking to my left, there is a girl with black hair and blue streaks in her hair. Wearing black torn skinny jeans and a red plaid shirt, I look to her feet, seeing canvas shoes with mustaches on them. She looks over at me and says, "Hi." I smile. "Hi, I'm Kayla." "I'm Juliet." From then on, I could tell we were going to be great friends. Walking out of the history room, Juliet and I are both cracking up at something that Adam had said. Having to catch my breath, I end up laughing more. Juliet said, "I swear, if you say that again, Adam...you're going to pay for our medical bills." At that, Adam laughs. We walk by the lockers to our next classes, having to depart from Adam. We both have drama together. Walking by this jock, there is a shift in her behavior. Looking over at her, she looks down and her cheeks are flushed red. Looking back, I see the jock again. Eyes widening, I say, "No way." "What?" "You have a thing for that guy we just passed, don't you?" Biting her lip, she remains quiet. I smile and say, "I knew it!" She pleads, "Don't tell anyone. Please, Kayla." I shake my head. "I would never," I continue, "But what's his name?" She blushes but says, "Will...quarterback for the school's team." My mouth drops. "Wow, so, does he like you back?" She shrugs. I look up, seeing a sign on the door. I say, "Well according to the sign, there will be a dance in two weeks for us." I nudge her. Juliet smiles and says, "Okay, okay, I'll see…" I smile, walking into drama. Drama is a blast. Mrs. Whitney walks in the front of the class and says, "Your second quarter objective is as follows! You will get into a group of two, meaning you and one other partner, and will write a 'behind the scenes' script and perform it for the class. By 'behind the scenes' I mean whatever scene in between a real scene from a real play. For example, if in Much Ado About Nothing, you and your partner decide there could be an extra scene in the middle of two, that will be what you write and perform. By writing, I mean full blocking and scripture entailing everything you will need. With that, you must read whatever literature your scene will take place in. I will have specified end of course tests for you and your play, so don't worry." Okay, my last statement. Sarcasm. Mrs. Whitney continues, "As for your partner. I have chosen who you will be working with. First…" I wait for my name to be called. I hope it's with Juliet. I look over, seeing Juliet talking with Talia, a senior. Finally, my name is called. "Kayla Swan and Jasper Hale." My head whips towards Jasper. Jasper? He isn't the worst partner I could have gotten. I'm actually kind of relieved. Once we can get with our partners, I walk over to Jasper and sit down next to him. He says, "So first things first. What play should we do?" I shrug, "I was thinking Romeo and Juliet or maybe Hamlet…" Jasper nodded, pursing his lips, reading over the directions. I sigh. Jasper says, "Romeo and Juliet it is." He continues, "I think our roles are obvious. Maybe we could fit in a small scene in between the time she and him met." I nod. "And then let them have a small mini conversation, realizing they have real chemistry." Jasper nods, writing this down. I quirk my eyes. Why? I thought they had to fail. Jasper mutters, "You're confused." I look up and nod slightly. I say, "I thought you had to fail," trying to whisper. Jasper looked up, his golden eyes meeting mine, "It doesn't mean I should let that affect your grade, now should I?" His smile unravels me. I feel a twist in my stomach. I quickly try to forget that, changing my emotion...Bella had told me what his gift was...it's basically like Edward's, just far more developed. The rest of the class if filled with empty conversations.