ever endured. I would have gladly taken 60 strokes of the strap on my person instead of seeing my love in pain. On the 25th strike, Carlisle lets out a cry and his whole body shudders with pain. That's it, I cannot take more of this. I start to safeword, but Carlisle stops me before I can complete the word. He looks at me then and I see a strange sort of pleading expression in his blue eyes. His eyes beg me to continue as if he has not yet reached his goal . More than the threat of being send away, his eyes compel me to continue. I nod in understanding and harden my heart to continue. Giving him those last 5 strikes was undoubtedly the hardest thing I have done in my life. He is continually swearing and repeating some mantra that has my name in it. I guess he needs to do something to get his mind out of the agony. Finally, it is over. I throw away the blasted strap as far away as I can. And for the first time in my adult life, I break down completely. In less than a minute, I feel Carlisle taking me in his arms and I am home. I should be taking care of him, he must be in horrible pain, and instead as always he is taking care of my needs first. I cry and cry and cry in his arms and he never lets go. God, I don't know what have I done to deserve this man's love but I never want to be without it now. I am so so thankful for this man. I knew he loved me before this, but I have no doubt now about the depth of his love for me. The man just went through hell for me. CPOV I continue rocking Edward for about 10-15 mins before he was able to gain enough control over his emotions to turn in my embrace and look up to me. "Hey love, feeling better?" I ask softly. He nods and replies "Thank you, thank you very much Sir". "The scene is over love, we are just Edward and Carlisle now" I informed him. "How are you feeling now?" He thinks for a minute, and then replies "relieved, light, free..as if a heavy burden is lifted from my chest.. I feel as if I can finally breadth since… since…you know" he gives me a small smile, "thank you" Ah, I myself am relieved to hear that. A small part in me was scared that he will hate me for manipulating him like I did today. I kiss him lightly on the forehead, "Sweetheart, you cannot imagine how glad I am to hear this." And then I cannot stop myself from giving him a smug smile. He laughs "ok you can say it" "Say what love?" "That I told you so" Both of us laugh and then he gets serious again "Why?" he asks "Because you needed it sweetheart" "No, I mean why did you do it this way? Why did it have to be you and not me on this thing?" he points towards the bench. "Sweetheart, when I first found out about your patient today, I knew a good cry is the only thing that can help you get past this. I knew that would not be easy. I have seen you endure a lot of pain on your person without a single tear. It had to be something drastic, drastic enough to break through all your defenses. And frankly, this was the only way that I thought could work. 30 strokes with the strap may not be enough when you received them, but maybe they would be enough when it was me instead. I know firsthand how difficult it is to see someone you love in pain. I have endured it too many times with you, love. Every time I have to punish you, it would be much better if I was on the receiving end, so to speak. Physical pain is fairly easy to endure, when compared to the heart wrenching pain of seeing you hurting. I thought maybe it will be the same for you." "It is… Oh My God.. it is. I never, never want to go through this again" I took his face in my hands "Edward, I am sorry sweetheart. I know what I did today was not right. I gave you a task knowing that you will fail in it. And then I manipulated you into a situation you wouldn't have agreed to otherwise. I did not let you use your safe word when you wanted to. I did so many things wrong today. But please, please know that everything I did was only with the best intentions. Please forgive me sweetheart" "No, no please Carlisle, you have nothing to be sorry about. If there is one thing I know for sure – it is that I always come first for you, that I am your first priority. And today, today is the biggest affirmation of this belief. You went through so much just to make sure I feel better. I am so very thankful to you." "Stop thanking me sweetheart. What I did today was for selfish reasons. It is very difficult for me to see you in pain. I get a sense of fulfillment by being able to alleviate your suffering." "I will stop, if you stop asking for my forgiveness" "Agreed" we sealed our deal with a sweet kiss. Too soon for my liking, Edward pulled away and got up. "Now let me take care of you old man" he chuckled, "I know firsthand how hard it is to sit on a well whipped behind." "Who are you calling old?" I chided, but allowed him to lift me up. Of course he was right, I had forgotten why one should try and stand as much as possible after a good ass whipping.