back to loving. ''Come'', I said, leading her to the center of the room. When we were standing on the mat, I asked her to kneel down. I quickly got rid of my pants and boxers, freeing my dick. ''Open your mouth, love''. She willingly opened her mouth and took my entire length in. I started fucking her mouth then. She was an expert at this and had me panting for breath quickly. And when I was about to come, I pulled out of her mouth and quickly got dressed, without coming. I dont know how I managed doing it, it was surely one of the most difficults things in my whole life. When I looked down at Bella, shock and confusion evident on her face. ''Master...'' she began, ''may your girl speak?'' ''She may'' ''your girl doesnt understand, master'' she asked. ''This is the second part of your punishment, Isabella.'' She still looked confused. ''I will also not come till you are allowed to come again, Isabella''. I looked at her then. Extreme pain and regret was evident on her face. Her tears started flowing again. I wanted so much to wipe them away and kiss her, reassure her. But this could not be avoided, she needed to understand what her action would cost both of us and not repeat it. So I just kept quite. I could feel she wanted to say something though. I gave her permission to speak. ''Master, please dont do this. your girl begs you to reconsider the second part of her punishment. Increase her punishment. Dont allow her to come for the next 14 days. Cane her. She is ready to endure anything, anything at all, so that she retains the priviledge of pleasuring master.'' Bella was getting more and more agitated. And my heart was swelling with pride and adoration for her. My submissive was thinking of my pleasure and was ready to endure any additional punishment, even caning - a hard limit for her, to spare me. I knew my Bella loved me, but the depth of her love was only visible now. But, wait a minute, this was not my sub speaking, this was my wife speaking. My sub would never request me to reconsider any punishment, however painful be it for her. ''Isabella, are you suggesting that I should decide what punishment should be metted out to you after disussing with you?'' ''No master, never.'' ''End of discussion. Please clean up the playroom and go to sleep in your room. I had originally thought of inviting you to sleep with me, but you forfeited that priviledge by questioning my choice of punishment.'' I could see the pain in her eyes and knew that I'm being strict. But she did not say anything and I moved out of the room. I hope she knew how much it was hurting me not to take her to our room this instant. I knew I would not be getting any sleep today - I just could not lay on the bed alone tonight. I was in my study when I heard Bella going in the 'sub' room. She was still crying softly. My heart went out to her and it took all my self-discipline to not go to her then. But I promised myself that I will not be away from her even a minute more than necessary. Technically, she was required to sleep in the 'sub' room only till 6:30 am. Our playtime was to get over then and I fully intended to take my wife to our room then. BPOV To say that I was hurt by the second part of my punishment would be an under statement. I was totally devastated and angry at myself. My Edward would suffer now because of my lack of control. I wanted to kick myself. I just could not bear it, seeing him sacrificing his happiness for me. And thats why I begged him to rethink about this part of my punishment. And again I made it even worst - now he wouldnt even get the comfort of having me in his arms while sleeping. I started crying for his pain, not because I was being punished. I deserved even harsher punishment for the hurt I had caused him. After cleaning up the playroom, I silently went to the sub room. I saw the light of the study open and the door slightly ajar. I knew Edward was in there. On reaching the room, I quickly got ready for bed and cried myself to sleep. I dreamt that strong arms were lifting me tenderly and soft lips were placing a kiss on my forehead. ''Edward'', I murmerd in my dream. And was startled to hear his reply - ''Yes sweetheart.'' My eyes flew open and the scene in front of my eyes was like a dream come true. Edward had me in his arms and was walking towards our bedroom. I had no idea what was the time and hence didnt know how to address him - Edward or master. So I asked him the time. ''It's 6:30 am. Our playtime is over and I'm taking you to bed with me now.'' With that he entered our bedroom. After placing me on the bed, he quickly got in and took me in his arms. He was looking so tired. Touching his face, i asked him - ''Hey, didnt you sleep at all?''. He signed - ''Nah, couldnt. Without you here...''. I felt guilt wash over me again - I was the reason we were not together yesterday night. I had to ask him one question though, before we slept. ''Edward..''. ''Hmmm my dear''. ''I have to ask you this. Why the second part? You shouldnt be suffering for my mistake''. Edward smiled - ''My dear wife, do you really think I can have my pleasure when I cannot give it to you? Come on, I really really need to sleep with my wife now''.