I told her truthfully a slight smile on my face as well, she smiled wider at me and thanked me for my help. I nodded and led her over to her brother and the rest of my family so that they could get acquainted. "Everyone I would like you to meet Ethan's other sister Bella. Bella this is my family. That is Edward, Esme, Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper, and that small girl that is jumping up and down frantically is Alice." Everyone laughed, including Bella, as they watched Alice bounce happily in place. "Hi Bella, we're going to be great friends!" Alice nearly squealed as she pulled Bella into a tight hug, the loud crack of her spin made me believe that Alice had very well hurt Bella or killed her. As soon as she heard it Alice pulled away and all noise in the room ceased as we looked to Bella and saw the pain on her face, but it was gone immediately as she popped her spin back into alignment. We all looked at her with wide-eyes, except her brother and sister. Looks like they are use to this. "What?" Bella asked as she looked around at all our astounded faces. "Oh come on, it wasn't that bad. I've had worse." Her confession had us all laughing hysterically as she smiled at us widely. As the laughter died down Alice began to talk quickly, looking from Bella to me in the corner of her eye every few minutes. "I had a vision that you all were leaving after Bella graduates and you have Daniella's birthday. Where are you thinking of heading to?" Bella smiled at her lightly before looking at me through her glasses quickly then back to Alice. "Well we were actually thinking about heading into Forks." Alice squealed while jumping up, looks like she wasn't joking about the two of them becoming friends, because I have never seen Alice so elated to hear news such as this. Edward looked at me and nodded his head vigorously, I laughed lightly at his expression as he shook his head in an annoyed manner. Trying to get Alice out of his head I'm sure, I would hate to have his gift sometimes. "Oh my goodness that is so great! You get to come to our Halloween party-" Alice was cut off immediately by Rosalie, who looked very annoyed which is normal. "Alice I love you but not another Halloween party! We had one last year and you nearly invited the whole school. I get enough of those people when I have to see them at school I don't want to see them when I don't have to." She told her angrily while glaring, Alice just huffed with a small pout on her face before turning back to Bella with a light in her eye. "Okay so Halloween is out! But you, Ethan, and Daniella could all come over to our house and spend Christmas with us! What do you think?" Bella smiled widely as she looked to her brother and sister. Clearly not asking permission, which mean she makes the rules not Ethan. "I think that would be very nice Alice." "Yay! I so cant wait now!" she said happily while pulling Bella into a more gentle hug than before. She smiled while hugging back. And I must say it was very nice to see. After their show of affection everyone went back into light conversation, the Volturi's joined in as well when Aro came back. Bella and I got into quite a few discussions about the medical field and it was very nice to talk to her about it, she has learned so much, and most of it on her own and without a professor. She will be a great doctor when she finally gets out of college. I just cant wait to spend more time with her and get to know her better. ****My*Love**** I was sitting in my office looking at a book without reading it, my thoughts were centered around Bella. I can honestly say I have never thought so much about a woman before. This is new to me, but I know what it means. I smiled to myself as I looked back on the day, it was a very nice day and I would love to have another like it. It's great to know they will be living in Forks after Bella gets out of College. There was a knock on my door signaling someone was still home. I looked at the clock on the wall a little baffled I thought everyone went hunting after we got home. "Come in." I called while sitting back in my chair. Edward emerged from behind the door and I smiled widely. My oldest son and brightest, he and I have a very close relationship and I am always happy to see him at my door. "What can I do for you my son?" I asked as he came to sit down in the seat in front of my desk. He looked at me with a semi-serious, semi-playful look on his face, that worried me because this look is usually the one he gives Emmett before payback for a prank. He smiled softly before speaking and the words that left his mouth just made it all the more real. "So, Bella Swan is your mate?" Hey guys! i know this is a cliff hanger here but it has to be! sorry bout that i kno that i have been talking about getting this story up for a while and so here it is! lol well now that this is up i will update, or try to update all my stories, seeing as how my computer got fixed! thanks to my lovely husband! lol! well i will try and get all updates up as soon as possible! leave me some love on this chapter please i worked hard and i want to hear from you! Love, as always, Izzy!;)