bring his army here to rescue me. There will be war if you don't let me out!" Now she threatened. Like she always did. "And I will fight him. And I will let the dogs have at you before his army even reaches this castle." Edward replied. "He was just one general, Edward! And I'm carrying your child!" she screamed again. "He was the love of my life!" Edward growled. "And that is no child of mine! I only bedded you once, you vile whore! I know your affair with Newton. But I said nothing, nor did I punish you adulterers. I thought I had wronged you because I married you when I loved another, and I was ready to forgive your adultery. I was ready to make that bastard inside your belly Crowned Prince because I couldn't give you anything else!" Jane sobbed while Edward snarled. "I gave you everything a queen would ever need. I provided you anything you could have wanted. I never once touched Jasper after I had married you. I stayed faithful to you even though I have all the power to do anything my heart desires, all because of Jasper's compassion and loyalty to his queen. But you had to go and poison him. You took away the only thing that ever mattered to me, without even a hint of mercy. You call me insane, but it was you that took away my sanity. You brought this onto yourself, you disgusting bitch!" Jane always cried as she took in his words, the same words Edward said everyday. "I was jealous. I love you, Edward, but you would never give yourself to me! You always thought of only Jasper. I am your queen, Edward. Why couldn't you have loved me?" "Were." Edward corrected. "You were my queen. Now you're just a whore rotting your life away in this cell. May the gods burn your soul, Jane. Then maybe you'll understand a fraction of what you've done to me." Edward said, finally, before he left. He would come again tomorrow to say the same words. He would never let her forget. That would be kindness she didn't deserve. Then Edward would come to the Grand Hall to go over the matters of the kingdom. Then he would go over the matter of the funeral. And when that was all over, when he had nothing else to tend to, Edward would ride out to the apple orchard. He would sit under Jasper's beloved apple tree, now so tall and shady, and suddenly tears would come. The tree above him was still the same. The earth beneath him was still the same. The wind still blew. Everything was the same, and nothing was the same anymore. No more of his golden waves in sunlight. No more of his scent in the blowing wind. No more of his smile in falling leaves. No more love on this earth anymore. No more life, only memories that weren't enough. He was only thirty-three. Too young. Goodbye my friend . In mourning for Jasper's untimely death, Edward banned all music in the kingdom for a month. Everybody must wear only black clothing. Children born in this month must all be named Jasper. Fires were to be lit in every temple and church throughout the kingdom, and at nightfall everybody must pray for the spirit of General Jasper. Edward even had a temple built at Jasper's hometown in memory of his beloved. On the last day of the mourning was the funeral to lower Jasper's body to the ground. Jasper was placed in the King's Temple. All the generals stood in two lines alongside Jasper's sarcophagus, with King Edward kneeling before it. The sarcophagus was opened, revealing Jasper's ever lovely face. Edward held Jasper's cold hand. I have loved you since I was fifteen, Jasper. There had never been a love like ours. You've touched my heart. You've touched my soul. I've kissed your lips. I've held your hand. I've shared your dreams. I've shared your bed. You've changed my life, Jasper. My heart had always been yours. I've spent a lifetime with you Goodbye my lover. It might be over, but it won't stop there I still hold your hand in mine when I'm asleep. I still bare my soul to you when I'm kneeling at your feet. I love you, I swear it will always be true till the end of time. Goodbye my lover. You have been the one for me. The only one for me. Sleep, my lover. And I'll watch over you sleeping. Goodbye my lover, but not for long. I cannot live without you. The king knelt besides Jasper all day. At twilight, Jasper was laid down to rest under his beloved apple tree. Edward himself extinguished the Sacred Flame in the King's Temple. Normally, the fire was only extinguished on the death of the king himself. JEJEJEJEJEJEJEJEJJE Queen Jane miscarried in the dungeon, causing her to go mad with sorrow. She died eight years after Jasper's death. Edward visited Jasper's grave everyday for the rest of his life. The apple tree was always in full bloom. He had a temple built in memory of his beloved. Edward never had the chance to see the temple completed. Five months after Jasper's death, Edward passed away in his sleep, fulfilling his last promise to his lover. When the maids found his body, they said it seemed as if he was in peaceful slumber. The gorgeous crooked smile that Jasper had loved so much was on the king's lips. His hands were clutching an amber-stoned ring over his heart. And he was laid down by Jasper's side under the apple tree, according to his own instruction. And they were with each other. Together. Till the end. *hic hic* I'm so sorry it was such a sad story. Hopefully you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Reviews are, of course, appreciated. Until next time, Stormy Bella