her. There was a scream then I moved closer to the bed where she laid the girl and I saw Bella. She was screaming, crying, sweating and everything. Then I heard a crack and she screamed even louder. Then the vision faded until I couldn't see Bella anymore. And now I cant see her at all. Edward this isn't good! We have to get to Forks! What if something bad has happened and we weren't there for her? Edward!" I yelled his name through the phone hoping to get a reaction from him quickly as everyone went to the garage. Not even waiting for his okay. "I'll meet you there." was his simple reply as he disconnected the call. We all piled into the Jeep and Em floored it as soon as the doors opened. I quickly redialed my phone to make one last call before we made our way hastily back to Forks. Hopefully before my vision comes true. "Swan residence." an unfamiliar male voice said through the receiver, he sounded upset but I shook it off quickly before I responded. "I need to speak to Bella. Immediately. It's an emergency." "I'm sorry miss. Bella's not here right now, but if you'd like to leave a message I'll be sure that she gets it." "Ok, um, tell her that Alice Cullen called and to call me back as soon as possible." There was a brief pause and I thought that he may be writing that down but I didn't hear any rustling, in act I heard barely anything. "Alright. I'll make sure she gets the message. You have a nice night." he said flatly before hanging up on me. I stared at my phone for a moment then put it back into my pocket and sat back. What was that all about? And who was the man that picked up? It most definitely wasn't Charlie. I shook the thought and hoped to whatever is out there that Bella is alright and that we can make it in time before whatever was going on in my vision happens. I closed my eyes tightly before leaning my head onto the window. Please be okay Bella. We all love you very much and cant live without you. BPOV Lizzie had drug me around the mall all day long today and I was so tired I was surprised I could make it up the stairs before I dropped onto my plush white bed with my shopping bags on the floor. Lizzie had taken me out in hopes of lifting my spirits. She had, but it doesn't make a difference. I'll still end up a mess tomorrow morning. If the nightmares don't start making their way into my subconscious mind tonight. I would like to go one night without them. I mean there is one way I know of that will make them all go away, but I'm not sure if I want to go through all that again. I sighed heavily while turning over onto my back and staring up at the ceiling as I kicked off my converse and laid in the middle of the bed before pulling my favorite fuzzy green pillow into my arms and hugged it to my chest tightly. Lizzie told me that I didn't have to tell her my decision right away….but I think I already know what I want. I sighed heavily before rolling over onto my right side to look at the white wooden door that taunted me, tempting me to speak. I huffed loudly before clearing my throat. "Lizzie." I whispered, absolutely sure of myself. When she didn't come up to my room I huffed and got up from my bed and walked down stairs. I saw that Lizzie, Stefan, and Mike were sitting on the couch watching the news. When my big brother Stefan noticed my presence he looked up at me with vibrant eyes and a big smile. "Bellsy-boo. How are you baby sister?" I smiled at him tightly before looking Lizzie dead in the eye. She looked back with a sense of reassurance and nodded for me to say what I wanted. I took a deep breath and stood up straight before looking back into her eyes. "I want to be a half blood again." I said with dead determination in my voice and full confidence. Stefan's eyes widened and as did Mikes. Lizzie closed her eyes and I saw a tear slip from the corner of her eye. I knew they didn't want to see me go through this again. But it's what I wanted. I looked at my big brother and saw that he was about to say something to me but before he could even get the words out I was falling to the floor. He caught me in his arms before I hit and I felt the all to familiar wave of pain strike through my body as I cried out. Tears streamed down my face as I broke out into a sheen of sweat came over my body and I was burning up. I felt like I was on fire. Lizzie swept me up in her arms when Stefan made no attempt to and ran me up to my room. She busted through the door and laid me down as the boys piled around my bed. I was groaning and thrashing around the bed when I felt my sternum crack in two and I screamed at the excruciating pain that shot through me. My family staid around me as I screamed, cried, moved In anguish, groaning and everything in between. I hated for them to see me this way but they wouldn't leave. No matter how many times I begged. I knew this was going to be a long three days…..let's just hope I live through it all. hey guys i kno this chapter was short and all but i just wanted to set the mood before we get into it. please reveiw. x3's From Izzy