filling my veins, there was sadness too. Because I would have to leave. We both knew without speaking what had to happen. I could see it in Jake's eyes, and he could see it in mine. When I opened my mouth to speak, he stopped me with a kiss. "It's okay, Ness. It was more than worth it," he said, his eyes filled with emotion. I couldn't stop myself tugging him close for another kiss, which quickly became hard and furious, threatening to lead to a repeat of the previous night. When we finally separated, Jake very deliberately distanced us so our naked bodies were no longer pressed together. "I think you should get dressed, honey. You're entirely too tempting," he explained with a laugh. Thinking he was just as distracting, we collected our clothes, which were strewn all across the forest floor. Thanks to the warm sunlight, the snow hadn't made them too wet. But once we finished tugging on our jeans and tops, the hard cold reality set in. Jake and I just stood there staring at each other for what felt like forever, unwilling to do what had to happen. Finally, I broke the silence. "We should do this fast. Not drag it out. It'll be better…" I whispered, hugging my arms to my chest. I didn't really believe the words, and I was sure Jake knew it. But he nodded anyway. He looked as if he were about to speak; however, he then seemed to change his mind. Instead, he drew me close and kissed me softly, sweetly, lovingly. It was a goodbye kiss. Sucking in a deep breath, I forced back my rampaging emotions and ran my fingers through Jake's hair one last time. Then, I moved my hands so they covered his eyes. "Don't watch. Keep your eyes closed," I choked out, my heart thundering in my chest. Again, Jake nodded without speaking. I wondered if maybe he couldn't bring himself to talk, as if saying it out loud would make it real. But then suddenly his deep voice was reaching my ears one last time. "Goodbye, Ness," he whispered, the words shaky. I couldn't blame him, as I gritted my teeth to hold back a sob. "Goodbye, Jake," I replied, unable to resist kissing him lightly one last time. Then, with a whimper that came right from my very soul, I spun around and walked away. It took everything I had to keep myself breathing, to stop myself from collapsing beneath the pain in my heart. How was I supposed to do this? How could I go back to being alone when Jake now held my heart? How was I going to survive? It had only been thirty seconds, and already my will to leave was crumbling. Already my soul yearned to return to its mate. My feet didn't want to walk, and only the thought of Jake getting hurt kept me moving. I stumbled through the forest like I was drunk, oblivious to my surroundings. So oblivious I didn't notice someone was leaning against my rental car until I was just a few feet away. And it wasn't just someone. It was Jake. I gaped at him, at a loss for words. What was he doing here? How had he beaten me back? How had I not noticed his presence? I had so many questions, but I couldn't make my mouth move to ask them. But Jake, wonderful and caring Jake, knew exactly what I was thinking. He always did. "It took me all of two seconds to realize I couldn't let you leave again," he said hoarsely, his gaze fierce as he watched me. I forced myself to stay where I was and not walk any closer, even though all I wanted to do was run into his arms. "Jake, please don't try to stop me. I have to go. You know that. I can't stand it if—" I said, my body shaking with tension. Yet before I could finish my protest, Jake was surging forward, cupping my face with his hands, silencing me. "I'm not here to stop you, Ness," he answered, his eyes alight. Then, to my amazement, he grinned. "I'm going with you." … Leaving La Push was a very different experience to entering it. When I had arrived, I had been full of fear and excitement and worry, my emotions rolling, out of control. Now, sitting in the passenger seat of my rental car, I was calm. I was calm and filled with all different emotions. Surprise. Happiness. Peace. Love. Shifting in my seat, I glanced over at Jake. After half an hour of making out against the side of the car, he had insisted on driving. I hadn't had the energy to protest, dizzy with desire. Even then, I was still filled with the electricity of his touch, hyper aware of his presence. By the amount of looks he was throwing my way, the feeling was mutual. If he hadn't been a shapeshifter, I would have been worried about how little attention he was paying to the road, and how often his eyes lingered on me instead. But he was supernatural. We were both were. And we could live together forever. If we wanted to, that was. I wasn't sure if I loved Jake yet. Everything had been such a whirlwind, and I was still trying to process it all. But I knew I would one day. I had no doubt. I could feel it in my heart. And my heart also knew one day he would love me, too. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)