it open and found myself in the brightly lit lobby, a few people flitting about. Not a lion-maned man in sight. This was stupid. Did I think my hallelujah moment was going to make him appear in front of me with a frickin' halo? Did I think angels were going to lead me to my anonymous stranger? Ugh. So stupid. I shook my head, closing my eyes as I tried to determine what to do: go back and watch the rest of the stupid movie or just walk home? Home it is, I thought, looking at the multi-colored carpet as I speed walked my way across the lobby. I passed the concessions stand and while the rough sex had made me hungry, I wasn't in the mood for popcorn, so I walked on without looking. "Hey!" Someone at the concessions stand yelled. I turned around to see my beautiful stranger making his way to me from behind the popcorn machine. He was wearing a shirt with the movie theater's logo on it, which I hadn't noticed earlier; I had obviously been distracted by other parts of him. I stood motionless, as I waited nervously for him to reach me. I'd walked out of the movie hoping to find him, but now I had absolutely no clue what to say, and I nervously twirled my hair around my finger as I watched him. Hallelujah, what a beautiful creature. "You work here?" I asked as if that wasn't both obvious and extraordinarily unimportant. "Yeah. You watching a movie?" He smiled a beautiful magazine-cover smile at me. "Um. I walked out. Stupid movie, bad company," which wasn't at all the " I wanted to find you, you gorgeous demi-God" that was really on the tip of my tongue. But he seemed to like my answer anyway as his smile grew bigger. "Wanna watch a better one with me?" His eyes twinkled as he held out his hand, and I didn't think twice about placing my own in it. "Definitely. No, wait. One condition." "Well, you can't backtrack after a 'definitely' like that, but sure," he winked. "I want to know your name by the end of the movie." He just laughed at me. "How about now?" He stood up straighter, shaking my hand with the same hand that had previously been holding his absolutely admirable appendage. "I'm Edward Cullen. And you are?" "Bella Swan," I replied, suddenly feeling shy. "Nice to finally meet you, too." "Do tell me how you two met, Isabella?" I was sitting on a pristine beige couch, sipping tea from a flowery cup, wearing my Sunday best. My white blouse had been ironed, my navy skirt was brand new, my shoes were sleek yet modest, and my pantyhose were, miraculously enough, holding up without any holes and ladders in them. Edward's mother was sitting in front of me, looking far more put-together than I did despite all my effort, and her question was innocent enough, but it almost made me choke on my tea as I remembered our first meeting. "Um. We met at the movie theater, Mrs. Cullen. I went to see a movie, he was working that night, and the rest is history." Hey, I wasn't lying. Mrs. Cullen huffed a little, and I was glad Edward had prepped me: his mother hated his job, saying that it wasn't necessary to do something quite as common . She was rich and stuffy and everything about her screamed Old Money. However, Edward had wanted to work while finishing his studies and had gone against his mother's wishes. I knew the huffing was mostly her annoyance about his job and where he spent most of his time. That old, art-deco theater where we'd met had been in his father's family for decades, and he loved the place. Seemed Edward had inherited not only the building but also his dad's passion for movies; another reason his mother was so against it. That, or she was just really displeased with the fact that her son was now dating a commoner , and couldn't find it in her to be polite about it. "And my son informed me that you are moving in together, is that correct?" "Yes, ma'am," I nodded as Edward walked back into the room. "Is that not a tad… overzealous? Too soon?" Mrs. Cullen asked, clearly not approving of our decision. "Mother!" Ah, thank you, Edward, for saving me from the rest of this conversation. "We've talked about this. It's been four months; we just hadn't had a chance to let you meet Bella yet. And it's our decision." Mrs. Cullen simply nodded. "I will go and get you some more tea. Excuse me." She stood up and stiffly walked off towards the kitchen. I exhaled a shaky breath. I was so incredibly uncomfortable with all of this. The money, the beige couch, the cleanliness, the Old Money culture, the fact that I wasn't wearing my trusty jeans, the disapproving mom… "Hey," Edward whispered in my ear. "Wanna sneak off to the bathroom?" His mind was clearly in the same gutter as mine was, remembering the way we started, and how I made the best decision ever by walking into the men's room that day. My loud snort was undoubtedly heard in the kitchen. His mind was clearly in the same gutter as mine was, remembering the way we started, and how I made the best decision ever by walking into the men's room. Revolutionary feminism, indeed. Edward chuckled and kissed my cheek. "Are you alright, Bella? You look a little flushed…" Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)