thing that seemed too matter was him and I. His hands waste no time and go to the hem of my top. With one smooth motion he'd taken the top over my head and was pulling me into his lap. It felt so good to straddle his lap and be dominant. He let my lips trail from his so that I could kiss his sweet neck. Slowly I made my way from the bottom of his neck to his ear and start to nibble on it a bit. His breathing quickened and his hands started to trail along my legs. "I want you," Those three words coming from my mouth. They were enough to throw him of the edge. Jacob picked me up, all the while kissing me again. He laid me on the bed and set himself on top of me. No weight however was pushed onto me. Jacob's quick movements had already taken my bra, skirt and now my panties. With shaky hands of excitement I push down his boxers and the shorts that he had borrowed. Leaving him naked. I scratch his back with utter pleasure as he enters me. Jake kisses me tenderly, we lay in the big double bed all cuddled up. It was nice until a series of loud banging started coming from the other side of the door. "Ness? Are you in there? Get your ass out here now." Fuck Mom. Grumbling I get out of bed quickly and retrieve all my clothes then slip them on. "Shit is that your mom should I like hide in the bathroom or something?" I just look at him and roll my eyes, suddenly I didn't feel so good. "No Jake she's not stupid she knows you're in here as well." More banging came from the door, it vibrated in my head giving me a migraine. "Stop your freaking banging, I'm coming now." That of course was not enough for my mother since the door smacked open, hitting the wall with a nasty bang. "Out, now." She was keeping her temper at bay, as a very startled and naked Jacob looked at her with utter shock and embarrassment. I walked out of the room, trying to keep my head down. Everything was silent. Smirking and laughing started up from all angles of the halls as I walked after my mom . "Busted, you little bitch." Sam's voiced roared over the crowd and then of course laughter erupted. I scrambled quicker after my mom and out into the cold. "No phone call, no fucking text ness, what the hell is wrong with you?" She shouted. Still not out of ear shot from the surrounding party who had followed us out. "You could have called, or maybe asked Jess' dad, I mean he dropped me off mom. "I couldn't get hold of anyone that knew where you were! I got home and the damn house was empty Ness, do you know how worried I was? or Esme and Carlisle?" "Sorry, it's not as though I wasn't safe." By now her face was red. She had stormed over to the car, motioned for me to get in with one finger and then got in herself. The buzz must be making me brave. "It's not the fact that you were at a party. Or even that you were drinking. Okay, it was that I had no idea where you were! You weren't picking up the phone Ness." Suddenly I felt weak and sick. I was suddenly in no mood to argue my case. "Alright calm down." I mumble. "You know what. You're grounded. I fucking hate this attitude on you and quite frankly you will learn. I'm sure in the morning you'll be doing nothing but apologizing." That was the end of the conversation. I couldn't argue, I felt sick and I just really wanted my bed. Taking comfort in the ice cold windows that my head was leaning against I tried to not throw my guts up. It didn't work. Just before we rounded the corner to our street, I opened the door and threw up. Mom had to stop the car suddenly and cursed at me for giving her no warning and for being stupid. "You'd prefer me to throw up in your car?" I ask angrily as I stomp up to the front door. James opens it before I can knock. I knew that he was going to give me a lecture and I was in no mood. So I push past him rather rudely and say "don't even fucking bother." I needed alone time with my bed. So as soon as I get to my room I lock my door. Being drunk and naturally clumsy didn't do wonders for me and so as I tried getting dressed into my PJ's I stumbled across my room knocking things over. "Ness keep it down." My mom's voice came from the bottom of the stairs With Irritation in her voice. Hairband. I need a freaking hairband. In search of a hairband to tie back the ridiculous amount of hair in my head, I decide to look in my mom's box in my bathroom. There it was a picture of a young man with a younger mom she looked about my age. They looked happy, young and care free, but his eyes, they look just like mine. It was him. I hated him, why the fuck did she have this? Why the fuck is this in my bathroom? Before I could stop myself I had grabbed the nail scissors that were on the side and proceeded to viciously cut up the picture. The boy's face was now just ribbons on the floor of a photo that used to be. I went to bed angry that night. Angry at everything. Everyone. Angry at him. If you like what you've read or you have anything you want to suggest or ask about, leave a review, would love to hear what you think!