head. The weight of a baby in your arms isn't necessarily the mass that you hold, but the feelings that they stir inside of you. The love Bella felt for Elsa at that moment filled every part of her muscles, bones and blood. That little girl made her complete. She never experienced emotions like that before. " You look like a mother," Renee pointed out, as she watched Bella lovingly caress Elsa's downy hair that resembled the soft feathers of a chick that was recently hatched. "I think she might be a blonde." "It can still darken, Renee," Edward's mother, Esme disagreed. "My Alice started out that fair and her hair is dark like ink now." Esme fluffed Bella's pillow behind her head. Bella just smiled and as she nursed her baby. Over Elsa's head, Bella took in her mother's appearance. Renee had lost a lot of weight and, on her already thin frame; it had made her look malnourished. Her eyes had lost their spark and the dark circles underneath them made her appear sickly. " Mom, are you feeling alright?" Bella asked worriedly. It had been a happy time a few years prior when Bella's marriage to Edward brought forth their reconciliation. Holding onto grudges, Bella learned just caused more pain. Forgiveness, however, brought Bella a peace she never knew that she could find when thinking about her mother It wasn't an outpouring of forgiveness, but a few phone calls to talk about mundane things. A couple of visits to Florida's beaches, where mother and daughter would sit on beach chairs, drink ice tea and watch the sun lower on the horizon. It was a cheerful email just to say hello and an occasional lovely card to say that you thinking about each other that created the healing that the duo needed most. " I'm just tired, sweetheart. Too busy worrying about my baby having her own baby," Renee stated, as she rocked in the rocking chair next to Bella's bed. "Maybe I just need a little nap." Renee's eyes closed as she rocked slowly. Something was very wrong. "You should have told me about the cancer sooner, Momma," Bella said quietly. "Carlisle knows people. It wouldn't have been an inconvenience." Renee had hidden her diagnosis from everyone for many months. She was relied on herbal remedies and by the time Bella's father-in-law could examine her it was too late. The malignant tumors had ravaged her body and crushed her spirit. The fight in Renee had disappeared slowly along with her dreams of seeing her first grandchild grow into a lovely woman. Bella grabbed both of Renee's clammy hands in hers. "Momma, I'm sorry if I gave you a hard time when I was growing up. I will always love you. I need you to at least hear that and know that my heart is always going to have a big part of you in it." She kissed her mother's lips, before placing her head back on her mother's chest to get the reassurance of its beating song. It was the final time. The steady and constant beat stilled at the kiss that expressed a daughter's love. The monitors' beeps momentarily stopped before the alarms sounded. Bella held onto her mother tighter as the realization dawned upon her. "Oh no! Mommy, please don't leave me! No!" The room filled with staff, as nurses and orderlies pried her off Renee's lifeless body. Bella continued screaming, "Save her! Oh god, please save her!" An older kind faced nurse lowered Bella into a chair. "Oh we can't, darlin'. She signed a DNR. Your momma's goin' to a better place. She'll be up in heaven with Jesus." Bella wept harder and more violently, unable to stop. "Mommy! Don't leave!" Edward entered the room and as soon as he saw his inconsolable wife, both Styrofoam cups he held in his hands crashed to the floor. The hot coffee made puddles at his feet. He ran over to her and held her tight. "I'm so sorry, honey! She's at rest now. No more pain." Words did nothing to console, Bella. It was her tears that would ease her soul. XXXXXX Elsa ran along the beach, as Edward chased after her. Little feet kicked up sand crystals that sparkled in the sun. It was the joy of youth and the happiness of fatherhood that Bella observed from her beach towel. Jane Eyre rested, forgotten, on her lap as she took in the show. This was the first summer that Bella had returned to the island of Assateague since the time she lived on nearby Chincoteague with her mother. Bella pushed her sunglasses on the top of her head to stare at the waves. She was happy to finally share the beauty of this sanctuary with her family. Though Elsa's constant begging for a pet hermit crab was beginning to wear on both of her parent's nerves. Renee would have loved to see her granddaughter's enjoyment of this place. The seashells that filled Elsa's bucket would have brought Bella's mother countless enjoyment with all the fun crafts she could have created with them. "Mommy! It's a horse!" Elsa exclaimed excitedly. Edward had placed the little girl on his shoulders. Elsa pointed down the beach. "There he is!" Once standing, Bella saw a horse standing in the surf. It was very rare to see horses on the beach at this time of day when humans would be frolicking with their surf boards and sand buckets. The horse looked familiar to Bella with his white fur covered in splotches of brown. He whinnied as if he was greeting the visitors to his beach. "Spot," Bella whispered. She could smell hints of jasmine and honey in the air. For the first time since Renee's death, Bella could feel her mother all around her. The horse stared at Bella and she stared right back at him. Bella, possibly for the very first time, believed in miracles and it was magical.