I hope he is, his head made a pretty scary sound, I hope he's okay. I'm so sorry, Principal, sir, and I know I was wrong, and I'm willing to take all the blame and whatever consequences you think are fair. I accept them, and I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me. Just please, don't punish my friend Rose for my actions, I don't know what I would do if I hurt somebody else…I'm so, so sorry." I looked down, even managing in a few fake sobs into my hands. Principal Buchar came over and patted my shoulder, with a sympathetic look on his face. Good, he bought it. Rose should be clear of any repercussions. Which was even better, because Lauren deserved it. "I see. I can tell you know what you did was wrong, and you regret your mistake, which is very good, Ms. Swan. I also know that you had to miss a few days of school last year because you were being treated by a psychologist for traumatic events that happened when you were younger. I have some notes that say you form very deep attachments as a result, and are expected to be very reliant on and protective of your friends, as well as loyal. It even says that if you are away from them for too long, especially Mr. Whitlock, you could even have panic attacks and breakdowns." I knew those forged notes would come in handy sometime. "All things considered, it was very understandable that you would defend your friend from bullying, even if I disapprove of the physical way you had to handle the confrontation. However, since you understand and regret the things you did wrong, I will be sure to take that into account when thinking of a fair consequence." I smiled secretly into my hands, under the guise of more sobbing. Looking up at him, I made sure I looked relieved and grateful, but also still a little regretful. "Thank you, sir, I appreciate that very much. I am very, truly, deeply sorry for my actions." He smiled understandingly at me, and that was when I knew I had him, hook line and sinker. As I left the office to rejoin my friends at lunch, I saw Principal Buchar seemingly scolding my 'teacher' for jumping to conclusion and overreacting rashly, and that was just the topping to the cake. I also passed a shaken-looking Mike and Jessica and a bleeding Lauren on the way back, and I smirked tauntingly at her. I recounted all this for said friends as soon as I rejoined them, where Rose had recovered and everybody was assuring her that her reaction was understandable, and Lauren was absolutely lying. She already harbored some guilt, thinking that if she had been a better daughter, her mother wouldn't dove into her work so much, and wouldn't have been one of the only ones in her office that Sunday when the disgruntled ex-employee came in with a gun and nothing but blind rage in his head. Rose looked at me, saying, "You didn't have to take responsibility for that, Izzy. I was the one who punched her, I should suffer the consequences." Smiling good-naturedly, I assured her, "Don't worry about it. Lauren deserved it, I mean, I would've done much worse if you didn't. Besides, this way I could talk Buchar into giving out a lighter punishment. Plus, this way that teacher that has it out for me even more than the others got a stern scolding. Remember the excuse I gave for our absence at school after the whole James and Victoria thing? I knew that would come in handy later on." She smiled, giving me a hug, which was rare for Rose to do, especially in public. We both weren't very overly touchy-feely or affectionate. Except with our respective boyfriends. Alice spoke up then, while squirming her way into our hug. "She's right. Lauren did deserve it. Even I was going to punch her in her lying mouth. You just beat both of us to it." The guys all nodded in agreement, Emmett stealing Rose away from our embrace to envelop her in one of his signature bear hugs. He then kissed her, reassuring her over and over until he was satisfied that she was okay and wouldn't take Lauren's words to heart. Rose gave him a smile so filled with love that it was almost blinding, and the thought made my own heart warm. I looked at Jasper, giving the couple their privacy, and he smiled back at me. I don't know about him, but I was thinking once again, how lucky I was to have such close and healthy relationships with my friends. Well, that and how much I'd like to bash in Lauren's face, too. That's more like the Izzy I know. Hello, Skydd. Oh? You're actually being nice and polite? You must really be feeling that warm and fuzzy. I mean, your replies are only one or two words, too. I am. Well, then. I don't really know what to do. Normally, I annoy you for fun, but if you don't react, then it's not fun anymore. Oh? Yeah. Sigh. Oh well. I guess I could compliment you. On what? Your persuasion skills. On Principal Buchar. Pretty good, Izzy, even I have to admit. Thanks. Yeah. Oh, and another thing. Since I'm being nice. Yes? Earlier? When I accidentally let it slip you'd be seeing Pete and Char soon? Uh-huh… Well, you have to go to them. I have the address, and you have to go soon. Like, this weekend during break. By the way, how do you feel about a road trip to Texas? WHAT? AN/: I FINALLY GOT MY POWER BACK! YEAH! I'M ACTUALLY WARM! Anyways, I hope you liked the first chapter...thanks to all the reviews, favorites, and follows. I looked at my email alerts, and was all like, "WHOA!" Which is usually a good thing. Hehe.