thing left to do was to put my outfit on. I checked my phone and had a text. 'Alice won't let me in. How are you doing? Jasper :) x' 'Im fine, pleased with what Alice has done actually :) Bella x' It was 2pm. Alice was just taking a quick shower and getting herself ready at vampire speed so I didn't have long before my pixie best friend was at me again. Just then, the door opened and Rose walked in. Before I had a chance to react, she put her hand up to silence me. "I know we aren't friends, and might never be, but I'm here to make a truce. Peace offering if you will. Here," she handed me a simple plain gold bangle, medium sized gold hoop earrings, and a long dangling gold chained necklace with a large crystal, old styled key and large solid silver heart. I stared at the items she handed me. I liked them. Maybe we had some things in common. "I knew you would like them, and I thought they would match your dress for tonight. I helped Alice pick it." Rose said with a small smile. I returned the smile with a whispered "thank you." She nodded her head at me and left the room. I was dumbfounded. I couldn't even think straight. Just then Alice came out wearing a baby pink halter dress with an open back that left nothing to the imagination and black open toed stiletto's. She smiled at me and pulled out a dress bag and shoe box. I took a deep breath. Here we go. I opened the dress bag first. There staring at me was a mid thigh length dress with three quarter sleeves. Modest and plain. I smiled. I liked it. Alice smiled even wider. I opened up the shoe box next. There staring back at me were not a pair of heels, but a pair of black pointed toe flats with gold studs. As if to accentuate the shoes, Alice pulled out a black studded waist belt. The outfit was perfect. I was looking forward to tonight now! I couldn't wait to show Jasper. "I knew you would love it." Alice said. I smiled in return and happily got dressed. Once all done, Alice grabbed my phone and took a photo of me just as I turned to face her after admiring myself in the mirror. "What was that for?" I asked. "Just sending it to Jasper." She replied with a smirk on her face. I went to object but she already sent it. Not a moment later there was a knock on the door. Alice opened her door and there stood Jasper in a black tight fitting t-shirt, dark blue faded jeans that hugged him in a the right places, and well worn brown cow boy boots! Oh my! Alice slipped out of the room leaving us alone. He stood there and looked at me hungrily, up and down. He walked toward me slowly. It felt like an eternity before he reached me. "That dress exceeds anything I ever imagined it looking on you." He whispered close to my ear. I shuddered. He wasn't even touching me. "In that case, I might wear it more often." I squeaked out. He chuckled snaking a arm around my waist and putting his hand under my chin to tilt my face up to his. He looked at me, asking permission. I nodded slightly, he didn't need to be told twice. His lips met mine gently at first. Lovingly, sweet, chaste. He pulled back slightly then kissed more deeply. I put my hands in his hair and balled my fists. I could tell he liked that. His hand glided to my backside and I gasped, giving him the perfect opportunity to slide his tongue in. The moment was short lived. Alice stomped back in and cleared her throat. We both pulled back and glared at Alice. "As much as I'm glad your both having your first kiss, I don't have time to re-do Bella's make up." Jasper and I both rolled our eyes and pulled away from each other. "We are leaving in 20 minutes. Are you ready Jasper?" Alice asked. "I've been ready since you dragged bella off to play Bella-Barbie." Jasper deadpanned. I giggled and Alice rolled her eyes. "No funny business. Not until we at least get there." Alice warned, using two fingers to gesture she was watching us, then walked out leaving the door open. I took a deep breath and looked at Jasper. "To be continued." I said. He just smiled, grabbed my hand and placed a kiss on the back of my hand. He could be so sweet. "Where are Carlisle and Esme? I haven't seen them since last night." I asked. "There was some emergency at a medical research lab in New York. I'm not sure how long they will be gone for, but they didn't say what the emergency was." Jasper said. I wonder what the emergency was. I suppose if it was detrimental they would have called in. "Ok. I would have liked to see them after what happened this morning, but I'm sure I'll see them soon enough." I said with a smile. Jasper kissed me cheek. "Don't stress darlin'. Everything is and will be fine." Jasper said with a smile. "Ok, I believe you." "Ready for our first date?" "Got my fake I.D?" I said with a smirk. "Of course ma'am." Jasper said with a bow. I giggled and he grabbed my hand and we walked down the stairs together. "ok let's get going! We still need to get Bella some dinner so she doesn't fall on her ass after 2 drinks!" Alice said. "She doesn't need two drinks to fall on her ass." Emmett said laughing. I glared at him. "Let's just go." I grunted. Emmett grabbed me up in a bear hug saying "but I still love you, Belly!" Damn you Emmett!