beach. Last night while we were at the bonfire I had the boys set up a wireless stereo system that way I could play the song Leah had me pick out. The service was amazing, it last about an hour. As Leah, Seth, and Sue made their way to the water to pour Harry's ashes I hooked up my iPod and played See You Again by Wiz Khalifa feat Charlie Puth. I had begun to sing along as soon as the song started, and I was also crying a little to. [Charlie Puth:] It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again (Hey) [Wiz Khalifa:] Damn, who knew? All the planes we flew Good things we've been through That I'll be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up Look at things different, see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place (see you in a better place) Uh How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride [Charlie Puth:] It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (I see you again) We've come a long way (yeah, we came a long way) from where we began (you know we started) Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (let me tell you) When I see you again (Aah oh, aah oh Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) Yeah [Wiz Khalifa:] First you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turn to a friendship A friendship turn to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost (and the love will never get lost) And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reach So remember me when I'm gone (remember me when I'm gone) How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride [Charlie Puth:] So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take, will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again (Aah oh) (Uh) (Aah oh) (Yeah) (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Ya, ya) When I see you again (Uh) See you again (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Yeah, yeah, uh-huh) When I see you again After the song was over I saw that everyone was staring at me and they were crying as well. "What?" I asked them. "We never knew you could sing, and that song was perfect." Sue said wiping the tears from her face. "It was a secret of mine. I heard the song one day and loved it when Leah asked me to pick a song I knew that it was perfect." I told them shrugging. "Well it was especially when you sung along. Can you make me a copy of the song? And then another one with you singing along?" Sue asked, causing everyone to nod in agreement with her. "I sure will, and as for me singing I'm not that good but I'll do it for you." I told her. "Mini don't underestimate yourself you can sing." Sam said. "Sure thing Sam." I told him, not really believing him about me being able to sing. We spent then next few hours just hanging out on the beach and telling stories about Harry, I looked at my cell phone and saw that it was around noon. "Hey dad can I talk to you for a minute?" I said then asked my dad. "Sure kid." I walked away a little, though I knew that most of them would still be able to hear what was said. "What's up kid?" My dad asked me. "Will you be ok with me going to Seattle for a couple of days?" I asked him. "Sure, but why is it that you want to go?" "I just want to go and do a few things there before we move to Hawaii is all." "Well alright then, just promise to check in every now and then." "I will, and when I come home there is something else that I would like to talk to you about." I told him and gave him a hug. "Ok kid." I walked back over to where everyone else was at and said. "I know that most of you heard what was said and I promise to check in with you all as well." "You better Mini." Sam said giving me a hug. "I will. Alright I'm gonna head home and pack for a couple of days." I told them as I gathered my things, then gave everyone a hug and made my way back to my house. After I had everything packed and ready to go I made my way out the door and to my truck but I never made it out of my drive way. "Bella." A/N Please review and tell me what you think. I have another chapter coming right after this one.