pictures on Edward's desk but he doesn't know that I know yet. We just arrived in Texas for Charlotte and Peter's wedding. We are spending a couple of days here before moving to Montana. The wedding was beautiful, Peter and Char danced to Amazed then Jasper and Char danced to My girl since Jasper gave her away. Peter and Char left to go to Bora Bora for their honeymoon so we all headed to our new homes. We arrived in our new home and I couldn't have been happier, I also noticed all the houses around ours for sell signs were disappearing. The family started moving into the houses surrounding ours except for Bella and Mike who stayed in Forks. 4 years later: Today is graduating day from college, I got my nursing degree, and Edward has his bars test tomorrow, and I agreed to stop taking birth control after today. I start my new job next week working at the same hospital mom, Carlisle, Alice, and Char work at. The girls were always stopping by to talk with me or do homework together. Before I get ready for the graduation party Alice planned a few weeks after graduation I'm dancing around my kitchen baking Edward a cake with a special saying on it. Edward walked in and noticed me then decided to have some fun with me, and started spinning me around the kitchen. Tomorrow is Edward's birthday and it is the perfect time to tell him he is finally going to be a daddy. When Edward went upstairs to change I quickly wrote 'Happy birthday daddy' on his cake before hiding it in the pantry in the kitchen. I couldn't wait to see his face so I set up a video camera for tomorrow so I could record it. I went upstairs and slipped into my dress for the party. Edward helped me into the car and we drove the block to Alice and Jasper's place. I watched as everyone got plastered. Edward and I only have a glass of wine at dinner but since I'm pregnant I have to drink juice or tea. I cook almost every night for Edward and he loves it, the only time I don't cook is when I'm working late or just too tired. Edward and I laugh at Jasper and Emmett because they become goofy drunks. The girls and I have girls nights out some times but I guess we will have to cool it on those until after the baby is born. Edward bought a golden retriever last year and we named him Rex, I wonder how he will react to the baby. We finally went home, changed then went to the kitchen, I couldn't wait anymore to tell him, so I turned on the camera and sat the cake down in front of Edward, who stared at it. Edward looked up at me then back at the cake before a huge grin spread across his face, he raced over to me and spinning me in circles. "Are you serious?" he asked sitting me down on the counter. "Yes even the doctor confirmed it." I said before he kissed me desperately. I called my parents and told them they were so excited that dad called Bella and I knew she wasn't going to be happy since no one got this excited over her son being born. 9 months later: Edward went to every doctor's appointment I had and was over the moon in joy when he found out we were having a son. Mom and dad are here for support as I wait for my little boy to be born. The girls threw me a baby show a few weeks ago and we have everything a baby could possibly need. After several hours little Edward was born with a loud cry, Edward and I were both crying tears of joy as I held our precious bundle. "I would like to introduce Edward Anthony Mason the 3rd." Edward said with pride as he held our son up for our family to see. Two months later, I was just informed that Bella was moving to the neighborhood, Mike's business went belly up so they were starting over. Mike will be working for Rose who now has her own mechanic's shop, while Bella stays home and takes care of Sean. Today they were coming over, I sighed as I put little Edward in front of the TV with sharks tale playing while I cooked dinner. Dad came in and started watching the movie with little Edward in his lap. "Auntie Kira" I turned and smiled as Sean ran into the room and hugged my legs, I bent down and hugged him back. "Hey there Sean, you sure have gotten big. Why don't you go watch the movie with little Edward and grandpa." I said handing him a cookie, he raced out of the room, I giggled then went back to cooking pot roast for Edward's dinner. I walked out into the dining room where my purse was sitting and saw Bella digging through my wallet. "What the hell do you think you are doing?" I yelled snatching my wallet and purse out of her hand. "I was just taking one of your many credit cards." she said simply like it was no big deal that I just caught her stealing from me. "No you were stealing, I never gave you permission to go through my purse or take anything out of it. Get out of my house Bella." I said seething in rage before taking my purse to my bedroom and locking the door. I walked into the kitchen and could hear Bella making excuses for what she did to dad. I shook my head disappointed in her. I heard her leave the house, she never darken my doorway again. Edward and I went on to have many children and grandchildren, and the family continues to grow to this very day. The End