a relationship should not be smiling like that at someone who had interfered with their relationship. Hurt welled in her when she saw Jasper winked at Edward-Jasper who was more beautiful and angelic than ever because he wasn't high or drunk or tainted anymore-and saw Edward blushed at the unexpected attention. Because someone who just broken up with someone else wasn't meant to blush like that . She stayed as long as it was appropriate. Then, bidding Rose and Emmett a lifetime of happiness, she fled the scene with hope of burying this day forever in the dark recess of her memory. She caught them behind the chapel, far away from prying eyes, tangled in one another. Jasper had Edward pinned against the brick wall, pretty lips smiling that pretty, uncontrollable smile, whispering in Edward's ear. Edward looked at Jasper like he was the sun. She saw Edward brought his hand to tuck a strand of escaped blond curls behind Jasper's ear and it was her boyfriend (ex-boyfriend) who initiated the kiss this time. She watched as Jasper pulled Edward closer by the waist and she watched as Edward wound his hands into Jasper's hair and grabbed at the blonde and she watched as Jasper did that thing with his hips-just like that one night long ago-and watched as Edward rolled his hips right back as he deepened the kiss. She felt like she was watching a car wreck, except she was in front of the car. She didn't wipe away the tear that trailed down her cheeks, because it was silly to cry when she had known this would happen from their first fight months ago-and really, even before that, every time Edward walked away to save Jasper. There was just something in the way Jasper's body fit into Edward, molding together like two pieces of a puzzle, that was just too perfect. Too meant to be. It was unreasonable to cry about it, because there was something about Edward and something about Jasper and something about Edward and Jasper together that made what was happening before her eyes so inevitable , and she had known it every time that something popped into her head. She saw him years later when she visited Seattle on a business trip and stopped by the coffee shop she vaguely remembered they used to have their dates in. It must have been ten years, though it seemed a lot longer. He had changed from that boy to the man she was seeing through the store window. His face sharpened up, his jaws chiselled out, but his hair was still that mop of unruly mess. His body filled out the dark grey suit he was wearing. He held himself taller, and there was an aura about him that exuded happiness. She waited until his eyes caught hers, and when they did, he smiled. He turned and walked out the door towards her and she felt that hope-that hope she held years ago at Emmett's and Rose's wedding-flared up again in a brilliant moment before she caught light bouncing on the gold on the fourth finger of his left hand. Still, she held her smile as he pulled her into a warm embrace. "Bella!" He smiled infectiously. "It's been so long!" He asked her all sorts of things, like where she had been and how her book was and when she had come back to town. She answered the questions as enthusiastically as he'd asked them, braving herself for her own question. "So who is she?" She asked, eyes glancing towards the gold ring on his finger and she saw that face and she knew who it was without him even speaking even though his brows no longer furrowed and his lips no longer frowned. "It's Jasper, actually." He laughed, and she couldn't find it in herself to be jealous because she had never seen him so happy . "We got married about six years ago. Been trying to adopt, but you know how it is." He shrugged. She didn't, because she was still hung up on this man and that something about a blonde boy of long ago. She felt like she needed to ask, because he was older now and wiser now and no longer a boy twisted up about something about Jasper Hale but a man who could answer her question. If she was really honest, she needed to ask because she couldn't spend ten more years of her life not letting go of this man. "Edward, can I ask you something?" She asked, choosing to be blunt instead. He nodded. "What was that something about Jasper that always had you running to him when he needed help?" Edward was taken back by the question and he took a while to answer. It was a long pause, and she was about to resign and ask him to forget it when he spoke. "He was my raison d'etre, Bella, my reason for existence. I always ran to him because even though he was broken to a million shards back then, he still loved me with his tiny pieces, and I loved him even then. I think, though, on some level, I wouldn't have been Edward without him. He needed to be saved, and I save myself by saving him." Bella nodded. After a few more pleasantries, Edward bid his goodbye, telling Bella she should come by for dinner sometimes. She watched him walked away from her for the last time, knowing that she would never see him again in this lifetime but was okay with it. She was okay with it because all this time she had thought that Jasper stole her boyfriend away from her, when really, Edward was always Jasper's and she was only borrowing for a short and brilliant time. I am in the process of writing an outtake from Jasper's POV. If the story is well-received, I will post the outtake :) Love you all very much. Stormy Bella.