accept him after everything he'd done to her. He'd gifted her loneliness, not knowing misery would be his eternal company. He'd carved out a curse on her skin, unaware that his regret would be a far painful brand on his very soul. Ed'vard had wanted to destroy Earth, and now it was all he had left. Ed'vard watched Bella from afar. And he wept when he got closer. The stick in her hand and the black shades on her eyes didn't reveal she was blind as glaringly as her stumble. Her glasses fell off to reveal her icy-blue eyes. His tears flew unbidden while he watched her in front of him. His Icharin had taken her sight. Ed'vard moved forward to take her hand and guide her toward the other side of the road. Memories came rushing, and this time, they weren't choking and unknown—they were familiar and damning. He watched her life as it had gone for the past two years. J'ames was no longer part of her life because she'd forbidden him. He'd found his Inishen, and Bella had made him promise her he would never seek her out or materialize even when she called for him. She knew she was cursed, and that knowledge had propelled her to distance herself from everyone. "Thank you for your kindness," Bella said with a small smile before turning around and walking away from him. Kindness ? Ed'vard was the one who'd made her life Hell on Earth. He was the reason she could never find love or live a happy life. He should plunge his sword into his very heart, but he was selfish, and his new need to experience the world was too tempting for him to even attempt an act of selflessness. Ed'vard dared to enter her room in the dark hours of the night. There were canvases all around containing heartbreaking beauty. He moved toward the bed where Bella slept, aware he wasn't worthy of even a touch of her skin. Yet, he couldn't stop his fingers as they traced the red-gold abused flesh of her cheek. As he did so, Bella moved toward his hand, as if she were seeking comfort. The thought that she needed him pleased him greatly. What he wouldn't have given for her to look at him as she had looked at J'ames on that cursed day in her meadow. Ed'vard knelt beside her bed, and she turned to face him in her sleep. It felt as if she instinctively knew he was here. It was the first and last time he was ever going to taste her. He leaned toward her, and his lips met hers softly. She tasted like virtue, like a forgotten taste he didn't even knew he craved. He could feel her innocence on his tongue. What were the Fates thinking when they had paired him with her? Bella was going to have all the happiness in the world. He was going to reverse the punishment he so unwittingly had awarded her. After all, it was the least he could do for her after everything he'd done. He couldn't stop the tear which fell on her cheek from his eyes. It was goodbye. Ed'vard watched her joy when Bella opened her eyes in the morning to take in all the colors she'd missed in two years. Her joy was the most beautiful thing he'd ever witnessed. Months flew. She got accepted into the Harvard Visual Arts Programme. He made sure she would have nothing to worry about. Her fee was paid. She lived in a posh apartment and had a pricey car. She never questioned where these things came from. He simply signed the cards accompanying everything as "Yours." Because that's who he was—hers and only hers. Maybe Bella knew. Maybe she smelt the guilt and regret in everything he did for her. Did she ever feel his desperate love? She called for him. Every night, she called his name. Edward . She only said Edward, and he found he liked it. Ed'vard was dead as he should've been when he'd first opened his eyes. He saw the world when he wasn't looking out for her. Truth be told, he ran to the other side of the world when she went out with any boy. Her date nights were a source of his torture. Thankfully, she'd only kissed a few. He didn't know what was going to happen to him when she finally accepted an invitation to spend the night at their place. Bella was calling his name again that night, and his desire to materialize in her bedroom and see her face up close was very tempting. He wondered how she looked when she said his name. "Edward, please," she called again. The yearning in her voice was very similar to what he felt. He couldn't stop himself this time. She wasn't sleeping as he'd envisioned. Bella was propped against her headboard, her sketchbook opened in her lap. Across the room, her eyes met his and she repeated, "Edward, please." He didn't know he'd crossed the room till she was in his arms; her face so close to his. Her brown eyes held everything he felt. Somehow, she'd found in her heart to forgive him. He wasn't a fool enough to question it. "I called for you." Edward nodded. "I know." "Why didn't you come?" Bella asked. "I thought I didn't deserve you." "Stupid man," she said before burying her head in the crook of his neck. "I know," he sighed, holding her tightly. He was never letting her go again. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)