seen what your kind can do." My kind? How did she know what my kind was? I opened my mouth to speak, to protest, to ask her how the hell she knew those things but I was interrupted. "Give me your money," A man's rough voice echoed through the alley from behind Mercy. I was taken by surprise. It doesn't happen very often, with me being able to read minds and all. But I was so distracted by Mercy and her silence I failed to listen to the rest of the world. I sprung into action as soon as I could but despite my excellent vampire speed I was still too late. Mercy spun towards her attacker at a surprising speed and the blade of his knife sliced into the tender flesh of her abdomen. I was shocked, my speed had never failed me before. In my anger, I released my inner animal. No one should take me by surprise. No one should be faster than me. No one should be able to hurt my beautiful Mercy. I was across the alley in a fraction of a second and snapped the vile man's neck before he could even think another vicious thought. Mercy's knees gave out and she collapsed to her hands and knees. "You snapped his neck," she said through gritted teeth. "Why?" "He stabbed you. He was going to kill you. He deserved to die," I explained simply. Her left hand moved to her stomach where the knife was still stuck, a ring of deep red spilling from her torn flesh and staining her white T-shirt. I had mostly been holding my breath since being back to civilization but now I would have to really be cautious with the smell of fresh blood filling the air. I moved towards her, again moving at a slow human pace, but she crawled backwards away from me. "Don't come any closer." I stopped in my tracks and watched as she carefully adjusted to lean her back against the wall. She looked up at me her brown eyes blazing with curiosity. "Though I don't agree with your actions, I do understand them. But that's not what I meant. My question is why snap his neck and not drink his blood?" "Why would I..." I stammered. There have been very few people I have met in my life that have wondered about my vampirism but no one has ever actually said anything out loud like that. I was taken aback. I didn't have an answer ready. How do I answer the thing I have been trying to hide for most of my existence. Humans aren't supposed to know about us. There are rules. We have people to go to great lengths to keep this secret. "I don't do that." "Don't lie to me, vampire," she snapped. "I am impressed at the restraint you have shown with me so far." She gripped the handle of the knife tightly, her knuckles going white from exertion. "But I still feel the need to remind you not to move an inch. Unless of course you would like to leave." She watched me as I stayed rooted in place. "I didn't think so." Her muscles twitched and she slowly guided the knife out of her body, as she bit her lip and groaned loudly tears spilling from her large brown eyes. "Don't do that!" I was at her side in the blink of an eye. "You'll do more damage and bleed out faster." I ripped off my shirt and pressed it over her wound. "Don't touch me." She flinched against my touch, the knife slipped from her fingers and clanging to the ground as she tried to defend herself from me. If I wanted her dead, she would be dead. For someone who knew my true identity, you think she would know that. "There is nothing you can do to help me," any trace of softness was gone from her voice. "I just need... Raphael." I pulled out my cell phone with my free hand and again she screamed at me. "Drop it!" she screamed again. My fingers hovered over the buttons but didn't push any. "I command you to drop it! Shit! What is wrong with me? Raphael!" "You've been stabbed. Let me help. I can help." Should I tell her my 'father' was a doctor? Should I tell her that I studied to be a doctor? I had the degree I just wasn't sure I trusted myself enough around that much blood. Should I even trust myself now? But even if she would listen to me, I had rationed the air in my lungs as best as I could and now I was officially out of air. If I was going to continue to speak I was going to have to risk breathing in the scent of her fresh blood. But it's not like speaking with her was getting me anywhere. "No!" She screamed. "Your kind can do nothing to help me. Raphael!" Walking away from her like this was simply not an option. I had just met her and was mesmerized by her. Was it her subtle beauty that I liked? Or was it her silence? Was is something else all together that held my attention? So I hardened my resolve, I concentrated very hard and pulled in a deep breath. Mercy continued to yell and scream but it was all lost on me. Because the moment I inhaled I was gone. In an instant I was filled with the strongest bloodlust I had ever felt. Her blood was pure. Not like all the evil men I had feasted on in the past. Her's was the most innocent blood I had ever smelled. It wasn't just my throat that burned with thirst, it was my entire body. Her blood was intoxicatingly sweet. I was drunk off the mere smell alone. What would it be like if I could taste it? I needed to taste it.