hues than there had been without it, and the yard looked more promising. As Bella's mind grew more accepting of her decision, she began to wonder what her new life would be like for her. She had already seen Jacob, how many other familiar faces would she see when she started attending the high school? How many new ones? She had already met at least one new face today. Idly, Bella's thoughts fell on Dr. Cullen. Aside from being surprisingly young and having the looks of an Abercrombie and Fitch model, he had been pale, with slight shadows under those uniquely golden eyes. Though she was certain that she'd never met him before, something unusual about him had tugged a memory. Unable to recall, Bella shrugged it off as she continued to look at her view. Perhaps the feeling was just coming from being treated by a doctor who seemed overworked. Bella stood there for several minutes, staring up at the moon. (~*~) Dr. Carlisle Cullen left the hospital after working a double shift without looking any the worse for it than he had when he walked in. While the shirt and slacks might have been a touch more rumpled from his movement within them up and down the halls of the Forks Community Hospital, Carlisle himself remained immaculate. There was no five o'clock shadow from having gone without shaving. His hair might have been slightly out of place, but not prominently so. His eyes glowed with a spark of life and energy, as though he was looking forward to beginning his day, rather than just ending a long one. The nurses at the hospital might have noticed these things, were it not for their own attractions getting in the way. His ethereal beauty tended to distract the females from noticing the minor things, despite their eyes trying to soak up every detail when they saw him. The doctor was an enticing and exotic fish in a small rural pond, and in the two years he'd been around no one had managed to hook him yet. The women in his home might have been a deterrent at first, were it not for the fact that they turned out to be his sister, his cousin and his adopted teenage daughter. The greater deterrents came when Dr. Cullen ignored subtle hints, and politely declined outright invitations. Some of the more vain women declared him to be gay, but after two years of never noticing him out with anyone at all, and a reluctance to give up hope, that rumor was rather deflated. Yet, the staff at the hospital had to wonder about a very attractive man who did not date, and raised two teenagers with his sister and a cousin. Carlisle was aware of the speculation, but it was no less than he expected, for it was the same in every town that he and his family had moved to. He nodded politely and kindly to Grace Lloyd-Jenkins, the middle-aged receptionist on duty, as he headed out the front of the hospital. He walked through the drip coming from the eaves of the roof overhang without wincing. The night was wet, and he could detect the nuance of upcoming spring in the air. Walking at a slower pace than he was capable of, Carlisle made it to his Mercedes in the side corner of the parking lot. He was looking forward to returning to his family. Esme's sweet warm welcome and Maggie's perky helpfulness. Though Alice's eager heart could easily outdo Maggie's perkiness. Jasper's silent and deep presence was always soothing. In a few months Edward and Rosalie would be visiting, though the town didn't know of them. Carlisle was very grateful for the family that now filled his life. He had been lonely for a long time. It was merely a reflection of their own understanding that his coworkers at the hospital didn't realize how content he was. Today there had been something new to capture their interest. Carlisle recalled the conversations he'd heard whispered in the hall or spoken openly in the break room a few doors down. The police chief's daughter had returned to town. With perfect clarity, the words spoken of the young Isabella Swan ran through Carlisle's mind as he pulled out of the parking lot and drove towards home. "Mother up and took her when she was eight years old. The girl has only occasionally been back since, though I never saw her." "She was a sweet child, quiet and agreeable." "She almost always had her nose in a book, even at that young age. She could be sitting in the waiting room, ankle twisted, and she'd have L. M. Montgomery in her hands. I'm surprised she didn't have a book on her today. Pity if she grew out of it." This was from Grace, who had been taking a moment to get some coffee in the break room. "I imagine it was too sudden. After all, Charlie told me that she hadn't made it into the house yet from the airport." Grace had been speaking with Eileen, a lab assistant who had apparently come on duty while Charlie was getting Bella registered. " Really? First day back? Well, then, you can bet we'll be seeing more of her here. That girl was more accident prone than any one else I ever laid my eyes on." Carlisle had to agree. Walking into a door certainly indicated a clumsy nature, which he had verified as he looked over Miss Swan's records from Phoenix. As Carlisle wondered how soon he'd likely see the girl at the hospital again, the nighttime clouds released the moon. It was high enough in the sky that it hovered above the tree line that enclosed the little-traveled road, brightening the way ahead. Caught in the light, delicate drops of rain hanging from the boughs on either side of the road shone in Carlisle's sharp vision. Carlisle drove on, appreciating the beauty of moonlight.