I start?" "I think its tomorrow you'll have to ask mum to check though," "Ok, I've finished tea so I'm going to go upstairs you coming?" I ask him even though I don't really want him to be there but it seemed rude not to ask. "Yeah wait a sec; I'm just need to finish my food," "I'll see you upstairs then." "Yeah I'll be up in five." At that I departed the table, put my plate in the kitchen and started up the stairs. I walked down the corridor and just about remembered where my room was – I would need to put a sign on the door. I was just about to continue reading when I saw a TV in the corner of my room. I walked over to it and turned it on. The first thing that came up was some news program. I used the controller to skim through the channels until I came across one called 'Mystical beings and the myths that surround them' I don't know why but I decided to watch that. A few minutes in and they started to describe a being that looks just like humans but they have special powers. The presenter called them Sweet Bloods. At that moment Eric decided to barge in without knocking. "You could at least knock you know," "But why would I do that?" "I don't know, maybe to be polite or do people in England not do that?" "Yeah they do but not me, this is my home after all." "It's mine as well now, don't forget that," "I won't. So what are you watching?" "It's this program about mythical creatures I can't understand how people can believe this stuff. There's this one beast that apparently looks just like us but with mystic powers." "Yeah" Eric sounded so worried when he said it that I turned around and properly looked at him. "You don't believe these myths do you?" "Um, well yeah there is a lot more out there than you or I know about," "Just superstitions." "You don't know, you can't know. You shouldn't just dismiss this stuff." "And why is that? Nobody has ever proved anything," "And that gives you a reason to dismiss it. Maybe these creatures don't want to be found and are very good at hiding. You don't know everything!" This was all so stupid I couldn't even believe I was arguing with him about this. "Why are you so passionate about this I understand you believe the myths but why are you getting annoyed if I don't believe them?" "It's just, just. Oh it doesn't matter you wouldn't understand anyway." "What do you mean by that, I am quite smart you know and I'm sure I'd be able to understand anything you say." "I'm not telling you" "Whatever I don't want to know anyway now shut up or leave me alone." "Fine, don't get your knickers in a twist, and I will stay and be quiet thank you very much" "Ok then, but if you say another word you will be out" I sat down and watched the program. They were still talking about these people called Sweet Bloods. Apparently, there were many of these people that lived alongside us; some didn't even know that they are Sweet Blood. Their purpose in life was supposedly to kill vampires. I laughed at that. Eric looked at me like I was insane to not believe this. To be honest it was unbelievable to begin with but as soon as you bring vampires into the equation you are just creating a joke. The TV programme babbled on "Sweet Bloods have the power of speed, super strength and super hearing. They are all very pretty and have sweet blood that lures their prey – hence the name Sweet Bloods" Dramatic pictures of beautiful men and women were displayed on the screen. This was all stupid I could almost see the photo shopping and plastic surgery gone into these pictures. Nobody could be that pretty. The narrator continued "All Sweet Bloods have one unique power which is theirs alone. For example one could be able to do mind reading and another could see into the future. The myths say that there is one Sweet Blood that has countless powers as well as replicating any other Sweet Bloods powers. When they become aware of them they will be the person to defeat the Vampire Royalty that was the main problem that Sweet Bloods had killing their prey. The Royalty would always send in special Vampire's that were trained to kill Sweet Bloods." "Where do they get this stuff, it's so unbelievable?" I laughed and turned to face Eric. "Yeah definitely unbelievable" "Are you ok? You look kind of white." I asked. His face had gone pale, and he was muttering stuff under his breath that I couldn't catch. "Um, are you talking to me? You look like you need to lie down are you sure you are alright?" "Yeah I'm fine. I'll see you in the morning," and with that he stumbled out of my room. Well that was weird. Does he seriously believe these myths? The TV show continued with an interview with a Sweet Blood expert. The pompous expert continued even the interviewer seem annoyed now "You spot a sweet blood by their beautiful looks. But it is incredibly hard to as they look and act just like us. They are also our friends; if you ever discover one keep their secret as they could save your life one day." The presenter finally managed to shut him up and announced that they were now going to look at the prey of the Sweet Blood – Vampires. He talked about how to spot and kill them. Also he mentioned this was so stupid I turned the TV off, got changed into my PJs and intended to get to sleep before anyone else arrived back, meeting Eric was enough for anyone, and school tomorrow.