was related to Cynthia Brandon, and he wanted to find out what made Edward behave so peculiarly towards the young woman. He felt eyes on his back and turned his head toward the bloodshot eyes of the gray-haired man behind him. "Would you like some coffee?" "Please." Dr. Brandon's deep rumble woke up his wife, who looked around with panicked eyes. "Is Bella okay?" She looked at her husband, her hair a bit messy, clothes wrinkled after spending the whole day at the hospital. "I'm sorry for waking you up, Mrs. Brandon. But don't worry. Isabella is resting, and I'm sure she'll wake up on her own when she feels ready. There's nothing amiss with her other than a slight concussion." Carlisle brought two cup of coffee and offered them to the haggard-looking Brandons. The cups were lifted to their lips, and sips of coffee went down. Still, all three were lost inside their minds until Carlisle cleared his throat. "Miss Swan seemed like such a wonderful young woman the first few times we met. Brave, determined, and quite passionate…" "She got that from her father." It was Cynthia Brandon who replied with a half-smile on her face, eyes glazed, lost in a memory. "Her father?" "I had a younger brother—stubborn, passionate, loving… Bella got it from her dad with the Swan hair and eyes." Cynthia turned to Carlisle with a sad smile as George squeezed her hand that he held on his lap. "Had… So—" "Both he and his wife passed away in an accident nine years ago." "That was when she lost her memory?" Carlisle turned fully toward her, eager to know more. "It was Bella's birthday that weekend, and Charlie, his wife, and one of their family friends took a trip. The police said their vehicle had run off the road and fallen over a cliff. Only Bella had survived. She was washed up on the beach and brought to the hospital, and I was called a few days later… You see, our parents were against Charlie when he brought Renee home and rejected everything to do with them, and then they disappeared. After eighteen years, I received news of his whereabouts only to find him in a body bag. The police thought Charlie must have lost control of the vehicle, said all of them were still locked with seat belts except Bella and the son of the other family, whose body they didn't find. They thought he got dragged into the deep sea with the current. It was a surprise Bella got swept to the beach. We brought her here with us, and she woke up a year later with no memory of her past life." "I'm sorry to hear that, Cynthia." Carlisle had a small frown on his brows. "Nine years, you say? Where did this accident happen?" "Washington state, a few hours away from Seattle. There's an Indian reservation there, closer to Port Angeles. I can't remember the name of the tribe… something starting with K or Q—" "Quileute." "Yes, that's it, I think. You've been there?" Cynthia smiled at him. "I was in Seattle for a medical conference nine years ago, and Esme tagged along with me. It was our fifteenth wedding anniversary. We rented a small yacht and set sail around the area. By the way, what was the name of the family friends of your brother?" "Masens. Anthony Masen was a judge and his wife a professor. Charles apparently had joined the police force. Maybe that's how they met. I'm not quite sure. I think their boy went to the same school as Bella and was around the same age." The memories were too bleak, and they all once again found themselves drifting away into thoughts and questions of what-ifs. He crept inside, closing the door after him with a soft click. Dim light filtered through the window panels, making him freeze as his eyes raked over the feminine figure peacefully sleeping on the hospital bed. She looked pale, dressed in a blue hospital gown, her head swathed in a white bandage. He moved as if in a trance, as if she had him tied to her by a string and was pulling him forward with every passing second. There was a chair next to her bed, where Cynthia Brandon had spent most of her day, and he sat on it now. He couldn't help but rake his eyes over her, greedily taking in her features, just a little bit different, nonetheless still making him want to touch, taste, and love. With trembling hands, he picked up her hands. They were still small in his and still hummed as if her skin was greeting his. A slight beep in the heart monitor brought a chuckle to his lips, and he couldn't help but touch his lips to the back of her hand. "You shouldn't have done that," he whispered against her skin. "I can't do that, you know… I can't forget the past. Stop loving a woman I've loved my whole life?" He shook his head. "It's safer this way, though it's killing me to see you getting hurt. What am I going to do with you, Bella? It would have been safe for you if I'd gone back to the way it was, watching you and protecting you from afar. But what could I do? I'm like a man in a desert finally seeing a drop of water. I'm sorry, so sorry I can't let you go, can't stop loving you. I'm sorry…" A tear slipped from his cheek and fell onto her hand. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)