races toward her, skinning his knees at her side, horrified and broken beyond measure. She bleeds. He doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know what he feels. Alice is bleeding . "Jasper." His hands are shaking as he touches Alice's cooling skin, searching for a pulse that is not there, smearing crimson across the curve of cheek that once blushed. Sooty lashes and a partially opened mouth. No movement. Jasper wants to heave, but he cannot. The shattering behind his ribs is all consuming- "Jasper," Rosalie hisses, snapping her fingers in front of his face. "You can save her." He shakes his head, hands still ghosting over Alice's body. "No. I can't. That's not what we do. That's not…That's not what we…" Rosalie slaps him, then grips his chin, forcing him to look at her, silver eyes blazing. "Jasper, listen to me. You can save her. You're not like us, somehow. Why else would we be here? Look around you! The street is empty! There's nobody here for a reason! This is Fated . Save her." Jasper blinks, collecting his thoughts. Rosalie is right about the scene, at the very least. They, being what they are, are the only ones present for a reason , a sure design by Fate and obviously sanctioned by at least one of their masters. They are supposed to be here and Alice was Fated to this . But Jasper isn't different from the other Sons, is he? He was dragged unwillingly into this life, just like them. He has the same gifts of empathy, just as they do. But he does not believe in love. Is that the difference? He had never moved beyond his death, had remained unchanged for thousands of years. Had he not argued against the existence of love not twelve hours earlier? He looks down at Alice, crumpled and quiet and bleeding. He hurts . Oh, Eros, but is this what love is supposed to be? And could he love without realizing it? This girl? He'd once thought her salvation, had deemed her perfect, had enjoyed her company and idiosyncrasies, and had looked forward to hearing her speak and seeing the way her eyes lit up when she smiled. He'd enjoyed the pleasures of her body, cherished those moments, even. And this - this feeling - was different from the feeling that led to his death. Because he wasn't human, anymore? He may have cynically stated that humans were not altruistic enough to truly love, but that certainly wasn't true. He'd loved true enough to gain a second chance. Was the same true for Alice? Fighting back the burning behind his eyes, Jasper leans down, close enough to catch the scent of vanilla and almonds and tea, close enough to brush his lips with Alice's. He thinks, I love you . He kisses her, praying that Rosalie is right and that Fate is right and that he is a different Son of Eros and that his love - and it is love - for Alice is true enough to bring her back. Jasper pulls back a fraction, strokes her cheek gently, and waits. Breathless. He is sure that he will die alongside Alice, the burning is so pervasive, so sharp and searing in his chest. Burning brighter and sharper, stinging and narrowing and traveling down his arms, to his tattoos - Rosalie gasps. Jasper can see why and he is just as startled. The tattoos on his wrists are glowing, aching, burning, bright silver in the middle of the street, the light sinking into Alice at an alarming rate. He's never seen anything like it, never heard anything about this before - Alice gasps, her back arching beneath the onslaught of silver light, her eyes shooting open, just as silver as Jasper's, but somehow more beautiful. She looks at him, panting, grasping his hands as blood seeps back into her body, as her body is fixed by - by the strength of Jasper's love for her - "I love you," he says, urgent. "I have loved you, I think for a long while. And I am not ready to let you leave me, Alice." "Jasper?" He kisses her forehead, clutches her close to his chest, protectively and possessively. "It's difficult to explain," he murmurs against her warm skin, feeling hollowed from the inside out. "But I promise you, beloved, that our time is not over yet." Alice looks up at him dreamily, strokes an errant curl from his face. "I knew you loved me. I knew it." And thus sweet Alice becomes something new altogether, a Lover of the Son of Eros. Just as Fate demanded. Watching from above, Aphrodite runs her hands through the soft curls atop Eros' head. "Why him?" Eros smiles, turning his face up to kiss the palm of his Goddess. "He's paid his dues. All of our children will have this opportunity, eventually. Fate is never-ending, my love, as you well know." "And does he know he was the first of your Sons?" Her lover shrugs, looking down through the clouds of their heavenly realm to watch his First Son love his soulmate as surely as he was meant to, as surely as Fate would have it. "I suspect it doesn't matter, now, though I'm certain he'll figure it out when other gifts begin to manifest. Perhaps he will notice her gifts before his own. We shall see." Aphrodite hums and smiles. "And shall you be possessing any other professors, my darling cupid?" Eros smirks. "Well, Professor Greene was right, wasn't he? Love is healing." "So I've heard." Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)