I can't deny it. I love that goddamn woman as much as I did the day I married her. I open the front door and hold it open. "Goodbye, Alice." She sighs. "Bye, Edward." She pauses in the doorway. "Let me know how the twins get on tomorrow and call me if you need anything; anything at all." I look at her for a long moment. I don't want to accept her help anymore but I know that I need it. So I nod. "Sure." When she's gone, I close the door and rest my forehead against it. It's hard at this time of year because it brings back memories of when she first left, three years ago today. It was so hard to let her go but I knew that taking the scholarship was the right thing for her; for all of us. We were working hard to provide for the children but also to show them a good example, show them what they could become. How could I deny my amazing wife the chance to better herself? But then, a small voice inside me whispers, how could you let her go? "Dad?" I jump with a start and turn to find Ethan behind me in the hallway. He smiles a little. "I ordered the pizza. Is pepperoni okay?" "That's great. Thanks, son." I drop my arm around his shoulders and lead him back to the living room. "What movie do you want to watch?" He shrugs. "I don't mind." We eventually settle on the latest Avengers movie even though I'm well aware that the run time will take us well past Ethan's bedtime. I allow it, though, to be able to spend a little bit of quality time with my mini-me. When the movie's over and the pizza's all polished off, it's past eleven o'clock. I flick off the TV and say, "Come on then, let's head to bed." Ethan doesn't move. I look at him. "Come on." "Dad?" he says quietly. "What? I ask, feeling a bit disgruntled that he wants to talk now when he's supposed to be in bed and I'm dead on my feet. "Is… is Mom coming home?" I sigh. "What's brought this on?" "I heard you tell Aunt Alice that she's coming home." He pauses, playing with the cuff of his sweater. "So… is she?" "Not right now," I say honestly. I can't lie to the boy. "But one day she will. When she can." Ethan is quiet for a moment and then he simply says, "Good." He rises from the couch and starts out of the room, looking back over his shoulder to add, "Night, Dad." I clean up downstairs and then head up to bed myself. I wash and dress in my pyjamas and settle into bed, sticking to my side although I haven't shared the bed in such a long time. I turn off the light but I can't sleep. This day has been heavy with reminders of her. Three years to the day that she went. We dropped her at the airport. I held her and kissed her, hard; she cried into Freddie's hair. When she walked off, I waved Sophie's hand. "See you at Christmas!" she'd called over her shoulder. I sigh and turn the light back on, reaching into my bedside table and searching through it with my hand. When my fingers touch paper, I pull it out and carefully unfold the letter that had come in the post on Christmas Eve that same year. I let the tears flow freely as I read her neat, familiar handwriting. My dearest Edward, First let me start by saying I'm sorry. So sorry. I cannot tell you how sorry I am but I won't be able to make it home for Christmas. I have so much work to do and it would be too difficult for me to come back. I miss you all so much it hurts. I hate it here but I will persist; I have to. I can't believe Ethan lost his first tooth! Please tell him I love him. Tell Sophie and Freddie I love them. Give them the presents we picked out and tell them I will be thinking of them constantly. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I can't do more, say more, apologise more. I love you so much, I cannot adequately put it into words. Edward, you are the best husband I could have asked for and no one will ever love anyone the way I love you. Please take care of them, enjoy your Christmas and know that I send my love, always. Bella xxx The letter is preserved exactly as it was when I hid it in my drawer two and a half years ago. The crumpled lines from where I screwed it up when it first arrived, yelling down the phone at her. The tear stains that had marked the paper when I had finally accepted that we would have to have Christmas without her. The coffee stain from when Ethan knocked my drink over the letter where it had been sitting on the dining table for months. I hit him then. Hard. It was the only time I'd ever raised a hand to any of my children. I read and re-read the letter, her words of love and comfort washing over me. Eventually, I am sleepy enough that I turn off the light. I hold the paper to my chest as I begin to drift off. When I am on the very brink of sleep, a horrible thought comes to me. "Good," Ethan had said. I had taken it to mean he was looking forward to his mother's future return. But what if he had been responding to the other part of my sentence? What if he was pleased that Bella wasn't coming home? But then sleep captures me and the thought is gone as quickly as it arrived. I'm sorry. It'll get happier, I swear. Steph xo