understand why Seth can't be more than my friend. To know why Jacob can't be either. I don't move though, afraid if I do so it will be to push him away. While my brain is wanting proof, my heart is screaming out that all of this is wrong. I see him bend at the waist then I feel something brush the top of my head. He steps back, smiling down at me. "Sorry Ness, that's the best you'll get out of me. I'm not the only one who can help you, and you know it. Just- talk to Jacob. About college, going away, this kiss thing. Trust me, he will want to know all of it. That's the most help I can give you." He turns to the door after grabbing his newly acquired degrees but stops before he walks out. Seth's normal huge smile is back in place. As upset as I am right now, it makes me feel better that our conversation doesn't seem to have made him feel awkward at all. "Hey! I forgot to tell you! My mom finally invited Charlie to the bonfire. He's going to be there tomorrow night." "Really?" This surprises me out of my funk. Grandpa Charlie and Sue have been close forever, but he has never attended a bonfire. Seth chuckles, "Yep! That won't be awkward at all." Seth's sarcasm even manages to make me crack a smile. "Just think, if they ever get married, you'll be my step-niece, or something like that." "Oh, now that would be awkward," I give him my best fake smile. He grins back at me in return, "No, what would be really awkward would be having your vampire mother as my step-sister. Talk about uncomfortable family gatherings!" Seth winks at me before heading out the door. Of course, I know he's kidding. I feel like I'm a part of the tribe because of my close friendship with everyone. The same is true for Seth; he is practically another member of my vampire family. Unable to sit up straight any longer, I sag into the couch. I feel the tears I managed to keep at bay slide down my cheek. I feel bad for pushing Seth like I did. I know he doesn't feel that way for me, just like I don't feel anything more than friendship for him. My mind is so full of questions and I have no answers for any of them. Stupid overactive half vampire brain. As my tears fall faster, I grow more upset with myself. I didn't want to kiss Seth. What I really want, what I've been thinking about for months, is to kiss Jacob. What if I had kissed Seth? My nose wrinkles at just the thought. That would have been...bad. What would I have said to Jacob? Because, of course, Jacob would have found out; with the wolf mind link and all. I pause in my crying as I consider this. What would Jacob do if he ever found out? While I didn't kiss Seth, I wonder if I had kissed Seth if it would have made Jacob jealous? I'm torn between hoping Jacob never finds out about my embarrassing display and hoping he does find out and is wracked with envy. Not that I want him to go after Seth. Clearly, this was not of Seth's doing. No, I want him to be jealous of me asking Seth. So jealous-. I sigh, my tears starting up again. I'm being ridiculous. Jacob just doesn't see my that way. He's my best friend, always has been, and hopefully, always will be. -0- Mom comes to check on me a short time later. She asks me question after question but I just can't answer her right now. I'm exhausted and embarrassed . When she catches on that I don't want to talk about what happened, she just sits beside me, letting me cry myself out. Once I'm done, she takes my hand, leading me back to the cottage. We don't say anything on our walk, she just hums a song. She pauses at the front door, giving me a quick hug. She whispers against my ear, "If you want to talk, I'll always be here for you." Fresh tears sting my eyes, but I manage to push them back as I nod. Dad isn't in the living room when we walk in, so I use the opportunity of his absence to straighten myself up. I move quickly to the bathroom. Once I've wiped all the tear streaks away, I wet a washcloth with cool water then move into my bedroom. I close the door and sink into my waiting bed. I drape the washcloth over my eyes, hoping it will reduce some of the swelling from my crying. I close my eyes, needing a little rest after my long day. Plus, Jacob will be here shortly for our weekly movie night. I need to look as calm and relaxed as possible, because I now have one more secret to keep; he can't find out what happened with Seth. I am a big idiot. -0- A/N: So, there you have it. We are off on the journey of another story. Hope you enjoyed! If you haven't yet, head on over to our page on FFN (www[dot]fanfiction[dot]net/~stupidleeches) and check out the "Drawn to You" preview we posted in the "Let Love In Series Outtakes" story (Chapter 7). It's Jacob's point of view of an event in "Losing Control" but it gives you a little insight into his mind. Hold you over until next time. Speaking of next time, our plan is to post every other Tuesday. As much as we loved posting every week, given how hectic life & work has been for both of us, we don't want to over promise & under deliver. So, we'll see you in two weeks with Jacob's POV. DON'T FORGET, IF YOU HAVE PRIVATE MESSAGES TURNED OFF, WE CAN'T REPLY TO YOUR REVIEW!