to keep herself from crying out from the painfulness of the need she had for him. Was it love? Was it lust? The feelings she felt were too intense for it to be lust. It was more. She felt like she would lose her mind if she didn't get closer to him. She was seated in his lap, grinding against his hardness, yet she was not close enough. She needed to be closer. It scared her. She wanted to cry. Bella thrust herself forward, attacking his lips again. She traced his bottom lip with her tongue as she attacked his bronze hair with her hands. Their tongues twisted together in frantic urgency, and his hands slowly moved up her thighs. Her skirt had ridden up quite a bit from their activities. She pulled back to suck in a much needed breath, panting hard and heavy. "I need…" She tried to speak, but her hazy mind could barely form thoughts. She couldn't form the words, but he understood. He nimbly unbuttoned her blouse, roughly pulling it off and throwing it aside. "You're beautiful," he said huskily as he unclasped her bra, letting it fall between them. For a moment, he just stared. She felt her skin heating up. She wanted to cover herself, but he held both her hands in a vise grip. He swiftly stood up with Bella in his arms, and her legs wrapped around his waist with her naked chest pressed against his clothed one. "Down the hall, to the left," she breathed before connecting her lips to his neck. She would kiss him forever if she could. Once in her bedroom, Edward dropped her on the bed, unbuttoning his shirt and crawling toward her. His eyes were dark. "You are perfect." He threw his shirt aside. He covered her body with his, forcefully digging his fingers into her hips as their lips reconnected. She wrapped her legs around his waist, feeling his growing arousal. He slowly dragged his fingers up her sides, over her ribcage and to her breasts. He cupped them in his hands, lightly flicking her nipples with his thumbs. They stood firmly in response to his touch. He leaned down, sucking a pebbled nipple into his mouth. He released it with a loud pop, moving on to the other. His touch grew rough, and his kisses were filled with desperation. She knew he wanted her as much as she wanted him. Edward roughly pulled down her skirt. He seemed to be filled with impatience and primal need. Her back arched, and she felt the evidence of her arousal between her thighs. An involuntary whimper escaped her lips. She was desperate for him. He lowered his hips between her parted legs, gripping his cock and guiding it between her legs. He slowly pushed inside her, and she felt as if she could barely breathe. He gripped her hips, thrusting into her. Her back arched upward from the mattress, and her toes curled in utter bliss as she took in the full length of him. He was fully sheathed inside of her, and it felt like she was having the life sucked out of her. They seemed to be connected forever, but she never wanted to separate. She wanted to remain beneath him, with him inside her forever. Never separating. Never being apart. With every thrust, she let out short, desperate gasps. She clutched onto him, nails digging into his biceps, allowing the pleasure to overtake every part of her. She shut her eyes tightly as she cried out into the darkness, clenching around him. "Perfect," he panted against her neck. She felt him throbbing as a strained groan emanated from his chest as he emptied himself inside of her. "I've never done this before," she said breathlessly. One-night stands were definitely not her thing. In fact, she once frowned upon them. "We haven't even been on a date." "This is not a one-time thing," he said firmly. "I know." "And who said tonight wasn't a date?" He moved off of her, lying back on the bed next to her, breathing heavily. "Edward?" "Yeah?" She couldn't bear the thought of ever being away from him. Her need was so great she thought she would burst into tears. "Stay with me." There was more to her words than seeking a promise of spending the night. "I'm not going anywhere." He understood her meaning. "I think I'm in love with you," she whispered, staring at the ceiling. It felt freeing to say it. She felt as if the words would kill her if she didn't let them be known. A tear slipped from the corner of her eye. He propped himself up on his elbow. "I'm going to marry you." Her face lit up as her heart filled with happiness at his words. They were on the same wavelength. Even though she had just met him, she felt as if she had known him forever. "I am going to marry you," he repeated. "You're going to be my wife and the mother of my children one day. There is no doubt in my mind about that. I want to be tied to you in every possible way." "I want that more than anything. I have wanted it from the moment we met." Before Edward walked into that conference room, Bella had no interest in marriage, dating, or even flirting. She did not stand a chance because her heart had already chosen Edward. Now that she had gotten a taste, there was no way she could stay away. Her life was about to change forever. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe youknow the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do 't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)