and her twin is the blond boy Jasper. The small girl beside him is Alice. Th-" "The one who's super cute and super out of my league is Edward." Claire finished for Simone. "Well damn, mama Cullen's vagina must be wrecked from all of those kids." I said. Langley snorted, "No, they're all adopted." "Yeah, that makes more sense than what I originally said. Let's pretend I said that." The group shrugged and went back to talking about something random, I wasn't really paying attention though. It was creepy of me, but I was staring at the Cullen table. They seemed to be alienating themselves from everybody else. I tossed away my curiosity and talked with the scooby gang until the bell rang, signalling that lunch was over. I gave my new friends a wave and went to my next class, English. When I walked in, I spotted Claire's dream boy, Eddy boy Cullen. I was in AP English 11, which was pretty impressive seeing how I barely got to skip tenth grade. I'm so glad I took a bunch of online classes. I strolled to the teacher's desk and handed the teacher my slip. She signed it and told me to sit in the empty seat in the back where my dear old friend Edward sat. I nodded and sat where I was told. I placed my messenger bag on the floor but not before taking out a notebook and a pencil. I was so ready for this class, I could feel it in my left tit. English was my favorite class and one of the only classes I could do relatively well in. I looked over at Cullen kid number five and I could really observe how well structured his face was. No blemishes or freckles, straight nose, nice lips, and even nicer hair. Oh no, he's hot. He saw my stare and leaned away from me, which I found highly offensive. I knew I didn't smell, and I wasn't that ugly so I saw no reason for him to do that. Edward was like that the entire class; leaned as far away from me as possible. If he wanted to offend the non offendable Olive Swan, then he sure accomplished it. My first and only impression of the high and mighty Cullen boy was that he was an asshole. When the bell rang he didn't even make it obvious that he wanted to book the fuck out of there. Ok then, fuck you too buddy. The last class of the day was gym which wasn't so bad. I liked gym class, it gave me an excuse to show them that I was a little better at sports than Bella was. I may not be the most athletic person out there, but I was better than Bella and that's all that mattered. When gym was over, I gave Bella my slip so she could turn it into the office. When she walked out of the office, I followed her to the parking lot. "So how did your day go?" I asked Bella who was power walking to the truck. "I miss Phoenix," she admitted, sadness seeping through her voice. "It's just not the same here." "It's only the first day, you'll forget about Phoenix in no time. Trust me," I smiled, giving my older sister reassurance. The rest of the car ride was silent, but it wasn't awkward. Bella needed time to think and I needed time to remember math formulas. There was already going to be a math test this week and I was most definitely going to fail. When we got home, Bella rushed to her room without a word. I sighed and sat at the kitchen table, studying formulas and doing math questions. This whole Bella and Cullen situation was going to give me a heart attack. I was so deep in thought that I didn't feel a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and saw dad looking at me with concern, "Are you alright?" he asked. I nodded, "Yeah, I'm just stressed out because there's a math test coming up." I didn't like lying to people but I didn't want him to worry. "Don't ask me for help, i'm not good at the stuff." He ruffled my hair and went into the living room, leaving me to myself. After two hours of me practicing math and failing at it, I made a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup and went upstairs. When I made it to the top of the steps, I heard the soft cries of my sister. My heart wrenched, but I knew if I tried to comfort her she would push me away. I tip toed to my room and gently closed the door, trying not to disturb her. I popped in a DVD in my computer and ate my dinner. When the movie was over, I took my dishes downstairs and washed them, along with the plate that dad dirtied up. I guess Bella hadn't gone downstairs to eat anything. I wished dad a good night and went back upstairs to take a shower. I stripped myself of today's clothes and hopped into the shower. I think I spent fifteen minutes just standing there, lost in my thoughts. Today was a long day. I quickly washed and conditioned my hair with my favorite shampoo that smelt like vanilla and honey. After washing my body, I got out and dried off before retreating to my room. I slipped on new underwear and pajamas before hopping into bed. I didn't immediately fall asleep, I just laid there listening to the rain patter against the window. My mind wandered to Eddy boy. Man, he sure was an asshole today. Maybe i'll bring a lighter to school and light him on fire, yeah, that'll show him. Fuck Edward Cullen. Nobody snubs Olly Swan at a party. Yeah, I fixed it up. Who do you ship Bella with for this story? Thanks for reading!