doorway, Bella had turned around to see who we were all smiling at and the first person Alice saw was Bella. Alice was wearing a pink skirt, and a white ruffled blouse. She was also wearing pink wedges, a good amount of make-up, and a pink necklace and earring set. Her black hair was spiked in the back as usual, and her brown eyes looked straight to Bella. Her 4'9' little body looked like it was going to start shooting around the room at lightning speed. Her mouth dropped open and she looked at Bella with a shocked look on her face. The rest of us just looked around at each other with confused looks. "Bella? Is that really you?" Alice asked astounded. "Yes, Alice. It's me." Bella said softly as Alice squealed lightly and threw her arms around her. How do they know each other? I'm so confused. "Alice you know Bella?" Rose asked as she let her go and helped her pick up her stuff. "Of course I do. I use to tell you guys stories about the two of us. I went to school with Bella all my life before I moved here for college. She is my best friend ever!" That's when it clicked for us all. Alice has told us all about Bella. If we had ever seen a picture we might have remembered her quicker. "Well I am going to walk Bella out so we can talk. I will see you all later. And I will see you when you get home Jazzy." Alice said while pulling Bella off. "I'll see you on Monday morning Rosalie!" Bella called as they walked down the hallway. "Bye Bella!" BPOV I had actually gotten the job! Wow, that was amazing. And I was actually able to take my eyes off Edward. He is so gorgeous. He was a little pale but he had a bit of color, he was tall about 6'3', he was pretty muscular. He had messy bronze hair, the most gorgeous emerald green eyes I have ever seen. He was wearing a grayish suit with a black dress shirt and might I say he looked very sexy. Something really great about all this besides getting the job was seeing Alice again. Could this day get any better? "So Bellsy," Alice cooed from across the table at Starbucks. Instead of letting me go home she brought me here to talk and just catch up, is Starbucks my new place to talk to people? I mean come on twice in one day that is a record. "What's up pix?" "Your going down for Lizzie's wedding right?" She asked eagerly. My sister Lizzie lives here in New York but insisted on having her wedding in California, so I'm having to leave tomorrow to go down and help finish setting up and get everything ready for the big day. "Yes Alice. I'm the maid of honor and her sister. What about you?" "Of course I'm going. She asked me to be a bridesmaid. Jasper, Emmett, Edward and Rosalie are going as well. They are some of Ryan's best friends, they met because Ryan went to college together, he is also head of one of the departments at the company." "Oh really? I didn't know that. Well that's cool. And I bet that those four are perfect friends." "Oh yeah. Perfect. They are each in the wedding as groomsmen. And of course your brother is the best man." I smiled at this. My brother is very close with Ryan. We have known Ryan since we were babies. Same with Alice. "Well, Lizzie and Ryan have been together since what? Since we were in the fifth grade? They have been together forever! Maybe 16 years, roughly. Granted they weren't really together, together like we all wanted but when they finally pulled their heads out of their asses and realized everything it just got so much better." "Yeah. But they have always made a cute couple Bella. I'm glad they are still together, I know there were a lot of problems I mean I don't know all the details but I'm glad they are okay. Lizzie is probably so excited about the wedding." "Oh no doubt." I agreed quickly. My sister has called me everyday of her planning the wedding, I have done so much helping and making preparations so she wouldn't have to worry too much or stress herself out because Lizzie is very stressful. And she practically lived at my apartment before they left for California. "Well pixie I love you and I have enjoyed this very much. But I have to get home to finish packing because I leave in the morning." "Oh okay. I understand. I have to do the same. I love you and I will see you tomorrow." "Love you too, bye." I said as she hugged me tightly. I haven't seen her in so many years, it's good that I am now though. And I have her new number and she has mine. I am so happy to be going home. I am so exhausted so instead of walking I got a cab because I have walked enough today. I wouldn't be able to walk all the way back home in these heels. Not today! Today was really productive though, I saw my best friend, and got a great new job. Life is really going good for me right now. Looks like my life is taking a turn for the better. Moving on was the best decision I have ever made in my entire life. To bad it doesn't make it go away, or make me forget….. well i hope you enjoyed this, i promise as soon as the story progresses, maybe in the wedding chapter will the title make sense. this is going to be a really good story and i hope that peopel like it! please review i want to hear what everyone thinks and know if you like it! (¯`v´¯) `·.¸.Izzy