an opening door alerts her of the cop's movement, so she spins to face him. Her actions loosen the belt holding her dainty robe closed. "Holy nipples," Edward exclaims and swallows the saliva collecting in his mouth. His Adam's apple bobs with the act. The erection he finally got under control earlier bulges against his zipper. She eyes the entire length of his body, maybe she was wrong with her first assessment. She approaches him slowly, slinking like a lithe predator. Finally, she reaches him, noticing the bonze rug on his chest. Manly. Rugged. So many thoughts filter through her subconscious. She places her hand on his chest to test if the hair is as as soft as it looks. Putting her cheek against the velvety cushion of hair, she sighs. Rising and falling, his heart is about to hammer out of his chest. His scent is enough to send her in a tizzy. This woman has him so worked up that his glasses have fogged from their heavy breathing. Edward pulls the heavy frames from his face to rub the condensation from them. The process pushes her away from him, her bosom heaves. "Ma'am, if you can't control your actions, I'm going to have to lock you up at the precinct," he says, trying to shake away the wicked thoughts forming in his mind. A woman has never treated him this way, even if she's someone you have to pay for their affection—literally. "Oh, I'll let you lock me up, big boy," she says, holding her wrists out for him to cuff them. Delicately, he places the cool metal rings below her hands, brushing them in the process. Electricity pulses between the two of them. After leading her to the back of the squad car, Edward opens the door and slowly places her inside. At the last minute Isabella grabs him by the belt and yanks him inside with her latching her lips to the skin below his ear. Flustered he scrambles up, ripping her robe completely off and snapping one of the straps to her garter belt while trying to escape her clutches. She giggles as he clumsily exits the back seat and slams the door in her face. The cool air sobers him up slightly, but doesn't clear his scattered thoughts, so he beats his head on the hood of his car. Filling up his lungs with the cool air, he shakes his head to rid his brain of the filthy thoughts. Edward then gets back into the car and adjusts the gear shift to drive. "I live in the white two-story house back there," she says right before she passes out with her face pressed against the metal bars of the divider. A small chuckle escapes his lips as he shifts from drive to reverse, backing up to the quaint little house she pointed out before she fell asleep. He leaves the driver's seat and pulls her out of the back seat, cradling her small frame close to him. She left the door to her house cracked, but thankfully this is a quiet night so no one broke in while she was gone. Edward softly places her on the cushy couch and grabs a tattered quilt off a chair to cover her body with. Room by room he searches to make sure there are no intruders. The house surprises him. He was expecting a dungeon of sin, but he was met with light colors and a beachy feel to the place. Feeling like he's overstayed his welcome, he checks on this strange woman once more. Smalls snores greet him, and he laughs once more. He smooths her hair away from her forehead and places a small kiss on it. Shocked by his actions, Edward scrambles out the door and runs to his cruiser to wait until morning when he's off. After he clocks out, he drags himself out the door and drives home, not able to get the alluring lady in red out of his head. He tosses and turns, unable to sleep. His alarm finally goes off, him not sleeping a wink. Skipping his usual routine, he showers and throws on some clean clothes. Careful not to break any speeding laws, he drives over to the mystery woman's house—to check on her, of course. He grabs a few daffodils growing beside the walk up to her house. Knocking on the door, he starts to feel some hope. Slowly, she opens the door, fresh faced, with her dark and wet hair thrown up in a messy bun on the top of her head. Baggy, blue, striped linen pajamas hang loosely on her frame. His grin apparently isn't catching as a frown is displayed on her face. "No solicitors welcome," she barks as she slams the door in his face. A loud bang startles them both out of their current day dreams. "Are you two love birds going to tell us what y'all are thinking about instead of telling us how you two met?" Alice asks impatiently. The couple cracks up, and Edward exclaims, "It was love at first sight!" "You thought I was a prostitute," Bella cries. "You were sleepwalking, an easy mistake. Still doesn't mean I couldn't fall in love with you at first sight," he states, grabbing his new bride and planting a big, wet sloppy kiss on her lips. The group around them laughs and cheers as Edward and Bella stare at one another, knowing that even though they met in a truly unconventional way, the love of their lives was found on the cold February morning. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)