They can't tear us apart if you're having my child!" He slowly unbuttoned her shirt. "You would be a vision with our child in your belly. Please, Bella!" "Yes," she said, as she tentatively pulled off his t-shirt. The rest of their clothing came off slowly as they softly touched and kissed. Edward gently placed his mouth on her breasts as his fingers stroked her heated core. "Is this okay?" he whispered. Isabella looked at Edward's naked body in awe, as she reveled in the pleasure of his touch. "It is." She kissed his nose. The touches became less gentle and the kisses had an edge as their fumbling became more desperate. Edward rested his forehead on hers. "I need to be inside you." "Please." She steadied herself, as he pushed inside her. It was painful, but there was also a pleasure which she wasn't expecting. Edward attempted to pull out as she winced, but Isabella tightened her grip. She said quietly, "More." He moved slowly, until it became too much. Edward cried out, "I love you! I love you!" It was like a song. Isabella just stared at him with eyes of pure adoration. "Marry me!" he yelled as he came inside her. Her only reply was, "I wish I could." She sneaked out before the sun had risen, fresh tears in her eyes. Isabella hadn't gotten pregnant and she hoped that Edward would forgive her one day for sneaking away into the dark. "I shouldn't have come back here," Isabella said to Alice softly, as the girl began opening the door. Alice shook her head with a frown. "If any one of us knew of the bond between you two earlier, it never would have gone on this long. You both deserve a chance at a happily ever after." Inside, Edward stood looking at Isabella. He was frozen, but there was a look of love on his face. A man with blond curls and an angelic voice said, "I told you my Ali would bring her here. Go get her, buddy." "Okay, Jazz," Edward said slowly, as he walked over to Isabella. The room was filled with people, but she only saw her love. He pulled her into his arms. "Never leave me again, Bella! Promise!" "You always disappear! I want you to know I release you from this. I wasn't sure if you married Lauren, but I needed to tell you if you hadn't that you can! Your happiness is all I want. You can have children and love for every single day of your life! I can't give you that!" "Every day, I love only you! Not loving you isn't even an option!" Edward kissed her and it was as if they were alone. He murmured into her lips, "I'll leave with you in the morning, and ask your father for your hand in marriage." Isabella squeezed her eyes shut. "He'll never agree." Someone cleared their throat behind them. Isabella turned to see a handsome man, with pale blond hair and merry eyes that danced when he looked at her. He wore a red velvet coat and came over to them and gave Isabella a bow. "I've been waiting to meet you, sweet Isabella. My wife and I have been waiting for our son to admit to us his feelings for you for some time now. I'm Carlisle, and my treasure over there is Esme. I met her in a similar way as our Edward met you." "Father, you knew about us? I thought you would drive us apart!" Edward exclaimed. "What about Lauren?" "We were trying to get you to hurry up and get your girl," Edward's mother announced. Her chestnut hair was pinned up in a bun and she wore a dress a similar shade to her husband's coat. "If you didn't get her to stay this year, I was planning on getting her myself. There was so much wasted time that we could have had Isabella here with us and taken care of her. You were just so stubborn and your father wanted you to figure things out. Obviously, being a fool is genetic." "What does this mean?" Isabella asked. "You will stay here with us, dear girl." Carlisle took her hand. "It seems to be a perfect night for a wedding." Her heart filling with pure happiness, Isabella grabbed Edward's hand. That was until she thought of her father. He would be all alone, and though he'd been a sometimes cruel and usually absent parent, she still felt that it was her job to care for him. "My father? Can he stay here too?" she quietly inquired, as Edward held her tighter. Carlisle shook his head sadly. "He's been on a list of mine for a very long time, child. He may not venture here and it's time you had a family who will care for you. Charles Swan will soldier on. Don't fret anymore." His hand brushed against Isabella's forehead and she no longer cared, as her memories of her torturous childhood melted away like icicles in the afternoon sun. "What about Emmett and Rosie? They'll want to be at the wedding!" Edward ran his fingers through Isabella's long tendrils. "It will be a Christmas day wedding then! We can have the nuptials after they return from the deliveries." Carlisle exclaimed. "Jasper and Alice, could you—" Alice gave a little curtsy. "One Christmas wedding coming right up! We'll get the troops!" A few hours later, Isabella was decked in a gown the color of snow doves. She hadn't even noticed that she was no longer in Forks, but a beautiful snowy land in the mountains. The air smelled crisp and clean. She walked slowly up to her groom who stood waiting under an archway that was decorated in crystals and mistletoe. They clasped hands to pledge their love. "Always," Edward stated loud and clearly for all to hear. "Always," Isabella agreed, as the snowflakes began to fall in their winter wonderland.