full moon. I took the note in my hands and my mouth cambered. Until we meet again… Alec This time, I didn't hesitate to open the small box. The blue oval faceted pendant inside, was shimmering at the moonlight beautifully. I passed it around my neck and looked proudly at my reflection in the full-body mirror across the closet. Until we meet again, then… Wednesday, September 1, 2010, 07:30 AM Alice has been acting really weird over the past two and a half months. She 's always been like this but, since our visit to the Volturi, she's been teasing me and dropping hints all the time. Countless of times had my brothers tried to extract anything from her; all she'd say was 'when the time comes, you'll all know'. The only think we knew for sure was that she had used her gift. "Are you sure you don't need me to drive you to school?"Carlisle asked for the fourth time that day. "Yes. Taking the bus is more amusing than it sounds."Truth to be told, it wasn't, not even in the slightest. But, the fact that I was going to the last grade of high school for the third time in my life didn't mean that I wanted to be treated like most students; being brought by their parents and partners. I was actually planning to walk to school. "Alright then."He finally gave up and opened the door. The view before me made me freeze on my tracks. Before I could utter a word, Alice-being her usual self-butt in and hugged Alec."And now that the last member has arrived, our family is complete! Welcome home, Alec!"He peeked at me, bemused. Carlisle, the first one to come back to his senses, welcomed the guy and grabbed his suitcase. Meanwhile, the rest of the Cullens were standing behind us, eyes widen and mouths gaped open. Jake was ready to dash on Alec. "Now, escort Mae to school. We'll talk about this later."Alice winked at him."You are a very lucky girl, sister!"She pecked my cheek and waltzed her way to the living room. Alec clasped my hand into his and pulled me in a heavenly embrace."Told you we'd meet again sooner than you think."He whispered. We started walking, holding hands, talking about anything that came up. He admitted that he was taken aback by Alice's reaction but then he figured she had already predicted his arrival. "Aren't the Volturi angry at you for leaving them?"I asked, worried that his arrival would cause problems to my family. "No. Aro specifically told me that I was free to go in peace and my sister, although upset at first, said that as far as I was happy, she'd be okay."His words soothed me. "But how-?" "Marcus has the gift of identifying relationships between people. During the festivities, he told Aro that he saw a deep connection between us and advised him to let me go if I ever wished to."I smiled, thanking Marcus-or his gift anyway. "Do you believe in love at first sight?"Alec asked. I thought about it, unsure about what to answer. Frankly, I didn't. At least until a couple of months ago, before I met him."I do now."He looked at me, puzzled."I didn't, not till I met you in the library that day. Something inside me was triggered then, but I didn't know if it was fury or something else. A few hours later, I realized that it was more than just anger, different but equally powerful." "And your point is?"He asked, teasing me. He knew the answer, he just wanted to hear me say it. I took a sharp 'breath'."I love you."I blurted out and immediately felt relaxed, as if a huge burden had been lifted off my shoulders. "I love you, too."He kissed me softly, his lips just as I remembered them. I giggled against his mouth. The rest of the way was silent. As we reached the school, I contemplated about what I thought was 'weird' and 'wrong'. That meeting in the library, had taught me that love at first sight exists. Mentally, I checked it off my list. Eternal love is possible, provided that you already have no.1 and you and your partner can live forever. Another one down. I had kissed a guy after knowing him for only a few hours, which could only mean that my list had just narrowed down to one; saying 'I love you' to that person. Which I had did. "You know what? You are the first-and hopefully the last-person that has proved me wrong! I had certain opinions on a particular subject and you managed to shake them down in just a couple of months! Normally, I should be furious at you for doing such thing!" "But you aren't."He said, stating the obvious."And when do you think I did this thing you accuse me of doing?" "I think it was the day we met."I said sheepishly. "And I deserve to be punished."He winked. I laughed at his dirty comment. "You bet you do!"I brushed my lips against his and ran the rest of the distance to the school. He didn't follow me. A few minutes later, all students were rushing through the doors. I found the rest of my grade and joined them in the classroom. As I settled down in the second seat of the middle row and opened my bag, a note fell on the floor. I picked it up. The necklace looks beautiful on you. See you soon… Alec Hey everyone! You know how this thing goes; R&R! Just tell me if it's good or not...If you want… Translation from Greek(The general meaning): * "You foul, annoying, self-centered idiot!" " Your words hurt me, you know." " You speak Greek?" " I have to keep myself preoccupied somehow, don't you think? How do you think I've managed to live through the past centuries?" " By annoying others to death? Just saying…" P.S.: Check my profile for some pictures.