it." "Please. Don't," she pleaded. "I don't blame you. You... doing that, it kept us alive. And I know I am not the only one that is going to have nightmare over it but please allow me to be selfish right now. It was bad enough..." I barely held it together as she spoke, there was only one stray tear that slipped from my eye. "It was hard enough to live through let alone to continue to think about. So please, can we just pretend it never happened?" I couldn't respond. I couldn't find my voice. I knew if I opened my mouth all I would do is cry. And I didn't want to cry for her anymore. I had to hide my pain. She was right. It was her moment to be selfish. "Please, Edward. I can't. I can't think about it anymore. I can't talk about it. I can't relieve it. I need to let it go. And so do you. Or I will never be able to..." her voice was quivering and I could tell she was barely holding it together as she spoke. She was about to unravel again all because of my doing. "If it never happened," I said quickly, saving her the pain of speaking again. I got to my feet and slowly approached her. "Then we need to clean up every trace of it off of you." I kept my voice even and flat, trying to keep the emotion out of it so we wouldn't break down again. If she wanted to move past it. I would try for her sake. I would never forget. I would never forgive myself. But for her I can try. I can pretend. "Let me help you." I held out my hands and she stood rooted in place a moment before she accepted my hands and I helped her up. I led her to the sinks and turned on the water, making sure to get it nice and warm. It wasn't going to be a luxurious bath but it would have to do. I washed her hair as best I could with hand soap in the sink. It left her hair clean but in a tangled mess. I did my best to run my fingers though it and get it looking as best I could without hurting her. It wasn't much but it was clean. I took a handful of paper towels and wet them in the sink. I carefully ran them over her face, cleaning it as delicately as I could. I didn't want to cause her any more pain. From her face I slowly moved down her body to her neck. I wanted to do more but didn't know if I would be crossing any lines with her. I rested my hand on her shoulder and carefully slid the material of the sweatshirt off her shoulder, exposing her collar bone. It was completely innocent but my heart was racing, fearing she would misinterpret my motives. My eyes met hers and she gave a quick nod and I moved on. I slowly unzipped the sweatshirt giving it a little push off her shoulders and it fell to the ground. I tried to keep my face neutral as I took in the sight of her body. My eyes grew wide, I was bordering on hyperventilating and my heart was beating so fast I was sure it was bound to leap of my chest. I tried to keep it locked in but I couldn't. "Oh, God, Bella! Look what I did to you." My knees gave out and I collapsed into her. I wrapped my arms around her, a silent apology, a promise to protect her always from this point forward. I buried my face into her neck in shame, unable to meet her eyes any longs. "I'm sorry. I am so fucking sorry. I will spend the rest of my life making sure no one every hurts you again. I know I can never make it up to you but I am going to try like hell until the day that I die." She tensed in my arms and I pulled away from her. "Please don't do this. We promised," she begged me in a whisper so quiet I could barely hear her. She grabbed my face between her hands and forced me to meet her eyes. ""You didn't do this. You didn't hurt me. Because nothing happened between us. They've been hurting me the whole time. This is them. Not you. You would never hurt me." She tried to convince me. "Now please help me get cleaned up. I can only imagine from your face how awful the rest of me looks." I nodded in response and grabbed more towels and continued to gently clean the rest of her body. I traced every line of her arms. I was careful with her back, her wounds reopened and slowly bleeding. I went over the swell of her breast and the curve of her hips. There was nothing sexual about it. I was a doctor treating his patient. I only hesitated once as I reached the delicate area where her thighs met. "Bella, I..." There was so much I wanted to say but I bit my tongue for her sake. She didn't say anything. She stood frozen in place but she didn't cringe or refuse my touch as I approached her. "I'm sorry if this hurts you," I whispered as I carefully cleaned off my seed tainted with her blood. When I was done I helped her redress. She met my eyes and placed a small kiss on my cheek. "Thank you," she whispered. "You've been a great friend thought this all." I wanted to refuse her thanks after all I had done to hurt her. But she seemed to be hell bent on forgetting all about it. All I could do was nod and follow her back out to hell hoping that it would all end soon.