everything I did was wrong. Because I hurt her. Because all I do is hurt her. Because..." "Keep going," Carlisle encouraged. "Get it out." "I can't!" I snapped. "I"m ashamed. You won't understand. I'm a monster!" Everyone kept there eyes locked on me as a heavy silence filled the room. "No your not," Jasper said. "You don't understand," I argued. "I do." Jasper said firmly. "No. If you did, you wouldn't be here. You couldn't even look at me. You-" "You did what you had to do." he said, cutting me off. "They forced you." "Oh, Edward," Alice sighed. "We've already forgiven you for hitting Bella. What a silly thing to still be worried about. You didn't want to, you had to. No one can blame you for what happened." I couldn't hold back the snort of laughter. If only that was all I did to hurt her. "I did so much worse than hit her." It was hard to keep my voice even as the tears threatened to fall. "Just say it," Carlisle urged. "No one here will judge you. Like you said, we've all made our mistakes because of this." "I can't. This isn't just about me. This is so much bigger than just me. I just wanted to tell you guys I was leaving. I just wanted you to understand." I stood from the table but Jasper reached his hand out and held onto my arm, locking eyes with me. "They will understand. And so will she." He leaned in and lowered his voice. "She told me everything. Everything . I understand. I get it. She struggled with the truth the same as you. You'll feel a lot better if you finally get it off of your chest. I know she did." I was frozen in shock. He couldn't know. He nodded his head as if he could hear my thoughts. "How? Why?" I asked as the first tear slipped down my cheek. "It doesn't matter," he said as we both fell back into our chairs. "Of course it matters! Look at what I've done!" "What you've done is survive. Not everyone lived through that. But you did. Bella did. And so did everyone else at this table. We probably wouldn't be if things were different, if you had made a different choice. But you didn't. And we lived." He paused for a moment and looked around the table. "We all did things we aren't proud of but we are family. We've been through hell and back together and nothing is going to change that." I wanted to protest but Emmett stopped me. "Dude, say it or don't. But even if you can't, I forgive you." "You can't forgive me if you don't know-" "You had sex with her," he said with a shrug. And it was out there. Everyone knew now. But they didn't know how bad it was. "Does everybody know?" I almost snapped. I looked around and was met with confused and shocked faces. I guess not. And it was only going to get worse. "We didn't just- It's not that simple." "Yeah, it is," Emmett said, looking at me as if I were stupid. "Rose and I do it all the time. I bet Jazz and Alice do to. And obviously mom and dad did or we wouldn't be here brother. "No big deal." "It was your choice! You always had the choice! I didn't. We didn't! It shouldn't have happened like that." I looked around, they were all stunned into silence. But none of them looked to be in a murderous rage. "I didn't have a choice about getting shot it the head but it happened." Emmett argued. "Bella didn't chose to shoot Lauren but it happened. Are we calling her a murder because of it?" No. Are we going to think of you as a violent rapist? No. You did what you had to do. No one got a choice in there. The only choice we had to make and still have to make is to keep going. Are you going to give up because some bad shit happened. I sure as hell hope not! Don't waste your life with worry and regret. Go out there and live. Fight for what you want because not everyone can do that." "That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to fight for Bella." "There you go!" Emmett shouted. "That's why I'm leaving. I need to make it up to her." "Edward," Jasper interrupted. "I'm not asking you to give up but just wait. Giver her the time and space she asked you for. She's having just as hard of a time figuring this out as you. Let her do it on her own." "But..." I trialed off not knowing how to make him understand. "This isn't just about Bella. I know she needs her time. I know that. This is about me. She said she wanted me to feel like I am on this journey with her. So I will go with her. I will follow in her footsteps and try to heal along side her even if we aren't together. I think I need this as much as she does. And I didn't come here to ask permission. I'm doing this. I just want to know if I have your support." "You will always have our support," Esme finally says something. There is the glisten of fresh tears in her eyes. "I have been battling my own demons since it ended. Your strength and honesty have inspired me. It's time to stop living in the past. We can't let that control us any more. I hope I have all of your support when I go to rehab. I have been using the wrong kind of help to heal." And so dinner went. There were more tears and more confessions and a lot of profesions of support. It wasn't the way I was expecting it to go. And for that I am glad.