your brothers will be home soon." I said as I walked the girls to the kitchen holding both of their hands. Emmett and Rose followed with Anna still in his arms. "Set Anna in the purple high chair please." I asked, he nodded as I made sandwiches and cut them into smaller squares. "Can you give the gift of immortality to others?" Rose asked as I handed the girls their snacks and drinks then readied the boys snacks. "I can" I said placing the plates around the kitchen table. Then went to Rosalie, I gifted her then Emmett. "Done" I said then the front door opened and the house filled with arguing and laughing. "Boys your mother and aunt have snacks on the table." I heard Jasper say loudly over their loud chatter. I looked up as all the boys came into the dining room and thanked me. "Wow, how many kids do you have?" Rose asked looking at the boys. "6" I said pointing to each of my sons and saying their names. "I said no I'm not dammit" I heard Jasper yelled I went into the living room and found Alice still trying to convince Jasper they were mates. "Alice give it up, my husband isn't going anywhere." I said then looked at her parents. "And you two should be ashamed of yourselves letting her go into a complete strangers home and let her try to break up a happy family." I added then walked out the back door angry and knowing my anger got really bad during my pregnancies. "Hey Syd, are you alright?" Kyle asked, I smiled softly at him. "Yeah just a stressful day. Oh and to warn you the boys are home." I said laughing which made him chuckle. He looked behind me and stared like a love struck puppy, I turned and started laughing. "Oh this will be fun" I said smiling, I went to Alice and gave her immortality as well as the others in their family. I felt my stomach tighten, I looked at Jasper. "Jaz honey, it's time" I said, he looked at me then nodded he picked me up and rushed me to the clinic and into a bed. I changed quickly then laid down, I looked up as Carlisle came in and looked ready to start working on me. "What are you doing in here?" I demanded as Jasper and Char got everything ready for the babies. "I will deliver your children" he said moving closer. "No you will not, their father is like he always does. Jasper you might want to grab Emmett, Peter, and Rosalie, we are going to need the extra hands." I said Jasper nodded and motioned for Char to grab them. "Why call them? I have experience." Carlisle demanded and I stared at him, as another pain ripped through me. "You may have experience but I don't trust you now get out." I said glaring at the doctor, he turned on his heel and left. A few minutes later Peter, Char, Rose, and Emmett were in the room. "What do you need Jasper?" Peter asked looking at me. "I want Emmett to sit with Sydney; Rose, Char, Peter, and I are needed with the babies." he said, Emmett walked over to me and sat down holding my hand. Two hours later I had given birth to triplets; two boys and one girl. "What are we going to name these ones?" I asked holding the little girl. "Well how about Nikolai Adrian and Logan Jager?" Jasper asked as he held both boys. "Those sound perfect, how about Ashlyn Kaylee for our new little angel?" I said looking down at Ashlyn who smiled up at me. "That is perfect sweetheart." Jas said kissing me softly on the lips. I dressed and we headed home. Everything was set up a week ago so all we did was lay the children down in their bassinets. "Where are the boys?" I asked as I started on dinner. "At the basketball court." Jasper answered coming into the kitchen as I started the lemon pepper chicken, mac n cheese, corn on the cob, and biscuits. I started filling cups with sweet tea. "Do you know if they finished their homework?" I asked looking up at him as he smiled at me. "Yes my love they did." he said holding me to him. "You know this is how we ended up with so many children." I said laughing making Jasper chuckle. "Yeah I know, but I love seeing you pregnant and having kids everywhere." he said kissing my neck and shoulder. I looked up at Alice who cleared her throat. "I'm sorry for barging into your home earlier and being rude to you. You have such a wonderful home and family. I would like to thank you for pointing me in the right direction of my mate. I am so sorry I tried to take your husband and your children's father." she said sheepishly, I smiled softly. "It's alright Alice I understand you have been alone for so long. I believe you just wanted to stop the loneliness. We will be great friends one day, just remember this is our home." I said smiling as she nodded. "Oh and be good to Kyle he is a good man, I have known him for 25 years and his brother longer. He will be good to you." I said smiling at her and she smiled back at me. "Sydney, Jasper HELP ME" I looked at Jasper and ran out of the front door I stopped suddenly and started laughing at Emmett who had been tackled by Christian and Lucian then the others got involved. Rose came running around the corner and burst out laughing at her husband. "Boys go get cleaned up for supper" I said smiling as I helped Emmett off the ground. "Sorry but what can I say, boys will be boys." I said grinning at Emmett who chuckled and nodded.