you have any questions?" Sue's voice grabs my attention and I look over at her and smile weakly. "No, I don't think so. Maybe I will later?" I hesitate only briefly. "Of course, dear. You are welcome to come to me or Billy with any questions. I'm sure that Rachel would be happy to help you as well." "Thank you, for everything. I know how hard it is for all of you to share something like this with an outsider. I promise, I won't let any of you down," I tell her earnestly and look around the room again, hoping that they believe me. I hear Cranky Pants sigh deeply, he is still looking at the floor but I imagine him rolling his eyes at my oath. While everyone else might trust my word, he clearly does not. Abruptly, Rachel stands from Paul's lap and tugs the hand of Deep Voice's girl. Rachel swoops over to me, grabs my hand and jerks me toward the front door, pulling me out onto the porch before I can stop her. "Rachel, what are you doing?" I demand in a shaky voice. "We're going for a walk, just us girls," she explains in a 'duh' tone and nods her head toward the other long haired woman. "This is Emily Uley, she's Sam's wife and we're going to explain a few things that Billy left out. Now, come on." Rachel jerks her head in the direction of the beach that we'd come from. "Okay, okay! God, you're pushy," I grumble as I follow behind Rachel. Leave it to Rachel to act like this is an every day occurrence. A little giggle escapes Emily's mouth and I grin shyly at her as we walk along. "She's gotten her moxie back, Rach. I think she'll be okay." Rachel stops abruptly and then leads us to the right. I follow her quietly, not having a clue where it is she's leading us. "Yeah, I think she'll be just fine." We finally stop, mostly because Emily sighs loudly and tells Rachel we don't have to go to China to talk. "Rachel, do you care to explain what it is that you feel like I need to know? What else could Billy have possibly left out?" I ask. Now that I'm away from the guys and with just Rachel and Emily, I'm feeling like I can ask questions and talk. Rachel drops down on the ground and Emily and I follow suit. I look at both girls, waiting patiently for them to expand on the story. I have a feeling this is going to be a doozy. Nothing compared to what Billy told me already, although it is pretty mind blowing. Rachel nods at Emily, who smiles at me and then begins to explain something she calls "imprinting". I stare at Emily and Rachel, a theme I'm noticing is happening a lot with this group. "Lillah, I'm Sam's imprintee and Rachel, she's Paul's. Imprintees and their wolves have a connection that is beyond just a normal human relationship. It is sometimes an instant connection, when you first meet - Other times, it takes a while. For Sam and I, it was the first," Emily pauses in thought and then continues, "For Jared and Kim, who you have not officially met yet, it took a bit of time. There is no real 'rule' for that part of imprinting. Do you understand?" she asks and I nod, my eyes wide. "For the imprintees, it's, well, I guess the only way to explain it would be it's 'love at first sight'? But for the wolves, they become something different when they imprint. They feel bound to us, and we feel bound to them too, but for them, it's unexplainable." Emily glances at Rachel and frowns, seeming frustrated with something. "When a wolf imprints, we are the only thing that matters to them, we are their world and they would do anything to protect and care for us." Emily stares into my eyes and I feel like she's trying to communicate with me silently. I almost tell her 'I don't get it' but she continues on, "They are our protectors and we have to be together, there is no question of that. We can never be apart because if we are, it feels as if half of our heart, our soul, is missing." Her voice drops to a quiet murmur. "It is much deeper than just being in love with someone." Emily continues explaining as best she can but she keeps telling me it's not easy for someone else to understand. I thank her over and over even though I don't really get why she's explaining all of this to me. We sit in our little circle on the ground talking quietly about the wolves and shape-shifting and the reasons they are here, when I feel like someone is looking at me. I lift my head, looking over the tops of Emily and Rachel's and stare unblinking at the edge of a line of trees. There is a wolf standing there. At first I assume it's Paul and he's watching over Rachel. Then I notice he has a darker colored fur, deep grey. There is some part of me, deep down inside that is talking to me. I just know it's Cranky Pants as soon as his eyes lock with mine. We stare at one another in recognition and I feel the heat and flush rising on my chest again before he turns away. What is happening to me? How could I recognize him so easily? I want to see him again, I want to taste his lips. I want him completely and I don't even know his name. This is something I've never experienced. The question is, what the hell do I do now? -0- A/N: So there we have it. Chapter 1. We really hope that you enjoyed it. Feel free to leave feedback and a review! Next up: Embry's POV!!