Apparently antibiotics and the pill were a bad combination. Their first daughter, Charlotte Esme was born January 2003. They made special trip to Forks for the baptism so Grandpa Charlie could see it. Since Edward had made captain, they decided that Bella would quit so she could spend time with their growing family. That family swelled to include two more daughters and a son. With four kids, Bella had decided to go back to school for her doctorate. She wanted to teach at the college level once their youngest Vanessa started kindergarten. Bella had gotten a job teaching part time at the SUNY by their home and had started her own business. All areas of her life were flourishing. The extra income was pretty great too. It was allowing them a much-anticipated trip to Disneyworld for the upcoming spring break. Edward dropped his gear and checked on his kids in age. First Charlotte, then Sarah, Alex their son, and then Vanessa. Finally he got to his bedroom expecting to see Bella working on her laptop. Instead when he got there he was Bella sitting on their bed in a black and red lace corset with a matching a thong and God help him a set of stockings with garters. "Bella," Edward, his 42 year old cock rising like a 16 years seeing his first set of breasts. "Edward," she replied in the same tone, "lock the door baby – we can't afford therapy bills if the kids walk in." Numbly he did want she said. Getting up Bella walked over to him and ran her fingers down her husband's chest. Moving her hand down, Bella started to kiss him hard. Out of instinct, Edward started to run his hands up and down his hands, feeling the lace in of the corset. "Uh uh," Bella tsked at him, "No touching just yet." Edward thought he was going to bust his load when she started to move down his body to his balls. Moving down to his crotch, Bella unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. "Hmm – I missed you," she said, putting her mouth on him. Edward closed his eyes and she felt put his massive length in her mouth and started to swirl her tongue around his dick. She was caressing his balls the way he liked it and he could feel the tightening his belly. "Bella – be careful – it's been two weeks," he said remembering how everyone had the flu last week and the two of them had been on nursing detail. Anymore of that and he was coming. Bella looked up at him and winked with his dick in her mouth. One more swirl in her mouth and he came loudly. Swallowing, Bella stood up, wiping her mouth. "Some how I think you can go another round so what about me," Bella said seductively kissing her husband. Edward growled and picked her up, not caring that his dick was hanging out of his pants. Getting to their bed he threw her down roughly and started to his way down her belly, getting to her thong and pealed it off. "These stay on," Edward told her, rubbing his hands on her stockings. Bella moaned feeling the friction for his hands. "I wanna fuck you with them on" she panted, turned on from the blow job she gave him earlier. Edward took a minute to look at her mount and realizes she had been to the spa. Bella didn't like to go completely bare but she had her hair trimmed down and in a nice triangle. The smell of her was making him crazy. He wanted her too much and flattened his tongue, taking a long lick of her slit. "Oh Edward," Bella cried out grabbing his head he continued to lick clit. "Feel it Bella," he demanded adding a thumb to her g-spot. It was going to be quick as she could feel herself tighten up again. "Fuck," she cried as she came around his thumb. During sex was when Bella really curse and it was as hot as hell. He wanted her come in fascination, loving what she looked like when she came. It almost enough - almost. Edward wanted to be balls deep in his wife's body. Waiting a minute, he kiss his way back up her body. "Ride me," he demanded, "I want to see those perfect tits." Moaning again, Bella twisted up, and settled on Edward's cock, both of them moaned at the contact. One quick and top popped down exposing her breasts. "Sudden I take it off or keep it on," Bella asked innocently. "On," he replied guiding her hips. Slowly at first, they picked up the rhythm. "Edward," Bella chanted, bobbing up and down him, "Oh God." "Oh fuck – you feel so good," he said, moving his hand to put pressure on her clit. He wanted her to come again. "Ohh," Bella moaned again as she felt, the pressure exquisite, "Fuck – fuck – fuck." "You got it baby," Edward said switching them so he was on up and Bella's legs were around them. "Move harder," she begged. "Look at me," he said, starting to pound harder feeling himself come in her. His release was enough to trigger hers. "Edward," she cried as he collapsed on her. He moved and pulled her on her him. "That was great baby but what brought that on," he asked after a minute. "I looked at the calendar today and realized this was first day you gave me a ride," Bella replied thinking of the day her life change. "I love you Bella," Edward said after a minute, thankful of the twist of fate bringing them together "Love you too," Bella said as she started to drift off to sleep. AN: Thank you for taking the time to read. I might eventually expand this into a full story. I got back to my other WIP on Monday – thanks for everyone's patience!