like a moron. "I'm sorry, I don't know what you mean. Is what true?" I love this woman, but I can't read minds. She's got to be more specific. Bella grits her teeth and asks again. "About you being new friends with Aro Volturi." She slaps the manila folder down on my desk at the mention of his name. Wrinkling my brow in confusion, I walk behind my desk and sit, pick up the folder and open it. It's a file on me. I flip through the pages, noting that it's pretty thorough, but finding that it has false information. I hear the click of a gun and look up. Bella is still standing in front of my desk, but now has said gun, with a suppressor, in her hand by her side. Shit just went somewhere I hoped it would never go again. Bella leans forward placing both hands down on my desk, gun included, and asks a third time. I know she won't ask another time—it's her rule. "I will kill you where you sit." Her voice is firm, but I can see in her eyes that she doesn't want to. I keep my eyes locked on hers and shake my head. "Not true. You should know that by now." She stares at me, reading me, trying to see if I'm lying. She won't find that, though. Before she can come to her senses, we're interrupted by the door unlocking and Jasper walking in. Before the door is even open all the way and without looking at who it is, Bella has another suppressed gun out and pointed at him. Jasper is struck dumb by this and freezes in his spot, the door closing on its own behind him. He gathers himself quickly though, and puts on a straight face. Finally, after what feels like ten minutes, but is really only about two, she looks away and stands up straight. Bella uncocks her guns, puts the external safeties on, and places them both back in her jacket. Jasper, not wanting to set her off, walks over to us slowly, keeping his eyes on Bella. I notice that he also has a manila envelope. "I'm clearly interrupting something, but this can't wait, Edward." "It will wait," I tell him, sliding my eyes over to him and then back to Bella. "Where did you get this? They need to check their sources better because I swear this is false." Bella sighs. "It came from my boss. Where she got the information from is unknown." She chances a peek at Jasper, who is still glaring at her, but returns to me. "It's our new assignment." Fuck. "Will you both stop pretending like I'm not standing right here? Who's the new assignment?" Jasper asks, obviously annoyed. Feeling like there's something fishy, I ignore Jasper's question, asking instead for him to give me the envelope. He looks worried about that and eyes Bella. "I know what it is. If I cared if she saw it I wouldn't be asking, now would I?" He hesitates and I just snatch it out before he can keep it away. Opening it up, I see my new target's name. I sigh, sad that my hunch was right. Looking up from the papers to Bella, then over to Jasper, I ask when it's supposed to be done. Jasper's answer is hesitant, but he replies with an ASAP. I just nod and try to think. "What's wrong?" Bella asks in that tone that sounds like she already knows, but needs to hear it. I hold it out for her, much to Jasper's protest. She takes it and opens it while I simply say, "To answer both your questions, we're supposed to kill each other." Bella rubs her hands down her face, trying to get herself together. "How are we supposed to do this?" she asks and I'm not sure I completely understand. Jasper jumps right in. "If you kill him, I'll kill you." "Duh, but that's not what I meant," she says with an eye roll. "How do we get out of this?" she asks, more to the point. "I believe you and not that file. I just needed to see you when I heard it." I get why, too. She knows when I'm lying and I both hate and love it. It's great that I can tell when she is as well. "I'm not sure, yet, but it's obvious to me that we haven't been as careful as we thought. Jasper already suspected and I wouldn't be surprised if Emmett did, too. Who else knows?" She snorts. "We received your file yesterday. Rose also had suspicions and is currently waiting in the car, and Tyler and Alice are at home, waiting for whatever call comes in." "You came here alone?" Jasper sounds a bit surprised. We both look at him like that was a stupid question. He holds his hands up in surrender. I shake my head at him. He's a smart man, but sometimes he can't help but state the obvious. "I think it's time we all have a meeting. Everyone in one room." Bella huffs out a laugh. "Easier said than done there, Sherlock. What makes you think no one else has gotten our faces as their new targets? Oh! And what makes you think that the rest of our people aren't on those lists, too?" God. "I hate that I love you," I say, smiling. "I hate that I love you, too." Out of my peripheral, I see Jasper shake his head as he groans. "Jesus, get a room." Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)