the feeling of Jasper's movements or the other man's moans. "Isabella," Edward said full of love to the image of the girl he missed so dearly. She grew even grimmer and placed her hand on his forehead. "See my pain." "What are you doing here?" Isabella looked at Jasper who calmly regarded her as he leaned against the trunk of a tree. "I'm supposed to meet Edward. He left a message." "Naw, honey. Lover boy isn't coming." Jasper slowly wandered over to her. "You aren't leaving town tomorrow." "How did you find out?" Isabella tried to creep backwards. Jasper laughed. "Ed's little sister was blabbing to her friend, Rosie. Supposedly, you two are the next Romeo and Juliet. Claire and Leonardo version, whatever that means." Swiftly he grabbed Isabella and pulled her close. He kissed her mouth as she tried to pull her head away. He savagely pulled on her breasts. "Break up with him and be with me!" "No! You're nuts!" She tried to twist out of his grasp. "No, Jazz! Please let me go!" Jasper held her struggling body tightly in the meadow where Isabella's car was found. She thrashed and cried. "Stop!" "You are leaving me and taking him!" he screamed loudly. "You two are fucking mine!" "You need help! Go to an insane asylum, psycho!" Isabella tried to push him away. "Edward loves me and I love him!" She gave a huge push, as Jasper plunged a large knife in her gullet. He let her go and she fell back into the grass, trying to scoot backwards. He laughed over her. "If I can't have you then no one will. I will have Edward's ass as I come in it!" She tried to get away, but Jasper was too fast. He managed to grab her hair and pull her neck back, exposing her throat, he stuck his knife in her again. Blood gurgled out of her mouth. Jasper pulled out the knife and continued to stab it into her. He plunged the final blow into Bella's head. Her brown eyes stared into nothing. Bella started fading in front of him. Edward screamed, "Isabella!" Jasper stopped and pulled out roughly, "What the fuck, Edward!" "You killed her!" Edward was shaking. "My Bella!" "You're delusional!" Jasper spat. Yet, there was something in his eyes. Edward pulled farther away from his disturbed lover. "Tell the truth!" All of a sudden, Jasper smiled. "What if I did, handsome? You love me too much to tell." "I love her too much to let you get away with it!" Edward screamed. "She fucking deserved it, the little bitch." Jasper reached over Edward for something. "No one ever leaves me and now she's mine forever." Jasper leaned back and tapped his heart with a carving knife. Edward had no clue how Jasper got it. Was this what Jasper had planned all along? Edward's heart raced in fear. In an attempt at distraction, Edward questioned, "What about me?" "I wanted you too. You were both mine!" Jasper laughed. "I'm the type of boy who likes his cake and to eat it too." There was a butcher knife on the other nightstand. Edward didn't know how it got there and didn't care. He grabbed it and held it out. "I'm not yours!" "You can join our Bella and wait for me," Jasper stated with a leer. "I'll just pass the time with your sister. Sweet Alice is quiet, but I bet she's a little hellfire in bed!" Edward pounced on Jasper with the knife. Their naked bodies tangled and twisted as they fought. The knives pierced their skin and blood flowed onto Edward's cream-colored sheets, making a work of bloody art. Jasper plunged the knife hard into Edward's stomach. It poured out sticky red liquid. Edward knew death was imminent. He cried, "One more kiss!" "Oh, I love you, angel boy! Give angel girl my love," Jasper leaned down and with his remaining strength, Edward slit his throat. Both men collapsed in a heap of messy limbs. Edward looked at the ceiling, waiting to die, listening to the gurgling noise Jasper was making as life left his body. Isabella looked down at him with a serene smile. "You're coming with me." XXXXXX Edward woke up on an iron bed with sheets the color of midnight. He was naked and disoriented. Isabella walked over to him softly. Removing her tunic, she stood before him in all her beauty. She began to light black candles surrounding the bed. "Baby—" he began. "Shush! Let me love you," she purred and straddled him. Her lips touched his and pain pulsed through him. "Oh, God!" "God can't hear you here, Edward." Isabella stroked his chest. "I was going to be your guardian angel." "You are!" "I was until you started fornicating with my murderer." She smiled ruefully. Screams filled the room. "There is our dear Jasper! Right on time! He's being eaten from the inside out. His tortured yells will be our symphony!" Edward looked at the girl he had loved, but she was harder and angrier. "I don't understand!" "Angels are funny creatures. They don't like revenge," she explained. Isabella licked Edward's nipple and it felt like it was being ripped off. "The Devil does. I promised him two souls and he promised an eternity of us being together." "Why?" Edward felt like his insides were being ripped apart as Isabella lowered herself onto his unwilling erection. Isabella shrugged. "I tried to warn you about Jasper. Tried to save you from his depravity." She tapped her finger on his nose playfully. "You didn't listen." She started riding Edward harder and his insides exploded in flames. It was agony. Isabella laughed. "This is our forever, baby." The pain. Edward began to weep. "I love you!" She smiled and moved harder as he screamed loudly. "I love you too," she admitted and kissed him with her firey kiss. Isabella's eyes became red. "But hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."