looked directly into my eyes. "I won't hurt you, but we have to do this, to ensure you're safe, but I won't hurt you." "I know." He leaned towards me, kissing me. His kisses were slow and gentle, reassuring me that he had no intentions of hurting me. He didn't move to the next level until I began to kiss him back, then he gently pushed me back on the bed, leaning over me. He fumbled with the buttons of my top, nervously laughing when they failed to cooperate. "Let me," I said, pushing his hands out the way. I opened the buttons and let my top fall to the side, watching Edward's reaction. He took in a deep breath as he eyed my breasts, still confined within my bra, but he never spoke. Instead, he took off his own shirt and tossed it onto the floor. Now it was my turn to stare. His chest was perfectly chiseled, as was his abs. He clearly worked out, a lot. He was also hairless, smooth. His skin called to be touched. I couldn't help, but reach out to feel his flesh under my hands. He was beginning to stir up strange feelings within me. As much as I didn't want to do this now, as much as I didn't want Father Brennan watching us, part of me wanted him . "Don't think about it," Edward whispered, as if reading my mind. His lips captured mine again, his hands slipping to my breasts, freeing them from their confinement. He squeezed them gently a few times before moving to my nipples and pinching them with his fingers. I moaned at the surprising sensation. I involuntarily began to grind against him, desiring friction. I knew I needed something; I just wasn't quite sure what. I only knew that I needed it now. One of Edward's hands moved to my jeans. He popped the button and pulled down the zipper before sliding his hand inside. I jumped at the contact on my most intimate area, but soon forgot my embarrassment when he began rubbing his hand against me. It was the friction I had been craving, and it felt heavenly, but I needed more. "Are you ready?" he asked after some time, his breathing labored. "No… Yes. I mean yes," I sighed, my breathing just as heavy. Edward stared at me for a few seconds before standing up and unfastening his jeans. I did the same, wriggling out of mine from my position on the bed, only pausing when I saw him removing his boxers. I stared in amazement as his cock sprang free. I had never seen one before in person. His cock was long, hard, and thick. I swallowed hard as I wondered if it would fit inside me. Edward didn't give me time to dwell on the matter. He came over to me and began to help me take off my panties. He hissed when he looked down at my naked form. "You are so beautiful," he whispered, making almost all my insecurities disappear. He joined me back on the bed, positioning himself between my legs. His lips locked with mine as if trying to distract me from what he was about to do. He slowly slid into me, inch by inch. It actually wasn't that bad, until he was almost fully inside me where he reached what felt like a barrier. I stiffened up from the pain, grabbing onto his shoulders. "Edward," I cried. "It's okay," he assured me, and with one quick thrust the stretching, tearing feeling was gone. I called out in pain, gripping onto him tightly. We both froze, waiting for the pain to subside. "It's okay," I assured him when it was gone. He started moving in and out of me, slowly at first, but gradually building up speed, to the point where I had long forgotten that we were being watched. I was completely lost in the passion of the moment. All that mattered right now was Edward and the tightening feeling in the pit of my stomach. "I," Edward groaned. "I can't hold on any longer. I'm gonna-" There was a loud bang outside the room, startling us both. Edward froze, looking towards the door. "You can't go in there!" We heard Father Dylan shout. Edward jumped to his feet and began to pull his clothes on. I looked at him terrified, wondering what was going on. "Put this on," he ordered as he bent down and picked up his t-shirt, tossing it at me. I barely had enough time to pull his t-shirt over my head when the door was kicked open and two Pluggers burst into the room, closely followed by Mike and Marcus. Edward pulled me protectively behind him, glaring at the intruders. "You have no right to be in here!" Father Dylan yelled, coming into the room after them. "This is a private ceremony." "She's mine," Mike snarled. "You had had no right to touch her, Cullen. I'll see you hanged for this." I gripped onto Edward's arm, frightened that they were going to hurt him. "They're married," the father exclaimed. "It has been consummated, I bore witness. He has every right to touch his wife." Father Dylan moved to stand between us and the enemy. "You whore," Mike spat, taking a step towards us. Marcus put his hand on his chest, stopping him from coming any closer. "I suggest you watch how you speak to my wife," Edward snarled. "Enjoy her while you can Cullen, she'll be a widow soon enough," Mike growled before turning and leaving the room. The rest of the men quickly followed. I stared after them, worrying that things were only going to get worse. Would Mike really hurt Edward or even try to kill him to get to me? I wasn't sure I wanted to find out. A/N: A huge thank you to Cristina for working with me on the old version of this chapter.