be my Christmas present from you." "I knitted you a sweater," I informed her. "A sweater doesn't equal a house." "I'm sure it's beautiful, so it is even better than a house to me." She hugged me tightly. Alice rushed in and flung herself onto Ellie. "Thank you! Thank you!" Esme came over and asked, "This is your Bella and Alice, Ellie?" "Yes," Ellie replied proudly. "These are my girls." Esme pulled me into a hug and motioned to Alice. "Come here, darling." We were all hugging, and it felt like this was the way it should have always been. "I'm going to marry that girl, Dad," Edward said to his father as they stood by the tree. I was hugging and snooping at the same time. "I'm pretty sure I can convince Bella to walk down the aisle after graduation. I've loved her since before I even left for Australia, but was too afraid to say anything. I'm not going to be that way anymore." "Umm . . . Okay?" Carlisle looked confused. Poor guy. I didn't blame him for feeling that way. I was a bit confused myself. My life was changing so quickly that I couldn't keep up. Emmett patted Carlisle on the back. "Isn't it fucking grand, Carl? The family is just getting bigger." "Carl?" Carlisle asked with a grimace. He turned to his brother. "What did you start with this Carl business?" Al started laughing uncontrollably. "Is that Mama's holiday chili? Can I take a taste?" Esme asked, sniffing the air. She grabbed Alice's and my hands. "We need a taste test, girls!" This was going to be the best Christmas I ever had and a start to many more. XXXXXX It was quiet now. The clock had struck midnight, and it was now Christmas. There was a light snow hitting the ground as my fingers touched the glass of the window of my new room at Ellie's. The glass was cool as my fingertips drew snowflakes on the glass. My fingers played with the garnet necklace Edward had placed around my neck after dinner. Sometimes, you need to just accept the gift without complaint. I adored it. "Whatcha thinking about?" Edward asked as he wrapped his arms around my waist. "The future, I guess." I kept looking at the snow as he rubbed the skin at the waistband of my pajama pants. They had penguins wearing Santa hats, so they weren't the sexist things in the world. "And?" A kiss to my neck. "It seems brighter," I admitted. "Did you read some of my stories?" I had given him my stories. They were the best parts of me that encompassed the best and worst parts of my past. His hands moved under my tank top. He rubbed my breasts slowly. Teased my nipples with gentle squeezes. "My girl is so talented. God, I love your words. Can my dad pass them on to his editor friend? Waylon will give you a job in a minute." "Will he now?" I turned and wrapped my arms around his waist. My hands traveled down into his boxers. I clutched his ass under the skiing reindeer. We both had a love of cheesy Christmas novelty clothing. "Thank you and your dad for doing that for me." His lips tasted like candy canes. We had been moving to this point for the last few days. Kissing and touching becoming more intense at every encounter. This was everything; Edward was everything. It was time. "Edward, I love you," I told him. I hope he already knew. He pulled me tight against his bare chest. "I love you." Our mouths crashed. My top was pulled off as we went crashing onto the mattress. We rolled around as the rest of our clothes were shed. Every touch made me feel like I was the most amazing person in his world. The kisses he scattered all over every inch of my skin made me tremble with joy. I returned the favor and let myself enjoy the wonderful way he would whimper at the way my tongue would glide over the contours of his body. His fingers glided into me as I raked my fingers down his back. Edward's fingers twisted in my hair and he pulled the strands gently. Our tongues twisted, and I was left breathless and so was he. "Are you sure about this," Edward whispered. He stared into my eyes, and I saw my future in them. "I'm sure about you, and I'm sure about us," I reassured him. A giggle escaped. "God, I sound so cheesy." He chuckled. "I'm pretty fond of your cheese, lady. Edward became serious then. He pushed into me so slowly and tentatively. I placed a kiss on his lips. A kiss to signal that this was truly what we both wanted. No words were needed. As we gazed into each other's eyes, we would only break the connection to stop and kiss as our bodies twisted together. Flipping and rolling around the comfy mattress, we would occasionally just smile at the buoyant emotions coursing through us. His thrusts became more forcible, and I felt my body tighten in response. I heard some people say that when feeling such intense passion, it was like seeing stars. For me, it was as if I was one with the whole sky filled with shooting stars. When we came together, we were one with not only each other but also the whole galaxy. This relationship was making me a sappy woman, but it didn't matter. I was enjoying the feeling as I was wrapped in Edward's arms. "This might be the best Christmas I've ever had," Edward said. He rubbed my back slowly, making shapes on my skin. "The beginning of many," I added. He flipped me on my back, and I laughed loudly. Edward nuzzled my nose with his. "The beginning of forever." Christmas is the season of miracles, and mine had finally been granted. The End.