married, I have the paper work in the glove compartment with the lists of all my accounts and properties I own. They are yours now as well." Jasper said when we stopped for gas and to use the restroom. I thought about it, it's not we like will ever get divorced and it will be hell of a lot easier. "It will be easier on us and it's not like we will ever get divorced so no need to hide anything." I said grinning as he pulled into a bank and we filled out all the paper work, I also filled out the paper work needed to get my credit cards and debit cards. When we were done we jumped back into the truck and headed to our new house. I smiled as the scenery flew past us and Jasper held my hand the whole way as we talked about names for the babies. "Why don't you order you a car and have it delivered to the new house?" Jasper suggested as we entered Idaho. I nodded then pulled out my laptop which had wireless internet connection, I started looking for a good family car. I finally found one and smiled. I loved it, and Jasper seemed to like it as well. I leaned back in the seat and fell asleep as Jasper continued to drive. We finally stopped at a hotel about 250 miles away from our new home. "We will need to go grocery shopping before we get to the house." Jasper commented as we laid down on the bed tired. "Yeah I know let's rest for now and worry about it tomorrow." I said before falling asleep in the comfort of Jasper's loving arms. We woke the next morning showered, dressed, had breakfast, then went back on the road. 3 hours later we stopped at a Wal-Mart and bought groceries, we quickly loaded the truck then headed to our new home. I smiled as we pulled in, everything was already built and ready, there were boxes on the front porch of everything we bought. I smiled as we started putting everything in their places. Jasper put all the TVs on the walls as I put our wedding picture on the fireplace mantel and some pictures on the wall of our families. I went into the nursery and started putting all the baby things away, and made sure everything was put away the way I wanted then sat down on our new couches. "I ordered us some pizza." Jasper said sitting next to me, breathing heavily since he was outside building the kids playground. I nodded leaning against him. "Are you alright?" he asked after he paid for our dinner and sat back down next to me smiling. "Yeah just tired." I said eating 6 pieces of pizza as we watched a movie. I went to bed early so I could finish getting the house put together tomorrow. A month and half later: I started on dinner and smiled as Jasper came into the house after taking care of the horses. I smiled and handed him his plate after he kissed me on the cheek. After dinner we sat in the living room and started a movie. I felt a sharp pain go through my stomach, I gasped and stared at Jasper who looked worried. "It's time" I said, Jasper nodded and carried me to the basement where he had everything set up to deliver our children, he laid me gently on the bed. I laid there panting and swearing it was the last pregnancy making Jasper laugh. "Push baby" Jasper said as I pushed our son out, I laid back to rest a minute before I would have to push our little girl out. "He's beautiful baby and perfect." Jasper said as he laid him down to get ready for the next baby. "Push sweetheart almost done" he added, I pushed our little angel out. I heard her cry then laid down to rest a moment before I got up to help Jasper clean our babies up. I smiled after we cleaned them both up and dressed them then put them into their cribs, I went to shower and dress. I walked into the nursery and smiled as Jasper started making their bottles. We both fed the babies and laid them both down to sleep. "What should we name them?" I asked looking down at our son who was a spitting image of his father and our baby girl looks like me. "What about Rebecca Ann?" Jasper asked as he stared at his little girl. "That is perfect babe, what about our little man here?" I asked smiling as our son looked up at me for a moment then went back to sleep. "How about Joshua Marcus?" he said looking at his son with pride. "Naming him after your father is a great idea honey." I said hugging him tightly then filled out the children's birth certificates, I put them in the mail so they would be able to go to school and such when they were ready. I looked at Jasper who was on the phone to Peter letting him know his niece and nephew arrived and we were all well. I sat down on the couch to relax before the late night feedings. Two years later: I sat on the couch ready to choke Jasper, I just found out I was pregnant again and I wanted to hurt him. "Hey babe what's the matter? You look tired." Jasper commented as he sat down next to me, the kids were napping. "Nothings the matter sweetheart I'm just tired. Having the twins, you, the house, my garden, and being pregnant again is really tiring." I said while watching for his reaction, it took him a minute before he realized what I said. I watched as the joy crossed his face, then he buried his face in my stomach talking and kissing it. I giggled at his behavior.