house was the one on the bottom floor. If she got them all to sleep so quickly then she is a miracle worker. I have trouble just putting the boys down! I walked up the porch steps and into the house to find Bella sitting on the couch in the living room wearing her red pajama shorts and tank top, and those cute fuzzy flip flop slippers she use to wear all the time. I smiled, she's still the same girl I fell in love with. She looked up at me with those beautiful doe eyes and smiled while gesturing for me to sit down beside her.I walked over to the couch quickly, setting my clothes down on the table beside the arm and sat down beside Bell. "So, where would you like to start? We have all night." "That we do. Edward, I'm just gonna come out with it. I miss you, okay, I miss you, and I miss the boys….but most importantly, I….I miss us. What happened with us was a mistake. We were both stressed out after having the twins. And it only took one word to make one of us snap. And that happened, and I regret that, and I'm sure you do too. But that night, those things we said to each other, they were out of anger and stress. We didn't mean any of it and we both know that," "I want you and the boys to be apart of mine and Sophie's lives. And Masen and Soph have a right to know everything. They may not fully understand it, but they will understand the brother and sister thing and us. Edward I just want things to be normal. I want to look Sophie in the eyes and tell her, that you're her daddy. Because every time she asks I just give some excuse, or change the subject. The kids that they go to school with, they see the resemblance Sophie and Masen hold to the other. Sophie has asked if that means anything, and I told her I didn't know. Edward I don't want to do that anymore because it makes me feel like a horrible mother. I miss you, I miss Ethan, and I miss Masen. I miss our relationship. I want us back Edward. And I want our family back, gah, what I'm trying to say is…..would you like to try and fix things between us so you and the boys can move in if you want, and be a real family like we should have been?" She asked sincerely, tears rolling down her perfectly tanned skin. An angel shouldn't cry, I leaned toward her, wiped away her tears and spoke sincerely. "I'd love to move in here and be a family. And I want us back. Everything you just said about you and me, and all of us being a family. I want that so badly that I can taste it Bella. I'm willing to do whatever it takes to fix our relationship and become a true family like it was meant to be." She smiled at me and I couldn't hold myself back any longer, I had to kiss her again it's been so long since the last time I kissed her. I basked in the taste that was my lovely Bella. She didn't hesitate with our kiss, she simply kissed back. It wasn't a full blown make-out, it was just a simple loving kiss. I pulled back and she was smiling at me, I couldn't help but smile back because she is just so beautiful. "That's my girl." I whispered happily and she kissed my cheek softly then leaned over to my ear and whispered. "How about we go get some sleep. We have a long day tomorrow." "Really, and how's that?" "Tomorrow we tell Sophie and Masen, with Ethan of course, so that we can tell them that you will all be moving in with me and we are going to be a family." I smiled as she pushed me up away from her and took my hand in hers. I picked up my clothes in my free hand and followed her up to the third floor where her master suite was. And of course it was so Bella, I shook my head when I saw the black and white pattern on the walls went perfectly with the black and white themed comforter on her queen sized bed. Bella crawled onto the left side of the bed, where she always slept when we were together and left the right open for myself. I smiled as I shut the door and laid my clothes on the black whicker chest at the end of the bed and slipped my shirt off, then my shoes and my shorts until I was just in my boxers. Bella let out a soft whistle as I turned to look at her, she has always been a big fan of my muscular figure, and my six pac. I crawled into bed beside her and turned on my side so I was looking at her. She smiled at me while cuddling up close to me, I wrapped my arms protectively around her and rested my chin on top of her head as she rested hers on my chest along with her hands. "Always the protective one. Even when we lay down to go to sleep. I've missed that Edward, and you." she whispered lightly and sleepily. "Hush and go to bed beautiful." I told her teasingly. And that was the last word said as she drifted into a peaceful sleep. Today was a great day…I cant wait for tomorrow….I wonder how soon we can move in? I am fixing my stories, all of them, adding and taking away. fixing errors and making corrections that should have been put in before. I hope you like it I am going to be adding different things and doing a lot of different stuff. hope you enjoyed this. R&R