trust. I just wanted a quiet place we could talk and get to know each other." "Okay." Inside, I took her coat, standing back with a low whistle. She was wearing a deep blue dress, tight across her breasts, flaring out to her knees. Her fists clutched the long sleeves as her gaze dropped. Slipping my fingers under her chin, I couldn't resist placing a kiss on her full lips. "Beautiful," I murmured. "My favorite girl in my favorite color." She had something clutched in one hand. "What's that?" "I, ah, made you some cookies. I didn't know if I'd be brave enough to give them to you, but here—" She thrust them at me, and I took the bag with a smile. "I love cookies." I reached into my coat pocket and held out the tiny box of chocolates. "I know they aren't heart-shaped, but they're my favorite." Her eyes were luminous. "Flowers and chocolate." I grimaced. "Too cheesy?" This time she leaned up. I bent low, and she kissed my cheek. "Perfect." Twenty minutes later, Bella was on my sofa, a glass of wine in her hand, and Charlie draped across her knee, soaking up all the attention she was lavishing him. I was jealous of my damn cat. She looked so right on my sofa and in my home. Her soft laugh filled the room, and her scent swirled around me. Her tiny bouquet was beside her, and I had already eaten most of my cookies. Bella insisted we would share the chocolates for dessert. Personally, I would rather have her, although I knew that was probably not going to happen—not tonight at least. Dinner was easy and light. We sat on the sofa, the heart-shaped pizza between us and a second bottle of wine steadily disappearing. The more Bella relaxed, the more I saw her real personality. She was funny and droll, her laughter infectious. She was well-read, and we discovered many titles we liked in common. We both loved the fall, movies and animals—among many other things. I gazed at her as she told me another story about growing up. She was enchanting, and I was under her spell. When dinner was over, we shared the chocolates. Reaching in the small box, I held up my favorite kind. "Sea salt caramel," I explained, offering her the chocolate with my fingers. "Open up." She hesitated, obligingly parted her lips, allowing me to slip the chocolate onto her tongue. Her eyes fluttered shut and a small moan escaped. "Incredible," she breathed out. My pants tightened a little. "My turn." She reached in and plucked a chocolate out with a smile. "Open up." I bent in, letting her place a chocolate on my tongue. I closed my lips, running my tongue over her fingers, and as she slipped them back, I kissed the tips. "This is my favorite now. Bella-added flavor." The blush I loved appeared. I wanted more of her. Closer. Standing up, I went to my iPod, scrolling through my music, hitting play. I held out my hand. "Dance with me." "I'm not much of a dancer." I pulled her to her feet, drawing her close. "You'll be fine." We began to move, Bella tense in my arms. I held her closer, dropping my mouth to her ear. "Steady on, Bella. I've got you." Slowly, she relaxed, and together we drifted to the music. Her head rested on my chest, and I slipped my hand up her back, caressing the silk of her hair. We stopped moving, our eyes locked. My gaze dropped to her mouth, then back to her eyes. Her chin tilted in a silent yes, and I bent lower, capturing her lips. Time stopped. The world outside her, us , ceased to exist. I held her tight, exploring every inch of her sweet mouth, greedily tracing her generous curves with my hands. I grabbed her hips, pulling her flush to me, leaving her no doubt to the depth of my desire. She whimpered deep in her throat, her arms securely around my neck, and her hands buried in my hair, pulling the strands. Groaning, I dropped my face to her neck, breathing hard. "Be my valentine, Bella. Every day." "Yes, please." ~Bella~ The bus Monday was unusually crowded. The earlier bus had broken down, leaving those passengers stranded. I pushed my way onboard, trying to find a place to stand where I could grip the handrail. I knew a seat was out of the question and so was my Kindle. Instead, I could listen to the playlist Edward had put on my phone. Edward. Just his name made me shiver. He was so amazing—and I was only at the start of getting to know him. Not only had he made Valentine's Day special for me, the entire weekend had been wonderful. His drugging kisses Friday, the wonderful indoor picnic we had on Saturday, and the way he blew up my phone on Sunday with his texts and phone calls. I could hardly wait to see him tonight. The bus lurched as it went around a corner too hard. I grappled, trying to reach for the handle, knowing I was about to either fall or take another passenger out. Strong arms wrapped around me, pulling me to a hard chest. Edward's voice was low in my ear. "Steady on, Bella." I looked up, beaming. He wasn't supposed to be on this bus, but I was thrilled that he was. He bent his head lower, his breath drifting over my cheek as he kissed it softly. "I've got you." Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)