"Nothing will change if no one takes a stand to change it." She said, but there was a strength in her voice now. "I admire you Bella." Edward said after a moment, and met her surprised look with a smile. "You have everything to lose, yet you're risking everything, to stand up to something much bigger than yourself, and to say that it's not right, it's not fair and it needs to change. You're making a stand for your ideals" "Well, let's just hope that everyone else agrees with you and the strike ends quickly." She shivered and pulled her coat around her tighter as a gust of wind blew down the street. "It's only going to get colder as winter comes, and ideals don't exactly pay for coal to heat my family's apartment." Her lips quirked into a smile and he couldn't help but laugh at her spirit, and when she joined in with him, he felt his heart quicken. "But I am serious." He told her as they turned down another side street. "I admire what you are doing. You are making a change in the world, trying to right a wrong. There are so many people in this world who just go along and put their heads down, just get through. But what's the point of that?" He asked rhetorically and Bella hmm'ed her agreement. "I think that's why I want to be a doctor. My brother in law, Carlisle. He came into Esme and my life at a time when I was lost, confused by the death of my parents. He was so warm and caring, not only to Esme, but to me. And then I realized he is that way with his patients, at the hospital and down here and in other places in the city where the disadvantaged live. He gives the same care to them as he would to Mrs. Astor or Mr. Vanderbilt." Bella let out a small laugh. "You say their names as if you know them." Bella looked up at him. "Oh my, you do, don't you?" "Well…" Edward hedged and shrugged his shoulders and Bella stopped walking, Edward took a step or two before he realized she'd stopped and turned to look at him. "You know the Astor's and the Vanderbilt's…" She shook her head. "Why are you here, with me?" Her voice was filled with wonder and genuine curiosity. Edward stepped in front of her and took her hands in his. "Because the first time I saw you, something called out to me. It was as if your soul reached out and sang to mine." "We belong to different worlds." Bella shook her head and looked down at their joined hands, hers in tattered woolen gloves, his in fine kid leather. "You speak of becoming a doctor, high society. I'll be lucky if I can help my parents afford our rent this month." "None of that matters." Edward began and gently squeezed Bella's hands when she began to protest. "It doesn't matter. I'm just a man, you're just a woman. The rest of it is….window dressing." "Isabella." A male voice called out and the both looked away from each other. A tall dark haired mustachioed man was coming down the stairs of a tenement on their left. His eyes narrowed when he saw Bella's hands in Edward's."Your mother's waiting upstairs for you." "Oh." Bella said and took her hand from Edward's arm, he missed it immediately. "Edward Masen, this is my father Charlie Swan. This is Edward Masen, he was at Cooper Union tonight and offered to see me home." She explained to her father. Charlie Swan eyed Edward up and down, and his gaze was glacial as he reluctantly took the hand Edward offered without a word. "What was decided?" Mr. Swan asked. Bella bit her lip and then said quietly, "Strike." "Damn." Her father said just as quietly. "Well," He let out a sigh, "We'll get through it. Alright then, go on up to your mother. I have to get to work." He turned and walked towards the river, his shoulders back, head held high. "He works down at the docks." Bella explained motioning towards the retreated figure. "Right." Edward nodded, not knowing what else to say. "Thank you, for allowing me to see you home." "Thank you for seeing me home. It was nice meeting you." She turned to go up the stairs, only stopping when Edward called her name. "May I see you again?" He asked, coming up to the first step. With her standing on the third step, they were the same height. "Why?" She asked shaking her head, her brow crinkling adorably. "What do you mean, why?" He asked, truly confused. "I saw the car that drove your sister and Rosalie to Cooper Union. I saw the way they were dressed, the way you're dressed. You come from a family where becoming a doctor is normal. I've never gone to school, my parents have never gone to school, I live in a tenement in the Bowery…so, yes. Why?" "I don't know." Edward answered honestly. "Maybe because I've never met anyone like you. Anyone as strong as you are, anyone willing to risk what you're risking, and doing it fearlessly." "Fearlessly?" Bella laughed. "Hardly. I'm scared to death about what's about to happen." "But you're going to do it anyway." He said. "Yes I am." She said firmly. "And that's why I want to see you again." He took her hand in his. She let out a breath that sounded halfway between a sob and a sigh. "I think I'm going to be busy for the next little while on a picket line." "Well, then I'll know where to find I will find you, I will see you again. This isn't goodbye." He lifted her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss to the back of it. "Good night Isabella Swan." He squeezed her hand once and then turned and walked away.