Embarassing. To heighten my feeling of awkwardness, I had to climb over a couple people as it was theater seating and the only available seats were scattered in the middle. Did I mention that while I was doing my best to find a seat and disappear as quickly as possible, the teacher found it necessary to launch into his lecture about how tardiness was unacceptable and rude, to both him and my fellow students? No? Well, welcome to the joys of being me! After that, majority of the day passed quickly thank God. I found out that I did have one friend in one of my classes. Her name was Angela and she was in my Speech class. We'd met during orientation a month ago and had exchanged numbers. We'd hung out a bit, and surprisingly, we really clicked. We both had military backgrounds and got along really well. She was as outspoken and in your face as I was timid. She was "fun sized" as she called herself at about 5' 4", but compared to my 5'11", most people are significantly shorter. She is curvy and unapologetic about it, with a force of personality that hints at her having gone through a lot to end up knowing exactly who she is. Both of us don't normally "click" with people, but we met and got along famously. She helped me laugh at myself when I told her about my morning and after talking with her, both during class and after, I was in a much better mood as I drove home. I walked into an empty apartment, since both Rose and Alice had classes that went from the afternoon to the evening. A quirk of mine, one of many, is that I dislike silence so the first thing I did was turn on music on my way to my room to drop my stuff off. After that, I wandered into the kitchen and wondered what I was going to eat. Now, I love to bake and I'm an alright cook, but I'm a lazy cook so if I don't have to cook, all the better. I remembered that we might still have a slice or two of pizza left from our 1st Annual Girl's Night to Say Goodbye to Summer. Yes, my sisters and I make up random reasons to have fun. There was already talk of Tequila Tuesdays, Footies Friday (where we have a sleep over in the living room complete with Ben and Jerry's and footie pajamas we found in sears; mine have duckies on them), Siesta Sundays, etc. Anyway, I opened the fridge intent on unearthing that last piece of pizza and found a saran wrapped plate with a note on it. I pulled it out and read: "Hey sweetheart, I'm sorry you had a rough start this morning and hope your day got better. Rose didn't really mean it, just ignore her. I made dinner early since I figured none of us will want to cook after we get home from school. I love you very much Bell, and I'll see you soon! ~Ali". Did I mention how much I love that girl! She is the best. She balances Rose and I out and her innate goodness helps me try to be a better person. While I began scarfing down the fabulous fajitas she made, I settled down on the couch to wait for my girls. I channel surfed on the TV for awhile and stumbled upon a new show called Army Wives. This intrigued me, as La (my nickname for Angela) and I had talked about it earlier today and she'd given it her highest recommendation. I settled in for a bit and watched the hour long premiere. It wasn't immediately griping, but it intrigued me and by the end I knew I was going to have to keep up with it. After that, nothing really grabbed my attention, so I turned off the TV. While I was still thinking about the show and all our deployed soldiers, a song came to mind called "Letters from Home". I had been humming along to it while I'd changed from my day's clothes into my comfy yoga's and old high school t-shirt. The tv show had made me think about how hard it would be to be away from home in a strange place, missing all those you know and love at home. I grabbed my laptop and Googled "military pen-pal' , and after searching a couple sites, found one called Soldier's Angels. After reading all of their rules and guidelines, I started reading the personal stories; that sealed it for me. I read one about a young man who was adopted by a family, and they helped him through his deployment with their letters and packages. I signed up and anxiously awaited the email that would give me my military pen pal. Ten minutes later, as I heard the happy chatter of the girls as they opened the door and came in, I clicked on the new email in my inbox. "Dear Bella, Thank you for joining Soldier's Angels! We appreciate your commitment and thank you for your donation. Your soldier will depend on you to write him, so please remember your commitment to writing him a letter at least once a week, though we encourage you to shoot for more than that (and emails don't count as actual letters, we want them to have something for Mail Call). Also, you've committed to sending a Care-Package once a month, and you can visit our store for pre-made packages or visit our site for ideas on his to customize the package for your soldier. Please remember that, if at any time and for whatever reason, you don't think you will be able to fulfill your commitment please contact us so we can reassign your soldier. Best wishes! Your Soldier: Specialist James Smith Oh boy. This had seemed like such a good idea…what had I gotten myself into?