everything you've done for me, Edward." She smiles as she takes out the chicken from the oven. I don't like the sound of where this is going. I take my seat as she serves me. The chicken smells delicious. We are halfway through dinner when she drops the bombshell. "The divorce was finalized today." For a moment, I am gobsmacked before she hits me with a second surprise, this one as bad as the first one was good. "I'm moving out, Edward." Her eyes are downcast, and she refuses to raise her head and meet my shocked gaze. "Why?" What happened? Why is she talking about going all of a sudden? "Why? Because it's the right thing to do. I should have moved out ages ago." She still can't meet my eyes. "Bullshit." My voice is raised. I don't care. "I have taken undue advantage of your generosity. I've hampered your life. You can't put your life on hold because of me," she whispers. "Who fed you this crap?" My anger is evident in my words. "Edward—" "Answer me, Bella," I demand. Her silence is my answer. Fuck people. Fuck their big mouths. And fuck my father's temporary secretary, Jessica, for being a bitch. I know who plants the seeds of self-doubt with such precision. "Fuck this," I mutter as I leave my chair to move toward hers. Her eyes are pools of confusion as I pull her into my arms and put my lips on hers. Perfection. It feels as if I've died from too much happiness. She tastes of wine and Bella, a unique taste that I have never tasted in all my life. Her lips are hesitant, but they accept mine as I slowly court them with all the love I feel for this woman in my arms. I still feel as if I'm dreaming. Having her finally in my arms after loving her for so long feels as if gods made her for me. My tongue nudges her lips, and she opens for me. I drink her sweetness from the chalice that is Bella, and I feel as though I'm the luckiest man alive. Tentatively, her tongue slides with mine. This woman could make me come with just a kiss. "Does this feel like you're hampering my life, Bella?" I whisper as I pull her to me, making her feel my erection. A blush taints her cheeks. "Feel what you do to me by just existing. Does this feel like charity to you, Bella?" She buries her head in my chest but doesn't reply. "Let people talk, sweetheart. That's what they do," I murmur. After a moment, she lifts her head and looks into my eyes. I am a goner. This woman has me wrapped around her pinkie, and she doesn't even know it. That is the last thought that crosses my mind before I start kissing her again. We end up in my bedroom. And we are ravenous. Her hunger for me matches my hunger for her. We are a single being of crashing lips, wandering hands, and entwined limbs. Somewhere along the way to my bed, we have lost our clothes. She sits at the corner of the bed, head bowed. She is perfect. My Bella. She tries to hide herself, but I kiss her insecurities away. I kneel in front of her, my eyes never leaving her skin. Her breasts are magnificent, her nipples hard points of arousal. I close my mouth over one while my hand shapes the other. "Edward," she moans, her head thrown back, eyes closed in ecstasy. I flick my tongue over her stiff bud. "What do you want, Bella?" I ask as I give the same attention to the other neglected one. "You," she pants. "Only you." I push her on my bed and follow. She is a vision, this woman in my bed. Her alabaster skin is glistening with sweat, her eyes are needy, and her mouth is swollen from my kisses. She is my seduction, my passion. I move down to start from her feet and work my way up to her mouth. It's gonna be a long night. I pepper kisses on the arch of her foot while my hand slowly inches toward her inner thighs. What can I say? I'm a greedy bastard. "How do you want me, Bella?" I ask while I find hidden mysteries of her calf through my skilled lips. She's making those needy sounds in her throat, ones that urge me to abandon the foreplay and dive straight for the treasure. "Answer me, Bella," I plead as I kiss the backs of her knees. My hands have traced my name on her inner thigh for the past several moments. That is only why they have not yet parted the folds of Bella's slick pussy. I am between her legs, slowly inching toward my goal when her needy whimper reaches my ears. "I want you in any way I can get you, Edward." I raise my head to see her propped on the pillows. Her eyes bore into mine, and I see myself mirrored in those orbs that have shed far more tears than anyone I know. I see love in them. "That's quite handy because you are going to have me, sweetheart." I smirk as I dip my head, and my lips touch her pussy. I had always wondered in the back of my mind, when I'd been fucking all those women, what she would taste like. Now I have my answer. She tastes like my eternity, my soul mate, my happily ever after. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)