great to have you home for Christmas little sister." Em said as he sat me down after his signature bear hug. "It's good to be home Em." After I gave everyone else a hug and said hi to the little ones daddy came and sat beside me as Esme handed me my presents from everyone. "You guys didn't have to do this, I didn't want anything." I said in exasperation as I began opening the first gift. "She objects but she still opens the gifts." Jasper laughed as they watched me open my many presents. I just rolled my eyes at him and continued opening, saying thank you to the respected persons after I opened a gift, the other gifts. When I got to the present Esme and dad got me I was ready to die. "Is this a hint that I need to start working out again?" I asked with a slight chuckle as I held up the compression shorts and hoodie. That's what my workout attire normally consists of. "No, we just thought you might want some more workout clothes is all honey." Dad laughed while kissing my cheek. "Oh, well in that case thanks. Thanks to everyone, you guys really didn't have to do this." They really didn't have to, all I wanted was my family and I have that now…well, almost that is. With that thought my mood dropped instantly, I really missed him, even more so now that I was home. Around people who were married and had started a family of their own. I hid my eyes from view, not wanting anyone to see the tears that were forming there. I didn't want to be sad today, and I especially didn't want anyone else being sad either, not for my sake. "Hey Uncle C are you expecting anybody?" I heard Jazz ask as he walked into the living room from the kitchen. "Not that I know of why?" "Looks like somebody just pulled up." He looked over my head and out the window to see a car pull up and let someone out before driving off back down the drive. It had started pouring the snow by the time I made it to Forks so I couldn't really make out who it was. "Huh let me go see who it is." Daddy got up and headed for the door just as the guest got there. "You know, you were more festive yesterday. What happened?" Alice asked, averting my attention from the mystery guest. "I just put on the clothes I had in my locker Ali. I didn't even know I was going to get to come home, I'm lucky I made it here when I did though." "That's the truth, the storm is picking up." Emmett commented as he watched out the window. "Look who I found out in the cold everyone." Dad announced as he walked back into the living room with a big smile on his face. The person behind him came into view and my heart skipped a beat. It can't be. "Alistair?" He smiled that award winning smile that made my insides churn. His blue eyes sparkled as they met mine, he was here, he was really here. "Hey beautiful." I jumped up from the couch and ran into his arms, he met me half way and picked me up and twirled me around in a circle. I cried into his shoulder, unable to contain myself any longer. This is our first Christmas together in such a long time. "I've missed you." I whispered into his neck before pulling back to look into his glistening eyes. "I've missed you too baby, I told you I would do everything in my power to be home for Christmas this year." "I can't believe you are here right now." "Well believe it beautiful." And with that he crashed his lips to mine in a passionate kiss that had the boys cat calling, the girls 'awing' and the kids squealing 'EWW'. We laughed into the kiss before finally having to pull away and just lean our foreheads on one another's. "I have something for you." He whispered as things slowly quieted. "What? No, having you home is enough Alistair. I don't want or need anything else." He ignored me of course, acted as if he never heard a word I said as he pulled away and went for something in his pocket before lowering onto his right knee. I gasped loudly while covering my mouth with my hand as my eyes widened to saucers. "Alistair." I gasped in surprise as he opened the box to reveal the most beautiful engagement ring I have ever seen. "Isabella Marie Cullen, I have loved you since the first day I laid my eyes on you. I never deserved your love, nor did I deserve you giving me the time of day. You mean everything to me, I would do anything to keep you safe. It's because of you that I chose to serve my country, so that you could always have a safe place to live. I know this has been a long time coming but I hope that you can forgive me for that. I will give you everything your heart desires, and I shall cherish you for the rest of my days. Will you do me the extraordinary honor of becoming my wife?" The tears were rolling down my cheeks freely by this point, everyone in the room was deathly silent as they awaited my reply. "Yes." I gasped on a sob, a smile lighting up his face instantly as he slipped the ring on my finger. He jumped up, pulling me into his arms and spinning us in a circle as he kissed me passionately as the room roared in excitement. "Merry Christmas baby girl." He whispered against my lips as we held one another close. "Merry Christmas Alistair, I love you so much." Thank you for bringing him home to me. THE END