be home in a few days so you will get to see them." Anna replied with a smile as she went back to making Rina's breakfast. She has a lot of allergies so she can't eat at the same time as everyone else when it comes to breakfast. "You ready to go Bells?" "Only if you are, you are the one meeting my daddy." "Oh that's right it's your turn to meet the parents. Don't say anything to piss him off bro, remember you got a daddy's girl on your arm. Daddy's girls are always the hardest to get to, the dads are always super protective." "Don't listen to your brother Alistair, all fathers are protective over their babies." "Well, I'm an only child so I think it will probably work out differently in this situation." I said with a giggly, just trying to mess with him a little. He looked nervous enough anyway. "Well, then the only thing I can tell you kid is to keep your mouth shut unless he asks a question and make sure you don't put your foot in your mouth." "Gee thanks old man. See y'all later!" he called over his shoulder as he steered us toward the door, he didn't sound too good and I couldn't help but laugh. Everyone called by to us and I did the same even though Al didn't, he really is nervous about meeting my dad. I can't really say that I blame him though, and it's not that my daddy is scary because he isn't. But he sure does know how to intimidate someone, and we have to tell him of the engagement today. "Can I drive?" I handed him the key without a word, knowing he would need the calm of driving to put him at ease. He smiled at me gratefully before opening my door for me and gave me my good morning kiss. "I love you." I whispered, holding onto his shirt and looking into his eyes. "I love you too baby, let's go do this." he said with a smile, kissing my head and helping me into the car before shutting my door and heading to the driver's side. ~~Things Change~~ "Daddy! You up?" "In the kitchen baby!" "Do I have to do this?" Alistair whispered as we shed our shoes at the door, he looked like he was going to shit his pants he was so scared. "Would you chill? He is going to love you." I said encouragingly while walking into the kitchen to see dad was drinking coffee and reading the paper. "Morning daddy." I said in a cheery voice while walking up to him and giving him a big hug that he reciprocated tenfold. "Morning baby, so this is him huh?" he asked in a serious manner-to Alistair it was-but I knew better, he was trying to scare him. "Daddy, this is Alistair, Alistair this is my dad, Carlisle Cullen." I introduced the two most important men in my life for the first time. "It's great to meet you Dr. Cullen, I hear so much about you all the time." Alistair said politely while holding his hand out for daddy to take it. "You too Alistair. I'm sorry it's taken so long for us to meet but as you are figuring out with Bella's schooling that being a doctor is a lot of work and I don't get much time off." Daddy replied while shaking his hand, squeezing more than he needed to, I mean Alistair flexed his hand once they pulled away. I rolled my eyes, really daddy? "Come on in the living room, you kids look like you have something to tell me." Oh god. I looked at Alistair with horror as daddy walked ahead of us, he just smiled at me reassuringly and took my hand in his, stealthily slipping my ring on my finger. I looked up at him, slight fear in my eyes but he diminished all of that with the love shining in his eyes. That gave me all the confidence I needed. Alistair and I sat down on the love seat across from daddy's big beige recliner where he was perched and looking at us suspiciously. Al cleared his throat and nudged me to go first. "Daddy, we, well I have been trying to tell you something for a few months but I just never had the guts to tell you. I was afraid you wouldn't approve." "Approve of what baby? You know I support you no matter what." "I know that." "Then what is it baby?" I looked at my dad and the looked at Alistair who gave me his award winning smile and a reassuring squeeze of my hand. "Alistair and I are engaged." He froze, everything froze, and he didn't look like he was breathing. His nostrils flared, eyes darkened then lightened, I was scared. Alistair was tensed up so much I swore he was a statue, I think he is more scared now than he was to meet my dad. "Well, I wasn't expecting that." Daddy finally spoke, rubbing his forehead. "I was going to tell you I just didn't know how you would react, I don't want you to be mad-" "Bella, baby. Why would I be mad? I'm a little upset you weren't confident enough to tell me sooner, but I'm not upset baby. Like I told you last night, as long as you are happy I am happy. And I can see by looking at the two of you, that you are happy and that's all I want. You have my blessing, you know that baby." I couldn't hold back the tears any longer, I jumped up and practically jumped into his arms. "Thank you daddy, I love you so much. You don't know how much this means to me." I whispered into his ear as I kissed his cheek. "You know I would do anything for my princess. I love you so much baby."