being a flat, overcast grey. The fire had long since gone out and I shivered in the morning air. I was tempted to stay in bed, but knowing I had to get up and face the day I slid out from under the covers and dressed as quickly as I could, wearing my spare kirtle and gown. The ones I had worn on the journey were dry now, and I folded them neatly and laid them in the chest. My cloak was still damp and I let it continue airing over the chair as I left the room. I made my way cautiously down the stairs and over to the great hall. Peering in the door I felt a quick flood of relief when I saw Charles, and I hurried over to join him. "'Morning Bella," Charles said. I dropped a quick curtsy. "Good morning." "I'm glad you're up," he said. "We start the day with chapel here and I'm expected." Without waiting for a response he took my elbow and steered me out of the hall, through a stone passageway and into another, smaller hall. The crush of people made the room almost warm, and I stumbled over someone's feet and nearly fell as Charles propelled me along. "Guess some things don't change, huh?" he said wryly, steadying me. "You still trip over your own feet." I could feel a blush warming my cheeks, but Charles had by then pushed me to a space by the wall, and I straightened my gown without answering him. "It's just prayers," Charles told me. "Not too long, and then there will be some breakfast served in the hall if you want it." I nodded, but before I could say anything the room fell silent and people all pushed backwards to make a space for the Lord's family to walk through to the front. Being at the back of the crowd hampered my view, but the family were surprisingly tall and I could see the tops of their heads above the surrounding people. Some curly dark hair, several heads of bright golden blond…I wondered what they looked like. The priest must have walked in with them, although I hadn't seen him, for he immediately mounted the dais and stood before the altar and the shuffling of people stilled as he lifted his voice in prayer. He was a small, slight man but his voice was surprisingly deep and strong and the short prayer service was more pleasant to listen to than I had expected. Charles seemed keen to get to work and hustled me from the chapel and back into the great hall. The high table was deserted; breakfast not even set. Charlie saw where I was looking and said helpfully, "The family take their morning meal upstairs in their private rooms, so you don't have to wait. Come now, get yourself some breakfast and I'll see that some of the other young ladies give you a bit of looking after. Help you find your way around." I took the bread and ale and then went unwillingly along with Charles as he headed towards a small group of girls who looked around my age. "Lady Jocelyn?" A slender girl with straight brown hair and a vivid, laughing face sprang to her feet and then curtsied deep. "Sir." Charles shuffled a little uncomfortably. "This is my daughter. You've heard of her? She's come back to live here at the castle after some years away…I was wondering if you wouldn't be able to look out for her for a time? Just help her find her way around, and get into the routine of things?" "Of course I would love to help!" Jocelyn gave me a bright smile. "Welcome, Lady Isabella!" I wondered what Charles had said about me, and how many people here were going to call me Isabella, instead of the Bella I had always preferred. "Thank you," Charles said, sounding relieved. He met my eyes and nodded. "I'll see you at dinner, Bella." I slid onto the bench beside Jocelyn, concentrating on not spilling the ale. I was very conscious of her frank appraisal of me, and that of the other two girls as they eyed me with interest. "I'm Lorelle," the taller girl said lazily. She had long, flat blond hair and looked at me without even the glimmer of a smile. I wondered how it was that I seemed to have offended her just by being introduced. "That's Agnes," Jocelyn said, pointing to the soft, dark haired girl who smiled at me shyly. "And I'm Jocelyn, of course." "I'm Bella," I said softly. I gave them all an awkward smile. I wished Charles had just left me to find my way alone, rather than pushing me into being social right away "Where have you been living?" Jocelyn asked directly. "In York, with my aunt," I answered. I picked at my piece of bread. "She married, and so I came back here to live with Charles…my father." "York!" Jocelyn looked impressed. "What was it like?" I bit my lip anxiously. Now they would probably be expecting me to be sophisticated and confident and interesting, when I wasn't anything like that at all. My aunt and I had lived very quietly, in a small private house that was so different to this crowded castle. "I liked it," I said at last. "The town is big and busy and noisy, but my aunt and I lived very quietly. We didn't really socialise a great deal." Jocelyn didn't bother to hide her disappointment. "Oh. Well even so, you'll probably find it all very boring here at the castle after the excitement of town. You're the first new arrival since the Lord and his family came two years ago." "What are they like?" I asked, hoping to turn the conversation away from me. Jocelyn exchanged glances with Lorelle and Agnes. "They're…interesting," Jessica said at last. "Come, let's show you around and we'll tell you about them."