climbing into bed and lost a few layers of skin to one of the springs beneath Angela's mattress. Edward and I kept up the emails, too, even though we saw each other several times a week, and the closet-sized apartment he shared with two other guys was a five minute walk from my place. He sent me directions to my different classes—I think I was the only first year who didn't get lost in O Week—and to the best coffee shop (not the one he worked in, apparently), and to the place with the best pho. We emailed each other about the books we were reading and the essays we were writing, and complained to each other about Carlisle and Esme's over-the-top wedding plans. He emailed me to invite Angela and me to Alistair's twenty-first, and he emailed me to meet him out the front of my place stupidly early one Sunday morning in May. I knew what he had planned as soon as I saw the boards crammed down the middle of his station wagon. "I think I love you," I told him, as he handed me a coffee cup with Wk L Sk written on the lid. I petted the Mini Mal I'd only used once since the semester started, then frowned. "Did you go home?" "Yeah." He rolled his eyes. "Suit fitting yesterday." "I would've come—" "You had that essay to write for Contracts. You got it done, right?" "Yep. How was it up there?" "Insane." He chuckled and swept the hair falling from his bun off his face. "I had to stand still for so fucking long so this crazy dude with a mouthful of pins wouldn't stab me." I winced in sympathy. His brain scans showed he had mostly outgrown his ADHD, but Edward still didn't cope well with tasks that required prolonged stasis. "Oh, and Dad and Esme want me to cut my hair for the wedding." "No!" His eyebrows twitched as he pulled out from the kerb. "That's what I said." I tried, and failed, to picture him with short hair. The surf was worth the drive to the coast. Crisp and clean, and aside from a pair of old guys riding longboards, empty. We didn't talk much, just revelled in the easy silence as we sat out the back between sets. The wind picked up as the morning wore on, and we were both shivering, our fingertips white and wrinkled, our eyes red from the salt, when we dragged our boards back up onto the sand. "Just be a sec," I told Edward, as I grabbed my dry clothes and headed for the public toilet block. It was too cold to stay in my swimmers, and I had never mastered the art of putting my undies on with a towel wrapped around my waist. Edward was fiddling with his phone when I slid into the passenger seat. I fished mine from the glove box. I had two new text messages. One from Kim, a girl in my Criminal Justice class, and one from Edward. I glanced at the clock on the dashboard. It was time-stamped five minutes earlier. Edward: Bella, I think I love you too. Will you be my girlfriend? My hip jammed against my surfboard, I leaned over, grabbed the front of Edward's shirt, and kissed him. My heart stuttered, my stomach swooped as I felt his lips part and his tongue sweep across mine. For the first time in ages, I learned something new about Edward. How he kissed, hard and greedy like he was making up for lost time, then slow and sweet like he'd realised we had all the time in the world. I learned the sounds he made as my hand moved across his chest, down his stomach. Discovered the scrape of his unshaven cheek against my neck, the weight of his hand on my breast. "Fucking boards." His thumb flicked my nipple through my bra. My breath faltered as his lips moved to my neck. "Take me back to your place." He paused, pulled his lips from my throat. His hair tickled my chin. "You sure?" Was it too soon? We were only a few minutes into this new iteration of our relationship. But I knew him inside out, trusted him completely. I loved him. The only reason to wait would be to draw out the anticipation, to build the intensity as we were dragged towards the inevitable… Which didn't sound half bad, really. "We don't have to do everything today." His teeth found my ear and pulled a groan from my throat. "But we should definitely make a start." The smile my reflection wears, bottom lip pulling towards the right, that's all me. It graces every family snapshot, every school photo, every selfie I've taken. I toss the moisturiser and hand lotion into the drawer and pick up my phone. I've just finished typing the email when Edward pushes open the door. I watch his reflection as his smile becomes a smirk. "Didn't realise you were up," he says. I grin. "I could say the same thing." He palms the back of his neck as he looks down at his crotch. "Occupational hazard." I roll my eyes, but I don't object when he steps behind me and brings his hands to my breasts. I lean back against him as he tugs at my nipples, and moan softly as he presses his "occupational hazard" against me. I'm sprawled across our bed, sweaty and sleepy-sated when I remember the email. "Edward." I poke him in the ribs. "The real estate agent was going to email you this morning." That's not a lie. The real estate agent was going to email us once she'd taken our offer to the vendor. Edward groans as he fumbles for his phone. His soft chuckle dies in his throat, and I know he's read my email: Edward, I love you so much. And I'm pregnant. P.S. Stop using my fucking towel.