you guys get along?" Jared asked with Kim in his lap. "She has always been jealous of me, because of my looks, dads affections towards me, me being older, having better grades, or getting a new toy that I paid for. You name it she had a problem with. As soon as she finds out about my two jobs, truck, my powers, degrees, Paul, you guys, and these boys things will get ugly. She has to have everything I do, and when she finds out I have feelings for Paul she will come after him to try and steal him." I said still running my fingers through the boys hair. "What feelings Cora?" Paul asked lifting my head up to look at him. "I'm in love with you" I whispered, I know we just met yesterday but I could feel it in my heart. "I love you too Cora and don't worry the imprint makes it impossible for us to cheat on one another." Paul said before kissing me gently, I smiled when he pulled away. "I'm not worried about you cheating on me Paul, I'm more worried about how far Bella is willing to take things to try and get your attention." I said looking down at the boys in my lap hinting to what I feared, I always had a soft spot for children. "No one will touch those boys Cora, we will all keep an eye out." Emily said, I nodded then helped Paul take the boys to his home after I gave the girls my cell phone number. I walked into Paul's house and smiled at the beautiful home, he really took care of it. I walked into the boys bedroom and grinned at the 2 cottage black full size panel beds, 2 matching nightstands with a lil' league lamp on each, 2 6-drawer dressers with mirrors. I pulled the Egyptian cotton sheets, one bed had a blue splash comforter on it and the other had a gray army comforter on it. I laid Ashton down in the army bed while Paul laid Logan down in the blue splash bed. After tucking both boys in Paul took me on a tour of his 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, gourmet kitchen, and a decent size yard with a nice size swing set in the backyard. Paul started in his bedroom. I smiled at the 4-poster king size brown bed with matching 2 3-drawer night stands with 2 Annabelle lamps, a 9 drawer dress with mirror, 5-drawer chest, Ocean Springs rug, Egyptian cotton sheets with a Brenna black/gray comforter. "It's amazing" I said smiling at Paul who grinned at me, then he led me out of the room and further around the house. I smiled looking around the living room, the Valley Vista Latte couch, loveseat, recliner, curved and curled metal base glass coffee table and 2 side tables with a Melissa lamp on each side table, and a Grand Harmony rug. I followed Paul into the dining room and looked around; the chocolate Cindy Crawford Heatherwood table with 6 matching chairs, matching server, and a Celestial study rug. I grinned still following Paul when we walked into the gourmet kitchen. "I can't wait to cook in here." I said smiling before kissing Paul on the cheek. I laughed at the large outdoor kitchen on the back porch. "Wow this is a beautiful home Paul. I have been meaning to ask and you don't have to answer but where is your parents?" I asked he knew I was asking because of the boys. "Our father ran off on us after the boys were born, and our mother died last year from cancer, I was able to get full custody of my brothers so they didn't have to go through the system. My father was an abusive man Cora and I hid it so well. When you watch the boys keep them away from him and you stay safe as well." he said, I nodded as we talked on his back porch. "I promise I will protect those boys Paul." I said hugging him, he wrapped his arms around me, I looked down at my cell phone when it dinged. It was a message from Emily saying they wanted to train some tonight. "The girls want to start their training tonight, I told them we can start after dinner." I said smiling up at Paul who grinned back down at me. I grinned when I got an idea of cooking for the Lahote boys. "I'm going to cook for you guys tonight." I said kissing Paul gently on the lips before rushing to the kitchen. "Are you guys allergic to any type of food?" I asked Paul who was now leaning against the island in the kitchen. "Nope" he said, I grinned and started making 3 homemade lasagna with 3 garlic breads, large bowl of salad, and 4 peach cobblers for desserts. "Paul what is that smell? We know you didn't cook." Ashton said coming out of their bedroom, I started laughing at what he said, both boys saw me and rushed over to me hugging my legs tightly. "We thought you left." Logan said rubbing his face into my stomach. "Not yet buddy, I made dinner, then we are going to Sam's so I can start training the girls." I said as I set the table then helped the boys into their seats. I smiled as Paul helped fill the boys plates, mine, then his I couldn't help not laughing when they all started moaning at the taste. When dinner was done Paul and I cleaned the boys up then the kitchen then went to Sam's to start training. It only took 4 hours for the girls to be completely trained. "Well good night guys, I need to get home but I will see you all tomorrow." I said smiling before hugging the men, I kissed Paul, then hugged and kissed the boys on the cheeks before heading home.