Edward could call for her in the time honoured manner. "And Edward's first chance to go with someone he loves…how could we not go?" I slipped a set of ruby drop earrings into my ears. "Of course, missing such an event would be inexcusable," I murmured sarcastically, but I didn't really mind. The red dress Alice had chosen for me was spectacular, and Emmett in a tux was not something to be scoffed at. In her shimmering gold dress, Alice clapped her hands. "The limousine will be here shortly- I'm going to go and check on Emmett and Jasper and make sure they're looking as splendid as you do Rose!" She darted out of the room and I picked up the small beaded handbag on the dresser and drifted slowly down the stairs. Edward, already dressed in his tux, was sitting at the piano and playing softly. Slightly hesitatingly I went and sat down beside him, listening as he played the end of the piece before he turned and smiled at me. "You look lovely tonight Rosalie," he said sincerely. "Thank you. You're looking very sharp yourself…Bella will be very impressed." Edward turned back to the piano, touching a key and listening to the resultant note. I watched his profile, and saw the sadness that underlay his smile. "Are you…sorry?" I asked hesitantly. "That you didn't let the change continue, when you were in Phoenix?" "No." The single word was harsh, and I thought that I had once again done and said the wrong with Edward, but a moment later he continued speaking. "I don't want this for her. I've never wanted this for her. To change her, to take away her life knowing all that she would have to give up for me?" He shook his head. "No. I can't do that to her Rosalie, not when there is still a choice. Could you- if it were Emmett- take his life away if there was a choice?" For a brief moment the thoughts I had daydreamed of for so long flooded my mind. Emmett, growing up, growing older. Emmett in the sunshine with sunburned brown skin, Emmett cradling a baby with the curly dark hair of his father and eyes the blue of the summer sky. Emmett with his hair shot through with grey. Emmett being human. But the monster inside me raised its head and roared mine, mine, mine and I was honest with Edward when I spoke. "I'm a great deal more selfish than you are, Edward. Emmett was dying when I brought him home to Carlisle, but if he hadn't been…I'm not sure that I would have had the strength to resist making him mine." Edward's face was bleak. "I'm not as strong or unselfish as you think. I'm still here, aren't I? I'm still staying for my own selfish reasons, when the best thing for Bella would be for me to disappear from her life as if I'd never been." "She wants you though," I said softly. "And she makes you happy, when you're with her. You deserve to be happy Edward." Edward smiled at me, and took my hand. "Thank you Rosalie. That means a great deal to me…especially coming from you!" His voice lightened as he teased me, and I ducked my head and laughed a little, embarrassed. "I am sorry Edward! You know that I feel- that this has all been, and possibly still is, a very dangerous game. But I was petty, and jealous and let my temper get the better of me, and I am sorry for that." Edward's arm went around me in a brotherly hug. "It's forgiven. I understand your fear for the family, we've lived with such caution and secrecy for so long and the way things are with Bella is very different." I hugged him back briefly. "You know I am always honest with you Edward. I don't know what to say about the future for you and Bella. I can never condone changing someone into what we are, but I realise where that leaves you…I do wish you joy though, for as long as you have with her." Edward smiled. "For as long as I have with her," he said thoughtfully. "Perhaps that's all any of us have, really, in the end." He rose to his feet and helped me to my feet. "And now I believe we have a prom to attend, and someone is waiting for you." I turned to see Emmett, lounging elegantly against the door frame. He straightened, and gave me a soft smile. "Good evening, Miss Rosalie." Edward laughed and twirled me expertly across the floor, before he laid my hand in Emmett's with a courtly bow. Emmett inclined his head towards Edward and raised my hand to his lips and I remembered that we were, all of us, really from another age. There was a click, and we looked over to see Carlisle on the stairs with the camera, Esme beside him beaming. "Smile!" Carlisle said, and snapped another. "My, we are being very human tonight, aren't we?" I said, but there was no bite in my tone. "Indeed we are, dear," Esme came and took my arm. "Parents always love to see their children dressed up for prom…every time they do it, no matter how many times they may have been before!" She called for Alice and Jasper and insisted upon arranging us all on the stairs for a portrait, then in couples and then the boys and then Alice and I. Finally Edward took the camera and placed it on the piano to take a picture that would contain us all. Emmett and I, Alice, Jasper, Edward, Esme and Carlisle. My family. In that moment I loved them all, but in the instant we held still with smiles for the click of the shutter, I couldn't help but notice the empty space beside Edward, and hold back a shiver for what it might mean in the future.