more than nice, as demonstrated by some rather unappealing sexual fantasies flashing through Mike Newton's head. Poor girl. She seemed nervous, in the interactions I had seen played out in other people's eyes. She was also gorgeous. Words like "pretty" and "hot" were floating around but they weren't enough. Human eyes might not be able to discern the extent of her perfection, but I certainly could. Her dark brown hair contrasted with her fair skin, almost pale enough to belong to one of my kind. She had a delicate silver hoop through her left nostril and a deep green flannel on, unbuttoned just far enough. Her eyes were large ringed with kohl. They were the same dark blue-grey as a storming sea. Goddamn, I gotta stop reading 19th century poetry before school. I tried to tune back into my brother Emmett's story, but it was a lost cause. She was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen- vampires included. I suddenly realised that I wanted her. Wanted her like I hadn't wanted anyone in almost a hundred years. I couldn't help but watch her. She seemed to be getting along with everyone at her table- their thoughts were all centered on her. Well, centered on the new girl anyway. I didn't think they had a very good idea of who she was. But I didn't hear her mind. I figured it was just quieter than others- that happened time to time. Mental voices were just like people- extroverts practically screamed their thoughts at me, while quiet people were more like a whisper that had to be closely listened to. I looked at her, trying to focus in on her voice. But it wasn't there. I listened to the people around her- Jessica, Eric and even shy Angela's thoughts were open to me. But not hers. I focused harder, almost glaring at the girl. Nothing happened. What was she? I was only broken out of my haze when I heard the familiar voice of Jessica Stanley, resident yearbook president and notorious school gossip, "Edward Cullen is staring at you!" The girl looked away, a pink tinge rising to her cheeks. Jessica leaned in and gave her the scoop on my family- the official story, anyway. Since I couldn't hear her thoughts, I listened to the conversation, hoping to stumble across some clue as to why her mind was closed to me. Jessica went through the normal bullshit- Carlisle had adopted Alice, Emmett and I after our parent's passing (which wasn't necessarily untrue) and together he and Esme had taken in Rose and Jasper from an unsavory home life, which again, wasn't necessarily untrue. Still, who believed that a young couple- my parents were both in their early twenties when they were turned, could adopt five, almost-grown children? Our kind's natural persuasiveness came in handy sometimes. The bell rang, startling me. I hadn't been startled for a long time. I threw my untouched lunch away and walked out the side door to biology. My sister Alice followed me, and I realized I hadn't been paying attention to her- or any of my four siblings for that matter, at lunch. Alice was smiling like she had fishhooks on either side of her mouth. " What?" I tried to reach into her mind, but she was furiously reciting an Emily Dickinson poem in a successful attempt to keep me from seeing her thoughts. " Alice, what is it? What did you see?" " You'll find out soon enough." And with that, she scattered off in the direction of her next class. Sometimes I hated having a psychic in the family. I took a seat in my usual spot, by the window. The view of the forest came in useful when Mr. Banner lectured on something I had learned twenty-times over. I had been to medical school, and I spent my days being lectured about how the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell and learning how to do punnett squares. The rest of the class was filing in now. She walked in just as the bell rang. I still couldn't hear her. As she made her way across the classroom to the teacher's desk, she walked in front of the fan buzzing in the corner. My world went red. I couldn't think, couldn't breathe. The focus of my whole existence was this girl. It was as if everything in the world had snapped into place and she was the center of it. A minute or so passed and my head wouldn't clear. She walked in my direction to the only open seat in the classroom- right next to me. I was staring. Fuck, what was this? She was looking mildly concerned, but I just couldn't look away. " Hey." I was at a loss for words. Here I was, looking at my reason for existence. My almost a century spent on this planet had been nothing but waiting for this moment. " I'm Bella Swan," she continued. " I know." She looked somewhat taken aback. Fuck, Cullen, get a hold of yourself. " I mean, I've heard people saying- new student… you know?" Was I speaking English at this point? "Edward!" " Sorry?" " My name. It's Edward." " I know," She threw a coy smile my way and I thought I might die right there. I spent the next forty-two minutes acutely aware of Bella. I could feel a buzz of electricity coming off of her skin, and I wanted so badly to take her hand under the table. And then from there, my hand would graze her thigh and I would- The bell rang. She got up slowly, gathering her books together. " See you later, Edward." I sputtered out what I hope sounded like a "Yeah," but I was too lost to know for sure. I watched her leave, and after she had left the room I finally let myself exhale. This was it. I had finally met my mate.