enough for the both of us." His eyes were hardened and a little mad – a reflection of my own. I could see the pain that he hid so well from the others. "I cannot bear to see you suffer." "You hurt me more with your rejection." "I will not be your downfall!" I was destroying him. He had to let me go, to move on into the new world without me. "Sulpicia," he'd breathed, his expression softening. "You have not and will never be my downfall. If you were to perish, I would go with you." I'd ceased fighting him then, collapsing into his ever-loving embrace. "I'm sorry," I sobbed, "I'm sorry for everything I've caused." He only held me wordlessly, shielding me from the monsters. Our conversation that night changed something within him. He changed, locking away the softest, the most human parts of himself, hiding it behind a veneer of smooth self-assurance. My beloved transformed into a different person before my eyes. He grew ruthless, searching the world far and wide for something that would cure me, for something that would make my crippled life easier to bear. Whereas before he'd allowed the Guard to come and go as they freely wished, this was no longer the case. Deviously, he used Charmion to bind their loyalties to us. He slaughtered Heidi's coven to acquire her, so that my feedings would be easier. He slaughtered countless more. And every night, he would bring iris to my room, the way he did our first evening together. "You're a piece of heaven to me, Sulpicia," he would say, his grip so tight on my wrists that the pain would slice through my mind's cacophony. My chamber became filled with the flowers' fragrance, and their sweet scent became the single thing anchoring me to reality when the voices threatened to drown me. "I have a gift for you," he'd told me one day. This time it was no trinket to brighten my room, or even a fresh kill. It was a young vampire, with burning scarlet eyes and hair of the same ilk. She bowed respectfully. "Mistress, I am Corin." Aro gave her a nod, and then it was as though all the heaviness in the world lifted from my chest. It was a shadow of Didyme's gift – not effusive happiness, but a dulled, lulling sensation. Contentment. For the first time in many centuries, my mind was clear again. The roaring voices faded to a quiet murmur in the back of my head. Aro had taken my hand, testing his theory, and then his smile had lit up my room. We made love that night. It was bittersweet – passion tinged with remorse – our first time since Didyme's death. He'd lain still in my arms for a long time after, his cheek pressed against my breast as he breathed in my scent. "Aro, my love," I'd said softly. He'd opened his eyes, brilliant as the first day I'd seen them, eyes that had only grown more beautiful with the passing of time. "Thank you for everything." He'd kissed my forehead. "Always, my Sulpicia." We pressed against each other – skin to skin – and I had never felt so close to another being. I draw the shutters above shut. The floor is wet, my hair dripping from the rain. " Would you like a towel, Mistress?" Corin asks, kneeling before me. Her hair is so lovely – ruby tinged with gold and copper flowing down her willowy neck. I reach down and tilt the girl's face up. A long scar runs down her otherwise flawless countenance. A moment of insanity. My moment of insanity. They grow rarer and rarer in Corin's presence, but sometimes, I slip. The stronghold was never meant to protect me alone. " Run along now," I say gently. "I'm sure Anthenodora would be pleased to see you." The girl bows and leaves silently. Her absence throbs. She is an addictive drug – but one I will gladly take as a balm for my madness. Without Corin, I was helpless. I dared not venture beyond the walls, afraid that the alienness of the new world would once again rouse the dying ghosts. "Fear not, Sulpicia," Aro would say. "All will be well." And he continued to send envoys to comb the world, searching for talents that might one day banish my madness completely – that we might both be free again. It had been centuries since my mate last ventured out of Volterra himself. We exchanged no words on the subject, but I knew that it was his way of sharing my predicament – quiet atonement for the crime he'd buried to protect me. For as long as my madness remained, we were both prisoners within our own home. Aro will be here soon. I keep an awareness of his footfalls in the back of my mind. I follow them every moment of the day as he moves around our home and become uneasy when he remains still for too long. He knows this and avoids it. Renata's light patters echoes his, and she is prepared to shield him in the instance of any assault. He leaves her at the bottom of the tower. At the exact same hour, the same minute, the same second, every day, his footsteps make their way to my door. His whisper reverberates through the thick wood. " Sulpicia." And I open the door, as I always had, every day in the last thousands of years, and always would for many thousands more to come. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)