a smile crept its way onto my face, making Alistair sigh in relief and anticipation. "I never thought I would hear you say that. I'm sorry, I love you with every fiber of my being and I never wanted to ruin what we had. So I kept my mouth shut, when I shouldn't have. When I am with you Al, I feel so safe, I feel like I could concur the world, and I feel like I can breathe easier. Every time something bad has happened to me or to us I always feel like I have something blocking my air way, like someone is choking me or shoving anything down my throat to keep me from breathing. But then you come in for the rescue and you make it so much easier to breathe." "And that's how love is supposed to be, god if I knew you felt that way sooner Bella I would have took you in my arms and kissed the hell out of you and made you mine a long time ago." "Then why didn't you?" I asked while leaning my forehead against his, smiling bright enough to match his. "Well I kind of did this morning but we were interrupted." I laughed, because now that I think of it he was right, I did pretty much give him permission to screw me this morning. "That reminds me. I went to breakfast with you this morning, what was it I was supposed to get out of that?" I asked with a seductive smile as I pushed him back onto the pillows, making him smile excitedly. "Whatever you want baby, I'm all yours." I closed my eyes and sighed deeply, loving the sound of that. "How about what you promised?" "What did I promise?" he asked, playing dumb as he began lifting my shirt up, I lifted my arms above my head, never breaking eye contact with him as he pulled it over my head and threw it to the ground. "You'd make love to me all day." He looked at my lace bra with such hunger that I thought it was going to pop open. "That's not what I said." "And what did you say?" he was sitting up once again, our bodies so close that there was no space between us. He reached around to the clasp on my bra and undid it easily while never taking his eyes from mine. "I said that as soon as we got home I would make sweet, sweet love to you all day long." He accented every work with a kiss to my lips, neck and chest as my bra fell away from my shoulders and landed on the ground with my shirt. "Mm, it sounds a lot better that way." I said with a smirk as I tore his shirt off as he attacked my lips with his. "I swear if Edward walks in Bella I'm killing him." I giggled as Alistair growled out the words. "I'll help." I gasped as he licked a hot trail down my neck as he pulled my shorts and panties off my body and threw them away to join the rest of our clothes on the floor. "I love you." He whispered with so much passion as he centered himself at my entrance, looking deeply into my eyes as I took his face in my hands. "I love you too." I pulled him down to kiss me as he pushed in slowly, it hurt slightly as I haven't been with anyone in months but it was a delicious pain that I welcomed. "You okay?" he asked once he was all the way in, giving me a chance to adjust to his size. This isn't the first time I have seen his very prominent member, I have seen Alistair completely naked on many occasions and him me as well. That's how close we have always been over the years. "Perfect." I whispered honestly, he smiled down at me and leaned down to kiss me once again as he began to move. Finally. It wasn't fast, it wasn't sloppy, it was slow sensual, and passionate. It was true and pure love. It was all us and it was amazing, I had been with very few people but the few that I had been with did not compare to what Alistair and I had, what we shared. "I love you." He whispered as we laid together after making love for hours, I was laying half on top of him and half on the bed, our limbs tangled together. "I love you too." I said with a kiss to his shoulder, looking up into his loving eyes, they have always been so loving. "I'm so glad we finally did this Bella, I promise you there will never be a sour moment." I leaned up to kiss him on the lips, it was a bit more passionate then I meant for it to be but it got my point across. "I know, there never has been anyway." "Really? You wanna rethink that statement?" he said with a playful lift of his brow as I rested my chin on his chest. "Nope, you know why?" "Why?" "Because none of that matters now. What happened between us because of stupid mistakes, none of it matters because we love each other. No one can change that, no one." In an instant I was on my back, a shocked and excited smile on my face as he hovered over me, smiling widely as he laid his body on top of mine. "Glad to hear it baby, now I do believe I made a promise to make love to you all day." "Mm, you already did that." He smiled brightly, leaning down to kiss me deeply, taking my hands in his and lifting my arms above my head. "We have two more hours of daylight left." He whispered in my ear seductively as he reentered me. "Then let's make it count."