he felt better. Bella relaxed into his grasp as he slowly lifted her into his arms so she wouldn't have to walk. Marcus felt better she wasn't walking but he still didn't like him holding her. She was in a vulnerable state and his feelings for her were clear. He didn't even know her name. He wanted to stay by her side and get to know her. Then again it's not like he could simply return for her. She still has living family, that he was certain of. It wouldn't be fair to them, plus the wolves would be a problem since she clearly loves them. Once Bella and Jacob were with the wolves Sam felt better. "Thank you for keeping your word." Sam said keeping it diplomatic. "I always keep my word." Marcus simply stated. "So do we. It should be clear then that these are our lands and the humans here are under our protection. We do not want to have another misunderstanding." Sam said his meaning clearly. He didn't want to give him the impression that they are forgiving. "Yes, we won't be bothering you again." Marcus didn't mean it but he wanted to get out of this precarious situation as soon as possible. However, he would find a way to reach her again. "Thank you for understanding. Goodbye." Sam said ending the conversation as politely as he could. "Farwell. Let us leave now." Marcus said to his two guards. "Yes Master." They said in unison. Alec spared one last glance at Bella before she was turned away by Jacob. It made him smirk slightly. As if he could ever forget her. Felix looked at each wolf taking in as much information as he could for Master Aro. The girl was turned before he could see her face but Alec had that covered. In an instant they were gone. The pack didn't move until they couldn't hear them anymore. Once they were out of hearing range Sam spoke. "Leah, Seth, Quil, Jared Paul follow their scent and make sure they are off our land. Do not go further, after that scour the land to see if there are any other scents. I want a full report. We will talk about this later. Secure the reservation first." Sam said and they left. Paul was hesitant but he left to shift and join the rest. "Bella are you alright?" Sam asked wanting to know how badly injured her leg was. "No. It hurts way more than a bruise. I think I need to go to the hospital."Bella said trying to stay as calm as possible. She didn't want to face the pack and talk about what happened. "Jake and I will take you. It would be best not to leave you alone for a while." Sam said getting only a nod from Bella. "Okay but could we hurry this is really hurting now that the feeling is coming back to my leg." Bella said as she fought the tears threatening to fall. Jake adjusted his hold then he and Sam began to run as fast as they could without hurting her. (At the Hospital) "Well miss Swan it's not too bad this time, just a sprain and the bone was slightly out of place from its socket." The doctor said as if it was nothing. But given that they knew how badly her injuries could get she understood. "Good?" Bella said not sure how to respond. "It is. You just need crutches for about two weeks and to rest as much as possible. After that it will twinge a bit but it should be much better." The doctor said as he wrote out a prescription for pain killers and then handed it to her before leaving. "Well were lucky this was all the damage that little demon managed to do to you." Jacob said with a slight shake. Bella laughed. The morphine was working. "I'm sleepy." Bella said as she yawned. "Sleep. We can talk later. Your dad is on his way. We said you fell while hiking. He's not happy but you should be asleep when he arrives." Jake said as a sleepy Bella only nodded. She was asleep fairly quickly. Jake took the prescription and slipped it into his pocket. He pulled the chair closer to the bed and decided to take a nap with her. He had come too close to losing her again today. Not to mention the way they looked at her. Especially that 'Marcus'. Even the devil spawn eyed her in a creepy way. Jake thought he only had to worry about the red headed leech and the poufy haired bastard. Why was Bella such a vampire magnet? 000 (Phone is ringing) "Brother how are you faring?" Aro spoke as he recognized the number calling. "Brother you are never going to believe what has happened." Marcus said as he and the two guards flew in a private jet straight to Italy. "Is something wrong? Do you need help?" Aro asked instantly putting the guards around him on alert. Especially Jane. "Not anymore. But I believe it would be better to show you rather than tell you. Otherwise you won't believe us." Marcus said as he shared a look with the other guards. "Very well. When will you arrive?" Aro asked since he could hear the jet engines in the background. "In about 8 hours." Marcus replied. "So long? Why can't you just tell me now what happened?" Aro whined hating to wait for any information. "You never could wait could you?" Marcus replied with a small chuckle. Aro was thrown. His brother laughed and made a joke. This was unreal without him having to say another word. "I found her Aro. My reason for living again." Marcus said. When he didn't hear a reply he simply hung up the phone. Surely Aro would snap out of it soon. There it is. Let me know what you all thought. I hope I didn't disappoint.