know more. "Did you plan anything specific for the weekend?" I asked. "Well," he started, "I was thinking tonight we'd just have dinner and enjoy our room. There are some things we could do tomorrow or Sunday, but nothing's set in stone, aside from one thing tomorrow afternoon." At my questioning look, he elaborated, "A college buddy of mine just bought a house with his fiancée, so his apartment is becoming available soon. He pulled some strings so I could view it first." I was dumbstruck. He would make such a decision without considering me or our relationship? The thought stung, making me realize I had fallen harder and faster for him than even I had suspected. I must have started crying because when he looked over at me, he hurried to assure me. "Oh, shit, baby. I'm sorry. Whatever you're thinking right now, please wait 'til we're at the hotel so I can explain properly." I nodded, although I wasn't sure spending the weekend at a hotel together would be the wisest thing to do after this. I hoped I was right to trust him. Thankfully, it didn't take us long to reach our destination, and I excused myself to freshen up in the bathroom off the lobby while Edward parked the car and checked us in. We were silent during the elevator ride to our floor, and I allowed him to guide me to our suite. My mind was working a mile a minute, thinking of the implications of what he'd said, while simultaneously trying to ignore those thoughts. The room must have been quite lovely, but in my frazzled state of mind I barely noticed. I sat down on the couch and turned tearful eyes to Edward when he sat down beside me. Resolution "Are you seriously considering moving away from me?" I asked. He grasped both my hands in one of his own, using his other hand to tilt my face up, seeking eye contact. "Babe, that's not what's going on. It was a shitty way of telling you, but that apartment is not meant to take me away from you." He wasn't making any sense to me, but I was at a loss for words, so I merely blinked away my tears. "I'm not too keen on moving back to Port Angeles, but Forks is also not really a suitable option. For either of us. So when Jasper mentioned buying a house, I asked him about his apartment becoming available." "But… I don't understand. Your job is in Port Angeles…" He smiled and squeezed my hands. "That's just it. I'm working at a local office there. The head office is here, in Seattle, and they offered me a transfer." I was happy for him at that prospect. I truly was, but I still didn't see how that could be beneficial to our budding romance. We were already juggling his work hours and commute, and that was only the next town over. How would a four-hour trip each way affect things? "Honey, I can see the cogs turning in your head, but I think you're missing the point," he said, smiling gently at me. "Then enlighten me," I challenged him. "How is moving to Seattle going to work out for us when I'm stuck in Forks?" "You won't be! I know you haven't found a job there yet, but your chances will be much better here. When we go to look at the apartment, I want you to look at it for yourself as well, because I envision you there with me." "What are you saying?" "What I'm saying, is that I want you to move to Seattle with me." Now I was struck silent for an entirely different reason than before. Did he truly see a future for us together? Were we ready for this? Wasn't it too soon? "I know we haven't been together that long," he continued as though reading my mind, "but these past few months have been the best I can remember. I can't imagine spending the rest of my life without you. I want us to make this decision together, to start over in a new place together. Tell me you want that, too," he practically begged. I could see the sincerity in his eyes and the hopeful expression on his face. There wasn't much else to do but nod at him. "Yes," I whispered. I might as well have shouted it. He jumped up from his seat, gathered me in his arms, and spun us around while peppering kisses all over my face. "Yes," I giggled. "Yes, I'll move in with you!" His lips captured my own, the kiss expressing his elation at my answer and the anticipation we had felt for this weekend. We moved into the bedroom of the suite, discarding clothes along the way. He ghosted kisses across my skin, bringing me to the brink over and over again before finally pushing inside me. I gasped at the delicious fullness, locking my legs around him. This was well worth the wait. There was a distinct sense of belonging I felt at being joined with him. Edward paused when he was all the way in, his hips resting against mine, and looked deep into my eyes. He was breathing heavily, looking at me with wonder. "I love you, Bella," he said softly. That brought on a new round of tears, which he kissed away tenderly. "I love you too," I confessed. Needless to say, we only ventured out of our hotel suite long enough to sign the lease on the apartment. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)