remarked with a frown. His eyes met mine, and this time, a fierce determination shone from within their depths. He took a step toward me, and I instinctively stepped back. A smirk tugged at his lips as he watched my movement. He took another deliberate step forward, then another and another until he had me pressed against the wall. "Bluebell," he murmured slowly, and his voice smoldered, so deep and just smooth velvet. "You're the 1 to my 0, the copy to my paste, the x to my y, the oxygen to my air and the hydrogen to my water. You're the color bomb that makes my candy world explode, baby." I couldn't help but giggle as his arms came up to encircle my waist. His thumbs skimmed over my waist as he spoke. "In the past year, you've become such an important part of my life that I simply cannot imagine a day without you in it. Your beautiful smile, your voice, your laughter, your touch… they brighten my world. I've fallen in love with you, Bella, and I really want the chance to make you feel the same about me." A single tear trailed down the slope of my cheek as Edward stared intently into my eyes. His soft, open, vulnerable expression tugged at my heart like nothing ever had. My hand rose of its own accord to brush away the furrow between his eyebrows and then frame his cheek. The spark of hope warring with nervousness in his features was like a mirror to my own heart, and something inside me clicked at the sight of it. "Edward," I whispered and heard his breath hitch in response. I threaded my fingers through his hair, dragging whatever length of it was left to fall over his eyes in his signature way. I pulled off my glasses and placed them carefully on the bridge of his nose. He watched me warily as I did this, so I cupped his cheek again in reassurance. A wide smile split my face when I saw my Edward staring back at me. This was right. I could now say what I'd realized… what I'd already known, but suppressed due to my fear of losing my friend. Something inside me loosened, warmed, calmed at the prospects of what I was about to do. I could now admit the truth. "I love you, too." No sooner had the words left my mouth that Edward pulled me flush against his chest and pressed his mouth to mine. Our lips glided in perfect harmony as collective sighs of satisfaction left our mouths. Fingers grasped at hair and clothes, tongues reached out to stroke and rub, and groans slipped past our throats as we poured a year worth of feelings into a single kiss. "You had me ever since you offered to be our vertebra," I told him breathlessly once we parted. We stayed close, though, hands entwined and foreheads pressed together. Edward laughed. "Well, it would've been good to know that beforehand. I had to sit through hours of Tanya's torture to look this way." I pecked the tip of his nose, reclaiming my glasses. "Well, I love you this way and that. You can be whoever you want to be, Edward. That's what I want. Your tweed blazers and your floppy hair brighten my day. That was the Edward I fell in love with. Every day over the past year, you've been claiming little bits of me. Today, I give you the last, most precious part of me… the part that I guarded closely to keep myself from pain. Now, I've realized that I can't be truly happy until I set it free. My heart is yours, Edward." He gave me an adoring smile, stroking the back of his hand over my flushed cheek. "My heart is yours, too, my Bluebell. What you said… it was the same for me. I mean, you made quite an impression on me the first time we met." "Really? What impression was that – 'Anti-social Swan' showing her true colors?" He shook his head in silent reproach. "Why do you think I call you Bluebell? You were wearing a blue dress that night, remember? I dreamed of you just as you looked at the party for days after that. I couldn't think of anything but you after having spent only a few hours in your company." Heat flooded through my cheeks at his sweet words, and at this point, I was sure I resembled a Tulip rather than a Bluebell. Edward chuckled at my reaction, planting a lingering kiss on my forehead. The gleam of laughter in his bright eyes was a sight to behold. It was a sight I wished to see often, and with that thought, I found myself making a request. "I love your glasses," I told him, stroking the soft skin beneath his eyes. "But maybe you could keep the contacts, too, and use them sometimes? You have such beautiful eyes, Edward." "All the better to see you with, my dear," he quipped and dodged my hand that reached out to smack him in response. "Absolutely, baby. The contacts shall stay. Any other requests?" I bit my lip, peeking up at him nervously before speaking. "Take me on a date?" Edward grinned and whooped a loud "Yes!" before picking me up in his arms and carrying my giggling form into what I was sure would be a new chapter of our lives. The best, happiest, loveliest, most amazing, wonderful, magical… Yeah, you get the idea … chapter of our lives. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)