me," He rushes out, before running, darting through the trees to get away from the two vampires he left in the clearing. "Oh my God." Jasper turns to find Carlisle standing behind him. "Indeed," He replies, and they begin to hatch a new plan. It takes days, but finally Emmett, Jacob, Carlisle and Jasper manage to find Edward again. They manage to corner him without him realising, and they know that when he realises what they've done he will run again, but for now he thinks he is alone, even though the entire family is silently watching him. They only have about half an hour, Alice says, but they don't care. Half an hour is all they need. He is sitting, staring at the ground when she approaches, making sure to make no noise as she does so. When she is close enough, she calls out to him. "Edward." Her voice is soft, she knows it is, and yet he whips around as if she had just screamed it next to his ear, not practically whispered it three feet away. He takes one look at her face before turning and beginning to run, but he is stopped by Jasper and a large, russett wolf who he knows is now his son-in-law. He had pulled it from their thoughts while he had watched them. His daughter had walked down the isle on her own, not wanting anyone but he father to be there. He attempts to go to the left, only to be blocked by Alice and Rosalie. He turns again, only to be stopped by Esme and Carlisle. As he looks up, Emmett is waiting in the trees. He knows he will be caught. Finally, he turns to his wife, if he can still call her that. She looks nervous, but profoundly relieved as she studies her runaway husband. "You're late," She says, as firmly as possible, placing her hands on her hips. She hopes the slight scolding will bring out the gentlemanly side of him. She gets her wish. "I'm sorry," He replies, but its whispered and he refuses to meet her eye. Everyone relaxes at this, well, almost everyone. Jasper focuses on the nervous movements of Edward's feet, which indicate how close he is to running. He is very close to running. "Edward," Jasper warns, stepping forward. His younger brother's anxiety spikes as he does, and it's only now that Jasper realises how stupid their idea to trap him was. It's got him to face them, but he's finding it hard to trust them. "It's okay. We don't hate you. I told them what you told me. We don't blame you for leaving." Edward whips around to face Jasper, growling softly. The others take a small step back, shocked by this, but Jasper doesn't back down, realising his brother's instincts to run are driving him to this. Looking over to his right, Jasper nods Carlisle forward. "It's okay, Edward," Carlisle says softly, calmly, with a complete reassurance of how Edward's mind works, and Jasper avoids rolling his eyes. He dealt with him as newborn, but Jasper is sure that in this moment, not even Carlisle can understand the magnitude of how much their brother has changed. "It's going to be okay. You're safe with us. I'm so sorry Aro got into your head like that." Jasper turns and shakes his head frantically at his father, sensing what he is about to do. Edward whimpers as Carlisle steps closer to him. "It's okay, son," He whispers before pulling him into a hug. Edward considers pushing him off, trembling under the familiar touch he hasn't felt for so long. It's been too long since he's been hugged. The only contact he's ever had for seventy years was aggressive. and life threatening. Carlisle could never be aggressive, so he's not sure why he's nervous, but after a second, he succumbs to what he's to do since the first time he was bitten. He cries. Holding onto Carlisle like he's drowning, Edward continues to cry, finally realising that he never should have left, that missing his daughter's life wasn't worth, that being apart from all these people for over a century just wasn't worth it. "I'm so sorry," He sobs, still wrapped in his father's arms. "I'm so, so sorry." "Dad." Everyone had agreed that Nessie should stay home, as she would be the hardest for him to see, as the last time he had seen her she looked barely five years old. She looks almost twenty now, as she walks into the clearing, watching as, for the second time in her week, one of her parents cries in one of her grandparent's arms. "Dad," She repeats, and cringes as he looks up, but only because she couldn't imagine that the scars on his face would look so... aggressive. He pulls away from Carlisle, slowly walking to his daughter. Jacob growls softly, but is quieted by a hit to the head from Jasper. Emmett throws a pine cone at him. As he stares at his daughter, his beautiful daughter, he can't believe he ever thought she could hate him. Even now, he realises, he left her, for over a century, and yet she still loves him. She still wants him around; in her life. "You're so beautiful," He whispers, holding her head in his hands, placing a kiss to her a brow and pulling her into a hug. She cries then, too, the last of the miracle family to succumb to tears. Only a few hours later, Edward is sitting - clean and in clothes that fit him - in the Cullen's cream living room. He is laughing with the rest of the family, and they have decided that it's best if they just pretend none of it happened. Even though Jasper can still feel his brother's strong desire to run, he knows he won't act on it, as he's finally happy, and safe, and home. No matter how late he was.