losing the best part of me. "Son, is there someone you need to call?" a male voice asks. "Here, use my cell," he carries on, placing the cell in my hand. I look down at it, and I know there's only one person I need. Dialing the number, I listen to the ringing for a few moments, praying they're not fully asleep yet. "Hello. Cullen," my father says, sounding confused. "Dad," I whimper out. "Edward? Son?" he says, sounding worried. "I need you," I tell him. "It's Bella … Dad," I cry out, dropping to the floor, no longer able to stand. "Son," my dad says softly. I wake up and look at him. Frowning, I look around the room and notice I'm in a hospital bed. As I wake, I start to remember what happened. Oh my God, Bella. What happened to Bella? "Bella! How is Bella?" I ask, scrambling out of the bed. "Slow, Edward," he orders, but I move out of the room and run to where she was last. "Charlie!" I yell as I walk into her room. I feel all of the breath leave my body when I see her strapped up to so many machines. "Sit down, son," Charlie says as he helps me to the chair. "Mr. Swan," the voice of the doctor who's looking after Bella mumbles as he walks into the room. "Sir, you have to leave," he orders me, but I don't look his way. "No, he's fine here. Just tell me about my daughter," Charlie states. Present day … Valentine's Day "It's been six weeks, Mr. Swan. Your daughter is not showing any signs that she's going to wake up. We feel that it's time to switch off her life support." I ignore the doctor and move to my girl. "I'm here, Topsy, so don't be afraid, because I'm going to hold on to you. I'm holding on with everything I have. Don't you let go," I beg her. I move onto her bed and lie down next to her, putting my arm around her and holding her as close as I can. "Do you know that it's now Valentine's Day? So why don't you wake up so we can spend it together?" I ask her as I move her hair from her face. "Edward," Charlie mutters softly. "It's time," he says barely above a whisper, but I shake my head at him. "You know she wouldn't have wanted to live like this." He stops talking, and I hear a faint sob. I know I'm selfish, but I'm unable to let her go. Not now … not ever. "Take the love you shared; use that to move on," he pleads with me. "There is no moving on, not without her. My sky cannot light up if my sun is no longer here!" I yell without looking at him. "Sir, I need to look her over." The doctor huffs, and I'm pulled forcefully away. I stand and watch her, telling her with my mind that I'm here and not to let go. As the doctor moves out of the way, I walk to her and hold her hand. My eyes stay locked with her closed ones. "Edward, you should say goodbye," Charlie says as if he was choking on the words, and I shake my head. "No! I am not saying goodbye. I am not letting her go!" I yell out, covering my ears, not wanting to hear them tell me I'm going to lose her. I feel Charlie wrap his arms around me. "It's going to be okay, son," he sobs, and I feel a sob race through my body as I hug him back. "We're switching it off now," the doctor tells us, and slowly, the beeping that has been a constant noise in the room slows. There is a new beep, and I know the doctor has switched off the monitor. There's a rush of sparks shooting through my heart, and I suddenly feel as if things are going to be okay. "Hold on, baby. Hold on," I mumble to her as the sobs echo around me. Moving closer, I kiss her lips. "Topsy, please ," I whisper into them, kissing them again. As I pull back, my eyes look straight into her scared ones. "Doctor!" I yell, dropping to my knees. "Stay with me, Topsy. Stay with me!" I call as her eyes start to flutter. Again, I'm pulled away from her as the room is filled with more medical staff. Standing near the window in the room, I watch as they move around her. I close my eyes as the side of my face is hit by the sun that's just come out, parting dark clouds in its path. "Where's Edward?" I hear my girl mumble, and I know that my sun is here to stay. She's going to be okay; we're going to be just fine. Knowing she still has a lot of healing to do doesn't discourage me, and I'm going to be with her every step of the way. The doctor moves, and I can see her. Her eyes are still open, but she looks tired. I smile at her, whispering my love to her. I know our love for one another brought her back. The fact it happened on today of all days shows me that many things played a part in her return. I don't know if it was God, Cupid, or a Valentine's miracle, but I know love will always persevere. Our love will help us get through whatever life throws our way. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)