." "You came back," he sighed. ". . . to you," she finished. He knelt in front of her in grateful silence. "Can we start the sunny, forever, sweetheart days now?" she asked softly as she ran her fingers through his thick auburn hair. She'd heard him. He looked up and she cupped his face. "Yes, baby, we're starting right now. Kiss me," he cooed. Edward had two more charts before he was finished for the night. Bella sat across from him intent on her work. On Thursdays, after her therapy sessions with Dr. Carmen, she would come to the third-floor lounge where he waited for her. Working through her relationships with her mother and Mike Newton was draining and left her feeling vulnerable. She would come straight to him, sitting very close without talking as he waited for her to initiate physical contact. It was a comfort to them to know that Newton was doing two years for breaking and entering, battery and assault. With a restraining order in place and a move to their cozy Craftsman home two blocks from Esme and Carlisle, they enjoyed building their life together. A sky blue Prismacolor pencil tapped his hand. Without looking up from his writing, he flicked it back. They were planning a trip to Ireland for their honeymoon in a few months and she was coloring a book of Irish cottages. He signed the report as a green pencil rolled against his hand. He flicked it back and saw her mischievous smile out of the corner of his eye. As he opened the last chart of the pile, he tapped his lips with his forefinger. He heard the scrape of her chair on the floor and felt her lips, tender-sweet, pressed to his. "I love you, sweetheart," he whispered against her lips as her chestnut curls tickled his cheek. He pulled her chair closer to his and rested his arm on the back of hers as he looked over the chart in front of him. She settled in the curve of his arm and hummed quietly as she continued coloring. As they walked hand in hand to their café on 45th Street, Edward watched Bella swing their hands as he thought back over the past year. They decided the first walk to the park was their first date and with that in mind, although they had known each other for a year, they had been together for eight months. He pulled her closer to him and tucked their joined hands in his jacket pocket as he thought of her sweetness the night before. She'd made him his favorite dinner of lasagna, better than his mom's, but don't tell Esme. And after she read a chapter of Wind in the Willows to him, to practice her reading, they retired to bed and what she called 'sexy times.' Sex had been a big hurdle for him. Not for her, she wanted to have 'sweetheart sex' as soon as she came home from the rehab center. It was easy for her to see that 'forever sweetheart sex' was different from what she knew before. Edward came to see that Bella and Mike lived as roommates with Mike using her as a heterosexual prop. Living under the flag of "it ain't gay if there's a woman in the bed," he used Bella to attract men to his bed. Through couple's therapy, Edward saw that she was just as much a sexual being as him and as long as she was initiating and enjoying their sex, it was good and healthy. Bella was patient with him but persistent and now their physical love was free flowing. Edward held the door for her, keeping his hand on her as they made their way back to their reserved table in the corner. It was set with them sitting side by side and their backs to the wall. He ordered a hamburger with no sesame seeds on the bun and the pickles on the side for her and Seafood Alfredo for himself. With therapy sessions, occupational therapy, tutoring for her GED, and working in her garden, she stayed busy. And after a hard shift, he came home to happy love, because of her. "Tomorrow is a school day," he said as he kissed her hair. She squirmed in her seat. "Yes, Alice is meeting me at the library to study before we go to class." Alice was her 'buddy,' a social worker assigned to help her maneuver through academia, who had quickly grown to be Bella's best friend. After working for years with autistic children, having a friend with Asperger's was, as Alice would say, "easy-peasy-lemon-squeezy." Through double dates and game nights, Edward, Bella, Alice and her husband Jasper had become close friends. When Edward and Bella said their vows in Esme's garden a month ago, Alice and Jasper stood up with them as Edward's parents looked on. He smiled at his wife, proud to be her sweetheart. She lifted her menu and tapped her pursed lips. He met her behind the screen and gave her a gentle, lingering kiss. While they waited for their food, Bella played math games on her tablet, and he put his arm across the back of her chair as he checked his emails on his phone. After a few moments, he felt her lean into him. He ran his knuckles down her arm. Each recognized the forever in the quiet moment, and they shared a contented smile as he fed her a French fry and kissed her hair. She was his solitaire—his precious gem—his forever. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)