nano, and a laptop. I looked over at Bella who was just finishing her shopping so I walked over to see what she got. I laughed quietly to myself when she pulled out her wallet and paid for her things, we both got the same Ipods, and laptop just different colors. We left the store and headed for the clothing store where we both bought new jeans, shirts, jackets, bras, panties, socks, sweaters, long sleeve shirts, pajamas, and shoes. We bought new jewelry before going to staples to get our school supplies. I started laughing when Bella found the book bag she wanted as soon as we walked in. I was loading my cart up with all the school supplies I could think of and we were going to separate them when we got home. I finally found my book bag right before we left and it was the only one on the shelf so I grabbed it before anyone else could grab it. Bella and I left then went to the furniture store to get our bedroom sets. Bella found a black wood queen size bed with matching dresser/mirror, 2 nightstands, 6-drawer chest, a desk, and a black leather couch. I looked around and found a black iron queen size bed with black wood dresser/mirror, 2 nightstands, 6-drawer chest, a desk, and a dark brown leather couch. We both bought memory foam mattresses. I bought white and black comforter set and 6 pillows. Bella bought a purple and black comforter set and 4 pillows. I text dad to let him know to watch out for our bedroom sets and whose was whose. "Let's go have lunch" I said when we finished loading our bed sets into our cars, Bella nodded and we went to get pizza before we went to get our bedroom accessories. After eating we went to an antique store where we both bought two lamps, a rug, and a few picture frames. Once done we went to the pet store where we grew excited and started looking around. I walked around picking up everything I would need for a puppy since I already picked my dog it is a Husky, I waited as he got all of his shots. I bought dog food, a collar which had my information on it and his new name which is Bear, toys, brush, two dog bowls, a dog bed, leash, grooming kit, medicines, kennel, carrying case, and shampoo. I was finally able to get Bear and now we are waiting on Bella who arrived a few moments later with a pug puppy and a cart full of bags. "Amber this is Daisy" Bella said, I smiled and shook the puppy's paw. "Bella this is Bear." I said to her, she grinned as we walked to our cars and started filling our trunks then placed our dogs in their carrying cases on the passenger seats. I text our dad to let him know we were on our way home finally. It took an hour to get home once there we started putting everything away and settled our pets in before checking on the others progress. My bedroom and bathroom are perfect. I walked to the room across the hall from me and smiled at Bella who was looking around in satisfaction, I looked around and smiled with her. "Your bedroom is perfect for you and little Daisy" I said grinning as Daisy yapped at me, Bella and I started laughing when Bear came in and pounced on Daisy and they started playing around. "Girls we ordered Chinese for dinner. Now who is this?" Dad asked as he bent down and started petting the puppies. "Well the black and white one is Bear and he's my baby. He is a full blooded Husky." I said dad looking at me knowing how much I wanted one and how much they cost. "The pug is Daisy and mine" Bella said grinning as Daisy tried to attack dad's shirt, dad started laughing with us as Daisy and Bear growled at dad, it was just too cute. "Alright let's go eat." I said picking up Bear and took him to my room where I fed and watered him before going into the dining room to eat. We talked about our shopping trips and how tired Bella and I were. "School starts tomorrow so you girls get some rest" dad said, Bella and I both nodded then headed to my bedroom where we split all the school supplies and got our book bags ready for school tomorrow, we also decided to take turns driving to school and I would drive first. "Alright Amber I'm going to bed." Bella said as we stood at the back door waiting for Daisy and Bear to finish their business before going back into the house. "Goodnight Bella" I said standing at my door holding Bear. "Goodnight Amber" Bella said opening her door with Daisy in her arms. I changed for bed then laid down in bed with Bear next to me and fell asleep. I woke the next morning took Bear out to go potty, fed him, gave him fresh water, showered, dressed, ate breakfast, then headed out to my car with Bella right behind me. I noticed the sun was out. I really got a look at Bella's outfit and smiled at her, she was getting better at wearing nicer clothes. "Daisy tried to eat my bra" Bella said when we pulled into the school and was walking into the office to get our schedules, I burst into laughter making Bella giggle as well. "Wow, I thought Bear was bad he tried to eat my slipper." I said still giggling. "Excuse me, I'm Amberlyn and this is my sister Isabella Swan we need our schedules." I said to the receptionists while still giggling. "Hello dears I'm Mrs. Cope, here is your schedules, maps, and locker information." Mrs. Cope said with a smile, we nodded and started comparing our schedules.