it is time to get started" Embry said, I nodded and walked out to the middle of the field behind the house to get ready. My mate sat down on the ground and watched me closely. Everyone stood around to watch but Rosealie looked like she waiting for me to fail. "Before we start I want to prove something, I may be a girl and a shifter but not one of you can best in a fight without using your powers. I have fought vampires before, now who is the best fighter?" I asked looking around, I watched as Jasper walked forward, I smiled at him. "So major, I guess we can start with you." I said grinning. I took off my shirt, I was wearing a sports bra underneath, I looked up at Sam and nodded. "Begin" he yelled, Jasper lunged for me, I jumped out of the way and flipped landing gracefully on my feet with my back to him. Thinking he had me, he lunged again, I back flipped and landed on his back with my arms around his throat. "Your dead" I whispered in his ear then jumped down. I smiled at the shocked looks on everyone's face. I looked at Garrett and he was being held back by Edward, Emmett, and Carlisle. I walked over to him and cupped his cheeks with my hands. "Garrett, I'm alright. Look at me I am fine" I said looking into his eyes. Sam came and stood next to me. "Serenity what is going on do you know him?" he asked watching me closely. "Sam this is Garrett Johnson my imprint and mate. Garrett my brother's Sam and Embry Uley" I said they nodded to each other and I smiled. "How the hell did you beat the god of war?" Someone yelled I turned and looked at Jasper who was sitting on the ground and pulling his hair. "I have to know, what is your diet?" I asked as I walked over to Jasper and crouched in front of him. "Animal" he said and I nodded knowing that's why. "What does that have to do with anything?" Rosealie asked and I knew she was the resident bitch. "It means that your chosen diet is slowing you down. I know about your gift Jasper, and I know you can't stand the emotions coming off of your victims but if you want to be strong enough to defend your family and friends you need to be at your strongest. I can take your power away long enough for you to feed properly. You all need to go back to your natural diet, after the battle I can take your bloodlust away for good and you can go back to your diet with ease." I said at a smiling Jasper who nodded. "Now I need the strongest fighter that is still drinking human blood." I said smiling at a dirty blond male as he walked forward. "I am Peter Whitlock ma'am" he said grinning like an idiot. "Ah yes how are you Captain?" I asked and he looked shocked for a moment then shrugged. "Begin" Sam yelled, Peter lunged at me which I dodged easily. We threw punches and kicks and dodge, until Sam called "Enough". "So it is the diet" Carlisle said looking upset. "Don't worry about it Carlisle, hunt the criminals just like Edward use to, like Peter and Charolette still do." I said smiling when he nodded. "How do you know all of this?" Alice yelled looking very upset. "I have many talents" I said simply as I looked up at the stars. "Where did you learn to fight like that?" Jasper asked walking towards me, I laughed humorlessly. "A horrible childhood" I said as I heard my mother come to the backyard. "It wasn't that bad" Sandra said, I glared at her. "Bella does your dad still work as chief of police? He will have questions about what happened to me." I said as my mother got the look of shock. "What would like to charge her with?" Charlie asked coming out of the house with Nessie. "You can't charge me with anything, I took my daughter away from an abusive father" I glared at her, Sam and Embry stepped closer to me then my father came around the corner and smirked at me nodding. "My father never hit me. And as for the charges how about kidnapping, child neglect, curelty to a child, and child pornography." I said, my brother's and father looked at me with shock because I neglected to them that part. "And that is only the beginning" I added. "I never kidnapped you, you are my daughter." Sandra screamed. "The day I was born you signed your rights away to my father, you beat me daily when I begged you to take me home, you starved me, forced me into martial art, self defense, and gymnastics classes, when I was twelve you put me into the underground fighting circuit, when Jim came into the picture you let him take pictures of me and you dressed me or undressed me for them, and then tried to pimp me out. When I found out about that, thats when I ran. I was your meal ticket, I made you wealthy when I fought. I am done with you, I want you out of my life for good. I want my childhood back, I am staying with my brother's, father, friends, and Garrett. I will not fight for you anymore, I will fight for what I believe in and that's it. If you need any evidence chief Swan it is in my back bag at Sam's place with Emily and Collin who are guarding it. Sandra one more warning if you send Jim after me again you may never see him again" I said then walked off, I ran til I got to the river behind the Cullen house then jumped into a tree and watched the water.