pieces?" "What?" Bella's brain was racing to catch up to all the new stimuli. "I'm not dead? This isn't Hell?" "Yes, you are dead. Undead to be accurate. In Hell? That's completely up to you, Isabella." He walked over slowly and moved her hair out of her eyes. "Do you remember who you are? Sometimes, when you wake up things are forgotten. Do remember me? I wonder if it will be more fun if I have a blank slate to work with?" It might have been the dismissive way he spoke to her that made her temper flared, and she remembered everything he did to her. Bella shook her head angrily. "You were supposed to kill me!" He laughed at her. "And let you win? You've always been a little crazy, but . . . That was mostly my fault. So much death shakes up the brain matter, I suppose." She launched herself at him from the bed, but her new speed was a surprise. She stumbled like a newborn foal learning how to walk. Edward easily caught her. "Easy there, clumsy. You need to get used to your new attributes." He pulled her into his side. "I promise, I was planning on killing you, but you just had to challenge me again. There was no way I was going to let you make me feel out of control. I'd rather have you stuck with me forever than to know you died happily. That's why they call marriage the old ball and chain. We will learn to deal with each other. Until I get bored and go find Jasper. I'll kill him just like I did Alice. Divorce vampire-style. Don't let me get bored." Intense rage filled Bella, and she grabbed his shoulder and squeezed. There was a cracking noise from his bones. Her eyes widened in surprise, and as she was distracted, Edward threw her against a wall. "I like it rough, Sunshine, but you're a little too strong for me right now. I need to get you trained first." He seemed to enjoy the snarl that erupted out of her. "My little tiger. I should get you a collar." Bella just sat in a corner and fumed. She wanted to destroy everything in the room. Rip down the walls and chop Edward into little pieces. The pull to him? It was more intense, but she hated him too much to let it affect her. "Don't be sad, Isabella. I brought you a wedding present." He went to the closet and pulled out a passed out Riley. The man was covered in bruises and tied up with rope. "Dinner is served. A feast for my beloved." "No," she whimpered. He smelled delicious. "Joe—" "Tasted like old weed." Edward shook his head at the memory. "I think I got high on that one." Bella felt as if she wanted to cry, but no tears rose to the surface. The smell of Riley distracted her from her sadness. She wanted his sweet blood to fill her mouth. Edward dropped the body in front of her. "Don't worry, sweetheart. He's still alive for you. Fresh blood is the only way to go. Eat your boyfriend so we can get a start fresh." Riley's heartbeat filled her ears. The blood pumping through his veins made her tremble. This was going to be the most delectable meal. She was about to gorge on him when he looked up at her and whimpered, "Alice—" "Oh, no, honey," she told him as she pulled him onto her lap. Bella stroked his matted hair gently. "It's Bella." "A monster—" Bella kissed him and felt the plasma under his skin. "I'll make it all better, Ri." She placed her mouth on his neck and bit down. He screamed. As she feasted, Bella remembered what Edward did to her when he changed her into a monster. The saliva that he let flow into her neck. Riley was better than ice cream. Her mouth coated in red, Bella placed Riley gently on the ground. She stood and faced Edward. "Yummy, wasn't he?" Edward asked. Bella untied her bikini top and it fell to the ground. "I think some little lady liked her gift." He started walking over to her as she unbuttoned her shorts, and they joined her top on the ground. She ripped off his shirt. Blood was quite the aphrodisiac. "Hey, I liked that one." Bella ran her tongue up and down his chest, leaving streaks of red. Her mouth found his, and he could taste the boy on her. "He was delicious!" Bella hissed. "You talk too much." She placed her hands on his neck. He cupped her ass in his large hands. She bit the skin on the top of where his heart would have been beating, leaving a wound that oozed venom. "You marked me," he said with a grin that turned into a look of rage. Riley began to moan behind them. "What the hell did you do?" "I made a toy. I hate to be lonely," she informed him. She began to squeeze his neck, making him cry out in pain. "Want to play a game?" Edward looked frightened and also intrigued. "Of course, you little bitch." He squeezed her hips. She would never be boring. "Let's play tag. I'm it, and you better fucking run." She kissed him hard. Edward let her go reluctantly. "I get a head start." She shrugged. "Of course. On your mark, get set, go!" He blew her a kiss and rushed out of the room. Bella couldn't wait to rip off his damn head. Slowly, she sat by Riley and pulled him into her arms. Bella stroked his head as he whimpered. "You'll be okay. I'm here." The game had begun, and she was going to win. Bella, in her melancholy, sang, "This little light of—" There was to be no more light. All that was left were twisted children's games to be played under the moonlight.