to be turned within the frame of his arm. Water drips from my hands, but I barely notice. "You want to know what I think?" Green eyes, pink lips, pale skin—my brain is overloading. "You're used to being alone. You don't know how not to be." "You don't know me." His brow arches and butterflies take flight in my stomach. "I know you better than you think." My jaw clenches as he closes the gap between us a little more. The memory of his kiss lingers, searing into my skin and making me ache for it again "You're so used to looking after yourself that you're scared," he says. "Scared of what being with someone would mean." Goosebumps erupt as a single finger, soft and gentle, runs the length of my arm. "You don't need to be afraid of me, Bella." He cups my face in his palm, and instead of flinching, I feel my body relax. "I'll never hurt you." His gaze is intense. "Let me in." I've always relied on my gut instinct, and it's always, always been right. And my gut tells me Edward is true to his word. I feel it everywhere. He lowers his head, just a fraction, and I raise up onto my tiptoes. His hand slips to the back of my neck, fingers resting in my hair. As soon as his mouth touches mine, I know it. I knew it as soon as I saw him, beaten and vulnerable, and I know it now, here in this tiny cabin so many miles from anywhere of consequence. Here, with Edward, is exactly where I'm meant to be. He scoops me into his arms, and instead of the ass-kicking assassin I'm trained to be, I feel like a girl, cared for by a man. He carries me upstairs, kissing me gently every few steps. Clothes fall to the floor as Edward unhurriedly undresses me. I slip his T-shirt over his head, and he lowers us onto my unmade bed. He kisses me all over, exploring the spots that drive me crazy, causing my skin to heat and my heart to thunder. He takes his time, bringing me closer to the edge. He moves inside me and I move with him, waves of fire consuming us both. When he comes, he pins me with his gaze, and I've never felt more real, more grounded. It's enough to send me spiralling with him. All night we talk about our lives, our time here, everything, and nothing. We avoid what could come next. When we're done talking, we make love again and I feel myself falling for him. The morning is crisp and calm. I shake a pillowcase out and fold it over the clothesline. The radio plays somewhere inside, some French hip-hop station Edward found. I grin as I secure one of his t-shirts with a clothespin. I made eggs for breakfast—I ruined them, but Edward ate them anyway. He's started a woodpile close to the chalet. The days are starting to get shorter, and we'll need to set up for the winter if we're going to stay. I kind of want to. I think we could be happy together, him and me. We already are. "Bella?" I poke my head out from behind a sheet. "Yeah?" The only warning I get is the whistle of the missile before it hits the ground behind me. The shock wave rushes at me and I'm airborne for a moment before my body slams into the ground meters away. My ears ring as I roll onto my back, mentally cataloguing my body parts. "Jesus, you're all right." Edward appears above me, hands fluttering over me. "Can you get up?" When I don't answer right away, his tone is more urgent. Wincing, I lift my head. "All limbs present and accounted for." Even joking hurts. The earth tilts as Edward grabs my hand and pulls me to my feet. "Good, because we need to run." The reinforced gates hold them, but only for a moment. An arrow lodges into a tree with a thwack. Edward's breath catches, but he doesn't falter. "Was that an arrow?" I duck my head and push forward harder. "Keep running!" Edward steps on it, keeping up with me as we dart through the trees. "Up here," he says between pants, as a low, wide machinery shed comes into view. "I hope there's a fast car in there." I miss my car. "Better than that," Edward says, ducking as another bullet whizzes by. We hug the tree line as Edward reaches the doors, pushing them sideways. "If that's what I think it is," I say, hope rushing through my body, "you're totally getting lucky tonight." Edward jumps into the cockpit and gives me the cheeky smirk I've come to love as he pulls on headphones. The airplane starts first go—finally, something is going our way. He reaches over, grabs my hand and kisses it. "Let's get out of here." He hits the thrust, and we're pushed back into our seats. The wheels leave the ground and we climb into the skies, leaving the chalet far below. Edward fiddles with a few knobs, grinning as he patches in the radio. He looks peaceful up here among the clouds, comfortable. "Cygnet?" Jasper sounds relieved. "Am I glad to hear from you!" "Copy, Mockingbird. Target acquired," I say, smiling over at Edward. He smiles back, squeezing my hand. "We're headed home." As cheesy as it sounds, I guess you could say we fly off into the sunset and have our happily ever after. Almost. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)