disperse to their own conversations. "They wanted me to play with this kid Jacob; he was a local. I couldn't stand him and everyone knew it, including him. I made a new friend and spent each summer with him, but I always told my parents I was off playing with Jacob. One year, they found out I wasn't with Jacob but with the boy, instead. He was maybe four years older than me, but they knew he was bad news. He was apparently the town hellion, and his parents were dirt poor. I don't really remember him, or his parents. I was six at the time," Bella finishes with a shrug. "I was conditioned to forget about my past, and that included my summers in Forks, Washington. My mother practically had me brainwashed by the time I was a teenager." Edward only nods and continues his deep thought-process. Bella turns to him and grabs his face in her hands. "Don't worry, baby; I'm back. You brought the real me back when I thought that girl had died away underneath the fake persona my mother had created. When you become someone else, you kill who you're supposed to be. That's what I thought I had done, but you brought my shattered pieces back together." She reaches up then, and kisses his lips. He returns the kiss with equal fervor, tasting her exquisite flavor, pulling her body close as he feared letting go would wake him from some sort of dream. One where the last few amazing months with Bella never existed. If Bella really weren't in his reality, he would surely lose his mind. "You made me whole again, Edward," she whispered against his lips, neither of them in the mind of a couple surrounded by people. They were so wrapped in each other that no outside object could ever penetrate their bubble. -TYT- That same weekend, Edward decided to take Bella down by LaPush to build a sandcastle for the contest. They arrived right on time, and enjoyed making theirs. They worked well as if it had not been their first time working together towards the common goal of sandcastle building. In the end, they won the contest, and Edward ran about with Bella on his shoulders, happy as can be. "I want to show you something," Edward says the minute he has her feet back on the warm squishy sand. He pulls my arm, walking forward eager for me to see his surprise. He continues to pull me through until we reached a playground just on the other side of a hut. The playground was also full of sand, surrounded by bark to hold it in place. A memory jolted her brain, but only a faint, fuzzy thought blew through. She knew why it was familiar. She'd played at this park plenty of times with Jacob...and also with her friend Masen. She couldn't quite pull every memory apart because they were all meshing together, making it hard to distinguish one happy moment from the next. "I remember this." Bella halts her rushed movements and stares at the park with a smile on her face. "This is where I made some of my best memories." She then turns to Edward. "Was it the same for you?" Edward shoves his hands in his pockets as his eyes search her face. "I made a lot of great memories in the summer..." He takes one hand out of his pocket and tucks a lock of hair behind her ear. "With a very pretty girl named Marie." " Marie! " Realization practically slaps Bella in the face. "I made everyone call me Marie because none of the kids could say Isabella." "You said your dad told you there were too many syllables, and your mom shouldn't have chosen such a confusing name." He snickers. Bella freezes in place as she is struck hard with the realization of what this all means. "You—you—" she stuttered, pointing at me. "Yes, Bella; I'm Masen. At the time, I thought the name sounded a lot cooler than Edward, so I ran with it. Your dad was right; I was a hellion." Bella nudges him, snickering at his expense. "I know you were." Edward is all of a sudden very serious when he pulls Bella into his arms. He presses his lips to her ear and whispers, "You said you would come back and you never did. I left that to chance. I wasn't going to lose you twice in one lifetime." "So you knew who I was six months ago at your restaurant?" Bella asks, trying to think back and see if he had displayed any clues. "No, Bella. It didn't dawn on me until the night we had dinner with Alice." "That was just Wednesday." Bella stares, and Edward nods in confirmation. "But thinking back on it now that I know, all I can think about is how right I was for making my own destiny. For wiggling my way into your date. For taking your time—" "For taking my heart," Bella finishes, tears brimming in her eyes, falling as they may. "I love you, Edward." Edward takes her face in his hands and passionately kisses her until she doesn't know whose air she is breathing. He dips her back and takes a thorough taste of her mouth, relishing in her presence and her love. He finally pulls away and runs the back of his hand down her cheek. "I love you more than you will ever know, baby, and I'm going to love you for the rest of my life." Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)