except for the occasional email. Sunday nights, while preparing for Monday morning brought the familiar pounding of another migraine. I should have brought stock in Advil. The only silver lining to Edward being out of work was that he cared for the twins and the house. I was completely useless the rest of the time. "Maggie, if you go after her, go hard, she is a Grade-A bitch. She will not hesitate to make Angela look like a simpleton," I told her and the reiterated the call I received. "Don't worry honey, I can make a Nazi cry," Maggie said, patting my hand. We all laughed, "Good," I said, because that is what she is a raving Nazi." Six months later… I got out at the subway station by the Lipstick building on 59th. The Lipstick building is also known as the Revlon Building by one of MSK's out patient pavilions. It looks like a tube of lipstick made out of red brick. It was where the deposition was taking place for the lawsuit Angela and her parents were pursuing. I walked in and checked in with the security guard. I then went to the attorneys' office suite and checked in with the receptionist. She informed me that I was the first one there and asked me if I would like anything. I had skipped breakfast that morning to make sure I caught the ferry on time. Edward and I were definitely doing better financially but we could only afford the one car while we paying off our debt. Since he was going to have the kids I was metroing up to the city. "Do you have any tea," I asked. "Yes," she said starting to get up. "No that's fine, if you tell me were its is I can get myself," I told the receptionist. Having done it enough for years I hated making others do it. She looked at me gratefully but told me it wasn't in a common area. I nodded and took seat and grabbed my book from my purse. She came back in a few minutes with the tea and I just lost myself in my book until the others started to arrive. By this point most of my former colleagues had moved on. Jessica had a completely new staff from the time I worked with her. Angela's parents had been busy in the preceding pulling this together. She had gotten better and the lawsuit was helping her get closure from this. She was back in school to get a degree in law. She was interested helping employees who had been harassed like we had. It was the best therapy for her, she had written in her emails. We all caught up with each other chatting about the new things in our life. When Jessica walked in. It was almost comical. We all at one side of the room and she sat on the opposite end, looking away from us. Jessica knew we had all been called to testify against her, including Lauren who had quit shortly after Angela's suicide attempt. I thought back to late September when I got a call from her to see if my department was hiring. "I couldn't take it anymore Bella," Lauren said quietly, "After Angela got…sick, she called us all in to discuss about her defense. Then she kept making cracks about it. How Angela was always screwing up on something – why should suicide be any different." The last months look like they hit Jessica pretty hard. Her normally immaculately colored blond hair had a definite streak of brown tainting the roots. She looked like she hadn't slept in a long time and put on about 15 pounds since I saw her last. I knew through the grapevine that a lot was riding on this case for her professionally. The Webers were suing just enough to get make a ding on the malpractice insurance. They wanted enough make Jessica uninsurable. If she lost this there was good chance she would never be able to work as a research manager again. She would probably lose her grant if she lost. She had not been popular with the administration before this happened and her enemies were almost hoping that she would lose, almost. We shortly moved into the deposition room. By some twist of fate I had been called first after Angela gave her deposition. The lawyers explained to me that this was not an actual court proceeding but I should consider myself under oath. I nodded to repeated after the court officer, placing my hand on the Bible. Afterwards I stole a glance at Jessica who was glaring at me. I knew why the Webers had me on the list first. I had a filed a complaint after my termination for harassment. Jessica's administrative assistants were the revolving joke of the human resources department. My processor had lasted 6 months and was currently in California. The one before her lasted a year and was in Florida. There were more then enough witnesses to Jessica's abuse that Angela would never have to testify unless she wanted too. The Webers' bottom line was that they wanted Jessica fired and not able to take a supervisory role ever again. They could care less about the money. If the good people at MSK had realized that they could have avoided a lawsuit. After being sworn in, the Weber's attorney started questioning me. "Ms Cullen, how do you know the defendant?" "I was hired by her in September 2008 to work as her grants manager", I answered remember the August date I interviewed with her. AN: So this is a little different then my last story, not as cloak and dagger. I got influenced to write this story based off some of my friends' experiences during the recession. Next update will be on Friday or Monday. I'm going to try and keep up with the posting schedule I maintained with A Long Journey.