arguing. "Can I kiss you?" he asked, his lips already ghosting down her cheek to the corner of her mouth. Instead of answering, she just turned her head slightly, bringing her mouth to his, lips open and hungry for his taste. He groaned against her mouth and deepened the kiss. "What is happening to me?" he moaned, his lips traveling along her jaw and down her throat. Bella was asking the same question inside her head. There was an energy between them, a kind of primeval pulse that hummed and thrummed and urged them closer together. A magnetic force that would only be satisfied once there was no longer an iota of space between them. His hands cupped her butt and squeezed her closer, lifting her up on her toes. Bella wrapped her arms around his shoulders and raised her right knee, hitched her leg around his side so she could feel the force of his desire. She let out a shocked cry when he pulled both of her legs around his waist and pinned her against the tree. "Tell me to stop," Edward whispered, his hardened length grinding against her heat. "Don't. Don't you dare stop," Bella gritted out, rocking her hips forcefully against him, her ankles locked behind his lower back. Her hair was snagging on the bark of the tree, and the rough surface was digging painfully into her shoulder blades and spine, but the pain only intensified the pleasure, making it more immediate, more insistent. "You… I want you," Edward moaned against her throat. His fingers were digging into her thighs, the only thing anchoring her to her body. Bella was certain that if he hadn't been holding on so tight, her spirit would have shattered and disappeared into the cosmos. Bella sensed the fire awakening, washing up through her hips and belly. It stood up like a wave cresting over a reef, a mountain of water on the brink of surrendering to gravity. With her head back, eyes closed and heart wide open, she shivered in awe. The wave hovered there for a protracted heartbeat, a glassy edifice of barely restrained energy. Then it burst over her, swallowed her whole, dragged her under until she was breathing it in, drinking it down. She lay pinned beneath its weight as it found every part of her being and bathed it in the liquid fire. When she was filled to bursting, paralyzed by ecstasy, it exploded from her toes and fingertips, shooting white hot and iridescent along every inch of her skin. "Fuck," Edward hissed, his body vibrating with an intensity she had never felt before. Bella realized with a jolt that she needed to breathe, and inhaled sharply, her eyes still squeezed shut. "I…" Edward started, his face still pressed against her neck. "You…" Bella said, then halted, realizing that she didn't even know what to say. "We need to…" Edward tried again, obviously as tongue-tied and overwhelmed as she felt. And they both dissolved into laughter, relieved and exhilarated, and a little embarrassed. "I need a shower," Edward confessed, his cheeks bright pink as he carefully lowered her feet to the ground. He tried to smooth her hair, picking chunks of debris from the loose strands. "I already needed a shower," Bella said sheepishly. "No," he said, chuckling. "I need a shower or else hiking back to the car is going to be really uncomfortable." He adjusted himself self-consciously, and Bella's eyes were automatically drawn to the bulge in his jeans. "Well, there's a bathing pool up that way." She pointed off to the left. "Come with me?" Edward asked, his hand finding hers. "I just did," Bella teased, looking up at him from beneath lowered lashes. "Hmmm. So you did. Care for an encore?" "Yes, but if I don't get down this mountain before dark, my father is going to come looking for me. I don't think either of us wants to get caught skinny dipping by the Forks Chief of Police, even if we are miles outside of his jurisdiction." "You're right. Time is of the essence. Let's get naked ASAP," he commanded, shouldering his pack and pulling her along after him. Bella swatted his shoulder in mock outrage. "Who do you take me for?" "That's easy. You're my Aphrodite." "And you've got a silver tongue." "You can get to know my tongue better later," he said with a heated look over his shoulder. Bella felt his words ripple like an earthquake through her stomach. She didn't have a response. They reached the pool within minutes, but the frigid water put a stop to anything more amorous than a quick rinse. Bella was used to roughing it, so she fared better than Edward, who was splashing and jerking around in the waist-deep water, the skin across his chest and arms covered in goose pimples. Bella rubbed her skin dry with a chamois, and giggled as she watched Edward stumble back into his clothes, his teeth chattering madly. "Where did the sun go?" he griped. "I thought it was supposed to be warm today!" "Actually, it's after 3 o'clock. It's gonna get real cold in about two hours. We'd better hurry. I owe my dad a call as soon as I get back in cell range." "You still plan on walking all the way up to Forks? Now will you accept that ride?" Bella deliberated for two seconds before nodding. "Yes. I would like that." "Like it?" Edward stopped her, his hands resting on her waist. Bella met his gaze with a reassuring smile. "I would love it." Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)