he has a week left to live. He was given a date long before, of course, but now the date is much closer. Soon, he's going to be dead. Dead . At fifty. For crimes he didn't commit. It's times like this where he wants to confess. Where he wants to live out the rest of his days with Esme. But Edward is now an oncologist in Seattle, and he can't ruin that. He's been in prison for almost a decade anyway; it won't be possible for him to get a job. No one would hire him, and from he's heard Edward is a fantastic doctor, and he's adored by his growing list of patients. He can't take that from the world. Carlisle knows he's been asked what he wants for his last meal, but he can't remember what he said. He'll just have to wait and see. He knows that people are going to be there. That his friends and family are going to watch him die. He wonders who will be there. He knows Edward will be; he said so on his last visit. He's not sure about Esme or anyone else. However he will be happy with only Edward, his son, who has proved his gratefulness to Carlisle in ways he never expected. He's so proud of him, and he will happy as long as someone is there to watch him go. The officer talks to Carlisle as he eats his last meal. It's just lasagna, nothing special. He asks him how he feels. Carlisle only shrugs. "I'm fine," He mutters blandly. "I deserve to die." The officer looks surprised, but doesn't speak after that. His attempt seemed halfhearted anyway. When Carlisle lies down in the chair he will die in, he's surprised to find Edward, Esme, Rosalie, Emmett, and two colleagues from work there. They watch him through the glass with tearful faces, and it's only when the needle pierces his skin that panic sets in. This is it. He's going to die, and now he can't stop it. They won't take anything anyone says seriously now. They'll only take it as the half-thought mumblings of a desperate man. Carlisle tries to slow his breathing, tries to focus on Edward's face. He can't help but notice that Edward and Esme are sitting with everyone else in between them, and he wonders what everyone else thinks of that. When he catches Edward's eye his son smiles slightly, and picks up his white lab coat off his lap. He shows Carlisle the embroidery next to the lapel: Edward Cullen M.D. Carlisle grins proudly in response. It's all he can do. As he looks at his colleagues it occurs to him how everyone's view of him will have changed. It's not something he gave much thought to before. But now he realises that everything he has ever done will be under scrutiny. Every patient that has died on his table will be looked in to again. Every mistake he has ever made will be looked at in a new light. He wants to throw his head back and scream as he realises that he will only ever be remembered well by murderers; that he will never be remembered the way he wanted to by the people that matter because he had an affair. Because they think he murdered people. Esme will remember him for cheating. Emmett and Rosalie will remember him as the man who has never there. His colleagues will remember him as the doctor who killed instead of healed. But Edward will remember him as the man who saved him, who kept him out of prison and protected him, and that has to be enough. They begin to release the drugs into his system, and he begins to breathe heavily, whimpering in the pain of this death. There is no physical pain, no, but the emotional pain is almost too much to bear. He knew it would come to this, he always did, but in this moment he decides he doesn't want it. He can live with whatever guilt comes from confessing. He will have to. He's not ready. He's not ready to die. He doesn't want it! But instead he looks up again, staring straight at them. Some of them mouth goodbye, but Edward mouths a reverent thank you as tears mar his face as blood once did. It gives Carlisle the strength he needs, so as he feels the blackness begin to creep in, he reaches up as much as his bindings will allow and whispers "Help me." instead. There is a priest and a doctor present, and the priest grasps his hand and smiles sadly, trying to help him through this time. Carlisle throws his head back, but now he doesn't have the strength to scream. He wants to thrash and cry but all he can do is lie there as tears cool his cheeks and he chokes on his own regret. Using the last of his strength, Carlisle takes one last look at his family and friends, the last thing he will ever see - the last thing he ever wants to see, and then closes his eyes. He feels the sign of the cross being signed on his forehead, and it's done. He has made the ultimate sacrifice, and all for his son. *Hides behind sofa* So... How was it? I'd just like to say that I have no idea how the American (or English, for that matter) legal system works, so that's why I tried to include as little of that as possible. I hope you guys liked it! Please, please review! I don't normally ask, but this is 9000 words and I've been writing it for months. XD Thanks for reading! ALSO I haven't proof read this and I'm not happy with all of it so you might receive a revised version soon! Thanks again! P.S. OH MY GOD I'M SO PROUD OF MYSELF THIS IS ALMOST 10,000 WORDS! (9,923)