concentrate on talking when she was so close and naked, but it was important she understood what she meant to him. "Haven't you?" There was no way she hadn't thought about it. She felt something other than lust for him. Maybe she wasn't in love with him yet, but she was getting there. Her fingers swept through his hair. "Yeah, I have. I thought about how I can come out to you in month or so, and a few more times in between trips to Alaska and Ireland. And I thought maybe you'll figure out you can't be without me sometime in November so we can spend Christmas together, where you'd confess you're undying love for me and we get to live happily ever after." There was no stopping his need to kiss her right then, under the stars, the same ones reflecting in her eyes. Already halfway on her body, she curled her arm over his shoulders to pull him above her. She tasted of wine and a hint of s'mores they had earlier. He had been inside her in the last few hours, found satisfaction between her lovely but strong thighs, yet his desire always returned just as hot as ever. Campfire light danced over her hair, highlighting shades of red. Fuck, she was beautiful. "If you think it's going to take me nine months to fall for you," he whispered, his lips moving down her softly scented neck, earning a sweet, sweet moan. "You're crazy." She laughed softly, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck and head. "Damn, I love this spot." His teeth nipped the top curve of her breast, soothing it with brush of his lips. "You mean it?" He returned to her pretty mouth, her eyes wide open and questioning silently. "I'm already on threshold, Bella, and we still have five days together. Trust me when I say I'm falling in love with you." "Oh God, so am I," she moaned, his tongue teasing her nipple. "Do that again, please." He chuckled and did as she asked. "I'm falling for you, too." Her thighs tightened around his hips, making him groan. "We're really going to do this." Her laughter was sweet and distracting. She took advantage of distraction and pushed him onto his back. There was no stopping his groan and the way his hips thrust up against her. She sat back to tease his cock between her thighs, a soft moan on her lips. Temptation had another name, and it was Bella. He filled his hands with her breasts, teasing her nipples between his long fingers. She tossed her head from side to side, her hips rolling over him. Potent desire threatened to unravel him, send him careening to an edge he wanted to take with her. She called out his name when his hands grabbed a hold of her hips, quickening her slow movements until she fell forward, her nails marking his chest. Her lips fit over his, taking his tongue just as he thrust inside her. "Fuck," he hissed, holding her still for a moment. "You feel so good." She tested his endurance with a small dance of her hips and moaned when he slipped in deeper. "Ah hell, love. Never enough." He guided her body into a rhythm not too slow or fast, enough for it to build. His hands moved over her curves, already familiar to him but would never grow tired of. Her thighs started to tighten against his hips, a telltale sign she was close. "Let go, Bella, let me see it." She moaned deeply, pulling away from his chest until her hands gripped the tops of his thighs behind her. The view was stunning; a word he didn't use often. Long, dark hair teased his skin, her short nails adding a pinch of pain he loved. His hands skimmed over her heated skin, kissed by sun for the last few days. His fingers traced her hips and teased between her thighs. The look on her face drove him crazy, her soft lips parting for every breath, where his name often escaped, her eyes half-closed watching him. Edward felt her tighten around his cock, his gaze falling lower, cursing as he disappeared deep inside her. Her hips continued to roll, faster, harder, and as her gasps picked up in pitch and speed, he watched her fall apart. One of her hands tugged on her hair, the other gripping his wrist on her hip tightly. She swore and whispered his name, exhausted as she rested for two seconds on his chest. He captured her lips with his, holding her hips still, his own thrusting up into her, over and over until he realized she was coming again. His mouth touching hers, he called out her name as he released deep inside her. He wrapped his arms around her, the wind picking up suddenly, forcing him to cover their sweat slicked bodies with a sleeping bag. It was a few minutes later when he finally found the ability to speak again. "How's that for a happy ending?" She tried to smack his arm, but he grabbed her hand in time, bringing it to his lips to kiss. "If you're going to want another one, you're going to have to give me a few more minutes." They dived more deeply under the covers, laughing and smiling, as they discussed a future together. If someone saw a picture of them in that moment, they would say Bella and Edward were a couple deeply in love, who obviously adored one another. And they wouldn't be wrong. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)