sake and was taken by the image of the man wearing his jean jacket paired with ripped jean combination. Oddly, he could somewhat pull it off. I will admit that I was no fashionista and had an unnatural fondness for oversized, woolen cardigans, but his look was a flashback that rivaled his sister's. I wondered if this was because of chemicals in the water supply. I think I need to stop drinking from the tap. "What ya doin'?" I slowly approached him slowly, because I was new in town and he had a mullet. There were serial killer possibilities in this interaction. I grabbed my keys out of my pocket and held them like the instructor told me to from that defensive fight class I took in high school. I was certain I could at least jab him in the eye or at least the forehead so I could make a run for it. "I didn't introduce myself," he explained with a small smile. "It's Edward Cullen." "Your sister gave me heads up." She did that after pointing out that she believed he was the lice carrier that infected her. My scalp was still itchy at the thought. "Right. I guess she would have done that." He started scratching the back of his head. I bet lice would love to live in all that extra hair. "I wanted to try something." The attractive, badly dressed man was going to murder me. I took two steps back and he took two steps forward. "I need to get home." "You need to be properly kissed. I can't stop thinking about it." He took my face in his hands and pressed his mouth to mine. I was going to knee him in the groin. I really, truly was. That was the plan, but instead he tasted like peppermint and it was enough to make me attack his mouth with my own. I could blame the divorce, but truthfully I was horny and he kissed like a champ. I felt his hands go to my hips, fingers dipping in my jeans to touch my bare skin. He lifted me up onto the hood of my truck and let his travel up and down my body as his lips started to suck on the base of my neck. I felt wanton, out of control, and like the objectified female in a heavy metal music video. Edward Cullen certainly fit the part of the male lead. I didn't know how many minutes actually were making out, but it felt like hours. His rough palm grasped my breasts, while the other hand fumbled with my jeans. I froze. We were going to have sex on a car, outdoors, and in a mall parking lot. I was not that girl. I made love in a bed with classical music playing softly in the background, and it was almost always missionary position. James was dependable that way. Changing things up was not for a girl like me. Pushing on his chest, I sat up heaving. "I don't do things like this!" "You really should, baby, because you're excellent at it." His eyes were bright and staring at my mouth. "Give me some more." His lips went back towards mine and I stopped them with my palm. He licked it. I pulled my hand away. "Listen, I don't have sex on the hood of a car in public with a person I don't know!" "I'm Edward and you're Bella. We know each other now. I wasn't planning on sex with you tonight," he stated brushing a stray hair from my face. "We can plan on trying this in the future. You could be quite the rebel." "There's no future rebelling with you, mister!" I pushed him away and hopped off the truck. "I will be leaving now." "I'll see you later, baby." He gave another wink and headed towards a black Mustang. I stared as he peeled away in his loud muscle car, as the music blared. What the hell did I just do? XXXXXX My earlier question was answered clearly as I stared in the mirror at the hickey that colored my neck. I was like a teenager that was marked by an overeager boy after the high school homecoming dance. Before my shower, I hadn't noticed the mark. I was too intent on washing that man right out of my hair like the heroine in South Pacific . Now standing in front of the mirror with my hair dripping down my back, my lapse in judgement was taunting me as an ugly bruise that I would have to hide wearing scarves and turtlenecks. Tightening my towel around my chest I walked towards the my old bed. It still had the purple, floral bedspread that my father purchased for my random visits to his home during the summer. The Pearl Jam and Nirvana posters still hung on the walls with scotch tape. It was as if I never grew up. All of a sudden a noticed a light turn in the house next door. My bedroom window faced what used to be old Mrs. Cope's sewing room. She had passed away a few years ago and my dad never told me that the house had a new family that moved in. I went over to close my curtains, when I saw a wet Edward staring at me. He had lost the denim jacket and tee-shirt and was wearing only a ratty, blue towel around his waist. He held up finger to make we wait and moved to hastily write something. He held up a drawn heart on a piece of newspaper and cheekily blew a kiss. My eyes widened and as I lifted my arms to close the drapes, my towel dropped to the floor. Edward's eyes darkened and I let out a scream, falling to the floor. Hell had another name and it was Forks, Washington and I was now certain that the devil was one Edward Cullen.