closer to me, until there were only a couple of inches between us. A cool hand came up to brush away the tears, and I found myself leaning into his cool touch. How could so much change in a few seconds. "Please don't be afraid of me, Isabella," he said, as if he was talking to an old friend. I should have been terrified off him, yet I felt no fear what so ever. I blinked at him. "I'm not," I answered, wondering why or how I could have ever been afraid of him in the first place. Despite the continuous rain, we stood there in silence as the realization of the situation seeped through my mind, like a meteor shooting across the sky – it was so bright and beautiful that it needed no words to describe it. After a couple of minutes I broke the silence. "How do you know my name?" "I've been watching you for a while," he said, in a velvet soft voice that was almost as beautiful as his face. That should have creeped me out, yet I found it sweet that he would find me intresting enough to watch me. Was that wrong? Was that weird that I liked it? I should have found it wrong. "You have?" I whispeared. He nodded. "You are so beautiful...I knew you were mine the moment I saw you...but I had to wait for you to come to me...to choice me...I have no intentions of having a mate that does not wish to have me in return." I blushed at his compliment. No one had ever called me beautiful before, and it caused me to doubt whether or not he could see properly, for I had skin that was too pale, eyes that were a dull brown and brown hair would never lay right due to the wave in it. I had thought that when a male bonded to a female that the bond would be equal for both sides. In the back of my mind my dad's words echoed, "I tried loving your mother, but not everything in this world is equal." I finally understood why he had left my mom. Mate? I thought, while a smile tugged at my lips. There was no other way to explain why my mind and body was reacting the way it was, without it being the obvious. I had found my mate, and looking into his eyes had created the bond that would last forever. "You know what I am?" I asked, feeling relived at the thought of having someone know what I was without having to worry that they would think I was insane or a freak. The corner of his beautiful mouth twitched, as if he was fighting a smile. "Yes, beautiful I know." My face became warmer from the compliment. He cocked his head to the side, as he added, "You are a lot calmer then I thought you would be...all alone...in the dark with a monster...any normal person would have ran." I shrugged. "I'm not normal...I thought you said you knew that?" Besides, I knew he would not hurt me. Strange how I had known him for mere moments and yet I trusted him with my life. He shook his head, then narrowed his eyes slightly. "Are all hybrides as reckless as you? I leave you alone for half an hour and you wonder into the woods and get yourself lost. What were you thinking? You could have gotten hurt!" The trace of anger in his voice made me blink. He was angry at me! I opened my mouth a couple of times but no sound came out. What was I suppose to say? What if I said something that made him more angry? In the back of my mind I knew that a couple of years ago I would have been annoyed that someone was repremanding me like a child, but it had been so long since any one actually cared about me enough to worry. I was not sure how to answer his first question, so I skipped to the second one. "I...I'm sorry...I just...went for a walk and I got lost...were you watching me?" He lifted a hand again and brushed my cheek with his cool fingertips, causing me to shiver in the already cold air. "Yes...I went mad with worry when I couldn't find you...do you have no concern for your own safty?" "I'm sorry." I tasted the saltiness of the rain as I bit my lip. Lifting my hand, I placed it on his chest where his heartbeat should have been, but instead where silence would forever dwelled. Looking into his gold eyes, I saw all the emotions that were running rampage inside me reflected back at me. Taking a deep breath I said, "What's your name?" He gave me a one-sided smile, which caused my knees to go weak. "Edward Cullen. It's nice to officially meet you, Isabella." Edward? It was very old fashioned, but it suited him somehow. "Bella, I prefer Bella." He leaned down and kissed me, with a gentleness – that most girls dreamed that their first kiss would be – that made me want to cry. His kiss tasted as sweet as his scent, which surrounded me like a blanket. What neither of us were expecting was my response. Blood boiled under my skin, burned in my lips. My breath came in a wild gasp. My hands reached up and wound their way into his soft wet hair and pulled him closer to me as if I needed to prove to myself that he was real, and was not going to dissapear once I opened my eyes. "Where have you been?" I whispeared against his lips, as his sweet breath washed over my face and I breathed it in as if it were my favourite perfume. "Waiting for you," he whispeared back. Thank you so much for reading. Please review. Tell me what you think.