with Edward running after her. "Miss Swan!" The poor kindergarten teacher raised a middle finger in the air. "Back off, Mr. Cullen!" XXXXXX Bella hid backstage in a small dressing room and listened to the rest of the pageant listening to the singing and poetry reading from the rest of the grades which went smoothly. The loud applause signaled the end of the show and she buried her head in her hands. It was certain in her mind that she was going to be fired. "Bella, Emmett isn't going to fire you." Edward stood leaning against the doorway. "He thinks the whole thing is hilarious." "You're a mind reader now?" She glared at him. "What am I thinking now?" "I wish I could say that you think I'm the most dashing man in the world, but I'm guessing that you want to kill me." He shut the door, coming over to sit next to her on the couch. She sighed and looked up at the ceiling. "Bingo. Why did you listen to Jane? I heard her laughing, so I was certain she played a part in this mess." "I thought she was wrong at first, but she's smart so—" "Mr. Cullen, she's diabolical." Bella looked at his pretty and clueless eyes. Edward frowned in thought. "Huh." "She came up with an evil plan to embarrass you!" Bella shook her head at the handsome, empty headed man. "Oh." He took her hand. His expression was melancholy. "I'm sorry, Bella. I was trying to impress you and only made you sad." "It's okay," she said quietly. All of a sudden, Bella felt the need to open up. She had bottled up, so many emotions of lately. She rambled, "I need my job, Mr. Cullen. I take care of my dad. He's in a wheelchair and I didn't have enough money to purchase a turkey, because of the medical bills. I have to feed him a frozen dinner. What kind of a daughter am I?" Her eyes filled with tears. Edward held her as she cried. "What can I do to help?" Bella looked up as he wiped the tears away so sweetly and she was filled with a need for him. She grabbed the back of his head and kissed him hard. He pulled away slightly. "Bella, what are you—" "Ravage me, Pirate John Smith!" "Bella, this isn't how I imagined—" His eyes grew large, as she pulled off her dress. He was falling in love with this crazy girl. It was fast, but when had he done anything in a normal fashion. "Will you respect me afterwards?" He asked nervously. She was about to lose her nerve, so she snapped, "Off with your breeches!" "Yes, ma'am!" The rest of their clothing went flying around the small room. Edward's shirt hit the wall. They fumbled on the couch with hasty kisses and frantic touches. Edward accidentally pulled Bella's hair making her groan and demand, "More!" She bit his ear. He squeezed her butt. It was a flurry of awkward motions on the tiny couch that both were enjoying. "Edward, pillage me now!" "Umm—" he said. He didn't bring any sort of protection, because who would have ever thought he would be having sex backstage at an elementary school. "I'm on the pill," she explained. Bella gave him a kiss and straddled him. The quick moves made them both tumble off the couch. Edward found the landing a tad painful, but Bella kept moving on him. He felt himself ignoring the pain and enjoying Bella. He was so very close and screamed, "Bella!" Bella found her release shortly after and cried, "Mr. Cullen!" She collapsed in his arms and relished in his sweaty embrace for a moment. Then she hurriedly stood and got dressed feeling ashamed at her inappropriate behavior. "Bella—" "I'm so sorry, Mr. Cullen!" She looked at him with a sad smile. "Have a lovely Thanksgiving." Edward watched as she ran out of the room. He made a decision at that moment and stood up to start his plan. XXXXXX It was early Thanksgiving morning, when the doorbell to Bella's house rang. She had just gotten her father settled in to watch the parade. He was a big fan of the marching bands. Charlie's shaking hands would tap to the beat. The medicine for his Parkinson's was working today. The tremors were less than they had been yesterday. She hurried to the door and opened it to find a chipper Edward carrying a pot of rust colored mums. He said with a grin, "Happy Thanksgiving, Bella! You look fetching in your pajamas." They were covered in cartoon kittens. "What are you doing here, Mr. Cullen?" She looked at him nervously. Bella didn't want to like him, but she did. Her heart was beating like a tom-tom drum. "It's Edward, Bella." He walked in and deposited a kiss on her cheek. "I'm here for our first date!" "My father?" Edward looked in to see Charles Swan sitting in his wheelchair watching the television. "Good morning, Chief Swan. Would you like to come to my family's house for Thanksgiving?" "Are you feeding me frozen dinners, boy?" Charlie asked. "No, sir." Edward sat on the old plaid couch near Bella's father. "My mother is an excellent cook and excited to have you come over." Bella came in slowly and whispered, "Edward, it's too late to get a van to bring my dad." "Emmett and I talked to our father. He's a doctor at the hospital and made some calls. I have a van outside." He gave her a wink. "Thank you." She had grossly underestimated this kind man. Bella was falling hard for Edward. He beamed at her. "Get ready to be wooed, Bella Swan." "About time, Bella got a boyfriend," Charlie quipped. "I thought she was one of those lesbians." Bella ignored her father and leaned over to give Edward a sweet kiss. It was going to be a wonderful Thanksgiving after all.