along with cheer camp I've kept up my cardio and strength workouts during the summer and I'm feeling strong and flexible and sure of myself. Years of dance and gymnastics have given me a solid foundation of skills and I love this chance to put them all together and push myself. It sometimes seems funny to me that everyone else has spent my whole life focussed on the way I look , and yet I am so enamoured with the things my body can do. I love cheering for that reason- looking the way I do is a bonus, but it's my skills that are going to get me on to the squad. After the group routine, Peyton has those of us still in the competition go and sit in the stands while we wait for a chance to do an individual routine. I'm only a tiny bit surprised when Royce climbs down the bleachers and drops into the seat beside me. "You looked good out there." "Thanks." I roll my shoulders, keeping my muscles loose. "I hope I'll make it this year." "You will." Royce smiles at me, and I automatically smile back. He is so good looking! I've thought he was gorgeous since I first saw him when I was a freshman, but his reputation for being a player has put me off a bit. But now that he's paying attention to me…I have a momentary fantasy of what it could be like if I make the cheer squad and he's going to be quarterback this year and we can ride to the away games on the bus together and go to the parties and everyone will be so jealous… "Hey, Peyton's calling you," Royce nudges my shoulder. "Good luck." "Oh, thanks!" I jump to my feet and with a swish of my ponytail go bounding down the steps towards Peyton and the other cheerleaders, sitting together behind a folding table with their clipboards. "Okay Hale, show us your stuff," she says, gesturing with her pen to the vast and empty gym floor. I'm not nervous. I've been cheering since I was twelve and I know I'm good at it. Vera and I worked on these individual routines during summer vacation, choreographing to show each of us to our best advantage, and I like what we've done. I finish with some tumbling and there's a small spattering of applause, not all of it from my friends, so I know I've done okay. "Okay Hamilton, your turn!" Peyton shouts, and Vera jumps up and hurries down towards the front to take my place on the floor. I high five her as we pass, and then take my seat again beside Royce, only a little hesitantly. Royce is watching me with his dark eyes, smiling slightly. He wears expensive cologne and I can still smell a hint of the scent, even now at the end of the day. I've always been obsessed with the way guys smell, and I try not to be too obvious as I inhale. "I think you were really good out there," he tells me. "You were JV last year, right?" I nod. Royce doesn't hide the fact that he's looking, and suddenly my sports bra and short shorts feel awfully skimpy. I'm embarrassingly aware of the number 69 scribbled all over and I fold my arms across my belly, although I can't do anything about the numbers on my arms. I think Royce realises what I'm doing, because he chuckles a bit before he says, "Well, I think you'll get on the squad this year. Your tryout was awesome, and Peyton seems to like you. She did in the hot tub at her party, anyway." Now my cheeks are burning, and I'm sure I'm blushing. Peyton had been completely off her face at her end of summer party (I hadn't been too much better, to be honest) and she was the kind of girl who liked to put on a show for the guys. A little bit of flirting and teasing girl on girl action and she had most of the guys she wanted panting for her, and at her last party I'd been the one in the hot tub with her. "She's just playing games," I say, trying to sound nonchalant. "You would know how she is." I'm a year younger than they are and was only on the periphery of their crowd as a JV cheerleader last year, but I know that Peyton and Royce have been friends for years. I'm pretty sure they've fooled around together a bit too, but there's nothing serious there. Royce grins. "Yeah, I know Peyton. Hey, do you want a ride home after this?" His hand brushes across my thigh. Damn it. I should have let Jasper take the car. "Oh no, that's okay. I've got the car today." "Oh right, you drive that rust bucket," Royce teases. "That thing's a beast…you can hear you coming from the other side of the school." "Hey!" I say with mock indignation. "Don't slam my Camaro- she's a classic! Maybe she needs a little work, but she's still the best car in the lot." I give him a playful shove and he laughs and grabs my hands, enfolding them in his. His hands seem so big in comparison to mine! He keeps my fingers wrapped in his for just a moment too long before he releases me, holding his hands up with a grin. "Okay, I won't go slamming your car! But I'll take you out for a ride in mine one day and then you'll see what a really sweet ride is." "You'll never convince me," I pout. "Muscle cars all the way." But I'm looking up at him from under lowered lashes and his dark eyes are bright with amusement and fastened on my face. This is all going just the way I want it to…and I can't wait to see where it's going to go after this.