summer. Seth had been craving for Julia to return in the past two years. He always fell back into his "broken soul" mode, meaning that he was quiet and depressed, couldn't sleep through a single night without a bunch of nightmares and he never laughed either. "Okay, Leah, this is a photo album of wedding cakes I've already made and here are some pictures of wedding cakes that I've seen and would like to try. These are just examples though. You can choose the type of cake from one of the pictures, the decoration from a second and the structure of a third. Of course you can also come up with your own ideas. And here's a brochure with different cake toppers, mainly brides and grooms, but also hearts, roses, rings and a few others. You can take all of these home and let Basti have a look, too. Unless you want to make the decision on your own." "He said he was okay with anything as long as there's at least one other color apart from white. However, I'll ask him for a more detailed opinion. I already picked the flowers on my own – well, not all alone, Emily and Kim helped me with that. A lot ," I laughed. Emily chuckled. "Do you have any questions on the cakes? Because otherwise I'll head home and do some paperwork," Silke said. "Uh, yes, actually I have one question. Which price range do we have to expect?" "None. The cake will be our wedding gift." I gawked. "What? N-no," I stammered, "I can't accept that. That's too much!" "It's okay, Leah. A big part of the usual price for a wedding cake is for the working hours rather than the material. And I love my work so the working hours aren't really work for me. Plus, Julia's going to help me. It's really not that big of a deal." I sighed unsatisfied. "I'll discuss with Basti if we can really accept that." "Whatever, I'll refuse to take money from you for the cake. Since we've established that, I'll head home. Can I expect you for breakfast tomorrow, Julchen?" "No, Mom. We're staying in La Push until Sunday, remember?" Julia said a bit annoyed. "Oh, right, I forgot. Tell Basti I said Hi, Leah, okay? Bye, everyone!" She left in a rush. "Alright," Julia started, "Susan is going to close the shop later, so I'm free to leave. Shall we go?" All five of us got into my old Buick Verano and I drove us to La Push. During the ride Seth asked, "Have there been any vampires around recently?" Seth had retired along with Embry. "No, none," I replied, "It's been a year, can you believe it? As if every vampire in the U.S. has heard of us by now and is scared to come across us. We've reduced the patrols to a minimum. It's just one wolf at once, so everybody has to patrol only three hours per day." "I hope they stay away for several more years," Emily sighed. Her son Adrian was fourteen and she didn't want him to become a shape-shifter and carry the burden entailed by being a protector. "You know the pack wants him to phase, don't you? He's the rightful Alpha." "No, he's not! Jacob's kids should have been the next Alphas. Just because Sam was one when Jacob didn't want to be one, doesn't mean the heritage went over to the Uley family. If anyone is rightful next Alpha, it's Noah." We had had that discussion several times before. Noah was Paul's and Rachel's son and just a year younger than Adrian. Rachel lived in Hawaii with her kids, but she came to La Push every Christmas. Although Noah, being the great-great-grandson of Ephraim Black, nephew of Jake and inheriting the gene from both his parents, seemed to have the best background an Alpha could have, every current and former pack member had agreed that Adrian seemed to have the better Alpha disposition. Noah had inherited the infamous Lahote hot temper. In his school in Hawaii, he was a loner, while Adrian was the most popular guy of his age and leader of his clique at the tribal school. Noah and his younger sister Lily didn't get along well while Adrian was very protective and caring of his younger sister Emma. Emily believed that Noah would change once he first phased and that he would be the bigger wolf and therefore the rightful Alpha. We had given up trying to convince her of the obvious. Maybe the vampires would stay away and Adrian wouldn't phase. None of us believed that Hawaii attracted that many vampires and when Jake had visited his sisters he had never smelled even a faint vampire trace, so Noah would most likely not phase, which made the whole discussion somewhat pointless. Anyway, who was I to judge Emily? My greatest fear was that my daughters would phase. Of course Jayden could phase, but I didn't worry about him, he was a boy after all. However, the girls… I really didn't want this for them. Boys' minds are just disgusting and annoying and the nudity that comes with phasing is not easy to get used to. Besides, there's a reason why fighting is a man's business in most human cultures. June might be tough enough to be a wolf, but sweet innocent Janelle wouldn't be able to handle it. This story is starting out a little slower than my other stories. In the next chapter the actual events of this story will start to take their course. Please give it a try. I'm going to update this story about twice a week. Most of it is already written, but I still need my beta to look over it. Next update is going to be on Saturday, maybe Friday. I love reviews, no matter if they're signed or anonymous. So please review and let me know what you think!