He squeezes and I moan, shoving my hands into his hair to pull him closer and to give him some indication as to how good he kisses... how good he feels. His growl pulls me back into the present. I realize that my mission is complete, and I should hop off of this stranger, but I don't want to. He makes me feel so good. His kiss chases away the darkness, filling me with a heat of passion and so much more. It's indescribable, and it's scary. I pull away from him, opening my eyes to get a better look. His eyes are slowly blinking open just as there is a tap on my shoulder. "You don't have to rub it in. We got it," James says from behind me. The stranger looks up at James and frowns, his eyes then meet mine and they widen. "It's you," he says. His words cause a memory from earlier in the day to rush back to me. "The Bennie and the Jets girl." "You two know each other?" Victoria asks, moving around James to stand beside us. I hop off of the stranger's lap and fold my arms across my chest, uttering the word "no" as he says "yes." I do remember him, but I don't want to have to redo this challenge with a hundred more people. I'm exhausted. "I sang to you this morning," he says as he stands and walks toward me. "This doesn't count, Bella," Victoria says, and Edward turns to her, his brows drawn together. "Bella," he says, turning his attention back to me. He smiles that same smile from this morning, and my heart thunders in my chest. "That's your name?" I nod and his smile brightens. "Are you two done having goo-goo eyes for each other? Can Bella get back to her job?" Victoria rolls her eyes and stomps away, pulling James by the arm. I follow, turning my attention from the handsome stranger. "Job?" he follows behind us causing Victoria to look back and huff. "Your job is to kiss random boys on the beach?" "No, this isn't a job. It's a social experiment, and you're messing it up for me," I mumble, shooting him side glances. He stops walking and reaches for my arm, halting my steps. "Can I have your number?" With obvious displeasure, I back away from his advance out of fear. "I don't do that. Well, I try not to anyway." He grins and takes out his phone. "Take a chance on me." "I can't. I got-ta go." I wave as I back away, but he reaches for me again. "Come on, I sang for you. I don't do that for just anyone." His smile widens causing a smile of my own to spread across my face. Looking away, trying to hide the fact that his smile affects me, I reply in a low voice, "I doubt that. Boys with your face probably do that all the time." He reaches out and taps my hand with his phone. I look up in time to see him licking his lips. "You're wrong about me." "It's a possibility, but better safe than sorry, right?" I ask with outstretched arms as I take another steady step away from him. He comes forward matching my step. "You don't seem like the same carefree girl I sang with earlier. She would give me her number." "Bella!" Victoria calls loudly in a very rude and demanding way. With the roll of my eyes, I turn to face her. "One second." I turn back to the boy who is quite determined to have my number. "Look, I'll give it to you if you promise to go away." "Deal," he replies, looking at me expectantly with his phone in his hands. I rattle off my number one by one and watch as he grins from ear to ear in victory. Then all of a sudden, his eyebrows rise practically into his hairline and shock registers on his face. "No fucking way! Princess?" he asks, looking up at me, his mouth open and eyes wide in shock. "What?" "Check your phone, Princess. This is going to blow your mind." I do as he says, taking my phone out to look at it. I have a new text message. The words displayed across my screen from an unsaved number cause my heart to thaw, and I allow myself to take a risk. I allow just a bit of light to creep into my dark soul. This boy is full of light. It shines brightly through him and threatens to break down all of my defenses. Light will overshadow darkness, and I have been conditioned to protect myself from that. However, now that I have basically received a sign from the gods, I know for sure that following the lit path can be an okay thing to do. The light can be just as fun, right? Just as freeing? Truth is... I prayed for light, and I see now that it came in the form of a Prince. So, as I stare down at the text, I know now that vulnerability and discomfort are okay and baring my flaws is an okay thing to do. Last night, I showed my weird side to a complete stranger, and I did the same again today during the car ride to the beach. The gods saw fit that my darkness is flushed away, misery and loneliness all bathed in light. Light floods my insides with just one text. 12:30pm I told you we would meet again another time. Please remember to leave the author some love! If you believe you know the author's identity, please refrain from mentioning this in your review, as it will lead to disqualification. Discussing or pimping individual entries will also have the same effect, so please, don't do it. Don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Links are on our profile page. Thank you for reading! ;)