hear about or from you for an entire nine months. Not until you were rushed into Forks hospital by your husband, who was demanding that my father deliver your babies. As you know, Carlisle happily complied, knowing that as they were wolf babies a normal doctor may find something abnormal that just couldn't be explained; potentially exposing us all. I was happy for you, and so was Rosalie. Even if she still hated you, she was happy you were living out the life she never got. You know, even if I hadn't thought of Jacob inviting me to your wedding as rubbing it in a bit, it definitely felt like gloating on your part when you asked me to be godfather to your son and daughter. And when you asked Alice to be godmother! That was a cause of amusement for weeks in our household. Surely the fact that she hadn't attended your wedding was indication enough of her feelings towards you? She rejected your offer, and, as we all know, I sucked it up and accepted. Then, we found it the babies names. EJ and Reneerah. Reneerah was pretty obvious, a cross between Renee and Sarah, yours and Jacob's mothers. But EJ... That couldn't mean what I thought, right? I was right, to my dismay. You had named your son Edward Jacob Charlie Black. Oh. Dear. Lord. Why? It was at that point that I really wanted you to stop. It seemed that all you were doing was twisted the knife in deeper, cutting, breaking, shattering my heart into the tiniest pieces. But again, I buried my feelings (much to my families' worry), and continued to act as though nothing was wrong, that what you were doing didn't hurt me at all. I kept visiting. I kept talking to you. I kept trying to make friends with Jacob. I even babysat for you on date night. Of course, after a while my family had to leave Forks, but we didn't move far. My visits never faltered. Your son's first word was 'Eddie'. I was there for your daughter's first steps. By three, they would come running outside squealing "Uncle Edward! Uncle Edward!" when I drove up. When he was fourteen, I bailed EJ out of jail for reasons I promised I would never tell you. When she was fifteen, I held Reneerah as she cried over her first heartbreak. I was always there, and between you and me, I never wanted to be. Jacob knew this. That's why he kept inviting me over. Now, your children are sixteen , and they're crying for you. Everyone is crying for you. But no one is crying harder than me. At your funeral, your coffin was closed. When I walked up, Carlisle asked Charlie if he could open it, and he did, just for us. I will never forget the way your face was mutilated. The way your mouth curved down and your eye strained to the side. I will never forget the way his claw marks disappeared under the dress you wore, cutting through the skin of your chest. The cause of your death. At first I flinched, not wanting to look anymore. But then I placed the rose I had been holding next to you and gently brushed you scarred cheek with my fingers. "She's still beautiful," I murmured, and I heard our parents' deep sighs of mourning. Jasper and Emmett placed their hands on my shoulders, guiding me to my seat. Just like with your wedding, I didn't listen in your funeral. However, when your so called husband went up to speak, I began to tremble in anger. He had killed you, and yet he had the audacity to show his face (even though it was only the supernatural in attendance that knew he had murdered you, and not a bear, as the humans had been told). Several rows away, your children began to tremble too, and as I delved into their minds I saw why. He had done it in front of them. You had been arguing with him, telling him he should stop inviting me round and tricking me into thinking you wanted me there just to torture me. Or at least, not invite me round as much . It seemed, that even though I had tried to become friends with him, he still loathed me, and his children begging you to not keep me away was the last straw. He snapped. He phased. He attacked. You died. The worst part is, even though he murdered you; even though he killed you in the actual sense of the word, I know you would forgive him. I know you would. "He didn't mean it" You'd say, and I can practically hear your voice in my ear. "Don't blame him" . After the funeral, I took your children home with me, and they went gladly. They are angry at their father because you can't be. Because you wouldn't be. That was only a month ago. So here I am, sitting alone with your two children downstairs, and your husband trying to knock down the front door, shouting about how we have kidnapped his precious kids. Even to this day, almost seventeen years later, I still can't believe you left me for the two enemies of a vampire: A dog. And death. Why the Hell did you leave me?! I could have given you so much more than him. I know that now. I see it. Even though you wouldn't know the magic that are your children, if you had chosen me you would still be breathing, some way or another. I hate the fact you left me. Sometimes I hate you, but I love you at the same time. I won't be seeing you soon; I will not leave your children so quickly after their mother's death. But know that I love you, and that I always will. From, your love... No. I'm not 'your love' anymore. Am I?