until I saw the pharmacist standing behind the counter sorting some medication. I shivered, I hate taking pills… "Hi, excuse me. I'm here to pick up a prescription." The man looked up at me and both our eyes widened. Speak of the devil. "Alistair? What…what are you doing here?" I was barely able to rasp out even the slightest whisper. "Be-Bella? Is that you? Oh my god I never thought I was gonna see you of all people back in Forks. How are you baby? It's been so long, what are you doing here?" his grey eyes were full of shock as he leaned up against the counter for support. "Um, I'm moving to Seattle. I wanted to be closer to Charlie, Chase needs his grandpa and Uncle in his life. Well, both Uncles I guess since Johnny decided to bring himself along." I huffed with a slight eye roll, he watched my every movement as if I were going to disappear at any second. "Johnny, that's the friend who helped you in Chicago right?" "Yeah that's him. So look at you, a pharmacist huh? What happened to becoming a doctor hot shot?" I asked with a smile, he returned it full force…same Alistair I know and love. "Yeah well I had to take a year off from school after that car accident I was in and so I kind of fell behind. I'm taking classes at Seattle to finish up my degree, this just pays the bills for now." "I know how that goes." I said with a rueful smile. Boy did I ever. "Yeah having Chase must've been a dozy. So, what can I get for you milady?" he asked in a grand gesture, making me laugh just like old times. I wasn't about to correct him, not just yet anyway. "I need to pick up Johnny's prescription. It should be under Damron." "Alright, so are you two together or?" he let the question filter off as he grabbed Johnny's meds. I rolled my eyes, why do people always ask that? "No Johnny and I are not together, he is like a brother to me. Just like you and Miracle. He was there for me when I didn't have anybody in a big city. He helped me through my pregnancy and a pretty rough time." I whispered the last bit as I averted my eyes. I can't tell him here, and I definitely can't tell him without Mir. "Okay, okay. I'll take a hint, so do I get to call you now that you are back for good?" he asked with a playful smirk as he rang me up. Johnny owes me for this. "Yes, my number is still the same and if it is okay with you I'd like to get you and Mir together one day soon and talk. There is some stuff I wanted to tell you guys and I really didn't wanna do it over the phone." Why are you acting so skittish? It's not like you are telling him right now. He looked at me closely, he knew me better than anyone…maybe even Johnny, and he knew when something was on my mind. But he would never push me to tell him until I was ready, that's one of the best things about Alistair…so easy to get alone with. "Yeah, I'll call him when I get off work and then I will call you to set up a day and time. Here you go, you look great by the way Bells." I blushed scarlet as I took the medicine and stuffed my card back into my wallet as the bell on the door rang to signal another customer. "Thanks Al, I'll see you later." "Yes you will, you aren't getting away from us again sweetheart." I giggled and waved while turning to leave. I stopped dead in my tracks before I could even take two steps…oh shit. "Isabella?" Green eyes met brown when I looked up into the devil's face itself. "Esme…hi." I felt as if I had just gotten punched in the gut, all the breath had left my lungs in a whopping whoosh. This was the exact thing I feared would happen, she was definitely the one Cullen I did not want to see so soon. "Wow, I never thought I would see you here ever again. How long are you staying?" she asked with a condescending look, as if she truly cared. "I'm just passing through Forks actually. I just moved to Seattle, we got in today actually." Why am I telling her this? She doesn't care, and I don't need to be indulging her. First thing she will do is go and tell her family she saw me. "Oh well I assume you will be in Forks seeing your father a lot yes?" "As much as I can, but I will be in Seattle for the better part of the month trying to get settled into the house." Tread lightly Bella this woman is quicksand and you know it. "Well I hope you get settled." She gave me a fake smile and stepped around me to get to the counter where I was sure Alistair had been paying extra close attention to the conversation. I took a deep breath and started to make my way from the pharmacy when she called my attention once more. I turned slowly to look at her, she had a sinister smile on her face of course…why does this not surprise me? "Yes?" "Expect a visit from Alice the next time you are in town." Shit. Without saying a word I turned on my heel and left, who the hell does that woman think she is?! Ugh! With a heavy heart I made my way back to Charlie's house, if she was going to tell Alice I was here….then she sure as hell would tell the rest of that family. Which means Edward will be knocking on my door soon. Great, just great Bella.