again." Garrett gave that snarky grin that I couldn't ever forget. "She will—as my girl." "No, thanks. I like being alone. Alone is cool." I started walking away to my home, my solace, when Garrett spun me around, planting a kiss on my mouth. It tasted like desperation and onions. I returned the favor by kneeing him in the groin, and he went down in a heap. "Jesus, Bella!" he groaned. "Go home to your wife, Garrett," I demanded. "This girl isn't interested." I stomped away, as flakes of fluffy snow started to fall around me. Bah, humbug! "Bella! Wait!" Edward ran to catch up. "I was only trying to help!" I twirled around in the snow. "No! You screwed up, Cullen. I chose you after you crammed Christmas down my throat. Finally, I wanted to be able to enjoy this whole commercialized holiday with you. Instead, you bring dipshit here, and now I'm stuck with the taste of fried onions in my mouth! I'm heading home, alone, to brush my teeth and watch my annual zombie movie marathon!" "Let me come with you!" "No, Edward! No!" I stumbled away, fueled by my anger. That anger led me to the local liquor store to get my fill of cheap white wine and a bag of food from Jim, at the Lucky Dragon Chinese restaurant. Two hours later, I was gorging on egg rolls and watching a zombie eating a man's skull. Merry fucking Christmas, Bella Swan. "Bella! Bella!" It was another Christmas Eve and more yelling at my window, this time without the rocks. If it was Garrett, I was dropping my television onto his head. "Bella!" "Damn it, this isn't A Streetcar Named Desire, " I muttered. I violently pulled open the window, my mouth opening in shock. It was Edward—completely decked out in white lights. I yelled at him, "What are you doing?" "Wooing you. Apologizing to you. Wanting you to love me the way I love you!" he called back at me. He was a very pretty—albeit very stupid—human Christmas tree. I knew he meant well in his cheesy way. "It's too soon for love, Edward. It's been less than a month." "I've loved you since I tugged your pigtails, girl. I tried so hard to get you notice me, but you wouldn't budge," he admitted. I had my own truths to admit. "I noticed all right. I just thought someone as good looking as you would never go for your little sister's friend." "You did love me!" His smile was as bright as his lights. I returned his smile. "In the way that young girls love, Cullen." "It's a start." "A pretty good one," I agreed. Mrs. Cope stuck out her grizzled gray-haired head from her window and admonished, "Take it inside! Some of us are trying to watch Family Feud !" "Get in here Edward, before you get lead poisoning from the lights." I waved at him to come in. "Lead poisoning?" Edward looked panicked. I just motioned at him again and, minutes later, an unlit Edward was inside my apartment. "Do you think it's soaking into my sk—" he began asking, before I silenced him with a kiss. Edward smiled as I started to unravel him. I pulled off his shirt along with the strands of lights. I kissed the bare skin of his chest. Edward whispered, "You forgive me." "I'm a generous soul, Cullen." I pulled my shirt off as well. Edward's fingers traced my skin. "More, Edward." "Your wish is my command, Bella." We stumbled to my bedroom as we kissed. The screaming of poor citizens being terrorized by the undead was our unlikely mood music. Fallen clothing left a trail on my floor. I fell backward onto the bed, as we continued kissing and caressing. Our fingers explored each other's bodies, making us both tremble. I looked deeply into his eyes and said, "Impale me with your candy cane, Santa Ed." "You're a strange girl, Bella Swan," he said. "I love that about you." He pushed into me and we moved together perfectly. It was intense and amazing, until I accidentally poked him in the eye trying to grip his hair. Orgasms made me slightly clumsy. Luckily, he was distracted by his own release. "Oh, Bella!" Oh, Bella indeed. I still had it! Christmas Day 2013 "Merry Christmas, Pretty Bella," Edward said, as he nuzzled my neck. My nude body was sprawled out on top of his. I lifted my head slowly, my blurry eyes trying to focus on the handsome man I was using as a body pillow. "You're breaking up with me?" I knew my usual Christmas luck. It was best to confirm things. "Never!" "Good," I said with a smile. I placed my head on his chest; I liked the sound of his heart next to my ear. "Love that." "Love you ." He kissed my head. "We need to be at my parents' house soon." "You should be at your parents' now," I stated. They were going to get a surprise when he walked in with me today. Edward let out a hearty laugh. "Poor Alice has to wait for her presents! My mom will be overjoyed with the present I'll be walking in with." "What did you get her?" "You." He chuckled again. "She's been dreaming of us getting together since we were toddlers." I sat up. "How did I miss that?" "Girl, you were oblivious to everything!" He pulled me back down to snuggle. "That's better. I can't wait for next Christmas." "Why? Can't we get through this one first?" I asked. He flipped me over and kissed me hard. "Next year you'll be my bride." I giggled. "Whatever, dude, why don't you ravage me for now." Edward Cullen aimed to please and performed spectacularly. December 24, 2014 "I take Isabella Swan—" Edward said, standing in his tux. I was the one wearing the white dress. I guess Christmas wasn't so bad after all. Fin.