It's why I really loved the fact that Elena and I shared a birthday – I could hide behind her and let her have all of the attention. "Okay," Tristelianna said. "I'll go get Alex up." "No need," Alexandra said as she appeared behind her sister. "I'm already up and ready to go." She walked over to the counter, grabbing a plate and filling it up with some of the food on the counter. "Just let me eat, and we'll go." "We still have to eat anyway," I said, motioning to mine and Harry's plates while taking a bite of food. "I'll go get everyone else up as you finish eating," Tristelianna said. "They should be awake and dressed by then." "Have fun getting Elena up," was my answer, before I took another bite of food. "Aura's harder to wake," she said as she left the room. "That is true," Harry said. "Yeah, remember that time she almost punched Hermione for waking her?" Alexandra asked. "That was nothing compared to how she was at Hogwarts," Azure said. "Believe me, I know well on how she was like." "That's cause you had to share a room with her, isn't it?" Hermione said. "That, and the fact that our roommates didn't seem to learn not to bug her in the mornings," Azure said. "Wait, is that why..." I started to ask. "Yes," Azure said. "And she still didn't learn?" I asked. "I know. You'd think she would've, at the very least," Azure said. I rolled my eyes. Just when you thought they couldn't get any dumber went through my mind. Harry, Alexandra, and I finished eating rather quickly, and had put the plates in the sink, heading to the hall just as everyone else came downstairs, looking sleepy and grumpy. I looked at my friends as I gave them each a hug one by one, saying my good-byes, trying not to cry. Pulling on my coat and taking the photo album that I'd forgotten in the kitchen from Tristelianna, I gave everyone one last smile before walking out of the house and hopping into the backseat of Alex's car with Harry and Azure. My eyes were firmly looking over my shoulder, stuck on the place that had been my home for most of my life, while I thought about the people inside, the ones that I considered to be a part of my family for the same amount of my life. I didn't turn my eyes away until I could no longer see the place. Then, and only then, did I look forward, and let a few tears slide down my face as I wondered when I'd see them again. It was an act that I repeated at the airport, when I separated from Alex, Harry, Hermione, and Azure. Boarding my plane, I wondered what would be awaiting me once I got to Washington. And I also wondered when I'd see my friends again. Okay, that's the end of this chapter. I hope that you liked it. As you can see, I've changed quite a bit, added more dialong, and made it a bit less jumpy as the original chapter was like. Of course, I still kept the character's names used, and let people know a bit of what's going on with certain characters without seeming to be out of place. What each character's mutant ability - as this does have hints of X-Men - and what house they were in while at Hogwarts will be mentioned as the story continues on. However, if you don't want to wait until it's revealed in the story, I'll be saying what their mutant ability and house is in the thread link for this story in my forums. For now, though, here's a list of those that have been told: 1. Tristelianna Haliwell - Mind Reader/Speaker (More on her ability will be revealed as well, but just think of Professor Xavier for an idea of all that she can do) 2. Isabella Petrova - Mental Shield (More about her abilities will be mentioned in other chapters) Playlist for this chapter (These are the songs that Bella is listening to at one point or another in the chapter, even if it doesn't say that): 1. Black Velvet - Alana Myles 2. The Blackest Lily - Corinne Bailey Ray 3. Still Doll - Kanon Wakeshima 4. Crucify My Heart - Lullacry 5. Highway to Hell - AC/DC 6. Crimson and Clover - Joan Jett 7. I Hate Myself For Loving You - Joan Jett 8. Crazy Train - Ozzy Osbourne 9. Kiss Me Deadly - Lita Ford 10. Austen - Blake Shelton 11. The More I Drink - Blake Shelton 12. Crazy Ex-Girlfriend - Miranda Lambert 13. Country Girl - Luke Bryan 14. Independence Day - Martina McBride 15. Thank God I'm a Cowboy - John Denver 16. Papa Don't Preach - Madonna 17. Mama's Broken Heart - Miranda Lambert 18. In Your Room - The Bangles 19. Never Let Me Go - Florence and the Machine 20. One Way or Another - Blondie 21. It's All Coming Back To Me Now - Celene Dion 22. House of Freaks - Lauren Mandel 23. Lay All Your Love On Me - Mamma Mia Soundtrack (Movie Version) 24. Friday Night - Lady Antebellum 25. Close My Eyes - Lita Ford and Ozzy Osbourne 26. Takin' Pills - Pistol Annies And this is the playlist that Bella listens. Also includes the songs that she does karaoke for/hears being done by her friends. Full playlist may be put up on my forums. Also, a list of songs that she listens to at in each chapter will be posted at the end of the chapter, though I won't list more than thirty songs. If she listens to more than that, in a chapter, then the full list of those songs can be found in my forums. Please Review, I would love to know what you think of this chapter. Hearts In Strangeness