to turn and look. Even incapacitated he knew that scent, the rising burn in his throat. Bella's stumbling footsteps drew closer until she fell heavily to her knees beside him. Edward cleared his throat and tried to talk, only managing a gasp. He hated being so weak in front of Bella, but her presence was—nice. Comforting. He wanted her for however much longer she would stay. His mouth moved and this time he was able to get out the word, though it was barely more than a breath. "Bella." "I'm here, Edward," she said. "You'll be okay." Her voice was choked; she was hurting. He had failed to keep her happy and safe. Jacob had been right. So right. It was good she'd chosen him. Edward looked up at Bella, her eyes shining with tears, face blurred like a watercolor painting. He wished he could see her more clearly and tried to sit up again, but the world spun sickeningly. The pain almost stunned him, so he barely noticed when Sam put a burning hand flat on his chest and pushed him back to the ground. "Sam," Bella said, apparently shaken into action. "I have a—here." She pulled off her thick overcoat and then her sweater, putting the coat back on. "Here, you needed, for his head—" Sam took the proffered sweater and pressed it to Edward's head. It stung horribly and he flinched away before he could stop himself, sucking in air through his teeth. "Sorry, Edward," Sam said, keeping a firm grasp on his shoulder. "I know it hurts. Try not to move. Bella, listen, what happens if they lose all their blood?" "All of it?" Bella's voice was unnaturally high-pitched as her warm hand smoothed across Edward's forehead. Edward closed his eyes, trying to memorize the sensation. "I don't—I don't know, I never— I mean, is it really their blood?" "No, I know," Sam said quickly, "but still, he's bleeding so much, I don't know how to stop it. Don't they usually hunt before it gets too low? Can this do permanent damage?" "I don't know," Bella said, her voice nearing hysteria. "I don't know. Can someone call Carlisle? Edward's phone is in his pocket." Warm fingers prodded at his side, pulling something from his jean pocket, and Edward gasped though it sounded more like a sob. If only the darkness would come and take everything away. He wanted so badly to sleep . "Shhhh, stay with me," Bella said as if listening to his thoughts. Edward wanted to answer that he wasn't going anywhere, he couldn't, but talking would take breath that he didn't have. He concentrated on keeping his eyes fixed on Bella's face. He was agonizingly lucid and his nerves were too sensitive. Vampires weren't meant to be hurt, but when something did harm them they were intimately aware of each throbbing bruise and broken bone, every cell a thousand times more sensitive than that of a human. Bella pulled out of his sight before he could ask her to stay, and he heard the sound of her muffled sobs. He wanted to help her but couldn't, because the pain was the same and it was the only thing he could focus on. People were arguing, their voices sharp and too loud, and Edward was still shaking as he stared up at the overcast sky. The realization came out of nowhere that he could hear nobody's thoughts but his own. Edward stiffened, making his vision flash white, and reached out with his good hand. Someone pushed it back against the ground and he tried to raise his head, the fear rising up in his throat. He'd never liked his gift, but—it felt like he was deaf. He couldn't hear . "Edward, what is it?" Seth's face had replaced Jacob's, and he looked worn and pale with fear. "Is he gonna be okay?" "I don't know," Sam muttered, turning his head to the side, but Edward could still hear him clearly. "We need the Cullens. I don't know what to do." The world looked too dark and it didn't make sense; he wasn't supposed to be able to fall unconscious but felt halfway there now. The silence pressed in on his ears. "I can't," Edward choked out, abruptly desperate to make them understand. "I can't hear." Bella's face was suddenly very close to his, drawn tight with concern. "What does that mean? Can you hear me?" "No—yes," Edward muttered, his thoughts disjointed enough that it was hard to string a sentence together. "No, I mean I can't, what they're saying in—" He broke off, frustration coursing through him. Explaining took too much work and he couldn't concentrate enough to get out the words. "Do you mean your mindreading? Can you hear what I'm thinking?" Sam asked, and Edward slumped back in relief. "No," Edward whispered, closing his eyes again. It hurt to look at her face. Sam's hand was uncomfortably warm, still cupping the back of his neck, and blood had soaked his shirt. The snow was achingly cold against him. He was so tired. "No, I can't." Seth made a small noise of distress. "Oh, God," Bella said, her breath hitching. "He hit his head—what if he—" "I wouldn't talk like that right now," Sam said sharply. "Edward, you're going to be fine, okay? Your leader's coming. Just hang on a little bit longer." "Yeah," Edward said, his voice almost inaudible. The pain that ran through him like wildfire was getting too hard to fight off and he could feel his body shutting down. A hot stabbing sensation took the breath from his lungs, and darkness began to gather at the corners of his eyes. He was supposed to stay awake, he knew that, but unconsciousness was beckoning to take away the pain. The frantic voices around him grew muffled as if coming from underwater. Someone was calling his name, but he'd forgotten how to respond. He let go. Your thoughts would be lovely.