hideous beast, I do remember the acrid smell though of his fur.. It is a stench that you do not soon forget. I don't actually remember waking up from the dream, but the next thing that I remembered was lots of people in white hovering above me, examining me. That night I had emergency surgery to remove my appendix, had the staff not checked on me and rushed me to the hospital I was told that I would have been dead by morning because my appendix had already ruptured and the toxins were invading my body. I sat for a while wondering why the dream occurred this time I can tell for certain that I am not sick or hurt, nor am I endanger of dying so I was left feeling unsettled again. I clearly remember the lady, and how the little girl looked up at me, her haunting brown eyes staring into mine as if she was trying to tell me something. Then I remember the bracelet. I have one just like it on my wrist. I looked down and rubbed it. Hmm that is odd…. It to me seems like an ordinary bracelet but I have never figured out how to take it off, there are no clasps to release the intricately woven silver band that encircles my wrist, the seriously weird thing about it though is that it always seems to fit. As I grow the bracelet seems to grow with me. I am not superstitious and I don't believe in fairies and creepy crawlers that go bump in the night. If anything I am practical and level headed since the only one I have been able to count on is myself. Breaking me from my reverie the snooze had run out and the piercing noise resumed with vengeance. Wobbly, I stood then reached toward the alarm clock and turned it off. While stretching I realized what today was; the dream now forgotten. I reached my arms upward trying to shake off the stiff feeling, and walked to my closet and grabbed the first pair of jeans and shirt that I found. Jumping into the shower I hurriedly washed myself and set out to get dressed, I had chosen a pair of baggy jeans and a plain black t-shirt it was quite comfortable, and there is nothing more that makes me smile than being comfortable. Making short order of the shoes and socks I abruptly stood and brushed out my hair. I think that Brown is such a dull and boring color. I sometimes picture myself with blonde hair, I am always hearing about how blonds have more fun. I looked over to my nightstand where my alarm resided, Seven o'clock. I swiftly grabbed my favorite hoodie and black backpack then casually trotted down the steep stairs two at a time. About half way down I smelled bacon and eggs. Taken aback I realized it was Mary and she was cooking breakfast so I quickly jumped down the last two steps and landed on the ground then skipped into the kitchen. Mary was in front of the stove completely dressed in her scrubs, pushing scrambled eggs onto a plastic dinner plate. Gracefully lowering myself into the chair parallel to the kitchen I chirped to Mary, "Morning Mary, did you have a good day at work yesterday?" I think that I startled her because she almost dropped the pan of eggs onto the plate recovering only at the last minute. "Oh my goodness Bella Don't sneak up on me like that again; I thought I was having a heart attack." Mary admonished while setting the empty pan back on the stove. She then walked over to the table and sat the heaping plate of food in front of me. Awkwardly she hugged me from behind, ."Did you sleep alright?" "It was alright, I am not used to it here" I replied then cringed as the nightmare I had last night tickled my consciousness but then recovered hoping she wouldn't read too much into it. "I am a little anxious though about starting school though I have been so out of touch with people lately." I said dejectedly trying to cover up my lie but inside I was truly curious to start my new school, to have the chance to start over. "It's not going to be that bad, you will do fine, I am sure you're a good hearted person, and everyone will love you. Come on now and eat your breakfast." I looked at the plate of food in front of me, grabbed my fork and began eating. Mary sat down on the opposite side of the kitchen table sipping a cup of coffee full of cream and sugar. "Mary do you want some coffee with your cream?" I asked. "Ha-ha very cute Bella." She said while scrunching her nose at me "Well I have no idea how in the world that you can drink that even with the extras. it is so bitter-ewww.." "I must admit it is an acquired taste. I didn't care for it much in high school myself It was more a college thing, you know late night cram sessions with lots of caffeine mmm Yum." It surprised me how we just jumped into playful banter this morning, Perhaps it was because I want this to work I want to figure out who I am and eventually be happy. Mary glanced at her watch. "Oh my goodness will you look at the time", She hurriedly put her empty coffee cup in the sink and went into the other room grabbing her purse. "I have some errands to run this morning so I have to get going but I will see you after school and we can catch up on your day then." "Okay, I will see you then." Mary walked back to the table and abruptly dropped a kiss on the top of my head and then all but ran out the door.