my ear. I hold my position, on my knees in front of the toilet, not daring to move. Jacob rubs my back in slow circles as my stomach twists again. My hands grip the ceramic bowl tightly as more blood is forced out of my body. When I think it's over I sit back on my heels. I take a deep, shaky breath, trying not to cry. Shaking, I pull my knees up to my chest. Jake stands straight, taking a step to flush the toilet as I lean against the bathtub behind me. I look up him miserably; his face is an even mixture of sympathy and concern, his eyes hold fear. "Well," he tries to lighten the mood, "you probably want to stay away from elk for a while, huh? That's okay, we can go up to the Canadian border next time." He doesn't bother asking if I'm okay, he knows I'll lie. He does ask suddenly, "Are you cold?" probably because my teeth are chattering uncontrollably. I just nod. There's a gentle tapping at the door half-open door and Mom pushes it open. "Ness, baby? Are you okay?" "Give me a sec," I knowing she'll hear me. I stand shakily with one of Jacob's arms around my waist, keeping me balanced. Mom hands me a Dixie cup of mouthwash, which I take gratefully, needing the taste of stale blood out of my mouth. She also holds out a glass of water, which I'm quick to reject. She almost looks like she's going to fight me on it, but doesn't. "Jake," I look up at him. "I'm freezing." That's what I mean to say, but it comes out like I have a severe stuttering problem, my teeth are chattering so badly. He gets it though, and puts his hands on my waist, gently lifting me into a firm embrace. My arms wrap around his neck tightly and my legs around his waist. I bury my face is neck, feeling instantly warmer. "I got you," he says lowly in my ear as I tremble, rubbing my back with his hands as he carries me into the living room. I don't lift my head as I listen to the conversations around me. Rose and Esme are strongly supporting calling Carlisle. Dad please, can I just go home? Dad argues that he and Mom can take care of me, and I should be at home. "Carlisle gets off work in a few hours, we'll send him over as soon as we can. Call if you need anything, okay?" Esme hugs us all as we say goodbye. Well, my parents and Jake do. I keep my head on Jacob's shoulder and my arms tightly around his neck. They don't want to run me to the cottage, so Dad goes ahead and Mom drives Jake and I. Jake holds me the whole way, rubbing my back as I shiver violently. Mom talks mindlessly about their trip, trying to distract herself for the five mile drive. Dad beats us there of course, and he's holding the door when we walk up the pathway. Jake sits on the couch and I untangle myself from him to sit on his lap. "How do you feel?" he murmurs in my ear. "Shitty." I mumble back, honestly. His lips press to my forehead as he wraps his arms around my shivering torso. Dad appears in front of us, thermometer in hand. He holds it inches from my mouth and says, "Open." "Why?" I groan. "I j ust did this." "I know, baby. One more time." I obey; irritated, knowing this will not likely be the last time. I just want to sleep, for God's sake. I wait patiently until it beeps, and then I pull it out of my mouth. Or I try to, but Dad beats me. Mom peaks over his shoulder. They share a look. "What is it?" Jacob asks the question I don't feel up to verbalizing. "108.6," Dad winces, like saying the number is physically painful. "We have to get it down, now." "What do we do, Edward?" Mom's voice breaks, sounding scared. "Well, for starters, Ness has to get away from Jacob. His heat isn't helping." "I'm freezing, Dad." My teeth slam into each other, emphasizing my point. "I know, sweetheart. It's because your temperature is so high. You have to get cooler to feel warmer. Trust me." He holds a hand out, trying to help me up. I look back to Jacob, not wanting to leave him. "It's okay, Ness. He's right. I'm not going anywhere, I'll stay here and help out." He smiles reassuringly. He's amazing. I nod and let Dad pull me up. The second I'm not touching Jacob the shivering becomes uncontrollable. "Are you wearing layers?" Dad asks in an are-you-serious kind of voice. Yeah, sorry. I was freezing my ass off. "Jake help me get these off of her," They move around me carefully, pulling off the sweats and sweatshirt off of my petite, trembling figure. Dad lets me leave on the leggings and t-shirt, though. And I don't care how old I am, I will never be too old to let my daddy carry me to bed. I wrap my arms around his neck and he carries me down the hall as if I'm a small child. Mom pulled the covers back and he laid me gently, pulling one blanket over my freezing body. They debate on making me take some kind of medicine; Mom thinks I should, Dad argues that there isn't any amount they could give me that my body wouldn't burn off within half an hour. Even with the pounding in my head and chattering of my teeth, I manage to fall asleep with Mom holding me, which she insists upon because her cold temperature will bring my fever down. Yeah, okay, whatever. As long as she's happy. I don't want her to worry; I don't want anyone to worry. I'll be fine, right?