parents, since I had no memory of them, but they insisted it was the only way they would believe I ran off with a man. Emmett and I sat next to each other on the sofa in front of a computer screen. His large thighs dwarfed mine. "Hi, dad," I said awkwardly. "Meet Emmett, my….boyfriend." I managed to choke out the words and Edward turned and left the room. Emmett smiled largely and waved at the screen. "Seriously, Bells?" the stranger asked, and I nodded stiffly. "Do you play football, boy?" my father asked Emmett. "Naw, I blew out my knee. I spend my free time hunting," he laughed. "But now that I caught Bella, my hunting days are over." My head lowered as a smile formed on my face. Emmett continued on, surely just to torture Edward. "She was hard to catch. I thought she was going to rip me to pieces, but I eventually won her over. Now she can't force herself to leave my side. We're inseparable." His big arm came over my shoulder and he pulled my face up as he squeezed my cheeks. I worried he was going to actually kiss me. Edward stepped back into view and glared at his brother until he removed his hands from me. "Um, dad, I just wanted you to see I'm in love. Emmett's my…he's my…um…my life is with Emmett now." "Are you dropping out of school?" he asked in shock. I hadn't realized I had been a student and I looked over at Edward, causing him to leave the room again as I wondered what else he kept from me. "Um…no, but when I'm done I'm leaving the area with Emmett." "Will you keep in touch?" he asked, and his demeanor seemed to sadden. "Sure," I said, without feeling any quilt over my lie. Emmett smiled again and leaned in closely to the screen. "I'll take care of her, Mr. Swan. She'll know nothing but happiness." We all said an awkward goodbye and sat completely still until Carlisle got my mother onto the screen. She looked right at Emmett and said, "You fell in love, didn't you?" I looked at the doorway and waited for Edward to step into view and then I smiled widely and said, "Yes, I fell madly in love." The woman no longer cared to direct her conversation to me so I let her speak alone to Emmet and walked toward the man staring at me with nothing but love. I was only vaguely aware my mother was flirting with Emmett and Rosalie was growing angry. When I stood directly in front of Edward he spoke in a whisper, surrounded by blue. "He's a big guy, but I would kill him if he ever wanted you." "I think he has his own love. And, I like the brooding artist type." He smiled and said, "You told Masen you didn't have a type." "I lied," I replied. He reached out for my hand and said, "You were majoring in English and hoped to become an editor. You are free to return, but just so you know, I am extremely wealthy." "Really?" I asked with raised eyebrows. "You're not a starving artist?" He chuckled and seemed to stand a bit taller as he said with pride, "I'm a very successful artist." I smiled widely and then said, "The hell with being an editor. I'd rather be a model." He stared into my eyes and clarified something. "Only for me, promise?" I laughed at his jealousy so he added, "Maybe for Masen, too." My mind was full of the many memories we had made in the few short weeks since my change, each one better than the last. I walked proudly toward the archway covered in flowers to join Edward and become his wife. I wasn't sure how legal it was, since we were both technically dead, but it was the thought that counted. Emmett was officiating, and kept swaying to the beat he alone was hearing in his head. I couldn't keep a straight expression when we turned to face him. "Hey, Hellcat and Mr. Personality," Emmett said with a grin. "Shut up and marry us," Edward responded, as I giggled loudly. "Okay, Edward, do you take Bella, for an eternity of wild vamp sex, and let her use the library at anytime day or night? Do you promise to be patient when you paint her, and never let psycho ex's try to poison her again?" "This isn't funny, Emmett," Edward growled. "It's perfect, Edward," I smiled at him. "Fine, yes, all of that plus I vow to love her unconditionally and completely," he winked and added, "and of course, truthfully, for all eternity." I grinned at the blue hue circling his body. "Bella, do you take Edward, for an eternity of his attempts at wild vamp sex, and find a way to put up with his brooding? Do you promise to compliment his art and his music so he won't cry, and never try to kill family members again?" "Yes, and I vow to love him as Edward and as Masen, unconditionally, completely and honestly for all eternity." Edward pulled me into his body as he kissed me earnestly. When we pulled apart Emmet cleared his throat to get our attention. "Welcome to the world of the ball and chain," Emmett said, as he shook Edward's hand and gave me a hug. Edward pulled me into his arms and whispered, "We'll do it again in Vegas, I promise." "Okay, since I'm marrying both of you, I really should have two weddings," I teased. His face turned serious and he kissed me passionately sending all the family members from the area. "Bella, my wife, you brought meaning not only to my art, but also my life. I'm going to take you everywhere and give you the world." I nodded and stared into his beautiful face, "You gave me the stars, Edward. You are my Gemini."