hypersensitive skin, jerking the waist of Edward's pants down so they are equally exposed. There is no hesitation, natural fluidity to their movements the only thing that has any chance of taking the edges off of this. Moving with surprising clarity, Edward rearranges them so Jasper is sitting upright against the bathtub, the cool metal a spark against his overheated skin. Jasper's hands come up automatically, pulling Edward closer, down on top of him, settled so he is straddling Jasper, steel and aching stone hard against Jasper's shuddering, sparking skin, desperate to feel the sensation of his heartbeat against Jasper's. Edward kisses him, swallowing his moans as he brings his length against Jasper's, slippery-slick with precum and steely hard, and Jasper knows this will not last long. There has been too much build up to this moment, too many years, too many secrets, too many stolen looks and sharp-sweet memories. Edward is thrusting erratically into his hand, his cock sliding against Jasper's, his hips pinned by Edward on top of him, moaning even as Edward murmurs to hush against his neck, and Jasper is cumming suddenly, explosively, falling into Edward, falling into everything that is familiar and foreign all at once, his vision exploding with colour. Edward thrusts once, twice with Jasper's cum streaming down his cock, before he paints Jasper's stomach with his own orgasm, leaving them both shivering and shaking, unable to bear parting for even the few seconds it would take to clean up. The highway curves before them, smooth beneath the wheels, the navy blue sky opening infinitely until it blends with the ocean and disappears. The sun is just beginning to breach the horizon, the breeze catching their hair, the convertible preventing the heat from being overwhelming. The view is stunning, and the smile on Edward's face-the sated, truly relaxed, grounded to only this moment smile-takes Jasper's breath away. Edward has one hand on the steering wheel, the other resting on Jasper's thigh, gentle heat through the fabric of his jeans, subtle reassurance that Edward does not regret what happened in the early morning hours. Jasper never had any doubt, but he thinks that maybe the reassurance is more for Edward than himself, so he says nothing. Emmett and Rose were nowhere to be found when they snuck out of the hotel room in the barely breaking dawn (and Jasper isn't sure he really wants to know what his sister and Emmett ended up doing last night, anyways), Edward insistent that this was a good idea, though Jasper would have happily remained in bed, reveling in the newfound fit of their limbs together. Watching Edward drive is almost as good. "Where'd you get the car, Ed?" Edward shrugs, "I rented it before we left. I just figured..." He trails off, pink touching his high cheekbones, and Jasper realizes that Edward had been planning this long before they touched down in LA. Jasper turns to him, suddenly curious, "And the driving? I didn't know you could drive standard. Hell, I didn't even know you had a licence." Their lives have always come with car and driver, and Edward blushes in earnest, dusky rose flushing over his pale skin. Jasper grins. He's so busted. "I...took lessons. Before we left DC. I just..." His hand tightens reflexively on Jasper's leg, and it is a confession so innocent, so sweet that it leaves Jasper feeling warm all over, as if he has swallowed the sunlight of the California coast into his chest. "It's sweet that you were thinkin' of me, darlin'." Jasper drawls, half joking, half reassuring, winking at Edward with amusement, but he doesn't miss the way that Edward's breath hitches at the endearment. The shift in their boundries is revealing a side of his best friend he has never considered, and Jasper is blown away by the look in Edward's eyes every single time their eyes meet. There is desire, blatant now that the walls he has so carefully concealed it behind for so long have come down, the love that Jasper has always taken as friendship so deep and tangible now that he wonders how they have managed to keep it hidden from the world for so long. Bella surfaces in his thoughts, her words replaying in his head, and he wonders if she is the only one who has ever wondered about them. Edward eases the car into a parking spot in a deserted ashphalt and gravel parking lot lined with tall grass and chain pulled tight between mossy wooden fence posts. The parking lot drops off into a sheer cliff face, a perilously narrow path winding its way down onto a white sand beach dotted with washed up seaweed and driftwood below. The sun is just beginning to rise over the water, casting pink and violet over the ocean, still and glassy in the moments before the day truly begins. Jasper gets out of the car, coming to stand on the edge of the parking lot, looking out over the water, slightly dazed by the sheer beauty of it all. He doesn't ask, but something tells him that Edward has planned this, too, and when he feels Edward's hands on his hips, skimming over the bones as his arms come to rest around his waist, cradling Jasper against his body with such tenderness that Jasper blushes from the weight of the emotion behind it. Edward presses a gentle kiss to his neck, but doesn't speak, their silent communication enough. Jasper's hands come to rest on Edward's arms, tracing slow circles over his skin, and it is foreign and familiar all at once, the sensation of touching one another as overwhelming as it is natural. They stand silently, locked in the warmth of each other's embrace, watching the sun rise over the water, the soft, shimmering light as much a new beginning for their relationship as it is the dawning of a new day. Tell me what you loved. Hated. Want more of. Imagine. Reviews=Love.