of those sitting near us. Thankfully the flight attendant comes around and starts collecting our trash and distracting others. After stowing away my tablet (I had been showing Rosalie some of my recent pictures I'd taken and some of my articles I'd written, not to mention looking up some places she was telling me about) and other random items, I turn back to her. I can tell she is still a little embarrassed about earlier comments, not that I'm any different. That old lady needs to lower the volume on her hearing aid. "So, we're almost there." And for that I'm both happy and sad. I can't wait to get off this flying tin can, but find myself feeling lonely with not being in Rosalie's company. So strange . "Yeah, good to be back home. I've been in New York for over a month, so I'll be happy to be home for a while." The silence becomes thick and I can't help wonder if Rosalie is waiting for me to ask her something, something I truly want to ask. When several more minutes of uncomfortable silence passes by, I finally gather the courage to ask, but someone strikes before me. "Listen, young man," I hear spoken in front of me. I want to bury my face in my hands and ask for death to come collect this woman. Surely she's past her prime and has lived a full life. It must be her time to go. I look up and see her creased face peering in between the crack of her seat. "We're almost there, and if you can go on and on talking that pretty girl's ears off, then you can ask that girl for her digits, or whatever you kids are calling it these days. Get some courage, boy, the girl obviously likes you." And with such unwarranted sage advice, the lady turns around mumbling about youth being wasted on the young; which seems like an oxymoron to me. I wonder if my genitals will unravel from the vice grip she's put them in. Again, I hear snickering around us. I don't think I'd be held accountable by a jury if I were to drown this lady in the germ-infested toilet passing for a bathroom on this plane. I am now quite certain she is past her prime and can feel The Grim breathing down her neck. Yet she seems unconcerned with him and more with my personal life. Crazy old goat . A paper being pushed into my clasped fist brings me out of my lovely daydreams and back into my humiliation. Warm, delicate fingers squeezes my fist comfortingly before letting go. With just that one act of kindness, I feel immensely better. Tingles erupt and travel the length of my body. Her light touch is enough to seemingly ignite me. I quickly look over to her and see nothing but a gentle smile, pen still clutched in her other hand. My eyes take in what she's written; my lips are soon turning up in the corners. ' Perhaps her hearing-aids will come into contact with water and complete the process of her losing her hearing. Obvious her old age hasn't accomplished that yet. One can only hope it's soon, right? Rosalie Hale 555- . . . Call me some time, Edward .' I can't even suppress the mega-watt smile if I wanted to. This Rosalie Hale has been quite the surprise I always dread happening to me on a plane, only this time it has been the most wonderful and lasting surprise. "I will," I whisper softly, leaning in closer to her. Thankfully the old lady with the seemingly perfect hearing stays quiet, for which I'm glad. Reaching over, I take her hand with the pen still in it and remove it from her fingers. I know it is rude and awfully bold of me, but I feel as if I can jump from this plane and still land on my feet. Carefully, I scribble out my own number on the palm of her hand, watching her as I do. Rosalie's eyebrows rise at my audacity, but I know she doesn't hold it against me. The beguiling twinkle to her eyes tells me as much. I can't help but be even cheekier as I write under my number, 'tomorrow'. And it's a promise I intend to keep. Rosalie bits her lips as she reads my one-word message, and I wonder if she's trying to suppress a groan, laugh or silly smile. Before I can ask, I feel the wheels of the plane hit the runway, and for that I am always eternally grateful. And though I am still oddly sad at the prospect of being without this stranger beside me, I feel good too. Once again, I start to wonder what makes a person start a conversation. What makes a person reach beyond their comfort limit and start to talk to someone completely unknown? Why even start? With Rosalie Hale beside me and smiling softly, our arms casually touching on the armrest, I know now some of those answers. Perhaps flying isn't all that bad , I can't help but think as we taxi into our final gate. "Young men these days have no hair on their balls like men from my generation," I hear the old goat bleating again to the passenger next to her; and of course the accompanying laughter at her missing filter. Okay, so I was wrong, flying is still the damn pits. Rosalie Hale has become the exception. . . Notes: This was just a little something I wrote after having to fly cross country myself. I always wonder what Edward does, and this little fluffy piece was born. And I am one of those ones who starts conversations with those around me. Perhaps to the annoyance of many. LOL. If you have any funny stories, I'd love to read them. Anyhow, hope you enjoyed. Until next time, love and hugs.