didn't bring you anything, jerkface. Did you take care of me last night? This is for… uh…" I desperately wracked my brain, trying to remember green-eyed guy's name but I came up blank. Did he even tell me his name last night? "Wow, I am such an asshole! You sat up with me, took care of me, gave me your bed, and I don't even know your name. Oh god, you watched me puke! Ugh, I'm the worst! You'd think puking would put you on a first name basis with someone. Fucking hell." Seth let out a guffaw. "And the Bella effect is back in full force. Glad to see you're okay, girlie. Give Alice a call when you get a second. She's worried about you." I snorted. "Right. Worried. Sure she is. Probably more like finally feeling a little guilty. I really have nothing to say to her right now. You can call her if you want. Totally your call, Seth." Seth's grin broadened and he rubbed his hands together. "Oooooh… what can I tell Alice that will totally freak her out? This is going to be fantastic! And next time? Just use your phone, Bella. We would have come to get you." I stared at him and blinked. Well, yeah. That would have been a smart thing to do. Wait… my phone. I didn't have my phone. "Oh fuck me, Seth! I don't know where my phone is. It's probably with my shoes in a bush somewhere." Seth started laughing. "Alice has your shoes and your phone so don't worry. I'm gonna go call her and torture her a little. Let me know when you're ready to go and I'll drive you back to the dorm." Seth walked away and left a void filled with awkward in his wake. It was the uncomfortable morning after without the benefit of any sexy times the night before. The seconds dragged on as we both stood in the hallway, glancing around, not really sure what to do. Green-eyed guy was still rubbing the back of his neck, and I was nibbling on my lip, trying desperately to find something to say. I realized I was still holding a bag and a drink tray in my hands. "I… uh brought breakfast?" "That's really sweet. You didn't have to do that. But yeah, I could eat," he said as his stomach growled and he blushed. "It's the least I could do. I just… I wanted to say thank you. And apologize. I'm not usually like that." I rolled my eyes. "I mean, I usually know a guy's name before I spend the night." My eyes almost bugged out of my head. "No! No, that's not what I meant! Oh god! I just… I don't know your name. And you were so nice to me and took care of me and I'd really feel like less of a jerk if I at least knew your name instead of calling you green-eyed guy in my head." And there was that smile. "Green-eyed guy? I dunno. I was pretty partial to you calling me 'Seth's Hot Brother.'" My eyes widened in horror. "I didn't." "Uh yeah... you did. At one point it turned into hottie brottie. That does have a certain ring to it, don't you think?" I knew he was teasing, but I was completely mortified. Hottie brottie? Seriously? I kind of met this really sweet, hot guy and I was so drunk I completely embarrassed myself. I was going to fucking kill Alice. I shoved the bag and drink tray into his hands. "So, there are breakfast sandwiches… and donuts… and coffee. I'm just going to go hide under my blankets for the next few years and pretend none of this happened. Last night never happened. Yep, it was all a dream and I'm gonna wake up soon. Just call me Bobby Ewing. Thanks for… everything." I turned around and started to speed walk towards Seth's room so I could get a ride home and die of shame in peace. When I got most of the way down the hall, I heard someone calling to me. "Hey? Girl walking down the hall? Can I talk to you for a second?" I turned around to see green-eyed guy walking toward me. I was so confused - he knew my name and yet… "Hi. I'm Edward. Cullen. Edward Cullen. I wanted to introduce myself. What brings you by the house?" He was blushing and his smile was soft. I stared at him for a moment as my brain finally caught up with what he was doing. "Hi Edward. I'm Bella… Bella Swan? It's nice to meet you? I'm, um, a friend of Seth's?" I squeaked out. "The pleasure is all mine, Bella Swan. A friend brought me breakfast and had to leave. Want to join me?" "Well, I don't usually go into a guy's room that I really don't know, but I guess this time... I could make an exception." I am stunned and amazed by the response this got in the contest. Huge thanks to the hosts and judges and Kim and everyone involved for dealing with 79 (!) entries. This entry wouldn't have done nearly as well without my professional shouty capper, Mary Kitty Masen, the astoundingly talented (and diabolical) Drotuno, and my fellow Jersey Girl who can find the one word to change that makes all the difference, Planetblue. And the lovely and grammatically terrific Hadley Hemingway held my hand and helped me off the ledge. I am completely in their debt. There are no words for how I feel about Carrie ZM. She is the epitome of kindness and support all while wielding a fiercely fantastic red pen. She is the real deal and I'm lucky I get to call her my friend (and that she's willing to beta for me). Yes, I'll continue this for at least one more chapter. I can't let Alice get away scot free, now can I?