and I want to keep it." She reached up and cupped his face in her hands, pressing her lips together for a moment while giving him a sympathetic look. "No." "But-" "No," she said again, shaking her head at him. "Awww." "We have told you before that we don't want anything dead in the house." And just like that he started smirking, before a laugh escaped him. "But... Edward is dead, too. Does that mean he is not allowed inside the house anymore?" "Emmett...," Esme scolded, not deeming her son's remark the least bit funny. "What would your father think if he saw this?" she asked and motioned towards the severed head of the smelly male bear which was despite its lifelessness still busy soiling her house. "I don't know...," he replied, shrugging his shoulders, but as Esme's just continued to stare at him as she was waiting for a proper answer, he hung his head. "He wouldn't like it," he eventually murmured, sounding crestfallen and sad. "Yes, he wouldn't like it," she confirmed and sighed when she saw that he still hadn't changed out of his dirty clothes. Lightly petting his cheek with one hand, she said, "Go take a bath, Emmett." His shoulders slumped but he nodded his head before turning around and shuffling down the hall until he reached the bathroom. He looked back at Esme one more time with a pleading look on his face, but all she did was shake her head. And without another word he disappeared into the bathroom to clean up. As soon as the door clicked shut, Esme put her hands on her hips and focussed her eyes on her other son. "Edward, what's this about?" He heaved a load groan. "I told him not to bring it inside." "And what is this ?" Esme asked and pointed at the bear head. She didn't even want to look at it anymore - all she wanted was to get it out of the house and forget that this had ever happened. With his arms crossed, he leaned against the wall and glared at the floor. "Mother, he refused to listen to me." He didn't know why his parents loved to pick him as the babysitter and whenever something happened, he had to explain himself. It wasn't his fault that Emmett was lacking common sense, maybe it was Rosalie's fault, who knew, but it definitely wasn't his. "And why didn't you tell me what he had in mind? Just look what happened." He distorted his mouth. "Because I prefer to stay out of his mind, Ma'am." "The blood will most definitely leave stains," Esme mumbled with a sad sigh, then shook her head as standing around and feeling glum would not help get rid of the horrible thing and the mess it had made. Edward would not say it now and definitely not in front of his mother, but the stains didn't worry him all that much. The thing reeked, that was a bit of a nuisance, but apart from that he just wanted to ignore it until somebody would throw it out and clean up. "Edward, Rosalie? Please help me clean this up." Rolling his eyes when Esme wasn't looking, Edward cursed under his breath as he had already half expected that he would have to clean up the mess one of his lovely siblings had made. He was really starting to detest newborns as they were so hard to control and never listened to him. He was the second eldest person in the house but still - no one listened to him. It was quite frustrating. And it was remarkable that Rosalie had watched the whole talk from her room without even uttering a single word, but now suddenly sprang to life at her mother's words. "I'll pick up the shards of porcelain and put the flowers in a new vase, Mother!" she chirped, then picked up the dripping bouquet they had bound a few minutes ago and vanished downstairs. Edward's eyes narrowed while he listened to the sounds of his blonde sister bolting down the stairs as she was desperately trying to get away from the bear in order to keep her hands clean. That left him and Esme to clean up the bloody mess her husband had created. "Could you take it outside, Edward? I go get a bucket and a brush." And with that, Esme left as well and the bronze-haired boy found himself standing alone in the hallway. He turned his head and looked at the bear head with the leaking eye and the long tongue hanging out... it looked like this stupid thing was mocking him. It infuriated him and with an angry snort he took a few steps to the end of the hallway and wrenched the window open, then grabbed the dripping head and tossed it out of the house and into the forest. He could hear the faint splash of water in the distance which made him smile with satisfaction as he knew that he had just thrown it into the river that wound along through the thick forest. Would be interesting to see if it sinks or floats..., he thought with a low chuckle. And if it floats, it would be interesting to see the stupid looks on the faces of the humans who would be fortunate enough to find it. But when he heard Emmett starting to sing in the bathroom while he undressed to get in the tub, he couldn't help but groan as he perceived his brother's carefreeness despite the mess he had caused. And that was the first time Emmett had managed to bring a bear head into the house. Yep, Emmett's very own story! I really hope he likes it and will keep his nose out of his siblings stories from now on... but I have my doubts that this distraction will work, LOL Thanks for reading and, as always, I'd love to know what you think!