was already eatting into my savings. I moved into a new place that was cheaper but in a horrible area of town, but saving almost $400 a month in rent made it worth it. I could afford food for me now too not just for my son. He had and will always come first. ~~~ End Flashback ~~~ I had been at this job for 2 years now while working on finishing up school and trying to keep my little household afloat. I had failed though when today I lost my temper with a coworker who just so happened to be sleeping with the boss. It didn't matter he was married, he still had picked her side and that left me now standing in this line at the unemployment office to file for something in hopes that I would be able to make ends meet. I also had made appointments at WIC and welfare but found out that Anthony was too old for WIC now, and welfare told me to come back after I was done here and knew what my "income" would be every month. I hated to rely on the system. I felt like crap doing it. I had only 1 more semester of school left and I knew I would have to drop out. I still had to go and apply for loans, maybe somehow I could get a scholarship or something to help me pay for the last little bit. I wasn't planning to get my hopes up but I had to at least try. I needed to make something of myself and for Anthony. I wouldn't let him down. I was driving between the one office when I car came flying threw a red-light, the next thing I remember was waking up in the hospital being looked at by a set of gold eyes. I did the only thing my mind could and I passed out. I woke up later and saw a nurse in the room with me. I had a tube in my throat and couldn't talk so I did my best to move my arm, that I now noticed as well was broken around to get her attention. The rise in my heart rate did and she looked down. I drew with my hand in the air trying to write and she brought me a pencil. In my best wrong handed font I wrote. Who is my doctor? She told me my doctor was Dr. Cullen. Well so I hadn't lost my mind, it had been Carlisle who had seen me. My mind started to race, he couldn't see me, he would see Anthony, he would ask questions. Oh god, no no no no. He looked just like Edward, I couldn't have this I had to leave. Oh yea they were so going to let me leave. I tried to grab her arm as she left, and I wrote. I really need to talk can this come out? She looked up at me and told me she would go ask Dr Cullen. NO! I quickly scribbled on the paper. It was then she asked me if I wanted another doctor and I sighed and I wrote. Yes, I dated his son and it ended bad. Please don't let him in here. It was quick and simple and I hopped she would get this tube out and I could get home. Oh god home, Anthony. I grabbed the paper again writing – Where is my son? I heard her calling out in the hallway but couldn't hear it all. I saw Renee walk into the room holding Anthony and I started to cry. Thank god he was okay. I hadn't spoken to my mom since she had flipped out about my drinking but I was so happy to see her and know it was going to be okay. She sat down next to the bed with Anthony asleep on her lap. My mom had no idea who his father was, she had found out at the funeral that I was pregnant, and that I had had a son. It was a minor shock that hadn't helped the growing distance between us. "Bella don't worry, it will be okay" she told me and I smiled the best I could. "Bella the nurse told me you don't want Carlisle to see you anymore, are you sure? I gave her a thumbs up and she called the nurse back in. Shortly later the nurse came back with a new doctor and they took out my tube. Oh god did that hurt. I couldn't even talk with it out yet. I sat there sipping water for a while when I heard some yelling in the hallway. Thankfully Reene got up to close the door. "Mom has Carlisle seen you or Anthony? I asked, pleading to myself for a no. "No honey I just picked him up from daycare an hour ago, we just got here right when the nurse was coming in the last time" she told me. Wow that was close. "Okay, it's just I never told them all, and I don't want them to know about him and what happened after they left. I don't want them to feel bad" I lied to her hoping she would understand. The doctor came back in not that much later and was happy to see my progress. My lung had deflated when my rib hit it which is why I had the tube, and besides that and a broken arm, lots of brusies and a very sore hip I was not in that bad of shape. He had wanted me to stay the night but somehow my mom got him to bring the papers for me to be discharged against doctors orders. I guess she had realized how uncomfortable I was about Dr. Cullen being here and wanted to get out of here. She was wheeling me out when I heard Carlisle call over to us "Bella wait"