God. She glued me to a car seat?! Is that even possible? I mean... for how long do I have to sit here?" Rosalie's face scrunched up before she helplessly shrugged her shoulders. "Maybe we need to go back." Emmett rolled his eyes. "Yes, I'm sure that wouldn't confuse her after you yelled at her that we wouldn't," he replied, then shook his head and groaned. "No, Rose, I bet she didn't even realise that she had done something, so how can she possibly take it back? She cannot control it and is still unaware that she even has a talent." She groaned as well now and leaned with her hip against the side of the car, rubbing both her hands over her face. " It'll wear off. " Rosalie dropped her hands and Emmett looked back over his shoulder, only to see that Edward had appeared next to Carlisle and was watching his siblings now. "Jasper is getting better by the day." "Is he really?" the blonde asked, her eyes big and hopeful. It was good to hear that he was back home and that Maddie's influence was wearing off. While she had been mad at her brother for cornering the girl like that, she was relieved that he was recovering. Hopefully her mate would also recover soon. Well, at least he couldn't get lost. Slowly Edward made his way over to the car. "Still no sense of direction and we need to watch him, but he's a little calmer now and tries to follow Alice everywhere so he won't get lost again. She's his anchor." "And what does that have to do with my butt on this car seat? I cannot follow Rose even if I wanted to." But right now Em wasn't sure if he really wanted to... Carlisle would march them right up to his study, and that was bad news more often than it was not. Maybe Maddie had done him a service by making him unable to get up, as that way his behind was safe from harm for a little while longer. Rose's not so much. A gasp from the door made all of them turn around to see who had entered the garage. Esme stood there, her hands covering her mouth while her eyes seemed to water up. "You're back," she whispered, then hurried over to her blonde daughter and hugged her tight like she hadn't seen her in forever. She kept one arm around Rose's shoulders while she reached one hand out to cup her son's cheek. Then she leaned over to kiss his forehead, before she pressed her lips against Rose's temple. "Of course we would come back, mother," Rose whispered softly. "I was so worried... you scared me," Esme admitted and Emmett looked away shamefaced as her gaze fell on him. "Sorry, Momma," he mumbled. Rosalie stole a glance at her father, who was still standing by the door and still hadn't said a word. They had almost forgotten that he was in the garage with them. Why didn't he say anything? Was he too mad to form a coherent thought? "How is she?" Looking back at her mother, Rosalie gave her a little smile. "She's fine, Esme, she likes them." The tension dropped from Esme's face and relief took its place. "Oh, thank God. I really thought you wanted to...," she started to say, but then shook her head like she wanted to rid herself of these awful thoughts. "We only wanted to help her. It couldn't go on like this." Esme suddenly put her hands on her hips and her facial expression changed. "You could have told us, and don't you ever hang up on me or refuse to accept my calls! You left us thinking God knows what was about to happen! We didn't know where you were, didn't know where you were going or what you were planning on doing with that poor girl!" she ranted while looking in between the two, waving her finger angrily. "How could you do that?" Edward took a few steps back as he did not want to be included in getting yelled at while Rosalie lowered her gaze and kept her mouth shut. "Sorry," Emmett murmured again and kept his eyes on his folded hands in his lap. The brown-haired woman fixed her eyes on her son who was still sitting in the car. "A simple sorry is not good enough, young man! We were scared and-" Hearing her husband getting chided and what he was getting chided for made something in Rosalie take over. Her head snapped back up and she narrowed her eyes at her mother. "You know who was scared? She was . So please excuse that we weren't thoughtful enough of you when we brought her to Denali where she would finally feel safe." "She was safe with us, we would have never hurt her." "Great, Esme, you go tell her that and see what happens," Rose snapped. " Enough. " They turned around at the quiet-spoken order, and no one said a word when Carlisle uncrossed his arms and slowly stepped up to them. "Remember who you are talking to, Rosalie." She stared right back at him, then at Esme, before she dropped her gaze to the floor. "I'm sorry." He cleared his throat when she didn't look back up, but despite his subtle request she still kept her head bent. "Rosalie," he said and put a finger under her chin to make her look at him. Their eyes met, and after excruciating long seconds that made Emmett tense up as he did not know what Carlisle would do to his wife now and he would not be able to defend her, Carlisle's eyes softened and he put his hands on his daughter's shoulders. "I am glad you're back." She nodded her head, and he hugged her to himself. Just a little addition to the story. Hope you liked it and thanks for reading!