example, for everyone else. I nodded my head at him, grabbed a pail of warm water, a clean cloth, some soap, and walked towards her. I noticed Edward, Emmet, and Carlisle amongst the crowd helping the wounded. I finally made it to her, and I knelt down, dipping the cloth into the water and proceeded with the task of cleaning her up. Eventually I helped her up and took her into our lodge so I could offer her a change of clothes. Hers were torn all over. Once I had her all clean and her wounds dressed, which luckily none of them were too severe, I gestured to my clothes for her to pick something out. She picked out a one piece dress that had lots of fringing on it, and beads. I was quite happy she chose that. It had also been a gift from my brother and I had not worn it once. Nickels came rushing in, wagging his tail, and she immediately scooped him up hugging him to herself while he licked her everywhere he could reach. She was smiling and I figured she must love dogs and that maybe this would be a good fit for us. I cleared my throat and asked, "My I ask your name, how old you are, and if you have any living family?" She kissed Nickels head, and set him down on the ground. As her hair was drying, I could now tell she had dark raven colored hair, the cut just below her chin. This puzzled me because all women from our tribe kept their hair long, as the gods had intended. She noticed my quizzical look smiled and said, "My name is Alice, I am thirteen suns, and sadly none of my family survived." Her eyes, which were almost gray looking, looked over to me and then looked down. I noticed tears start to roll down her soft cheeks. I stepped towards her brining my arms around her shoulders and gave her a gentle hug. "I can not say I understand, this must be so hard. I am here for you if you need a friend to talk to," I said. She sniffled, hugged me back, then stepped away and sat down. "You do not mind if I sit, do you? I am just really tired," she said dejectedly. "Oh, of course not, I am so sorry for not suggesting it sooner," I quickly breathed out. She looked up at me, and smiled a tiny smile, and patted the spot across from her. I smiled and complied, sitting down. She told me how she lost her parents and younger brother who was only three suns and how she saw the whole thing happen. She also told me how her older sister told her to hide while she was taken captive. Alice saw the whole thing; I just can't imagine witnessing that. Eventually, Alice fell into a fitful slumber on my furs, so I got up to see if I could be of help to anyone else. Jasper was looking toward the lodge as I walked out, concern etched across his face. I could not bring myself to care what he was thinking, and walked down to the nearby stream. Washing off the days grime from my hands and body I wondered what the future would hold for the new members of our village. Would they find contentment with us? Hearing a branch break, I looked across the stream to see someone standing very still just watching me. He was very tall, but his features were lost in the darkness of the trees. He looked up over from where I was kneeled and then was gone as if he was never there in the first place. I blinked, then looked back over my shoulder to see Edward looking across the stream, expression dark. "Edward, there was someone watching me across the stream," I softly told him. "I know, I saw them as well. Maybe for awhile you should not go anywhere by yourself," Edward replied somberly. I scoffed, "Please, I was barely twenty steps from the village." Edward shook his head, no smile present and said, "I beg you, heed my suggestion, it has been nearly twenty suns since a women from our village has been taken, and I know you are still young, but we can not be too careful." I frowned, stood up, and grabbed his hand gently squeezing it. "Edward you are right, let us get back, I am sure dinner will be under way soon, and really I should be helping with that," I said lightly trying to brighten his mood. We got back to the village, and I had completely missed the chance to help out. Deciding to spend some more time with Alice, I grabbed some food for both of us, and went into my lodge to eat with her. I walked in to find her and Jasper in a very deep conversation, that I almost felt bad intruding on. She already had food in front of her, no doubt from Jasper. If Jasper wanted to go ahead and take something else that should have been mine, oh well, let him have her. I could care less. She could have been my friend, but not now I would not share with Jasper. I had Edward and Emmet, what did I need with Alice? So, without a word, I turned on my heel and walked back out. I found Edward laughing, eating, and talking animatedly with Emmet and some of the young children. Smiling, I grabbed a fur and sat down with them to enjoy my dinner. Under the glow of the moon, and the light from the fire, my eyes grew tired, and drifted into a peaceful sleep. The last thing I remember is being lifted and cradled into a soft embrace and then being placed onto a pile of soft warms furs, and Edward kissing my temple whispering, "Good night my dearest."