missing again. This time receiving a round house kick to the face. Then just as Embry takes in his latest victory, the man takes a swing and hits his face, Ric lip splits and blood spills. Embry growls at the honor of first blood being spilled another. The crowd cheers, they want more. Embry's eyes flash and in an instant he breaks the bonds of his hands grabs the man and rips his larynx out. The blood runs down his arm and he smiles and takes a long lick, his wolf completely in control, showing characteristics of a feral wolf in the wild. He is Alpha, and for once he is in control. A tall handsome man with long brown hair leads Ric out and to the exit, scared I run. As I fly down the hall I here harsh voices and take a peek into an open room it's the man that made the announcement and Embry. "What do you have to say for yourself BOY? Why did you hesitate?" Embry looked bored, "I'm tire father, and I'm tired of killing. I wasn't born a monster it was only you who made me that way, father." "I told you, I'm William to you boy!" He shouts and swings the hot poker from the fire at Embry's face. He cries and sprawls on the floor. He cradles his head in his hand and look truly terrified, for all his inhuman strength, he doesn't have enough to save himself. "You are a disgrace, I saw that pathetic girl you got for a mate, honestly doesn't look no better than for a couple rounds." Embry howls and punches a massive whole in the wall and storms out the room. "And for God's sakes, boy, put a damn shirt you're a man not animal" Nicholas taunts. In his rage Embry continues to growl, he sees me amd I know his wolf's instincts have taken over and he lets out a howl, "MINE!" he shouts making the walls vibrate. He picks me up bridal style and rushes me to his room. I feel safe in his arms even after what I had witnessed earlier. "I'm sorry you saw that." He whispers when we reach the room, gently placing me on the bed. I stare up at him and I watch as his face cracks and he starts to cry. "I can't imagine the thought of you hurt, I can't live like this, I can't let him live, if it puts you at risk in the slightest." I pull his face into my hands and whisper "Yours." With that invitation he starts to kiss my neck, gliding his finger across my collar bone. His eyes look over my body hungrily, I squirm in embarrassment. I'm not the thinnest girl in my village. I have large hips, thick thighs, and curve to my stomach. I'm so tiny, without legs going for miles I'm often ignored and all the attention unnerves me. I take over the dominance; I sit up pulling Embry into the light. I see all his scars. As I run my hand over and I see the causes, William throwing a knife into Embry's back, burning him with cigars, and throwing rocks at him. Now Embry looks embarrassed, "I'm sorry my body isn't up to…" I put a finger to his lips and counter "You are beautiful Embry, and I will always love you." And with the declaration he howls again kisses his mark and pulls me down into the darkness with him. Later that evening a servant comes to get us, he knocks loudly on the door. "William demands your presence at dinner." We get up in silence, dress, and Embry grabs my hand and pull me into him as we go to the banquet hall. "Don't be frightened." He whispers, "It's still me," and he kisses my temple. We are seated at a long oak table William at one head and Embry at another, I sit closer to him. We sit in silence the whole meal, only William shares his smirks. With a nod of his head Embry signals the waiter to start playing the phonograph, it squeaks to life and Louis Armstrong starts to crone I went down to St James Infirmary, Saw my baby there, Stretched out on a long white table, So cold, so sweet, so fair. Let her go, let her go, God bless her, Wherever she may be, She can look this wide world over, But she'll never find a sweet man like me. As the song plays Embry climbs onto the table, his big black boots crush all the porcelain plates, and he kicks them to the side and starts to hum along to the music. He stops in front of his petrified father, crouches down and grabs him; he lifts him up and growls, then it turns into a harsh whisper. Then his jaw transforms into canes grabbing his father by the neck and starts shaking him like a rag doll till finally I hear the deafening snap. He drops his father's limp body next to the chair and plops himself down in it and takes a finger full of icing from one of the many cakes and smiles, licking his lips in satisfaction. He ushers me over to him and pulls me into his lap siting like a child. He caresses my face and holds me closer and pulls me closer in his chest to his heart. "It's good to be king." He whispers into my hair taking in my lilac scent. "Yes, ALPHA." We kiss and laugh mockingly at the "curse" that falls on young lovers. As the moon gets higher in the sky smiling down on all of us. Be careful of the curse that falls on young lovers Starts so soft and sweet and turns them to hunters A man who's pure of heart and says his prayers by night May still become a wolf when the autumn moon is bright