saw him smile at Edward. I saw Edward smile and look away also. That made me curious. The dinner was really good and it made my hunger go away that I didn't realize was there. Esme tapped me on the shoulder and I looked up to see what it was she wanted. "We needed to find you a place to sleep so we decided to have you sleep in Edward's room." She said trying to pronounce her words so I could read them which only made it harder but I could hear her so it was easier but this time I wasn't so sure I understood her. I said, 'come again' in sign language and she said it again and my mouth hung open and the whole family looked at my reaction and me and started laughing. I looked up at Edward who had the same look on his face. And for once in a long time I heard myself laughing. Everyone who had been laughing stopped and stared at me shocked that I was laughing. Shit I'm going to blow my cover! I looked down and blushed as I stopped laughing. Edward tilted my chin with his fingers so that I was looking at him. "You don't need to be embarrassed from laughing, everyone does it," He said and I once again grew red and turned my face away. I looked up at Esme who was watching me with curious eyes. "I hope you don't mind sleeping in his room Bella," Esme said and I said I don't mind in sign language and she nodded her head. Out of nowhere the pixie girl I believed was named Alice, laughed and I saw everyone's head look at her so I followed their gaze trying to play the part of being deaf. I found it extremely harder than I would've thought. She shrugged her shoulders when everyone gave her questioning eyes. She just looked at me then Edward and burst out laughing. I shrugged my shoulders and signed to Esme if I could put my plate in the sink and she nodded her head yes. I grabbed my plate and scooted back in my chair making a high pitched noise which I jumped at and got up to run my plate underwater. Edward, Alice, and Esme were close behind me. Esme told me that she would show me to Edward's room and I followed her. I heard Alice and Edward arguing behind me about who was allowed to go to Edward's room with me. Edward finally gave up and let Alice come with. Esme walked backwards so I could read her lips. "Here's Edward's room," she said, opening the door and walking in. "You can sleep on the bed if you want, I really don't care. It's up to you and Edward," she turned towards Edward. "You know sign language right?" She asked. "Yeah, I had to learn it about 5 years ago." "Right. Ok well I guess I'll leave you guys to sleep, you both need your rest. Goodnight Bella," She said to me. "Behave Edward," She said to him and I snickered. Esme and Alice left the room and I started laughing out loud. "You think that's funny?" Edward said when I looked up at him. I nodded and went to get my clothes I would change into for bed out of my suitcase beside Edward's dresser. I heard Edward talking to himself about how everyone in the house thought everything he did was funny and I had to bite my bottom lip to keep from laughing. A thought hit me and I had to bite my lip harder to keep from bursting out laughing and rolling on the floor. I headed into the bathroom. .:. EPOV .:. Bella was in the shower, rushing myself, I changed into flannel pants and a blue muscle shirt. I lay on the bed with my hand behind my head. Emmett was acting rather strange, and Rose and Alice were singing some Italian song. The restroom door opened and Bella came out only covered in a small pick fluffy towel, coming to her mid-thigh. The room was too dark, and I'm really sure she didn't see me sitting on the bed, lustily staring at her perfect body. She was facing me when she slipped on her blue boxers followed by her black shorts. I wanted to move but my body was reacting like a normal teenage boy. She unhooked the towel and ruffled it in her hair. As she tossed the towel on the bed she took her bra and slipped it on, fitting her perfect breasts into each cup. There was a huge bulge forming in my pants, but I couldn't make it go away. Once her shirt was on she grabbed the towel and took it into the bathroom. I took that as my cue and ran out the door and down the stairs, straight out of the house; ignoring everyone's calls. I just witnessed an angel naked and changing in front of me. The pain in my jeans was slowly easing away, clearing my mind from every rude thought I should not have. When she had bent over I couldn't believe it. "Bloody Hell," my English accent slipped out. I couldn't believe what just happened and her body was amazing. I couldn't stand being this far away from her. I felt a pressure in my jeans and I needed to change into less fitting pants that had more room. I walked back home and up to my room. Opening my bedroom door, Bella was already asleep; breathing lightly. I eased my way under the covers and pretended to sleep. Not minutes later, she rolled over and placed her leg between mine and her arms around my waist. I could feel her warm breath on my neck and the aching bulge started forming again. This was going to be a long night. Hope you enjoyed it. I hope you review soon!