told Bella and made my way over to them. "Edward, your supposed to stay with me." she said grabbing on to my arm. "I promise to be right back, I'm right over there." I said pulling her arms off of me. When they didn't budge, I sighed and looked at her with frustration. "Bella stop being a scardy cat, I'm right there!" I said, pointing to Tanya and some of her friends. "Fine." Bella said, finally moving her arms. I moved through the water and stopped when I reached Tanya. "Hey Tanya," I said as I came and stood in front of her. "Hey, cutie." she said smiling. I looked at her and smirked. "You know it," I said, trying to be cool. "So what's up with you and ugly betty over there?" she asked, looking over my shoulder and straight at Bella. She was standing there and poking at her floaters. I frowned when Tanya called Bella ugly Betty. Even though I didn't want any one to know, I still cared for her, , but I didn't say anything. "What do you mean?" I asked, confused. "I mean, are you two dating or something?" she questioned, looking straight at me. "No, our parents are like best friends so by default were kinda stuck together." I said, smiling. She smiled even more and came closer to me. She brought her hands and went through my hair. My smile even turned bigger. "So how old is she?" Tanya's friend asked. "Um, I'm a year bigger then her, I'm 13 and she's like 12. Why do want to know?" I asked, confused as to why they would ask her age. "Because, I thought she was 12 but I never saw a 12 year old with floaters before so I was just making sure." she said. I frowned and looked at her. "Well… yeah, Bella doesn't like to swim, I'm actually making her learn." I said. "Well, join us. We were going to play Marco Poolo," Tanya said as she rubbed my arm. I smirked at her. Before I could even answer her, I heard my name being yelled. I turned around and saw that Bella wasn't there. Panic consumed me as I swam as fast as I could to where I left Bella, but couldn't see her. All I saw were her floaters on top of the water. "Bella?" I screamed, but I couldn't see her anywhere. I went as far as I could underwater but I still couldn't see her. "AUNTY RENEE, UNCLE CHARLIE!" I yelled as loud as I could. They ran over and I started to have a panic attack. "Bella's not here, she's gone somewhere under the water." I screamed. I picked up her floaters and held them up to see. They both gasped and Charlie jumped in the water with all his clothes and shoes on, going immediately under water. I got out of the water and started to shake and hyperventilate with tears coming down my eyes. What if something happened to her, what I never see her again? It would be my fault! A couple of second later, Charlie resurfaced with Bella in his arms. He brought her out of the water and lay her down and started to pump her chest. Please God, help her. I kept on chanting in my head. Luckily, after two pumps Bella woke up, coughing water everywhere. Her mom and dad were the first ones to hug her, but as soon as they moved out of the way, I ran and attached myself to her. "I'm so sorry, Bella, please forgive me; I didn't mean to!" I said holding onto her and crying into her hair. She hugged me back and rubbed my back. "Its okay eddy bear," she said in a whisper. "No, it's not, what if something happened to you?" I said as we got up and started to walk towards the exit. She rolled her eyes at me. "You would be doing exactly what you were doing right know, flirting with those girls." she said, smirking. I sighed, frustrated, she definitely knew how to ruin a moment. End of flash back I was awaken by my dreams by someone yelling in my ears. "Wake up you asshole. Time to come out and play!" I awoke to see Felix and his partner, Demetri, standing in front of me. I felt my hands tumble down to my sides as they unhooked the shackles to my feet and the ones that were attached to the walls, but kept the one on my wrist on. "Where are we going?" I asked. I kept limping because there was no flow of blood in my feet and each step I felt like needles pinching me. "Someone wants to see you." Demetri said, smirking at me. What I would do to wipe that smirk off his face right know. "Who the fuck would that be?" I asked sarcastically. Before I could even move another step Felix kicked my calves and I went flying and landing on my stomach and face because I couldn't catch my fall due to the shackles that were on my wrist. "You don't fucking talk until I tell you to!" Felix hissed at me. He pulled me up by my hair and I hissed at the pain. There was blood on my lip because I could taste it, and I definitely knew that I just added another bruise to the hall of pain on my body. "Does it feel good, Cullen?" Demetri asked as we started to head up the stairs. I wanted to say so many things but I controlled my self and instead focused on where I was going. We climb two more flights of stairs until we reached a room. They stopped in front of the room and Felix pushed me against the door roughly. Demetri opened the door and I hesitantly walked in. I walked in and my heart stopped. Fuck, this can't be happening