couldn't have said it any better, Edward. You've made an otherwise terrible situation so much the better. Despite our moments of awkwardness, you exceeded all my expectations. How's that?" I ask playfully. He gives my nose an impish kiss, something I hadn't been expecting. Laughingly, I push him away and pretend to wipe my offended nose. "May we do this again, Rosalie?" Edward asks me timidly. Funny, considering, he just kissed my nose, an almost stranger. He is just a bag of anomalies. I find myself so intrigued by this beguiling man. "I think we can arrange it. And this time without my brother's interference." He laughs low in his chest, making the sound so deep, so fascinating. As a taxi goes by, I lift my hand to hail it. Like clockwork, it stops with a screech, waiting for me to get in. Edward's index finger lifts once more and traces the apples of my cheek, both left and right. I'm overcome. His touch is intimate, yet so innocent. Simply intriguing, he is. He drops his hand, leaving it to rest at his side. I want to touch him in kind, but stop myself. I fear I'd never stop if I do. "You were an experience, Rosalie Hale. An exquisite one." I bit my lip, trying to stop myself from whimpering out loud. I can only nod my head as he opens the door to the taxi and helps me in. On someone else, it would have been corny, but he made it look as if it was a natural extension of his persona. Edward reminds me of old-world gentlemen, black-and-white movie romance, a time long forgotten. Before he shuts the door, he hands me a thick card. I see his name and number printed neatly on it. "Anytime," he whispers. And I know what he means. It is something I plan on doing, no matter how overwhelmed or breathless he leaves me. "Edward," I say before the door closes. He gives me a sweet, inquiring look. "Thanks. For everything." "Welcome, love …" And with that, the door shuts and the taxi takes off. "Where to, miss?" The driver asks. I place my hands over my squirmy tummy, "to happiness" … As the driver gives me an irritated look, I give him my correct address. All the while, Edward plays enchantingly through my head. . . I don't knock as I all but saunter into his office. It's not like this is the first time. He'd probably expected this of me. And if he didn't, well I must be doing something wrong. But regardless, his TA is yelling at me as I pull his door open and take him in. His shoulders are hunched with his hands balled up supporting his head as he leans over his desk, reading what I can only imagine is school work or some research for his thesis statement. My brother is quite the nerd. And an adorable one at that. Making sure my face looks stern, I slam the door behind me, successfully stopping the screeching of his new TA Groupie. "Rose," he says, looking up distractedly, all but glassy-eyed: Enter Rosalie Hale. He rubs his hands over his face, trying to wipe away some of his sleepiness. He must have had a good night last night. "Tired?" I ask saccharinely, letting the honey fall from my tongue. He becomes a little more alert, giving me a slightly confused look. "Oh, my anniversary …" A natural smirk splits his lips as he leans back and connects his hands behind his head. "Yes, it was quite good." He wiggles his eyebrows, all but grossing me out at the implication. I need to leave soon before he goes into detail. My being his sister has never stopped him from oversharing. He knows how much his sex life disgusts me. "How was your evening," he asks, becoming a little distracted as something on his desk catches his eye. PERFECT. With my most haughty persona, I walk closer to his desk, lean over the mess littering it and lay a smack to the side of his head. I had promised myself I'd do that. "What the HELL, Rosie?" he screeches louder than his TA. It's actually quite funny, but I hold in my laughs. It would totally ruin my performance. Without saying anything still, I lean over further, and this time he is warier of my approach, but I let it slide. I cup his cheek in my left hand before laying my lips on his other unshaven cheek. "Rosie," he all but whines. "What's up?" I lean back and swipe my thumbs under his eyes. "Thank you," is all I say. He'll sooner or later figure out both of my gestures. I straighten up, fluff up my blonde locks and turn for the door. "Rose, what's happening … I don't understand. Did something happen last night with you and Edward? Was he a gentleman? Do I need to kick his ass?" he continues to call after me. I don't say anything, just strut my happy ass out of his office, a mega-watt smile on my face. "Rose … Rosie … I'm going to tell Mama you hit me," he whines, trying to get me to react. "Tell her I say Hi." And with that I leave his office with his now quiet TA giving me a fearful look. I feel … Exquisite . . . Author's Notes : It seems like such a long time since I've written anything. This was like opening up a window and airing out a room that had been closed for too long. And though I'm not terribly happy with this one-shot, it was still nice to write something. To dust myself off a little and spread my little creative wings (is that enough clichés for ya … LOL?). If you feel so inclined, I'd love to know what you thought. Leave me a little review. Hope everyone is well. Many hugs.