Phil as I walked to the kitchen to make a sandwich, he gave me the look of pity and I wanted to punch him in the face for it, I didn't need it. After making a turkey salad sandwich and grabbed a can of coke from the fridge, I took it up to my room and sat on my bed where I had also placed the letter and just stared at it. I picked at my home-made turkey club... Come on Bella, be brave...what can she possibly have to say . Great now I'm talking to myself...it cant get much worse than that can it?. I let out a big whoosh of air, ripped the envelope open and pulled out the letter before I even registered what I was doing and started to read. My dearest Isabella Well all I can say is if your reading this letter then you know my time is up. I don't want you to be sad that I'm gone, as you probably guessed I knew it was coming it gave me a chance to prepare and make peace with that. And I did, I was OK with dying. As you read this I'll be with your grandfather and I'll be happy. So you can get out of bed now, because I know that's where you are young lady mopping around. Anyway the real purpose for this letter was to let you know that your special..the chosen one as some might say. You remember all those stories I told you as a little girl?...Yes you remember, I started when you was about 10 yrs old right up until a few weeks before I was gone. And I know you were just humoring me, thinking they were stories from a crazy old fool. They weren't my dear. I know you wont believe me until you see the changes your self and that's OK. Some of the changes wont be that noticeable, but I've noticed and that's why I'm writing you this letter. You have started loosing weight, you might not have noticed but I did, your face is thinner and you have grown taller, not to mention your balance problems have all but disappeared. I don't want you to be scared..next your hair will grow and then stop..if you cut it...it grow right back you will have to keep it tied up at all times, people are bound to notice until you move. I'll get to the moving part in a minute. Your eyes will also change color gradually, they'll go a few shades lighter until the eventually turn gold and your skin will become as hard as a rock. Now when these things happen Isabella its time to move with your father in Forks. I don't care how you get there, what excuse you use...just get there. You are going to be needed..this is your destiny. You remember from the stories about the people I was talking about...their not like us, but cold ones...er.. Vampires in today's terms. I want you to listen to me carefully only trust those with Gold eyes Isabella its important. They will do you no harm, you stay with them and they will keep you safe. You will receive some but not all your powers, they will come gradually maybe 1 or 2 at a time... by the time your 18 you will have them all. You must keep your powers hidden from everyone but the Cullen's, they will help you. You will turn 100% immortal on your 18th birthday, but as far as I know you wont need to feed like the Cullen's do, you may not feed at all. They survive on the blood of animals, which is why they have gold eyes and not red and I this only once...STAY AWAY FROM THE RED EYES ISABELLA UNTIL YOUR 18 AND RECIEVED ALL YOUR POWERS. You will be powerful Isabella I need you to remember all the stories I told you as a child. With great power comeS great responsibility. Remember those words. You have a destiny to fill. I'm not entirely sure what it's about... but you will have trouble with a big powerful coven that could end everything as we know it. as I said before you are the chosen one you must do what must be done. Finally a bit about the Cullen's. You will be mated...you will find your soul mate and it will be instant on your part you'll know as soon as you look at him...but not on his, he will have to contend with his bloodlust...again remember the stories. I believe your mate goes by the name of Edward and he can also read minds...but not yours unless you let him. Alice Cullen can see the future when you let her. (mates with Jasper) Jasper Cullen can change and manipulate emotions...again not your unless you want him too. Emmett Cullen he has nothing but strengh..but you will be stronger. Rosalie Cullen Is very loyal to her family comes across cold. (mates with Emmett) Esmé Cullen is this the mother, does a lot of charity work (mates with Carlisle) Carlisle Cullen, Doctor at local hospital (father ) You will need these people Isabella, they will help you with what needs to be done. I know you wont believe me. Just remember when the changes start to move along... its time to move. They don't know your coming but you must move..you must! That's all I can tell you...The rest is up to you now dear..its vital you remember the stories they will help you along the way and tell you nearly everything you will need to know. I'll be watching over you and I love you with all my heart dear, go and make me proud. The crazy old fool I put the letter on my and bed sat back..then laughed my fucking ass off...she was bat shit crazy for sure! Thanks for reading everyone...Please Review and let me know your thought.