I didn't want anyone to get even more upset by talking about it — but at the same time, I wanted, no needed to know what was wrong with Edward. As far as I knew, vampires didn't get sick. And he wasn't physically hurt, whatever was wrong was from the inside, not damage that could be affected on him. His body was somehow attacking itself. What was wrong with my Edward? Why wasn't anyone telling me anything? Numbly I got into her Porsche, wanting nothing more than to be in Edward's arms. But instead we backed out of the garage — leaving behind one of the most precious things in my life. We sat in silence, I took comfort in knowing I was going to hear Edward's voice soon. Hopefully, we wouldn't even hang up the phone. Not being able to be in his arms, but being able to hear his voice, listen to him sing me to sleep. Having the reminder that he was okay, that he was alive with me throughout the night. "Alice, does Carlisle have idea on what could be wrong with Edward?" There, I finally asked what I've been dying to know. Was I going to like the answer? She turned her head my way, her expression saddened. "No Bella, vampires don't normally get sick this is new to everyone, including Carlisle." Yeah, I wasn't going to like that answer, not one bit. Feeling sadness overcome me, a tear made its way down my cheek. Why did this have to happen to Edward? I had just got him back, was I going to lose him? No, I refuse to think that way, I won't. ' He's going to be fine, Bella, you know that .' A silent voice assured me, yet no comfort was draw from it. What if I got my hopes up only to have them to be crushed? Then what? Nothing else was spoken on the ride back to Charlie's, both of us lost in our own thoughts and worries. Giving Alice a quick hug, making her promise to call me if anything changes; I practically ran inside up to my bedroom. Needing to hear Edward's voice. Thankfully Charlie wasn't home, so I didn't raise any suspicions rushing up to my bedroom without a word — I didn't have time for any small talk. They nagging urge to call Edward was growing by the second, something was wrong, that I knew. Upon getting my phone out of my pocket I got quickly dialed Edwards number. Silently, I hold my breath as the phone — Edward wasn't answering he always answers on the second ring. What was going wrong? Why didn't Alice see anything? "Hello?" Edward grunted into the phone, another spasm was racking his body. "Talk to me, baby, keep my mind off of this, please." He begged me. Talk about what? Not thinking, I blurted the first thing that came to my mind. "Renée wants me to move to Jacksonville." Out of everything I could have said, I said that. Yes, she had been on me, wanting me to move in with her. But I should have come about it a different way, definitely not at this time. He didn't say anything for a while, the only sign that he was still on the phone with his ragged breathing. I waited, not breathing for his reaction. "Do you want to move?" His voice was nothing but a pain filled whisper. "No, when he told me to talk I blurted out the first thing the key to my mind. I'm not going anywhere, not without you." If he wasn't a vampire he would not have heard nothing that I said, I barely understood than myself. "Thank goodness," he chuckled. "Baby this hurts, I can honestly say it's worse than being changed. It's like my body is at war with itself, pushing, pulling, and burning every nerve cell in my body." He was finally letting me in, letting me know just how he was feeling. Leaving me feeling helpless — I couldn't imagine what Carlisle was feeling with him have countless medical degrees — yet, having to watching his firstborn son go through this and not knowing a thing to do to give him the slightest bit of relief. "Is there anything I can do?" I was quick to ask, not knowing anything else to say. "You're going it now, love." I wasn't doing anything, nothing other than feeling utterly, and totally useless. "You've cared." Huh? I smiled, confused. "Everyone cares, Edward. You should know that, I'm not the only one. Is there anything I can do?" I asked again. Laughing a little, "True, but you're different." He explained, even though his explanation done nothing but confuse me farther. "Your my mate, Bella. The way you care for me and about me is different than the others." Oh, now I get it. Have I said how much I loved this vampire? "I love you," I breathed into the phone. He sighed, happily. His mind officially away from all the pain — a job well done for me. "I love you too, more than anything." Edward spasms seemed to get worse as time went on, if that were even possible. I would tell him how much I loved him, how much he means to me until the evil thing was over. We never did hang up that night, I wanted to be able to help him in any way I possibly could. And if just me talking to him — comforting him through all the pain was what he needed, I was going to do just that. a/n so this is going to be a two-shot, maybe three. I don't know when I'll post the other part(s) to it, Healing Over You is my main story right now, but I couldn't think about that story line while writing — this one wouldn't leave me alone. should I continue? constructive criticism appreciated thanks for reading!