quite know what exactly it was that he wanted to do. "Emmett-" "Come, let's do something," Emmett said and pointed with his thumb in the direction of the hallway. Jasper knew that Emmett still didn't have a plan what he wanted to do, and that's why it was better to stay in here. Emmett was spontaneous – and more often than not that was bad and reeked of trouble. "Please, Em, not now." Emmett cocked his head to the side, frowning. "Why?" "I'm busy." That answer did not make his brother go away, but scrunch his face up in confusion. "Busy doing what? Groaning? That's not busy ... that's just stupid." "Actually, I was just about to read," Jasper told him and pointed at the bulky book to his left. "Yeah ... no, seriously. You can read all you want while we're at school," he told him and shook his head. Then suddenly his eyes widened in excitement. "School, by the way, is so funny ... today Edward was -" "Emmett, I really just need a little time to myself. Alice is -" "Ah, I see ... Alice is not putting out, and now you need a little time for ... I understand," he said, then started laughing like a hyena. Jasper rolled his eyes at his seriously immature brother. "No, you genius, I need time to think ," he corrected, making Emmett stop and look at him. "Think about what?" Letting out a sigh, Jasper said, "Alice thinks I should leave the house more often." Maybe talking about it would help ... Clapping his hands together, Emmett exclaimed, "Great, let's go outside!" Then he marched back to the door, joy and excitement radiating off of him. But Jasper did not move. "No, I don't want to." And that put a damper on Emmett's spirits. The smile on his face faltered instantly and his shoulders sacked. "Ever since our last move you are no fun, Jazz." "Does that surprise you?" Jasper asked, almost sounding annoyed while he reached for his book. "We had to move because of me." "So what?" Emmett asked and let himself fall onto the bed, propping his head up on his palm. The force from the impact caused the mattress to bounce, and Jasper cleared his throat when he felt it and saw his brother getting comfortable on his and Alice's bed. "I don't want to let that happen again, Emmett," he said. Emmett, being the sympathetic person that he was, snorted and rolled his eyes. "You drained an old geezer who didn't even have any family left. Geez, that dude was like Ebenezer Scrooge ... who cares? It's no big deal. Life goes on, brother." Life goes on ... while that was true for them, it wasn't true for the old man he had killed. It didn't matter if he had been a horrible person or a loving grandfather - he was dead now. Dead because of him. "First of all, Ebenezer Scrooge had a nephew, and second of all: I'm not sure if you are the right person to talk to about that." "About old people?" Emmett, just pay attention for a change … "No, about killing." "What makes you think that? I am the right person, try me!" Giving him a scrutinizing look, he then let out a sigh. "It isn't as easy as you make it sound it is. I don't want to slip again." "Duh! Then just don't," Emmett replied and shook his head, like he thought his brother was just being silly. It was that easy, after all. "What do you know? You're still a child," Jasper grumbled and heard Emmett laugh. "Come on, let's do something fun," Emmett said, punching his brother's shoulder. "Why don't you go ask Edward?" "I did, but when I tried to give him a Melvin, he told me to flake off. He wants to do his homework ... pff, what a candyass." "Maybe you should do the same?" Jasper suggested. And stop touching other people's underwear? "Nah, homework is a hang-up. I'd rather do something fun!" "Rosalie," Jasper suddenly said and nodded at his bulky brother, who seemed determined to spend the rest of his day bothering him. No, he needed to give him other ideas, as quickly as possible. "She went shopping with Esme and Alice ... said something about new Go-Go boots," he wriggled his eyebrows, then winked. "I'm a lucky man, my wife's a fox." Oooh ... bummer. Jasper quickly thought about who else could be in the house and entertain his brother until Rose would come back home. "Carlisle?" "No way, Jose," Emmett said and shook his head with a panicky look on his face. Then he scooted closer to Jasper and whispered, "I heard Esme telling him that someone would need to mow the lawn. He'll do it himself as long as we aren't stupid enough to go looking for him. We cannot let him see us." Oh no ... Even though Jasper didn't have much to do while being at home and he was bored most of the time, he wasn't desperate enough to volunteer doing yard work. He absolutely detested yard work - and apparently he wasn't the only one. When he heard faint footsteps heading up the stairs, Jasper glanced at the door, then back at his brother. "Ehm, Em ... what if he comes looking for us ?" Emmett's eyes widened when he realised that he hadn't thought about that. "Window?" Jasper asked quickly and got up from the bed. Leaving the house suddenly sounded like a great idea - they could go on a hunt for a few hours or just wait in the forest until Carlisle would be done with the lawn. "You bet." Surprise, we are in the mid-sixties! Hope you are okay with that :-) We'll have a little more action in the next chapter, this was just the introduction. What else? Ah - I'd love to know what you think!