as excited as I was. They would do anything for this girl and that spoke volumes about who she was. They had friends in school, sure, but I had never seen them as close to someone as they were to Bella. She blended in with us seamlessly and I suspected she was the glue that held everyone together. She took one look at my sisters and spun around to face me. "What did you do?" "Who me?" I tried to look innocent, but I couldn't help the huge grin that spread across my face. "Have a seat, baby." As Bella was suspiciously side eyeing me, Alice darted over to the tree and grabbed a gift. "Merry Christmas, Bella! This is from me." "Wait, what? Alice, no. You gave me a present. I don't need another one." "It's not another one. It's the right one. I returned the makeup, and Edward thought you might like this more." Bella slowly began to unwrap the package and started laughing when she realized it was a collection of John Hughes movies. She looked over at me and I put my hand up in the bull sign and smirked at her. "Alice, this is perfect. I love it. Thank you." "Yay! This one is from Jasper." She quickly tore the paper and cackled loudly at the assortment of bath sponges and washes. Alice and I high fived each other. Jasper and Emmett had to work, but we called them that afternoon to let them in on our plan. I thought we'd have to do more convincing, but Jasper happily gave his blessing to the gift we thought of for him to give Bella. Next, Rose handed Bella a box a little bigger than you would put a bracelet in. Inside, Bella found a beautiful leather passport holder. "Rose, this is too much." "Pfffffft… after Christmas sales, bitch. My only condition is I get to go with you when you use it," Rose said with a huge smile. "And this is from Emmett." She handed Bella an envelope. "He remembered when you got stuck in San Francisco all day with a delayed flight. This way you have somewhere to hang out if it ever happens again." Bella pulled the piece of paper out of the envelope and had a huge smile when she saw it was a day pass to the United club. "Awesome! I can eat my weight in cheese while I wait for my plane!" Rose started laughing. "He said the exact same thing!" "OK, last but not least, this is from your mom. She, uh, just doesn't know it yet," I said as I handed a Barnes and Noble gift card to Bella. "What? How? I mean, this is fantastic, but what do you mean?" "I was wandering around the bookstore while I was waiting for these two and I overheard some teenager bitching about the gift card she got for Christmas. Because, like, who would think she would, like, read for fun. Like. I may have missed a few likes, but you get the idea. So I traded with her." "Edward Cullen. Reducing America's IQ one teenager at a time. I'm so proud," she said with a smirk. She took a moment and looked at the gifts in front of her and her smirk faded into a soft smile. "Thank you, guys. I just… I can't tell you what this means to me. This is the best Christmas ever." She walked over and hugged Alice and Rose. "I love you two so much. You didn't have to do this. I had a moment, that's all it was. You really really didn't have to do this." "Ah B, we love you too. We hope you know that. And that we don't expect you to be anything other than you. We don't want you to be anything other than you," Alice said, her voice wobbling a little. "Girlie, we don't want you to change at all. We know we didn't have to do this. You're ours though and we take care of ours. We'll always take care of you the way you have always taken care of us. You might have to nudge us at times and tell us when we're being assholes, but we'll always be here, however you need us," Rose said, sniffling slightly. The three of them hugged for a couple of minutes and broke apart, wiping tears from their eyes. After they composed themselves, Bella cocked an eyebrow and said, "Rose? Alice? You may want to leave the room." "Huh?" Alice asked. Rose looked between Bella and me and started laughing and dragged Alice out of the room with her. "Love you, Rose!" I yelled after them as Bella stalked towards me and straddled my lap. "Edward," she said with eyes shining. "Thank you." She leaned down and captured my lips with hers, kissing me hard. We sat there on the couch, making out like teenagers with the Christmas lights twinkling in the background. I heard Rose snort out a laugh. "See, Alice? I told you to listen to Bella. They definitely didn't need any mistletoe." I chuckled against Bella's mouth, but didn't stop kissing her. And as I would tell our family for years to come as we recounted the tale of how we fell in love, it truly was the best Christmas ever. I scrambled to get this done and am lucky to have friends who were ready and willing to jump in to save my ass. Massive thanks to Dolly and Planetblue for prereading (and not making me cry). There are no words for how much I adore and value Carrie ZM and I'm lucky she's willing to take her red pen to my stuff (especially when it was in such sorry shape this time). Please go check out the other amazing entries from the Mistletoe Contest! Some amazing writers submitted stories and I continue to be blown away by the amount of talent in this fandom.