be right back. He had something come up with the Rez." Dad gasped and sat down, "Victoria?" I just stared. What else could I do? I sat down slowly, keeping my eyes on him curiously. He sighed and shrugged in surrender. "I know, Bells. I won't lecture you on your first is over, thank god. Jacob is a good man and a good leader. He will take care of you always, even when I am dead and gone. Just wait awhile before going and making me a papa." He chuckled at the thought and then walked over to pull me up in a hug. Tears were in his eyes. "I am so happy you are okay, Bells." "Dad, how long?" "The basics, for forever. Your involvement? Well, when it happened. I couldn't say anything now, could I? I was able to vent to Billy. I watched with him knowingly as Jacob began his change, as he imprinted and as you came out of the grasps of the Cullens and accepted the imprint. I know what that bite mark on your arm is from and why the redhead is after you. I only wish I could help when they tear her apart for trying to hurt my daughter." "I'm sorry to put you through so much and not telling you." "I know you couldn't. It's fine. Now lets have some dinner and quality time together." "Who is watching the house?" Dad chuckled, "Leah. She is quite a spunky kid. She likes you, you know. You have some good friends there." This made me smile. I hated hiding so much from Charlie. Now we could talk openly about it all. Jacob and I had his blessing and he knew what all the aspects of the relationship entailed. We were able to bypass the awkwardness and just talk. I was happy, he could see that and that made him the happiest dad in the world. I left the truck parked at a hotel just outside the Rez and made my way as a wolf to where the boys were. As Bella warned, she was very fast and cunning. But there were more of us. We would eventually get her. I kept my wayward thoughts at bay until a more appropriate time. I was grateful that I was Alpha and that particular advantage. Paul and Quil were at my flank while Embry and Jared were on the other side. We had her surrounded, making countermoves to her every move. She was trapped. Sam was at the rez on guard and Leah at Charlie and Bella's. Most of the night was like this. We were weary, but we knew Victoria would be getting thirsty and sloppy soon. I could sense that we were getting close to Leah which made me anxious. But my wolf would protect her. We all would protect the chief and his daughter at all costs. Suddenly within fifty yards of the house, there stood an unfamiliar face. Red eyes and cold,pale skin. He was glaring at Victoria. She snarled and he shook his head. She went frantic. Apparently for some reason he was on our side, well at least where she was concerned. Victoria turned and leapt at us. I kept my wits and aimed my jaws at her head as Leah and Paul and Quil each took hold of another limb or part of the torso. With a great jerk she was in pieces. I flung the head into the fire the red-eyed one had set. He turned and smiled at me. "Young Alpha, I am Garret. I was a friend of Jasper Hale who now travels with the Cullens." He held out a pendant, "You see this symbol? This is a mark of the power of the Volturi. They are leaders in the vampire world. I am part of their guard. We were concerned of a human knowing of us. But upon my arrival, I learned of the connection to your tribe. Therefore they are protected. Besides, As a favor to the Cullens, the Volturi would leave them alone. That redhead was really after Bella, wasn't she?" "Edward killed her mate." "Aha. Well, I must be going back to Italy. I know I am not wanted here. Good luck and congratulations." With that he turned and left. They rest of the pack approached and turned back to human form so we could all talk. We whooped and hollered, it was over. We had disposed of that threat to our tribe and family. Apparently Charlie and Bella had heard us and came running outside. My heart just about leapt out of my chest when Bella came sprinting right into my arms, fiercely attacking my mouth with her lips and tongue. Relief and desire and pride are what I felt. Someone cleared their throat and I remembered where we were. "Boys, Bella has accepted the imprint." Leah chimes in, "and Charlie knows everything already. Actually before any of us were born." "Thanks for making me feel so old, Leah. Anyway boys, I want to thank you all for protecting me and my baby girl." He gazed in the fire, now able to see what what left of her. It was a sort of closure for him. "We know, Charlie." I pat his shoulder. "You," he stressed, "will call me dad from now on. Now lets go celebrate. We indeed had a lot to celebrate. Bella and Charlie were made members of the tribe and Bella was announced officially as my imprint and the elders blessed our union. We were given a house of our own on the Rez. The tribe rejoiced in the destruction of Victoria. Upon returning to the house to drop off Charlie, we found a note: Happy for you. You will always be a sister to me. If you ever need anything, you'll know where I am. Good luck. J, good job with Red. We are content that Bella is loved, that she is safe and sound. -J.H.