"It still doesn't feel real," he replied. "One hundred years. It feels both too short and too long. So much has happened and yet not enough." I closed my eyes briefly. "Imagine if we had been even a tenth as wise then as we are now. So much could have been avoided." "We have Nessie," he offered. " You have Nessie," I countered gently. He shuffled closed and said, "Nessie is yours and mine, Rosalie. You saw to it that she was brought into this world. You gave her to me. She is ours, as much as she is...anyone else's. Anything good in this life comes from you." I did not correct him. "And vice versa, my darling." The time was growing near for us to commence the process of returning to reality and we both knew it. I wanted to ignore it and pretend it wasn't really happening. It wasn't enough time, nowhere near enough time. It felt as though we were only just at the start of our time together. There had to be a last time. The knowledge made me want to cry. We had everything ready to leave and meet Jasper in an hour. My hands were shaking badly as I fumbled with the few remaining objects we needed. Edward took my hands in his and held them, leaning his face to mine. "We won't leave it this long again," he promised me fervently. "I swear it, we can work something out, somehow." It wasn't enough. It would simply never be enough, no matter how much we tried. It was getting harder and harder as time wore on to say goodbye and return to obligations and lies. He read the thought and it evoked his own, very similar pain in answer. "I know, Rosalie. I know. We can be strong, we can do this. We have always done it." "Another hundred years of this?" I asked tightly. "It's too much." "We can endure," he whispered, running a hand through my hair. "You and I can withstand anything." I nodded blindly, wanting to reassure him but I was breaking apart. He kissed me and took my purse from my fingers, throwing it on the floor. I let him pull me closer, returning his kiss with bittersweet desperation. "We have time," I gasped, circling my arms around his neck. "Time enough for a last time." This time details did matter. Every patch of his skin that I kissed or touched, I tried to memorise and store away. Each sound he made, each movement, each individual kiss. It was precious to us both, this last time together before a vast period of abstinence and denial. One big breath before being submerged under water. We removed only what clothing was necessary, so as to give us more time together. I sat on his lap as he knelt on the floor and only once he was inside me did I start to cry. He was crying too, but not as a human would. It was rare that our bodies would produce tears and this was not one of those times. Instead we cried as we groaned and gasped, pleasure and torment, happiness and creeping sadness intertwined as we took what comfort we could while time permitted it. I kept my forehead to his the entire time, losing myself in his mind and he in mine. I wanted to lose myself in him, caring nothing for consequences or vile obligations. There were noises, but I was unsure if I was making them or he was. It was hard to tell, for how deep I was inside his mind. 'Stay inside me, ' I begged him. 'Never leave me, so empty when you're not inside me.' 'Nothing outside of you,' he sang in my mind. 'You are everything.' I didn't want it to end, but I could feel it coming. I buried myself into his mouth, wanting to fuse us together permanently. The pleasure was building and building, hot and sweet and ready to burst throughout our bodies and echo through our singular mind. There was no delaying it, no stopping it. There were so many noises, Edward's cries the sweetest among them. Mine were loud too as I fell over the edge with him, tumbling through layers of bliss and rapture. We shared in some strange kind of mutual orgasm, brought about through our connection. It resonated deeply within us both, stealing my ability to breath, hear or even think. As the shock waves dissipated slowly from us and the world began to focus once more, I could only marvel at the beautiful creature before me. If love was the word for it, then I would have screamed it until my throat gave out, but it wasn't. Perhaps a word that had not been coined yet. We had the time to wait and see if it ever would be. He stroked my face with a trembling hand. "Not time," he breathed. "Love or..." He paused, seeming caught off guard and somewhat confused. His mind had detected something all of a sudden as our senses were returning to us slowly. I looked over to where my bag was on the floor. My phone was vibrating insistently. We hadn't heard it, of course. But that was not what his mind had sensed. It was then, while he was still inside me and I on his lap, that I caught sight of movement over Edward's shoulder, near the door. The world shattered and broke. Emmett was standing there in the doorway. Author's Notes: So, let's all get ready for the next part, which will be added soon. I won't stay too much here, because it's late and I'm off to start the next piece. I hope this was worth the wait, or at least entertaining. Review because I love you all and would DIE to hear from you guys. Apologies for mistakes and y'know, if this has defiled your BP Canon. Bex x x x