words he pulled at my neckline, which was just loose enough to reveal one side of my bra. "So much better than I even imagined," he groaned, licking his lips. His eyes darted from my hard nipple to my face. "Do you understand now, Bella? Do you think I'm a gentleman now that you know I've been jerking off to fantasies of you exposed to me like this?" "I think so," I stuttered. Edward smirked and brought his head down to my breast, sucking gently on my nipple. "God, yes," I moaned, my head falling backward as the coil inside me started to build. "That's not my name, baby girl," Edward admonished, pinching my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "Tell me who you've been thinking of in your lonely bed," he urged. "Have you been aching for my, Bella?" "Yes, Edward, yes." "Do you ever touch yourself, love?" he asked, still holding me against the wall of the empty room. My breaths were beginning to echo into the empty space. I nodded. "Mmmmm…" Edward hummed as if considering the molding, while his hand moved from my breast to slide under my skirt, gently tickling my inner thighs as they moved higher. "I've imagined that, but no matter how tempting the thought of you touching yourself may be, I bet it's nothing compared to how wet you are for me right now." As his fingers reached my quivering pussy, I knew he found proof of his words. My panties were soaked, and I could feel my walls flutter as he cupped my sex. I expected another smirk, but his jaw clenched tight, as he growled. "So wet…" He pushed the fabric of my panties aside and pressed his thumb against my clit. I reached out to grab his shoulders, unable to stand without his support any longer. "Hold on tight, Baby Girl," he said pulling his head back to take in my face. I could only imagine what I looked like, my mouth hanging open and my eyes glazed as he masterfully worked my body with his magic fingers. "So good," was the best I could manage. Perhaps dirty talk was a skill one earned through experience. "Mine," he called as I clung to him. "Yes," I whimpered. "I'm yours, Edward." "That's it Baby Girl, say my name," he encouraged while he moved his hands over my body in ways I could no longer understand or describe. It felt like his touch was everywhere, and I could feel the tingles building in my stomach. "Oh Edward," I called, "I've wanted you so much." With that admission, the last strings holding me to the earth snapped. I could feel my body arch off the wall, spurned on by his hardness against mine rubbing into me in all the right places as his long fingers circled my hardened nipples. Even as the sensation was no longer trapped within my body, I still saw spots of light as Edward bent down to take my breast in his mouthas his own release came. His bronze head moved slowly up my body, kissing me lightly as he made his way from my breast up my chest. With a groan, he continued kissing up my throat and neck as he smoothed out my skirt. I was still a quivering mess, but dressed again when his lips met my ear. "That's one way a man can show a woman how much he desires her, Bella. However, there are many others. And I intend to show you all of them." "I think you'll find me eager to learn," I whispered in his ear in return. "But just because I'm younger, I hope you don't think I have nothing to show you." Edward pulled back and gave me his best smirk. He took both my hands in his and guided me out of the room. "I'm counting on it," Edward said smiling. When Phil walked me down the aisle toward his handsome son, I couldn't help but remember the day we had both met him. All three of us – my stepfather, my husband-to-be, and me – had been lost in our own grief and doubts. They say you can never truly love someone without opening yourself to the risk of pain. As I kissed Phil's cheek, both of us with tears streaming down our faces, I knew I could still only imagine the pain he had experienced from my mother's death. But, I also knew in the core of my very being, that truly loving someone was worth the risk, even the inevitability, of that hurt. Phil's hand trembled slightly as he took mine and placed it over Edward's, which made me glance anxiously into my stepfather – soon to be father-in-law's face. The green eyes I met had deeper lines around them, but they were no longer dull and full of pain. The grief was still there, of course, but it was mixed with strength. Phil glanced from me to Edward and his mouth pulled up into a crooked smile so similar to the man I was about to marry that it made laugh. My mother and Phil's love story would be remembered, not just by us, but also by the world. So many had read about it the papers and responded to our personal tragedy with generosity that made her memorial foundation a leader in breast cancer research. But, I knew it was more than the charity that brought on Phil's change. Though it would never be the same without my mother, we were a family once again. The three of us, as well as Gran and Carlisle and Esme, who were all looking on with tears of their own. It didn't matter who was related by blood – We were all bound together by love. Gaah, I am such a romantic. Phil has been in a million stories but what did we really know about him? So this was it, my bunny. Thanks for reading.