on the other side. I got out and walked around the house. It was small and very nondescript. I finally made my way to the garage and looked back at the house. It wasn't so far that loud screaming couldn't be heard. I walked inside and saw it was mostly empty. Tools were hanging over the walls and a large work bench was in the front of where a vehicle would go. I saw a door on the side and opened it to reveal the back of the property. I walked back out the front and a car pulled in behind mine. A young woman got out. She was pretty but looked very pissed. "Who the hell are you?" she asked bluntly. "I have permission to be here," I announced, "Do you?" She sneered at me and yelled, "Permission from who?" I didn't want to play games with her so I finally announced who I was and watched anger spread across her face. She turned to storm off so I yelled after her. "Who are you?" She didn't answer so I took a chance and yelled, "Leah?" She turned with a stunned expression so I knew I had it right. I walked over to her and said, "I need to question you and your brother. I can get a court order, but it would be easier if you just agreed to being interviewed." I completely expected her to demand a court order but she crossed her arms and said, "What do you want to know?" I pulled out my small notebook and a pen before asking my questions. She waited patiently. "What made you come by the night you found Jacob's body?" "I wanted to talk to him." "How did you know he was in town?" I pushed. "He stopped by Sam's place when he got back in town and said he would be home for a couple of weeks." "Did you try to call him?" I asked, already knowing the answer from the cell records. "Yes, but he never answered. That was why I stopped by." "And you spoke with Bella?" I asked, and watched for a reaction. "Bella never knew Jake's schedule. I didn't expect to find out from her, but she answered the door and said Jake was out of town." "Did she try to stop you from entering the garage?" "Try to stop me?" she repeated with a chuckle. "No, she didn't try to stop me." I looked her right in the eyes and asked, "Did Jake love Bella?" She shrugged and surprised me by saying, "I guess." I took a couple of minutes to think and then asked, "Why did you need to talk to Jake?" I could tell she was finally rattled but she tried to cover it by looking away and saying, "He mentored my little brother and Seth hadn't seen him in a while." "Was there something going on with Seth?" I pushed. "No," she answered angrily. "He was a kid and Jake hadn't been around. I just wanted him to check in or something." "I'm sure Seth understood Jake was a busy man." She was losing her patience with me and I could tell she was not comfortable talking about her brother. "Look, there aren't a lot of men on the rez with Jake's stature and clout. I wanted Seth to learn all he could from Jake. Of course, we knew he was busy. We took whatever we could get." "We? Did Jake mentor you, too?" She shook her head angrily and then turned and got into her car to drive away. I didn't say anything, because I wanted more information before questioning Seth. I got into my car just as my cell phone rang. I saw it was Alice so I turned off the engine and answered the phone. "Hey," she said quickly, "I just got off the phone with the Swan's. They are not willing to talk. We'll have to subpoena them for a deposition." "I'm in La Push now. I'll see what I can find out from the old lawyer. See where Judge Hale is in the rotation and try to get on her docket." "For what?" Alice asked. "I want a bail hearing." Alice was quiet for a second and then said, "Edward, you think you can get her bail?" "No, but she deserves bail. The evidence against her is nonexistent and she has no record. We're going to fight hard for bail." "Okay. Oh, mom is meeting with Bella tomorrow." A smile broke across my face but I only said, "Good." We hung up and then I started my car and drove to Forks. I went to the office of Earl Knecht. I knew by looking at the man he was smart to change the venue. He looked exhausted and beaten already, and he didn't even try the case. I sat across from him and said, "Bella is innocent." He smiled and gave a slight nod before saying, "Around here that won't mean much." "Why is everyone so quick to accuse her?" "Because everyone loves Charlie, and if he thinks she did it, that is all the evidence local people need." I was stunned and quickly asked, "Why does her own uncle think she did it?" "He looked at his niece and all he saw was his sister. He knows nothing about the girl, but feels she is just an extension of Cheryl." This was information I could work with. I could easily get Charlie to admit his feelings toward his sister and Bella on the stand. I would make it as dramatic as possible so nothing he or Renee said would be taken seriously. "I'm confused by the relationship with Jake. Did he love her?" The large man behind the desk chuckled and then leaned over to say softly. "He didn't give a rat's ass about her. She was his property, and nothing more." In that moment, I was so happy Jacob Black was dead.