well, his wishes were for you to remain here with the Cullens. Though, legally, on paper, your guardian would be an, Anne Platt." "That is another name I've gone by in the past, a stóir ," Esme says to me. "Yes, your father was aware of the implications of being under the legal guardianship of the Cullens, so this was the alternative. But, he wished for you to remain in their physical custody." "How do you feel about that, Bella?" "Um, yeah, okay. I mean, yes. I'd like to stay here. You've all been very welcoming to me. I think I would feel at home here. At least eventually." "And we'd love to have you." Esme's warm smile reminds me that not only have I lost my father, but I've also missed out on the love of a mother, as she was also ripped from my life so very long ago. "Well, then, that brings us to the decision of where you'd like to go to school. We would prefer that you not stay at your public school. There isn't enough security there, and Esme and I both prefer that you attend a private facility. We can tour a few over the next few weeks, as we have the advantage of it being summer break. We don't have to make a decision right away. How does that sound?" "That sounds fine, thank you." I try to smile, show them my gratitude for all that they've done for me, but it's lackluster at best. I just don't have any energy left to show any more enthusiasm, and Esme must notice. "Okay, if that's all, gentlemen, I think Bella has had quite a trying day, and I'd like to get her settled into her room for the night." She takes my hand, waiting to be dismissed. "Of course, mo grá . Could you perhaps send the boys in on your way out? I need to speak to them." Esme nods at Carlisle's request, and we're dismissed. Passing the rest of the family on our way to my room, Esme directs the boys to their father's study. As Edward moves by me, his hand brushes mine to get my attention, causing me to look up at him. "You feeling better now?" He seems genuinely concerned, which makes the decision to stay here with this family seem like the right one. "A little. I just need to go to bed, and hope that tomorrow's a better day." He nods, seemingly satisfied with my answer. "And, um, thank you...for earlier." I feel awkward talking to him; the boy I used to know barely recognizable, only the shadow of him left in his eyes. "Anytime, Bella. You're family now, and family is always there for each other." "Thanks." "Come along, now, Bella." Esme has already moved down the hall, waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs that lead to the bedrooms. Moving my feet along, she quickly leads me to my room. Many of my things have already been unpacked, and it makes the space feel more like my own. "Now, I know I've already told you, but remember, our room is just at the end of the hallway. If you need anything at all, don't hesitate to ask. If there's an emergency, we're nearby." "I will." I attempt another smile, but it falls flat, and it's quickly replaced with tears; the weight of the day finally crashing down on me. "Oh, Bella." Esme rushes to my side, holding me while I allow myself one last breakdown for the day. "We'll help you through this, a leanbh . Anything you need, we're here for you. Even if all you need is time. You're so strong; I just know you'll get through this." "Thank you," I rasp as the tears come to an end. I wipe my sniffles on a tissue from the box in the room. "There is no thanks needed, sweet girl. Your father was like family to us, and by extension, so are you. We'll get through this together." Later that night, as I'm curled into my blankets, I notice someone had unpacked my music box and placed it at my bedside. Reaching out, I turn the crank, and put it back on the nightstand as the soothing sounds of An Irish Lullaby help me drift off to sleep. A/N: Please keep in mind that as we begin, Bella is sixteen, and Edward is twenty-two. For many reasons, it will be a while before they are together. It's possible that some of the original content of the one shot will be changed or tweaked to fit the expanded story, so if you've read that, please keep an open mind. This story will contain mature themes, including implied sexual assault, though not written in detail, and at times, graphic violence. I'll be sure to list any warnings when needed. My plan is to post weekly, but I only have six more chapters pre-written, plus the content of the one shot. I get nervous when I don't have more than that in the bank, so we'll see how it goes. Since FFN is difficult with links, I've shared the link to the YouTube video of the lullaby in my Facebook group, Sunshine Fics. It's absolutely beautiful! Hope you have a few minutes to watch it! A giant thank you to Fyrebyrd, for not only pre-reading, but helping me brainstorm this monster. Thanks to Gabby1017, Life and Death's Lullabies, and my favorite BIL, TheMetroDad for pre-reading, and to SunflowerFran for being my beta once again! Couldn't do this without you lovely ladies and gent! Leave me a review and let me know what you think! Thanks for reading! * a leanbh (uh LAN-uv); my child * a stóir; my dear * álainn; beautiful * mo grá; my love * Anyone willing to give me some tips or advice on the few Gaelic or Irish phrases I'll be using, feel free to drop me a line!