was no longer pressed against hers. Whatever had just occurred between them was gone, another moment that passed them by. "I'm going to miss the beach." Edward picked up a stone and threw it into the ocean. "You're going to be living on an island," Bella replied. "The Hudson River's a little different than the Pacific Ocean, Swan." "Yeah, but think of everything you'll see there. Everything you'll be able to do." "There's lots to do in Seattle, too. You'll like it there." "And you'll like New York." Bella stretched out her legs, her heels digging into the damp sand. "This summer went by so fast." "That's because you spent the whole thing running away from Jessica." Bella snickered. "Very funny." He threw another rock into the water. "It was a good summer," Bella said. "Even when Charlie grounded you for staying out all night?" "Your fault." "Or when you tripped and sprained your ankle playing volleyball at this very beach?" "Your fault. I said I didn't want to play!" "Or when you got caught breaking into the school?" "Hmm. Also your fault." "That one was all you, Swan." "Hardly. Like I'd ever be able to hop that fence by myself." Edward laughed, tossing a stone between his hands. She smiled begrudgingly and lay her head on his shoulder. They sat like that in silence for a while, watching the waves roll in as the sky darkened and the stars came out. Finally, Edward spoke. "Remember your first day in biology when you cut your hand trying to dissect a frog?" He chuckled. "Yeah, and you made out like I was going to die or something. All so you could sit in the nurse's office with me all day and miss class. You were such an ass then." "And I'm not now?" "Well," Bella looked up at him and smiled. "Less of an ass, anyway." Edward kissed the top of her head and sighed, suddenly serious. "What if I hate it? What if I miss home?" Bella knew how hard it was for Edward to admit to doubt and uncertainty. They'd spent the entire summer together. "Thick as thieves" Esme said. And it had been a great summer. But he'd been moodier than normal lately, a little more snippy and quiet. "It's hard to start over, Edward. I know that better than anyone. But it can be good too. There are things I miss about Arizona. The sun, my friends, really good spicy salsa, the way the desert would blossom every spring if we got enough rain. But I'm glad I came to Forks. It was hard sometimes. Getting to know Charlie. Having to make new friends. Leaving my mom. It's different. But different isn't always bad." They sat in silence, the sound of the waves filling in where there were no words. "Besides," Bella added, a few minutes later. "Nothing's permanent, Edward. If you really hate NYU that much you can always come home." "I'm going to miss you." She nuzzled into his shoulder and he wrapped his arm around her. "I'm going to miss you too." "Well, kiddo. I think that's everything," Charlie said, setting down one last box into the crowded dorm room. "Thanks, Charlie." She knew he was anxious to get back on the road. So even though a part of her wanted him to stay, to meet her roommate who hadn't yet arrived, to help her settle in, she knew she should let him get back. She gave him a hug and smiled as he kissed her on the top of her head and said a gruff "Love you, Bells." "Love you too, Charlie." Esme popped her head into the room. "We heading out, Charlie?" "Yeah, we should get going." "Okay. Mind if I have a moment with Bella before we go?" "Sure. I'll be in the car." He gave Bella one last hug. "Be safe, kiddo. Call and check in, okay?" "I will." He stepped out into the hall and Esme entered. She opened one of the many boxes and pulled out a new set of sheets she had helped Bella pick out a week earlier. "It's going to be wonderful Bella," she said, starting to make the bed. Bella silently helped Esme, not trusting herself to speak for fear that the lump in her throat would turn into tears. "Seattle is going to be so good for you. You'll meet new people, experience new things, fall in love, find passion and interests you didn't know you had." The dam didn't hold and fat, hot tears spilled down her cheeks. Esme was at her side in a moment wrapping her into a tight hug. "I'm scared," Bella admitted. It was something she hadn't admitted to anyone, not even Alice or Edward. It was the kind of thing you shared with your mother. Bella had been missing Renee more than usual these past few weeks. Wondering where she was, how she was doing. Wondering how different it would be to get dropped off at college with both parents, her mom making a fuss over the size of the room and getting overly excited about meeting her roommate. In this moment she was glad Esme had insisted on coming to Seattle with Charlie to send Bella off. "I know, sweetheart," Esme said softly, rubbing her hand in soothing circles over Bella's back. Bella opened her mouth to say "I'm going to miss home" but what came out instead was "I'm going to miss him ." Esme didn't need to ask who Bella was talking about. "Oh, sweetie. He'll miss you too. But you'll see each other soon. Edward will be home for Christmas in a few months. That's not so far away." Bella sniffled and pulled away, wiping her nose and eyes on her t-shirt. "I love you, Bella. And I'm so proud of you." Until Esme said the words, Bella hadn't realized they were the words she had been waiting her whole life to hear.