the Cullens to stay here after because I think we could be good friends and I want to get to know you and you me. Those covens that will be staying longer are the Denali coven, the Egyptian coven, the Irish coven, and the British coven. The nomads that will be staying longer are Peter and his wife and the Amazonians. The people from the Cullens is everyone but the one that left me in the woods. Oh and Edward you are not allowed here unless it is by invite if you do come here without one we will kill you for defying my rule. Now I will leave all of you can do what you need to do. Bye have fun. With that I grab Aro's hand and pull him to our room. Bella's transformation As Bella pulled Aro into their room she was kissing him and her hands were trying to pull his clothes off as fast as they could. By the time she got his shirt off he already locked the door and got her out of her dress. When he saw that she had on a black lace bra and matching lace panties he couldn't help but growl at how well they emphasized all of her curves. When she heard him growl she became so wet he growled even more. Aro pushed Bella into the wall and lifted her up by her ass. Bella moaned in pleasure when she felt the fabric covering his dick rub up against her core. Aro please I can't take anymore teasing I need you inside me really badly. Ok my love but I might not be able to control myself once I start I was only holding back because you weren't my wife but now you are so. SHUT THE FUCK UP I NEED YOUR DICK INSIDE ME NOW AND I AM TIRED OF YOU HOLDING BACK GIVE ME ALL YOU GOT BECAUSE OF WHAT I SAW YOU DO TO THAT ASSHOLE MADE ME WANT YOU EVEN MORE THAN I DID BEFORE. SO NOW YOU BETTER FUCK ME INTO NEXT MONTH OR ELSE AND I DO EXPECT YOU TO CHANGE ME AT ONE POINT OR ELSE. When he heard her command him like that he lost control. He ripped off her bra and panties and also ripped off his clothes in need to be free of the constriction they were causing. He tossed Bella onto the bed and before she could react he thrust into with so much force that she came. OH GOD ARO KEEP IT LIKE THAT IT FELT SO GOOD. Oh god anything for you my love just as long as you tell me what to do when you need me it is such a turn on. When you said all those thing it made me rock solid and more just with need for you. Ok as long as you never hold back again it feels so good when you use your strength like that. I guess that's a deal then my love now where were we. Oh yeah this. Oh god love your tight pussy it feels so good. I'm all yours not take me like you never took anyone before. With that Bella and Aro spent the next 3 hours having rough sex that at the end on Aro's last orgasm he bite to turn her. Bella had a smile on her when he bite her. When Aro saw how still his love was he was really worried but then remembered that she wasn't a normal human so her change wouldn't be normal either. Over the next three day Bella never made a noise so when she woke up Aro was so relived. Oh my love you really scared me. You didn't scream or make a noise at all. Oh my love hold on you must be thirsty come with me. When he said that Bella reached up to her throat to where the burning was. I thought I was screaming I mean felt like I was screaming. I know I was screaming because I was screaming for you my raven. I could calm down whenever I heard your voice because I knew you were with me. Oh Aro I didn't even notice the burning in my throat until you mentioned it. Let's go it's really starting to annoy me and I want to hurry so I can have some alone time with you. Now you don't have to hold back like you use to when I was human. Ok my love let's get you feed so we can have some fun shall we. On their way to the dungeon Bella just had to stop and kiss her raven to taste him with her enhanced senses. Oh my god my raven you taste even sweeter than when I was a human. Now let's go so we can finish what I just started. No my love you taste even sweeter then when you were a human. Yes let's hurry to finish what you started. We are so going to be in our room for about two weeks before we start to get sick of each other. Oh my raven I can never get enough of you no matter how much you tried. Now stop talking and take me to get something to eat or no happy ending for you. You know how stubborn I am when I make up my mind. Ok dear let's your teasing isn't really helping with your argument and I know mine isn't helping you either. Yes I know how stubborn you are. When they got to the dungeon Aro was really surprised at how in control Bela was with all the humans around and being a newborn to top it off. Love let your instincts go and feed. Ok love stay here while I feed so that we can rush off into our after. Ok now go feed before I decide to feed off of you to get my thirst done.