loved about Jasper. He always asked me for my permission before touching me or taking me somewhere. There were a few exceptions to those rules, but almost always, he was quite the Southern gentleman of long ago. "Yes please!" It was the simple things that made him happy, which in turn made me happy. It was a good cycle. With my body now warmed up and clean, Jasper wrapped me up in a towel and carried me into the bedroom where he had laid out some pajamas for me on the bed. Drying off, I pulled on the dark green boy shorts and Grinch fuzzy pj bottoms and waffle shirt before padding back into the bathroom and grabbing my hairbrush. Flipping my hair down, I attempted to towel it dry before flipping it back up and picking up a hair tie. Humming along to The Carpenter's 'Merry Christmas Darling' softly playing from the speakers, I handed over my brush into Jasper's waiting hand and crawled onto the big four-poster bed. Having my hair brushed by Jasper was the single most wonderful feeling in the world. As he pulled the bristles through my tangles, his roughened voice softly sang out 'White Christmas', and I pushed out all the love and happiness I felt. "Did you want a braid, baby girl?" Passing back the tie, I nodded. "Please." I fondly remembered Rosalie trying to teach Jasper how to French braid my hair. They were both so exasperated with one another, they had each given up after only five tries! Now, we just stick with the regular plait. Pushing my long braid over my shoulder, Jasper's lips pressed against my shoulder as he pulled me to his chest. We reveled in our bubble for a little while longer until my stomach made itself known. He chuckled and scooped me up, covering my feet with black and green striped fuzzy socks, before taking me down to the kitchen at a human pace. "What would you like to eat, Bella?" I smiled at Esme and shrugged, rubbing my nose against Jasper's neck. "Words, Isabella." Looking up at him, he quirked a brow down at me and I gave a nod, clearing my throat. "Anything is fine, thank you, Esme." She smiled and flitted about the kitchen, whipping something up. Sitting down on the chair, Jasper ran his nose along my neck once more as he cradled me against his chest. "Good girl." Damn that man! I shivered and rubbed my thighs together, a whine building in my throat. With a stern look from Jasper, I turned the whine into a clearing of my throat, and he nodded. In no time, Esme sat a plate of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato bisque soup in front of me, along with a glass of water. "Thanks, mom!" Her face lit up again, causing those warm fuzzies to burst in my chest again, and I decided to share them with Jasper this time. He smiled against my shoulder, and I ate in companionable silence. "Bella! We're going to watch a Christmas movie! Come on!" I laughed at Alice's exuberance, and slid from Jasper's lap to take my dirty dishes to the sink to wash them and load them up into the dishwasher. Taking my hand, he led me into the living room, where the glass coffee table had been moved more towards Edward's piano, and a bunch of pillows and blankets had been arranged on the floor in front of the couch. "We're going to watch Rudolph! Then Frosty the Snowman, The Little Drummer Boy, and Nightmare Before Christmas!" I laughed as Alice pulled me down to the floor with her onto the mounds of pillows and wrapped a blanket around my shoulders to keep away any chill. Jasper popped the first DVD into the player and settled me between his legs as he sat on the couch, his hand petting my hair. Alice and I giggled together on the floor and by the time we got to The Little Drummer Boy, my eyes were at half-mast and I was resting my head against Jasper's leg. "I think it's bedtime, for the human!" Carlisle gave a quiet laugh and I barely registered being picked up from the floor and rushed to bed. Laying me in the middle of the mattress, Jasper turned out the lights and tucked me in. Seeing that it was still bright in the room, I sat up and turned around on the bed, looking out of the window before he could shut the blackout curtains. "Look Jay! It's snowing again!" He laughed softly and crawled up behind me, wrapping his arms round my middle. "That's usually what Forks weather does in December, darlin'." Rolling my eyes, I shook my head and drew a heart through the ice of the window. We sat there for a while, watching the snow fall and collect on the ground. I could see our snowman, and started to laugh. "Hmm?" I leaned back against his chest, still laughing. "We should've given the snowman arms…" Mimicking my earlier eye roll, Jasper dragged me back down and shut the curtain. "Alright darlin'. Bedtime." Too tired to argue, I yawned widely and snuggled into the pillows, sniffling slightly as Jasper flitted about the room, probably changing his clothes into pjs. I smiled when he crawled into bed behind me, pulling me to his chest. I sniffled again, and heard him sigh. "I told ya you were gettin' sick." Sticking my tongue out at him, I snuggled against him. "Well, when I'm all stuffed up and gross in the mornin', you can tell me 'I told you so', okay?" He chuckled and nuzzled the top of my head before kissing me. "Sleep, my Isabella." I rubbed the back of my hand over my eyes and nodded. "Night Jas…Merry Christmas…" His long fingers lightly caressed my arm. "Merry Christmas, Isabella." I drifted off into a peaceful sleep filled with silver bells and sugar plum fairies.