into her hair. She laughed softly into my shirt: this happy, giggly sound that I hadn't heard from her in a long time. "You have no idea how happy I am right now." But then she remembered that she could show me, and the next thing I knew, her hands were on either side of my face and I could see what she meant. Her joy radiated through her fingertips and into my skin, tricking my mind into thinking that her emotions were mine. Her gift is something that takes me by surprise every time. There's no way to describe it. It's amazing though, to experience things the way she does. Everything seems brighter when it's going through her head first. "Oh, shit, " she said suddenly, pulling out of my grasp. "What?" I looked around us for her source of panic. "My dad, Jacob! He's going to kill you." I laughed, although I was fully aware that she wasn't kidding. Edward knew that this was coming. The idea has to have been on his radar, considering Renesmee's seventh birthday was only months ago. I'm not saying it's going to be easy, but he had time to prepare himself for this, so maybe it won't be that bad. "It'll be okay," I promised her, but she didn't look convinced. "I'll handle it." She breathed a laugh, "Good luck with that." She grabbed my hand and began walking us home. Again, something that she'd done a hundred times, but now felt impossibly different. I really wasn't near worried enough about Edward. Maybe it was the aftermath of the kiss, but I was kinda feeling invincible. And it helped that Edward was a slave to his daughter; he ultimately wouldn't forbid anything that she wanted. We walked slowly through the icy January snow, and I continued to feel her happiness. She was still letting me feel it, through her grip on my hand. It didn't compare to mine. Nessie stopped suddenly. "Jacob," She said, drawing my attention to her. She was staring at something off to the right, through the trees. I followed her gaze, but I didn't see whatever she saw. "What?" I asked, and she pulled me forward a foot and then pointed. Then I saw it: a giant spruce tree, lying on its side in the snow. It was snapped at its thick trunk. Before I could say anything, she was headed towards it. It must've been sixty yards away, but she reached it in seconds. "Was this like this when we passed it the first time?" She called back to me. "It must've been," I shrugged. "How do you think this happened?" She murmured, standing back to stare at it. "It's been windy, but that that windy." "It probably died," I suggested, but she shook her head. She went around it to the trunk. "No. It was totally healthy inside." "Maybe the park rangers decided to cut it down for some reason." She shook her head again. "It isn't a clean cut. And when was the last time you saw a park ranger this far out here?" I threw my hands up into the air. "Then I dunno, Ness. Does it matter?" "It's weird , Jake. Three people holding hands couldn't wrap their arms all the way around this tree." She said, and she was right. "Not just anything could have done this." I gave her my last suggestion. "Maybe Emmett was messing around out here. He's nothing if not mindlessly destructive." "Maybe," She looked unconvinced. "Let's go home. I'm so cold I stopped feeling cold." We walked towards the main house and I told her about Seth and this awful date he went on last night, and mid-laugh, she froze. Her smile faded, and she grabbed my hand instinctively. "Jacob," She whispered fiercely. "What? What's wrong?" I watched her intently, and I saw the blood drain from her face. She didn't move. "Do you smell that?" I immediately froze with her and inhaled the cold air. I caught the scent that she did. I untangled my fingers from hers and grabbed her wrist instead, pulling her behind me. There was a vampire, and it was close. Through my teeth, I asked her, "If I told you to run, would you?" "Not unless you were coming with me." She responded, very calmly. I put a finger to my lips and we listened. Everything was so silent you could hear the snowflakes landing. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end. And then, a twig cracked. Our heads snapped to the direction it came from, but we saw nothing. "Jacob," she said, and I could hear the fear in her voice. "I'm going to phase," I told her quietly and slowly. I pulled her gently by her arm, so she was on my right side. "I'll be right behind you." I promised, and she nodded. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of something. Something moved. That was all I needed. " Run ." I hissed into her ear. And bless her , she did. She took off like a bullet, and I let myself go. A flash of heat coursed through my bones, and my human body was gone. AN: Hey, thanks if you read my first chapter of When the Sun Burns Out. It's been a while since I published anything new, but I have good reasoning. This entire story, if your planning to follow along with me and not skip out after just this chapter, is already almost entirely written. Yep, I have almost ten chapters of this story done. So I there's no way I'm going to be putting it on hiatus or taking months to get a new chapter posted. I'm really excited about this story and pretty proud of it. So please, follow and favorite and review and all of those good things if you like what I have here so far. Thank you! Xoxo Vanessa