a doctor, he'd know what to do, but... no. No, no. No. His siblings? Never in his life would he consider calling them and let them see this. So, who else could possibly help them? ... Esme. He awkwardly bent down and fished his phone from his jeans that were still on the ground, then dialled her number. But before he hit the Call button, he hesitated. He couldn't let his mother see him like that, what was he thinking?! "Bella," he said, "we need to do something. Head back to the house. If we're lucky, no one will see us." Her eyes went impossibly wide. "Or... your house?" he suggested, but actually feared what Charlie would do if they'd run into him. They couldn't enter the house through her bedroom window, obviously. She shook her head violently, then scrunched up her face - well, as much as that was possible. The jerky movements hurt her tongue, but made Edward moan loudly. Once he had managed to breathe the wave of pleasure away, he rubbed a hand over his face while wrecking his brain for a way out of this predicament. Thinking straight was exceptionally difficult for him at the moment. "Can you even move? Hop or crawl, can you do that?" She turned to the side as much as she could, then tried to shove her knees through the snow, but Edward realised fairly quickly that it would take ages for them to get somewhere. "How flexible are you? I could throw you over my shoulder and run, we'd be home in a matter of minutes!" Well, if he could even run with a rock hard pecker and a head between his legs. And his idea didn't seem to excite her all that much, because a deep frown appeared on her face. "Dammit, I'm so stupid!" he suddenly cursed and banged his fist against the nearest tree, making it splinter and crack. The shock over the loud noise brought out Bella's flight instinct a few moments later when her mushy brain finally remembered that she even possessed such an instinct, and as she hurried to get up, her tongue ripped off his tip a little before the pain made her wince and stop. The part of her sensitive tongue that wasn't attached to him anymore was starting to bleed, and as she gazed up at her boyfriend, she noticed that his eyes had turned pitch-black. He didn't attack right away, maybe because he was trying to fight it, but as his lips curled back from his teeth, she whimpered and bit down on her tongue to steady it while she tried to rip it off completely. It wouldn't hurt him and she could quickly close her mouth and hope he wouldn't be able to smell the blood anymore. When she felt his sharp teeth dig into her scalp, however, even she realised that it was too late. And when Edward finally snapped out of his bloodlust and looked at the red snow and Bella lying in pieces all over the place, he also realised that it was too late. As he ripped off her pale tongue that was still sticking to him and slowly pulled his jeans up, he started bawling like a baby. With his right foot he shoved snow over his ex-girlfriend, then made his way home, all the while licking his lips and rubbing his red, puffy eyes with his fists. Emmett guffawed, then held up his hand for a high five. Jasper smacked his palm against his brother's and grinned broadly. "Oh, Jazz... don't let Momma hear you tell stories like that!" "It was my turn to tell a story!" Alice complained, then crossed her arms over her chest and pouted. "Sorry, darlin'...," Jasper apologised and pulled her against his chest. "Don't be mad." She giggled. "I'm not. Still, it was my turn." Rosalie bit down on her lip in an attempt to keep a straight face, but the thought of stupid Edward draining clumsy Bella with his pants still around his ankles eventually drew musical laughter from her. She quickly tried to stifle the laughs by covering her mouth with both her hands and pressing her head into the backrest of the couch they were sitting on. She knew her reaction would make dear little Edward even more furious and that made it even harder to stop. "Ssh," Alice warned and held a finger to her lips while her eyes darted over to the stairs again and again. Carlisle and Esme came into view that moment, and the sudden silence and seeing three pairs of wide eyes looking at them made both of them frown. "Everything's all right?" Carlisle queried. "Yeah, couldn't be better," Em replied and pulled his wife up, before he hugged her to himself. She still had her hands over her face, and her shoulders shook. "Is Rosalie crying?" "Nah, she's just... having hiccups." Carlisle blinked at him, but quickly shook the confusion from his head and decided to ignore their odd behaviour. "We just wanted to ask you if-" A loud rumbling from upstairs made Carlisle quiet down, and not even a second later Edward came running down the stairs. "I hate you, I hate all of you !" Esme gasped. "Edward!" "Now, now," Carlisle said lazily – he was used to Edward's daily tantrums by now. "I'm going to Bella's now, don't expect me home anytime soon," he almost growled while his eyes shone with anger. "She's fine, Eddie! But better stay in the house, it's cold outside," Emmett told him and wagged his finger. Edward just flipped him the bird over his shoulder before he disappeared into the garage, slamming the door on his way out. "Did anyone say something that upset him?" Carlisle asked his children, but they only shrugged their shoulders and shook their heads. Jasper, the Southern gentleman, pfft... it really was Alice's turn to tell a story :D Oh well. Thanks for reading guys!