Cope's 'silly boy' was in fact around thirty, and privilege and entitlement seeped out of his every pore, from his handmade shoes and Jermyn Street suit, to his manicured fingernails and his perfectly styled and glossy hair, which he was currently running both hands through. Long limbs and an elegant but athletic physique completed the picture, but it was his face which had almost made her gasp when she'd first caught sight of him. Like Carlisle, his movie star good looks and perfectly chiselled features were completely distracting, but unlike Carlisle, who projected a quiet wisdom and kindliness beneath his sharp eyes and the slyly humorous turn of his mouth, Edward exhibited only arrogance and disdain. His expression, if possible, was currently even more thunderous than before and his arrestingly green eyes were blazing with anger. He might not think she was good enough, but Bella needed this job too much to give up without a fight, so when Edward's eyes finally turned back in her direction, she steadily met his gaze, lifted her chin and waited… -ooo- For a moment, Edward seemed slightly uncertain, as if she'd surprised him. But his expression quickly hardened again and Bella braced herself for the cross-questioning she knew was coming. 'To put things plainly, you're obviously desperate for any job you can get. How can we be sure you won't run off with the family silver, or what's left of it?' A sharp bark of derogatory laughter accompanied this question and Bella tried hard to remain impassive, as Edward's eyes roamed over her charity shop clothes and her pale and undernourished body. 'As you must already know, I do have references. Until my mother's condition suddenly deteriorated at the end of last year, I had a part time job at the local library and I also worked as a waitress.' 'Not exactly a great deal of responsibility, or very time consuming.' Bella didn't feel it was necessary to even dignify that comment with an answer. It should be obvious to any normal person that looking after an ailing relative and working two jobs had been very demanding and absolutely exhausting. Edward continued the attack, 'I won't ask why neither of your former employers has jumped at the opportunity to re-employ you.' He smirked. Bella wasn't going to let that insinuation pass unchallenged, 'Unfortunately the library was a victim of the latest round of council cuts and the café didn't survive last winter's slowdown in customers.' Edward continued as if she hadn't spoken, 'I'm also concerned that after being accustomed to the many diversions and temptations offered by such a large city, someone of your age would soon find our small and isolated community unbearably dull.' Bella almost laughed. What 'temptations' was the idiot referring to? Partying and drunkenness at the least she suspected and crime and drugs at the worst. 'I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm used to a quiet life. I'm afraid my main interest is reading, hence the job in the library, and my current ambition is to complete the English Lit degree I've been studying online.' Bella's face was still serene, but her eyes clearly said, 'Put that in your pipe and smoke it, Asshole.' 'And how old are you exactly?' As if he didn't already know, Edward pretended to look through her application again. 'Oh yes, here we are. You're twenty. Is that correct?' Bella didn't miss the triumphant look Edward gave Carlisle, as if her age settled the whole thing. She sighed, 'I can only repeat that I'm reliable, hardworking and have plenty of experience.' 'But that experience doesn't include any actual qualifications does it, Miss Swan?' Out of patience now, Carlisle sharply interrupted, 'Thank you Edward, I think Miss Swan has put up with enough interrogation for one day.' Edward glared at him. Clearly there were many more questions he wanted to ask. Ignoring Edward completely, Carlisle turned to Bella, 'I'm sorry, my nephew seems to think he's still in court today. I sincerely hope he hasn't put you off coming here. I have a few more applicants to see, but I can promise you an answer by mid morning tomorrow if that's acceptable?' 'Yes perfectly, Mr Cullen. Thank you for considering me. I already love this beautiful part of the world and I hope you find the person that's right for you.' Bella stood and shook hands with Carlisle, then reluctantly turned to leave. Despite Edward Cullen's behaviour, she really did feel she could be happy here, but as she crossed the room, everything she'd rehearsed but hadn't got the chance to say, flitted through her mind and she felt disappointed that after travelling all this way, she'd been denied a chance to make a proper case for herself. Obviously impatient to get her out of the room, Edward strode to the door and held it open, grinning at Bella mockingly as she walked towards him. To her dismay, before she could escape he stepped closer towards her, so that she was forced to either stop or try to squeeze past him to get through the doorway. Edward was so much taller than she was that his physical presence was overpowering in the cramped space. He was so close that she could smell the soap he used, mixed with a faint hint of expensively discreet cologne and her skin prickled when the edge of his jacket made contact with her bare arm. Fuelled by the force of their combined hostility, the air around them seemed to shimmer and vibrate with energy and for a moment Bella was trapped in the green glare of his eyes. Suddenly Edward moved, breaking the tension and almost making Bella jump. His impossibly perfect face loomed over her and his lips skimmed her hair, as he leant in to whisper a parting comment in her ear, 'Nice try, Sweetheart. Now hurry back to where you came from, there's a good girl.' Thanks for reading. See you soon-ish - Sue x