of that have to do with this brutal, violent existence rooted in darkness and death? We said no more then, returning to our quiet enjoyment of each other's company. I waited for rain that never came and when the sun rose, we left that place forever. -Edward- The temporary solace offered by the water came to an end as I sensed the approach of another, but it was a welcome approach nonetheless. Roman sought out Rosalie in the same manner, though with different motives, as Jasper had used to. Their connection was a more than welcome relief for the moments, days and even months when Rose struggled and ultimately failed to cope without her brother. He sat down beside me, removing his shoes and burying his feet in the cool, dry sand. "You still haven't told them." "No," Rose said, slightly untangling herself from our embrace. "We remain in somewhat of a quandary. What would you do? Tell them?" "It's not my place in the slightest," he replied. I couldn't help but smile at his contradiction; not his place to tell them, but it was his place to come and sit beside us during an obviously intimate moment. Roman had few social boundaries and rarely recognised when he was infringing upon one of them. Rosalie never cared and therefore neither did I, save for that one, rather embarrassing time when he'd let himself in using the back door key. Rose swallowed a giggle at the shared memory. "I think we'll tell them. It's too big for us to contain for selfish reasons." "They won't tell anyone else if we request it," I added with confidence. "Until you're certain of the stability of the compound and any after effects, it would be nothing short of reckless to tell anyone, especially the Volturi." Roman hesitated for a moment before asking, "There is no way of knowing with much certainty about long term effects. While I am convinced of the stability in the short term, I can say little as to the potential…downsides in years to come. There is no way of testing it without actually testing it ." Rosalie and I shared a brief glance. I knew how much she wanted this. The downside, as always, lay with the others. What they would think, how it would affect the tentative truce and small steps towards rebuilding trust. "We should tell them tonight," she said softly. "They deserve to know." I disagreed in part, but said nothing of it. "I could tell them," Roman offered sincerely. "It's my discovery after all, it would hardly appear suspicious for me to announce it and that removes you from the equation." If only it were that easy. The moment he told them, all eyes would swivel to us. "It's your choice, of course," Rosalie said. "However, I'm more than fine with telling them myself." "As you prefer," he said. "Well, are you going in the sea?" The moment he suggested it, I felt Rosalie's entire demeanour brighten. She was always drawn to the water, my Rose. "Of course," she said smiling. "Edward?" The request was a vocal courtesy for Roman's sake. She knew wherever she went, I was helpless to follow. Especially if it was in water. With less clothes. "So long as Roman doesn't faint from seeing my astonishingly impressive, oh so manly chest." "It's not that impressive," Roman quipped, stripping off to his boxers without a thought. "I personally prefer Emmett's, or even Jake's." I made an indignant sound, only half joking. "Hey, you! Don't make me do the voice!" Rosalie was already in the water, barely paying attention to our banter. I watched her swim out a good sixty yards, her ripples making the water dance in the moonlight before she went under. There were so many gifts that came with being what we were. Swimming for hours without needing to surface was only one of many that almost outweighed the double edged sword of immortality. Roman's discovery of how to reverse that immortality had changed our perspective forever. The ability to age, change…have children. Rosalie's dream. And although the downsides were endless and somewhat unseen, not least of all dying one day, I knew what she wanted, what she had always wanted. The problem, once again, was that my beautiful Rosalie did not think she deserved it. A/N – This is part one of a two part thing I LITERALLY SWORE NEVER TO DO AGAIN! I love these characters too much. TOO MUCH! Anyway, I started writing this WELL over a year ago and then I got pregnant with what is now the love of my life, my gorgeous baby boy who is ten months old! I am so incredibly beyond happy and of course, that meant no time for writing! I am so sorry to keep everyone who requested this waiting for all eternity. However, I managed to get an hour to myself tonight and so have got this up. Yay! So, there will be a final concluding part of this story (I mean it this time) but I can't say for certain when. Hopefully in the next few weeks. I've already started it so that's a good sign, right? Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed this little piece. This was a big decision for me to even broach the subject of making their immortality POTENTIALLY reversible and it'll be discussed and examined from all aspects in the upcoming chapter so I hope no-one thinks I'm shoving a sugary sweet happily ever after on my King and Queen of Angst. However, I do think this would be the natural progression of their story and science would eventually get to the point of making this discovery. I'd love to hear from you and know if you enjoyed it, as ever. All my love, Bex. X x x P.S -unbeta'd and therefore potentially riddled with mistakes. If I don't post it now something might happen and I'll forget and it'll be doooooomed! xxx