I opened the back very carefully on a distance, expecting dog poo or something equally bad. Instead I found my chocolate doughnut folded into a napkin and a note. I looked to the side, at his car which was still parked beside mine. Then I brought my eyes to the note. Sorry for the way I spoke to you. An innocent joke turned tasteless. Sorry for offending you. I hope your appetite returned. - Edward My lips pursed, remembering my previous words: I don't care about your name. His name was Edward. And after I left the cafeteria, he must've written this note, taken my doughnut and brought it to my car. Then he went back to the hospital and I caught him with that woman... My eyes snapped to his car again as if he stood there, but he didn't. I thought of how I saw him when I arrived here, so I knew which car was his. But how did he know which car was mine? Did he notice me as well? But when? He was in such a rush this morning. He couldn't have seen me, but I couldn't think of another explanation. I reread the note and felt an awful lot of guilt flood inside me. Perhaps this guy was rich and well-wanted among the women. His attempt to buy me stuff and ask my number were not flattering to me. But the doughnut I so badly wanted, placed neatly in a napkin and inside this bag, along with the handwritten apology, followed by placing it on my car - as he somehow knew this car was mine - for whatever reason he thought fit, was very kind. It didn't matter much though. He was still the doctor who left me waiting for his own egocentric reasons. . . . When I arrived in my single room apartment, I changed into thick, comfortable clothes and dropped on the couch in exhaustion. I called Mike and asked him if he would mind it much if I took the entire day off after all. I was lucky that he was friendly enough to accept my question. As the hours passed, I wasn't sure what to do. Despite my frustrations over Mr. Grey, Jake was everywhere inside my head. I decided to look him up on Facebook. It was a weak thing to do, but I had to see if he had made one. He never liked social networks. He never made a Facebook. Each month after the break up I tried to find him, see if maybe he made an account. It had been quite a few months since my last search. It was December now and the last time I tried was in September. It was the day when the university I'd applied to sent me a thin envelope. It said that I'd been on the wait list since June, but unfortunately had no space for me. They wished me luck in my further career. Last September when I saw the rejection letter from the last university that had placed me on the waiting list was even more painful compared to the breakup between Jake and me. Not that I like to complain one event to another, but those were two main things in my life. My boyfriend and a career in medicine. I gasped as I saw a tiny, tiny picture of Jake in the searching bar after I typed his name. I quickly clicked on his profile, but he had put the privacy settings on just friends. I also saw her. His new girlfriend. She was clinging on to him as if she had only just seen him. She clung unto him as if she was afraid of losing him. I knew, because that was the way I'd clung unto him so many times. I wanted to so badly send him a message through the messenger. I just wanted to ask him if he's alright. But maybe he'd think that's stupid, once he saw the message. And worse of all, he'd only hurt me more if he chose to ignore my message and I would be left here, waiting in vain. With tears in my eyes, I went to YouTube and I studied instead with online material. It was what gave me strength, so that's what I'd keep continue doing. It was the right thing to do. I got wait listed and then rejected by the university I wanted to study at. That caused my dream to be crushed into smithereens. I took a job, and decided to take the year off. However, only after a small two months, last November, I found myself again. That feeling came back to me, the one that always guided me toward my dreams. Many times, I was let down, but I still had some strength left to go for it one more time. Since November I was practicing, studying, making notices and writing small pieces of information on post-it notes, so I could stick them to walls and read them over while I was cooking, walking around the room or tossing around in bed. Nobody knew about my plan. I was afraid to tell them. I was afraid they'd laugh at me for trying it again. The previous years I'd failed repeatedly. If I told my friends about this, I would feel a certain pressure that I would have to succeed. If I kept it the way it was now, I felt no pressure to do it for other people. I was doing this all for myself and myself only. Around three o'clock at night, my eyes were no longer able to stay open. I crawled to bed and instant darkness overtook me. I was aware that staying up until late, resulting in little sleep, wasn't a healthy thing to do, but I couldn't remember the last time I slept a decent good night's sleep. It must've been in an era when my parents were both still alive.