rotting or ravaged by animals? Had I not been told something? I snapped a few pictures, got up, and walked away from the scene, pulling out my phone. "Vance," the voice of my boss came from the other end. "It's Swan, sir. Was I given full disclosure? Nothing withheld?" "Yes, everything was sent. Why?" "There are eight victims, but I was only informed of four and two missing. When I called Charlie before leaving, he told me there was another found. I'm at the scene of the sixth." I saw Charlie approaching from where I stood. I motioned for him to stay back. "Eight? I had no idea. Have you asked any questions?" "No, sir. I wanted to check with you first to ensure I was given everything." "I packed each of the boxes myself and sealed them. Were any of the seals broken?" I thought back to when I opened the first box. "No. All were intact. I'd better get to asking questions." "Keep me informed, Swan, especially if you need a team." "I don't need a team, sir, but I will keep you informed." I ended the call and turned back to the scene. I walked over to Charlie, ready to ask him questions. He held up his hand before speaking. "I had no idea there were more victims." "Okay, that answers that question. I need to go over all your homicide case files. I'll start with the oldest first —" I started, only to be cut off. "It can wait until tomorrow," he said, putting his hand on my shoulder. "When is the last time you put yourself first, kiddo? Taken a break from your job? These cases aren't going to get solved overnight. Plus, you have dinner plans with Carlisle." I threw my head back and looked up through the forest canopy at the grey sky. Closing my eyes for a moment, I let myself relax some, but not enough to allow images of Carlie to enter my mind. "You're right, Chief Swan. But I'll want to get an early start tomorrow." "Good. Here." He handed me a key. "It's to the front door." "Charlie," I whispered. "I plan on staying at the base." "Not tonight," he said. "I'm worried about you, and this way I can make sure you sleep." "What did Vance tell you?" "Only that you've been overworking yourself, refusing to take any vacation time, and didn't look like you'd been sleeping." I dropped my head. Sure Vance would tell Charlie. He and Charlie went through the Star Command academy together and were close friends. Even after Charlie retired from Star Command, they'd stayed in touch. "Nightmares," I said, looking up. "We can talk when you get back to the house. I'll have Mike drop off your car," he said. Carlisle was on the phone as we joined him. "I'm bringing someone home for dinner," he said, smiling over at me. He spoke quietly for a moment. "No. I'm not going to tell you who. We should be there in twenty minutes. Love you." He placed the phone back in his pocket before turning to us. "The young woman is being taken to the morgue. I'll send you both a copy of my preliminary findings tomorrow afternoon and a full report by the end of the week." "That's fine," Charlie answered. "If you can get it to us any sooner, it would be appreciated, but no rush." "Bella, are you ready?" Carlisle asked. "I guess. Can we stop by the base so I can change?" "It's part of the plan, Bella." He winked at me before leading me over to his car and opening the car door for me. I slipped inside and buckled up. "How have you been?" he asked after we were about three miles from the crime scene. I didn't respond. I didn't know what to say or what he'd been told. I heard him sigh and was grateful when he didn't ask again. I knew I was in a funk, and that was probably why Vance had sent me here in the first place. A place where he knew I wouldn't be allowed to overwork myself. We were briefly stopped at the gate of the base; he and I both showed passes. I wasn't surprised he still had one, having gained access rights as a doctor. "It'll take me just a few minutes," I said, getting out with him following. "I hope you don't mind." "Not at all," I said, unlocking the door to the quarters I'd been temporarily assigned. My bags were in the front room, exactly where I had left them. I grabbed one and walked out of the room. "Please, have a seat," I called over my shoulder, placing my suitcase on the bed and opening it. "Here, I thought you might need other bags," Carlisle said, entering. I pulled out a pair of skinny, blue jeans and a dark blue sweater that reached mid-thigh, pairing the outfit with a pair of flat knee-high, black boots. I rejoined Carlisle, who was waiting patiently in the living room. "All ready?" he asked, standing. I grabbed my handbag and followed him out. He again opened the car door for me. I smiled at him in what I hoped was a warm way as I slipped in. I was nervous. I didn't really know how I felt about seeing Edward so soon after returning to Forks. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes. I was exhausted and just needed to rest. However, I just couldn't without seeing images of my baby girl. I jumped when the door was opened again. I looked over and saw we were at the house. How? How had I kept the images of Carlie away? I unfastened the safety belt and took hold of Carlisle's hand. A/N: Thanks to all the betas who help me get this chapter solid: AnthroBug, Alice's White Rabbit, Batgirl8968, and jennej. I hope you enjoyed this chapter.