had you calling off the wedding and crying up there." "No. Dad. Listen to me." I stressed. "Something has been nagging at me for a long time, something never felt right but I passed it off as wedding jitters because of how much I didn't want to get married so young. There was definitely something missing from my life. I know Jake has been missing for a while, but when he came back today, to see me before the wedding–" I started. "You didn't want to get married but you were going to….Jake came back today? The boy is alive? Are you sure?" Charlie shot forward, not knowing which topic to concentrate on. I ignored him and kept going. "I realized that it was him. He was what was missing from my life. He was what I had my heart set on without knowing. I realized that my wedding to Edward was not what I wanted anymore. It was Jake. It should have always been Jake." I finished, and Charlie stared at me, his mouth agape. "I couldn't go through with the wedding knowing what I really wanted. I couldn't hurt Edward like that." Charlie floundered for a while, his mouth opening and closing like he couldn't decide on the right thing to say. "Jake's not dead?" He said finally, after a few moments of thinking. "No. He's very much alive." I replied, crossing my arms over my chest. I supposed I should give Charlie a few more minutes before it finally sank in. Charlie sat for a few more minutes in his chair deliberating before he shot forward again. "You left Edward for Jake?!" He cried, grinning from ear to ear. "You better not tell Billy." I growled back at him, shaking my finger. "Not a word until you tell Jake." He made a zipping motion over his mouth, and threw away the invisible key. "You better not. I know how you ladies like to gossip. You shouldn't even be allowed to talk to him. You didn't even lock it." I scolded. "Not one single word until you tell Jacob." Charlie said again, and he sounded excited. "But do it soon." "I'll do it when I'm ready, Dad. I just broke off a wedding." I replied. Charlie couldn't look happier. He had been pushing Jake onto me since I had started dating Edward – no, since I had met Jake. "You broke off a wedding. You left a man at the alter" Charlie thought out loud, looking at me. "I said my goodbyes, Dad. I didn't run off without doing that." I replied. "Of course, I taught my girl to be polite." Charlie's mouth twisted into a half-grin. "That must have been hard for you." I suddenly remembered why I was down here, hunger pains rumbled through my stomach. I gripped my stomach, easing the hunger pains away, and stood up, ignoring Charlie's remark, done with the Edward wedding subject. "What do you want for supper?" I asked, making for the cupboards. Charlie didn't have to worry about not eating right for a while. Rather, I didn't have to worry about Charlie not eating right for a while. "Aw, Bells I'm sorry. I thought you would be out for a while so I just ordered a pizza. That okay?" Never mind not eating right, he was already off to a terrific start. "Dad, eating bad already?" I scolded again, Charlie shrugged, smiling up at me. As I thought more about the pizza, it sounded like a better idea. I was salivating so much I could barely keep it all in my mouth. "Okay, I like the sound of that. When is it going to be here?" As soon as the words left my mouth, the doorbell rang. Charlie slowly got up and answered the door, while I waited impatiently in the kitchen. I heard the door close with Charlie's gruff goodbye and I jumped up to get plates. Charlie set the pizza in the middle of the table and I set a plate at his spot, and the other at mine. I grabbed some paper towel as Charlie opened the box and we both sat down, eating in silence. Because I hadn't eaten for a while due to my nerves, this pizza was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted. It was loaded with the works and extra meat and cheese, just the way Charlie and I liked it. "You're the talk of the town Bella. People are hoping to get a glimpse of the one person to turn down the Cullen's" Charlie said after a while. "Huh?" I asked through a mouthful of food. "The pizza boy, Eric or something was looking around me for you." Charlie replied, staring at his pizza. "I know he's not going to be the last." "That's exactly why I am not leaving the house for a long time." I said, knowing it was going to be true. "When do you think you're going to go down to La Push?" Charlie asked, genuinely interested. He knew he couldn't go down to see Billy without letting something slip. "In a couple weeks maybe, I just want a chance to think about everything." I said. "I'm glad it was you who made the decision. I'm glad he didn't leave you again." A shudder ran through Charlie, and I felt sorry. He was referring to when Edward left me, and I was reduced to a zombie-like state. He was the one to force me to eat, and who helped my night terrors. I hoped he didn't have to go through that again, but I was eternally grateful. It gave Charlie and me a closer relationship. "I hope I'm making the right choice." I answered, and Charlie nodded. Without a doubt he thought I was making the best decision. He had always pushed me towards Jake. We ended the evening by going into the living room and sinking into the furniture, watching television in comfortable silence.