my towel tangles between my feet causing me to trip forward hitting my head against the wall. "Ah, fuck," I curse out. My hand instinctively shots up to my forehead. I'm certain it'll bruise. "Ouch, sorry," he chuckles. I quickly turn around and instantly stiffen. This cannot be happening to me. Edward Cullen stands in front of me with a smirk on his face. "What the fuck are you doing here?" I bellow out. "I was just here…Ow…that actually looks kind of bad," he sounds concerned when he sees my forehead. "No, shit. It hurts," I retort. My head is throbbing. "Are you following me? I'll have you know…." Suddenly a nauseating thought comes to mind. My locker! I can't remember if I secured my locker. I bolt to the locker room leaving him behind him. Once I see the lock I sigh. I'm so relieved my knees weaken forcing me to sit on the bench. "You always have this tendency of charging off?" asks Edward. "You're not supposed to be in here. If you didn't notice this is the girl's locker room. You need to leave now," I stand up feeling the towel drop covering my cold body. "I don't think I've ever had anyone bolt at the mere sight of me. It's really amusing. Tell me your name and I'll leave," he asks nonchalantly. "No, leave now," I point to the exit. Irritation sets in and I find myself infuriated with his antics. Whatever game he's playing I want no part of. "No? Is that all you know what to say or is your name really No?" he's smiling widely at me. "Yes," I stammer out. My head is pounding making it really difficult to concentrate. "Yes to what?" he's smirking at me now. "No…I mean no my name is Isabella yes I won't do your homework," I stammer out. What. The. Fuck. Smooth. Real smooth Swan. I must have hit my head harder than I thought I'm suffering from brain hemorrhage. "What?" he's laughing now, loudly. "What do you mean homework?" "I mean I won't be doing any of your work so don't bother," I reply defensively. "Homework?" now he's laughing so hard one arm holds his side while the other holds himself up against the wall. It's loud even a little crackly I can see his eyes begin to water. Seeing his reaction angers me for making me feel foolish. The longer he laughs the more it feeds my rage. His sinks into the bench the sound of his laughter echoes in the empty locker room. His face reddens and if he had been any closer I would have punched him. "God Bella I don't think I've ever laughed so hard," he states still struggling to compose himself. "Thank you" "If you knew my name this whole time then why even bother asking and if this isn't about school then we have nothing left to say to each other," I open my locker not only dismissing him but to stop myself from actually going over there to slap him. "First off the school consists of about a couple hundred kids. Second, I have classes with you how would I not know your name. Third…. ," he's cut off by sound of the door opening. I gather my shower gear quickly hoping to break away while he's distracted. "Young man you're not supposed to be in here," it's Emily. "Sorry had to bring my girlfriend her phone she forgot it in my car. I'll leave now. Wait for you outside babe," he winks at me as he leaves. "Sorry Bella can't make any exceptions not even for you," Emily says with a sly smile before following Edward. "He's not my boyfriend!" I yell out before the door closes. I'm so angry I end up taking a hot shower and scrub at my skin as though it was to blame. Once I was done and ready to leave I stood by the door unsure of what I should do next. Did he really mean he'd wait for me outside? I didn't want to see him again. I shuffled my feet before deciding I'd open the door slight to see if he was out there. I see him leaning up against the wall he's not close enough to notice me and he's playing with his phone. I close the door and contemplate my options. I could leave through the front door and risk facing him. Nope. I could run out the door and hope he won't follow. Possibly. I could run out the door and scream fire off the top of my lungs. That could work. That would mean causing a huge scene. Em might take it seriously and call the firefighters. She knows where I live and it would probably ruin her night. Wish there was a back exit. I circle the locker room hoping to find another door. Passing the bathroom it hits me. There's a window in there! I make my way to the bathroom and see the large rectangular window. I want to scream for joy but I'm not in the clear yet so I don't. The window is rather high and it's closed. I need something to boost me up so I look around and my eyes rest on the trash can. I'm giddy when I see it's made of metal and not plastic. I take the top off the trash can put it right beneath the window and flip it over hearing the contents within hitting the floor. I struggle with the latch for a few seconds before the night air finally hits my face. I grab by bad and throw it over hearing it land outside. Next I hoist myself over I end up landing on my bottom. I feel victorious managing to elude him twice today. I laugh as I sprint towards my truck. I laugh as I open the door and start my truck. I laugh the whole way home.