thrill in the fact that I was wrapped so tightly around him that I could feel everything that he was wearing and everything that he was feeling. I moaned in pure excitement as I felt him deep within me and, for a brief moment, was afraid that I was making too much noise. But Edward didn't care. After a few minutes of pounding my small frame, he reached for his keys once again and released one of my hands. I took initiative this time and sprang up, causing him to sit up against the seat. I climbed on top of him, feeling braver this time, and with a slight tug at his pants I revealed his bulging thickness. Before I climbed on top of him, I leaned down and took him into my mouth, cleaning off all of our juices. His head instantly lay backwards and he squeezed his eyes shut in delight. I had seen that look only once before and knew that if I went only a little more, that he would climax. I lowered my mouth as far as I could, letting it touch the back of my throat and with a final twist of my tongue, raised my head and positioned my body over his. I lowered myself onto him, letting myself ride. Raising my arms above my head, I let him take off my tank and cast it aside, allowing him full access to kiss and suck my breasts. I bounced harder and faster at this, our eyes shut tight with both pain and pleasure. I came quickly, shuddering with the feeling of him stretching me so deep. Our breathing was intense and, without thinking, I exclaimed, "Oh yes, Edward, yes. I'm there. Don't stop! Oh God, don't stop!" This brought him over the edge and he threw me against the other side of the seat and climaxed on my bare stomach, shooting his warmth all over my dewy skin. He sighed, still breathing heavily and reached over to hold my hand. Using my torn underwear, he cleaned himself, and then me, and then leaned over to give me a long, penetrating kiss. The feel of his soft mouth and tongue against mine, but with a roughness of his stubble was another mixture of pain and pleasure we both enjoyed. I lay there for a few more moments, thinking about all of our previous conversations about how much I missed him and wanted him again. Edward would tell me about how special that night two years ago meant to him and how, if he could, he would do so many other things to make it even better. I had always thought of Edward as my own best friend, and would often call him "My second boyfriend" or "My second husband." He would come back to visit us every once in a while, and the slightest touch or sideways glance would bring me back to that moment when he first asked me, "Do you want this?" Those words would stick with me forever and I always wanted to tell him, "Oh God, yes, please!" We had finally got our wish and, after a few minutes of recovery, he began pulling at my skirt again. After throwing it to the side, we were ready to go again. And I didn't even care that I had a husband waiting for me in our small home many miles away. Or a mother waiting for me to call her back and let her know that I was all right. I was extremely empowered, feeling like a sexy, young woman again instead of a plain housewife. He was able to bring me to places that I had never been able to experience, and without an outward love or proposal of commitment, I knew that this sex was exactly what I had needed and what we both craved. I always knew that he loved me on some other level, probably as the woman he couldn't have. But that night, I was his and nothing else mattered. We climaxed together again, without talking. Our hearts pounding out of our chests, bodies hot and moist, and minds reeling, I knew that this was the best I had ever had. We talked for a few minutes after, while he released me from my remained handcuff and I redressed. But the call of the job was too strong, and he told me, with sadness in his eyes, that he had to leave. I made him promise to not let this be the end of this and even encouraged him to bring a female friend with him next time he came to visit, so my husband could have a little fun as well. Thoughts of our next time together, paired off and then in a foursome, were going to have to be enough as I said goodbye to him. He drove me back to my parked car; keys still inside, and gave me a long, hard kiss that was still filled with longing. I left his car and returned to my own, my inner thighs still shaking from strain and excitement. And as he drove off, my shaking fingers dialed the numbers to my mother's home to tell her I was all right and then to my husband's phone to tell him I was on my way home to him. I hung up the cell phone and pulled out of the dim parking lot, slowly driving back to my house, feeling my still present dampness. I would close my eyes for a brief moment, thinking back to just those few minutes or hours before, shudder, then resume with the task of driving home, saying hello to my husband, or making dinner. But since I now received a job in the city, I was pretty sure I would have another chance at Edward again. That is, if I sped by his patrol car while talking on my cell phone. Authors Note: Well leave me a little feedback please