I come with no such intensions." We kept walking in silence each of us silently pondering over the conversation that had just transpired. I was already sure that I had said more than what I should have. You do not socialize about personal affairs especially not with your maid who you essentially knew nothing about. I held no obligation to answer her questions and yet I had been compelled to defend myself and my intensions regarding the stay. I came to the conclusion that every move that I made from now on would be seen as a move to protect myself from being rendered homeless and so despite my best judgment I for probably the first time saw myself as what people would see me to be. I was removed from my musing by Margo opening the doors to one of the finest chambers I had seen. It was beautiful. Velvet draperies and silk sheets adorned the floor length windows and the bed. There was a big artistically carved desk which sat in one corner of the room there were plush armchairs and cushions all tastefully and strategically placed around to give out a strong character to the place. The walls were a combination of gold and red and bluish violet intricate paintings. "The chamber is beautiful Margo remind me to thank the queen for her kindness." "I will, my Lady." "I think there is something you should know about these chambers." "What?" "These were the same chambers your mother and father used to retire in on their visits to the castle." "How do you know? Did you serve her?" "Yes I must say that I had the pleasure of serving her and I must put in that I admire her truly. She had a wonderful and kind soul. No wonder she and the queen called themselves sisters." "Come my Lady, let us get you settled. Your cases have arrived." "Prepare a bath for me please. I wish to soak myself after this long journey and it seems my day is not over yet." "Yes, my Lady." She called in another girl called Angela and set to work. Putting the water to boil and then sorting the contents of my cases. "You truly have very beautiful dresses, my Lady! Some of the finest I have seen." "Dear Margo I think at this point we are past the phase where you need flattery to remain in my good grace and if not let me tell you, though I am pleased that you make such kind observation, flattery will not get you anywhere." Angela silently started chocking her giggles. "You may laugh if you wish for even I wish to do so."I smiled heartily. That evening they helped me prepare for dinner. Apparently dinner in the castle everyday was a giant affair. The ladies dressed as always in fine clothes and men in their breeches. I was glad that my father had asked the sweet Mrs. Cope to pack my luggage for I would never have been privy to pack some of my fine clothes along with those for everyday wear. I entered the hall wearing a soft blue evening gown with golden embroidery. I had insisted in not doing too much with my hair and letting it fall down my back in curls and loosely tied to keep it away from my face. Margo and now Angela insisted that it would be too simple for the dinner so I put in a few crystal pins strategically in my hair. I see why they insisted on something more fancy as soon as I enter the hall. Satins and silk draped over really tight corsets. I was finding myself really foreign to all the grandeur and perhaps for the first time alone for I no longer had anyone from my family with me. To say that it was a relief when Lady Rosalie and Lady Alice included me in conversation with Countess Marie would have been an understatement and yet I still could not feel at ease discussing the clothes they were going to wear to the ball to be held the day the prince arrived from Dabney. Soon the king and the queen entered with the royal guard and took their seats as the rest of us followed. I did not initiate conversation rather silently observed those in attendance. The trend was clear the men paid very little attention to the talk of the women folk and hardly included them in conversation, though I would not fault them for me myself found it to be less than appealing. Fine wine flowed down everyone's throats; the dinner was magnificent, for the lack of better word. The king obviously trusted the people in his court. I found Jasper and Emmet husbands of Lady Alice and Rosalie to be quite riotous they commanded respect and yet oozed friendship. It was later on that I found out they were the prince's best friends and his groomsmen. Lady Alice was everything everyone claimed a woman should be. She was clearly a master at languages, literature and arts. Yet she possessed childlike innocence, somehow an air of purity; that she did not believe that vice and cunningness existed in this world. Everything was either black or white. Lady Rosalie on the other hand seemed more the contemplative type, someone with a strong opinion; yet again silent lest she loose her faithful following of mindless damsels. I saw that she observed from distance. I knew that in private if instigated I could have a very intelligent conversation with her. The king and the queen were clearly a wise couple. The king was purely devoted to the queen and his people. He was one of those men who cared about a woman's opinion, at least in particular, the queen's opinion. This is my first fan fiction. I don't even know the features properly please be a bit liberal. i would be delighted to receive your reviews to improve my writing!