luck the asshole walked in behind sex hair. I won't lie, he is very attractive. Is strong, muscular build was very appealing. I knew his hair would slide right through my fingers as I pulled at it and massaged his scalp, while his big cock slipped in and out of me. Holy shit, Bella what was that. Get your shit together. You don't know him and you have no chance with him. I looked down at what I was wearing. My favorite band t-shirt, skinny jeans, and boots. I didn't stand out. I bet he went with girls like Rosalie he just seemed like that kind of guy. I took a deep breath, cleared my brain of the tall cutie and started to walk out the building with Alice following. "Hey, hey you! Wait, wait, come back here!" I heard yelling from behind me not caring who it was because they didn't have a need to talk to me. Out of my peripherals I saw Alice stop, confusion written on her face. I decided to turn around, to find the sex god running toward Alice and me. For some reason I felt embarrassed and felt my cheeks heating up from the blush that was currently present on my face. I quickly fixed that and went into bitch mode. "Can I help you?" I asked my best 'what the fuck do you want' face on "Yeah you can." His deep voice rattled in my brain as he winked and wiggled his eyebrows at me. "Look shithead I don't have all day what do you want?" I retorted quickly not thinking before speaking but that didn't affect him. "That dirty mouth of yours, tsk, tsk…Very sexy." He started but stopped as my glare was fixated on him. I fought myself internally so the energy I felt between us wouldn't put me in full girl gush mode. "Um, I mean, I…I just brought you your schedule that you left there. So Isabella Marie Swan, it's very beautiful. Oh by the way I am Emmett Cullen." He replied with a very sexy smile, his dimples making him even more irresistible but I was already on bitch mode I couldn't soften up because he had gorgeous smile, a beautiful hair. "It's just Bella and you shouldn't read other people's stuff." I said trying to yank the paper from his hand but he pulled it away. A averaged height blond guy snatched the paper out of his hands. "Emmett stop being a pest." Whoever this guy said is a southern drawl and southern girl would love. "I'm sorry, my name is Jasper Whitlock. Adopted brother of the big teddy bear here." Jasper said giving me my paper and giving a smile towards Alice. "Hey whats your name?" He asked. Alice just stood there gaping at him, her eyes roaming his body. I nudged her so she would say something. "Um I am Mary Alice Brandon but I, I um." Alice replied, her cheeks turning red. "She goes by Alice." I quickly added it in for her sense she seemed to be tongue tied at the moment. "Well Ms. Brandon, you are one pretty lady." Jasper replied reaching for her hand and kissing it. "Jazz, dude what in the world man! You're kissing up to a pretty girl and messing up my game with Bella here." Emmett said pushing Emmett and giving me the smile that made me melt. "Sorry to break it to you Cullen but you had no 'game' to get me." With that I turned on my heels and walked towards the car. I swayed my hips a bit more than usual for extra effect. I may be playing hard to get but I actually want to get to know Emmett and get lost in his dreamy eyes. I was standing by the car for at least 5 minutes when my two best friends walked over laughing and talking. I kept hearing Jasper this and Edward that. These people are just getting to college and have already found a love interest. You would too if you tried living a little and stop protecting yourself from everything and everybody. I told myself and I was right, I needed to live a little. "Bells! I met the perfect guy! His hair is fucking amazing. He is like sex on legs. He has a broad build but he is too bulky. When he touched me there was like a surge of energy busting through us. Don't get me started on his smile." Rosalie gushed as we got in the car. I just sipped on my water and nodded my head. "Name?" I asked "Edward Cullen. His name even sounds sexy!" She yelled out. I almost choked on my water. "Cullen? Is he related to Emmett Cullen?" I said in a soft voice. "Yeah, I just me him when I ran into Alice and some hunk she was talking too with a sexy southern accent. Why?" Rosalie said giving me sideways glances. Alice squealed. "Emmett Cullen has a thing for Bella, she has a thing for him but she wanted to be bitchy today. Anyway she totally likes him! I just know she does. I knew coming to U-Dub would be a wonderful idea!" Alice said squealing some more. Yes, coming to U-Dub was a fantastic idea. I knew that I had to loosen up a bit. I couldn't be a secret bad ass. Maybe I should let my good girl side go on break and live a little. As we pulled up to our apartment, I started working on a way to live a little, let myself go, and try something new. Ok what do you think so far? Do you like it? Yes, no maybe? Oh heads up because I am back in school and I have another story I am working on, updates for now will come far and few BUT mostly because I love writing I will update on the weekends! Please review! xoxo