and got to talking," I said. It was the truth, and they didn't need to know everything. "She started crying and I brought her up here to my sister-in-law, thinking Rosie would be able to help." "Okay. I think I have everything I need from you, Mr. Cullen. I'll be in touch if I have more questions." He handed me his card. "Don't hesitate to call if you remember anything more." I nodded as the officer's partner came over to speak to me. "Marie says you're a friend." Marie? My eyes went to Isabella. She was again sitting on the couch with her knees drawn to her chest. "I am." "She's afraid to go home by herself, and we still have a lot of statements to take." "I'll take her home. Better yet, she'll be staying with me." The officers nodded and followed Rosalie back downstairs. Rosalie returned a couple of minutes later with two bottles of beer and a Coke. "You don't look old enough to drink," she said, offering Isabella the Coke. "I'm not," Isabella said with downcast eyes, accepting the offered drink. "I turned twenty today." "Well then, happy birthday," Rosalie said, saluting Isabella with her beer. I did the same and downed my beer fast. "We should get going," I said, kissing Rosalie's cheek. "How long will the bar remain closed?" "At least three days, maybe longer. I'll call my insurance company tomorrow. They'll let me know when I can reopen." "Let me know if you need any help with cleaning up." "I will." I offered my hand to Isabella. With a sad smile she accepted it. Once we were in my car and driving away from the bar, Isabella spoke. "I don't have anywhere to go." "You're coming home with me." "I couldn't impose." "It's not an imposition," I replied. It didn't even dawn on me that this was out of character for me. I never took a virtual stranger home for the night. "I'll take your couch, then." "I can't let you do that. You'll sleep in one of my guestrooms." "A real bed," she muttered in awe. I didn't think I was meant to hear. Glancing over at Isabella, I saw there were tears glistening in the corners of her eyes. "Thank you, Edward," she said in a small voice. "It's been a long time since I've slept in an actual bed." It was a good thing we were stopped at a light. I was starting to see red again. What had the bastard done to this sweet girl? "Where did you sleep?" I asked, trying to remain calm. I'd have to go for a long run once I got Isabella settled. Hopefully, Ms. Cope would stay until I returned. "On a chair or couch, every so often in the bathtub—really anywhere I could find that was out of the way," she said with a wave of her hand, her voice devoid of any emotion, like it should have been obvious to me. My hands tightened on the steering wheel. She slept in a goddamn bathtub! What else had befallen her and for how long? "When was the last time you slept in an actual bed?" I heard her swallow. "Three years," she whispered, covering her face with her hands as her shoulders started to shake. I groaned and pulled into an empty parking lot. What was with me and putting my foot in my mouth around her? First, by saying I had been waiting for her; and second, forgetting that her parents died three years ago. "Come 'ere," I said after shifting the car into park. Isabella collapsed against me, clinging to me as tears wet the front of my dress shirt. "Like I said, I'm an idiot," I whispered against her ear. "I didn't think before I spoke. I'm sorry." I stroked her hair and the strawberry scent I smelled earlier assaulted me. Leaning down, I inhaled. It was intoxicating the way the fragrance clung to her silky tresses. When I pulled back and looked down, she was gazing up at me. My breath caught in my throat. Even with a tear-streaked face she was every bit the angelic beauty I thought she was the previous evening. I lowered my head, my lips grazing hers in a feather-light caress. She shivered in my arms. "I won't let anyone hurt you ever again," I whispered in promise. "You can't mean that," she said, freeing herself from my hold. I blinked. What had I said now? I felt like hitting my head against the steering wheel repeatedly when I recalled what I'd said. Did I mean it? "I do. I'll protect you from Jacob." Isabella shook her head. "No. I can't let you." "I offered you my help last night." I pointed out. "Your note said you needed help. Well, love, help found you." "It was a mistake for me to elicit help from a stranger." There was alarm in her voice again. "What happened tonight was my fault. He always gets clingy when he thinks he's going to lose me." "The shooting wasn't your fault. He chose to carry a gun. He chose to use it. He'll face the consequences for his decisions." "Still, it's my fault. Had I been waiting where I should have, it would have never happened." "You don't know that for sure," I said in a soft voice, cupping her cheek and caressing it with my thumb. "He could have found another reason to draw his gun out, and it still wouldn't have been your fault." "You might be right, but I think you're wrong. It was my fault." I sighed. "How about I tell you some things about me," I said, letting my hand drop from her face. "I'd like that." I extended my hand. It seemed a little silly to be introducing myself after I had briefly kissed her twice, but I had to start somewhere. "I'm Edward Cullen." A/N: Comments and reactions are most welcomed.