the base but I had no other choice. I sent Dad a brief text letting him know. His response was immediate and only one word. Alice? I would kill her if she did. I had four hours to kill before I had to be at the high school and since the nap I was hoping for was now out of the question, I didn't know what to do. I ended up at the diner. "Bella, is that you," Angela said coming over to the table I had been sitting at for the past two hours surfing the web. I had been pleasantly surprised to see a wireless sign on the door when I entered. I looked up wide-eyed as she sat down joining me uninvited. "Hey, Ang," I said. She and I had ended up roommates in college and had since kept in touch. I knew she come back and took over the diner after graduating college with a business degree. It just surprised me to see her here in the dining room. "Why didn't you email and tell me you were going to be in town? Wait, why are you here?" "Surprise," I said with a grimace at the look she gave me. "Ms. Brandt wrote me," I told her lowering my voice and covering my face with my hair as Mike Newton walked in with Jessica, his wife. "You agreed to be in the show," she whispered. "Yep, but it's a secret until tonight," I whispered back. "Where are you staying?" "The base," I replied. "You don't look happy about that," she commented. "I had made a reservation at the Lodge but it somehow got cancelled." "Oh, did anyone else know you were coming?" "No," I said shaking my head, "just my Dad and Ms. Brandt. I swore them both to secrecy." "And Ms. Brandt didn't say a word about you when I talked to her yesterday about who agreed. All she told me was that both you and Edward were the only two she hadn't heard from." "I can't believe she lied. I talked to her on October 1st and let her know I was in." "When did you receive your letter?" "On my birthday, she wanted my answer first since I didn't leave in the area." "Makes sense; I'm glad you here. And from what I heard from Alice, Edward has no plans on performing." That was news to me, I had thought he would. We talked a few more minutes before she had to go deal with a rowdy customer. An hour and a half, I walked into the high school, with a half hour to go, extremely nervous. I was not the first to arrive and I wasn't sure who already here. Almost as soon as I walked into the music room, I was wrapped up in someone's embrace. "Belly," Emmett's booming voice announced as he lifted me off my feet swinging me around in a circle. I hated that nickname and obviously he remembered. "Put me down, Emily," I said through clenched teeth, using the nickname he earned after a rousing game of truth or dare, knowing he disliked the name as much as I hated Belly . "You don't play fair, Bella," he said with a hurt look as he placed me back on my feet. "Sorry," I mumbled. Rosalie, Alice, and Jasper were the only ones that witnessed the display. "Hey," I said timidly looking over at the others. "Sorry I lost contact." "You're back now," Jasper said with a calming smile. "Also, sorry I didn't come to your weddings," I said to Alice and Rosalie. "No apology needed," Rosalie said with a laugh. "I didn't give you enough warning." "Sorry I cancelled your room," Alice said crossing her arms over her chest, she was hurt. She had given me plenty of warning and I did even respond with an 'I can't make it' or send the gift I had bought, like I had when Rosalie married Emmett. I did bring it with me in the off chance I would see her. "I do have the gift with me," I said placing my hand on her shoulder. I hoped she wouldn't be mad long. She wrapped her arms around me hugging. "Why can't I stay mad at you right now, Bella?" "The same reason I can't be mad at you for cancelling my room. I missed you all." "We missed you too and you'll stay with us at Carlisle's and Esme's tonight," Jasper said pulling me away from Alice and into a hug. I wasn't going to protest it was better than staying at the base. We all fell silent as other started filing in. "Okay, if everyone can take a seat," Ms. Brandt said coming in behind Angela. Angela took the seat next to and gave me a how you doing look. I shrugged turning my attention to Ms. Brandt. I was fine right now, seeing as Edward wasn't here. If he was here, I would probably be freaking out. "We'll start by reintroducing everyone and a brief update since the reunion," Ms. Brandt announced. "Bella, would you begin." I quickly went over what I had been doing since graduating. Alice had just finished up when Ms. Brandt called on one last person. I thought Alice was the last. "Edward," Ms. Brandt said. Edward? I turned and there he was leaning against the doorjamb in a dark grey suit with a black dress shirt unbutton at the throat. I locked eyes with him, and dear Lord, I was in trouble. He was even handsomer than my memory lead me to believe. He had definitely filled out more in the muscle department. His hair was in its typical disarray of bronze locks. I turned away after seeing the look of hurt in his eyes. I had to talk to him soon and explain why I felt the need to leave him and give him a chance to lash out at me.