down in his pleasure. Bella noticed how much he reacted to her touch and pushed her lips further down his burning shaft. "Fuck, Bella ," he growled, unable to control the way his hips bucked up to meet her. She moaned at the feeling of his thrust between her lips, and bobbed to her head down further to encourage him. "Ohh," he cried, feeling his cock hit the back of her throat over and over. Reaching for his hands she pulled them to her head and sunk them in her blonde hair, hoping he would get the hint. Edward didn't need to be told twice. Slowly, his hands buried in her soft, pale hair he began to slowly fuck her mouth, her moans of pleasure muffled by his cock, and his own groans of delight. Bella loved the feel of his hardness slipping between her lips, his precum coating her mouth and driving her crazy. Every thrust of his thickness reminded her of where it could be. Every moan she heard made her wetter for just that . Edward couldn't remember when he had been this turned on, when he had felt someone as lustful as him. It was incredible to feel her hot mouth receive him over and over, until suddenly she pulled off of him and looked in his eyes. "I need to feel you inside me," she panted softly. Edward smiled in her eyes and licked his lips unconsciously. "Turn around," he whispered as he brought her to the car. Bella kept her eyes locked with his, but turned around. Leaning over the hood, grateful for the warmth it gave her, she closed her eyes, slowly spreading her legs apart, almost giggling at the sight of faraway Christmas light flashing as she waited for this man. With gentle hands, he lifted the edge of the mini skirt up over her ass to expose her bare skin. No panties blocked his way. He ran a hand up her right thigh and over the sight of her perfect ass. Her moan and slight wiggle told him exactly where she wanted to be touched. Stroking his fingers up and down, he parted the wet lips of her pussy, so drenched with her fluid he could see it shining in the night. She moaned as he teased her lips open, unfurling it like a flowers petal opened to a cold sun's kiss. "God, please, Edward ." "Please what?" he asked with a playful tone. With a smile he pushed one finger deep inside her, marveling at her wetness. "Yes, oh yes, oh please, more." "More what?" he teased again, sliding a second finger in alongside the first, its chill creating new sensations. Bella 's legs shook then, and she moaned her approval as he pumped his fingers in and out of her soaked lips "Fuck yes," she cried, rocking her ass back to meet him. He reveled in the sight and her bent over the hood of her car, tits swinging back and forth, but it wasn't enough o quench his fire, nor hers. "Please, Edward ," she moaned, "I want you inside me." Waiting no longer, he pressed his cock to her wet entrance, and with one firm thrust pushed all the way inside. "Yessss," she moaned into the night. Edward held himself there for a minute, reveling in the wet heat of her body. He ran his hands down her smooth back, bringing his hands to rest on her hips. Drawing back with a long slow pull, he pushed himself back in, and moaned in pleasure. "God, Bella , you feel so good." "Yesss. Fuck me, Edward . Fuck me hard." His fingers clutched on to her hips as he starting driving into her over and over again. His cries of pleasure mingled with her own as he pounded into her, lust driving both of them. Bella arched her back and changed his angle with the rocking of her hips. "Yeah baby," he said with desire, his voice husky, never stopping. "Fuck me back." "Ahhh," she cried. "God, Edward , I'm going to cum." "Yes, baby, come on. Cum. Cum all over my cock." The thought of her orgasming around him was almost enough to send him over the edge right there. "Fuck." Pounding the hood of the car she became lost in herself, nothing existing but the driving lust of his cock in her, the heat of each stroke pushing her closer and closer. She rocked back again, pushing him further inside. He growled with pleasure at her aggression, and drove into her harder. It was enough to drive her over the edge. "Goddddd, Edward . I'm coming," she screamed. Her pussy clamped down on his cock like a vise and she came, hard, calling his name, crying out into the night. The feel of her, the sight of her body writhing on the hood of her car was too much for him. Gripping her hips he pounded into her, cock swelling. He saw his cock disappearing in and out of her spasming pussy and could hold back no longer. "Ohhhhhhhhh godddd, yesssssssssssssss." He emptied his fluid deep inside her, the wetness and heat a pleasurable torture for his convulsing cock. His legs feeling weak, he laid over her back, rubbing his hands in her soft hair one last time. They dressed in the night, giving each other playful kisses, tantalizing touches, until finally he drove away and continued his patrol, promising to come down this way in a week. Bella watched him drive away, lighting a cigarette as she walked to the back of her car. Exhaling a plume of white smoke that mimicked the chimneys she saw in the distance, she reached down and pulled off the fake tag from her plate, exposing her current registration. After all, she didn't want to be pulled over by just anyone, and this was one Christmas present she wanted to open over and over again. Well how was it?