want to talk about it; especially with a stranger I met a half hour ago." I crossed my arms and looked the other way, effectively ignoring him for the remainder of class. Finally the bell for last period rang and I jumped out of my seat, collected my things and rushed out of class before anyone could talk to me. And as if things couldn't get worse, I noticed when I checked my schedule that I had gym class last. Great! I thought sarcastically. Thankfully, because I was new, Coach Méndez allowed me to sit out of participating in any of the games so I spent the hour sitting on the bleachers. Finally the bell rang signaling the end of the day and I rushed out as soon as I could. I made a quick stop at reception to return the slip of paper that my teachers had signed and then hightailed it towards my car. I had almost made it out of there when a high-pitched voice stopped me. "Excuse me, wait." I turned around and saw a beautiful petite girl running towards me with four other people trailing behind her. I frowned as she stopped in front of me and smiled. She sighed. "Sorry. I just had to meet you and I would not have been happy if I didn't meet you today. I'm Alice." Alice was tiny. I mean, like, less than five foot, tiny. She had short black hair that was sticking in every direction, but not in a bad way; deep blue eyes the color of the pacific. She was dressed in a pair of black leggings, a white tunic with a grey cardigan over the top and some grey ballet flats. She was beautiful. Behind her was another girl who gave Alice a run for her money in the beauty department. She had golden blonde hair that fell down her back in waves, sky blue eyes and a body that Victoria Secret angels would kill for. Her long legs were accentuated in her light denim jeans, fitted white top with her nude cropped jacket over the top and her brown boots. With her was a muscular brown haired man who must have been on steroids because never had I ever seen a teenager with that much muscle; an extremely tall man with honey blonde hair and, oh crap, Edward. I realized that Alice was waiting for me to respond. "Um, hi. I'm…" She cut me off. "Oh, honey, I know." She laughed angelically. "This is Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper and Edward." "We've already met," Edward spoke up." Alice turned around. "What? You met the new girl and you didn't think to tell me?" He rolled his eyes and she turned back around. "Anyway, I've been meaning to introduce myself all day. We had homeroom together but you really looked like you wanted to be left alone after everyone spent the entire hour staring at you." "Thanks." She nodded. "Anyway, now we've met you can come and sit with us in homeroom. We'll save you a seat." "Oh no, you don't have to…" "I know, but we want to. See you tomorrow." She blew me a kiss and walked away. Everyone except for Edward followed after her. "I'm sure you probably wanna get out of here but I just wanted to say sorry about earlier." I shook my head. "It's fine. I shouldn't have snapped." "No, it's not. I was prying into your business and I shouldn't have. You were right, we're strangers. Anyway, I'll let you go. See you tomorrow." He walked away. I sighed, something I had done a lot over the course of the day, and climbed into my car. When I finally got home, I noticed my mom's car wasn't there which meant I'd get some peace and quiet for a while. I made a start on dinner and, when it was all in the oven, made my way up stairs to get started on my homework. A few hours later, when I was taking dinner out of the oven, I heard the front door open and the sound of my mom's heels walking through the house. She walked into the kitchen and stopped. "Oh, sweetie, didn't you get my message?" she asked as I got the plates out to dish up dinner. "I texted you saying we were gonna go out for dinner." "I've already made dinner." She smiled. "Well can't you just put it in the oven for tomorrow?" I stared at her for a moment before picking the dish of lasagna up and putting it back in the oven, slamming the door behind it. "I'm not hungry," I told her as I put the plates away. She sighed. "Bells," she started, but I cut her off. "Don't call me that!" "Bella, sweetie, I'm sorry but I did message you. So what do you say we go out and eat? My boss told me about a great little diner." "I said I'm not hungry," I told her sharply as I grabbed a bottle of water from the refrigerator. "What have you eaten today?" "I had a slice of pizza." I walked out of the kitchen, attempting to get to my room before a full-blown argument was started. However, she followed me out. "I really wish you'd stop with the attitude, Bella, and…" I turned around and cut her off, again. "And what, mom? Be all happy-go-lucky like you? Moving us to a new town isn't gonna change anything. Because that was your plan right; take us out of Cherokee and move us to this dump and maybe I'll be happier. Won't work, mom, because no matter where we live daddy's still gone," I shouted before running up the stairs and into my bedroom, the door slamming behind me. I threw myself onto the bed and began to sob. So, what did you think? Poor Bella. What do you think happened? Thanks for reading. See you next time :) xoxo RKandCarrieFan