bad for Jordan that today was spaghetti Thursday. Everyone couldn't stop talking about what Jacob and I did. It was funny how people exaggerated the story to make me look more badass and Jordan look like he begged me not to hit him because it would hurt too much. I had to say Jordan was a total mama's boy. He had it coming to him for a long time. He's one of those people who don't leave home when they should. I think I might drop in on him in thirty years to see if I'm right. Knowing his mother she would live to see the end of the world. It was Friday and today we were going shopping! The only thing I was worried about was Rosalie. Was she coming? Every time I see her or think about the beautiful blonde my ego took a major hit. I didn't mind her shopping with us at all. In fact I was curious about the girl. She had hardly talked to me but I wanted to know if she liked me or if she was just being polite. It was in the middle of changing to a different period that I saw Alice, Jasper, Rosalie, and Emmett walking down the hall. Angela and I ran to catch up with them. "Hey guys! Alice, are we still going shopping after school today? Oh and Rosalie, are you coming?" Angela asked. We weren't afraid of the Cullen's like everyone else at this small school. Small minded town. "I'm still in. Rose?" Alice asked while turning to her sister. "If you don't mind, then I think I will tag along." She said in a quiet voice. "Great! Will you be taking your own car?" I asked. I had noticed a red Mercedes in the parking lot. Well I tried to see it but my view was blocked by every single guy from the school. "Well if you don't have anyone else coming then we can go in my car." Rose said with a bit if smugness set into it. "Let me guess, the red Mercedes out front is yours? I bet it drives like a dream and you can't even hear it." I said enviously. She smiled hugely. "Yes that beauty outside is mine. I tuned it myself and you can barely hear it when it's on. I have a DB stereo and I did the paint job by myself. No one is allowed to touch her under the hood but myself. I've noticed you have a black Harley and a baby blue mustang. Do you take it to a mechanic? I know a lot of girls who-" I cut her off. "I do everything myself also. Getting my hands dirty is one of my favorite things to do." I said almost suggestively. "I hated to do it but I had to have someone drive it up here from Arizona. That's why I was stuck with a damn Camry when I first arrived here. Charlie got it when my back was turned." I sighed to myself. "Well I'm glad you're coming, it's going to be awesome to talk to you more about cars. Let's see who knows more." I challenged. "Challenge accepted Isabella Swan." "Rosalie Cullen." And with that I and Angela walked into our next class. School had ended and I was texting Jacob for the last half hour. He was going to come and pick up my mustang for me. He showed up with his friend Embry on the back of my motorcycle. They stopped in front of me. "Hey." "Hey." Jacob said with a sultry smile. I smiled back. "Nothing better happen to my mustang otherwise I'll gut you from head to toe." I said as I handed over my keys reluctantly. Someone laughed from behind me and I saw Rose, Alice, and Angela walking toward me. Jacob was throwing daggers at the two Cullen's but I didn't understand why. "I'll see you at home." I then kissed his forehead and noticed he was burning up. "Honey is you alright? You're burning up!" I put my wrist to his forehead but he pulled away with a slight growl. What was wrong with him? "Jacob?" "I'll see you later Bella." He said quietly. Frowning I walked away. "What about this?" Angela picked up a light green top that was v neck with buttons down the front. I hated it right away. "No not what I'm looking for. Maybe something blue?" I shook my head. It was hopeless. Forks didn't have a mall or any decent shopping store so we drove to Seattle, where they have one department store. I was becoming frustrated that I couldn't find anything. Then out of nowhere Alice showed up with exactly what I wanted. It was baby blue with a black belt around the middle and a wrap that was attached. How on earth did she know? I didn't really know what I was looking for but leave it to Alice to find out what it was. She had a pair of dark skinny jeans over her other arm and those she handed to Angela. "Oh, Alice! How did you find a pair in my size, the color I wanted, and that they would fit comfortably? I don't know how you do it." Angela exclaimed while she hugged Alice. "You're a god send!" I looked around. "Where's Rose?" "Right here." Rose said as she came around a rack of sweaters. "Look what I found." She held up a hanger with a light brown coat. It reminded me of something a woman spy would wear on a wet London day. Brass buttons went from top to bottom but also had a zipper. With it on it would come down to Rosalie's knees. Perfect for the rainy days of Forks Washington. A while later I ended up talking to Rose about cars and it was kind of interesting and offensive when she asked me if I had a job.