there where I met Tyler Crowley. He was the typical jock/football player of the campus. Tall, brown haired, piercing baby blue eyes, and a smile to kill for, he could have had any girl he wanted, but somehow he was interested in me. I ignored his advances at first, but he was very persistent and eventually wore me down. We dated for a year and a half, and I thought everything was perfect. I even contemplated moving in with him. One night, I decided to surprise Tyler at his apartment with some Chinese food and a couple of comedies from red-box. I had a key to his apartment and was surprised to see that his door was unlocked. I knew he wasn't expecting me so I was a little curious as to why he would leave it unlocked like that. I quietly knocked on the door to signal my arrival as I entered, but he was nowhere to be found. That was when I heard it; a soft groaning noise coming from Tyler's bedroom. My instinct was telling me not to go towards his bedroom but my body just propelled me forward. Then moaning got louder until I was now standing in the doorway watching what was going on in front of me. Not only was Tyler fucking another girl in his bed, but the same girl he was fucking just happened to be my roommate and now ex-friend Lauren Mallory. I just stood there and they didn't even notice me until I let out a muffled sob. Tyler was the first to notice me there. He abruptly pulled way and began trying to throw on some pants, while Lauren just laid there in all of her naked glory. At least Tyler had the audacity to apologize to me, but told me in no circumstances did he regret his actions. He was in love with her and that was that. Lauren just boasted it in my fact that I didn't fit his lifestyle and that he needed a beautiful woman in his life and not a ratty art student. Talk about a blow to a person's ego. As if I wasn't feeling sorry for myself as is and now I was ugly? Diego had a hard time getting me back from that one. Strike three, was the straw that broke the camel's back. I was fresh out of school and looking for job out in Seattle. I had made a promise to myself that I was not going to let myself get into any kind of relationship and that's was where fate threw Colin into my life. To make a long story short, Colin was my first and everything and I honestly thought I loved him. Again, I thought it was all peaches and cream until he of course cheated on me….with another man. Apparently I was just a test to him to really see if he really preferred men, and after our first time; my first time, he decided that he did not like the female anatomy at all and that I just confirmed it all for him. I had a breakdown after that. I had basically turned a man gay. I stayed in my apartment for weeks after that. I wallowed in myself pity wondering why did it have to happen to me and why was I so naïve and foolish to fall for jerks who just wanted to string me along. Suddenly, Seattle was becoming this suffocating place and I knew I had to leave or I was going to self-destruct. Diego being the life savior that he was, decided to accompany me. We blindly skimmed our hands across a map of the country and decided to move to NYC and seven years later here I am. Alone, jaded, slightly bitter and working in a restaurant where my degree in art history was slowly but surely going down the drain. Seems perfect right? I guess it was, at least to me it was. With the money I made here at Ferguson's I lived comfortably and spent most of my nights with my one-eyed cat Sampson and pit-bull Hampton. Exciting wasn't it. I had about fifteen minutes left of my break and decided I was going to begin gathering the dirty dishes from our quick meal. Diego and Bree were still out on the dance floor oblivious to everyone and everything around them as usual. After discarding the dishes in the back for the washmen to clean, I sat back down and began drinking the remnants of my wine. We were only allowed one glass to drink, but I was going to make it last, considering how sorry I was feeling for myself at the moment. I closed my eyes and mindlessly swayed my head to the soft jazz undertones when I could feel a presence looming over me. I opened my eyes to see a tall figure standing over me; a male to be exact. He was dressed in black slacks that seemed to be contoured to his long legs. My eyes drifted higher up towards his chest, where he was clothed in a white shirt, the first couple of buttons undone and accompanying black suit jacket. My eyes continued their travel bypassing his face to the mess of reddish colored hair and that's when I saw his face or more importantly his eyes. Eyes that made my breath hitch in my chest and the wine I was drinking to go down the wrong pipe. Eyes that reminded me of jade or fresh cut grass in the radiant sunlight. I never thought green could be such a mesmerizing color and suddenly I dammed my father for letting me inherit his muddy brown eyes instead of my mother's green ones. I just stared at his eyes for a moment and then it was his voice that broke me out of my thoughts. A voice that was smooth as silk and sounded like velvet. "May I have this dance?"