and Bella whimpered in response. "Sensitive," She whispered. "Don't touch, it makes me feel strange." She wrapped her hand around his wrist, barely able to reach across, and tugged his hand down. He frowned, but did not stop the touch. "Beautiful, I'll touch you any way I fucking want. You are mine, these are mine," He cupped both ears, his thumb and first fingers pinching the cartilage gently and tugging the tips. He laughed when she cried out and buried her face into his chest. He bent down next to her ear and whispered, "Do you know how fucking sexy that is? The fact that I'm going to take your virginity, be the first to taste your pussy. I bet I could make you come by touching your ears alone, Beautiful." Bella shivered, and flowers bloomed around their feet, wrapping happily around Paul's legs. He looked down, startled, and then back to her face. "Fae," He mumbled, "But something else as well…your smell…" He buried his nose into her hair, sucking in deep breaths, and a pleased rumble came from his chest. "Mine." He hissed. "Calm the fuck down , Paul." Someone snarled and Paul's head shot up in response, an angry growl came from his mouth. "Sam." Paul nodded before nuzzling at Bella once more, happy grumbles continuing. Bella heard footsteps approaching and Paul seized up, tensed, and pushed her behind him. "Don't interfere, Samuel." Bella peered around Paul's wide frame, slipping her hand around his waist to brush at his bare stomach. "She's dangerous, Paul. Fuck, she sucked Jared, Collin, and Seth into the ground! Did you not witness the shit that just happened?" "Yes." Paul nodded, sounding pleased. He bent down to pick Bella's sweater up off the ground, and gently helped her pull it back on. Sam frowned, but then he was laughing, slapping Paul on the shoulder in comradery. "Who ever thought that the man whore of La Push would imprint? Your women are going to cry." Bella froze, jealousy consuming her. "Women?" She asked, already knowing the answer, but she didn't really want to truth. Like Bella, Paul froze, body haltingly turning to face her. "Now, Beautiful…" "It's Bella." She smarted back, pushing him away. " Goddamn it, Sam!" He roared, taking a step towards Bella only to be stilled when tendrils of weeds locked his feet down. "You're beautiful to me, so the name's only fitting." "Hardly." Bella laughed. Everything seemed to wilt around them; the leaves darkened to molded brown, the grass lost its green, and trees seemed to fall limp to the ground. He frowned, his body jerking against the weeds that held him. "Listen to me, Beautiful, it's not what you think." "Of course not." "There's no other woman." "Right, just women, plural. Do you nearly have sex with every woman that throws themselves at you? Is there like, a waitlist?" She felt cold, and bitter, but mainly cold. "No." Paul's voice was calm, his eyes locked on her face, and Bella bit her lip before dropping her eyes to the ground. "There's only you. I only see you." She looked up, searching his eyes, before biting her lip and nodding in understanding. "Sorry, I suck at personal stuff." His ankles were released and he hurriedly swept Bella into his arms. Life returned to the nature around them when they touched. "It's alright, Beautiful, no harm no foul." "That's bullshit, Paul. She could have fuckin harmed us!" Leah snarled, and Bella whipped to face her. "Leah-," "No, fuck you, Sam. Are you just going to let some freak around the pack? Around humans?" Paul snarled. "Watch your mouth, Clearwater, or I'll rip your fucking throat out." Sue began to sob again, horrible sounds coming from her chest. "Will someone get her a fucking tissue?" He shouted in exasperation. "Jesus, Sue, I've never seen you ball this much. No one died, everything is cool." Jared snorted. "I gave her a fucking box, man. She keeps wailing like a drowning cat." He winked at Bella—she flushed in response and buried her face in Paul's chest. Charlie stepped forward with an angry look visible in the firelight. "Paul Lahote, you unhand my daughter immediately." Paul laughed in response. "Not likely, Chief." "Excuse me?" "I won't be unhanding your daughter, Charlie." Her father reared back, apparently he was really surprised by Paul's answer. "What did you say to me, Lahote?" "I won't be unhanding your daughter, Sir." "Want to explain your reasoning before I ignore my badge and shoot you?" Paul laughed a sexy timbre and his lips left a heated trail of kisses along Bella's skin, before he buried his face in her throat. He took a deep breath and looked at her father, "She's mine." Next Time… Her purity was ironic, comical even, considering Paul's reputation. He'd had women, hell, he'd fucked damn near everyone in La Push and Forks. He wasn't stupid, he knew this would burn her and cause Bella unneeded pain. His past haunted Paul too, had him grimacing in embarrassment, because she was perfect and he was complete shit. Sure, he'd gained some wealth from owning the pack's construction company. His job as a deputy had been a desperate attempt to raise his place in reservation society, and to put an end to the constant sneers and snide remarks he received. How was she his? The whole situation felt unreal, like he'd wake up tomorrow and everything would be a dream . (A/N): Okay, so I originally had two chapters posted, but I consolidated them into one, because my next chapter is about twenty k. I have a few one shots and multi chapters coming up; here is a list of my intentions: Twilight/X-Men: Bella X James H./Logan/Wolverine Twilight/Avengers: Bella X Clint B./Hawkeye, Bella X Bruce B./Hulk, Bella X Tony S./Iron Man Twilight/Sons of Anarchy: Bella X Opie, Bella X Jax T. Twilight/Batman: Bella X Bruce Wayne/Batman Twilight/Vampire Diaries: Bella X Klause, Bella X Elija, Bella X Kol