I looked at her and nodded smiling. The pair were twins that was no mistake, one boy and one girl, both with black hair and light skin, it was hard to think that these angels had come from the two monsters we had fought earlier tonight. "We have to get them back to the house, they won't be safe here without their parents" Carlisle whispered softly, I didn't even hesitate to walk towards them. "Careful, the boy is faking it" Edward said with a light chuckle. "Awe, he is probably going to attack me the second I get too close, me, a frail defenceless girl" I said in a playful tone. "no I won't!" he yelled, I gasped when I took in his face, he was utterly perfect, soft green eyes and pale skin, there was a light flush on his cheeks when he noticed me staring at him. "Hello there little one" Carlisle said gently, the boy looked up at him with fear in his eyes. "Not a fan of vampires?" I asked the kid, he just shook his head. "Well, don't worry, they're not like the others, they feed off animals and trust me, if ever there was a cuddly vampire, Carlisle is definitely a top contender" I told him smiling softly, my eyes caught another pair of green eyes peeking up from behind her brother. "Daddy said the vampires would try to hurt us" The little girl said, her voice was so sweet it made we wish Edward could put a child in me tonight. "Did he also mention the kick ass wolf girl that would rip apart any vampire who would try?" I said flatly, Edward chuckled. "You're a werewolf?" the boy asked tilting his head. "No, but I can kill vampires, they are like so weak" I said flashing the boy a wide smile, when he giggled I knew I won, "My name is Leah, this hunk of dreaminess is my boyfriend Edward, his father Carlisle, Mother Esme and his sister who I like to call, Mmm baby" I said introducing them all. "My name is Rosalie" Rose said rolling her eyes but smiling all the same. "I am Adam, this Anna" the boy said politely, he looked far too small to be so grown up sounding. "love it, double AA, you must keep charge all day" I giggled then huffed when no one else laughed, not even Edward. "Where is moma and daddy?" Anna asked, sitting up slowly. "They are at our house, we thought they were going to attack and hurt people, but we gave them something that would help them sleep, and brought them to our house" Edward said gently, he moved closer and kneeled down beside me, Anna hid behind her brother, she wasn't afraid, I could clearly see the instant crush on her little face as she saw Edward properly. "They're safe?" Adam asked confidently, I loved him already, he reminded me of a younger less girly version of myself. "Yes, we didn't want to hurt them, so I devised a way of making them safe so they wouldn't hurt anyone or themselves" Carlisle said with a warm smile. "We can take you both to them if you would like?" I offered my hand to Adam, watching as he looked at his sister. "Fascinating" Edward whispered softly. "What?" I asked looking at him. "Mind link" "Like Jake and Sam?" Edward nodded and we both looked up at the pair of cuties, that is what they were and that is what they would be referred to, my little cuties, Claire had some competition I thought. "We will go," Adam said and he reached out and took my hand. Back at the house we were stood in the garage watching the parents sleeping, Adam was on the floor kneeling next to his father, smiling warmly. "He hasn't slept in a few days, it's nice to see him getting some rest" "Yup, daddy hunts lots, I like lions, they are my favourite" Anna seemed a little younger mentally than Adam, she was sitting in Edwards arms who looked more than suitable as a parental figure if I did say so myself. "mine to, we'll have to go hunting together some time" Edward said warmly, I was glad to see he was bonding so well with the little girl. "I'm not allowed to, moma says I'm too small" she pouted and looked at Edward. "It's alright, I'll show you" he promised, when he winked at her she buried her little face in his neck. "Adam, do you know why you and your family are here?" Carlisle asked gently. "We were running, dad said that we had to hide because the bad vampires were coming" Adam sounded a little angry, "the bad vampires hurt Grampa" Anna instantly began to cry, I moved over and placed my hand on her cheek and she nuzzled into it while Edward rubbed her back, he and exchange a look and he nodded agreeing to the question in my eyes. We were extending our protection to the little ones. "Do you know the name of these vampires?" Carlisle asked more seriously, he knew if there was going to be trouble he would need to be aware of who or what was coming, I could already tell he was offering his protection to the family before the conversation was even had. "Yes, Dad called them, The Purge" Carlisle sighed, Rosalie hissed, Esme gasped and from upstairs I heard Alice shout a word that just didn't sound right in her tinkling voice. "That complicates things" Edward said with a huff, he looked at me and smiled, "well, you did say things were getting too boring around here" I smiled nervously, I didn't really ask for what ever it was that this "Purge" is, all I wanted was to bring two cute little werewolf pups home, but I could see from my families faces that this new problem wasn't something to laugh about.