a blonde male- he had the same golden eyes as Alice- who seemed to be the spokesperson of the group. "Of course. Would you be interested to come to our house? It's not far from here. It's outside of Forks." He said in a very soothing voice that it would be impossible to hide malice behind it. I liked him already. "Forks? Golden eyes... do you happen to be the Cullen's?" Dad asked seriously. They have been taken aback by his question. Cullen's? Where have I heard this name before? Oh! Of course! The vampire family that hunted animals instead of humans. "Yes. May I ask who are you?" Mr. Cullen asked still politely. Other than surprise he was relaxed. No sign of fear or distrust. "My name is Charles Swan. Chief of Police of Forks. It's nice to put faces to the names. Welcome back doctor Cullen." He said and extended his hand for a handshake. "Thank you Chief Swan. It's nice to meet you." "Likewise. But please call me Charlie. This is my daughter Bella. I apologize again for the incident." To that he looked at me and I looked down for a moment shifting my weight from one foot to the other embarrassed. I looked up to the boy who I nearly took his head off and mouthed a weak and pathetic 'sorry' to him. He just nodded and looked suspiciously to my dad. What was his problem? I apologized, didn't I? "Ah... the young ones are hard to be controlled. Please call me Carlisle." Mr. Cullen said evasive. I was pretty sure he knew what dad and me were. "This is my wife, Esme..." he continued with the introduction of his family "...and our children, Edward..." he looked at the copper headed boy that I almost killed. "...Rosalie and Emmett..." Rosalie was blonde and the second most beautiful girl I've met in my young life- with first being of course Alice- and she was holding hands with a bear of a young man who had a grin on his face and a friendly posture. They nodded at me. Rosalie with a scoff on her face while Emmett would literally beam if he could. "...and last but not least, Alice and Jasper." Carlisle finished and I looked at the other blonde vampire. He was tall and had shoulder length hair. He was very serious and just nodded at me. And then I looked at Alice. With short hair pointing in every direction, golden, cat- like eyes that could reach my soul and red, perfectly shaped lips was a sight I could watch for eternity. "And that is the reason they can't be separate until the moon goes down Edward." I've heard dad saying and snapped out of my trance- like state. I've missed something. "What?" I asked dad confused. "Don't worry Bells. You will drive with Alice and I will drive your car." He said and I nearly choked on my saliva. Say what now? "I will drive with Alice in my car and you can drive hers." I said more serious than ever. No one would drive my car unless it's me... "Can I drive?" Alice asked enthusiastically. Ok, nobody unless it's me and apparently Alice because I have no clue how to say 'no' to her! "Huh... sure." I said not sure at all and gave her my keys. How the heck did that happen? My dad laughed out loud. I looked at him narrowing my eyes. He sobered up immediately. "Chief Swan, the keys are on the ignition. Come on Bella, I haven't driven a Firebird in a long time! Hasn't technology reached this part of Washington that you need to drive this heap?" She asked while she pulled me toward my car. I froze in my place and I heard dad laughing again but I paid no attention to him. "Say what now? For your information, I paid more than thirty thousand dollars for the materials and it took me more that a year to restore it! In the market like it is now, you would have to pay six figures to have it! It may not be as flashy as your little canary over there but I can promise you it can keep up with the best of them just fine!" I said feeling insulted. I saw with my peripheral vision Edward living with his Volvo followed by Carlisle and Esme's Mercedes. Then my dad followed beeping Alice's Porsche- sure as heck laughing at me- and Jasper with his Yamaha FZ6R. Alice opened the door to the driver's seat and whistled. "Rose! You need to see this!" She shouted to her sister excited. Rosalie was next to her in a blink of an eye and was looking at my car in a thoughtful expression. She turned to me, eyes full of doubt. "You did it yourself?" She asked doubtfully. I crossed my arms in front of my chest and looked at her unfazed. "What if I did?" I asked cheekily. She looked at me, then back to the car and then back to me. "Impressive..." She stated and I had the impression that she wasn't used to make compliments. "...you know, for a dog!" She continued after a pause of a millisecond. I heard Alice laugh at that and I scowled at her. "Just for that, I revoke your right to drive my car tonight." I said happily and grabbed the keys from her hand. I got inside and fastened my seat-belt quickly. "Bella!" She whined and Rosalie snorted. Then I heard a slap and some giggles from the blonde. Somehow I haven't picture her to be the giggling type but what do I know. Alice went around to the passenger's door and came in. I fired the engine and gunned it. "Ready?" I asked smirking. "Always." She replied and gave me such a sultry smile that I swooned. Let's see what the rest of the night has in store for me.