"As soon as the surgeon gets here. They just called him so it should be a little while. You have time." "Okay. Good, I'll see you soon." "Alright, bye." I hung up the phone and looked around the table to see everyone looking at me with a worried look on their face. "Looks like it will be a while before you meet her huh?" "Well, when she feels up to it maybe we can come to you?" Edward suggested as he rubbed my shoulder. "I think she would like that." I said with a small smile as I awaited the call for me to leave. ~~~~~~~~~Reverberations~~~~~~~~~~ BPOV I had never been in so much pain, in my life. And I have been in a car crash, an actual car crash. Charlie was freaking, more so than he should so I made him go back to the station to finish up his paper work and calm down before coming back. So right now I am waiting for Lizzie to get here along with the surgeon. I hate waiting. No, hate is not even the word that I would use in all actuality…No I would say that I absolutely detest, no abhor waiting. I sighed heavily as I counted the tiles of the ceiling over again considering that was the only thing for me to do as I laid here on the terribly uncomfortable hospital bed. Just as I was about to jump out of the bed there was a knock at the door before a very attractive man walked through the door with a smile on his face. Oh dear lord. Was all I could think as my eyes took in the tall gorgeous blonde who stood before me. He was perfect, flawless pale white skin, blonde-white hair that was styled perfectly, plump red lips and golden eyes. He's a vampire. "Hello I'm Carlisle Cullen and I am going to be your surgeon today." He said with a slight British lilt. He was perfect, even his voice was perfect! I cannot believe that I am meeting a Cullen. A Cullen, is standing in front of me….no THE Cullen is in front of me….this is so surreal. "It's a pleasure to meet you Dr. Cullen, I'm Isabella." "It's lovely to meet you Isabella, please call me Carlisle." He said with a smile as he held his hand out for me to shake, I took it willingly and froze at the feeling that was shooting through my arm to my whole body. It was like an electric shock running from my arm all the way up and into my chest, and down to my toes. It was spine tingling and I didn't quite understand it. Carlisle was looking at me softly, his hand still grasping mine as he gazed deeply into my eyes. I didn't want to look away, nor did I want him to let go of my hand. But all good things must come to an end. Sadly. A knock on the door was enough to jump us apart from one another and back to the cruel reality we call life….Lizzie was here. Dammit. "Oh my gosh Bella I have been so worried!" she practically whined as she rushed into the room, not paying the blonde haired god any attention as she rushed to my left side and pulled me into a vice grip. Dr. Cullen watched with a slight lift of his brow, he must have known Lizzie was a vampire. He had a small smile on his gorgeous face as he observed our little mother/daughter moment. "I thought I told you not to worry? And that it wasn't that big a deal. Do you not listen at all?" I asked, slightly irritated as she pulled back to look at me innocently. "I'm not used to you being the Hospital okay? I have plenty of reason to worry here." I rolled my eyes before looking back to my doctor who was waiting patiently. When I looked away Lizzie finally noticed the other party in the room, and I know that if she still could, she would be blushing bright red right about now. Poor thing. "Oh, I'm sorry." She said sheepishly while trying to hide in her hair…failing miserably as her hair was pulled up. "It is quite alright dear, I had only come in barely a minute before you did." Dr. Cullen smoothed over with a movie star smile that had me melting instantly. Oh my lord I sound like a teenage girl. Snap out of it Bella! "Anyway, I just wanted to come in and talk to you a little bit before the surgery. The anesthesiologist will be in momentarily to get that started. The surgery itself should not take more than an hour as long as everything looks good. After we have done the surgery and you have gotten woken up and all that then we will go over physical therapy, home care and everything like that. Do you have any questions before we start the surgery?" "No, I think I'm good." He smiled brightly and my heart skipped a few beats, why does he affect me this way? Or this strongly? "Alright, I will send the anesthesiologist in now and we will get you ready for surgery." "Thank you Dr. Cullen." I whispered gratefully as he closed his chart and got ready to leave. "Your very welcome and please call me Carlisle, Bella." I blushed slightly. "Of course, Carlisle." He said a short but soft farewell to Lizzie before he turned and retreated from the room, leaving me with my best friend and daughter until I was to go into surgery. Why did this have to happen? I never get hurt, this is going to be awful, I am always doing something or going somewhere and I just know that once I have this surgery I am going to be useless for weeks. What a great way to start a new life in a new town…