with a delicate tink . "While it might have been a mercy before, now that his mind has returned it is unnecessary." Aro nods. "He still wishes to be a doctor for the humans." "Yes, I heard about the incident in the library from your mate. She is quite amused by it." His brother places a hand on his shoulder. "I only seek to warn you, brother. Do not expect your student to return to what he once was. Accept him as he is now and build from there." Maybe his brother is right in this. Aro has been urging Carlisle to recover his former life, but perhaps in doing so he hampered the boy's progress. It would hurt no one to try Marcus' theory for a time. After all, as he said before, he has centuries to fix any wrongs done. "I hear there is an outbreak of the plague in the neighboring town," he hears himself state dryly. "It might do Carlisle good to see just what it is he is dreaming of." "I shall see to the details, brother." And then, in a rare show of emotion, Marcus smirks as he turns to leave. "Will Caius be long in Japan?" / If anything that first trip to the plague ridden town only fueled Carlisle's desire to aid the humans extend their short lives. He'd flitted about the grime splattered streets with open sorrow on his features, aiding the diseased humans where he could; a murmur of prayer here and kind hand there. Aro isn't surprised. While the boy has lost his memories of his previous life, his character and morals are still firmly intact. He wonders if it is because of the boy's religion, but shrugs it off as irrelevant. A few days later, Aro shows Carlisle the tower room that will be his workshop. He made sure the servants put a few necessary items on the shelves, but left the rest of the details to his student's discretion. Time for the boy to make his own decisions and demands. It took half a week before Carlisle built up the nerve to ask for more supplies and another visit to the town. Once that barrier was breached however, Carlisle dove into his research with unrestrained zeal. Two and a half weeks have passed since then and Aro deems it time for a visit. He strolls up the stairs and knocks on the oak door, waiting for the quiet 'come in' before opening it. Inside is an organized mess of assorted tools to aid Carlisle in his quest. Numerous drying herbs hang from the rafters and hooks. Labeled jars of crushed plants and creams line the shelves on the wall. In a corner steams a small pot of mint water. His student is hunched over the table in the middle of the room, curious, yellow eyes staring, unblinking, at him. Carlisle straightens from the bowl of teasel roots he's been grinding. "My lord." Aro smiles and folds his hands before him. "Hard at work, I see." "Yes…Can I be of assistance, my lord?" The day Carlisle shed the phrase 'master' had been a good one. True, he replaced it with 'my lord' instead of the familiar 'Aro' he was hoping for, but it's better than the former label. "No, no, I only wished to visit and see what progress you made, my boy." He glides over and peers down at the elegant writing on the parchment. In thin, but looping lines, Carlisle has detailed a summary of the plague that tormented the town and his most recent endeavors to cure it. He looks over at his student. "I seem to recall you using teasel root before." "Yes, my lord," Carlisle nods, an eager spark igniting in his young eyes, "but this time I plan on mixing it with the silver and the mint cream." Silver? It's either braveness or foolishness that prompts the boy to experiment with such a dangerous liquid. Aro decides it's a bit of both and nods. "Do you think it the cure?" Carlisle's enthusiasm dims and shakes his head. "No, my lord, though it will aid in easing their pain. Particularly around the lungs and heart." "Then it is time well spent," Aro declares. The boy studies him with a furrowed brow. He opens his mouth once, but closes it just as fast. The second time he opens it he is successful in uttering words, though it comes out laced with trepidation. "I fear I am baffled, my lord." "Oh?" He waves his student to elaborate and watches as Carlisle gathers himself. "You care only for the humans as a food source. Their physical health doesn't impede this and their happiness is irrelevant." Carlisle breaks eye contact. "Why care if I succeed?" Aro offers an enigmatic smile and picks up a teasel root. "Why indeed. What think you?" Another hesitant scramble for words. "Because it benefits your ultimate goal." "Which is?" "To restore me to my former self. The one in the picture in the fifth hallway." What a sad, dreary world it is when the subject of an experiment is fully aware of his involvement. Aro knew it would only be a matter of time before his student's bright mind caught onto the test, so he told him the blunt truth the first day. I do this only in the hopes that it will help you return your mind. "I do wonder why you ask questions to things you already know," Aro baits with a thin smile. And that's it for part 1. Hope you enjoyed. This is my first time trying out third person active voice, so let me know how I did. Oh, and the 'voltaic pile' was the first battery. I couldn't help but try and find some kind of history to put into this story. Reads/Visits will let you visit Volterra. Reviews or favorites will give you a chance to comfort Carlisle (come on, you know you want to).