children and leaving behind a devastated community. The rage I felt toward these vamps was unlike any other. Children were innocents and they weren't to be fucked with. "Bells?" "What?" I snapped. "Your phone's ringing." I snatched the phone off the dashboard where I'd laid it and scanned the incoming number. Demetri. He was the only vamp I'd ever made nice with and only because he'd saved my father's life once. Pulling over to the side of the road, I put the phone on speaker as I answered. "What do you have for me?" I asked. I'd left him a message earlier in the morning seeing if he knew anything about the two monsters we were hunting. "The male sounds like a nomad I stumbled across years back. Goes by the name James. He tends to travel with a redhead who goes by Victoria," he said in his Greek accent. "That's them. Alice, did you find anything?" I asked, turning to her. She shook her head, closing the book. "Nothing." "I have an acquaintance who could help you," Demetri said as I turned my gaze back to the road. "He used to work for the Volturi and he's—" "You're fucking kidding me, right?" I growled. "Are you trying to get us killed? If the Volturi finds out about us, we'll be slaughtered." Demetri let out a cold laugh. "They are well aware of you and your sister. They have been for quite some time." I was stunned into silence, but it didn't last long. I swore long and hard at Demetri before demanding to know why he hadn't warned us. "They've been after your family for generations. I thought for sure Charlie would have warned you." "Well, he didn't," I barked, although I should have been aware the Volturi knew of us. When someone goes hunting your kind, you make sure to know the names of your enemies. Why I thought they wouldn't find out about us was stupid thinking on my part. Of course, it was one more worry I didn't need. "So, they're after us because we know about the existence of vampires?" Alice asked. Demetri let out a heavy sigh on the other end of the phone. "That's part of it, but the main part is because Charlie killed Marcus' wife and Aro's sister, Didyme." I was shocked and judging from the look on Alice's face, she was as well. Dad had never once mentioned killing a vamp named Didyme. Never mind the fact she was related to the leaders of the vampire world. "Why would he do that?" Alice asked, fear in her voice. "Revenge, Alice. Revenge. Marcus murdered your mother, so Charlie retaliated. It was what got him killed in the end." I frowned, thinking back to that night nineteen years ago when I was four. There wasn't much I didn't remember about Mom's death. I remembered hearing her begging and pleading for her life, loud screams, and then an eerie silence. Dad had come home and found her body on the bed, drained of blood with slits to her wrists and throat. The medical examiner claimed it was suicide despite the lack of blood evidence or sharp instruments near her body. Dad hadn't bought it; he'd refused to believe Mom offed herself and he had become obsessed with finding out what had killed our mother. Turns out, our grandfather had known from the get go. He'd told Dad all about vampires and had then given him a crash course in fighting them. When I'd gotten older, Dad had told me about them and according to him, the only important thing in this life was to wipe out their existence. Easier said than done. They could create vampires known as newborns at any given time, thus populating the vampire world and endangering even more human lives. It was a never-ending battle, but one I'd sworn to fight. "Listen, Swan. James is a tracker. He can track down any human following him and you're gonna need all the help you can get," Demetri said, interrupting my thoughts. "I said no," I tried to argue, but Demetri spoke over me. "His name is Carlisle Cullen. He and his coven are vegetarian so to speak, and they won't hurt you. You can find them outside of Forks, Washington. Go to him. He can help," Demetri said before hanging up. Glaring, I shut off my phone and tossed it back on the dash. How stupid did Demetri think I was? I wasn't about to go running into the arms of a Volturi sympathizer. "What did he mean by vegetarian? How can a vamp be a vegetarian?" Alice asked as I pulled the car back onto the road. "I don't know. Sounded like bullshit to me." Alice shrugged then opened up Dad's journal again. With as much as we'd rifled through and read it, you'd think we'd have it memorized, but there was a lot of shit in there. "Dad doesn't have anything about vegetarians or these Cullens," she said several miles later. I wasn't surprised. If Dad had known anything about these Cullens, he would've mentioned it to me or put it in his book. "Doesn't matter since we're not going to them. For all we know, Demetri is playing both sides and setting us up to be slaughtered." Alice let out a sigh as she closed the journals. "You're so pessimistic." "No, I'm realistic. I'm not about to drive halfway across the fucking country only to be vamp food." "But if they can help us—" "No!" I barked before cranking the radio up so I wouldn't have to listen to her. I'd been hunting far longer than she had and I wasn't about to take Demetri's word about some veggie vamps. No, we'd find James and Victoria the old fashioned way. With good detective work, determination, and skill. We didn't need the help of these Cullens. a/n: *fidgets nervously* Well? Did you like it? Hate it? Meh it?