her left, Sam to her right. Jacob kneeled between her bent knees. Another wave of pain ripped through her body and she arched her back with a high keening shriek. "Bella!" Jacob's imperious voice commanded her eyes to his own. "Breathe, remember?" he whispered, his voice instantly intimate and gentle. With a hasty nod, she began puffing, focusing on her breath like she'd been taught to do. She'd planned to do this thing without the dangers and artifice of modern pain management, but suddenly an epidural was looking pretty damn awesome. "You got this, honey," he crooned again, giving her a reassuring smile as he ripped her panties efficiently in two. "I got this," she panted breathlessly. Jacob smiled and nodded, as his hands ran soothingly over her thigh. "I got this," she intoned, with a little more confidence this time. "You do," he murmured. It'd taken a long time to realize Jacob was usually right. And today would be no exception. ' Timelines ' Sitting at her computer on a lazy Sunday afternoon, Bella clicked over to one of her favorite pictures from that day… or tried to. Stupid Facebook and their damn timeline. With a frustrated grunt, she slammed her mouse down on the pad and then froze with a grimace. She cocked her head toward the hallway, and was grateful to hear Jacob's soft snores rolling on uninterrupted. Bella remembered that day like it was yesterday, not five months ago. Hell, she'd remember it for the rest of her life. Though thankfully she couldn't remember the pain, which was a very good thing; it had sucked as much a stuff can suck (she remembered that much). But she had done it. And Jacob had been proud. The expression on his face had been pure undiluted ecstasy when, with that last bone breaking push, their baby had slipped free and into his strong waiting hands. Sue had gotten to Sam and Emily's just in time for the birth, but there's this thing about wolves and instinct, you see. While the baby screeched it's fury, Jacob had growled viciously at Sue's attempts to help and simply bitten through the cord with his teeth. His magical tongue instantly stopped any blood flow and Sue had sat back on her heels with laughing shake to her head. But he didn't stop there. With feral yellow to his eyes, Jacob's huge tongue lapped over every inch of their son, while he crooned a wordless lupine purr that instantly settled the infant's cries to answering coos while outside a chorus of howls rose to the dusk. The scene was beautiful and primal and also pretty damn gross. And Bella wouldn't trade any of it for the world. Especially the outcome: William Charles Black. Their son. Squaring her shoulders, she drew in a deep breath and dove back into Facebook hell. Click. Click. Click. Ahh, there it was. A smile spread over her face as her gaze darted over the photo of her, nestled in Jacob's bare muscled arms while she cuddled their hour-old son to her breast. Jake looked exhausted, Liam looked wrinkled and pink and she looked like shit - of course - but that wasn't the point. It was the first picture of their family, and behind the fatigue and stress in those eyes was sparkling a happiness she'd never dreamed possible. It was the first moment of an entirely different timeline. One that was not just Jake n' Bells… but their future together. Lines were such funny things. Millions of new beginnings to be considered and starting lines to be mindfully crossed every day. But some were more significant than others. She'd always consider that day in Emily's kitchen - that day that was irreparably changed by two thin blue lines - as the most important day of her life. It was both an end and a beginning. The end of selfishness, childishness and fear… and the beginning of learning how to love with everything she had. Leaning back in her computer chair, Bella cocked her head at the picture, her face breaking in half with her smile. Her heart ballooned in her chest and suddenly she was pushing back her chair and stealing quietly down the hall to find the real thing. Peaking around the doorframe, her breath caught in her throat at the sight of two most important people in her world. Choking on a gleeful grin, she tiptoed back to her computer desk and snatched up her phone, silently creeping back to that magnificent sight. Shirtless (as usual) Jacob was engaged in some hard-core napping. Sprawled across the bed with one arm thrown over his head, the other hand protectively draped over their son sleeping on his chest, he could be the patron saint of Fatherhood. Liam stirred in his sleep with the sweetest little mewl, and Jacob's dwarfing hand stroked soothingly over his head before falling heavily back over his rump. Her husband's eyelids hadn't so much as fluttered, yet even deep in his slumber he protected, he cherished, he loved oh, so well. Bella adored him. Both of them. Her boys. Raising her phone she scrolled to the camera and focused. Click. A dark sleepy eye popped open. "Whatreyou doin'," he mumbled, his lips twisting up in a novocain smile. "It's going in the Timeline," she informed him, leaning her head against the doorframe and drinking him all in. "Effin' Facebook," he sniffed and then reached out a petitioning hand. "Sleep," he commanded. Bella set the phone on the nightstand and scooted into bed beside him, leaning her cheek on his shoulder as she ghosted a finger over Liam's silky black hair. Jacob wrapped his arm around her. "Mmm… now it's perfect," he murmured blissfully as he placed a clumsy smacking kiss on her forehead. Marveling at how he instantly returned to snoring, Bella scooched closer, squeezing her arms lovingly around his broad chest. As usual, Jacob was right. ' ' Review if you like.