to mine. "Bella, we're ready to start when you are!" Kat called from the door of the main studio, effectively interrupting our hot make out session. "Mm, duty calls. I'll see you at home?" he smiled down at me, cupping my face in his hands. "Of course, be careful on your way home. I love you." "I love you too." I leaned up on my toes to kiss his lips chastely before I took him by the hand, leading him out of my office and away from the offending letter that brought up questions of my past. "I like your hair like this, braids look good on you." Car complimented, tugging on said braid gently, as we stood outside the studio doors. "Well thank you love, now get back to your patients I have a class to teach." And with one more dimpled smile and a sweet kiss on the lips he left to go back to work, and so did I. But not without a few kissy noises and faces being made. Children. *O*O*O* It was about twenty after ten when I finally heard him coming up the stairs, He was dragging his feet, meaning he was tired as hell and ready to crawl into bed. I smiled to myself as I turned the page in my book, eagerly awaiting my tired husband so that we could turn in for the night. After some fun, that is. "What are you still doing up babe?" he asked groggily as he toed his shoes off, pulling roughly at the new tie I bought him before letting it fall to the floor. "I was waiting for you like I do every night." I said with a smile as I sat my book down on the nightstand. I watched in amusement as he stripped himself of his work clothes, not caring where they landed on the floor, until he was only in his black boxers. Damn I had a sexy husband. I thought as I watched him crawl up the bed, not stopping until his head was laying on my abdomen. His arms secure around my waist as he buried his face into my flat stomach. "What happened to you in high school?" he murmured against my bare skin, should I be offended that he hadn't noticed my outfit yet? "I kept to myself mostly," I sighed, knowing he wasn't going to let it go. The sooner I answered him, the sooner he'd notice what I'm wearing and fuck me into next week. "I was too caught up in dance to really make many friends in school. I had a few friends but we were a close-knit group. There were girls in my high school, a lot of girls, who were threatened by me. And it didn't help that I dated one of the hottest guys in school, he was the new guy and the only person he bothered with was me and a few of my friends. So, girls were mean to me my whole life, and then my last competition of my senior year and…I just don't want to see any of those people Car. Plain and simple." I shuddered at the thought, I've never told anyone about that day. And I didn't want to have to. "It couldn't have been that bad," it was then he chose to look up, propping his chin up on my hip bone. His eyes widened when he finally noticed what I was wearing. A black lace bra, with a matching silk robe that was left open. Yeah, I had his attentions where I wanted them now. "Damn baby." "Now do I have your attention?" I squealed in excitement as he pounced on me, straddling my hips to keep me from moving. "Oh definitely Mrs. Cullen, but first I'd like your attention." Damn. "What's on your mind Dr. Cullen, besides getting me naked?" I purred, running my hands up and down his chest, stroking his abs slowly just the way he liked. "You've been avoiding the decision so I made it for the both of us. We are going to Forks, I have some vacation time and you could benefit from taking some time off. Kat can take care of the dancers while we are gone. We'll leave the fifteenth and if you decide, before the reunion starts, that you want to come home then we will, okay?" I was stunned silent. Was he for real? The look in his eye answered my question, of course he was serious. He was Carlisle Cullen. And I knew better than to try and argue with my husband. "You really want to go to Forks?" "Yes, I really, really do." "Fine then. We'll go, as long as you promise we'll leave if I and you decide it's too much." And knowing my hometown and the nosey people that resides in it, he will want to leave within days of arriving. My sweet, noble, pacifist, and compassionate husband has no idea what he is getting himself into. "I pinky promise." He growled, grinding his prominent erection into my hot core to accentuate his point. And boy was it pointy. "I think you can do much better than that Dr. Cullen." "Oh, you have no idea." I giggled excitedly as he rid me of my robe, I was in for a good night. My husband really knew how to distract me, I just hope it would remain that way once we make it to Forks. Hey guys, so this is a short story that has been brewing in my mind for a couple days. And I have just now started putting it to paper. I've gained a lot of different inspirations for this story and I just had to start writing it. I'm projecting this story to be about 5 chapters, maybe a few more if needed. I will update as much as possible, because like I said it's going to be a short, short story. I hope you enjoy!