out life. She would be cooking or hanging the wash. Whatever her task, she would just listen. I would talk - ramble really - and she never asked me to get to the point because she always knew it would come out. And it did, eventually, and with a few "hmms," and "I sees," she let me talk until I got to the point and came up with the solution. Mamma rocked like that. Today, I told myself I was just killing time - catching her up on life and my friends, but there was that nagging feeling that told me to keep talking. There was more. I spend the better part of an hour telling her about Rose and her antics, going over the gigs I have played and have coming up, bar news. I even let her in on some of the town gossip. She always did love to pretend that she hated the hens spewing venom in among the frozen foods and canned goods, but she was always relaying it to me as I helped her haul the bags in. "So then, I guess Miss Mabel claimed she was only helping get a stain out of the carpet under Pastor Clearwater's desk." I could almost hear her laughter and see her as she wipes the tears from her eyes. Then I fall silent, I now know this is the time. This is the time in the conversation to switch. Funny - with her alive, I never felt the switch but I feel it now. I feel when the time comes more and more lately. My hands land palm up on my thighs and I let out a held-too-long breath. Staring at the bluish granite in front of me, I look down and close my eyes. Another breath and my hands leave my thighs. My head raises to the sky to the heavens - where I know she really is - and my fingers pull at my hair. Then I plead to the only one ever to tell me like it is, the only person to not give me an inch no matter what I have been through. "Mama, I'm just not sure anymore. I have been doing everything I ever wanted. I play my music. I run our bar. I have my friends." I pull my fingers through my hair and lift them to the sky before slapping them down on my thighs. "I just don't get it. Why the hell am I not feeling satisfied?" I am looking at the ground trying to figure out life, when the wind blows hard and I am knocked in the head by an acorn. "Ouch! OK, Mama, what am I missing?" Then I look up and the first thing that I see are the words on her headstone. I read them out loud. " 'Love and determined.' Really, Mama? No . . . No way at all." Then a stray dead branch narrowly misses my cheek and I give in. "Fine, but I promise nothing." Lifting off my knees, I place the same kiss as always to her stone and say my goodbyes. On the way to my truck, I think over all the signs then back to the things I rambled off. I really didn't realize I was missing anything until my talk with Mama. But just as I play back the end of our 'talk,' I come to the only stoplight in town and see on the other side a truck that most often is dirtier and driven by someone with dark skin and hair. This one is way too clean, way to shiny and the person behind it way to soft and styled to make it work. Shaking my head, the radio switches from the drone of the morning talk show to music. "It's sittin' by the overcoat on the second shelf - the note she wrote that I can't bring myself to throw away." Rob's voice rings out loud and clear. "Very amusing, Mama. I get it." I say into the open air. But as I do, I glance across the way and meet "his" eyes as his glasses are raised off of his face and placed on top of his head. There is about 40 yards between us, but I swear I see his eyes grow darker and him mouth a curse. I feel the pull - especially with the song filling the cab of the truck - and am overcome with the feel of how long it has been since I have had any action. Then I remember that he is everything I loathe. I hit the gas even harder and take off louder and harder than called for as I rip through the intersection. Blurring past him, I try for the first time in my life to block out Mama and her advice. There is no way in hell "pompous ass" will ever be more then scotch and tips. "Sorry, Mama." Turning off the radio with an angry punch, I head out of town for what I hope is a relaxing drive on the back roads. Just past the town limits, the radio switches on again. This time a talk show. " Love, how do we find it and keep it?" the sugary voice of the good 'Dr. Love' spews on. "I'm not looking, Mama, and especially not him." I swear to god I hear her clicking her tongue. Driving a few more miles, my truck starts to sputter. Pulling over to the side of the road, I pop the latch for the hood. Straightening, I catch movement in my rearview mirror. A much-too-shiny and very unwanted sight greets me. "Always pushing." I look up to the heavens and climb out, ready to tell "pretty boy" to keep on moving. E/N: Okay tell me... this was a short one but the next one that will be up within 24 hours (fully written and chapt 3 almost done) so leave me some love?