all over her onesie and the Volturi were coming. " Archie's unconscious, Jess is a mess. Eleanor is threatening to come get you. Earnest is trying to stop her. Beau is having a meltdown over missing his parents and Edythe is trying to help him while worrying about you and Archie and I have someone in surgery waiting for a heart transplant and the only other person who can do it has a sickness bug. So, sure Royal, I'll calm down." I took a deep unnecessary breath. Sometimes I didn't know how Carine kept it together. "I will tie up loose ends here but if I'm coming home, Abigail is coming with me." I said trying to be reasonable while watching Abigail wipe cheese in her hair. "Do I want to know who Abigail is?" She asked, taking a deep breath herself. "No." I said perhaps a little too quickly. "Make this air tight Royal. If the Volturi see the slightest sign that you've been there it'll be bad for all of us." "I will. Don't worry about me." I tried to reassure her. "Call Eleanor." Carine hung up. Abigail burped. I bathed her quickly, changed her and somehow convinced her to let me buckle her into the car seat. Then I cleared the house of any traces of our presence. Drove the car onto the road and went back up the hill covering the tire tracks. I'd bought the car under a different name and the house would easily be covered up. I drove to the gas station to buy snacks for Abigail and convinced the woman at the counter that she'd never seen me before. I got back to the car. "Hurry up hurry up, they all smell so good." Abigail was starting to panic as the streets which were moments ago deserted filled with children going to school. "We're going." I dumped the bags on the seat beside me and swerved into the road as quickly as I could. "Abigail, do you want to hear some more about my family? That's where we're headed, to my family in Washington." "Okay." She said, pinching her nose as hard as she could and keeping her eyes squeezed tightly shut. "Carine was the first of us to become a vampire. She's compassionate and caring and she spent many years alone before she saved Earnest. Earnest has a tragic past but he fell in love with Carine quickly and when she saved Edythe and then saved me he took to a fatherly role like a duck to water. I had a lot of problems, heck I still do but I was worse back then. I struggled with what had happened to me and the things I'd done but they were both there for me, Carine and Earnest." I looked back to check on her and she had become more relaxed, we were long out of town and away from such strong temptation. "Can I have the slushie you bought?" She pointed to the drink in the top of the bag. I passed it back to her. "If you think you're going to spill it say something. I'm thinking of keeping the car." She sucked the straw happily resting the cup on her lap. "Okay, so next came Eleanor, I found her dying after a bear attacked her and Carine bit her for me." "What.. What if she doesn't like me?" Abigail's brow furrowed. "Eleanor? She'll like you, don't worry about that. She's easy going, full of love and stronger than any vampire I've ever met, physically at least." She seemed less tense than she was and went back to her slushie. "Archie and Jessamine found us later. Archie knew all along that they would find us yet he waited patiently until it was time. Carine welcomed them into our lives and Archie greeted us like old friends. He has visions of the future so he knew what would happen." "Did he know about me?" She asked. "I'm not sure. Not everything is clear because people change their minds all the time, there are always other outcomes." I checked to see she was satisfied with my answer and it seemed she was. The slushie cup was empty and she looked cosy in the car seat with a new fluffy blanket over her. "Beau joined our family this spring. He was dying, having been bitten by a rival vampire so he had the choice, die or join us. He picked joining us." I looked back again to see Abigail asleep. I realised that I no longer assumed that becoming a vampire had been Beau's plan all along. To him, being a vampire was a method of survival, he probably didn't even consider that it could be a fate worse than death. Who really knew if Carine's theory of redemption was true or if we really were all doomed. It was a reckless thing to do and yet a little logical too. I dialled Eleanor. "Royal?" "Are you mad?" I asked her. "A little bit." She admitted. "I'm coming home." She sighed in relief. "I'm bringing a surprise too." "I love you so much, hurry home Royal." "I love you too El." The phone went dead and I smiled, she wouldn't be mad for long. I turned on the satnav and waited as it brought up a destination time. One thousand one hundred and two miles to go, just over seventeen hours. I hoped the baby vampire werewolf hybrid in the backseat would sleep for most of the drive but I expected that I'd be sorely let down in my hopes. So it turns out, a person can be half vampire after all. A/N - Let me know in the reviews if you would want to read more and subscribe to me as an author. If I write more it will be as a separate story. There may be some more Life and Death stories in the future too! Thanks for reading! R x