have four-wheel drive in the truck so we can make it. Just call Jacob and let him know." "Are you sure?" I turned around to see him standing behind me, so close I could smell his Ralph Lauren cologne. He was looking down at me with that look , the one that always left me weak in the knees. "Baby it's too bad out there, I'm sure." He kissed my head then went into the hall to turn the heat up, leaving me alone to call Jacob right quick. He wasn't happy to hear I'd be coming to pick up Mel in the morning, especially not with Edward, but he got over it when I brought up the notion of lawyers. Once I'd talked to Melanie for a minute I reluctantly hung up the phone, only to find that Edward had lowered the lights and brought out a bottle of wine and two glasses. I quirked a brow at him when he put in a CD with Baby it's cold outside starting up. The fireplace and the small tree in the corner were the only things lighting the room. It was beautiful and very romantic. It was so Edward. "Well, Mr. Cullen. I do believe you are trying to seduce me." I spoke saucily, swaying my hips slightly as I made my way over to him. He smiled widely at me, handing me my glass before taking a sip of his own, this was a new Edward. One I'd never known before, but he was still the same Edward I once knew. Just more mature, older. "Is it working?" he asked with a playful quirk of his brow, somethings never changed. "Maybe." I winked at him before slipping off my heels to curl up once more on the couch. There was no denying the want I continued to feel for Edward over the years, the love, the yearning. It was still prominent now. It always would be. "Good, I wish I could do things differently Bella. I wish I had brought you with me when I left, I've never stopped missing or loving you." His words hit me like a ton of bricks, I stopped mid drink, just looking at him over the rim of the glass. He put my feelings into words without even realizing it. I took a large swig, gulping slightly before lowering the flute to the small glass table in front of me. "Why didn't you? Take me with you, you didn't even say goodbye Edward. Do you know how much that hurt me? To wake up and you just be gone, no explanation or anything." The tears were there, and before I could stop them they were spilling over. Edward was by my side in an instant, swooping me up in his arms and holding me close to his chest, rocking me gently as to soothe me. I remember that day like it was yesterday, it was four days after graduation. I woke up, got ready, and headed over to his house. And he wasn't there, no one knew where he'd gone. His mother was hysterical and Carlisle was on the phone trying to find his son. His clothes were gone, a few other things, including his car, and nothing else. His mother couldn't even speak as she sat at the dining room table crying over a simple note. It had been addressed to all of us, saying how he was sorry but he had to do this. We were all confused, but most importantly we were hurt. "I don't know baby, I don't know. And I'm so sorry that I put you through that, I regret it every day of my life. I know I don't have the right to ask you this, but not a day has gone by that I haven't loved you. If I asked, would you give me another chance?" I wanted to say that his words shocked me, but they didn't. They thrilled me to my core, I'd wanted nothing more than to hear those words fall from his lips for so many years. I looked up at him, the tears gone and replaced with a soft smile. He was looking down at me calculating, awaiting my answer eagerly. "Are you asking for one?" Please say yes. "I am," a nod of his head, and a deep breath in. "Then yes," and a relieved breath of air out. "I love you Bella, and I promise I'll make this right." I smiled so bright it matched his own, he was so gorgeous when he smiled. "I love you too Edward, and you're already making it right by just being here." I touched my hand to his cheek, just admiring him, something I once took for granted. Well not anymore, I wouldn't. He looked back at me, deep into my eyes trying to convey the love he'd always felt for me, and just how sorry he was. The air was electric as we gazed into one another's eyes, everything I once felt for him, and still feel for him encased me like a warm embrace that was his strong arms. I felt it, it may have been years later but it still felt the same as it did that very first time. I watched in anticipation as he leaned down slowly, eyes hooded as our lips finally connected. For the first time in seven years, it still felt the same. Fireworks. I love this man, and there is no way I will ever let him go again. I'd gladly stay. I've made a few, small, changes to this story and added a little extra to it just to clear some things up. I will be posting a couple new chapters, and a few outtakes. I've been dwelling on this story since I posted it and I want to add a little extra to it, I hope you enjoy as I will hopefully post the new chapter by midnight tonight. Stay tuned.