browns. "You know, I don't have to be home for another hour," she stated, batting her long lashes. I never really understood why girls thought it was attractive. "We can hang out for a bit longer." "Sure," I agreed. Maybe this night wouldn't be a waste after all. I pulled over in a parking lot leading to one of the bike trails. As soon as I turned off the engine she was kissing me. It didn't take long that she was on my lap with my hands up her shirt. When I tried to undo her jeans she pushed my hand away. "Whoa, slow down sparky," she whispered against my lips. Fine, I could do slow. I trailed kisses along her jaw to her neck. Her breath hitched when I got to the sweet spot. With my hand kneading her breast and me sucking on her neck she started to pant a little. I reached down to try again. Again I was denied. "What's wrong?" "I don't screw guy that haven't earned it," she stated. "We haven't even gone on a date yet." I leaned back a little. "Who said I wanted a date," I argued. "If we're not going to fuck then why am I here?" She slid off my lap. "I thought-" "You thought wrong." I leaned over and opened the passenger door. "Get out." She stared at me in disbelief. "What?" "I said get out. You're wasting my time." "You can't just leave me out here alone." "Either you get out here or you can come to La Push with me and be stuck there. Which do you think will be easier to get a lift from?" She made the smart choice and got out. Without a glance back I sped off home. Fucking tease, I was going to have to take care of Woody when I got home. I woke up the next morning to my alarm going off. Really, I actually remembered to turn the damn thing on last night? Fuck, no wonder I usually didn't set the annoying buzzer. I reached over and slammed my fist down on the off button. Rolling over I closed my eyes and imagined going back to sleep. Sleep would be perfect right now. A soft knock sounded at the door, making me groan. "Paul," mom called. "Time to get up." I rolled over, pulling my pillow over my head. Maybe I could skip today and head up to Port Angeles early. Natasha would skip with me. We could have the whole day together. "Didn't you say you had to leave early this morning?" she yelled from the kitchen. Fuck off, I never went to school early. Why would I say such a thing? SHIT! The meeting in Lark's office was today. Quickly I jumped out of bed and yanked on the first pair of jeans I saw. With a shirt on I ran out of my room hopping on one foot trying to pull on a sock. I was out the door in a matter of minutes. Looking at the clock on the dashboard it told me I had fifteen minutes to get to school. I made the drive in ten. Taking a deep breath I calmed myself down. There was no need to rush. If I was going to make it out of this without harming anyone I needed to be calm. Counting backwards from ten was supposed to help with my anger issues… supposedly. The school councillor keep on telling me to do that while controlling my breath. Breath in. Ten. Hold. Nine Breath out. Eight I walked through the main doors and headed straight to administration. The third graders were hanging around their cubby holes passing some sort of trading cards back and forth while the middle school girls farther down were gathered by their hallway whispering. The teachers were standing outside their doors watching the students interact. Running up and down the hallway were the annoying kindergarteners and first graders, weaving between the other people as if they were statues. When I passed someone in the hall they would eye me cautiously. Seven. The third graders were still passing their damn Poke-crap card or whatever they're called. They started to argue. Two of the boys were tugging over something when one of them let go and the boy slammed into me. We both fell to the floor. Before I could say anything the kid was up on his feet and the third graders were gone. Idiots. Breath in. Six Hold. Fuck the kids were avoiding eye contact now. Five. Breath out. Mrs. Parker, the secretary, gave me the stink eye. Yeah, yeah, first bell hadn't even rung yet and I was already in the principal's office. Four. "Ah, Paul there you are. Come on in," Lark called. "Jared just got here." Rolling my eyes I entered the room. Three. "So I think you have something to say to Mr. Cameron." Two. Cameron was leaning against Lark's desk with his arms crossed. Looking into the kid's eyes I caught the all-knowing smirk on his face. It was like the one dad always wore when we argued. It said I-Know-Far-More-Than-You-Ever-Will. The arrogant little shit. My hands clench into firsts. Cameron raised one eyebrow as if saying I'm Waiting. One. Screw this shit. I threw the punch that I had been holding the back and sent Cameron sprawling onto Lark's desk. Ignoring Larks calls, I left the office. I didn't need this. I didn't need some wimp ass juicer to telling me that I was scum. I was better than that. I was stronger than that. Maybe a suspension is what I needed right now. A few days to cool off could do me some good. A/N Well there you have it. Chapter one is done. I really enjoy how it turned out the chapter went through a whole bunch or revisions before I felt it was good enough. I do hope you enjoyed it. Please review.