in half an hour. You need to wake up." Aro said waking Bella out of a sound sleep. She woke and sat up looking at the leader of the Vampires with a soft smile. "Thank you for waking me, do you have a hair brush I could borrow?" She asked looking at him sheepishly. "Of course. Here you are." Aro said placing one in her hand. Bella swiftly pulled her hair back and ran the brush through ridding it of tangles. She pulled it into a low ponytail. "Much better, thank you, Aro." She said sliding out of the bed and sitting on the edge pulling her socks and shoes on. "Okay, I am ready." She said. "I think you forgot something." Aro stated with a smile. "And what is that?" She asked curiously. "Food." She laughed realizing her mistake. "Right, Do you even have human food?" She teased lightly. "Of course we do. I even made you breakfast." Aro answered with a laugh. Bella's eyes widened in shock. "Thank you." She said appreciatively. She swiftly devoured the entire meal and smiled. "It was delectable." She said honestly. "Can you show me to where Jake is coming?" She asked causing Aro to frown slightly. Aro nodded and lead the way back to the Throne Room. "You may sit anywhere you wish." He told Bella and watched in fascination as she sat on the steps leading to his throne. Soon enough the doors were thrown open and every Vampire in the room flinched at the scent coming into the room. What shocked them more than the scent was the voice of a toddler calling out. "MOMMY!" At this voice Bella was on her feet and running to the little girl that was trying to walk to her. "Selene, my baby girl. I missed you, little one." Bella crooned to the year old girl. She turned and looked at Aro, seeing his eyes wide in shock. "Aro, this is Selene." She introduced the child in her arms to her mate. "Sure you just want the baby, never mind the friend that came all this way for you." A teasing voice said from behind her. "Jake, thank you for coming. For bringing Selene to me." Bella said fervently. She heard a gasp from her daughter and noticed Aro standing behind her. "Selene, this is Aro." She introduced her mate. Everyone was shocked when the child reached for him and when he took her in his arms he smiled sweetly at her. "Such a magnificent child." He said. He then turned to Jake. "I am Aro, and I along with my brothers Ciaus and Marcus, rule the Vampire world." "Jacob Black, wolf Shifter, and imprint of Selene." Jake answered. "Imprint?" Aro questioned looking at Bella. "Mate." She translated with a grin. "Ah... Interesting, but," he trailed off hearing several pairs of footsteps heading towards them. "Isabella sit on my throne, with Selene. Mr. Black would you please stand off to the side?" Aro directed. Bella took Selene and just as she sat down on the throne a Vampire she knew all to well appeared in the room. Aro was blocking the new Vampire's view of Bella. "My lords, I wish to inform you of a coven that has allowed a human the knowledge of our kind to live and because of her my mate was killed." Victoria stated looking at Aro then bowing her head. "I wish to be allowed to kill the human, as she is the reason my mate was killed." "That is disturbing news. May I ask your name?" Ciaus asked the redhead. "Her name is Victoria and she wants to kill me." Bella said from Aro's throne. Aro moved out of the way and allowed Victoria to see Bella. "YOU!" Victoria shouted and launched herself at the human. Before any of the Vampires in the room could move Jake had leapt and changed into his wolf form dragging the redhead down and placed one of his paws on her chest, holding her down. "Way to go Jake." Bella called out to them. "You would dare to attack my mate?" Aro demanded of the female Vampire. She looked at her king in fear. "I thought she was the mate of Edward Cullen." She answered. "She is the reason James is dead." She shouted angrily. "James is dead because he attacked me, severed my femoral artery, cracked my head, broke one of my legs, and bit my wrist. I am still human because Edward sucked the venom out of me." Bella informed the room. "I still can call revenge on you for the death of my mate." Victoria snarled at the human. "You can't when the person you are calling on is ranked above you." Aro growled out. "As she is my mate, that makes her your queen." "I will never bow before her. Hope I don't catch you alone, human, because if I do, I will kill you." Victoria swore. "Yeah whatever. Jake, let her up." The russet wolf raised his paw and walked over to Bella's side and laid down, ignoring everyone in the room. The moment Victoria realized she was free she attacked again and this time Jake responded by tearing her head off. He huffed and returned to Bella's side with a wolfy grin on his face. "Well that takes care of her." "Jane, Felix, take care of that." Aro snarled referring to the now dead redhead. The two mentioned moved in tandem and soon there was a fire going and ashes were all that were left of the Vampire Victoria. "However now we have a problem with the wolf." Aro pointed out. "I don't see how." Bella said gently. "He was protecting his mate, and her mother." She pointed out to her mate. "He also protected a queen." She added with a grin. "See look I am making loopholes already." She giggled causing Jake to snort at her. "Also who gets to sacrifice their cloths for Jacob?"