unsure of what to say back. Panic rushes through me when I comprehend that she knows my real name. I'm supposed to be invisible to her. I was supposed to get in, get the dirt, and get out. But now she knows me. I'm a blip on her radar. I need to find an escape route, to get away from her as soon as possible. But instead I stand in front of her, thinking about how nice my name sounds on her lips. Her eyes scan my face as she takes me in. She sees me. Besides Jenks and Alice, no one else ever actually sees me. It's part of the job. While she looks me over, I find myself doing the same. I've followed Mrs. Black for three days now, but I've never seen her this close. There is a small scar just above her top lip. Her eyelashes are dark and long enough to have left several small marks of mascara just below her eyebrow. Her eyes twinkle with mischief and happiness for just a moment before someone calls out her name. "Bella?" The blonde woman from earlier approaches us with an odd look on her face. She's clutching the binder that Bella gave her at the beginning of lunch with a tight grip. "Who's your friend?" Bella smirks at me and turns to her lunch date. "Oh, Rosalie, this is Edward. We just met. I tried to run him over." "It was my fault," I interrupt again, forcing my hand forward to shake Rosalie's. "I wasn't paying attention to where I was walking." I smile at Bella and she looks away from me. "Well, it was nice to meet you Edward, but Bella and I have a movie to catch." Rose smiles at me and I know she's not lying. I nod and look to Bella one more time. "Thank you for catching me, Edward," she says softly, suddenly refusing to look me in the eyes. "I hope I see you again." And with that, they're off, walking towards the main exit at a rapid pace. I shake my arms, as if that will somehow shake off the feelings Bella left behind, and head in the same direction. I follow them to a movie theatre but don't go inside. I've run in to them once today. If Mrs. Black sees me again it's game over. I wait in my car and flip through a book I'm trying to find interest in. My favorite author doesn't have a book coming out for another several months and I'm trying to find any other novel that captures my interest in the time being. Two hours pass before the two women emerge from the theatre. Mrs. Black is talking animatedly about something and her friend, Rosalie, nods in agreement as they walk the parking lot. Neither of them looks particularly happy. I wonder if they were displeased with the movie. They both get in to their respective cars and drive a short distance before pulling up to an attorney's office. Esme Platt, Attorney at Law is written on a sign just above the door. I write her name down and plan to look in to Attorney Platt and the kind of cases she works on. What are they up to? Bella walks in to the office holding only her purse, but Rosalie carries the binder in with her. They sit in the office for just over an hour before emerging again. Mrs. Black seems worn, but happy. Rosalie has a small smile on her face. They exchange a few words and hugs before Mrs. Black climbs in to her car and drives home. She does nothing the rest of the night. "I don't know, Jenks. I think I'm fine." I say while I sit in his office much later that night. I'm honestly not sure what time it is, but the clock was well past midnight the last time I looked at it. "She didn't notice me the rest of the day, and I followed them for quite a while." Jenks looks unconvinced. I plead with him more, even though I'm honestly not sure why I want to stay on this case so badly. For the money, I tell myself. Something in my gut churns, like even my organs know it's a lie. "I'll get a rental car and stay a little farther back. I don't think you need to take over yet," I promise. "You know I can do this." Jenks has been my partner for the entire eight years I've been working, and we make one hell of a team. He's pissed at me right now for allowing Mrs. Black to not only see me, but also to learn my real name. The fact that we had an entire conversation sets him even more on edge. "You really think that's a good idea?" His hands are clutching a stress ball. It's the one habit of his I've never understood. I don't think the ball actually relieves any of his stress, but I'd rather he squeeze it instead of punch me. I know the smart thing would be to give the case to Jenks. My cover has been blown. It's not safe to try and follow Mrs. Black anymore. But the idea of not seeing her again makes my stomach twist uncomfortably. I can't just walk away. I nod to answer his question. "It shouldn't take long to get dirt on her anyway," I swear. "I'll be in and out in no time. What ever she had in that binder was top secret. I just have to figure it out and that should be it. No one hides something that's truly innocent." Jenks nods tersely. He doesn't like this, but he trusts me. Plus, he's got a shit ton on his plate right now anyway. "Just don't screw this up," he begs. "We need this account." "Trust me, I know," I say, thinking of bills piling up on my desk.