and loving, and I wished my mother was more like her. My mother was flighty and forgetful, barely remembering to pay her bills on time or remembering when my birthday was. "Are you planning on college after high school?" Esme asked me as I helped her clean up breakfast. "Yeah, I want to study maritime archaeology," I told her before explaining that I'd already picked out some of the colleges I wanted to go visit. "Most of them are in Florida, so I wouldn't be too far from home, but there are a few schools in the Pacific Northwest." "Sounds like you have it all planned out," she said with an easy smile, and I shrugged, telling her that it was something I'd been thinking about since junior high. "I wish Edward was that together," she confided. "He's going into his sophomore year, and he has no clue what he wants to study. I realize that he doesn't have to declare a major just yet, but I hope he finds something that he loves." "I'm sure he will," I told her, but I wasn't all that sure. I couldn't picture Edward studying anything at all. Well, nothing of academic importance. I was sure he spent most of his time studying the female form. Once the kitchen was clean, I made my way up top toward the stern of the ship where the lounge chairs were. I sat down in one and closed my eyes, deciding to soak up the sun, but that didn't last for long. Dark clouds were rolling in quick, and Dad hollered for me to get inside. I hated being on a boat during a storm. I loved the ocean, and I loved boats, but I hated being at sea when there was a storm. Storms caused the waves to grow larger and the water to become rougher, making me fear the boat would crash or sink. I rushed down below deck and into my room, grabbing the life vest in the closet and turning around when I heard footsteps coming down the small hallway. "You okay?" Edward asked, leaning against the doorjamb, and I noted there was actual concern on his face. "Storms unnerve me a bit," I admitted, biting my lower lip and figuring that Edward probably thought I was a giant baby. "Well, it doesn't look like it's going to be a bad one. It seems like the storm is far enough away that we'll probably only get a few swells with some rain and thunder." I hoped he was right, but I flinched when a loud clap of thunder echoed across the sky. "Why don't watch a movie or something?" he suggested. "It might help you take your mind off the storm." I was game for that, so we made our way to the living room area, and he opened up a cabinet that held all kinds of movies. "Pick one," he said, so I wandered over and looked through the shelves before finally settling on one. "Is The Emperor's New Groove , okay?" I asked. Edward nodded, so I put the movie in to play and then sat on the opposite end of the couch that he was on. As we watched the movie, the storm outside picked up, and I could have sworn there was an electric current in the air. My fingers were itching to reach out and touch Edward, take his hand or run my fingers through his hair, and I had no idea why. Maybe being stuck on this boat for the past six days had finally driven me insane. All of a sudden, a large crash of thunder clashed nearby causing me to jump. I felt a warm hand on my shoulder and looked over at Edward, my eyes wide with worry and a slight bit of panic. "We're fine," he said, and I nodded my head, desperately hoping that was true as the boat began to rock harder and the waves in the ocean swelled. "You kids okay?" my dad hollered, and Edward couldn't remove his hand from my shoulder fast enough. "We're fine," Edward replied before standing up and telling me he was going to go check on his mom, and I was left sitting there, staring after him. When he didn't come back after a few minutes, I turned the movie off and made my way toward my room. I shut the door and climbed onto the bed, laying down and wrapping my arms around one of the pillows. I was lying there in the dark, listening the waves and the storm outside, wondering why the hell I felt so rejected. It wasn't like Edward and I were even friends, and I know that he just saw me as an annoying high school girl. Despite all that though, there was still that sharp pain of rejection when he'd yanked his hand off my shoulder like he'd been burned. At some point, I must have fallen asleep because I woke up to my dad shaking my shoulder. "What?" I asked, my eyes still closed. "Storms over," Dad said, and I opened my eyes and looked at him. "Carlisle's cooked up some dinner if you're hungry." I told him I'd be up in a few minutes, and once he was gone, I used the bathroom and washed my face. I took a few deep breaths, bracing myself to see Edward, and made my way to the galley. Dad and Carlisle kept up a steady stream of conversation, outlining the plan for tomorrow once we arrived at our destination, and I did my best to pay attention. However, most of my time at dinner was spent glancing over at Edward who had yet to look my way, or so it seemed. "Let's turn in early tonight," Carlisle suggested. "We're going to have a big day tomorrow." a/n: Well, there it is. The first chapter. Please let me know what you thought, and I'll see you next Sunday!