of his accomplishments." "I've never heard of him." Lydia's mouth managed to utter syllables yet again—every single time she found the oxygen in her already shriveled lungs to speak it amazed me like a child is amazed with having a coin pulled from behind their ear. "Well you do now, bitch. Isn't it amazing how that works out, hm?" Marcus spits out in an irritated tone, and Lydia flips him off before rolling her eyes. Marcus ignored her and continued. "Here's how this is going to work—he's going to examine every single one of us today because we're the most immediate workers that he has. If he doesn't like you—he'll fire you in a nanosecond. Get it? Don't piss him off, don't get too anxious, and don't make him feel uncomfortable. He's a very elemental guy, and I'm scared shitless of him already." "You've seen him?" Marianne scoffs quietly, leaning in closer to Marcus. He nods. "Yes. I have." We all gasp like a bunch of teenagers at his confession—all except for John who once again looks like he couldn't give two fucks if the sky came crashing down to our feet right now. "What does he look like?" She leans closer. "You'll see." He winks, positioning himself in front of Carlisle's—I mean Mr. Edward Cullen's door and knocking firmly just above his head. I hear a deep, calm voice echo from the inside. "Come in." Marcus didn't hesitate, quickly pushing the double doors open and stepping aside for our clearance. All four of us filed into the office one by one like kindergarteners and lined up in front of his desk like prisoners of war. His back was to all of us and he was looking out of his crystal floor to ceiling windows that perfectly assonated the beautiful dusking New York skyline as they always do. He was wearing a crisp white pressed shirt rolled up to his elbows, allowing his masculine arms to press through the thin fabric of his shirt, and black espresso dress pants—both were brilliantly tailored to fit his exquisite physique. His blazer was draped across Carlisle's large black leather Bahaus desk chair. It took me all of three seconds to recognize that thick messy mop atop his head. My heart plopped into my stomach, and I prayed and wished and conjured every being I knew of—deliberating how much luck I would have if it would just wouldn't be him. There was no way. He turned around slowly. Oh, fucking hell no! My life slowly fell apart around me and I wanted to cry, run, scream. So many emotions hit me at once as he scanned over the lot of us one by one. When his brilliantly tinted eyes fell onto me, my jaw tightened, and the only thing that I could hear was the cavity clenching sound of my teeth grinding in my ringing ears. I expected all hell to break loose, cities to crumble, empires to fall, legions to rapture, but instead his gaze remained impassive and then moved away from me, not even the slightest gesture of his recognition of me. I would have actually thought that he'd never seen me before in his entire life had the following events not occurred. Marcus cleared his throat and began to speak. "This is Marianne Walters, your receptionist." Marianne curtsied like the dainty flower she was. "Lydia Baker, your personal administrator." Lydia's huge, ass-kissing smile could have burn holes through the man, and when he didn't make any effort to smile back I had to suppress the laughter dancing inside of my larynx. Instead he simply crossed his arms over his wide chest and raised an eyebrow to her volcano-flushed mug. She was so obviously attracted to him, and thinking back on it now—I couldn't blame her in the slightest bit. 'Perfect' wanted to be him . "You've already met John, I'm sure. He's your uncle's right hand." Marcus gestured to John and John gave Mr. Cullen a tight nod. "And finally—" I suddenly forgot how oxygen worked, or more over how to actually utilize it. "Ms. Swan, your right hand." I flinched when he finally said my name. "Pleasure to meet you." I whimpered like a spineless loser, nodding and keeping my eyes to the floor where they belong. I heard a small chuckle resonate through the room then, and when I looked up, his eyes were boring into my flesh, but he wasn't angry—he was thoroughly amused. "So you do speak English?" My cheeks heated with ferocity, and I knew that at that point I was some shade of red, just didn't know which. "You two have met?" Marcus asked, his eyes darting back and forth between the two of us. Mr. Cullen settled into the desk chair and leaned back, resting his chin on his cupped hands. He waited a while before he finally spoke. "Miss Swan and I have quite a bit a history you could say." He sneered, and I snickered. Does he consider me hitting his half-million dollar car and then driving off history? What an odd man. "Is there something funny, Miss Swan ?" He mumbles under his breath. "No, sir." I shook my head. "I'm sorry for laughing." I tried to hide the sarcasm in my voice, but it was too prominent, and he knew that it was there because his entire mood shifted from amused to enraged within the blink of an eye. "Get out." He hissed, and I couldn't hide my astonishment. I turned, and began to walk out of the room. "Not you!" I turned back around to meet his irritated expression; he was looking around at everyone else. They were all just as stunned as I was, but they didn't argue. They all filed back out of the room like children once again, and when the doors were closed it was just him, I and the sound of busy cars below us bouncing off the dark gray walls of his office.