liquid seeped into my mouth. The taste of the earlier treat and this new drink mixed into something beyond anything I could explain in a few words…maybe a few guttural sounds boarding on the orgasmic, but words? I had none. "More?" "Yes…more." He gave me another sip and I floated through candy-coated sunshine. After another drink of the ambrosia, he had me bite into a sublime treat with a flaky crust and dense pudding that set off clamoring bells in my body for more of the taste of Spring. Edward murmured sweet words, heightening my experience of the tasty dishes he was feeding me. I was holding nothing back from him in words or sounds; even leaning into his delicate touches whenever I could, adding more to my gastronomical and physical arousal. It went on and on until I felt that I was going to fall into a glorious coma of no return until Edward said, "this is the last bite." He leaned over to kiss my cheek as he gave me the last of the meal, and then placed his mouth on mine, quieting my whimper of distress. He parted my lips with his, introducing a new flavor of sweetened-tart. His tongue coaxed mine into a dance that had me blindly grabbing his shirt front, pulling him as close to me as possible. I felt him brace himself above me, and gave into the kiss that was quickly escalating into more than a "menu tasting." "More," I moaned, hating that I was still blindfolded and Edward's body was not crushed against mine. Barely breaking the kiss, I felt myself being lifted and then laid on the carpeted floor. I reached up to remove the blindfold as Edward lowered himself onto me. We stared at each other for several seconds, breathing heavily as we silently asked each other if what we were doing was "okay" with the other. "Yes, more," I told him, placing my hands on his flushed face and brought his mouth into contact with my own. All thoughts of the Spring menu whizzed by as new thoughts of the heady taste of Edward filled my senses. Our movements became more frantic as we struggled to get our shirts off our bodies without letting the kissing stop. Fabric was ripped and thrown until I was in my bra and undies with Edward in his navy boxers with yellow rubber duckies. I glorified in being able to touch his heated skin and pressed myself closer. Edward turned us so that I was straddling his body, sending downstairs girlfriend into direct contact with his excited downstairs boyfriend. Both of us moaned at the contact and I carefully rocked against him again, unleashing that primal need to seek satisfaction, sending us into a rhythm that was building into something sweeter than peppermint mocha on a cold night. Forgetting time and place, I rocked, and rocked again, and again until I was gasping for breath. Edward grabbed my hips and moved with me, touching the most sensitive part, until I saw brilliant white light. I cried out as I gave into my frenzied movements, letting Edward guide me the rest of the way through my delight. He stiffened below me as I felt myself at the end, meeting me in the same space. The lightning diminished slightly behind my eyes in time to watch his beautiful face tense in passion. His head tilted back as he gave a strangled shout, pulsing against me. I tumbled to his side, entangling my limbs with his in the aftermath. I couldn't move, even though it was starting to feel a little gross in my now sodden undies. A big part of me didn't want to break our connection after being given such a treat by way of the Spring menu and then getting more time with Edward's naked chest. This was every mocha that Edward had ever made me rolled into one. Edward drowsily lifted his head to look down at me. "I think I should feed you every new menu I create like that from now on if that's my reward." "I accept," I told him, giving him a quick peck on the lips. -O-O-O- "Ladies and Gentlemen…and Bella," Garrett announced with an exaggerated wink in my direction, "The Coffee Nook is proud to announce its new Spring menu! A red velvet cloth that had been draped over the display case was removed to show an array of pastel yellow bon-bons coated in pink sugar, with pastel pink bon-bons next to them. Tarts with pale yellow custard and golden crust lined the shelves below. Bite-sized raspberry tarts were placed in-between them making it look like a chess board. Raspberry scones were situated in an artistic pile on a cake platter on the top shelf, featuring mini jars of homemade lemon curd. Thumb-print cookies were next to them filled with raspberry jam. Everyone gasped in delight before they broke into loud clapping. Garrett waved his hands for everyone to quite down as he turned to his smiling nephew, my talented, non-bastard, amazing orgasm-giving boyfriend, Edward. "…And for the piece de resistance!" Garrett called out in an atrocious sounding French accent. Edward removed a miniature red velvet cloth from a glass that was filled with a light yellow liquid at the top with a lemon stuck on the rim, coated in pink sugar that progressed down to a deep pink color with iced raspberries at the bottom. Oh's and Ah's sounded from the audience as I felt my taste buds tingle in anticipation. Even though I had tasted its mix of sweetness and tartness earlier, the sight of the drink held me stunned. "What is it?" someone finally asked. "Bella's Raspberry Lemonade," Edward announced. "One drink will have you easily puckering your lips for its kiss!" Did I mention that my boyfriend was a bastard? -O-O-O- Playlist: "The Soup Song" by Fast Romantics "Gold on the Ceiling" by The Black Keys "So Pure" by Alanis Morissette