gave in, but his scent was coming closer and clouding my mind. "If you want him to remain unhurt, I have to go." She let go immediately and stepped back. With another whispered apology on my part, I turned away, leaving them behind. When I was a safe distance away, I ran toward the forests in the north, hoping desperately to sate my bloodlust. After several hours of hunting, my rage still bubbled below the surface. I took the long way back to Bella's, cutting through city streets and finding a car that I could use for the night. I almost felt bad for taking something that wasn't mine, but I had plans. I was going to get the girl. Even still, my mind screamed at me to stop and think. I shouldn't go back tonight. I might do something I regret. Even with those thoughts, I found myself walking through the back gate of Bella's home and climbing the trellis. She lay asleep in her bed, still wearing the same dress she'd been in earlier. I couldn't help but notice her beauty. She was everything in this life that I'd never known to want. I'd never been interested in the female vampires I'd met in passing. They were lovely in their own right, but it was so loud in their minds, to have any type of attraction was difficult. With Bella, it was quiet and peaceful, but I had the suspicion that I would have wanted her even if I could hear her thoughts. She had a way about her that made me believe she'd been created just for me. I took a deep breath and let her essence fill my lungs, igniting a burning hunger inside of me. I was tighter than a bowstring, and I knew with one wrong move, I could do something terrible. Then as I walked toward her bed, I knew something was going to happen. She was too perfect. This life wasn't meant for her. In my mind, I saw all the things I'd thought of before. How she'd have a family and children and grandchildren. Maybe become a well-known artist. That's not her. She was always meant to be mine, and I just had to take her. It's why I was changed in the first place. It's why she was now living in my home. I cocked my head to the side and stared at the gentle curve of her neck and sighed. It's why I found her when she was young and in full bloom. I sat down softly on the edge of the bed, careful not to wake her. She wouldn't want to be awake for this or maybe I should… The decisions I had to make seemed so overwhelming, but then she whispered my name in her sleep, and rolled to the side. I felt something in me snap, and I just knew my eyes were black. With the little restraint I still possessed, I shook her awake. Before she could speak, I asked quietly, "Come with me?" Her eyes searched my face, and she nodded. "You'll keep me safe?" "Always." "Can we ever come back?" I looked around her room and shook my head. "Never." My eyes landed on the picture of her parents on her dressing table. "You can write them if you'd like." "Maybe once. Just to let them know I'm okay and that they can leave." I stood and reached out my hand to help her off the bed. "Pack a bag. Bring whatever you'd like to keep." Several minutes later, we were standing under our tree, staring up at her home. The car that I had stolen was a few feet away, turned off. The noise from the old jalopy was enough to wake-up even the soundest of sleepers had I left it running. "If you want to change your mind, now is the time." I reached out and took her hand. "This is the right choice." She looked from the house to me. "It's supposed to be like this." After a brief pause she continued in a whisper, "I'm meant to be with you. Forever." We locked eyes for moment before I opened the door for Bella. She slid across the seat, and I took my place behind the wheel, resting my right arm over the back of the seat behind her. "Where are we going?" "Wisconsin. I have a house there." She didn't ask, and I didn't offer an explanation. We drove in silence for a while before Bella fell asleep against my shoulder. I thought I would have been more frightened over what we were doing, but I wasn't. Finally, we arrived at the same cabin I had been taken to during my change. I pushed that thought away and whispered her name. She turned toward me as her eyes opened, and I leaned down and touched my lips softly to hers. I moved along her jaw and below her ear. She relaxed against me and sighed softly. Her hands moved up my arms and around my neck. Before I had the chance to change my mind, I traced my tongue along the artery in her neck. "You'll do fine, Bella. Be brave." "Wha—" Her words were cut off as my teeth pierced through of skin. Her blood slid down my throat. The first pure thing I had ever tasted in my life as a vampire. It was almost like I could taste her soul entering my body. I took several more large pulls from her neck, not noticing how she clawed and tried to pull away. Finally, and with great effort, I pushed venom into her veins and sealed her wound. I stared down at her wide, crazed eyes as she scratched at the skin of her neck. "What did you do?" Her voice was hoarse and scared. I reached and brushed her hair away from her shoulder. "Exactly what you wanted." Thank you for reading! See you in 2014!