the stomach really, really hard? Me neither, but I was pretty sure it felt something like this. I couldn't breathe, my heart was beating a mile a minute, and he was fucking relentless. His eyes flicked down to my mouth, and then back to my eyes, and then he bit his lip, and I sucked in a sharp breath of air to calm myself. Didn't work. "Mr. Cullen—" I breathed, I'd never been so terrified in my entire life, while at the same time shocked that I was so happy to be so damn terrified. "I've come to you now, Miss Swan—will you help me?" He asked, his tone shockingly hopeful for someone who pretty much knows what my answer has to be. I blinked, swallowed hard, and studied his beautiful face one more time before opening my mouth to speak. "What do you need me to do?" A beautiful, breathtaking smile spread across his bright, sunlit face. Pushing away from my chair, he leaned back against his desk again, his mind traveling. "Well first, I'm gonna need you to wrap that smart-ass mouth of yours around my cock—would that be okay?" Heart failure. What did he just say to me? Did he just ask me to give him fellatio in the middle of his office? Is he serious? Am I considering this? "I beg your pardon? " I grumbled. He crossed his arms back again. "You're divorced, you're lonely—this could be good for you." Son…of a bitch…"What the hell do you know about me?" I was so getting fired today. One for not indulging this man, and two for ripping his eyeballs out and feeding them to him. "I know that you are an intelligent woman, but you have a pole so far up your ass it's sticking out of your mouth." Holy, fucking shit…he did not. I literally slid my fingers over my opposite arm and pinched down hard on the delicate skin underneath until I knew it would bruise, inwardly cursing at the pain of reality. Yep—awake. He narrowed those damn death of me eyes and waited intently for…my response? "I do not have a pole up my ass. I am a professional —ever heard of one?" "I'd like to train that gorgeous body of yours, Miss Swan. Make it a professional at something." He said—no fucking shame. It caught me way off guard, but I refused to give him the upper hand. I kept a straight face with no smiles, no frowns—just a gaze, and a blistering one at that. "Running a marathon?" I asked innocently. He leaned forward, sticking his eyes to mine. "Harder. Much harder." Oh boy… This guy…"Are you honestly going to sit here and sexually harass the Human Resource lady?" I asked incredulously. He actually thought about it for a moment—the smug bastard. "Perhaps that would be ironic—if you actually felt you were being sexually harassed…which you do not." He quipped. Damn it. He doesn't run this company just for show—the asshole has a brain on him, and he's perceptive, too. I was growing irritated. "If I refuse—will you fire me?" I asked calmly, testing the waters. When he smiled crookedly, my heart sank. His teeth were like pearls wrapped in white satin, they were the kind of straight and perfect that would make a dentist weep. Without saying a word or even attempting to, he shook his head, the smile never leaving his beautiful, symmetrical features. "Will you fire me if I stood and left right now?" I risked, staring at him intently. "No." He said, but barely, uncrossing his arms and sauntering back around his desk to sit down. "Feel free to leave." He used one hand to gesture towards the door. "Just like that?" I asked suspiciously. "Just like that." He repeated, resuming the work on his desk engagingly. "Wow." I stated, attempting to stand. It was like a dream—it was strange, surreal, and he let it go as if it were absolutely nothing at all. His eyes rose from his work but he didn't make an effort to face up. "I'll be seeing you of course, Miss Swan." Fuck he was disconcerting. I tried throwing him a taste of his own medicine. "You're an interesting person, Mr. Cullen." He reeled back, clearly surprised. "Why's that?" He asked, cocking one of those delicious eyebrows and flashing me a smug grin as he leaned back in his chair. "Well you've got all this money and power, but you're clearly all alone." His face fell, and out wrenched from those eyes so morbid and full of predominate secrets a flicker of emotion that even I—who studied the human condition for a living—could not read. It flexed and curved through his features reluctantly and, almost as if a door had been slammed shut, it disappeared. Mr. Cullen nodded confusedly, his lips turning up into a cute little smile. "You think so?" I said nothing. "Well you're good at your job I can give you that." He said, giving nothing away. I softly bit my lip to stop myself from asking him what his problem was, instead standing from the chair and heading towards the doors from which I entered. Turning at the waist halfway through the door, I threw him one of my rare, trademark smiles that my dad always said could melt dry ice. "Feel free to come by my office if you ever need someone to speak with, sir." I offered, fleeing from the room before I could catch his response and scurrying back to the safety of my tiny hole of an office. I was so sure that was the end of it. No way was this going to persist into anything more. Thought it was maybe some practical joke—hoped to hell it was. Maybe this was his hobby. Open and shut case. I keep my mouth shut and I can continue my quiet, dreary life in peace without a care in the world. … Fuck was I wrong.