have much left in her savings account, but she was starting her job soon and she wanted to invest in Paul's artwork. For some reason, she had been drawn again and again to the painting of the young girl in the meadow that she had talked with Paul about. She walked over to see if she could discretely find a price but there was no tag on it so she made her way over to the coordinator and asked if it was for sale. "I'm so sorry, dear, but that particular piece is not for sale. We have many other pieces that I am sure you would be most pleased with. May I show you around a bit?" It was obvious she wanted to make a sell and with all the wonderful pieces she'd seen, Bella had no doubt she would be able to find something to her liking. She couldn't help the stab of disappointment that ran through her though; she wanted that one. Again, she hadn't heard Paul come up behind her but she turned when she heard his voice, "Simone, can I have a second with Ms. Swan, please?" Bella couldn't imagine what he could possibly say that would require them to be alone but she held her tongue and ignored the flutter in her chest as they watched Simone walk away and she waited on him to speak. "Which painting were you asking about, Bella? There are certain pieces that I don't want to get rid of but I'm always open to negotiation. Can you show me the one you wanted?" He stepped aside so she could go ahead of him. She made her way over to the portrait and motioned toward it with her hand. "It's this one, the one we were looking at earlier. As I said, I don't know why but it just speaks to me. I don't know what it's priced at, I can't pay much since I'm just starting my new job here, but I would love to have it. Would you consider selling it?" "Normally, it's one I wouldn't want to part with but, for you, I will. I know you will take care of it. I just wanted to make sure it went to the right person." His voice was professional but there was some kind of emotion in it that she didn't understand. Something flickered in his eyes too but she didn't have time to ponder it as Jake came over, asking her if she was ready to head home. "Yeah sure, let me just take care of paying for this painting. Who should I give my credit card to, Paul?" She reached into her bag, searching for her wallet. "You know what, we'll send you a bill or something. It's late, don't worry about paying for it right now." He pulled the painting off the easel and walked in the back with it. She presumed he was going to put some type of covering on it to protect it on the ride home. She couldn't NOT pay for it though, so she kept her credit card out, determined to make Paul take it when he came back. She was talking to Jake when Paul walked back out into the main part of the gallery. He already had the painting crated and ready to go. She couldn't hold back the protest that had been running through her mind though, "Paul, I can't take your painting without paying. Please just tell me who I should talk to and I'll get it taken care of right quick." "Everything is already shut down for the night, Bella. I told you, we'll take care of it soon. I'm not worried about it; I know where you live, remember?" Paul gave her a cocky little grin that made her heart beat faster. She had no idea what was going on with her tonight. He was an extremely handsome man but she didn't understand this overwhelming attraction she felt for him. The confusion buzzing around in her head made her stumble through a 'thank you' before she, Jake, and Embry walked out to Jake's Mustang. Jake stowed her painting in the trunk while Embry helped her into the passenger seat. She didn't say much as they made their way back to Forks. Her thoughts jumped between her reaction to Paul and why he wouldn't allow her to pay for the painting, why he'd been mysterious about it. It was obvious the guys noticed her silence but they didn't try to involve her in their conversation. She knew Jake would have something to say later though. After pulling up to her house, Jake got out and carried the painting inside for her. He gave her a kiss on the cheek and started out the door but hesitated and turned around. "Bells, thanks for going with us tonight. It really is great to have you back as part of the group. Don't forget about the bonfire tomorrow." Bella nodded her head, reassuring him that she remembered. She was looking forward to it so much. She hadn't had a chance to catch up with everyone and she had no doubt they would all show up. The Pack never passed up a chance to have a party. She was a little nervous about seeing everyone after being gone so long but she was so happy to be home and there was no other place where she felt that more than in La Push. It had been that way for as long as she could remember. She had just turned around, ready to head upstairs when Jake called her name once more, "Bells, one more thing. I hope I don't regret telling you this but you need to know...that painting...Bella, the girl in that painting is you. He painted that years ago and has held onto it for a long time. It means the world to him. And he gave it to you. Think about what that means, Bells."