he's afraid you don't like him… Why wouldn't I like him? He's the most gorgeous boy in school! And the star quarter back! So what? You are a famous figure skater, and a track, and softball star! Football players are so much more important though! Yeah right! But, everyday we flirt with each other….how couldn't he know that I like him and that it is real? Maybe he just thinks it's friendly fun. You have known him since the 2nd grade! Yeah, so…..oh my gosh! What if he has just been leading me on? Don't think such absurd things Bella! He's your friend! He would never do that to you! Your right. Oh my gosh, I need to stop having internal conversations with myself! Because that's when I know that I am definitely losing my mind! Now when I start talking to myself out loud, then there is where I need to be worried. But now isn't the time to think about this! I need to start thinking about my rehearsal tonight, I like to have my programs perfect for when I do Charity Skates. Tonight is my dress rehearsal so I am wearing my costumes that I have chosen for my songs. I am skating to Dirty Dancer, Masquerade, and Dumb Love. It took me forever to figure out what costumes to get for the routines, let alone what to do for my hair and make-up but after a few hours of surfing the web and talking with my coach I found the perfect costumes. For 'Dirty Dancer' I'm wearing a one shoulder dress that has a nude colored bodice and black lace pattern and a ruffle white skirt. It looks amazing, I just hope it wont be a problem when I get out on the ice, but that is what these dress rehearsals are for. Along with that I am wearing my white ice skates so that will match my dress. For 'Masquerade' I am wearing a really cute black and pink long sleeve flapper that is absolutely adorable. It's really short, but practically all of my outfits are but it is absolutely gorgeous. The sleeves are off the shoulder and the neck line goes all the way up and around my neck. And Lastly for 'Dumb Love' I am wearing a simple black dress with long sleeves and a short frilly skirt that fans out slightly at the waist. It is my most simple costume for this program and probably from all of my previous programs but I love it. To go along with it I am going to wear my nude color ice skates, I don't wear those often but I thought they would work for this one. I haven't decided about my hair and make-up yet but I have time for that. I was brought from my reverie by the bell. I shook my head slightly to rid myself of the figure skating thoughts for the time being. I hope I didn't miss anything. But we just started a new chapter in English on fiction that we are actually starting tomorrow, today was just prep. Which I'm sure Edward will tell me all about if I ask him. "Please tell me I didn't miss anything important?" I asked him worriedly as we walked out of the classroom. He smiled widely at me while throwing his arm over my shoulder as everyday. "Were you not paying attention? Or were you too busy thinking about how much you want me?" he asked 'seductively' I just rolled my eyes, ego centric jerk! But that's half true. "No I wasn't paying attention. I was just thinking about my costumes for the Charity Skate. You guys will see me in it tonight because I have to get the feel of it before I go out there for real. This is yawl's by week right?" "Yes ma'am. And I cant wait to see you in one of those gimpy outfits. You'll look so hot Bells!" he told me jokingly while smacking my ass. I squealed while rearing around to smack him in the arm. "Ow! That's my throwing arm babe! I need that! And you know you liked it!" I rolled my eyes at him as we stopped in front of my trig class. "Yeah well. I will see you later you big lug! And don't get into any trouble! Can you do that until we see each other at lunch?" "Yeah I think I can. See ya Bells." "Bye." I said as he gave me a tight hug before letting go so I could go into class and he could go to Spanish. I so can't wait for tonight! One I get to start my new routine on the ice! And Alice, Edward, and all of our friends, plus Edward's and Alice's parents are coming too! Gosh tonight cant come quick enough! EPOV I walked into Spanish and sat down beside Emmett. He just smiled at me and looked back down under the table to look at his phone. I shook my head with a smile. He's gonna get that damn thing taken one of these days. And when he does, I'm going to laugh. Because he has a droid! But my phones better! I've got an Iphone 4! Bella and I have the same phone, we talk as much as we can between all our after school activities and all. Bella doesn't really have time for friends outside of school whenever she has figure skating going on, especially with competitions coming up and all the Charity and Exhibition stuff. But I still love her. She has great commitment and I cant wait to see her skate! Tonight will be amazing. currently revising story. I haven't messed with this chapter much but the second chapter is currently getting a full new make-over before I re-post that and upload the third chapter. I hope you enjoy and check out my other stories I will start revision on those shortly. thank you!