alone with two vampire bodies and two vampire heads. Fire was the way to make sure they stayed dead. Surely Archie would have seen what happened and help would be on the way? Edythe wouldn't leave me to deal with this alone, even if everyone was worried about the baby Royal brought home. Or maybe they would. I was a vampire now. Strong enough to deal with almost anything. I'd just helped to kill a vampire. Cringing and feeling a little queasy, which was something I knew was all in my head, I ripped the vampire bodies up into smaller pieces while considering how to start a fire in this damp under growth. It was surprisingly difficult to tear them up. Despite my new strength, vampire skin was rock solid. They often cracked more than tore. "Beau, can I borrow your shirt?" A voice I recognised came from the forest not far away. "Jules? What are you doing here?" I asked curiously. None the less removing my shirt. My vampire sight had allowed me to see the back of a naked form trying to hide behind a tree. I looked away before tossing the shirt in her direction. "Saving you?" She muttered idly. "Well, that wasn't the reason I was running in the first place. Sam was driving me so mad I just had to run to clear my head." I dared to glance up as I heard her walking towards me. Was she? .. Was she the wolf who saved me? It wouldn't be unprecedented considering the nature of her tribe. I was sure I'd seen that wolf before though, when I met Bonnie Black. Had Jules been a wolf this whole time? "I was running to clear my head too." I admitted. Her long hair looked like a mane down her back. I was glad that my shirt covered her to mid thigh, she had a beauty to her that was both unlike and equal to that of Edythe's. She picked up a canister and a lighter. "I raided a cabin in the hopes of finding some clothes but I did find lighter fluid and a lighter. We just need to surround the pieces with rocks to contain the fire." Jules looked at me expectantly. "Of course." I ran a lap around the waterfall, collecting rocks as I went and made a circle, placing all the torn up vampire pieces inside. The wind blew. "Jules, you smell.. like food." I held my breath and clutched at my burning throat. Jules started the fire, ignoring me while she did it. I turned around a took in a few gulps of forest air, getting the thirst under control. "I.. I'm fine. You may need to be slightly worried though." "I'm not worried Beau. I might not be as strong in human form but I'm pretty sure I could still take you down." Jules kept the fire under control as she spoke. So, she really was a werewolf. "I didn't know you were the brown wolf. I would have.. greeted you somehow. When I spoke with Bonnie." I felt awkward and as though I'd been rude. "My mom wanted to keep me turning quiet and I don't think Sam wanted everyone to know but I'm okay with it." She began stomping out the few remaining flames. The vampire bits had burnt very fast. "Is that why you ran?" I helped with the flames, worried that she might catch alight. "No. Sam's mind can get a little tedious to be inside. Years ago, she had a fight with her boyfriend, Ethan and the anger started her transformation. He has some nasty scars. They're together and happy but the regret and anguish just gets to be too much." "Sam's mind? You can read minds like Edythe?" Curious, I double checked that we didn't leave anything behind before we began walking back in the direction of Forks. "Just people in the pack. Sam, Pauline, Embry and my Mom and Holly Clearwater. It's like my mind isn't my own, everyone knows what I'm thinking, when I'm thinking it. I think it's polite to stay out of people's heads unlike the rest of them. It's not always possible though, some people are just really loud."She looked a little sullen. "So, how is life being a vampire?" "It's different." I hesitated. I felt like I could tell her anything but if the rest of the pack could hear her thoughts then perhaps it was better not to. "I guess you know, what with being a werewolf. Everything is enhanced. The transformation was a little traumatic, I went to the ballet studio to save my Mom and instead I got bitten by Joss. I'm pretty sure I screamed most of the car ride back from Arizona." "You know, becoming a werewolf isn't all that painful. It's not pleasant but after a couple turns it's not so bad." She mused. "Would you mind if I run on ahead? I'm eager to get back to Edythe, I thought it was her in the forest before I saw you. Usually Archie knows if something is happening, I'm a little worried." I admitted. "Sure. I might change back and run a little further. Can we hang out some other time? Preferably not in a situation where we have to kill vampires. I don't mind as such but they don't make good conversation." I laughed, She smiled. "I'd like that. I have your number in my new phone, I'll call you." "You have to, I need to give you your shirt back sometime." I wanted to tell her she could keep it but I really did want to see her again. "Thanks, by the way. For coming to my rescue. I'm not sure I'd have made it back." "No problem. Bye Beau." She flashed her grin once more before running off into the undergrowth. A/N- Thanks for reading! Please follow author for further chapters as each will be posted as a story. Rx