when his emotions swept over them, realizing just how much things needed to change. They had let Edward and Alice guide the coven and the emotions Jasper felt with Bella in his arms told them just how much of a mistake that had been. Emmett was right, they all had a choice and they shouldn't have let the decisions of two determine the actions of them all. Bella slowly came to an hour later, feeling deliciously relaxed and well rested for the first time in months. She kept her eyes closed at first, relishing in the unfamiliar peaceful feeling, and let out a delighted sigh. She felt whole in a way she never had before and it made her instinctively tighten her grip on the vampire holding her. Tucking her face into the cool skin of his neck, she inhaled deeply, taking in a scent that caught her by surprise. For the first time in over a year, the heady scent of home surrounded her, one of desert winds and summer rains, and it called to her on a primal level, making her feel completely at ease. She exhaled slowly, savoring the comforting notes of home, and a shiver ran through the person holding her. It was then that her eyes flew open in realization. The person holding her didn't smell like Emmett or Rosalie. A deep chuckle escaped Jasper when he felt her awareness take hold and Bella slowly leaned back to look at him. Jasper steadily met her gaze and said seriously, "Rose said I'm the only one you're not mad at." A giggle from behind her had Bella leaning back even further until she was looking up into Rosalie's golden eyes. Smiling at her, Rose ran her fingers gently through her hair and whispered, "Hi, Bella." Bella smiled brightly at Rosalie, feeling a rush of affection that Jasper found addicting, and murmured, "Hi, Rose." She slowly pulled herself back up and studied Jasper in silence, looking deep in thought. He looked back at her just as thoughtfully, wondering what she was thinking. Seemingly out of nowhere, Bella asked, "Did you know you smell like Arizona, Jasper?" He shook his head and she nodded, "You do." Catching him off guard, she tucked her face back into the crook of his neck and inhaled again, murmuring against his skin, "Like desert winds and summer rains. You smell like home." Jasper wasn't quite sure when Bella had gotten so brave, but he liked it. He reflexively tightened his hold on her and shared a look of surprise with Rose before catching the shit-eating grin on Emmett's face. Emmett might've felt torn up about missing out on the last few months of Bella's life, but he had to admit he liked how much Bella had changed in the time they were gone. Without Alice and Edward there to dictate her actions, she'd really grown into her own. She even dressed differently, wearing flannel like her dad often did and the cowboy boots he hadn't seen since her first day of school, when she first moved up from Arizona. The look reminded Emmett of Tennessee and probably appealed to Jasper's inner Texan just as much as it appealed to his own country roots. A slow smile crept across Jasper's face as Bella leaned back to look at him again. His eyes darkened a shade as he met her gaze and murmured, "I guess we match then." Bella frowned and asked skeptically, "We do? I thought I smelled like freesia." Emmett snickered while a mirroring frown stole across Jasper's face. He shook his head a little and asked, "Is that what Edward told you?" When Bella nodded, his eyes lit up with a spark of mischief. Before she had a chance to react, he ducked down and tucked his face into the crook of her neck. He inhaled slowly, running his nose seductively over her carotid, and relished her reaction. Her breath hitched and a thrill ran through her, quickly followed by a surge of lust. Not once did her fear spike and he reveled in that knowledge. Adrenaline raced through her veins, but not a hint of fear. Jasper paused for a second when he realized just how close his teeth were to her neck and noticed, with no little amount of astonishment, that his bloodlust hadn't surged. It dawned on him then that this was only the second time he'd been in the same room with Bella without Edward being present. He'd only ever been alone with her once, in Phoenix, and he hadn't noticed his lack of thirst a year ago; he'd been so worried at the time about James finding a way to get to Bella that the thought never even registered. All this time, Jasper thought he couldn't control his thirst around Bella when, in reality, it was Edward's unbearable bloodlust that he couldn't move past. Focusing on Bella again, Jasper slid his right hand into her hair, and gently supported her tilted head while he inhaled again. His Texan drawl slipped out when he remarked in a husky tone, "Desert wildflowers. That's what ya smell like, darlin'." Another thrill ran through her when she picked up on his accent, one she hadn't known he had. He smiled against her skin when he felt how much she liked it before schooling his face and slowly lifting his head. He lazily leaned back and met her chocolate eyes as she turned her head to look at him. Her gaze dropped to his lips for a second, sending a hit of adrenaline and a thrill rushing through his own veins, before she raised those doe like eyes of hers to his once more. Unaware of his actions, he tenderly ran his thumb over her jawline and Bella merely stared at him for a long moment. Finally regaining the use of her mouth, she murmured, "Why do I get the feeling I missed something?" and the entire room exploded with laughter.