Cullens. I want them to be a part of my life." " That's up to them." Together, they walked down the stairs to find the Cullens assembled in the living room. " Bella, we're going to Italy. We're going to try to straighten all of this out," Alice told her. "You should go with Jacob. We'll keep in touch. But we can't see you anymore. If we did, it would be disastrous." " No!" Bella cried out, looking around for someone to support her wants. " Bella, please. If we don't the Volturi will come for you, and the wolves. I've seen it. We've got to go fix it." Bella sniffled and Jacob held her close to his body. "I'll miss you." " We will miss you. But, Bella, go. Go live a happy life," Esme told her, as they grabbed their bags and headed out the front door. Bella ran out the door and screamed in frustration. "I love you! You're my family! Don't leave me!" " We aren't your family. We will always love you, but you will have your own family and it will be beautiful," Alice told her as she ran up and gave her one last hug. " How can you know that?" Bella cried, holding as tightly as she could to her vampire best friend, not wanting to let her go. " I've seen them. Your children, your grandchildren. Yours and Jacob's. Now, let me go. I don't want you to get hurt. I love you. You'll always be my sister," Alice said, as she darted away. Bella stood staring as the cars left with the Cullens in them. She cried again until Jacob lifted her up and carried her back to La Push. She never moved out of his house again. One month after the Cullens left, Emmett called frantic. The Cullens and some of their friends had stood up to the Volturi. They ended up killing two of their leaders. The guard were furious and promised to take it out on Bella and the Quileute's. Emmett had given them enough information and lead time to prepare for the arrival of the 4 guard members. They could have had the advantage over the wolves if they had the element of surprise. Alice told them exactly when and where they would arrive. The fight had barely started before it was over. Bella continued to swing, mulling over Jacob's words. In a way, he was right. In the beginning, she hated that she didn't die with Edward that day. That he didn't give her the choice. But Alice was right about the future. She did have a beautiful family with Jacob. She didn't want to ruin it and she wanted Jacob to have a peaceful life. She explained her reasoning to him. He paced the length of the porch, thinking over every odd thing that had happened in his life. Who else knew besides Bella and Embry? Had they been chummy all this time? The questions rolled through his mind as he paced. It took him awhile before he finally calmed down enough to sit with her. He was still furious with her for not telling him that Jay was a lone wolf and that he had imprinted on their daughter. "Did you know about the imprint?" he asked. "Yes," she whispered. "Were you ever planning on telling me that Embry imprinted on you, Bella?" he asked, shocking her with his knowledge. Her head whipped up. "He did not." "Yes, he did. Do you really not know?" "How could he? We've been together for almost 30 years, Jake. You marked me on our wedding night." She stopped and thought about it. "That's why you did it, isn't it?" "No, that's not why. I did it to protect us from imprinting. I didn't want for us to lose each other. You'd already lost so much." Jacob looked down at his wife that he still loved so much. He never told her how he and Embry had fought after their wedding night. Embry knew the imprint had been broken and he was pissed at Jake for not giving Bella the choice. Maybe he should have. It hurt not being given a choice. "Jacob, maybe we did some things we should have done differently. But one thing I wouldn't do differently is us. I love you. Embry is my friend. That will not change. I'm sorry for not telling you about Jay. He was handling it fine on his own. I didn't want you to think he couldn't protect me or Maria." "I'm sorry for telling you about Embry like that. I'm not sure I should have ever told you." "It's okay. It doesn't change anything. Can we go back in the house now? I'm freezing out here," she said, holding up her feet only in a light pair of socks. "Yeah, let's go," he said, carrying her in the house. They ended up making passionate love that night, apologizing to each other without words. In the morning, Jacob noticed that Jay wasn't at the table with Maria. "Where's Jay?" he asked. "He went home to see his dad for a while. Said he couldn't sleep," she responded, her cheeks turning pink. "What are you lying about?" Bella asked. "I'm not lying about anything," Maria answered, looking away and reddening further. "Spill, Maria." "Ugh…he heard you guys last night, okay? He was grossed out that he could hear you guys going at it," she responded. "Oh," Bella replied, going back to the pancake batter she was mixing up. Her cheeks turned the same shade of red as her daughter's. It was a genetic trait. They both blushed at the drop of a hat. "Oh, please, like we don't know how you got pregnant," Jacob said to her as he drank his morning coffee and read over the morning headlines. All sound in the room evaporated. He looked up to see both women staring at him. "What?" he smiled.