new kids in each of my classes. I had Landon in my first three periods, Rayne in Third, and Ives in Fourth. Although Daniel is also a senior, I haven't had any classes with him. I also had no classes with Patrick because I learned that he's only a sophomore. Even though they're juniors, Rayne had Trig with me because of her advanced classes and Ives shared Spanish with me. Apparently, I was still in my zombie state yesterday, which is why I hadn't noticed Ives and Rayne earlier. I also found out that Landon and Rayne are actually blood-related siblings and that Rayne is dating Daniel. It wasn't quite a shock but it did hit a sore spot somewhere inside my chest. As Ives and I walked out of fourth period, he insisted that I sit him for lunch. "But Ives…" I whined. He just rolled his eyes and continued to drag me across the cafeteria. I could feel his intense heat through the touch of his hand once again. "Ives? Why are you so hot?" I asked. "Body heat, I guess," he shrugged. "No, like you're really, really hot," I continued. He looked at me and grinned. "Well, I'm glad you think so," he smirked. "That's not what I – " "You bitch!" Lauren's shriek echoed around the cafeteria. "Uh oh," Ives muttered. "Not helping," I hissed, pulling my hand out from his. I turned around and saw Lauren storming her way towards me. I couldn't help but smirk at her bandaged nose. "It's all your fault!" she accused, stopping right in front of me. "Pray tell, what is my fault?" I asked with annoyance. "It's your fault that Edward didn't notice me. It's your fault the Cullens left. It's your fault that I have a broken nose, and it's your fault that Landon won't even look at me!" she yelled. "Okay, I get the first three, but what the hell do I have to do with Landon not liking you. You probably turned him off just by being in the same room as him," I replied. "I heard that you were cozying up with him from First to Third," she accused. "You're cheating on me?" Ives asked, acting appalled. I threw him a heated glare. "You two are going out – " "No, no, we're not," I quickly cut her off, waving off her question. "I thought he had something special!" Ives pouted and dramatically walked away. "Idiot…" I muttered. "Ugh, whatever. Just stay away from Landon. You got that?" she demanded. "I can do whatever the hell I please," I snapped. This only fueled her anger. "You little – " "Bitch? I think you've overused that word already. Find me when you can come up with a better insult," I said harshly before walking away. "Watch out!" I heard someone shout so I ducked. Food flew over my head and landed on another student's face. Lauren's mouth dropped open and the other student glared at her. "Food fight!" I heard Ives exclaimed. And just like that, food began flying from every direction inside the cafeteria. I groaned and began to try to crawl my way out. I squeaked in pain when my head bumped into another head. I looked up and locked eyes with Landon. There was a moment when all we did was stare into each other's eyes. However, the moment was broken when he breathed out, "Hey." "Hi," I replied, blood rushing to my cheeks. "Wanna get out of here?" he asked. I grinned. "Definitely." He grabbed my hand and we managed to exit the cafeteria unscathed. We made it out to the Quad and began laughing. "Thanks," I smiled, subtly pulling my hand out from his warm ones. "No problem," he chuckled. "Does that happen a lot?" he asked. I shook my head. "Not really. This is the first food fight that's happened since I got here," I answered. He laughed. "I actually meant Lauren harping at you, but that too," he said. "Oh, that ," I muttered, laughing nervously. "It happens everyday. It's nothing new," I shrugged. "But you fighting back…" he trailed off. "Started yesterday," I finished, grinning at the memory. "Her broken nose… that was you?" he asked with mild awe. "Oh yeah," I smiled, "I can't even describe how good that felt." "That sucks. I didn't get to see it," he grumbled. "'Cuz apparently, you were too lazy yesterday," I joked. "Didn't you know? Laziness comes with being a Hot Badboy," he deadpanned. I looked at his serious face and broke out laughing. Still laughing, I began to walk out onto the grass. "Where are you going?" he asked. I shrugged and kept walking. He followed me blindly. In typical Bella fashion, I tripped on a piece of grass and fell forwards. I closed my eyes as I waited for the impact, but instead, two very warm arms caught my waist and pulled me back. "Are you okay?" Landon asked, his breath fanning across my bare neck. "I-I'm o-okay," I stammered, blushing. He removed his hands from me and I shivered at the loss of heat. "We should get back," I announced, not wanting any more accidents to happen. Landon looked up at the sky and nodded. "Yeah, I think it's about to start raining," he said. "I'll race you," I joked, nudging his side. "How about I just carry you?" I squealed when he unexpectedly hoisted me up onto his back. "This way, you won't trip," he teased, and began running back to the school. I laughed all the way there. No matter how much I tried to avoid the thought, I just couldn't help but think about how perfect my body felt against his. And it scared me. A lot. How'd you guys like it? Please, REVIEW and let me know what you guys think. Feedback and REVIEWS would be very much appreciated :D Also, don't forget to favorite and put this story on your alerts list!