he tells me he knew that when he met me. After getting everyone rounded up at the close of the waterpark, we head back to the room. All of the kids are tired. Maggie was carried back to the room by her father. We got everyone settled, and no one seemed bothered by the fact that we were sharing a room. We make our way to what is now our room, and Edward brings in his suitcase. "I wish we could just stay for another week. I don't know how I'm supposed to give up sleeping with you in my arms after two days of it." "Who said you're going to be getting any sleep?" I ask seductively. "You're one dangerous woman, Bella." "You make me feel sexy, and I want to share the way I feel with you." "You're the sexiest woman I have ever known." "Edward, I'm not putting myself down, but I know I am far from every man's dream come true. I'm a big, fat, overweight girl and I have spent a good portion of my life being teased for it." "Listen to me very carefully, you may not be for every man, but that's their loss. You are perfect for me, and you're so incredibly sexy and desirable. When I see you, I don't see your size, I see a beautiful woman, who brings out the best in me. I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my days showing you just how wonderful I think you are." ~TEN YEARS LATER~ That was the first night we made love. Three weeks later we returned and stayed at the same place, in the same rooms. This time Edward's parents joined us. Esme and Carlisle shared the other king room. Things were wonderful and within three months, we were selling both our current homes and moving into our own new home together. "Mom, are you ready?" "Yes, baby, I'm finally ready." "You know that my dad was ready after knowing you for six months." "I know he was. I was too, but I've always been so scared to do anything until all you kids were settled in life. I could never have any of you put through another divorce. All seven of you kids already endured enough hatred from divorce, and I wanted to know you'd never have to go through it again." "Mom, you could've told my dad you never wanted to see him again, and he would only have begged you for forgiveness. You make my dad complete. Thank you, for being such a great mom to us all." "Maggie, you kids, all seven of you, are everything that your dad and I live for. We love you all equally," I say hugging the now grown girl. Two weeks ago I watched and cried as her father walked her down the aisle, and we gave away her hand to her high school sweetheart. When we planned Maggie's wedding, Edward said we had to plan ours too. I have been wearing an engagement ring for nine years now, so it seems fitting that we tie the knot now. I'm not nervous at all, and never have I felt more relaxed or happy. I smile at all my girls in the room with me. Of course my sweet baby, Maggie, who's all grown up now. There is Chelsea, who is not married and is in college at UNI in Cedar Falls, getting her Master's in education. She currently studies, and works as the assistant principle for a junior high in Waterloo. Benjamin is married to Katie, who is round with our first set of twin grandchildren. Katie is standing with our oldest grand-daughter, Nikky. Heidi is here, she is in her final year of college. She attends Iowa State, and she is going to become a veterinarian. Charles is not married, but his girlfriend since tenth grade, Jamie, is here. They're both attending school at University of Iowa, and both are in excellent medical school programs. Garrett's wife, Amanda, is here. Amanda actually lives with Chelsea right now, until our son is done with his current tour of duty. Amanda has already set up the laptop, so Garrett could be with us on Skype. Charlotte is here and she's the spitting image of me at that age. She's also pregnant with her first child. Her husband, Taylor, is a nice man, but he is nine years older than her. I never had an issue with the age difference, but it's the straw that finally broke the bond between her and her father. James disagreed with her choice, and ended up alienating the only child he had contact with. "Mom, are you ready?" "Yep, let's get this show on the road." I walk down the aisle by myself, seeing the man who made me believe that love was worth taking another chance on standing there waiting for me. When I get down the aisle, and my hand is held in Edward's, I smile. I'm shocked by the first words spoken by Pastor Weber. "Who gives this woman to marry this man?" Tears track down my face when six of our children stand and one on a Skype chat window all say, "We do." ~THE END~ A/N: Well I hope that you have enjoyed reading this story. A lot of things and characteristics of certain characters are very real and only names have been changed to keep their identity secret. A grand portion of this story is actual real life, only online dating, Edward and his children and the luck at winning things is fictional. The way that this Bella was raised was my life, only rose colored to not get to detailed in the crap fest it really was. The ex, is real, and so is all things typed about him in this story. This was my submission for the Fandom Fights LLS and I hope that you all have enjoyed reading it. Thanks, Kasi~