two paces or so. But that had been some time ago, half a century past. "I've heard he's found himself a mate." "He has," Simi confirmed. "She's nice. Lauren's her name. You should come and spend some time with us." He dragged his fingers through his short cropped hair. "I still miss him so much. He wasn't just my creator. He was my father." "I know." Gabriela placed her hand on his and squeezed lightly. "Sometimes I think I hear him out in the hallway and I'm almost this close to opening the door when I realise it's just a memory. It's strange, isn't it? It's been centuries." Simi's eyes settled on her face. "You're a wonder Gabriela. A miracle. I hope you know that." For a short moment neither spoke, locked in a small staring contest. Gabriela could see the memories playing behind Simi's eyes. She was the one to look away. "How long are you staying?" Her appetite was gone. Gabriela stood up and put the food away. "I was actually called here." The admission pulled Gabriela from what she'd been doing. She twirled around. Simi gave her a small smile. "I'll stay for way longer than you." Unfortunately his attempt to lighten the mood fell flat. Simi seemed to realise it after a moment. His apologetic gaze reached her only a moment later. "You're horrid." The teasing quality had gone out of her voice however. Gabriela sat back down, crossing her arms over her chest like a sullen child. Her mien, however, was that of a worried mother. "Are you going to accept?" When the Volturi wanted someone, resistance was pointless. At some point they would have their way. Gabriela drummed her fingers softly against her arm, waiting for a reply, while simultaneously wondering why Simi hadn't been called forth earlier. They had been in existence all this time and the Volturi just now decided to interfere. "I might." He licked his lips, an unnecessary action, if not an endearing habit. "It's not like I have anything holding me back." Gabriela looked down at her lap. Her mood had turned pensive. "I do wish the risk was lesser, but if that is your choice, why invite me to spend time with the family? What sense is there in my being with them when you are not there?" "I was hoping you would try your hand at guiding them. They are of your father's line." Simi held out his hand towards her. "I know that you can do it." "I do not wish to do it," came her reply. "You know how I feel about their lifestyle." "There are some who would consider it a blessing," he sighed in response. "But not you. Why? Gabriela, if I accept the position the Volturi are offering me, I could take you as my mate. We could be together, just as father would have wanted us to." "What my father wanted does not suit me." The conversation was an old one. Gabriela had know not long after her birth that her father had hoped she'd mate with Simi, and together raise a coven so strong the likes of which had never been seen. Her own plans had been somewhat different. Simi had not protested too much when she had refused. Unlike their father, he was nowhere near as desirous of power. On his part, mating her had been a fancy. And she herself had never felt anything other than the warmest sisterly affection towards him. They had agreed to go their separate ways centuries ago. "You are certain?" She recognised the finality in his voice. It was the last time he would ask it of her. A smile lit her face. "Yes. I am sure."Her stomach roiled in protest for some unknown reason. "One day, you shall meet someone you will want for your own. I, however, am not her." "You really are his blood. Twice as stubborn though." He stood up and reached for the top of her head. It took only a mere moment for his to throw her hair in total disarray. Barely managing to push his hand away, Gabriel reached for his own tresses. She was, however, stopped by the table between them and the fact that her dear brother was so much taller than her. "And you are just as much of a fool as he was." "Yes, but I'm a beautiful fool." Like old friends were wont to do, they once more laughed together. Long moments passed before they calmed down once more. "Your vanity knows no bounds." Gabriela pulled away gently. "Come visit me sometimes, won't you?" "They might find you then," he teased. His words did hold an edge of worry that Gabriela could not dispel. She could, however, pretend not to hear it. "They already had a tracker last I heard. I doubt they would want me." The stare Simi threw her way told Gabriela he thought she was selling herself short yet again. Parrying the accusation with her best humble impression, Gabriela inclined her head slightly. "I am but a devout sister of the order, brother. I cannot be expected to display such qualities as your enchanting narcissism." "Oh, quit that, won't you?" Simi laughed. The blatant allusion to a life she had assumed long ago brought him joy. "You are no longer sworn to the order. And you know what? I am glad of it. I always thought that was one of your more uninspired decisions." "I rather liked it," Gabriela admitted. "I miss it sometimes. All that praying and the tranquillity." "And the scent of burned incense, of course." Incense was not among Simi's favourite things. "Yes," Gabriela answered quickly, just to annoy him. A/N: So, this is the first chapter. If you have questions, advice, general impression or really anything to say, please do. Constructive criticism is welcome so long as it is delivered in a civilised manner. Other than that I do not know what to say.