we do for you?" His voice answered: "Jared and a few of the new ones were on patrol today when one of the newer ones smelled a vampire, so they as a whole investigated and came across one, before we caught her she just vanished, she was just not there for any of our senses. So we came to ask if you had guests or became aware of new vampires. We also came to warn you." Although nothing was said you could see a whole conversation between the red head (Alice), the man (Edward) next to the brunette(Bella) and Doctor Cullen. Finally, Dr. Cullen spoke again: "We were and still are not..."(what means he with still, searching the brain, ahh Alice is a seer) "...aware of any new threats or new vampires,maybe she was just passing through. But I want to ask your permission to let Edward read your mind for an image of the vampire, maybe we came across her before." (Sam) was reluctant to do so because Edward was a vampire,the thing they should protect the tribe from,but he knew he had to agree if he wanted not to take unnecessary risks. He agreed. (I felt another presence in his mind and tried to hide instead of vanishing because I wanted to learn more) Suddenly recognition crossed Edward's face and he said: "Carlisle you know her, at least her face. She has dark skin, bright green eyes, a small nose and lips and raven black hair" Recognition sparked in Doctor Cullen's face (not good) he said: "No, it can't be she is human… Let me... elaborate the Forks Hospital got a new resident, a Doctor Maya Marie Anderson-Mattson, she is human!" (I felt someone noticing me in his head so I snapped back to my body) My first thought was *oh,shit, I need to disappear* but then I started to rationalize. They settled down here and don't want to attract attention especially since the Volturi have a beef with them. But because I don't wanna be thought of as a Coward I decided to come to them. I knew that they had to be somewhere in the Forest around Forks, because the territory would not be big and since they are probably natives they would live in a reservation the nearest is La Push so I started there but cloaked, the mind reader would probably feel me at some point but that is a risk I have to take. So I started to search after a short time I found them, they still stood in the same constellation there as before. From the far I heard them talk about unimportant things, which made me suspicious and I remembered there was a seer in the group but I continued to walk towards them when suddenly the mind reader made a move with the hand probably to tell them I am near, so I let go of all my cloaks and walk towards them I felt kind of naked and exposed because I never let go of my cloaks not even when I am alone. By the time I reached the glade everyone was facing me prepared to fight. Doctor Carlisle was the first to speak,he asked:"Why are you here?" I answered honestly:" by chance". Carlisle looked at Edward for confirmation who just nodded. " So I guess your name is not Maya Marie Andersson-Mattson?"Edward asked with a bit of mocking and humor mixed in his calm voice. This I also answered honestly:" Only partly. My full birth name is Leandra Theresa Maya Flavia Prima of the House Wessos. You may know me as Queen Maya the first." No one seemed to recognize the name except the pack leader Jacob who said: "You are the lady who went into the fire of her husband's ceremonial fire burial" everyone gave him strange looks so he said: "What? I needed to get a day over last year so I went into this museum in Toronto where there was an exhibition on the early days of the Mayans. That would make you over 3000 years old". I only replied: "As it said nowadays:'You don't ask a lady about her age!'". It followed a few seconds silence, then the redhead/seer/Alice asked: "How is it that I can only see you now?" "I have a strong mind gift." The man next to the Seer spoke, for the first time: "Then how is it that Eleazar never spotted you, he can sense gifts?" "Just like Alice here or Edward never sensed me, I am gifted. But that's not at all why I came here." Doctor Cullen rebutted: "Then why did you came here?"I replied: "To Forks, I came because they had a good offer. To you, I came because I don't want to kill anyone. I came by to tell you I am here and will not leave. I will not kill humans and prefer not to kill shapeshifters just because they feel they have to protect their tribe. I came here to offer a truce. We will just live and work side by side until it is time for me to move on in a few years. I am not interested in a coven or whatever you wanna call it just a normal life." Sam spoke again: "If we would accept this truce, we would expect that you refer from entering tribal land!" After thinking a few seconds about it I agreed: "Okay but only if we agree what the lines are!". Sam and even the other Alpha could live with that and so we had a truce. The Cullen's had to talk about it so we agreed to meet two hours later here again. ⁓Two hours later⁓ This time only Carlisle and Edward came. I had my cloak back on. They said that it was ok me living here and that I was welcome to visit them, I in turn said I would not risk their cover and would think about visiting them. Fin