right now. He raises one of our entwined hands up to sweep a piece of hair out of my eyes and I look up at him, for some reason still biting my lip. "Nessie," Jacob sighs. "What would you miss if I wasn't here anymore?" "What?" I giggle, my mouth automatically pulling up at the corners. He smiles at me and barely laughs as he asks again. "What is it that you would miss?" I shake my head, obviously confused, but he's just staring at me in such a confusing way that makes me feel like I have to answer, like a lot is riding on this answer, and I can't even tell why exactly I feel that way, but I just do. "I," I begin, my voice faltering. I shrug as I try to think, my mouth opening but no words coming out. "I would miss," I look down at our hands again, suddenly finding it so hard to talk to my best friend, which is so entirely and completely foreign that I doubt my own feelings. I have never really thought about what it is I love about Jacob, I just do . "You can tell me anything," Jacob pushes. "I mean," My mouth remains parted as I try to put words to the feelings that I have always felt and then sudden new ones that I don't even really understand. "Well, everything I guess." Jacob stares at me for a while longer before he lets out a long breath, nodding and smiling a small smile at me, but it doesn't reach his eyes. "Was that the wrong answer?" I whisper, suddenly feeling terrible about something that I'm not even sure I did was wrong. "No," He reassures me quickly. Jacob untangles one of his hands from mine and runs it along the top of my head, pushing it towards him and kissing the top of it. I rest my face into his chest and close my eyes; I swear this is my happy place. He leaves his palm pressed to the back of my head and then eventually breaks from my other hand to wrap it around my back. I pull away from him and he smiles down at me again. "Are you tired?" He runs his hand along the side of my cheek. "You won't care if I say no, so yes," I sigh. Jacob laughs and takes that as his cue to pull me into his arms. He moans and I laugh as he begins walking, my body swaying in the air as he does so. "You know," I begin as I watch his muscles strain as he does this. It makes me bite my lip again, and it's so weird because Jacob has carried me for as long as I can remember, and before now I have never, ever seemed to notice the size of his arms. "I'm going to get a complex if every time you carry me you act like I get substantially heaver." Jacob bursts out laughing. "Well you do get like a half a year older every five seconds." I giggle and hit my head against his shoulder. "Every five seconds huh?" "I meant every four seconds." I roll my eyes, "You just think you're so smart." "Not as smart as you." We reach the room in the main house that has basically become my second bedroom, although I prefer the one in the cottage much more than this one. The reason, though, is probably mostly due to the fact that the cottage it is on the first floor versus this one, which is on the second- aka: Jacob can climb into the other bedroom in the middle of the night after his night shifts. He doesn't bother turning on the lights, and that is probably because he just sets me right into bed. With a sigh I pull up the covers and turn to my side. "I'm really not tired," I grumble. "Night Ness," He smiles as he turns towards the door. "Jake. Come back." He pauses mid-walk and then turns back around to sit down on the side of my bed. "What?" He asks. Oh. I hadn't expected him to actually listen to me, and now that he has, I am not sure what I had even wanted to say, or why I even called him back in the first place. I don't know why, but suddenly I am reaching for his hand and tracing the curves of the lines on his palm. "Don't go anywhere," I whisper, although I'm not even sure why I feel the need to say it. He smiles, that same crooked smile that he has smiled my entire life, but for some reason it makes something happen inside my stomach. I swallow it down. "Never." He leaves then, holding my hand until he's so far away that my hand drops into the air and I pull it back underneath the covers. Jacob pats the door-frame as he leaves, pulling the door closed behind him. I turn onto my back quickly, my eyes widening as I stare up at the ceiling, the window creating a small, faint hint of a shadow above me. I blink a few times, sure that I am somehow dreaming this weird moment that just transpired between my best friend and me. I shake my head and let out a few solid deep breaths. "Okay," I tell myself, turning over onto my stomach and closing my eyes. "Okay." I blame it on my imbalance of practically every one of my bodily functions and decide to try to get some sleep. Jacob is Jacob. That's all he is. But is that all he will ever be? And that's a wrap on chapter 1! I hope you liked the start of this story! Make sure you hit the follow button below to get notifications when I update and definitely let me know what you think in the comment section! Love you all!