He'd probably told Emma to stay inside. He approached my truck with caution, probably expecting me to freak out again. I wound down my window and forced out a smile. "Hey, Jake." "What's up? What're you doing here?" He asked. Concern suddenly crossed his face. "Did something happen with Cullen?" I rolled my eyes. "Nope, not that it's any of your business anymore." "So what do you want then?" He snapped back defensively. "Because if you're here to have another go at Emma then you can think again. What you said to her last night was horrible and I won't have her upset like that again." "Don't worry, Jake, I'm not here to offend the love of your life." I said bitterly. Jacob blushed. "Bella-" he began, but I raised my hands. "Listen, Jake, I'm here to tell you that I'm ok. I get that this situation couldn't be helped and that it was going to happen one day or another whether I liked it or not. Don't get me wrong, it sucks, and I feel like I've not only lost my boyfriend but my best friend too, but consider this me getting closure, ok?" Jacob nodded, his cheeks still pink. "I know that even though you imprinted, you still loved me and if I'm honest, a part of me still loves you too, but I think all this has made it pretty clear that we weren't meant to be together anyway." "Only because of the legends." Jacob sighed. "If it didn't have to be this way then you know we'd still be together." "That's beside the point, Jake. What's done is done and there's no going back, so just be happy ok?" Jacob's eyebrows mashed together. "You're making this sound like goodbye." "In some ways it is goodbye," I shrugged. "But this place is too painful for me to be in now and I have other friends who need me." "Tell me you aren't seriously friends with Edward Cullen?" He growled. "None of your business remember!" I laughed but Jacob didn't laugh with me. "I don't like it, Bella!" He grumbled, his hands twitching. "And I don't like you and her!" I fired back, pointing to the kitchen window where the curtain twitched. Emma could have at least tried to be subtle about eavesdropping. "It's your life." He sighed eventually. "Sure is!" I smiled and began to wind my window up. "See you around, Jake!" As I drove away I felt as though a huge weight had been lifted off my chest. xox Charlie seemed surprised that I'd coasted through the evening without a single tear or emotional outburst. He watched me warily from across the table as he ate his favourite meal, occasionally looking at his gun out the corner of his eye. I thought it would come as a shock to him if I just suddenly announced that actually I was fine and there was nothing for him to worry about, so I just ate in silence, giving him the odd reassuring smile every mouthful or so. I was relieved once I'd swallowed my last mouthful, tapping my feet under the table impatiently as I waited for Charlie to finish too. I had a date in my bedroom to attend and I didn't want to be late. As Charlie ambled over to the couch I swept his plate up and into the sink, once again sloshing soapy water all over the kitchen. It felt like years before the plates were stacked on the draining board and I was bidding my Dad goodnight. He gave me a bewildered look as I placed a kiss on his forehead and made a bee line for the stairs, tripping over the steps as I went. I burst through my bedroom door with a grin stretched across my face and looked at Edward who was waiting patiently in my rocking chair, his mouth twisted up into a crooked smile. "You look happy." He pointed out. "What's got you in such a good mood?" I took a deep breath. "You have." "I'm pleased to hear that," Edward smiled again but he looked confused. "But what exactly is it that I've done?" "Edward, I have feelings for you." The words fell out my mouth like mush. "I know that Jacob and I have only just broken up and you're probably going to say something like 'you're confused' but I have a perfectly logical explanation to back this up!" "Right. Go on." Edward said smirking. He got up from the rocking chair and stood in front of me one hand cupped around my face. I had to remind myself to breathe. "Jacob and I might have loved each other, but his imprinting just shows that we weren't meant to be, whereas you and I, well, I hated you!" Edward frowned as I laughed. "But even when I didn't want to be anywhere near you, we couldn't seem to stay away from one another. These past few days that you haven't been at school have been torture for me." "And for me," Edward sighed. "You have no idea." "You've never had a best friend or a mate in your entire existence, Edward, and suddenly now we've developed something between the two of us that we can't explain. It's like we were under each other's noses all along and didn't realise." Edward continued to stare at me. "What do you think?" "Would it be crazy if I told you that I'd been thinking the same thing?" "Really?" I leant into his hand and beamed at him. "The truth is Bella, I love you. I know that right now you don't and can't feel the same way but if I promised that I wouldn't hurt or upset you for the rest of my life, which is a long time might I add, do you think you could get past what I am?" "I'm already past it." I whispered and crushed my lips to his. * The End *