them, with my arms draped over the top of me. He immediately stopped and we sat in silence for what felt like a while. I took deep breaths while the searing pain in my head slowly faded away. "I'm sorry." The man said softly. I didn't answer. What the hell was I suppose to say? It's ok; you just kidnapped me but it's totally fine! "Sometimes I just get headaches is all." I said, explaining myself while subtly fulfilling a need I felt to soothe him. He didn't reply, which I appreciated. "What's you're name?" I asked after another moment of silence. "We should get going." He said abruptly, ignoring me. He proceeded to stand up and walk over to me. "Where?" I asked, leaning my body away from the direction of his presence. "Why?" He didn't answer me yet again; instead, he stopped right in front of me and extending his hand for me to take. "Where are we going?" I asked, paying no attention to his extended hand. "Somewhere safe, ok?" he asked, seeming annoyed. When he sensed my hesitation his expression softened and he lowered himself down so that he was eye-to-eye with me. "Look. I'm not going to hurt you. I would never hurt you. All I want is to keep you safe, and right now in order to do that- we have to go." He added a slight smile at the end, I imagine meant to soothe my uneasiness. I bit my lip, thinking of what to do. If he wasn't telling the truth, what would be his motivation for being kind to me? It would make more sense that he was telling the truth. Now that I think about it, him and his friends had saved me after all- I think? What sold me was when I looked at him once more. Something about this man kneeling right in front of me gave me the feeling that he could be trusted. Call it a second sense, call it bullshit; ultimately it wouldn't even matter, it's not like I could get away even if I wanted to- which for some extremely weird reason I didn't. "Fine." I said, making up my mind. He nodded and stood, looking down at me. "But with one condition." I said, staring up at him. He cocked his eyebrow as a means for me to continue. "What is your name?" He smiled; an actual smile this time. It was actually, without a doubt, breathtakingly beautiful. "Jacob. Jacob Black." He replied, once again extending his hand for me to take. Feeling rebellious and still not all the comfortable with the situation I ignored his offer and pushed myself up. He smirked and placed his once extended hand in the pocket of his jeans. "Where are we going?" I asked "You'll see when we get there." He replied before completely putting out the barely-there fire before us. "Well how are we getting here?" I asked. "Damn you ask a lot of questions." he started walking straight ahead, further into the forest. It was then that I looked around and realized our location; we were somewhere deep in the woods. Only then did I begin to notice the odd, creepy sounds the woods at night can foster. "Jacob?" I called quietly. It was the first time I had called him by his name, and although it felt foreign to me, something about it was so familiar. "Yeah?" I heard him answer from not that far to the right of me. I didn't answer, I just followed where I heard his voice until I could make out his figure in the dark, and walked to him. He began walking and I followed, not wanting to be left behind. "So we're just going to walk to wherever we're going?" I asked, hugging myself for warmth. He seemed to notice I was cold and was about to say something, but decided against it. Instead he locked his lips and continued forward, ignoring my question all together. I sighed. "Well how long until we're there?" I tried again. "We'll be there around, I don't know, 6 or 7am?" He replied nonchalantly. "Well what time is it now?" I asked, annoyed that he hadn't actually answered my question. With a sigh, he begrudgingly plucked his cell phone out of his pocket to read me the time. "Sorry I would check myself but I, believe it or not, didn't think to grab it before you kidnapped me." "It's 3:30 am. And would you stop saying that?" He asked, referring to my mentioning the kidnapping. I ignored him, something we both seemed rather good at, and instead focused on the time. "Wait what!" I exclaimed, stopping dead in my tracks. "That's like four hours!" "She can do math." He mocked, obviously wanting to continue forward. "How do you intend for me to walk for four hours straight. I'm not even being high maintenance, that's just crazy!" He gave me a not so subtle look, signifying he did not believe that I was a low maintenance kind of girl and then held out his arms in an odd sort of way. He had them both stretched out on both sides and he was leaning towards me, almost like he wanted me to- "No way." I said, pushing his hands away. "We'll see how long that lasts." He said, walking forward with me following. "I'd rather crawl." An hour and a half later... I was in his arms sleeping as he was carrying me to our destination. Him carrying me was oddly very soothing. I didn't even try to stay awake as my eyes began to waver shut. I needed the shut-eye to try and figure out what exactly had happened this morning, which was hard considering Jacob had ignored almost every single one of my questions. Regardless, I knew I had time to get my energy back, because for some reason, I felt completely and totally safe in his arms. Reviews?