feel his erection pressing into her thigh. She never knew how much she craved touch before now. "You're overdressed." She never knew that she could be so forward. He doesn't know either, apparently. But waves his hand and suddenly she's the one on top, his jeans harsh against her naked skin. The button is already undone, it's painfully easy to pull at the zipper so slowly she can feel his irritation. She feels shy, but the lust of him trumps her shyness and she pushes the jeans down around his ankle – not bothering to remove them entirely before slipping her hand inside his underwear. He grunts out her name. He's beautiful even when he squirms and she can't lie – she loves having any kind of power over him. It's like something clicks inside her head as she is stroking him. She wonders why she's never done this before, to hold power like this (because he wouldn't let her, her mind chants). His hand grasps at her wrist, making it impossible to move anymore. He's staring at her, eyes glossy and messy blond hair and she sighs contently just for a moment. He flips her over, kicking his already pulled down pants and his boxers. His face is dangerously close to hers and he bends down to kiss her forehead, then her nose. It's almost tender the way he gazes at her, his lips turned upwards to offer comfort. Her hand reaches out to touch his face – his skin is cold. It's all the confirmation he needs and then he's pushing inside of her, ripping away at her insides and she has to steady herself not to cry out. He nuzzles his face into her neck and she breathes out. He must be feeling her pain, doesn't move for a minute and then two. And then painfully slow, he starts to move. In and out, creating a soft rhythm that makes her body hum in the most delightful way. The pain is forgotten, her breathing becomes fast and her movement almost needy, like she's been craving this all her life. Her legs wrap around him, one of his hands slipping to raise her ass up so he can slide even deeper and meet his thrusts with ease. She moans out his name and he covers the sound with his lips. There is sweat on her forehead, her eyes roll back and her body arches into his, his new position hitting a spot she wasn't even aware existed before. She's panting out his name, breathing in the scent of sex and it's so much that her brain fully disconnects from her body until all she knows is him and her and that's it's okay. "Let go." His voice is husky and sexy. His fingers dig in her skin and her arms throb from holding on to him so much – she chokes on his name and then holds on for dear life as she does exactly what he told her. She lets go completely, the second orgasm almost breaking her body. It's painfully satisfying, the way she feels her walls clenching around him and jumping off the edge. He grunts and then gives two more thrusts before he goes limp inside of her, eyes closed. She doesn't know how long they stay like this, but then he pulls out and lays next to her. Neither of them speak – she's too content to break the moment and he seems perfectly happy to let her recuperate. She finally cracks an eye opened, just too look at him really. But his smirk is too much and she rolls her eyes before humming. "Let's do that again." Catching Jasper by surprise causes her to giggle – but the sound dies when his hands reach out for her and she's suddenly straddling him. . . She doesn't sleep that night. She takes everything she can take from him and he seems more than happy to let her exploits every inch of his body. When she's making herself a peanut butter and jam sandwich, he explains Maria to her – he mostly talks about someone named Peter and his mate. By the time he has her on all four, a surge of emotions comes on and she shakes as she explains what Edward said to her in the forest, about how he just left her to die in those woods. She feels close to him, tells him secrets like how she never wanted to come to Forks, but she did for Renée, how disconnected she feels most of the time. He mentions how the Cullens diet never agreed with him, that he plans to reconnect with his former self now that the family is no longer together. She doesn't care, not really. It's only when the first few rays of sunlight pierce through her curtains and that he tells her he has to go that reality settles in. He tells her to graduate and be happy and that while she's in Forks he won't return. But that he'll come back when the timing is right. She knows he has to go – it doesn't mean it's easy. "Take care of yourself, okay?" When he kisses her forehead, she has a sense of déjà vu. But Edward broke his promise of forever and Jasper gives her hope. He jumps out of her window just as Charlie's cruiser parks in front of the house. "Bella?" He pushes the door of her bedroom, but she's already asleep. The smile on her face somewhat reassures him and he decides that he too would benefit from sleep. Her right arm circles her stomach in a sleepy movement – almost like she has something to protect. a/n : I rewrote this chapter mostly because it'd been a couple of years and I thought it didn't flow as well with was is to come. I do not own the characters or Twilight. I hope you enjoyed and thank you for reading.