body down the mountain, but Utlapa managed to get into it first. Taka Aki watched with despair as Utlapa took his place as chief to the Quileutes. Eventually, Taha Aki tried to destroy his body to save the tribe from Utlapa. He then summoned the Great Wolf to try and kill the body, but since Utlapa was behind many warriors, he forced the wolf away. Taha Aki figured that the wolf had a body and therefore a soul, so he asked the Great Wolf that he would make room in his body for his spirit and share the physical form. Granting his request, Taki Aki managed to enter to the wolf's body. He returned to his village to stop Utlapa. The warriors realized that the wolf was no ordinary animal and realized that it was Taha Aki inside it. The explanation was given by Yut who entered to the spirit world where he discovered the truth. Taha Aki took care of Utlapa once and for all and destroyed Utlapa's body where he left it in the woods, before entering the spirit world. Since that fateful day, Taha Aki was able to share the body of a wolf whenever he wished. He became to be known as "Taha Aki the Great Wolf" and "Taha Aki the Spirit Man".", Billy explained to Renesmee." "You actually think that Jessie, will summon the "Great Wolf" and ask him to share his physical form?, Renesmee asked. "As I said we can only try. We have a prayer we can say for hope and a miracle. Also we can try to call the Great Wolf and call Jessie to be with us at this time. We need to believe this will work or it wont happen. We can also do a pipe ceremony and ask for a miracle. Way back our ancestors used to smoke out of the pipe and pass it to the people who ever participated. My greatest ancestor Ayasha Black was very ill. Her husband Qaletaqa called upon the tobacco pipe. They both smoked from the pipe and said there name. aFter the ceremony was finished she was healed.", Billy explained. Billy loaded up the pipe with tobacco. Paragraph 6 The entire Cullen and Black family headed towards the cruise ship at the beginning of the shore and they all waved to Jacob and I. This night was going to outstanding. Jacob and I smiled and waved back. We heard the horn honk and we knew that we had Isle Esme to our selves. This was serenity, a family tradition. Jacob turned to me and put his hands around my waist and assured me " If anything happens ill be right here with you Ness, I wont let anything happen to you I promise, and you know that ". I looked into his dark brown eyes, his soul I should say and looked at his soft dreamy lips. " Lets take our luggage inside the house ". We started walking to the entrance of the door, and I dropped my bags right away. I asked Jacob if we could go explore the top of the huge hill. Jacob looked at me and replied " Yes!, that's exactly what I wanted to do first, get onto my back I feel nostalgic ". Jacob transformed into his wolf form and I hopped onto his back. I held on his back and dashed into the direction of the hill. I was still in my wedding dress, which was priceless. "Hold on Ness", Jacob growled. We took off to the hillside, and we saw Toucans in the trees, they were beautiful with huge beaks. There beaks were orange, and yellow in colour. A little bit to noisy but I have never seen them before. There was monkeys swinging off of trees, with pale faces, dark nose area, big ears and a long tails, snakes in olive-brown in color with black patterning about ten centimetres long. As soon as I seen that snakes I screamed and Jacob laughed at me. We were riding really fast. All the wildlife and vegetation on this island was magnificent. All the plants were in vibrant colours like red, pink, orange, yellow and even blue. I loved nature. If I could of pictured any other honey moon it would be enjoying nature. I could hear all the sounds of the animals. The growling, squawking, rustling, chirping, and flowing of the water, the dampness, the sodden leaves, the insects scurrying under all that leaf litter, the aging of trees, screeching, screaming. The smell and fragrance of wild flowers, The sound of howling wolves and roaring rapids, The brisk wind on my cheeks and rocks under foot, I see the berries and fruit trees and can almost taste them. I'm not sure how much time past but by the time I had calmed down we reached all the way up the hill. I got off his back. My heart was pounding out of my chest. Jacob was still in his wolf form. The sky was filled with the most outstanding hues of a blaze of orange, a neutral crimson red collided with a hint of pink and a watery baby blue peaking out of the sky. We gazed into the sky. I asked Jacob " Can we stay here for a while ? ". I looked over to Jacob and he just smiled. I assumed that was a yes. Jacob sat down with his feet dangling off the cliff, and asked me to come sit down with him. So I sat down with him. The grass was firm. I put my head on his shoulder and took my hand and held it. Jacob looked over cause he heard a noise. Fireflies assembled in a large group and fled above our heads. " I didn't think fireflies could make it up this high ", Jacob said very confused. "They don't, I'm just showing you my thoughts of fire flies, just don't let go of my hand."