a question but before she could Carlisle sighed. "What gave them away?" He glanced at Rosalie, who looked away from him with an angry huff. I frowned slightly and replayed what I'd said and their reactions to it to try and figure out what had prompted the reaction. After a moment I'd found it, my term for them, she hadn't heard it before. It wasn't so surprising really, it was a term from my home. They didn't seem to have any here aside from what was sitting in front of me. They probably had their own term for themselves. I'd have to find out what it was. But he had asked a question, I had to dig it out of my memory before I could answer. Fortunately only a second or two so I hadn't done anything worth noticing really. "What didn't?" I snorted which jerked both of their attentions back to me, "You eyes aren't a color that appears in human genetic variation. Your facial symmetry is too perfect, one person I could maybe believe, but all of you?" I shook my head, "And then theres your skin... I haven't quite figured out what's off about it yet but there is something..." I trailed off studying their skin again. This was really going to bug me. "And lastly judging from how you move, your proprioception is as at least as enhanced as your other senses." "That's all it took?" Carlisle asked and both of them looked gratifyingly surprised. I shrugged, "Well I do have experience with non humans trying to hide as human. That did make it easier." "Really." He leaned forward suddenly excited, "What have you..." I held up a hand to interrupt him holding back a smile, theory proven. I'd changed up my terminology as a stab in the dark. And I'd gotten a hit. I don't think they even noticed giving away that they don't think of themselves as human. "I think it's my turn to ask a few questions." Carlisle sighed but quickly regained his calm. Again if I hadn't been me I probably would have missed it. "Of course. Please, ask." He smiled at me again. I didn't think I'd get a lot out of them in public place where we might be overheard. So my question had to be one that would answer multiple others at once or give me the basis to answer them my self, and it had to give me an idea about whether or not I'd be safe going somewhere where they'd be more willing to part with more information, and it had to not be completely blatant about doing so, "The one of you that was missing today, Mr. Bed Head," Rosalie snorted at the name and had a small smile tugging at her lips as she did. I grinned at her and the expression vanished. So I sighed and continued, "What's his deal with Bella Swan?" Carlisle blinked and glanced at Rosalie who nodded once very subtly, not the question he was expecting and he wanted confirmation about who we were talking about, but he didn't need much. Clearly she'd already been the subject of some amount of conversation amongst them, "Ah well... you see our kind are subject to some very strong instincts. Sometimes a particular human will trigger these instincts in one of us much stronger than normal. Edward," I glanced at Rosalie and was inordinately pleased that I got the same confirming nod that Carlisle had gotten, "is having this reaction to Bella so has left until he is sure he can control himself around her." I sat back thinking over what I had just learned. They, whatever they were, were dangerous. Particularly to humans, on the other hand they seemed to go out of their way to minimize that danger. Contact with them might not be a bad idea, they knew more about what was going on here than I did certainly. It might not be a good idea either, it certainly wasn't without some more precautions. I'd managed to finish my meal during our talk so stood with a nod, holding out a hand for him to shake, "Well thankyou for answering my question." Both of them looked surprised but Carlisle took my hand and shook it in unthinking social reflex, "You have no other questions?" He asked trying to hide his own reluctance to let me go. I shook my head and offered my hand to the poetry blond as well but wasn't surprised she ignored it, "Of course I do. But you've given me plenty to think about and I don't think a public setting is the best place to get into more detail. I'll get in touch with you later, now that we've actually met each other maybe I'll take you up on the offer to follow you home for the next conversation." I nodded at the two of them again and left before they could try to continue the conversation and headed for home. As I walked I compared the feel of Carlisle's flesh to everything else I'd ever touched. It had been cold, hard and smooth. Marble, I decided after a moment or two of thought. I was beginning to wonder exactly how different these people were but pushed that aside for the moment for more immediate concerns. With a sigh I resigned myself to do something that I had sworn never to do again. I justified it by telling myself that I was in a different place, that that anything I had done at home no longer mattered as it was gone. That this time it would be different. I would control what happened and could keep any of it from getting away from me. In the end I could only hope that I wasn't lying to myself. Because any weapon I made to deal with a creature of stone would render flesh down to the stuff of nightmares. And I couldn't let that happen again.