bites her lip. "Yes, she had extensive injuries. The bullet hit her ribcage. The ambulance was lucky to arrive when they did." "Fuck," I groan, letting my face fall into my hands. I failed you. I promised I'd protect you but you still got hurt. I should've looked behind us! I should've run faster! As if she can read my mind, Mom takes my hand in hers and says, "It's not your fault, Edward. If anything, you kept her alive." "She was shot," I hiss, flinching as I say the word. "She almost died." Mom shakes her head. "You did everything you could and more." "How do you know? You weren't even there," I whisper, regretting it when I see her face fall. "I can see how much you care about her. I know you, son. I know what lengths you go for the people you care about." Her voice is quiet. "Is she awake yet?" I persist, needing more than anything to know you're okay with my own eyes. "No, but it could be any time now." The thought still puts me on edge. "Can I see her?" "You need to heal first," she says gently, patting my arm. "I don't care," I reply stubbornly. "I need to see her." "I don't make the rules." There are a few minutes of silence before I let out what has been bothering me for the last two months. Tears well in my eyes yet again and I wipe them away furiously. "Why couldn't you find us? Were you even trying that hard?" She flinches. "Of course we were. We spent every day searching for you, but we had no idea who had taken you, and where. We weren't even sure you were still alive." Tears slip down her cheeks and remorse floods through me at the sight. "I'm sorry," I whisper. "For all of it." She shakes her head angrily. "It wasn't your fault. None of it was. Don't you dare blame yourself. It was that sick man who took you's fault." I blanch. "Did they find him?" My fingers dug into my palm but I ignored the stinging pain. She nods. "Thankfully. Elizabeth gave the police his description, and they found him within minutes, looking for you in town." I shudder. "They better put him in prison for a fucking long time." Something strange flashes in my mother's eyes, and she smiles grimly. "Your father and I will make sure he is." Surprisingly, she doesn't reprimand me on my use of language. "Speaking of which, where are Dad, Emmett, and Jasper?" I ponder, my lips turning upward at the thought of seeing them again. "In the cafeteria. Those brothers of yours have been here ever since you arrived two days ago. You have no idea how much your absence affected them." I frown guiltily. "Oh, really? That's…weird. In what way?" She shrugs. "Jasper's grades suffered a little, and Emmett didn't go out at all, even with his friends." "Wow." I gape, not able to believe such a thing is possible for either of them. Do I really mean that much to them? "But at least you're here now. You have no idea how happy that makes me." She smiles widely, kissing my forehead. Suddenly, I feel ten years younger. "Me, too, Mom," I murmur. "Me, too." … It is a few days before I'm allowed to see you. You didn't wake up until yesterday, and even then, I wasn't healed enough myself to be able to move from my bed and walk to your room. The days waiting were agony. I may have been able to see my family again, but they acted weirdly around me, as if I were fragile and precious, a word that had never been attributed to me in my entire life. It secretly made me happy that they cared so much, but more than anything, I needed to see you. Your dad even stopped by three days ago, wanting to thank me for keeping you safe. If you hadn't told me about how kind he is, I may have been scared of his intimidating height and the gun in his pocket. It was from him that I got the most accurate report of what condition you were in. Your father didn't treat me like I was about to break any second; hell, he didn't even treat me like a kid. I liked that about him. After he left, I went back to waiting for the news that you'd woken up. There was no serious damage to me, and the only reason why I'd been kept in the hospital so long was to run tests and to bring my energy levels up to normal, which was why I was allowed to go home today. My parents didn't even need to ask me; as soon as I was out of that bed and had signed out of the hospital, I rushed to your room, walking a little more quickly than deemed safe. Your head is up against a pillow and you are staring at the ceiling. My spirit fades a little at how battered you look, but it is soon replaced with joy once you turn and smile at me. "Edward," you whisper softly. I walk instantly to your side and sit on the edge of your bed, taking your hand gently in mine. You give it a light squeeze and my grin widens. "You have no idea how good it is to see you," I murmur. You laugh lightly. It is a sound of relief. "Ditto." "You know nothing is going to change, right? I love you, and I'm going to be here always." "I was hoping you'd say that." You smile. "But do you promise?" My face brightens. "Of course." And then we curl our pinkies together and I know that no matter what obstacles are to face us, they can't keep us apart. Our bond is too strong for that. Reviews are appreciated :)