chain, feeling Bella's collarbone in the process. Then, he opened the car door for her. Bella slowly got in the car. Jacob closed the door behind her and walked away. His heart sank in his chest. This dinner felt so much like a farewell, and not like a Christmas Eve celebration. As far as he knew, they hadn't set a new date for the wedding. Maybe that had changed. Glumly, Jacob walked back to his car. He stared at the Rabbit. The car was his pride and joy but often he wished he could buy a better car. He sighed heavily and unlocked the door, climbing into the driver's seat. He turned the car on and sat there staring off in the night, his thoughts lost in the future he would never see. Shifting the car into reverse, Jacob backed out of the parking space and drove off into the night. He couldn't bear to head home and so instead he decided to take a run. The dirt road was familiar to him and he parked his car off the side knowing no one else would be out there. Preparing to phase, Jacob stripped off his clothes and left them in the front seat. Then he phased and took off into the night. The speed was one of the best feelings, but the way he had to dodge the trees and branches, helped Jacob to focus on something other than his trip to the mall and dinner with Bella. Finally, a few hours later, he felt calmer and made his way back to his car. As he came closer, he could hear the ringer on his phone. So he opened the car door and picked up his phone. It was his dad. "Hey, Dad. What's up?" Jacob asked. "Jake, are you still with Bella?" "No. Why? What's going on?" Jacob immediately stepped back from the car, debating whether he should phase back or get dressed. "Edward called here. She hasn't come home since she left to meet you at the diner he said." "Shit. She left a few hours ago. I put her in the car myself. Has he called Charlie?" "Charlie is here with me at Sue's house. Not sure if she went to his house or not." Jacob swore. He hated that Bella had moved into the Cullen's house. He couldn't patrol their house and made only a few passes around the Swan house. "Dad, let me go so I can look for her." Jacob tossed the phone on the seat. Damn it. Where would she have gone? Jacob wasn't far from home so he decided to go home to see if she'd left a message at his house. He took off into the trees. It was only a few minutes before he came up to his backyard. He jogged up into the yard, when he heard her crying softly. Without thinking, he simply rushed up to her. "Bells?" he called out when he got close to her. She glanced up at him and covered her eyes. "Jake!" she squeaked. Jacob looked down and realized he was as naked as the day he was born. "Sorry. Hang on." He ran around the back of the house and grabbed a pair of shorts off the dryer from the back porch. Shoving his legs in as he walked to the front of the house, he stumbled a couple of times before getting them on both legs. "Bella, what are you doing here?" Jacob asked as he made his way to the front porch and sat down beside Bella on the step. "I don't know, Jake. I just felt like I was never going to see you again, and that broke my heart." "Why wouldn't you see me again?" He asked almost breathless, his suspicions must have been close. She didn't answer for a while, and Jacob waited patiently for her to put her thoughts together. "I...I decided that Edward and I were going to Vegas to elope for Christmas," she said, still sniffling. Jacob's heart skipped a beat and he felt a huge lump in his throat. The panic rose but before he let himself get too worried, he assured himself that she was there in La Push. She had not rushed back to Cullen. "Elope?" He whispered. "You don't want a wedding?" "I never really wanted a big fancy wedding I feel bad that the Cullens spent so much money on the wedding I postponed this summer. I figured we could go get the ceremony done quickly and inexpensively. But..." Bella stopped and stared up into the sky. "I don't know. It just doesn't feel right. I don't think I can marry Edward right now." "Then don't," Jacob interjected. She reached out and laid her palm on his thigh to quiet him. "I've realized there's more that I want to life. There's more things I want to be able to enjoy." It was hard for her to admit. "Bella, that's all I've ever wanted for you. To enjoy life. To be happy." "I know, Jake." She leaned her head on his shoulder and Jacob reached his arm around her back, holding onto her. When he felt her start to shiver, he asked her what she wanted to do. "I want to stay with you," she told him. "Then stay," he said. "Merry Christmas, Jacob," Bella said and then she leaned her head back to look at Jacob. He looked down at her, and Bella's eyes drifted down to Jacob's lips. Jacob took the cue and leaned down to place a gentle kiss on her mouth. "That's the perfect gift," he whispered into her ear. "Merry Christmas, Bells." You know the deal if you read my stuff. Work is busy as all get out. My college class is wrapping up this month, so I'm hoping to have a little time to invest in writing. Thanks so much for taking the time to read. I love follows, favorites and kind reviews.