in with Charlie,and we got to spend some quality time together again,after so many mom met Renesmee,and both of them clicked together as soon as they started calling my mom,granny and my mom started calling her 'sugar cake',when I told my mom how I had thought of Renesmee's name,she said,"That's really sweet,dear".Then one day my mom suddenly called me and said,"I know you're ill but…do you wanna go shopping together?Just you and me.I've aked Carlisle and he told me it was okay."I could hear a hint of urgency in her voice and knew she wanted to speak to me personally so I told her we could go that evening and that I'd come and get her.I went to pick her up in the evening,we bade Charlie good bye and drove off, as soon as we were about a mile away,I told her to spill the beans and she obliged,"I wanted to ask you for advice about something".I nodded my head as indication for her to continue,she went on,"You must have noticed that Charlie and I have been getting along quite well these days,"it was true,I had noticed. "Well,about a week ago,Charlie suggested we date,in other words,he asked me out.I didn't think I had anything to lose,so I agreed,then last evening,we went on this walk,the sight of the sun setting was ethereal,then suddenly-"she paused for a moment and continued,"Charlie pulled out a ring and proposed marriage to me,he said he couldn't live without me and wouldn't make the mistake of losing me again,it really was very sweet,so I told him I'd think about my question is,what do you think I should do?" Wow!That was unexpected but still I tried to do what I thought was right. "Do you want to say yes?' "Well,yeah,but I'm just so nervous because it didn't work out last time." "Then give him a chance" "But I'm so scared" "It won't hurt to give him another ,you'll never be satisfied again if you don't give it a try,there will always be a lingering feeling of what could have been." "I guess you're right" And so they were married again,with a lot of celebration. AN ACCIDENT AND MORE VAMPIRES ARE BORN I went hunting one night and heard some screams and a huge crash.I recognized the voices,they were my mom and dad's.I remembered them telling me they were going to a movie that night,they must have met with an accident,I thought to myself,and worried,I rushed to find them.I found them under all the metal the guy who had hit them(a truck had hit them,my father told me later)seemed to have rushed off in a hurry either not noticing them,or not caring. I carried them to the hospital,nobody seemed to notice luckily since it was late in the was on duty and he did everything he could to save them,but it was no told me we were going to lose them.I couldn't lose them,so I made my choice,I didn't know if the Carlisle would approve,so I told him I needed some time alone with them,and that he could go home if he wanted,and that I would be fine,he nodded and let me into the intensive care unit,and left to go home.I waited for a while,until I heard the sound of car driving away, after I was sure it was far enough ,I carried out my plan, I carried my parents to a lonely meadow far from human settlement and bit them. After they changed(I had to keep coming back secretively to check on them for three days),I explained everything to them and convinced the rest of the Cullens that what I had done was right(Edward and Renesmee helped me),my parents decided to follow our principle of not eating humans and decided to join our coven, we held a party to welcome them into our world, I won't go into the details of how we helped them control their thirst for blood. Charlie had immense strength even for a newborn, even more than Emmett had had when he was one. But my mother got the best of it, it was an enhanced version of her ability to see the world clearly as Edward to this, she could understand things that none of us soon as she saw a person,she could whether they were genuinely good or bad,what sort of crimes they were capable of committing, to what lengths they would go to get what they wanted,their deepest desires, regrets, and fears .In other words,she saw people for what they were through her understanding of human parents were clearly enjoying themselves and so was I,for, now they could spend the rest of eternity with me! MY MOM-THE DETECTIVE Once, a really precious artifact was stolen from the Forks' museum. There were no finger prints, no clues, no witnesses, and no suspects! It was a 'perfect' crime, everybody seemed perfectly innocent .The police couldn't do anything, my dad was clueless(he was still working).Then my mom came to the rescue, she asked us to throw a party and invite everyone in town, so she that she could identify the culprit. We did as she told us. The day of the party dawned. Guests started to arrive, I couldn't find anyone who looked suspicious, and the whole town had attended. However, at the end of the party, my mom had this victorious look on her face and a little smile played on her lips. But she refused to tell us who the culprit was until she had got evidence, she got me to shield her from Edward so he didn't know either. We didn't have to wait for long though, since once she knew who it was, it wasn't difficult for her to find evidence pointing them, as she was a vampire. She told us who it was, and gave Charlie the evidence. The culprit was arrested and my mom started a private detective agency. EPILOGUE These are the main events that occurred this year, seven years after we rescued Renesmee from the Volturi.