sound of my phone chiming once again. Oh fuck! No! Not now. I feel like my heart is about to collapse in my chest cavity as I open the incoming message. Thankfully, there are no photos attached in there … just words. Excusing myself from Charlie, I start to read the text message and my eyes almost bulge out of my head at what I read. Sorry it's taking so long. It's harder to take an ass pic with an iPad than you think. ~Bella~ I find myself torn between laughing at the ridiculousness of her message and thanking my lucky stars that she couldn't take the photo to tease me with, while a very little part of me wants to beg her to try and take a picture of her delectable ass. "That Bella?" Charlie's voice cuts through my fantasies about Bella's ass, and without a second thought, I nod. "What did she say?" his voice is pretty gruff as he asks. Shit! I can't tell him what she said! I quickly wrack my brain for a suitable answer and blurt out, "She said she loves me." The corners of his mouth turn down as he grunts. "Figures." I am about ask him about what he meant by that, just to change the topic, when he asks sharply, "So … tell me, boy, what are your intentions with her?" Because I am a fucking retard sometimes, I ask him back, "With whom, sir?" Stupid! He means Bella, you idiot! I chastise myself as he gives me a searching look before repeating the question. "I intend to spend the rest of my life with her, sir. I cannot imagine a life without Bella in it," I reply with a conviction. He frowns and then asks, "That's it?" What more do you want, old man? I think before the answer finally hits me. Charlie Swan was a pretty old-fashioned man. Bella had told me about some of his peculiarities, and one of those was that a suitor should ask the father of his intended for her hand before asking her. Hmm … I guess I'm gonna do it backwards. Well, what he doesn't know shouldn't hurt him. I try to steel my nerves as I lean forward in my seat, showing him that I mean business. When I know that I have his attention, I finally say, "Chief Swan, I love Bella. I think everyone who has ever encountered us as a couple knows that. She is an inseparable part of me. And like I said before, I cannot imagine her not being in my life. So, I have something to ask of you." He lets out a deep breath, and one side of his mouth quirks upward as he says quietly, "I was afraid that the time has come. Go ahead then. What do you want, boy?" He can't reach his gun before I can duck out of sight, I keep repeating it in my head like a frigging mantra as I tell him, "Sir, I am asking you for permission to marry your daughter. I promise she will never want for anything. I will always try my very best to keep her happy. Will you please give me your blessing for asking her for her hand in marriage?" He sits there quietly for what seems like at least an hour before sighing. "I guess I cannot keep pretending that she's my baby girl anymore," he says in a resigned tone. "But I'm warning you now, boy, if a single drop of tear ever escapes her eyes, you will be real sorry that you let her cry." I gulp at the open threat he throws at me and shake my head. "No, sir. I will never let my Bella cry." A small smile comes over his face as he asks, " Your Bella, huh?" I am about to apologize for saying that when he continues, "I suppose she is yours now. Take good care of your Bella, Edward." I start to nod when I realize for the first time since Bella had introduced me to him as her boyfriend, he has called me by my name and not boy . He notices my dumbstruck expression and grins at me. "What? I cannot just keep calling my soon-to-be son-in-law boy, now, can I?" I smile back and reply, "No, sir, you cannot." His eyes twinkle as he stand up to shake my hand and says, "Welcome to the family, son. And from now on, you can call me Charlie." I let out a relieved sigh, and after a few small talk, I walk out of his office—with my head intact and the blessing to marry his daughter. I reach my car in the parking lot, open up the door and slip inside. I am about to turn on the ignition when a sound alerts me of the new message I just received. I sit back and open the message and then just stare at the delectable ass of my lovely fiancée. Looks like she managed to take the picture after all. With an evil grin stretching on my face, I dial her number. She picks up at the first ring. "Wait, I have one more to send you …" she starts to say. And my dick perks up realizing what the last piece of the pic tease would be. I grin and reply to her. "No more waiting, Mrs. Soon-to-be Cullen. Chief Swan granted me the permission to marry his beautiful daughter, and now I'm coming home. To explore every perfect part of you, love." A small gasp comes from the opposite end of the phone, and smiling, I turn on the ignition, desperate to get back to my love. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.