sure he and I were okay. So, I groggily reached for my phone to text him after I shut my alarm off. B: Edward? I waited for about a minute until he replied back. I let go of a breath I didn't know I was holding. E: Hi Bella. B: How are you? E: Fine. B: Look, about last night. I'm really sorry about my friend. E: Some friend. B: Yeah, she can be pretty mean. I'm sorry. E: It's not the first time anyone's made fun of me. I can come along pretty strong. A bit too strong. B: No, I mean, it wasn't even that serious. Rose just took it to a whole new level last night. E: It's fine. B: No, it's not. She and I got into a fight after we left. I didn't think you deserved to be treated that way. E: Why do you like her? B: What do you mean? E: Like, why do you hang out with her even though she's like that? B: She doesn't always get like that. She just… Then again, I couldn't even finish the rest of the sentence. Why did I hang out with someone who did that to people? My phone's text messaging sound brought my mind back, and I looked on the screen. E: I think you're scared to be on your own because you've had them your entire life, and when something like me happens, you don't know what to think anymore. You waited until after Rose said what she said to me to defend me, but what happens now? You gonna ignore me like you always did? B: I would never do that! E: But your friends will. And I could just imagine what my cousin would think if you even looked at me. B: Josh has nothing to do with this. He wasn't the one who comforted me at that party. He wasn't the one who said I have pretty eyes. He wasn't the one who asked me out. He never asks me out! Tears from my eyes landed on the screen, and I brushed them away with shaking hands. I sniffled as I stood up, pacing. I don't know what this is, but I know that you're a better guy than he is. So much better. I like you, okay? I liked the kiss at the party. I want us to hang out. In public. I've done the secret shit with Josh, and it sucks. I sat down on my bed again, my chest feeling contracted with emotions I never knew I had. I covered my eyes and rubbed them out, but more tears kept spilling. I wanted more of my life. I wanted more than popularity and parties and getting drunk and not remembering. I wanted to graduate high school and go to college and get married and have kids. But I knew that if my "friends" hurt Edward, I'd defend him with everything I had. Because he was worth it. I jumped at a noise at my window. Small rocks bounced off the window sill, and I ran to see him standing nervously. He fixed his glasses and waved tentatively up at me. I gave a watery smile and waved back. My phone pinged, and I turned back to find a text from him. E: Have you been crying? B: Yeah, sorry. E: Why? What'd I do? Did I hurt you? B: No, no, not you. Just everything. I'll come down. E: Ok. I'll be in my car. I quickly put on my shoes and ran outside, careful to not wake up my dad. Edward's Volvo sat across the street in the middle of two houses. I walked to it and slid in the passenger seat. I gave him a hug, and he froze for a second then his fingers slid over my hips and brought me closer. I sighed and sniffled at the same time. "Are you okay?" I asked, pulling away. "Am I okay?" he retorted my question, wiping away a tear from my eye. "What's wrong?" "I just can't do it anymore. I can't go to school and ignore you and fight. I want this to work," I turned to him. "If you'll have me." He swiftly lifted his glasses to the top of his head, then leaned over to kiss me. The butterflies that were already in my stomach swarmed in a buzz. He put his hand on the nape of my neck, and I felt his glasses sliding down. He scrunched up his lips and pulled away. The glasses fell back on his face. I sniffled a laugh and adjusted them. "Aren't you blind without these?" He smiled adorably. "I'm farsighted. And I have contacts." "Don't. I like them on you," I smiled and kissed him quickly. He opened the dashboard and brought out a pack of tissues. I wiped my eyes and sniffled again, feeling a lot lighter. "So what about Josh?" he asked, and I could hear an unsureness toned in it. "There's nothing with him anymore," I said, taking his hand. "I know what's important now. So, you never told me why you wanted to ask me out. Why?" He shrugged and laced our fingers together. "I like you. I've liked you for a while. That's why I pick on you so much in class. But I was too afraid to ask you out, 'cause I thought you'd say no." "I'm not saying no." I squeezed his hand. "So, is that a yes?" he smiled. "Maybe." I rolled my eyes jokingly, and laughed. "Your friends wouldn't mind?" "I don't care what they think. I really don't." I said firmly. He smiled and leaned over to kiss my cheek. "I'm glad." Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.