I like her, but I haven't really seen her in a year. - Ed Dude, you talk to her every night. Do you love her or not? - Em I don't know, jackass. - Ed Look, you're making this too complicated. Just go in there, and get the girl already. Now Rose and I have a date planned, and the sitter just got here. Don't text me. Go get her, tiger. - Em I sent one more message. You're a jackass. - Ed As soon as the message was sent, I turned the phone off and climbed out of the car. I didn't want the excuse for distractions. Not tonight. The pub was beginning to fill with Friday night partiers, but I managed to grab a table in the back. After hours in the car I wanted to stretch my legs, but there was no time. She was due any time now, and I didn't want to miss a second. My stomach was twisted into knots, and my mouth was dry. I'd been looking forward to this for months, and now that the moment was here, I didn't know what to do with myself. I could barely breathe, I was so anxious. I wanted this to go well. I needed this to go well. My knee bounced, and I kept getting these weird and worried looks. I supposed I couldn't blame them. I was freaking out a little. Then, in the blink of an eye, I wasn't, because she was here. She was just as beautiful as I remembered. More, really. Her long brown hair was still glossy and beautiful, her eyes deep and soulful, her lips perfectly kissable. She carried herself differently. Shoulders back, chin up, delightfully wicked grin on her lips. She took what little breath I had away completely. She spotted me in the back, grinned, and the nerves came back even worse. Bella. Tonight was the night. As soon as she could get through the growing crowd, she threw her arms around my neck and hugged me. I grabbed her waist, picking her up off her feet in excitement. She squealed, and I laughed. "I've missed you." She spoke first when we settled into our seats. "We've talked every day. Hardly anything to miss." "No. I don't guess so." She turned a pretty shade of pink, and I might have stared like a doe-eyed teenager. "Still, you sitting here, face to face, I missed that." "Me too." I hadn't seen Bella since Alice and Jasper's wedding back in the summer. We spent time catching up. She asked about Emmett, Rose, and Emily. Emmett had gotten laid the night of the bar crawl after all, and nine months later, he and Rose had Emily. I honestly had never seen Emmett happier. "Being a dad suits him." "I can see that." Bella smiled, but her eyes darkened, and she looked anywhere but at me. "So, um, how did school go?" "Okay. I'm really starting to get sick of it. I just want life to start already." Bella nodded. "Have you thought about what I suggested?" "Yeah. Yeah, I have." I nodded. "I, uh, can't seem to think about anything else." Bella's deep brown eyes sparkled with what could only be called hope. "In fact, I really like the idea. One year off. School will always be there, right? There was just one thing I wanted to change." The beginnings of a smile were on her face as she leaned across the table. "What's that?" "I don't want to stay in Cambridge. I thought I might move to London." Bella all but jumped across the table and into my arms. One second I was just sitting there; the next I was kissing her like I'd been wanting to for a year. She was everywhere, her lips hot and tangled around my own, her body pressed against me, her smell. There was nothing else but Bella. She pulled away just enough to ask, "Let's go back to my place?" I nodded, but letting her go was a chore. The twenty minutes it took us to get through London traffic to her flat was hell. As soon as she had the door shut, I had her up against it. There was nothing in that moment but her, warm and solid and just there. I'd been dreaming of this moment, and I was not going to waste it now that she was here. "Edward." She giggled around my lips. "I have a bed, you know." "Who needs a bed?" I nipped her bottom lip. "Beds are overrated." "Oh. Have I fallen in love with a sexual deviant by accident." My eyes widened, and I stopped kissing her, frozen by shock. "You, you love me?" I stuttered like an imbecile. "Yeah." Bella's cheeks turned the prettiest shade of pink I had ever seen. "I know it's early and everything, and I wasn't going to say anything. That just kinda slipped out. Say something?" I felt a grin spread slowly across my face and cupped her cheeks between my palms. "Bella Swan, I fucking love you." "Graceful." She snickered and pulled me back down to where she could reach my lips. "Now, take me to bed please, Cullen? I've been waiting for this for a year." I don't remember most of that night. I remember her on top once. That was an image I would never be able to erase from my mind. I remember staying up all night and making love to her. I remember sleepy and sweet, and desperate and passionate. I remember not falling asleep until the sun was coming up and waking later in the afternoon to her smile and nothing else. And really, what else did I need? Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.