and over, I thrusted into her, hard enough to make her bed squeak. Every so often, I stilled to grind my pelvis against hers as I watched her eyes roll back into her head. Her little sounds were killing me. The moans and groans were so real and so much better than any porn or anyone else I'd been with. And when she'd try to say something but obviously couldn't because of how good I was making her feel . . . it was beyond anything. My arms strained with the effort of holding myself up but I wasn't ready to give in. Bella didn't seem to be either which just wouldn't do. Bracing myself, I reached one hand down, nearly coming as I felt myself moving in and out of her. "Fuck, you feel incredible," I murmured, moving my fingers up to her clit, circling with just a little bit of pressure. "But I need you to come again, princess. Do you . . . fuck . . . do you have another one for me?" I clenched my jaw, fighting the tightening I could already feel as I increased the pressure on her clit. Suddenly Bella's eyes popped open and her whole body seemed to arch as she nearly screamed my name. Even through the condom, I could feel her clenching around me which was the last straw for my already limited control. With her name on my lips, I thrust quickly until I felt myself coming and then I just gave into the fucking perfect sensation. The next thing I knew, I was lying directly on top of Bella. She didn't seem to really mind since her arms were wrapped tightly around my shoulders as her hands played with my hair, but I didn't want to suffocate her. "Sorry," I said, rolling to the side as far as she'd let me. "I kind of lost it a little bit there. You must be magic." When I said the word, she clenched, reminding me that although my dick was softening, I was still inside her. I wouldn't be soft for long with her doing that, though. "And apparently you like dirty talk, huh, princess?" She giggled — which also felt pretty incredible — and turned her head to give me a sweet kiss. "I didn't know I liked it," she said shyly. "But . . . yeah. That was good. Really good." "I think 'good' is an understatement," I said, not able to resist kissing her again. "That was . . . wow. Best ever for me." "Me too," she agreed. Her eyes told me exactly how honest she was being, and I knew I was telling the trust as well. There had never been anyone like this girl for me before. And maybe I hadn't lasted all that long and I possibly squashed her at the end, but we were still magic together. And I couldn't wait to go again. Unfortunately, I couldn't do that with the same condom so I regretfully pulled out of her before we got ourselves into a big mess and cleaned up a little in Bella's bathroom. When I crawled back into bed, Bella was yawning but trying to hide it. "We can sleep," I told her as she snuggled close to me. "We have all night, right? Or are you kicking me out? Do I have a midnight time limit?" I winked, making her chuckle. "No, you definitely do not have a time limit." Her voice softened. "I'd keep you forever if I could." I hugged her tightly, kissing the top of her head. "I'm pretty sure you can, you know. This doesn't end tonight. We will see each other back in Seattle. I'm not letting you go now." "Good," she mumbled. "Don't want you to." Her speech was a bit garbled already so I pulled the sheet over us. "Sleep, princess. I'll wake you with a kiss later." She smiled faintly so I gave her one last kiss before she was completely out. I watched her sleep for a while before remembering that I needed to text Em before I went to sleep, too. And the light in the other room was still on, but we desperately needed the ceiling fan to be instead. Damn Florida heat. Carefully, I shifted Bella out of my arms and got out of bed. I went to make sure her door was locked first and then came back, turning off the light behind me. The TV was next, but I had to stop and laugh when I saw what movie she had picked that we never watched. The menu to Snow White was playing, and I honestly couldn't believe I'd gotten so lucky. Maybe I didn't like Disney or believe in fate or wishes or dreams coming true. But Bella was all of that and more, and I had Disney to thank for it. And I probably needed to buy Emily a few more souvenirs since she'd had that stupid star idea. Somehow I was now living in a real life fairy tale, and God, I was loving every minute of it. Once I turned the fan on and got comfortable in bed, I pulled out my phone to text Emmett again — the truth this time. The asshole probably wasn't going to believe that I was spending the night with Snow White, but I couldn't say I cared. He was the one who'd told me to embrace the magic, and if this wasn't embracing the magic, I didn't know what was. I was spending the night — and hopefully many more nights to come — with my own browned-eyed princess. That was a happily ever after if I'd ever heard of one. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.