remind her, quirking a brow. She nods and her face says: true, true. Kissing takes on a new pitch, hungry and completely unrestrained. She's not holding back and the way she sucks on the side of my neck melts my fucking bones. I've become a spineless, boneless pussy under this girl's hands. I roll her beneath me and hover above her for a moment, kissing her forehead. Pushing back on my knees, I slowly pull her zipper down. She lifts her hips, giving me the okay I need. Awkwardly, I shimmy them down her legs and we shift this way then that in an effort to rid ourselves of the last of our clothing. Her waist is trim and the gentle flare of her hips has my blood humming. Of all the curves and lines, this is my favorite. There's something intensely feminine about it: hips that round and blossom during puberty and again during pregnancy. And with that same thought, I freeze. Sex wasn't something I planned for this weekend. Drinking, yes. Drugs, yup. Sexy brunette, not so much. Fuck. "What?" she asks, fingers gently stroking me. Fucking stupid flashlight! I fumble around, pulling it out from under the air mattress. "No condoms, love. I … I so wasn't a boy scout." A grin that makes my stomach clench, that promises bad, bad things, blooms on her perfect face, and she laces her fingers in mine, drawing me toward her. Guiding my fingers to her lips, she sucks them into her mouth. Her tongue slides along my digits and swear I my eyes roll. "Finger me," she demands. My wet fingers slip from her mouth. Done deal, I think. My fingertips trip and dance along her naked body until they find soft curls and sticky heat. I tug at her hips, pulling her up, letting her ass rest on my thighs. Spreading her open, I feel her tummy quiver and when my fingers push inside, she mewls little a kitten. Her hips roll and rides and God the sounds ! They're soft and rough and airy and high all at once. When she comes on my hands, panting, I think that this isn't enough. Not even close. Barely giving her body a chance to settle, she sits up and the slide of her against me makes me moan. Bella shoves playfully and I oblige, letting my legs unfurl. As soon as my back hits the noisiest fucking mattress ever, Bella wiggles down, down, down. Her lips wrap around my cock and I can't help the way they push up to met her. She moans and hums around me and its pretty much fucking bliss. The sun can come up tomorrow … or not. I'm good. XXXX June 2016 "Monkey man, let's go!" Rose hollers, hands on her hips and her belly just barely swelling. Four months ago Emmett's super jam broke past the condom —and apparently missed the memo about the pill—and wham, mini monkey on the way. Emmett's ecstatic! Who knew the boy harbored family feelings? The shit you learn about your housemate when they're in a serious relationship is astounding. For instance, Jasper fucks with his socks on. Didn't need to know that shit, but after hearing Alice yammer about it for the umpteenth time, it's kinda just in there now. "Sunscreen!" Em shouts, lumbering down the steps of their new two storey. Em graduated last year and walked into a comfy position at some robotics company. It isn't his dream job, but it's only a few steps down the path. I couldn't be happier for the jackhole. "That's everything. I think we're ready," I say, slowly signing along. My hands still make a mess of words, but my girl is patient with me … and an amazing motivator. And yes, by motivation, I mean sexual favors. The Escalade is packed, Bella's Accent is packed, and Alice's midget body is stretched out across in the back, her feet resting in Jasper's lap. She's happily sings along to City and Colour . Completely out of tune, I might add, but the girl gives no shits. I admire that about her. Jasper still has a year of schooling, like me. He's decided to specialize in Behavioral Psych. Over the last two years, he's developed an interest in Autism. That fascination may or may not have something to do with Alice's little brother Riley. He's fourteen and amazing, and much like his big sister, couldn't care what the world around him thinks. We pull away, heading toward the mistake that brought us all together two years ago. The sun's hiding behind the clouds, and the breeze is cooler than I'd like. Bella cues up my iPod and shoots me a stunning smile. As we pull up to a stop sign, she flicks my arm to get my attention. "I have plans for you. Bad things," she signs, "unholy, bad things. I hope you did your stretches." Not a word leaves her mouth, but the look in her eyes makes the tone crystal clear. I laugh and shake my head. "Watch the road," I sign, not bothering to speak because I don't feel like sharing. Two years ago, the sun came up on a warm Sunday morning, promises were made, friends gained, and plans changed. Since then caps have flown into the air, careers begun, passions found, and families joined. Tomorrow when the sun breaks over C-26, a new promise will be made. A promise of forever. And yeah, I'm aware I just went all vagina monologues, but the damn brunette sitting next to me does that shit to me. She complicates my life in the best way, and I can't stand the thought of a single tomorrow without her. Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.