you want to know that. I'm with Edward, and we're not wearing any clothes at the moment.- S Bella's cheeks were flushed as she recounted the story the next day in the relative safety of her bedroom, but Emmett's booming laughter was enough to wake the other occupants of the house. Two doors down, two sets of bare feet were tangled together in the borrowed bed. Seth's jet black hair was fanned out on the pillow, and he absently brushed a few loose strands away from his face as he woke slowly. It didn't take him long to realize he wasn't alone in the bed, and his arms tightened around the younger man whose head was resting on his chest. Edward's pale flesh contrasted beautifully against Seth's darker skin in the dappled light from the window, and he couldn't keep his hands out of the other boy's messy reddish hair. He was just so damn beautiful. Seth felt his cock respond immediately when Edward shifted his leg in his sleep to brush against it. He was a little surprised he still had the ability to get it up after all the use it'd had last night. Seth had been wound up for the past few days—each date with Edward left him longing for more, and the boy was a major tease. Seth knew Edward would probably torture him through the party at his sister's house, so he went to the gym for a workout before coming over to Bella and Emmett's. The grueling pace did little to relieve the stress he was feeling, so he took a chance on beating one out in the shower upstairs. Edward was waiting for him when he came out, eyes gleaming with lust as his gaze narrowed in on the prize. They never made it out of the bedroom. Edward had commented several times on the intense chemistry between the two of them, and they discovered that that chemistry led to some intense physical reactions in the bedroom. Seth replayed flashes of Edward's face looking up at him from his knees, his cheeks flushed and rosy lips wrapped around Seth's cock. After discovering Edward's extremely talented mouth, Seth had bent him over the desk and introduced him to his own talented fingers. He made a mental note to buy Bella a new vase for the desk—it had only cracked a bit when they knocked it off, but he knew how particular she was about her things. He just hadn't been thinking about that when Edward looking back over his shoulder with those gorgeous green eyes. Thinking back on the night before, Seth couldn't hold back a chuckle at the memorable, pleasurable¸ evening. Despite what he had been told, he'd been completely smitten when he finally met Edward, the boy his step-sister had taken under her wing while Seth was off at college. Charlie—Bella's dad—had insisted on throwing a graduation party for Edward out at the beach in La Push, and Seth was fairly sure the world stopped turning the minute he laid eyes on the tall, fair boy with the voice of an angel. Bella introduced them with a mischievous gleam in her eyes, but neither man even knew she was there. They had spent the evening talking, and almost every day together since that night, but they were taking their relationship slowly since they had so many mutual friends and family to risk losing if something were to go wrong between them. It all came to a head the night before, and they spent a spectacular evening alone, while everyone else partied downstairs. Seth was grateful that they had managed to find their way under the sheets when Edward's bigoted sister poked her head in the door, but he couldn't resist teasing Bella when she texted him to check in on them. Another text had his phone buzzing from the table beside him, and Edward squirmed when Seth reached over him to grab it. Might want to get dressed—Emmett's excited.- B "Edward," Seth whispered, not sure what kind of mood his lover would be in. He'd dealt with Bella's morning grouchiness for more years than he cared to remember. Edward looked like he might be just as touchy. Edward moaned as he rubbed his face against the delicious stretch of skin beneath him, wanting nothing more than to burrow down beneath the covers and not move the rest of the day. The night before had exceeded all his wildest dreams, and he was so grateful that Seth agreed to take that next step with him. "Eddie, come on, baby. We need to get up." Seth spoke louder, running his hand down Edward's back to soothe him. "Unless you want Emmett to get a view of that gorgeous ass, you might want to put some clothes on." Seth sat back against the headboard after pulling on his discarded boxer briefs, watching that sexy ass in question move frantically around the room. Edward's jeans were missing, and Seth's were way too big for him to borrow, so the resulting search was entertaining to watch. Seth's phone buzzed again, this time with a message from Emmett. Way to go, kid! I knew you'd tap that!- E Seth was torn somewhere between shock and amusement. He'd been around Emmett long enough to be used to his brother-in-law's sometimes crass brand of humor, and he decided to fight fire with fire. Yeah, thanks, Em. You never told me he was so… charming - S And by charming, I mean he has a horse cock- S Edward leaned over his shoulder as Seth burst out laughing, and his horrified shout joined Emmett's through the house. "SETH!" Well, breakfast was bound to be at least a little bit awkward… Hosts' note: Please support this author with a review! Remember not to hint at the author's identity, should you happen to know it, as this will lead to disqualification. Thank you for reading! Voting for the contest opens on September 17th.