He sounded hopeful. She simply smiled at him vaguely and went inside. The rest of the morning passed in about the same fashion. Her Trigonometry teacher, Mr. Varner, who she would have hated anyway just because of the subject he taught, was the only one who made her stand in front of the class and introduce herself. She had stammered, blushed, and tripped over her own boots on the way to her seat. After two classes, she started to recognize several of the faces in each class. There was always someone braver than the others who would introduce themselves and ask her questions about how shr was liking Forks. She tried to be diplomatic, but mostly she just lied a lot. At least she never needed the map. Once the lunch bell went off Bella was walking beside a talkative girl with curly black hair. Since she didn't remember her name Bella simply nodded her head to everything the girl was saying. Once she was seated at a table with seven curious strangers, Bella noticed a table more peculiar than hers. They didn't look anything alike. Of the three boys, one was big – muscled like a serious weight lifter, with dark, curly hair. Another was taller, leaner, but still muscular, and honey blond. The last was lanky, less bulky, with untidy, bronze-colored hair. He was more boyish than the others, who looked like they could be in college, or even teachers here rather than students. The girls were opposites. The tall one was statuesque. She had a beautiful figure, the kind you saw on the cover of the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, the kind that made every girl around her take a hit on her self-esteem just by being in the same room. Her hair was golden, gently waving to the middle of her back. The short girl was pixielike, thin in the extreme, with small features. Her hair was a deep black, cropped short and pointing in every direction. And yet, they were all exactly alike. Every one of them was chalky pale, the palest of all the students living in this sunless town. Paler than me, the albino. They all had very dark eyes despite the range in hair tones. They also had dark shadows under those eyes – purplish, bruiselike shadows. As if they were all suffering from a sleepless night, or almost done recovering from a broken nose. Though their noses, all their features, were straight, perfect, angular. The blonde she noticed look up and their eyes met, and she saw her eyes light up. Bella frowned slightly and turned her attention back to the others at the table. She saw out of her peripheral vision that the blonde was arguing with the pixie like girl. Bella once again turned her attention to the girl who's name she couldn't remember. "Who are they?" Bella asked indicating the table of teens. The girl turned her gaze for a split second before looking back at her. "The two dark haired boys are Edward and Emmet Cullen. While the blond haired one is Jasper Hale with his twin Rosalie Hale. The short pixie like girl is Alice Cullen," She explained and Bella nodded absent mindedly. It was good to finally have a name to the mysterious people. Bella was slightly glad when the bell rang signalling the end of lunch. Bella walked towards exit and felt her shoulder accidentally hit something. She glanced to the side and saw Rosalie Hale standing there. The beautiful blonde seemed shocked that she was there, and Bella smiled embarrassed at her. "Sorry," She said softly and quickly left the room. Not aware that Rosalie was looking at her retreating form wanting her to come back. The rest of the day passed quickly to her, and the only other class she had a problem with besides Trigonometry was Gym. She absolutely loathed it, and wished it didn't have to be required to graduate. Luckily she hadn't bumped into any of the Cullen's or Hale's again. She didn't want them to get mad at her. She had been told countless times how lucky she was that Rosalie A.K.A The Ice Queen hadn't yelled at her. So she was pretty much keeping to herself although some people did talk to her. She was glad when the final bell rung signalling the end of the day. Bella quickly gathered her supplies and headed out towards her car. Luckily it had stopped raining but there was still a heavy forecast. She walked towards her Impala while pulling her keys from her bag. She unlocked her car and looked up, and saw that Rosalie and the others were looking at her. Edward she believed was staring at her with a curious expression. Alice seemed to be bouncing with excitement and she was tugging at Rosalie's arm whispering something to her. With a sigh and a shake of her head Bella got into her car. She saw that Alice was tugging much harder on Rosalie's arm, and that Rosalie had a look of slight panic on her features. Once again Bella sighed and started her car. She saw that Alice was starting to drag Rosalie towards her car, but Rosalie was resisting slightly. Bella frowned slightly but decided that it probably didn't concern her. She shifted her car into drive and pulled out of her spot and starting driving towards the road. As she reached the road, out of her rearview mirror she saw Alice hit Rosalie in the back of the head. Bella again frowned but decided not to dwell on it. As she drove towards her house she couldn't help, but wonder what that was all about. With a sigh Bella knew her stay at Forks just got a lot more interesting. A/N: I hope you liked the First Chapter of Ascending Darkness. I am sorry about all the misspelled/missing words. And the rating is M for later chapters. Disclaimer: I do NOT own Twilight. - DarknessIncarcerated