could barely sense her dead, not beating heart. After someone has passed away, I begin to stop sensing them. Her hair was a mangled and bloody mess, her blue eyes wide open. She had a knife sticking out of her chest. I felt Zach the moment after I saw him. His ability of speed always made it harder for me to sense where he is when he is moving. He stepped in front of me, "You don't need to keep looking at her." He said firmly. I could sense his pounding heart, his calm voice didn't fool me. Zach's wasn't the only heart I could sense. I looked at him, "Upstairs." I whispered. He moved in a flash, and I ran up the stairs behind him. The walls were bloody, and so were the stairs. Our dad sat slumped in the hallway. He was still alive, but barely. Zach was leaning down towards him. I began to move my magic towards him, I could save him! I can't do anything about the dead, but I can save him! "Reid, dear…please don't." Dad chocked out, spitting up blood. "I-I love you kids," He spit up some more blood, "but Jane…" He was talking about mom, tears were spilling down his eyes. I froze, and in those few seconds of hesitation, his life slipped away too quickly. I fell to the floor next to him, "Dad! No! Dad! We need you! What happened? Dad!" I felt the hot tears pouring down my face, "I could have saved you!" Zach tried to pull me back but I ripped myself from his grip. He didn't try to move me for another few minutes. "We are going to have to leave, Reid." He said in a calm, quiet voice. "Dad told me what happened." I looked up at my brother, trying to control my fear. "It was rebel Intras." He continued, "Dad said they didn't seem to know about your ability, so as long as we get the hell out of dodge we should be safe." Rebel Intras, they wanted power. They wanted to walk freely again, they wanted to rule the world with fear. People like me were exactly the kind of people they needed to do that. I nodded, trying to stop my tears. "Reid?" Becca's voice pulled me from my thoughts. My eyes were starting to water up. "Are you okay?" Her concern was gentle and sweet. "I-uh-uhm, uh yeah." I stuttered, "It's just that my parents were, uh murdered." I blurted out, and Becca gasped, putting her hand on her heart. "Oh dear, I'm so sorry!" She looked like she was about to lean over and hug me, and from the sudden tense in her muscles I'd bet she had just stopped herself from doing so. These people seemed so nice, but I didn't want to talk about my family. "So, what is my job?" I asked, trying to pull myself back together. Becca gave me a gentle smile, "First I'll show you around the store. But this week you'll be rearranging a couple sections. Granddad's wanted to move a couple genres for a while now, and now that we have extra hands he said it was about time we did that." I nodded, "Sounds good." Becca beckoned me around the counter, she seemed really great. I wondered if we would become friends. She smile brightly at me, she had that kind of positivity and joy about her that was infectious. Becca showed me the office, that had a mini kitchen in it. They had a bathroom, and a storage room. Becca was about three inches taller than me. Her curly blonde hair bouncing just at her shoulders. Her soft features didn't come from her granddad or dad, but her brown eyes did. She told me how her granddad and grandma had opened this store when they got married, and after her grandma passed away ten years her dad started working here part-time. Her dad is a mechanic and her mom a nurse. Becca has been helping her granddad every summer since she was ten, and started working here full-time after she graduated. She told me her dad would be in later to go over some more things with me. I set to work on rearranging, Charles wanted to move the romance section from the back of the store to the front. He wanted the history books to be moved towards the back. "He says it's a shame, but more people come in looking for romance novels than history books." Becca told me, "I'd rather read about romance to be honest." She smiled at me, "What's your favorite genre?" I put my hands on my hips as I thought about it. That's a tough question. "I think as long as it's good, I'll read it. Fiction, nonfiction, romance, or sci fi. As long as it has a good plot and intriguing characters, and the ability to bring me into a new world, it doesn't matter the setting." Becca laughed, "You sound like my grandma." She cocked her head to the side, "Actually a lot about you reminds me of her." Interesting, maybe that's why Charles had that "feeling" about me. Becca laughed again, "Maybe that's why granddad has one of his feelings about you." She said, echoing my own thoughts. Becca was bubbly, and always had an easy smile on her face. I liked her. There was something different about her, but I didn't know what it was. She helped me start the process of moving the history section. A few customers came in over the morning, and she would leave to help them find something or ring up their purchases. We chatted endlessly about books, movies, and the random topics that came up in between. Talking to her was easy, we had a lot of common interests. I thought we would eventually run out of things to talk about, but we didn't. Maybe Forks wasn't going to be so bad.