hurry into the car rental shop when Mike yelled "hey if you need any more favors just call me ok?" I nodded my head and waved as he pulled away. Finally he's gone! I drove away from the rental shop in my small white Prius. It wasn't the best car they had but it was the cheapest. I turned on the radio and changed it to the news station, it was going to rain tomorrow… and the next day… and the next day… great. But maybe that's a benefit in Forks as a doctor, rain plus cars equals accidents. So I drove 2 miles just to get to the hospital. It was a giant white building with many windows, it was as gloomy and pale as everyone inn this town. Was everyone in forks like this? But anyways I entered the building and went strait to the front desk. I asked if I could volunteer and she handed me some forms to write my information, there was also a form (more like a quiz) about what to do in certain situations with a patient as a doctor, I did the quiz just for fun because I knew most answers. I went back to the desk and handed her back the forms she read it over quickly. "well it looks like you know what your doing" The secretary in the pink scrubs said behind the counter, Her silver name tag said Kacy and her black hair was pulled back into a pony tail. "What do you mean?" I asked curiously "Well the quiz, you got all the answers right. How did you get this sheet?" "You gave it to mean with all the forms" "I did? Well for a 16 year old you have a bright future as a doctor. This sheets actually supposed to come with the job application" "Oh, well that makes me feel better, I want to be a doctor actually" "Well you can't be one right now but… I'll make a deal with you, because you know what you're already doing and we've been kind of short staffed lately. Can you go around checking on minor patients?" "and what would I be doing if I didn't accept that offer?" "you would be cleaning out pee bins? How does that sound?" "you know… I'll take you on that offer" "then it's a deal, you can start… tomorrow?" and she smiled at me. "ya, alright" and I smiled back The next few weeks had been nice, I would go to school, have a good time with Mike, Angela and all them, I was getting good grades and its nice to be working at the hospital, its what I've always wanted to do. I'd had finally gotten myself a white lab coat just to fit in with all the other doctors. They all accepted me and treated me like one of their close friends, so on a regular I would do something kind for them in return. Maybe, such as make them coffee or make them a nice fresh lunch, things like that. So one day I was making them fresh coffee and crispy, cheese crescents when I just started… singing, out loud, for everyone to hear but no one was around to hear. At the same time I didn't realize I was singing the song lilac wine, and I didn't realize how easily the words flowed and bounced out of my mouth. "Lilac wine is sweet and steady, where's my love, I feel unsteady" "beautiful." I jumped, spilling some coffee that I was pouring into a random white mug that I had found in the cupboards in the hospitals kitchen. I turned around to see a statuesque's blonde gentle man standing in the door way with his arm leaning on the structure of the entrance, I was taken my surprise, from his sneaky enter and striking smile. "Huh? Me?" I pointed at my self after unsteadily place the coffee pot down. "Your voice. Its quite marvelous." "Umm… its nothing really. I don't like singing very much" "well I like your singing, it really epitomizes your soul. Your very excellent and fervent, so excellent I could replay your voice for hours." and he gave me a half smile. And suddenly I felt sad that I couldn't venture into all his beauty. "well thank you… um, my names Amber" I started walking to him, leaving the comfort of the kitchen table, and I stretched my hand out for a firm handshake. He met me half way and added the missing puzzle piece to my begging hand. "Dr. Carlisle Cullen" and he smiled that dazzling smile that you could see for miles at me one last time. Then we talked and he complimented me one last time before he announced that he had to go back to work. And once again that discovery of not being able to venture into this genius, polite, prepossessing mans thoughts, saddened me. He started for the door when he stopped and turned around and asked me a life changing question. "Would you like to come by my house after work for some dinner? I would love for you to meet my wife and kids, my children are in your grade. I think you guys could get along." "I'd love to, how could I deny such an offer? Just give me the address and I'll find my way there." so he gave me his address and he left, on his way to save lives. I didn't look at Carlisle as an older gentle man that some girls would love to sleep with. I looked up to him as a father figure. Something I never had in my life. Even if I had just met him, I got this fatherly vibe from him, and it made me enjoy his company. And I couldn't wait to meet his family, maybe their just like him. And as Angela once said, "maybe he'll adopt me" and I somewhat hoped he would.