crawls onto the bed, knees either side of his body, her breasts swaying. He grunts as her soft skin sweeps over where he is aching for her. She pauses, looking up at him, her head cocked. She shuffles back a bit, watching him carefully. His eyes squeeze shut and his jaw locks as her mouth closes over him. "Oh, Christ. Bella … Bella …" He'll never get used to this, her willingness to please him this way. He used to feel guilty for wanting it, sure that she'd find it, and him, repugnant. He could never bring himself to articulate his desire—after all, he still hadn't wrapped his head around the fact that she could want him . Before Isabella danced into his life, he'd convinced himself that this kind of physical intimacy and pleasure was something he was unlikely to experience. She'd been the one who asked if she could, stuttering and refusing to look at him, still flushed from the pleasure his fingers had brought her. When he caught on to what she was intimating, he'd agreed with an embarrassing eagerness. Today, though, whilst he's definitely enjoying the feel of her lips and tongue, he wants more, he wants—needs—to be closer to her. "Bella, wait." His voice is strained. "Stop, love." She pauses, looking up at him, worry lining her brow. He smiles in reassurance. "Come here." This time she does. One hand on the swell of her hip, he winds the other into her hair, pulling her mouth to his. He kisses her, pouring everything into it—all the love he has for her, all his amazement that she loves him in return, all his thankfulness for her constant devotion. She melts against him, tiny gasps escaping her when they break for breath. "Please," she whispers. "I–I want you." "You have me." Isabella pushes up, moving against him until their bodies are joined. His breath caught in his throat, Edward lifts his hands to her breasts. Sensation overwhelms him: the warm slickness of her, her hard nipples under his palms and the soft brush of her hair against the backs of his hands, the weight of her body on his thighs. Back arching as her pleasure builds, Isabella finds her release with a soft moan. Her body limp above him, Edward grips her hips and follows, his muscles contracting and then releasing as a wave of ecstasy crashes over him. Isabella collapses onto his chest, and Edward wraps an arm around her, pushing her long hair out of her face. Her lips are swollen and deep red, her cheeks flushed, a sheen of perspiration on her brow. "You're beautiful," he says. She smiles sleepily. "I feel a little grotty, actually. But thank you." "Grotty?" "Sand and salt," she says, her words less precise than usual. "Sticky." "Ah." Edward moves his good leg across the quilt, feeling the grainy texture of the sand that now covers their bed. "We should clean up." She yawns and sits up. "We should." They work together to strip the bed, then refit the sheets. Isabella does most of the work, Edward thinks he probably hinders more than he helps, but her smile never falters. "Don't fall asleep without me," she scolds, pushing him playfully onto the crisply folded sheets. "I won't be long." It's only a few minutes before she re-enters the bedroom, frowning at her extended arms. "I think I might have gotten a touch sunburnt." Her hair is damp, and she wears only a bath towel. Edward pokes gently at her shoulder. His fingerprint lingers white for a moment before the pink flush returns. She is sunburnt. "Do we have any tomatoes?" Isabella frowns. "I think so. Why?" "According to my mother, it's very good for sunburn. You cut it in half and then rub the juicy parts over your skin." She scrunches up her nose. "That sounds revolting." "Yes." He chuckles. "Well, later." She sits on the edge of the bed. "Nap with me first?" She falls asleep easily, her face turned towards him, her hand clasped around his. Edward watches the soft rise and fall of her shoulders, the fluttery movement of her eyelids as she dreams, listening to the quiet rhythm of her breathing. Sometimes the love he has for her catches him by surprise, overwhelming him with its magnitude. Other times, like now, he can almost feel it growing, expanding, overtaking him until he's sure it can't be contained inside his flawed and broken body. "I love you," he whispers. Isabella sighs in her sleep. Edward slides the hand not holding hers under his pillow, and he watches her dream until his own blinks grow slow and heavy and a peaceful sleep claims him. … … A/N: Thank you so much to SassyKathy, who chose this as her Judges' Choice Winner in the Literotica category. Thank you to dreaminginnorweigen for pre-reading and cheerleading. I'd almost convinced myself I couldn't do this when I sent her the first 1000 words - and she told me to keep going and assured me it didn't suck. Thanks, beebs. Thank you also, to Astro2009 for betaing for me, and for sharing a beautiful piece of her family history with me, too. Thank you, lovely. My maternal grandmother was kicked off Bondi Beach in the summer of '50 or '51 for wearing a bikini. She was a free-spirited woman, born well ahead of her times - I keep meaning to fictionalise the story of her life, but no one would believe it! My paternal grandparents met at a dance on Boxing Day. My grandfather, a British naval officer, volunteered to wash dishes so he could be speak to my grandmother. They married four months later, and are still going strong after more than 63 years together. Thank you to everyone who read and voted for "On Penkivil Street," and thank you to all the hosts and judges of the 2013 Age of Edward contest for the opportunity to write this. Shell x