thee Nina?" Bella asked. Both of us narrowed our eyes at her because I knew I'd never mentioned Nina to her. "What?" I said. "You know" She said before she started singing. "Oh Nina you should go Nina cause I ain't ever coming home Nina oh won't you leave me now. And I've been living on the road Nina but then again you should know Nina cause that's me and you both Nina oh won't you leave me no- "Yeah, Yeah I'm the Nina from the song." She said as she glared at me. Letting us into the house. Nina never forgave me for that part of our breakup. The song I wrote about her. That let everyone in on the fact that we were over. Even though it was years ago. "I've apologized for that song so many times I'm not even going to try anymore." I said with a grunt. "You're good at not trying." She said to me crossing her arms with a sarcastic smile. Bella just looked at the two of us with her arms crossed and a smirk in the dress. "Do you guys need to be alone?" She said. "No." We both said to her. Nina smiled at her. "That's an amazing dress by the way." Nina said to Bella. "It's a shame no one got married in it." She finished with. Bella turned to look at herself in the large mirror that was by the entryway. "I just want to take it off." She said softly. "Exactly why we're here she needs clothes. Cause we have a long drive ahead of us. And all her money is back in New York with all the ruckus and if there's anyone I know with a shit ton of clothes they don't wear… it's definitely you." I said sweetly to Nina who rolled her eyes. "I'm only doing this because I think you're a cool girl. I'm doing this for you not for him." Nina said to Bella being as stubborn as when I had first been with her. Bella just laughed as Nina took her hand and brought her upstairs. I took this opportunity to look around the house that once was mine. I went into the living room and smiled at how much it changed. One thing didn't though. The fireplace. I walked over to it but got distracted by a familiar jangling sound. "Marshall!" I said amused to the little dog that ran to me. I laughed as I picked it up and it started to lick me. When I lived here I had always hated this fucking dog. It annoyed the hell out of me it would rip up my documents, sleep on my side of the bed and interrupt Nina and I when we'd be having sex. With the dog in my arms I looked at the fireplace and saw the picture I was looking for. The picture of Nina and I at Grammy's that one year. The year we were at the peak of our relationship… the best part. The picture was of us sitting down she was laughing uncontrollably as I tickled her side. Jasper took that photo. It always made me smile. Even now that she was engaged to be married this picture was still up and I knew why. It wasn't because she wanted me back… or even because she missed me. Because Nina was a lot like me she liked to remember the good times. She lived on the memory of good times… just like I did. "Ok." Said Bella from behind me with a clap of her hand. I turned to look at her to see her in skinny jeans her long red-brown down in waves. She was wearing a black hoodie and she had a duffel and suitcase of clothes Nina had given her. They were both standing there. "She's all already to go. Come here Marshall baby." Nina said and just like that Marshall left my arms and went to her. "That dog was always a traitor." I mumbled and Bella giggled. Nina and I were looking at each other and Bella got the gist. "Ok well I'll take this to the car… Nina thank you so much." Bella said and Nina grabbed her into a hug. "We have to go shopping one day." Nina said and Bella nodded in agreement. "When all this blows over. Me, you Soho… And I know the perfect place for you to get your wedding dress." Bella said. Nina smiled and Bella took the duffel out to the car and it was just Nina and I as we walked to the front door. She looked out at Bella who was now sitting in the passenger side waiting for me to say my goodbye. "I hope you know what you're doing." She said softly. "I do." I didn't. I still don't know why I did half the things I did that day. "Seriously you have to be careful with her she's really fragile right now." Nina said. "I know… Don't worry I'll take care of her." "Good but don't forget to take care of yourself." She said I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her forehead. "Take care Nina." I said turning to go sway. "Bye," She said and just to piss her off which I loved to do. I started humming the song Nina. And she flipped me the bird with a smile as she slammed the door shut and I know she heard my laughter. I got into the car and Bella looked at me. "Still love her huh?" She said and I shook my head. "No not love but… care definitely yeah. I'll definitely always care for her." I admitted out loud. Bella looked at me softly. "I barely know you and I already feel you're a really good guy." She said quietly. "I try." Was al I said with a smile as we started to drive. To where we both needed to be.