brushing the hollow behind her earlobe, and she feels more like a woman – a whole woman – in this moment than she has in the two years since Ben kissed her goodbye before work and never kissed her hello again. The eyes that bore down into hers are green, and the man attached to the hand cradling her face is a good head taller than Ben and he smells different – earthy and warm to Ben's citrusy and cool – but the affection in his eyes and the self-conscious half-lift at the edges of his mouth make her not want to put the two side by side. With Ben, she'd felt like they were partners in life, halves of a whole, man and wife, yin and yang. With Edward, she feels as though they are soldiers fighting back-to-back, weary survivors holding each other up, kindred spirits finding each other's hand in the darkness. The two feel so patently different that she makes herself ignore the comparison between the men. "Bella, if you need to…pull back. It's okay." There's a small furrow between his heavy brows. "Okay," she murmurs, still focused on the feel of his palm against her face. "You too." "Okay." His expression is all careful calculation: precaution in the creased brow, wariness in the watchful eyes, and she's suddenly inordinately grateful for this moment, that he's being as careful as he is, that she won't be doing this with a man who will come at her with a firestorm of passion she's ill-equipped to handle. Then he ducks his head and he's kissing her, and her own calculated thoughts are pushed aside. His lips are cool from the wintery air and sweetly minty from his chewing gum and soft like silk and so, so gentle. He kisses her like she's something delicate – blown glass or a dandelion puff or a dew-dotted spiderweb – and she kisses him back the same way, soft and tender and understanding. And it isn't the feel of his lips on hers or the way his warm hand cups her jaw and neck or the slight friction of his chest against hers, but the way his warm breath puffs into her mouth that sends a secret thrill sparking through her veins. Because he keeps his tongue to himself, a gentleman through and through, but his mouth is open, trading breaths with hers, and it's so trusting and intimate and vulnerable that a swell of affection for him crests in her chest. Of all the secrets, the ugly truths, the painful confessions they've shared tonight, nothing has felt quite so intimate as this, the swirl of their combined breath between their open mouths. When he closes his mouth and presses one last, soft, kiss to her lips before pulling back, there's a small part of her that wants to pull him into her home and her life and watch Die Hard and order takeout and twist tops off Heineken bottles and hide from the world and their grief together. But there's another part of her – tiny, fledgling, like a seedling only just beginning to sprout through the soil – that wants to grab his hand and jump off cliffs, throwing themselves headlong back into life, together. Her eyes are still closed, and she feels the warm skin of his forehead press against hers. Their breaths are still mingling between them as her heart jackhammers in her chest, and she wants to laugh and cry and run and skip and leap and twirl at the same time she wants to sit in a dark room alone with a blanket wrapped around her and just…be. "Hey, Bella?" His voice is suddenly rough, low, and it makes goose bumps rise on her neck. "Yeah?" "I'm still not ready." "Me either." "But I think…I think that just got me considerably closer." She grins, eyes still closed. "Me too." He pulls back, eyes opening and watching her carefully, so carefully, and even though people have been treating her with kid gloves for two years now, she finds that on him, it looks different. She finds that with him, she doesn't mind quite so much. "You okay?" Better than , she wants to say, but all she can do is nod. "You?" He nods, a half-smile pushing its way through the apprehension. "Just kissed a pretty girl. 'Okay' is kind of an understatement." But she sees the sharp edge behind the soft words, and she wonders if, like her, he was drawing comparisons he didn't really want to draw. Stepping back, he slips his hands back into his pockets. "I should let you get inside. It's cold." "Yeah." "But, uh…I'll call you? To hang out?" "That'd be great." It's the first invitation in a long time she hasn't wanted to say no to, and she thinks that maybe that's what healing looks like. "Great," he says, retreating down her steps backward. And as she watches him go, she has the sudden urge to see him smile again. "Hey, Edward?" He pauses. "Hey, Bella." "Just don't use the quid pro quo line on the first girl you try to sleep with, okay?" His laughter is like sun rays slicing through the hazy darkness as he backs away, and when he lifts a hand in a half-wave before turning and making his way back toward his car, Bella realizes she's grinning at his retreating back. And as she watches him go, a brief flash sparks in her mind – her, on the receiving end of that particular proposition – and she can't deny the faint flare of interest, of possibility that flickers to life within her. She isn't ready. She knows she isn't. But as her eyes track him up her street, she lets herself believe for the first time that someday, perhaps sooner than later, she will be. . . . Thanks for reading. I haven't forgotten about "Infinite Visibility" – the next chapter is coming, I swear. xo