on my behind. His face was rosy, his hair stood on end crazily as if he'd been yanking it, and under the open coat his chest was heaving for breath. He must have run up five flights of stairs. He put up his hands in the air before I could open my mouth and his words came tumbling out. "Bella, please hear me out. I need to talk to you, right now. Tanya is only covering for me, pretending to be my girlfriend to keep the fans and the groupies off my case. I promise you, what you saw back there was only an act, nothing more. She and I haven't slept together and we never will. I haven't dated anyone in the past year, and I don't sleep around, no matter what you think of me." My mind was reeling. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My voice sounded cracked as I spoke. "Why are you telling me this, Edward?" He sighed and pulled his hand through his hair, then rubbed his neck. "Can I come in, please Bella?" I gestured to the living room couch and shut the door behind him as he walked in and dropped down on the edge of the couch. He looked so out of place in my apartment, larger than life. I leaned against the wall, my arms crossed protectively across my abdomen. Edward looked up at me, then down at the carpet. "I won't take up too much of your time, Bella, but there are some things you should know." He cleared his voice and braced his hands on his knees. "I knew who you were in high school, because you were beautiful and smart and amazing. I never talked to you because I was a mess back then, smoking, drinking, getting high and ignoring school. You were far out of my league, and I knew it. There were so many times I saw you at our concerts and wanted to talk to you, but you just vanished. I knew you weren't into me like so many other girls were." He closed his eyes for a minute before continuing. "When you came to see Eclipse two years ago, that just blew my mind. You were even more beautiful, and you seemed so driven and put together. I had dropped out of college and was broke, touring all the time with the band, drinking too much, with no place to stay. You were still out of my league. What happened that night … I knew it was wrong of me to take advantage of you like that. It would never have happened if you hadn't been drunk. After you fell asleep, I lay for hours agonizing about it, but I knew we had no future. We were headed in different directions, just as before. There was nothing I could say in my defense, so I just left. It was cowardly, and I'm sorry." I slowly slipped down to sit on the floor with my arms hugging my knees, because this was too much. Edward's eyes were wary, as if he expected me to jump up and slap him or shout at him or maybe faint. "I just wanted to say that it was my idea to hire your firm. I wanted to see you again, to make it up to you. To show you I'm in a better place now." He sighed deeply and turned his head away from me. "But when we met I could see that you knew that I wasn't good for you. Nothing had really changed. You're still out of my league, Bella. So, I'm sorry for trying to blackmail you into hanging out with me through your job. I know it's selfish and lame. But for the record, I want you to know I've always been a little in love with you. You are my compass, Bella. I've always wanted to be better because of you. I've just not been very good at it so far." He stood up, driving his hands deep into his coat pockets. "I'll leave now. I won't bother you again if you don't want to see me. But you know where to find me should you change your mind." He was almost to the door when I found my feet and my voice. "Wait!" Edward turned around in time to catch me as I collided with him. I pressed my face into his coat, hugging him hard, too emotional to speak. His one hand splayed across my back, the other stroked my messy hair. I felt so safe in his hands. "Bella?" His voice was a hoarse whisper. I turned my face up to him, new tears filling my eyes. "Edward, don't you know I've loved you forever? If I'm your compass, then I've been pointing at you all my life. I thought you left because you didn't want me." His lips were soft as he kissed my hair, my cheeks, my eyes. I trembled, igniting at his touch. His voice was strong and sure as he answered, "I'll always want you, Bella. Always." My own voice sounded breathless. "Then stay with me, Edward. Don't leave." I felt more than heard the growl deep in his chest before his hands on me tightened possessively. And then he finally kissed me. My Iron North Her beauty You've got to see it to believe it And yet she hides behind an open door I promised I would never, ever leave her Still I walk away, walk away, walk away Screaming for more Broken You've got to be it to believe it Nobody walks home on shattered bones But when I weep and hold her near me She walks away, walks away, walks away Cause she needs whole The hunger I know that I could never feed her How can I help it, when she feels like home? My heart's a compass that is reeling Back again, back again, back again To my iron north