was a common thing to see a new Mercedes or Porsche in the student lot. The nicest car here was a shiny Volvo, and it stood out. Still, I cut the engine as soon as I was in a spot, so that the thunderous volume wouldn't draw attention to me. I looked at the map in the truck, trying to memorize it now; hopefully I wouldn't have to walk around with it stuck in front of my nose all day. I stuffed everything in my bag, slung the strap over my shoulder, and sucked in a huge breath. I can do this, I lied to myself feebly. No one was going to bite me. I finally exhaled and stepped out of the truck. I kept my face pulled back into my hood as I walked to the sidewalk, crowded with teenagers. My plain black jacket didn't stand out, I noticed with relief. Once I got around the cafeteria, building three was easy to spot. A large black "3" was painted on a white square on the east corner. I felt my breathing gradually creeping toward hyperventilation as I approached the door. I tried holding my breath as I followed two unisex raincoats through the door. The classroom was small. The people in front of me stopped just inside the door to hang up their coats on a long row of hooks. I copied them. They were two girls, one a porcelain-colored blonde, the other also pale, with light brown hair. At least my skin wouldn't be a standout here. I took the slip up to the teacher, a tall, balding man whose desk had a nameplate identifying him as Mr. Mason. He gawked at me when he saw my name - not an encouraging response - and of course I flushed tomato red. But at least he sent me to an empty desk at the back without introducing me to the class. It was harder for my new classmates to stare at me in the back, but somehow, they managed. I kept my eyes down on the reading list the teacher had given me. It was fairly basic: Bronte, Shakespeare, Chaucer, Faulkner. I'd already read everything. That was comforting... and boring. I wondered if my mom would send me my folder of old essays, or if she would think that was cheating. I went through different arguments with her in my head while the teacher droned on. When the bell rang, a nasal buzzing sound, a gangly boy with skin problems and hair black as an oil slick leaned across the aisle to talk to me. "You're Isabella Swan, aren't you?" He looked like the overly helpful, chess club type. "Bella," I corrected. Everyone within a three-seat radius turned to look at me. "Where's your next class?" he asked. I had to check in my bag. "Um, Government, with Jefferson, in building six." There was nowhere to look without meeting curious eyes. "I'm headed toward building four, I could show you the way..." Definitely over-helpful. "I'm Eric," he added. I smiled tentatively. "Thanks." After grabbing our jackets and heading into the rain, we headed towards our next classes. It didn't take long to reach the building of my next class, forcing Eric and I to part ways. The class, along with my next two classes were the same routine, walking up to my teacher, have my teacher sign my slip, find a seat, and then a brave person from one of my classes will go up and offer to lead me to my next class. At the sound of the bell ringing, signaling the end of class, I quickly grabbed my things so I would have time to drop them off at my locker before lunch. Finding my locker was fairly easy because it was in the same building as the lunch room. Walking into the lunch room, I searched quickly for the end of the lunch line. Finding it, I hastily head over and get in line. In all my nervousness of it being my first day, I realize I'm not hungry, so I only get a bottle of apple juice. Suddenly it hits me that I don't have a place to sit. Just as I start to panic, I see one of the girls that helped me find my classes wave me over. Breathing a sigh of relief, I gladly head over there, though being me, I tripped over my own feet, causing me to stumble. My cheeks turn a deep shade of crimson when I here some giggles and whispers of things like, 'Klutz'. Once I sit down, I glance to my left, only to see the most beautiful people I had ever seen in my life. It was hard to say who was the most beautiful, maybe the the tall girl with the long golden hair, or the boy with short, curly blonde hair with light red streaks. "Who are they?" I asked. "The Cullens and the Hales." The girl who waved me over, Jessica, answered already knowing who I was talking about. "Their all together, like together, together. Doctor Cullen adopted them when they were young and that is how each of them met. The girl with the long blonde hair is Rosalie Hale and she is with the the brown haired, muscular one, Emmett Cullen. Alice Hale, the short girl with the black pixie hair , is with Edward Cullen, the bronze haired one." "What about the blonde haired boy?" I asked. "That's Jasper Cullen, and he doesn't date, so don't waste your time." Jessica said almost grudgingly. I fought a laugh and wondered when he turned her down. I glanced over at Jasper and could have sworn I saw a slight smile on his face, but I must have been imagining things. He was on the other side of the room, he couldn't have heard. The rest of the day went by in a flash, and soon I was home making Charlie dinner.