a long while. Her daughter frowned, wondering when thoughtfulness had become an inconvenient trait. () The scent of freshly wet vegetation intensified as the sky breathed down onto the surface of the planet the metallic smell of ozone, heralding the fall of more rain, as if the droplets of water that hung off the pine needles above were trying to welcome their relatives. Sam refrained from inhaling too deeply; his nostrils were inimical to the odor of cheap scented-bleach, and he was too close to its source. The weight of Edward's upper body against his own was unsurprisingly substantial – he was heavier than a human with a similar physique, but the added pounds resided in his diamond-hard skin, which was thinner than it seemed. His brown gaze drifted along the sharp angles made by the vampire's leg, and he winced inwardly. The firm posture couldn't be lost in front of him . Jacob. He wanted him to stay, but the reason for giving him such an order was still unknown. His thoughts were scattered over a path that led to nowhere. He looked down at the face of the mind-reader, and his throat tightened around the unfamiliarity of the image. The red locks straying from the white forehead, more disheveled than normal. The parted lips and the relaxed eyebrows. Weren't it for the stillness of his chest, he'd look like he was sleeping. Vaguely, Sam associated the tightness of his throat with the fact that he'd never seen a dead vampire. One that wasn't torn to pieces, that is. It followed that he was probably in deep shit. He heard his pack mates running towards the area nearer the beach from a far distance. "Call Carlisle Cullen," he said in a low voice. "Why?" Jacob's tone was defiant, and Sam uncovered the x in the equation, the reason why he'd ordered him to stay. The hand holding Edward's side curled into a fist. "Jacob," he said more loudly. "Do as I say." "Sam, he broke the treaty!" "When you become the Alpha you can make your own decisions. But I am the Alpha here, and when I give someone permission to step onto our lands, it is implied that none of you will attack that person. Do you understand?" His voice was strong and unyielding, underlining his position in the pack. He sounded as if he were quoting a law written in stone. The anger, the indignity, the danger that Jacob's mistake could bring… He wasn't supposed to disrespect his orders to begin with, but the possible consequences of what he'd done stirred one of Sam's most recent fears. The pack's volatility wasn't easy to control, and lately it seemed to him as if they were even more agitated than usual. They all spoke of a great threat, of monsters, when it came to the Cullens, and at the same time they trusted them to accept something like this – Sam eyed the broken leg, twisted in a dreadful manner –, as if their harmlessness swam at the bottom of a well of patience. Even Sam struggled to understand his pack's logic. Right now he had a defenseless vampire in his arms – he could do whatever the hell he wanted to him, and tearing him limb from limb seemed at the same time like the rightest and most wrong thing to do. "You know what? Go," he commanded. Jacob had been struck dumb by his outburst, but the snarky reply was probably waiting to roll off the tip of his tongue, and Sam felt it saturating the air as much as the smell before rain did. The irritating itch under his skin grew more difficult to ignore in tempo with the densification of the mantle of clouds above their heads. Sam thought that if he had to be in Jacob's presence a moment longer he'd burst out of his skin. He couldn't do it now, not when he still had the broken body of a Cullen against his heaving chest. Not while he was still undecided about what to do with it. "What are you gonna do?" "Last time I checked you didn't care," he snapped. "Now go!" Jacob shrugged his broad shoulders and took off his cutoffs once again, before morphing into wolf form and sprinting away. Sam regretted his decision momentarily: Jacob should've been the one to call the blonde doctor; he should've been the one to take Edward Cullen home, to clean up the mess he'd made. He should've been the one in his place, staring hopelessly around, trying to decide what to do, considering the pros and the cons and the future of a pack that was so out of order that even their leader felt lost. But he'd said it himself – he was the Alpha. He was the leader. The role of a leader was to make decisions, and the role of one who was not a leader was to complain. He looked back to the boy in his arms. A boy – Sam didn't think he could be older than many of his pack mates in physical years. Edward Cullen was not the leader of their coven, but he, too, made decisions, or at least suggestions, and Sam thought that that was what gave consistency to the coven. He was an interpreter, a spokesperson, a radar. And now the radar was broken. Sam couldn't yet come up with a way to explain how that had happened to the vampire's family. He slipped his other arm under the vampire's knees, cringing freely when his skin came in contact with the ripped fabric of his jeans, and stood up carefully so as not to jostle the slender body. Edward's arm went back and forth like a pendulum as he walked towards the intangible border. A thunderclap interrupted his train of thought, meeting the expectation that had been present in Sam's subconscious, and the rain began to pour, wetting them from head to toe.