Texas." ' They came all the way out here to hunt? Better game, I'm guessing?' I titled my head, "Texas? What part? My step-brother's from there. Houston." I found it odd that neither she nor her parents had any form of southern accent to speak of, unlike Jasper. I suspected they had actually moved to that state from somewhere else. "San Antonio," she responded with a continued openness. There was absolutely no hesitance in her demeanor. Then, she surprised me again by offering her hand, a friendly enough gesture but one I was entirely unaccustomed to receive from anyone. What was I suppose to do in this situation? To refuse might come across as…odd. And rude. "I'm Vitalia," she said, "You forgot to ask." Slowly and carefully, I removed my hand from my pocket and accepted hers, though noted the expected look of astonishment that came across her face in reaction to the stark coldness. "On the contrary, you immediately proceeded to ask me a question after I had revealed mine." "Damn," she stated as she withdrew her hold, "your hand is freezing!" ' That's kind of…' her thoughts immediately, almost forcibly halted and she observed my eyes closely, narrowing hers in an appraising way. It caught me off guard. What did that look of hers mean? Her thoughts had suddenly become so guarded. But then she exhaled and I saw the briefest of shrugs before her thoughts continued. 'Eh, I'm just being paranoid.' I didn't know what to make of the things she was thinking. Did she suspect that something was… off about me? There still wasn't any fear though. And the way she had looked into my eyes…it was as if she had merely been confirming something. ' Who are these people?' I wondered to myself. Within such a short time, their mystery had intensified. ' Who is this guy?' She was also musing. 'He's really weird but…there's something else. I don't know what it is. What an interesting first impression.' "Well it was nice to have met you as well, Vitalia," I said finally, ignoring her outburst. "First impressions are always surprising," she stated aloud. I nodded, "they certainly are." Another moment passed in which I appraised her more closely, that liveliness in her eyes more fully capturing my attention. I was reminded of that painting in the antique store, how tangible and riveting it was. She was an individual who thrived in all that life had to offer, it was so brazenly apparent. ' His eyes are so attentive, like they can see right through me,' she was thinking in unison, observing me as I observed her. ' But I can see him too. He's a conflicted person. There's something…dangerous about him. Yeah, but also not, like he's actually…good. Kind of like daddy in that way, I guess. Knowing him would be such an adventure, I can tell.' She had lost me on that last part, but I found it almost amazing that she was able to see so much in me. It was a little unnerving. I even felt a little…exposed. Her thoughts were so straightforward and honest and yet, despite being privy to them, there was a great deal more that I didn't understand. ' An adventure?' I thought to myself absently, my mind transported briefly to one of the hazy images of my past. I saw myself, lying in bed and flipping through the pages of the novel that had impacted my young life more than any other. It was strange that my mind had conjured that scene within such a moment. Peter Pan, the boy who had never grown up. Even now, I appreciated the value within the compelling plot. The moral at the heart of it all. We're all supposed to move forward, we're supposed to grow into adults and live . We're also supposed to die . It's the way things should have always been. But this spirited little girl was entirely wrong. Knowing me wouldn't be an adventure at all. It'd be a tragedy. I was reminded of what I was going to have to do at the end of the summer. The goodbye I would have to say to Bella. My eyes lowered. ' He looks so sad all of the sudden…' And they returned to hers in concealed astonishment. She was still observing me and offered a consolatory smile. "Are you regretting your stalkerly ways?" I couldn't contain the smile that was prompted in response. It was such an absurd thing to hear amidst my reverie. "I suppose so." ' Where'd Vi go?' I heard her mother silently wonder before I saw she and the girl's father round the corner and approach us. They both looked to me curiously and I decided it was time to excuse myself. I nodded my head slightly to Vitalia, catching her gaze a final time, before turning and making my way to the front of the store, where I offered Bella a small, appeasing smile when she furrowed her brows. Exiting the establishment, I listened to the parting thoughts and comments of the strange, Texan family. "Who was that?" the man asked. 'Looked harmless enough.' "Did you know him, daughter?" The mother asked and I found it curious that she chose to refer to her in that way. Must've been some inside joke between them. 'He had such a nice face.' "No, I've never seen him before. Probably won't again either," the girl replied to them both. 'Which is too bad. I liked talking to him. It was fun.' I shook my head as I climbed into my car and waited for the next few minutes to pass. They were so crazy! Nice, harmless, fun to talk to? They had no idea what they were talking about. And yet…that girl had seen right through me with those eyes of hers, which were so filled with something mine would never again possess. It had been such a weird sensation. To be continued…