you'll be able to start your clinic. And sure, there'll still be nights you get called into the hospital at some ungodly hour, but you'll be able to limit how many patients you take on. You'll have more control." "But it's four more years." "Only four," I say. "I remember when it was eight or nine. You're on the downhill run." "I guess." Her eyes are still red and her cheeks are splotchy, but she seems a lot calmer now. "And Bella… I know you're not going to hurt yourself. But I think talking to someone might be a good idea. I wouldn't be surprised if you were dealing with some kind of stress-related depression." It's telling that she doesn't argue. "Can I…?" I tug the sheet and she nods. She scoots over to make room for me. I grab the remote for our little window-mounted air-conditioning unit and switch it on before I climb into bed with her. We lie face to face, our fingers still tangled. "I love you," I say. Finally, I get a small smile out of her. "I love you, too." "And you know what?" "What?" "There's a silver lining to this." She looks sceptical. "There is?" "You just scored two weeks off." She rolls her eyes at me. "Two weeks of stress leave." "It's still two weeks. At home. With me." Another smile. A slightly wider one. "That's true." Silence falls over us like a blanket, and I'm pretty close to falling asleep when Bella says, "Edward? Will you make love to me?" Like I'm going to say no. I do check, though. "Are you sure?" She nods. "I need– I want to be close to you. It's been so long." As eager as I am to comply with my wife's wishes, there's something sort of paralysing about being told, "sex me up, now." I stroke her cheek and kiss her nose, but I'm suddenly really self-conscious about how to get started. Bella must sense my hesitation, because she chews on her lip as she watches me, then says, "It's okay if you don't want to." "I want to." I feel her hand move down my stomach until she finds the evidence supporting my claim. "It's just…" I feel like an idiot admitting it. "I just don't know where to start." "It's not that hard." She smirks. "Well, it is. Maybe I should say, 'it's not that difficult.' It's just Tab A–" She gives a gentle squeeze that makes me grunt "–into Slot B." I grab her wrist, because if she keeps doing that, Tab A isn't going to make it anywhere near Slot B. "Do you remember the first time we did this?" she asks. "You know I do." "That's true," she says. "You've certainly remembered your lessons." The first time Bella and I had sex, she gave me a very detailed anatomy lesson. You wouldn't think it would be especially sexy, me with my face between her thighs as she tossed out words like "vulva," "labia minora," "Skene ducts," and "Bartholin's glands." But in reality, her understanding of her own body, the way she knew what she needed and wasn't afraid to ask for it, proved an enormous turn-on. And the sounds she made as I learnt how to use just the right amount of pressure, or find exactly the right spot at exactly the right angle, were incredibly gratifying. For both of us, I gathered. "It has been a while," I say. "I might've forgotten some things." "I'm sorry," she says, and the way her lips curve down makes my heart squeeze painfully. "Don't. It's okay." I put my finger to her lips and she sucks it into her mouth, which apparently gives her an idea, because she pushes me onto my back and disappears beneath the sheets. That breaks the ice pretty effectively, and after that, it's not at all difficult to completely lose myself in my wife's body, in trying to coax as much pleasure from all those parts of her anatomy that contribute to the miracle that is her orgasm. Bella would say there's nothing miraculous about it, that it's just a normal, biological process, but she hasn't seen herself come. I'm almost asleep, again, when Bella sits up, the sheet clutched to her chest. Her skin is flushed, her hair even wilder than usual. "Where're you going?" I complain. "Just wait." She rummages in the drawer of her bedside table, finally producing a small gift bag. She puts it on the pillow beside me. "Happy anniversary," she says. I sit up and shove a pillow behind my back. I pull a similar-looking bag from my drawer and pass it to her. "Happy anniversary." She looks between the two bags and she laughs. "No way." "Well, it is our third anniversary," I say. "Which calls for leather gifts." "Right." Unbelievably, we've even picked out the same design. Bella fastens mine and I return the favour, and when our matching leather cuff watches are in place, I grab the edge of the sheet and pull it over our heads. Bella smiles up at me. She still looks tired, but the worry has evaporated from her expression. "I think we should stay here," I say. "For the next two weeks." "It's Christmas in a few days," Bella says. I trail kisses down her throat and across her chest. When my lips find her nipple she makes this cute little squeak. She's all breathy as she says, "You know what? Screw Christmas." I grin against her stomach as she threads her fingers through my hair. She gives me a little push and I take the hint, moving lower and lower, teasing her with my lips and tongue until she's begging, "Edward, please." "Shhh," I say, even though I don't really mean for her to be quiet because I love the noises she makes when I do this. "I think I need to do some more revision." Thanks for reading! Shell x