on Staten Island. So it took a bit to get there. The duration of the drive was spent with Jazz and Em arguing over who would get to play music. Each time one song played, who ever didn't pick the song would reach to grab for the phone to try and pick the next song. You'd think we were in high school Pulling up to the driveway I looked at the guards standing outside the gate. I huffed in annoyance as they took their sweet time opening the gate for us. When there was the slightest bit of an opening big enough, I gunned it though and bypassed the garage and went straight to the circular driveway that was in front of the big oak doors. When we were all inside, we stopped in the kitchen to say hi to mother but she wasn't there. Taking the stairs two at a time, we went up to the second floor where my fathers office was. Not bothering to knock, we walked in one by one and found my father sitting behind his desk with the phone pressed up to his ear. "I don't give a rats ass. You get him out on bail and you get it done know. Call the fucking mayor for all I care. I donate a lot of money and I pay you twice as much. Fix this!" He slammed the phone down and rubbed his temples before looking up at us. Anger apparent in his eyes. "Good. You're all here. Take a seat." We all sat down, almost in sync. Waiting for dad to speak we sat in an almost stale silence. He broke the silence while leaning back in his leather chair. "Sam has been arrested." Resisting the urge to look over at my brothers in shock, I kept my focus on dad. Sam was in the inner circle. Guys as high as him don't get arrested. We had lower guys to take the fall for us. Biting on my lower lip, Em was the first to speak up and ask what the charges were. He sighed. "This is the tricky part. They're substantial charges. He's being charged with two felonies and two misdemeanors. Criminal possession of a controlled substance in the first degree, criminal sale of a controlled substance in the first degree, both A-1 Felonies. Conspiracy in the fifth degree and criminal sale of marajuana in the fourth degree, both is talk, that they are trying to keep him there on those charges, so that they can tack on a murder charge" I stood so fast the chair almost knocked over, and started pacing. "How the hell did this happen?" "I don't know. I'm trying to get him in front of a judge, we need to get him out on bail. The sentence on them each, would add up. Not even taking the possible murder charge into account." I looked over, getting more enraged by the second. An attack on someone on the circle was a direct attack on us. "Well what the fuck are we paying that stupid firm for, they should be on this!" He glared at me for my tone. "Don't yell at me boy. I am handling this. But I am going to need all three of you to co-operate. When the firm asks questions, you especially Edward, need to be ready to help. You and Sam work together a lot and I have that trip to Italy in a couple days." I nodded. I looked over at my brothers and noticed Emmett's slightly annoyed face. We had a little bit of a competition between us right now. Emmett was oldest, so that meant he should be first in the line of succession, but there were a lot of nods towards me in the underworld that was organized crime. Emmett was more of the muscle. Don't get me wrong, he was extremely smart but he wasn't as sharp as I was. I was completely identical to my father at his age. Him and I butted heads the most, but we were always on the same page about things. From our legit businesses to our not so socially acceptable activities. I understood the way of the life a bit better. I was fourteen when I saw my first murder while Em was 15. I had my first kill by seventeen and Em couldn't stomach his till he was close to twenty. While most would look at our appearances and assume that Em was the one who would be more likely to get down and dirty, the truth was, it was I. I understood the hustle. The grind. But any person of the Cullen family was like that. We gorged ourselves on the finest things in life but we worked hard, albeit not always in the most legal professions. We lived for money and lusted for power. If one couldn't understand that, then there wasn't a place for them here. Tuning out the chatter behind me, I faced the window and looked out at the expansive land behind the house. Everything we worked for, didn't matter if we didn't protect it. I noticed the storm clouds moving in and couldn't help but think of the irony. There was no doubt about it. A shit storm was rolling in, and we had better buckle down the hatches. Thinking about the game of cat and mouse our family played with the law, I smirked. We were Cullens. We didn't lose. Our family history was proof of that. Let the games begin. A short little intro. I have big plans for this story, but I wanted to throw out a tester and see what the response would be. Next chapter would be Bella. She is a bit more outgoing and sassy. Living in NYC and working at a Law firm will do that to you. Drop some reviews and I will update if that is the desire of the readers. Happy Reading. Happy Reviewing.