was clumsy, like Mom." Edward chuckled and wrapped his arms around his daughter and whispered "I can't believe I'm actually doing this. I never thought I'd get to hold you guys. Look at you both, you're so beautiful." He released his daughter and pulled me towards him. "I've missed you all so much, but Carlisle said it was for the best." I smiled and kissed him again, but before it could deepen, a loud cough sounded behind us. "Um, could someone explain?" The bear like man asked. Edward smiled my crooked smile and said "Everyone, I'd like you to meet my family, my wife, Bella and my twins, Xander and Lizzie. Love, Xander, Lizzie, these are my adoptive siblings, Emmett and Rosalie, and Alice and Jasper. Bella knows Carlisle as well." He added, talking to his siblings. "Can we see him? I've missed him so much, and I want to see how he and Esme get on." "Of course, love." He chuckled and I was so happy I almost began bouncing on the spot. "But, who's Esme?" He asked. "She's my creator. I was...um...well, something happened and she saved me, then we grabbed the kids and left. I was changed a couple of months after my sixteenth birthday." Edward frowned, but I kissed him, too happy that he was holding me in his arms after so long. "Edward, call Carlisle, please. Don't tell him it's me, just say the new coven want to meet him, then we can go pick up Esme and go to your house." "We'll take the Volvo, you can ride with your family." Alice said. Edward smiled gratefully and we ran back to our cars. I gave Lizzie the keys and climbed into the back with Edward. Xander went shotgun. "Hello, Carlisle, you need to get home quickly." 'What's happened?' He asked. "Oh, nothing much, but the new coven here want to talk to you." 'I'll be right there.' Carlisle said before hanging up. We picked up Esme and I introduced her to my beloved. She was beaming her joy alongside me for the entire journey. When we arrived, I asked everyone to wait in the car as I surprised Carlisle. Esme looked worried, but Edward and the twins grinned. I walked straight in without knocking, and, knowing Carlisle would be in the lounge, I ran in and jumped on him squealing "Dad! I've missed you so much!" He froze momentarily before pulling me away and saying "Bella? Oh, god, Bella!" He pulled me back into a hug and said "I've missed you too. I assume you've seen Edward? I'm so sorry I kept him from you when you were human, but I couldn't risk you or your children, nor Edward's peace of heart. Speaking of Edward, where is he?" "With your grandchildren." I said with a smirk. "They're alive too! Wow! Thank goodness. I've missed you all so much. Edward and I hated leaving, and then we found out you were all missing, presumed dead, and... but you're not! You're here. You'll of course tell us how." I grinned and called out mentally for the twins to come in by themselves. The walked in and Carlisle immediately swept them both into a hug, laughing "I helped deliver the two of you. You were both tiny. Now look at you. You've grown so much." "Hi, Grampy!" Lizzie exclaimed excitedly. "Mom's told us loads about you, like how you helped her until we were about seven months, and how you were amazing at your job, and how you loved us like you're own, and we grew up hearing about our three amazing grandpas. I'm so glad we found you. Mom's been searching for years!" I smiled and rolled my eyes as Carlisle laughed. Xander grinned and said "We've missed you, Grampy. And we want to introduce you to Granny. Mom thinks you'll love her!" That was when Esme walked in and they both froze. "C...Carlisle?" Esme said. "I...I didn't know she meant y...you when she talked about you." "Little Esme!" Carlisle said "I fixed your broken arm when you were thirteen." Esme looked down shyly and nodded, causing me to whisper "Huh, small world." Before looking between them and saying loudly. "Well, I have some catching up to do with my husband, and I believe his new brothers and sisters wish to get to know the kids more so we'll leave the two of you to...talk." Alice and Rosalie floated downstairs and grabbed Lizzie, who beamed and skipped away behind them. Jasper and Emmett then grabbed Xander and pulled him upstairs. Edward appeared beside me and lifted me bridal style, carrying me to his room where we talked through the night. Over time, our two covens became one. Carlisle and Esme married, Edward and I remarried and the twins took to their new aunts and uncles like fish to water. After twenty years as a Cullen, Xander found his mate, a girl called Antonia. She had long black hair, and was a vegetarian, also. She was called Toni for short, and they married and lived with us. Seven years after Toni joined us, Lizzie met her mate. He was a human, called Theodore. He had short, curly black hair and was nicknamed Teddy, and after four years together, on Teddy's twentieth birthday, Carlisle changed him, and he became a full member of our family. Whenever we start schools, we say that Emmett, Lizzie and I are siblings (Lizzie and I pose as twins as we look almost identical), Alice, Toni and Teddy are also siblings. Jazz and Rose remain 'twins' and Edward and Xander are 'twins' too. The humans assume that Carlisle and Esme are mad, but very generous, adopting four sets of 'troubled, teenage orphan siblings', and we all let them think that. My life had never felt as complete as when I watched my beloved Edward walk down the aisle with our daughter on his arm, glowing as I did on my previous wedding days.