around the room and the guard relaxed slightly in the face of Bella's show of deference. "I live in the shadow of the Olympic mountains in Washington State, home to both the Olympic Coven, two members of said coven are here before you now and the Quileute Tribe, indigenous to that area, they are also known as the protectors, humans who can shapeshift to protect the tribe and peoples of the area" Bella's voice was clear and confident as she explained this to the kings. Caius hissed about damned shape-shifters. "Well, when my friend Jacob Black phased and took his rightful place as future Chief and current alpha to the pack, he suggested I talk to their Shaman as I was showing some signs of a gift. Other tribes were also asked for their permission, this lead to me being able to control and project my shield and it turned out that a long time ago the Swans married into one of the other tribes, so this made me a special case. It also means I'm under the protection of the wolves." Bella finished off. During her speech, Edward kept growling at the mention of the pack and Jake in particular. The kings huddled together to discuss what they had learned and Bella turned to Felix once again and said "God I never realised how immature and irritating he was or how rude, constantly interrupting his betters when their talking" the whole guard sniggered at Edward's expense. He was totally devastated that she thought so little of him now. "Friends, we have made a couple of decisions and the first is, Edward you may return home to Carlisle, your sire, but know this your punishment will be to reframe henceforth from interacting with humans until you learn some self-restraint, there will be no more of this childish nonsense of attending school. You will have to undergo some serious retraining and return here to prove to us you are once again safe to be allowed out in public." Aro decreed, Edward growled at this and Bella motioned to Felix to slap him across the back of his head. Everyone burst out laughing and even the kings had difficulty keeping a straight face. Edward was dragged forcibly from the room. "Alice my dear, I would extend you a place on the guard, but I know you will refuse me. So you too are free to go also and please give our regards to your mate 'The Major', he has been a good friend and ally to the Volturi over the years" he commented and a ripple of sound went round the room, as everyone who wasn't aware previously realised just who her mate was. Alice inclined her head and thanked them, saying she would stay to await the outcome for Bella. "Lastly Bella my young friend, might we ask what your plans for the future are? Have you ever considered becoming a vampire? Would you be interested in joining the Volturi?" he asked her. Bella looked around her and took a large breath of air. " Masters, I have been giving it a lot of thought over the last few months and I actually feel as if I was born to be a vampire. I would indeed be delighted to join your guard, maybe not forever but for some substantial length of time to learn from you and help me become a respected vampire, not a parody of one like Edward, Bella informed them. "Lastly, I wish to ask your indulgence in the timing of this event, my father is a Police Chief and would not stop looking for me if I just disappeared, he also would involve the F.B.I in the matter. The Cullens to would eventually be dragged into the search and maybe too closely looked at." she paused there to let it sink in and then continued with. "So my suggestion is that I finish high school, which is only for three more months and I could then win a prestigious scholarship to a foreign college here in Italy, sponsored by a family friend Dr Carlisle Cullen. Maybe under the care of a Professor Marcus Volturi, a close friend of the doctor, studying 'Renaissance Literature'. Something along those lines and then I could slowly extricate myself from his life and no harm done. But obviously the wolves would be advised of my change and no more need of their protection" she proffered for them to decide. "You really have been thinking about this seriously, my dear," said Marcus and he nodded saying "This would be good a clever idea". Bella turned to Alice, lifted her shield and asked how did the future look and Alice smiled and said "Perfect, Bella just perfect". And so it finally came to be, Bella now entered a new phase in her life, family and friends were thrilled for her and although sad she would be so far away, no one begrudged her the chance. The tribes accepted her choice and hoped she would help to bridge the gap between the species. The Volturi were happy to find that once changed, Bella was an extremely controlled vampire with little bloodlust. She decided to feed on animals, mainly for the thrill of the chase and the gold eyes were more human-like. She was aware of the pull she felt for Felix but was not rushing into anything this time. The guard took to her easily and laughter became the norm around the castle, due to her antics and her wit. To everyone's amazement even Jane liked her and they spent a lot of time together. Felix looked upon her with more and more affection and occasionally he saw her watching him too. With a smile and a nod from Marcus, Felix was happy to bid his time and wait for Bella to return his feelings fully. After all, he had all the time in the world. Disclaimer: Twilight and it's characters belong to S. Meyer