I watched the clock after talking to Charlie. He was a little surprised to see me home early. He was trying to usher me to bed, to rest. I must have looked a little off colour. "I just want to wait for Jake to call, he said he would." Charlie nodded as I drummed my nails on the counter. Eight minutes, fifteen minutes, twenty-one minutes. I couldn't wait any longer. Panic stricken, I grabbed for the phone and dialed the all too familiar number. Billy answered on the eighth ring, breathless. I had been just about to hang up. "Hello?" "Billy, it's me, Bella. Did Jake get home yet? He said he wasn't feeling too great when he left here." "He's here," Billy said tonelessly. "Oh." Worry dampened my irritation at him for not calling. "He was too sick to call, he's not feeling well right now." Billy sounded distant. I realised he must want to be with Jacob. "Please, let me know if you need any help with anything." I offered. "I could come down, no problem." "No, no." Billy said quickly. "We're fine. Stay at your place." The way he said it told me that he really didn't want me around. It hurt. Maybe Jake had told him what had happened between us and he was looking out for his son. "Okay," I agreed. "Bye, Bella." The line disconnected. At least he had made it home, though I didn't feel any better for knowing that. I trudged up the stairs thinking about ways I could help out. Jacob's voice in my mind saying, I never get sick - ever, was weighing heavily on my mind. All bets were off though, when a couple of hours later I found myself burying my face into the toilet bowl. Charlie tapped on the door and asked, "Is there anything you need?" Shaking my head first I rested my forehead on the seat before calling out, "No." my voice broken by another wave of vomit forcing itself from my body. "Stomach flu," he finally said. "Yes," I moaned, "Call the Newtons for me, please?" I asked hoarsely. "Sure, no problem, Bells." I spent the rest of the day on the bathroom floor, I vaguely remembered taking myself back to bed at one point only having to return moments later. It was dark when I woke, hearing Charlie's heavy foot fall on the stairs. He came into my room and set a glass of water on the table beside my bed. "Still alive?" "Sort of," I mumbled. My lips were dry and cracked, but the effort required to sit and take a drink outweighed the need for hydration at the moment. "Can I get you something? Toast? Maybe some eggs?" He asked hesitantly. "Urgh." Burying my head, face down into my pillow, I willed his words - the idea of food - from my mind completely. "How is Jacob? Do they need anything?" I asked into my pillow. Charlie's voice cracked like he was a little shocked by my concern. "Billy said he is resting. You know Jake, he sleeps like the dead when he wants to. They'll be fine." I nodded, hoping he was right but not truly well enough to move so I could look at him. The floorboards creaked. "Karen said Mike's up and about now, so that's good. You have about six hours left, Bellschika." I didn't wake again until morning. Astounded how well I felt, my stomach growled with excessive hunger. Those eggs and toast offered the previous day sounded like a plan. Nervously I sat up and took a drink of the water Charlie had left. My tummy gurgled, longing for something more substantial. Feeling well enough to move, I pulled on my joggers and socks from the side of my bed and wrapped myself in my duvet before trudging down stairs still wearing the vest I'd pulled on the day before. I was cold again. I grabbed the phone and dialed the Black's as I filled the kettle. Jacob was the one who answered, but when I heard his greeting I knew he wasn't over it yet. "Hello?" His voice was broken, cracking. "Oh, Jake. You sound horrible." I said sympathetically. "I feel horrible." His voice sounded different over the phone now. "I am so sorry I made you go out with me. This sucks." "No, I'm glad I went." His voice was just a whisper. "Don't blame yourself, this isn't your fault." "You'll get better soon," I promised. "I've just woken up fine, maybe you just need to sleep some more. Are you resting?" "You were sick?" He asked. "I was, I'm all better now." I told him cheerily. "That's good." His voice was dead, almost like he didn't want to talk to me. "I don't think I have the same thing you did." I could hardly hear him speak. "You don't have the stomach flu?" I asked, confused. "No. This is something else." "What's wrong with you?" "Everything hurts." I could hear his pain. "Maybe you better get back to bed. I'll bring you something." The urge to help him was almost overwhelming. I needed to get to him. "I've already been exposed to whatever it is that you have, let me help." I reasoned. Let me look after you the way you have me, I wished silently. I heard Billy call for him somewhere in the background. "I have to go Bella. Don't visit. You can't come here." His tone caused the air to leave my lungs in a rush, I didn't have a chance to say anything before the line disconnected, and even if I had been able to think of something, I couldn't have voiced it. There was a distinct finality in his tone that had the fissures of my heart split open. After I forced down breakfast, I reminded myself that Jake was just sick and simply didn't want me fussing over him. That had to be all it was.