just…sit." He sat back down. "Now just…start from the beginning." I said, frowning. "Ok…" he was quiet for a moment, probably trying to figure out where the best place to start would be. "I…I'll admit Seth, when I first met you I felt…nothing, at least, not the way you felt, the way you showed me last night when you shifted." I frowned but he quickly added. "But that doesn't mean I didn't feel…anything! I still thought of you as a possible best friend and that's what you became, like I knew you would. Anyway the years have passed and I've just been sort of figuring myself out…and I realize now I am a completely oblivious dumbass for not seeing how you've felt for me all these years…because gods know you are usually pretty bad at hiding your emotions." I frowned and he quickly cursed himself. "Sorry, that came out wrong…anyway. I've always…always been told all my life that I need to marry my imprint, start a family with her and have kids of my own then retire from the whole werewolf thing, be happy and all of that…and lately I had been thinking that must be Leah." I couldn't hide the hurt from my eyes, he noticed but continued. "Look…ever since I met you I've…had this…tug in my chest. Forever I've always felt like my heart was tugging towards your family, like no matter where I go I'll always end back up with the Clearwater's." He took a breath and continued. "For all intents and purposes I'm straight, I like breasts, I like girls, so that tug…I always figured it was my heart telling me that Leah was the one, so that's why I was always going after her…but…when I was with her, whether we were holding hands or watching some scary movie and she was curled up next to me…it never quite eased the tugging in my chest, it never felt right. For the past couple years I've been trying to figure out my feelings and like an idiot I never got what was so obvious…I was being tugged towards you, not your sister. I don't know…I guess because I've never felt that towards another guy, hell there was even a period when I was young and stupid that I thought lesbians and gays were gross, that it never occurred to be that my imprint was staring me right in the face." I held my breath, waiting for the punch line or the cruel 'just kidding!' but it never came, he continued. "But last night…last night did it for me. I thought last night I was going to go to the party and try to get Leah back…but after that talk with you, after going to talk to Leah…I just didn't feel right, the whole situation felt…wrong. But when Leah told me all of that stuff, about you 'coming out' and you professing your love for me…it was like something clicked in my head, like suddenly it all made since, you started shifting but when I turned to look at you…it just felt so obvious. It was like time slowed to give me time to see it, I looked at you and it was just like… 'Oh, that's right…you're supposed to be with me for the rest of my life.'" "By the time I was out of my imprinting haze you had already shifted and left, and I tried to run after you with everyone else…but you had just shifted and you weren't in a pack yet, so everyone could hear you and you…sorta let everyone see and feel everything. Sam had all the younger ones in his pack shift back so they didn't have to handle it…Leah tried but she had to shift back, it was just Sam and I but even he couldn't handle it…it was just me. I…I stayed quiet because I wanted to see and feel everything. I needed to know your pain, I…I can't ever forgive myself for putting you through all of this. After you shifted back I…I scrambled trying to figure out what to do. I told Leah you were with the Cullen's and she called to make sure you were ok…I wanted to see you but they told me you were sleeping and I…I knew you needed to sleep. I…I've been up since last night, I couldn't sleep, I spent all night and most of this morning trying to figure out what to tell you…I called a little before you woke up to see if there was anything I could do…Alice suggested flowers so I got you your favorites…and here we are." He said. That explained the bags under his eyes…he looked so tired, so sad…he felt bad, he truly did and I knew he wanted my forgiveness but he…he couldn't get himself to ask for it. "You…you imprinted on me?" I said, blushing. He smiled tiredly. "I've always been in love with you…I just didn't realize it yet." "And…I wouldn't call it imprinting, it's…it's more than that, stronger." I didn't know what to say, I truly didn't. "You…should get some sleep." I said, he smiled. "And you should eat something…I can hear your stomach from here." "Esme was making something to eat I think, we can eat here if ya want." "I already ate…I'll just watch you." I laughed, finally a genuine laugh! "Ok, that's not creepy or anything." I said. He laughed as we walked inside, the tension was gone and it felt like we could be happy together again, like before only this time…I could be truly happy too. This all isn't perfect, there is still a lot of work to do…I know he doesn't know what he's doing, and damn I know I don't know what to do either…but I know we can figure it out, I know he loves me as much as I love him now. We're just boys but….its summer time, we've got the time to figure it out. Look forward to Part II!