as a surgeon in her field, she had had flashing lights such as the firefighters use installed in the Durango so that she could get to the hospital faster in those events. The one time she was pulled over, she explained to the officer why she was speeding with flashers on, and managed a police escort as well. They were the last to arrive at the secluded section of beach that the Cullens owned. Carlisle had bought the beach-front property years before, and the only improvements he had made were a small building with running a counter for filleting fish, a small bathroom for dressing and showering, and he built a small playground for his children, and a pavilion nestled into the trees for shade—perfect for eating away from the sand and sun. Bella had enjoyed the seclusion of the beach there this summer, since she was so self-conscious. It made it possible for her to wear a swimsuit without the obsessive need to cover it with an oversized tee. Today, however, she was beginning to feel sick at the thought of stripping off her outer layer in view of the men-folk. Specifically Edward. Nathan, Aaron, and Anastasia all ran straight for "Auntie Bella" as soon as she arrived. The children adored her, and she loved them in return. She had doted on them from the first outing, taking them to the Dairy-Freeze after an afternoon of swimming. As she learned their personalities, she had started bringing them a small gift each time she saw them. She always brought "Annie" hair bows, or clothes for her baby dolls. She brought books for Aaron, or historical documentaries of the Civil War as his father's love of the period had rubbed off onto his son. For Nathan, it was always sports related. A new basketball, an aluminum bat, a baseball cap… today she brought with her a special treat for each. For Annie, Bella bought a Clinique make up starter-kit, to Annie and Alice's delight, and Jasper's dismay. For Aaron, she bought a Civil War drummer-boy uniform, knowing that next year, Jasper had plans for the whole family to go to Gettysburg for a reenactment on the Fourth of July. For Nathan, she had a signed Jersey by Matthew Stafford himself. She had treated his mother over the summer, giving her a new lease on life, and Matthew offered to do something special for her. This was her request. All of the guys went nuts for the gift, and Bella became the hero of the day. Dinner consisted of sides and desserts prepared by the women—and of course Edward made candies—and the meat that the men grilled. Hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken and steak… there was so much food, they could have fed an army, and that was just the meat. The sides included Esme's potato salad, Rosalie's grape salad, Alice brought pasta salad, garden salad, and what she referred to as "Lawnmower Mulch." It looked weird, but it was fantastic. Edward noticed after lunch that Bella had yet to shuck her outerwear and get into the water. Bella noticed immediately when Edward had, drinking in the sight of his toned abs, and back muscles, the manly thatch of hair that grew on his body, and the sexy as all get-out tattoo on his left shoulder. It was his family crest, and it was not just on his left shoulder. All of three Cullen men had one. Jasper and Carlisle sported theirs as proudly as Edward. Bella was surprised to see one on Emmett's back, as he was a McCarty, and only a part of the family through marriage. That day she learned about how large a role Carlisle had played in his upbringing, because his father went to prison when Em was only nine years old. All of the Cullen men were easy on the eyes, and the women just sat back and enjoyed the view as they played Frisbee, and played in the water with the children. It was Esme that broke the silent ogle-fest that was taking place. "Bella, how long have you lived in the area, anyhow? You rarely talk about it." "I spent all of my summers with my Uncle Charlie growing up." Bella closed her eyes and tried to remain light and focus on the happy memories of her childhood, and not sink into the sad pit of emptiness that her home-life had become. "I moved here after I finished my surgical fellowship, almost four years ago." "And you went to University of Arizona?" "Yes, for my undergraduate degree, and my doctorate. Then I went to Stanford because they had the best Cardiothoracic fellowship program, and then I went back to UofA for a year a year to work alongside my mentor there. He wanted to see how far I had come, plus he was working on a brand new technique that he wanted to share with me." "Sounds like you leave a fond impression everywhere you go." Esme smiled at Bella and touched her arm softly. "I guess." Bella shrugged, she felt rather indifferent to the statement. She had been friendly with her mentors and professors in college, and even a few of her colleagues, but had not formed any lasting attachments. Until this summer, her last remaining connection in this world died three years ago, and she was all alone. She had been looking forward to spending her first Holidays with family—since she was seventeen—when Charlie died. Throughout college, her intern and fellowships, she volunteered to work on the holidays - allowing those with families time off. She didn't have anyone waiting at home for her. She hadn't even bothered to decorate in over a decade. No, Bella didn't feel like she had left an impression on anyone, anywhere. None that mattered. Disclaimer: All things Twilight are property of their lawful owners, who generously allow us to play with their toys *cough Edward*. I hope you all like. Share your thoughts? Consider it a gift!