to me anymore? ...no. That one was important. I'd keep it. We danced the dance of lovers... as cliché as that sounds. But that was the only way I could think to describe it. I would never be as good with words as he was- waxing poetry with the best of them- but I knew emotion . I knew suffering and heat and ecstasy and love, and somehow, knowing that it would all be over after, all of it , the wondrous experience was all of that and more. If my tear ducts hadn't been sealed by the harshness of transformation, I probably would have been a mess. That's one thing to be thankful for. "I'll never forget you," he whispered against my neck, his voice unnaturally rough. "Nor I, you," I replied softly, as steadily as I could manage. And I never did. ... Sixty-Five Years Pre-Book ... People stare when they look my way. I'm not avoiding it, either; I love being the center of attention, whereas before I might have shied away from it. I don't garner the screams of nearby loved ones when I tear their criminal relative apart by the neck; I earn collective applause when I sing and strum. An easy enough profession for a physically and vocally flawless being such as myself, as long as I stay out of the limelight and entertain mostly at dive bars and on street corners. As a plus, it drew in prey. I could always sniff out when a fan wanted a little more than an autograph. " Hey, sweetheart, " they would say, leering and rubbing their hands together to ward off the cold, " you shouldn't be hangin' around back like this, should you? Such a pretty little nigger. I would love to take a bite out of that a- " And they never finished their disgusting sentences, because my temper would get the best of me before I could properly scare the wits out of them. I always regret it later. Their dirty blood stained my tongue, and if I squinted hard enough in the mirror, I imagined their sneering faces tattooed on the insides of my arms and running down my thighs in dark ink. They haunted me. I ignored them. I won't stop. I can't stop. As long as I sing for crowds, there will always be more than a few bad apples that I have to dispose of. Plus, everyone needs a spirit boost, especially with the fucking war; humans senselessly killing each other. There's already enough killing going on behind the scenes- they're going to extinguish their entire race carrying on like this. But I digress. Here's where I'm at now, as if it's any better from where I last left you: "You're thirsty," I hissed at my reflection, my body unmoving. " Feed. " My eyes are bruised underneath, dark purplish on warm brown, and I'm disgusted. My hair was more wavy than curly (some days I wondered about my heritage, but I always forgot to go searching), and it was a bit everywhere. I looked stark raving mad- and I was willing to become even more so. I didn't want to go back out. Not now. Who was I kidding? Not ever. It was madness. Now that I knew there was an alternative lifestyle, my fucking curiosity was itching to try it out. Doubts always clouded my mind whenever I even considered it; what if I relapsed and ended up discouraging myself in the end? I couldn't imagine avoiding the tantalizing scent of sweet, fresh, gushing crimson tides, pumping just underneath the surface of such puncturable necks- so within grasp- so attainable, so easy . Venom pooled under my tongue and swum in the gutters of my cheeks and gums. I needed desperately to feed. I slammed the door to my hut in the woods- isolated, surrounded on all sides by thick forest flora and natural traps- and headed south toward the city where I often performed. My territory was my own; hopefully, no nomads had come by the week I'd holed myself up, trying to ignore my own nature. I didn't get far. Maybe a mile or two. There was a trail- a quite obviously man-made trail- and just down the earthy path, a couple of fleshy wanderers, women, were set up for a picnic. I observed them for a bit, venom still swishing around in my mouth. They didn't look bad. Just... enjoying their lunch and the muted majesty of the greenery. So thirsty, my throat screeched. Feed- FEED! I hit myself in the head twice. One of the women- the one with her back turned to me- rotated her torso as if to stretch. My hawk-like eyes zeroed in on the tell-tale swell of her lower abdomen. I bit my lip. Innocents, a kinder, gentler voice murmured. Innocent life. Leave this place. I sighed silently and turned to head for the city. And then the wind blew my way. Blood was normally a very strong attractor, but something came over me at that moment. My body turned and and I hunched, nose flaring and eyes widening in shock at the pure ecstasy I experienced by a mere whiff. It was unavoidable- I had to have her blood. It was mine, it called to me, I needed it- Realization came to me when I sat up in the shredded, stained remnants of their checkered picnic blanket, dry sobbing. "No more," I whispered to myself, digging a hole by hand for the woman round with child and the younger one that I could only assume was her sister or daughter that she'd had very young, guessing by their resemblance and the girl's age. For hours, I sat on the pile of disturbed ground above which their bodies were buried. Or days. I'm not sure. It all ran together in that odd, disturbingly clear way. ... Book One ... Fucking. Hell. ... ... ... A/N: Remember to review!