down his Sprite. I blushed the slightest at the compliment that I almost get every night. "I think you guys would just become overweight because you would eat out at the diner every night. It's even gross to think about." I shivered and took a bite of my chicken with some rice thrown on top. Emmett scoffed and moved closer, throwing one of his thick arms over my shoulders. "We could make it a contest. Who can hit 400 pounds first?" He smiled down at me with a toothy grin. I shrugged his heavy arm off my shoulders and sneered with distaste. "That's just..." I trailed off with a shake of my head as I finished. Charlie helped me wash the little dishes we had while Emmett sighed dramatically and trudged back outside to finish the cruiser. It was looking pretty good so far. "Sooo..." I looked over at Charlie while handing him over a plate for him to dry. He took it and dried it quickly. Charlie and I weren't good when it came to having a conversation. It just wasn't... us . "Um. How was school? Anything interesting?" I raised my eyebrow over at him and he shrugged, his face slightly turning red as he dried the cup I handed over to him. We lived in Forks, Washington. Nothing interesting ever happened. The most interesting thing that had happened was when someone found a deer in their backyard because it had jumped over the fence, and just wouldn't jump back out. Charlie had to go over with some other colleagues and tranquillize it. They put her back in the forest and nothing like that ever happened again. It only happened about three months ago. "Nothing interesting happened today, Dad. Nothing interesting ever happens," I said with a dry chuckle. He nodded his head. It was quite for about a minute before he brought up a new subject. A subject that got my heart pumping. The blood rushing through my ears. "I met Dr. Cullen today at the hospital when we brought someone in from the station who broke their hand. Probably the nicest man I've ever met. He told me about his adopted children. Edward, Rosalie, and Jasper. They go to the high school with you," he said. They're adopted? His words were coming much easier as he talked about the Cullen family. I swallowed my nerves and nodded. "He told me that their very quiet. Have you talked to them? Do they got any friends?" I looked at him like he was insane. Charlie has never asked so many questions. He's never said so many words at once. I took a deep breath and handed him the last dish. "Yeah, they are quiet. They actually haven't talked to anyone... well... that's what I know about Edward," I said as I turned around and leaned back against the counter. "He doesn't even make eye contact with anyone. I only see Jasper and Rosalie after school when they leave. I'm pretty sure they have no friends and just stick together," I whispered. I looked up and over at Charlie as he looked at his feet like they were the most interesting things. "Hmmm... maybe you should just walk up to them and introduce yourself," he finally said with a tight smile. My eyes widened and my heart stuttered. It actually almost stopped. How could he say that? I would melt if I ever walked up to those three and talked to them. Especially Edward. They would probably walked passed me with blank expressions. I had the only friend I needed. Angela Weber. Her and I actually didn't even hang out all that much, but she was the only one to really talk to me when I arrived here last year. It was the same thing for her. I was the one to actually talk to her. "That's not such a good idea. I think they like to just... keep to themselves," I said. My heart was still beating way too fast. "I'm actually pretty tired. I'm just going to head up to bed. Goodnight," I rushed before walking passed his still form and up to my room. I brushed my teeth, hair, and washed my face before putting on some cotton shorts and a plain t-shirt. I plopped down on my bed with a deep sigh. I had no idea talking about Edward Cullen with my dad would affect me like it did. My eyes had a mind of their own as they moved over to my bag at the end of my bed. I got up on my hands and knees and crawled over to it. I zipped it open and pulled out my sketchbook, pencil, eraser, and pencil sharpener. Everything I needed. I sat crisscrossed and flipped the book open to Edward's page. I wanted to finish the hair and eyes, but I just couldn't . I couldn't make myself do it as I stared down at the beautiful sketch. It didn't feel right to just finish it. I chewed on my bottom lip and flipped the pencil around between my fingers. I was in a trance as I stared at his sharp jaw line and straight nose. His thin lips. His high cheekbones. I fell back onto my pillow and slapped the sketchbook shut with a sigh. I pushed the things over and curled up into a tight ball, suddenly tired. I looked at the red numbers coming from my alarm clock. 6:47 . I fell asleep like it was 1:00 in the morning. I've never fallen asleep so easily. And my thoughts were about Edward. A/N: I do have to worry about school as well, so I won't be able to have a schedule for updating. If I get caught up in homework, then that doesn't mean it will take a week to have just one chapter up. Not true. I'll most likely have two chapters up a week. Thank you to those who read.