take me to heaven. To Gracie." Her tears slip silent now. "And when I woke up and realized you were back and what I'd almost done, I can't tell you how terrible I felt. And I can't believe you're even giving me the hint of a second chance. A chance to be better. I'm so sorry for all the things I've done, the ways I hurt you and myself, but I need to be better. I know that now. I think I can be. I think… with you. Edward, I can't believe you're here. I didn't know how much I needed you, how much I love you." "I'll never stop loving you," I promise, and her eyes fill with tears that make them glimmer. "No matter how far apart we are, no matter how long it's been, there is always a place in my heart solely for you." Her lips are soft when she presses them against mine, gently enough to show me she's scared. I am too, but it's overwhelmed by the love, sadness, heartache warring inside me, and so I kiss her back. I wrap my arms around her, and then I show her how much I've missed her, letting my mouth heal the hurt that sits between us. "What does this mean?" she asks when we break for air. "It means I can't see a life that doesn't have you in it anymore. I need you. I miss you, and I love you more than words can say." "Everything's so unclear…" I stroke her forehead, push away the hair that blocks her eyes. "Let me be your constant. I'll be with you every step of the way, any time you need me." "But I hurt you, Edward, and—" "And we've spent too many years apart, running from things that were never our fault." She closes her eyes, breathes those words in like they're her lifeline. "I'm not asking you to get married tomorrow or to act as if everything can suddenly be fixed," I explain, running my thumb across her lips. "I am asking you to try, though. I need you to try." She nods, the first hint of a smile I haven't seen enough of creeping across her cheeks. "We can try." The relief that floods me brings tears to my eyes, but I blink them back. There's no room for tears here, not now. "Sleep now. I have you." She rests her head on my chest, clinging tight to my ribs. In Bella's embrace, I sleep. When morning comes, we're still lying in the same position, our bodies tangled in warm sheets and each other. I see Bella's sleepy smile and morning eyes, so love-filled I'm convinced I must still be dreaming, that it's just the ghost of happiness tricking me. Except she holds me like she's flesh, skin warm and flushed with blood, and then I remember. For the the first time in years, an early-morning memory brings me happiness. That only grows as we awkwardly explore our new dynamic, learning the new versions of ourselves through conversation and kisses, small touches that chart the changes in our bodies and declarations that show nothing has changed in our hearts. Faith's scheduled to come home in the afternoon, and Bella's nerves are visible as the time grows closer. My chest aches at the thought she and my daughter won't get along, but it seems impossible. They're the sun and the moon, the two centers of my different lifetimes meeting, and I refuse to believe they could do anything but love one another. Still, Bella's wary and tentative, especially when she hears Tanya's voice outside. She sits on the couch stiff-spined and terrified, but before long, I'm back at her side, excited toddler in tow. I watch as Bella looks at Faith fully, taking in the curve of her cheek and the ringlet-curl of her hair so like our daughter's. I worry that she'll cry, but instead she smiles so bright it leaves me breathless. "Hi, Faith." Faith steps closer to me, chewing on her thumb as she leans her body against mine. "This is Bella, sweetheart. You remember I told you about her and Gracie?" A moment passes that leaves me sickeningly scared, where Faith's eyes stay blank and Bella's face falls. She looks toward the floor, averting her gaze and missing the spark of recognition that lights my daughter up from the inside out. "Bella from the princess story, Daddy?" I swallow the lump in my throat that appears when I see the hope written all over Bella's face. "I love that story! Hi, Bella!" Faith springs forward and wraps her arms around Bella's neck, almost bringing them to the floor. Bella saves them, though, swooping Faith into her arms and wrapping her tight in a hug. Her face is sad, and I have no doubt the moment is so bittersweet it burns her, but she just buries her nose in Faith's hair and listens as my daughter rambles on. In that moment, despite all that stands between us, I feel the last tattered pieces of my heart align and slide back into place. Outside new snow begins to fall, swirling and circling around the yard before drifting to the ground. So much is tied to those small flakes - my worst memories of nights that felt like years, and yet as the powdery white finds its bed on the grass, I can do nothing but smile. Snow storms happen. They wreak havoc, turn something beautiful into a force that destructs and hurts. Snow gets muddied. It turns from pure white to slushy gray-black, from untouched to ravaged, but it always melts. It thaws and fades, and so does all the dirt and the darkness it held. No matter how hard winter rages, it can't keep the rebirth of spring from blossoming. As I turn back to see Bella and Faith still wrapped up in each other, it seems my seasons are finally changing.