of my eyes and pulled it all back into a tight knot high on my head. I turned to my book, The Outsiders. The book was below my reading level, but I enjoyed the plot. My head popped up when I heard yelling outside, "These humans can't get through one day without a fight, can they?" "Apparently not," Rosalie said. Emmett was fidgeting. "Don't even think about it big guy," I grinned, "We don't want to get involved and hear about it from Esme." "Yeah, you're right, my bad," Emmett leaned back in his seat. "If you want we can hunt grizzles later," Jasper smiled. "Hell yeah. I call debs on the first one," Emmett stretched. "Fine," Jasper said. "Edward, you want to come," I asked my other big brother. "I guess I could," Edward looked at me with his crooked grin. "It's going to be sunny tomorrow," Alice froze in movement, she was having a vision. "Finally," I sighed. I hissed when I smelt a familiar scent. Scott, a guy, who, had been bothering the hell out of me ever since we moved back to Forks. "Easy, Madelyn," Edward soothed, reading my thoughts. He gave my hand a firm squeeze. I inhaled through my nose and exhaled through my mouth slowly. "Good," Edward praised. "I think she's getting better at this," Rosalie said. "Better at what?" I looked at my blond sister. "Controlling your temper," Rosalie answered. I glared as Scott walked by and smiled and waved at me. He shied away when he saw the look in my eyes. My coiled muscles relaxed when Scott left the cafeteria. We all went through the rest of the day and then went home. We skipped the next day of school. We couldn't step out into the sunlight without revealing that we weren't human. Our skin looked as if it were made out of a thousand diamonds when we were out in the sun. I sat in my room in the window seat reading that morning. The sunlight poured in through the window and shined down on me. Even my hair seemed to catch the glimmer of the sun in its vast midnight abyss. I turned the page when Edward came in. My face lit up when I saw my favorite brother. I hated picking favorites but it usually happens on accident. "Hey," I smiled revealing my perfect pearly white teeth. "Hey," Edward gave me his crooked grin. "What's up?" I stood, leaving my earmarked book on the window seat. "Emmett's getting impatient. Did you forget that you two planned to go hunting?" "Kinda. Sorry," I smiled. "Wait, aren't you coming?" "No, I made plans with Bella," Edward replied. "I should've known that you love her more than your own family. You're a selfish human lover," I snapped sharply all of a sudden. "Why don't you go live with them since you care about only them?" I brushed past him. Edward grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. One thing I was afraid of when it came to Edward was when he lost his temper. "You think I'm selfish? You think I don't care? You only care about how you can get things to revolve around you. If anyone's selfish here it's you, Madelyn! Maybe you should not be part of this family and go live with someone who's as vain and shallow as you! " Edward snarled. His grip tightened on my pale arm. I didn't look at him, my black hair hung in my face. "Edward, you're hurting me," I said meekly. Edward's grasp loosened. I ripped my arm free. I left the room and closed the door as I went. A few minutes later I heard Edward come down stairs to find everyone in the living room. They heard everything. "What the hell is your problem?" Emmett growled. Edward didn't say anything. "She left, Edward," Esme said, "And she's not coming back." "I didn't mean what I said. I just lost my temper," Edward's voice was ashamed. "Tell her that," Jasper sat next to Alice, holding her hand. "Go after her, Edward, bring her back," Carlisle told him, "Bring your sister home." "I will," Edward left the house racked with guilt. He ran to catch up with me at the edge of our territory. "Madelyn," He stopped right behind me. "Get away from me," I gutturally snarled in warning as I put distance between Edward and myself. "Go away and leave me alone." "Madelyn, please listen," Edward pleaded. "I don't want to hear it," I growled. "I didn't mean what I said." Edward continued. "I'm glad that you're part of the family and that you're my sister." I was quiet. "Please don't leave. I'm so very sorry, Madelyn, really I am." I turned and looked at him. I was in his arms in an instant, "Edward…" I wrapped my arms around him, "I'm sorry for what I said. I'm just scared that you'll leave to be with her and not come back." "Shhh-shh," Edward soothed in a sweet gentle whisper as he held me. "That won't happen, I won't leave." "You promise?" "I promise." Edward said and kissed the top of my head. "Let's go home now, okay?" "Okay," I said. "Will you make me a promise?" Edward asked as we took our time walking back. "Yeah," I replied. "Promise me that you won't leave," Edward looked at me. "I promise," I smiled at him. When we reached the house and went inside Esme took me in her arms, "Oh Madelyn, sweetheart." "I'm sorry Esme," I embraced her back. "I'm sorry. I won't do it again." Carlisle hugged me next. "Daddy," I sighed. I gasped and covered my mouth and pulled away, "I'm sorry Carlisle, I didn't…" "It's all right," Carlisle smiled gently and caressed the side of my face. "I'm flattered that you would call me that," He told me. I smiled. All my siblings hugged me in a group hug, very rare. To Be Continued...