back in her head, her breath choking off at the new sensations this position provoked. He really was touching spots inside of her which set her on fire, nudging layers of skin which sent sparks of pleasure through her body. She pressed back, circling her hips. The phone rang, and she smiled at the loud snarl he gave in reply. This time, it was hers, and the name on the screen wasn't Alice. She was going to ignore it, but his hand threaded in her hair, and pulled her up, thrusting into her, causing her to cry out. "Answer the phone Baby; I want you to talk to him while I fuck you." She moaned, panting despite how wrong, the idea pushed her closer to the edge. "I want you to know that It was me inside you while your useless fiancé waited on the phone, it was me who gave you what you wanted, not him, he won't have a clue what I'm taking from him" He pushed her back down, and began to rock his hips back and forth, grinning at the tiny cries which mixed with her pants. She shakily reached for the phone, struggling to see around the tears of pleasure which blurred her eyes. She clicked answer. "H-Hello." She choked out, biting her cheek to hold back the cry which wanted to escape. "Bella? Love, are you okay?" She hummed, fingers gripping the white of her pillow case. "Alice said she phoned Emmett but the call got cut off, I was worried." Her body rocked back and forth, and she couldn't stop the loud cry which fell from her lips, a hand curling around her chest and pulling her up. Her sweaty back pressing against his cool chest, making her eyes close at the contrast. "Bella!? What's wrong!? What was that!?" She ignored Emmett's snort, focusing on not letting her noises escape. "I-It's n-nothing Edward, I'm just really t-tired. I stubbed my toe on the foot of the bed." It wasn't that bad of a lie, not compared to what she was really doing, and she prayed he bought it, she had to hold the phone away, as Emmett's thrust became harder, and he began slamming into her, his balls slapping against her clit. Her lips pursed, and her other hand slapping over her mouth to muffle to small sob. She brought the phone back, "Bella! Are you sure you're ok, you sound upset, where are you?" Emmett reached round, his hand finding her breast and he tugged at the nipple, his other hand moving down to circle her clit. Her hand reached behind her to grab the back of his head, holding onto him for dear life. "I-I'm fine, I- I'm at H-home, just tired, I- I was sleeping when you called." She answered breathlessly, her eyes growing tinted. She was going to come, for the fifth time, and the sensation was so sensitive, so intense, she wanted to scream at the mix of pain in pleasure. She knew any noises wouldn't be able to be held back. "E-Edward, I have to go, really tired, I have work I have to do in the morning." Her eyes rolled back, as her head fell against Emmett's shoulder, panting as his thrusts got faster. "Ok love; see yo-"She hung up. She wished she could feel shame, some moral compass inside of her broke with each of Emmett's thrusts, no guilt existed amongst the torrent of lust and relief, something akin to adoration as he slammed into her, stealing away the very thing that should've been Edward's, but he never took. Dropping the phone to the floor, her mouth hanging open as she let out the sounds, leaning back against his chest. He had never taken this, so Bella had given it to the one person who rivalled Edward in all her fantasies, she wished she could be sorry, but she couldn't find it within herself to say the words. The coil began to tighten, and she whined as each thrust brought her closer. "Emmett, It-It's too much." Her whines turned into pleasured sobs, her body rebelling against the oncoming release, her hips beginning to circle and twitch as she tried to press him closer. "No, it's not." The growl in her ear sent shudders up her body, and she bucked, driving him deeper. She breathed deeply, sucking in loud gasps of air, mewling noises falling from her lips, her head falling to his shoulder, voice in his ear. He groaned, not his control coming undone. "Fuck Bella! I want you to come. Come with me, now!" He ordered, pulling her close. The sound of her moans began to get louder, till she feared that even the neighbours could hear her scream as she came. He snarled, falling over her, his teeth sinking into his wrist, his hands gripping the sheets, hearing the material tear. She pulled every last string of release from him, her muscles pulsing around him, hugging him deeper. Her face pressed into the pillow as she shook, her moans shuddering out of her. Feeling the seed paint the walls of her womb, relishing the idea of keeping a piece of him, she felt a smile curl over her swollen lips. She moaned tiredly, by now her body a mess of essence and sweat. He fell next to her, his head hitting the pillow, and he watched surprised as she grabbed her blanket, pulling it around her body, and nuzzling into his chest. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close, before smiling. "Stay." She breathed, voice muffled by sleep, and he pulled her closer, pressing a kiss to her temple. "I'll be here in the morning Baby." "I got my eyes on you you're everything that I see I want your high love and emotion endlessly I can't get over you you left your mark on me I want your high love and emotion endlessly." Hold on, we're going home - Drake