at the dusty ground. Then she gathered her courage and looked back up at him, staring at him in the eye. "Then it would seem to be your fault, sir," she said, quoting his own words, which made him grin even further. "How are you going to fix the situation at hand?" she asked boldly, inwardly smirking at the surprise in his eyes at her counter. "Well, young miss, I would first have your name so that I may be able to know who I so mistakenly overlooked," he replied, staring down at her. Isabelle thought for a moment, both trying to figure out if she should give him her real name or not and to make him wait. "Marie," she said finally, going by her middle name. "You may call me Marie for now." "Well, Lady Marie, I would humbly ask for your forgiveness, even going as far as to get on my knees," he said, repeating her own words and knowing the effect it would have on her. Right on cue, she flushed once more before forcing it back down. "I think that before you get on your knees to beg for my forgiveness, you should give me your own name, kind sir, so that I may know who potentially saved my life," Isabelle murmured. "Andres," he said in return, a small and secretive smile on his lips. Hm… Andres… It's fitting, but it doesn't seem like it fits him completely. "Judging by the look in your eyes and the smirk on your lips, I would wager a guess that Andres isn't what you are normally called by. You don't look like an Andres," Isabelle said, shifting her weight to her other leg as she raised an eyebrow. Andres raised his own eyebrow. "Just as you do not look like a Marie, but to each their own," he countered. At that, Isabelle couldn't help but to let out a laugh. "Touché," she said, grinning now. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mister Andres." Andres tilted his head in acknowledgement. "Just as it is a pleasure to meet you, Lady Marie," he said, taking her hand and kissing the top of her knuckles, making a shiver go down her spine. Her eyes followed him as he straightened. "And please, just call me Andres." Isabelle tilted her head forward in a slight bow. "Then, Andres , in return, I insist you call me Marie. None of this 'Lady' business," she said in response. He nodded, smiling brightly. "Now as for my forgiveness, there is no need for you to get on your knees and beg. Just escorting me around the market as I father my purchases would be enough," she added, her grin turning into a slight smirk. "… For now…" A smirk had slid back onto Andres' features at her words, though it faltered slightly at the 'for now', making him wonder what else she would have him do. "Very well, Marie ," he said, taking a step back and bowing at the waist. "May I escort you around the market? A woman with beauty such as yours should not be walking alone," he said, straightening and offering her his arm. Isabelle let out a small laugh as she looped her arm through his, her basket on her other arm. "You may. And I am not alone. I have a companion with me," she said, smiling. "Oh? And who is this companion?" he asked, his voice taking on a teasing lilt, making her think that he thought she was talking about him. "He is broad and muscular and has a dark coat on. His eyes are a dark blue, though in the sun, it can change to be lighter," she said, fighting to keep her voice even as she held back her laughter. "Does this companion have a name?" Andres asked with the right touch of respectful politeness mixed with a good amount of amusement and expectation. "He does," Isabelle said, her smile turning back into a laughing grin. "His name is Degon." Whatever response Andres had expected, though Isabelle knew it would have been his name he thought to hear, 'Degon' was not it. "De… gon?" he asked, breaking up the word as if it were foreign on his tongue. He held a look of surprise and a lot of confusion. "Yes," Isabelle said, giggling. She turned back towards the well, whistling. Degon, who had been merrily chasing after a couple of stray cats as well as a female dog, turned his head and trotted over to the pair. Isabelle rubbed his head as he came to a stop in front of them. "Andres, this is my faithful companion, Degon," she said, looking up at the man at her side. The confusion cleared as the hound came to Isabelle's side, though the surprise was still there. It was steadily turning into amusement as he realized that he had been led on. "Degon, it is a pleasure to meet you," he said, holding out his hand so that the dog could sniff it. Isabelle watched on with an amused smile as Degon sniffed and then licked his hand. He didn't wipe it off like Isabelle thought he would, though he did rub Degon's head a lot, so maybe he wiped it off there. "Shall we go, Andres?" Isabelle said with the smile still on her face. "Yes, we shall," Andres replied, looking down at the girl on his arm and motioned to the market before them. "Lead the way." ** Whew… That took me a good hour or two to write and the ending was nearly completely different from what I had written out, though I like the way this turned out a lot better than the original. So what did you think? Was it better than what you thought it would be? Let me know if you have any suggestions! I will take my readers' opinions and use them to make my stories better! See ya next time!**