built for fighting so them stopping you in full mode! I think not, what say you?" I speak my thoughts on the matter loudly, making sure everyone hears me. "Now give me a hug cowboy and we will put it behind us permanently, okay" I say stepping forward. He looks at me with venom pooling in his eyes and opens up his arms and I hugged him as tightly as I can. They are a lot more sullen on my return into the house. Don't like being caught out passing the buck and pointing fingers to absolve themselves. I excuse myself to heat up my coffee and use the facilities. From the kitchen I hear lots of whispered apologies going on to Jasper and I am so annoyed with them. "Funny how the damned human can work it out, but the mighty all seeing all knowing vampires are as thick as ... argh" I grumble to myself, but I know they hear anyway. Coffee in hand I settle back down at the table. "Let's get this over with, I am so beyond pissed off with you all, well except for Rose and Jasper. She at least was honest with me from day one, not saying she cared and then just turning her back on me at the say so of a seventeen year old boy like the rest of you did. He was never allowed near me, so he could never get desensitised and cope with everyone's blood lust around me, because Edward and Alice said so, because they always know best ... ha! Dear god who runs this family Carlisle because it sure as hell isn't you?" I enquire. Everyone gasps at this and Esme looked like she wants to burst into tears. Carlisle clears his throat unnecessarily and nods his head, "Your right Bella, in hindsight I did everything wrong concerning you. I let Edward make decisions he wasn't capable of, I was swayed by Alice's visions, insulted Jasper in a very condescending manner for a man of his status and not once did I even stop to think how this would affect you" he says quietly and everyone tries to break into his speech, but he holds up his hand and continues. "I know why I did this of course, it was because you are human and I thought just like the two of them I had the right to think for you. But what pains me the most is knowing by doing that I have lost your respect and trust, especially since you gave them to me so freely and without reserve and with complete disregard to the fact I am a vampire. I am ashamed of myself for the part I played in this whole affair. So thank you for letting me, well all of us know your thoughts and be assured I will not let it happen again. There will never be a repeat of this blatant disregard for the feelings of a family member, because that's how I felt and still feel about you and yet I allowed it to happen" he states and takes my hand in his, squeezing it tightly finishing off by saying."I know saying sorry will do nothing to repair the damage to our relationship, but please know that it is heartfelt and that I will do everything in my power to win back your affection for me and prove to you I deserve it". As I took this in and watch the faces around the table, I realised just how humanlike they really were. They have made many mistakes, taken too much for granted and relied far too heavily on the gifts of Alice and Edward, whilst disregarding Jasper's. Better to be advised on the emotional climate around them, than the fleeting thoughts of teenagers and ever changing choices they could make for the future, I'd have thought. How going to High School was meant to be a good judge of human perceptions I will never fathom. Everyone knows teenagers are barely human at the best of times, I think to myself and smirk. I Decide I have had enough emotional upheaval for one day, I rise from my seat and tell them I need to go home to make dinner for Charlie and to get some more sleep to help me digest today's events and I will return tomorrow to speak to them again. Edward jumps up and offers to take me home but I decline, I am not ready to deal with him yet and he would push me until I say something I'll regret and I tell him this. He huffs and flops down on a sofa sulking. I am going to no longer hold back my thoughts and opinions about anything. So I ask to be left alone tonight and would Jasper please take me home. The journey home to Charlie's is quiet but not uncomfortable, as Jasper pulls into the driveway and puts the car in park I turn to him saying, "I hope you don't think I'm interfering here Jasper, but maybe it's time you asserted yourself a little more within the family dynamic and rein Alice in a lot. But mostly be yourself, not the poor imitation Alice wants you to be. Wear what you want to wear, I'm no empath but even I could feel how uncomfortable you were in those preppie outfits, so why can't she? How come we only hear your lovely southern accent when she's not around? After all a relationship is supposed to be an equal partnership and yours like mine is not." "I hear you darlin', I think I was so busy not letting the Major out that I didn't let Jasper Whitlock out either and slowly became Jasper Hale, but your right, vampires can change and learn even if they don't want to. So I believe a shakeup is long overdue", he replies with a wink, as I exit the car unaided for once.