to move." Bella watches him closely. "If neither of us can find anything, we'll just have to. Maybe there's more work going in the city." "No." Edward's palm lands on the table with a slap, and Bella is almost relieved to see this evidence that there's still some fight in him. "We can't… We can't move. This is home." "It's not home." Bella speaks quietly. "Home is where the four of us are together. And if you keep drinking like this, we… The girls can't grow up with you pissing your life away in front of them, Edward." He tells her over and over that he's sorry. He makes promises. He'll quit drinking. He'll keep looking for work. He'll pull himself together. For a few weeks, it looks to Bella like he's keeping those promises. He's there at the dinner table every night. He's poring through the newspaper every morning. He reads the girls their bedtime stories and he cooks dinner a few nights a week. And even though he only knows how to use the barbeque and Bella quickly tires of sausages and steak, she figures it's worth it. She'll eat red meat every night for the next decade if it means Edward is around, sober and functioning, taking care of his family. It's a dreary Friday afternoon when she takes the girls over to Angela's. Bella's called in a favour. The girls will be sleeping over there because she's got plans to show Edward just how much she appreciates him stepping up. Angela has gossip she needs to pass on, so Bella accepts her offer of a cuppa. She nibbles on an ANZAC bikkie as her cousin prattles on about the fast food chain that's opening in town and how "everyone reckons" the butcher is having an affair with the hairdresser. "It's not an affair," Bella tells her, "when they're both single. Leave them be." Bella glances from the clock to the window. The clouds are gathering, darkening. The horizon looks bruised. "I should go, Angie. Get home before it starts coming down." It's just an excuse. She's itching to touch her husband, to wrap herself around him and reconnect with him. She's missed him. "Be good, girls." Bella kisses them both goodbye. It starts to rain as she pulls back into the drive at home. She's laughing as she dashes from the car to the front door. Her steps kick up puffs of dust which mix with the rain to splatter mud on her shins. She finds Edward sitting at the table when she closes the door behind her. He looks up from the tattered old paperback he's reading and grins. "My pretty little barometer." Bella finds a bobby pin in her pocket and smooths back the curls gathering at her temples. She pins them off her face. "So what did you want to do tonight?" He pulls her into his lap and she catches a whiff of something sweet on his breath. She tells herself it's nothing. But then he kisses her and she can taste it. It's like a punch to the gut. Bile rises in her throat. She pushes him away and bursts into tears. "Where are you hiding it?" "What?" "The rum." He shakes his head. Denies it. Says he hasn't had a drink in weeks. He shoves her off his lap and gets to his feet. He stumbles. "Why can't you trust me?" he asks. He leaves her standing there, arms wrapped around her middle, and goes into the bedroom, closes the door. She stands there for what feels like hours, staring at the closed bedroom door. She wants to go to him, tell him she'll give him another chance. She'll tell him she'll go with him to AA meetings if it'll help. But she can't make her feet move. She's still standing there when he comes out of the bedroom and grabs his keys. She opens her mouth to ask him where he's going but no sound comes out. The front door slamming behind him releases her. Hot tears on her cheeks, she goes to the bedroom he's just vacated. It smells of him, in the good way. In the way that makes her want to crawl into their bed and stay there until he comes back. Because he has to come back, right? She drags her gaze away from the bed and pulls down her suitcase from the wardrobe. She's only used it once, for their honeymoon. They'd gone to Fiji and spent their days on the beach, their nights tangled together. Bella packs light, just a few outfits for her and for the girls. She's not even sure she believes she's actually doing this. But then she finds the bottles. A bottle of Bundy jammed in each of his work boots. She grabs them and takes them to the bathroom, watches the golden liquid disappear down the drain. By the time she's gathered up her phone and its charger, her handbag and her keys, the rain has slowed. It's just sprinkling now. Through the living room window, she can see half a pastel-coloured rainbow. She opens the front door and finds Edward standing there. He's soaking wet. He looks from her face to the suitcase she's dragging. She thinks he might be crying again but she can't tell with the water that's dripping from his hair. He puts a hand on her shoulder. His touch is gentle, and she wants to sink into him. For a moment, she thinks he's going to stop her. To beg her to stay. For a moment, she thinks she would. But he leans in and kisses her cheek. "I'll get better," he says. "I promise." He steps back. Watches her put the suitcase into the car. She sits in the driver's seat for a minute, staring at him while he stares at her. He lifts a hand in a wave and she puts the car in reverse. She believes him. She has to.