completely slept off. "Let her sleep, and we'll continue when she's properly rested. Esme-" His wife already stood with a blanket in her arms, Jasper carefully placed his new niece in a proper sleeping position, the blanket carefully being put her small body. Carlisle made a single head movement, all of them going outside to reduce the risk of waking her. "She looks like you, you know." Alice mused to her husband, Jasper slowly shaking his head. "She looks like a carbon copy of Jessamine, not me. Same cheekbones and everything..." "You never told me you had a sister." Alice put a hand on his back, Jasper looking down at his beautiful wife. "Amongst it all, I forgot I had one." The idea seemed ridiculous now, as his sister wasn't one to be forgotten. She was too unordinary for that. "What are we going to do about her?" Emmett questioned with his eyes on the peaceful figure like a muscled guardian angel. "We still don't know what she is, and until then the options are in the air." Carlisle ran his tongue lightly over his bottom lip, sighing slightly. "I want her to stay." Jasper fell back into his soldier stance, any other position too uncomfortable. "She lied about how long she was travelling, she's got what looks like fingerprint bruising on her upper arms and she's terrified, most likely of whoever hurt her. She's not safe anywhere else." "I agree." Carlisle nodded once. "The bruises I saw, but how did you know she was lying? Did you sense deception?" Carlisle stared at his son with intrigued eyes as he shook his head. It wasn't that complicated to see. "She hiccupped." Jasper response caused confusion amongst them. "After she answered Emmett, she momentarily held her breath and hiccupped. I felt it against my side." More confusion. Jasper sighed slightly, but knew they were going to be confused. "It's a family curse. All the Whitlocks hiccup when the lie, especially when we're young." "Odd, but not unheard of." Carlisle nodded again. "For now, we scope the area for any other signs, we wait for Edward to come back, and we wait for Jasmine to wake up." He sighed, "No one bring up the travel, and don't frighten her. She may know we're Vampires, but that doesn't mean she's seen one in action." Everyone gave a single nod of their heads, taking off in different directions and momentarily leaving the sleeping girl vulnerable. By the time they got back, Edward was staring down at Jasmine in confusion and fear, Jasper moving to stand between him and Jasmine to explain, Edward shaking his head. He pursed his lips as Jasper's feet shifted, Jasmine turning so her back was facing them in her sleep. "So we're tiptoeing around a freckled faced-" "Edward-" "I heard freckled," Jasmine opened her eyes, nearly falling off the couch when she saw Edward. "I'm sorry if you wanted to sit, sir." She was cross-legged on the floor, eyes focused on the wooden panels. "No, it's fine." Edward gave a smile, helping her up. "You can sit back down. That's why we have a couch." "It's not my house, sir. I don't have any right to-" "You've got permission." Edward shook his head, pointing to the couch. "Sit." Jasmine did so without a word. "Jasmine..." Carlisle sat down beside her, coaxing the girl to talk again. "If you don't mind me asking, what are you?" "A girl, sir?" Jasmine looked incredibly confused as Emmett went outside to stop laughing, the other family members managing to stifle theirs. "I didn't explain that well, did I?" Carlisle smiled. "We're Vampires, what are you?" "I'm not really sure, Carlisle sir." Jasmine answered after a beat of silence. "I can just move a lil' faster and lift heavy things. Despite that, I'm completely human. I bleed just as easily, I'm clumsy, I get tired... I don't know." She looked ashamed that she couldn't give him a proper answer. Carlisle briefly locked eyes with Edward, who gave a single nod. She was telling the truth. "That's alright, Jasmine, don't you worry." He gave a gentle smile, tilting her chin so she would lock eyes with him. "What do you eat, Jasmine?" His eyes were ready to check for a hiccup. "Normal food, mostly." Jasmine began to play with the skirt hem of her blue dress, running it between her fingers. "Sometimes it isn't enough, and I get real sad, see? Since I was young, Gramma would give me raw horse to make me happy again." Another nod from Edward. She was still being completely honest. "The blood of the horse?" He hid surprise when Jasmine shook her head gently. "Blood by itself makes me sick. She used to cut up raw horse meat and put it in a bowl, and then put a fill of blood in with it to cover all bases. The meat balanced out my stomach and stopped the vomiting. I had chopsticks to eat with... They were so pretty." "We'll get you new ones." Carlisle promised, Jasmine pushing hair behind her ear. "Does that mean she's staying?" Jasper questioned, an eyebrow raised. "It doesn't look like we have much of a choice, does it?" Esme smiled. "A new member of the family, no matter how odd, is always welcome. We have an empty guest room just waiting to have an owner, anyway." Jasmine smiled to herself, so happy she was here, but her mind travelled back to where she came from. The bodies on the living room floor, the screaming, the hands around her arms as she was yelled at... Thinking back on the travelling time, another hiccup escaped. Sorry if some of the characters are a little OOC, that's part of Jasmine's charm, I'm afraid. Waddup ma Unicorns? I hope you liked it, I enjoyed writing it! Review if you like it/want to comment on spelling mistakes Follow/Favourite if you reeeaaallllllyyy like it! Have a FABULOUS day dahhlliinnggsss! 0^0 Weasel!