a table with a bunch of papers. The first group called out their names and then did the cheer. One girl really shined throughout it but the other two looked like they were just going through the motions. "I'm really nervous, Aubrie." Jessica whispered. "Lauren talked me into trying out for cheer, but I've never cheered in my whole life!" "Don't worry, you're doing really good for this being your first time. Lauren is your friend and that's an advantage. But make sure to smile through the whole thing. Even if you mess up." I whispered back. When it was our group's turn I took my place which was toward the back with another girl. Her name was Brittany and she was a senior. You could tell she has been a cheerleader for a great part of her life, the way she radiated confidence and she looked like she was a strong tumbler. After we each said our names, Lauren said the magical numbers, "Five, six, seven, eight…" We did the routine and I made sure to be sharp and animated with all of my movements. Jessica struggled with this one part, but she got back on. And she kept smiling. Finally, that was over. "Next I want the people who know what they are in the stunt groups to split off into three groups. One group of flyers, one group of bases, and another one of back spots." They did so. I noticed Brittany and the girl who was really good in the first group go into the flyer group. "Okay, newbies. Go to the group you'll think you'll be in." Lauren commanded. I walked over to the flyer group. "I'm Aubrie," I introduced myself. Brittany smiled. "This is Natalie, she's also a flyer." She pointed out to the girl who did well in the first group. "Cool." I said. I saw Jessica go into the base group. I cringed. She is shorter than I am and probably should be with the flyer group. But, being a flyer takes a lot of practice and she could be seriously injured. It was probably better that stayed where she was. Lauren numbered us off where there was one flyer, two bases, and one back spot per each group. Then she got Natalie, Molly, Tara, and Danielle to teach us the stunt we were to do. They were veterans from last year and were seriously good. It was rather advanced, but mostly for the flyer part. Basically we get lifted in the air, flip over, got back in the air, have to lift up our leg and balance, switch positions doing yet another leg lift, and do a twist basket toss. Forks High School Cheerleaders aren't that bad. I practiced it with my group, who thankfully knew what they were doing. We perfected it and Lauren wrote stuff down on her clipboard about each group. "Next, is the tumbling part. If you can't tumble, then you can leave." Lauren said, she tried to be light about it. Like, if you couldn't tumble, it's not a big deal. About half of the girls, including Jessica, left. A good amount of people stayed including Natalie, Brittany, Molly, Tara, Danielle, and two people from my group when we performed the stunts. Their names were Shae and Katherine. "We'll start with doing pretty simple stuff and slowly get more advanced. If you cannot get anymore advanced, then drop out." Lauren said, writing all our names down on the clipboard. All in all, she wasn't that bad of a captain. We started off doing round off, back handsprings. Then just standing back handsprings. About five people left. We moved on to back tucks, doing them standing and after a back handspring. After that, a lot of people left and the only ones left was me, Katherine who goes by Katie, Natalie, Brittany, Shae, and Molly. They all did back handspring layouts and other variations of layouts. After that Lauren asked, "Can anyone do a full?" Everyone left the tumbling mat. I was the last one. "Show us what you got, Aubrie." Lauren smiled. I think I gained her respect. I prepped and did a round off, back handspring full. I think it's safe to say I'll make the team. As I drove home, I was elated about my first day, the only thing that kept nagging at me was what in the world am I going to do in the Twilight world? Author's Note: I know, I know. It's a little shaky. I'm really rough on myself and I can't believe I'm posting this, but I hope y'all enjoy. I've written like fourteen chapters and I'll probably be uploading them two at a time. This story gets better, I promise. Give it a chance(: New Author's Note: (1/28/14) Okay so this is the new and improved chapter 1. Holy moly there was a lot of mistakes and it just makes me very grateful for the readers I have because it must have been painful to read that. I know it's not perfect, I SUCK at grammar, so if anyone catches something feel free to drop a review. Okay so I got outfits of this chapter posted on my Polyvore account for Fanfiction. The username is: throwsomeglittermakeitrainx It's also linked on my bio if you somehow can't find it. ALSO the cheer stunt they had to do for tryouts is on Youtube and if you are interested in knowing what that looked like search up: 'CHEERLEADING cool stunts! learn from it! not easy man...' The video thumbnail should be in an all star cheer gym and the base has a green shirt on and the flyer is blonde with a blue shirt on. If anyone has trouble finding it, just tell me! Any new readers, WELCOME. I'm going to try to edit chapters when I have writer's block for the sequel or summer chapters, so it will be slowly edited. I am sorry if this drives you crazy!