normal people?" I am waiting for them to pass. Judging by the direction they're walking, I'm willing to bet they're heading to the football field. Jessica's boyfriend is the quarterback, so it wouldn't be surprising. I had just breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that they had not seen me, when they suddenly stop. "Let's see what she has in here!" Lauren says excitedly. "Maybe there's some money." "Not likely," Jessica sneers. "Have you seen what she wears?" I peer out from around the trashcan. What is wrong with me? Why didn't I leave when I had the opportunity? There's a flicker of curiosity, though. I want to see what the vultures have snatched from the innocent. I peer around. Cautiously. Carefully. Quietly. My eyes fall on something familiar. It's a teal book bag, mass-produced, probably from some department store. That's not what is holding my attention, though. The name "Angela" is monogrammed to the front in a bright, neon pink. A sinking feeling rips through my stomach as they pull the zipper open and dump the contents on the floor, ready to divide up the spoils. No. This can't happen. What can I do, though? I'm significantly smaller, I've never been in a fight, and there are two of them. I hate to think of Angela's privacy being invaded, but how can I help? And then, it happens. "What the fuck is this?" Jessica says, emphasizing each word. She pulls out a Tupperware container. From where I am sitting, I can see tiny, plastic bags, each labeled with words I cannot read. I don't need to read them. "Oh my god. You have to see this! What a freak!" I see red. It's not that they have stolen from someone I, on some level, care about. I've been through that. It's not that they are insulting Angela, and by proxy, me. It's the fact that they are invading something. They are attempting to annex my world. They are at the gates, trying to storm my white castle of perfection. I understand that people like them are a part of every school. I have grown to accept that. What I cannot accept, though, is a blatant violation of personal space. Watching their disgusting, filthy hands clawing at something that has taken Angela hours, maybe days, it makes me furious. I find strength that I have never known. Rationality abandons me, as does any shred of morality and decency. I am not a girl confronting two thieves; I am a dragon, sworn to protect the gates of a pearly white, glistening city. The sanctity and safety of the castle is mine to protect. I unleash a virulent screech, and I take off running toward them. Before they can pinpoint the location of the shriek, I crash into them. Angela's bag and all the contents spill, shooting out in different directions. Desperate to keep her most cherished possession away from the monsters, I push it away with my foot. Jessica is helping Lauren up, but I am on them again. My weight pushes Jessica forward and she hits her head against a locker. I ignore her and focus on Lauren. She is kicking at me, trying to free herself. A terrified scream comes from her lips. I can hear doors opening, people shouting, footsteps echoing. I only have a short amount of time. Moments before hands encircle my biceps, I curl my hand into a fist, I grab Lauren by the scruff of her shirt, and I punch her on the bridge of her nose. Pain shoots up hand. I ignore it. I land another punch. There is blood on my knuckles. Lauren is crying. Her tears mix with her blood and smear across her cheeks. I smile down at her. She is bleeding because of me. The victim has become the hunter. As I am dragged away from her, I lurch forward and grab the plastic box containing Angela's food. I hold it to my chest. I have won. I am victorious. Please note: If you decided to read this story based on the rating, let me be frank with you. This is not a lemon fest. There will be no smut. Recently, a rating of M has become synonymous with "sex, sex, sex." I don't want anyone to have expectations that I do not intend to meet. This is rated M because this story deals with some very adult themes. That is the perfect segue to my next point. This story is meant for 18+. Obviously, I cannot stop the younger readers from partaking in this story. I will merely ask you to keep your age to yourself . I'm really not meaning to sound like a pretentious ass. I just figured I should get everything out in the first chapter. I think that's everything. Oh! A couple more things. This is a W.I.P. I don't have all the chapters written . Updates will be sporadic. If you want to 'wait list' me, I'm cool with that. I'm just posting something that's been haunting me. Part of it is based on a dream, and part of it is based on Real Life events. I won't say if it's me or not. I also want to state, I am not using a beta . I do have a vast knowledge of writing, but I am not perfect. I don't want to wait around for someone to edit my work. Considering this character's life is spiraling the drain, it makes sense that the writing be a little crazy. Form = content? This opening chapter was inspired by a monologue entitled, "The Orange" by Joyce Carrol Oates. Some of the lines used in this this chapter can be found in there. I will provide a link in my profile to this piece. It's a great monologue. I used it for an Oral interpretation competition and received high marks. I'm going to shut up now. Again, I'm not trying to be a dick. :(