looking at us. Bree raised her eyebrow. "Phil?" Sue asked. "Rene's husband they got married when she was still pregnant with the twins." Charlie explains to Sue. "Yeah Phil Dawyer. Our dad." She said to him like he was stupid. "I heard your mom was married I just didn't know that." "What?" I asked softly. "That we were considered his kids… yeah when you raise two twins from the time of their birth. You tend to become their parent." I said quietly as I looked at Charlie. Bree just put her sunglasses on before she walked away. "I've had enough of this airport can we just go." Is all she said before she disappeared. *House* "Seth, Leah!" Sue and Charlie bellow as the four of us walked into a nice big house… it wasn't as big as ours back home but I guess it was big… for Forks. The two people I'm assuming were their kids ran down the stairs. I was faced with a girl that looked exactly like Sue only her skin was ten times lighter. And a boy who looked exactly like Charlie except nothing… he looked like the twelve year old version of Charlie. "Hey." They both said to us in unison. The four of us just stared at each other, sizing each other up. "Wow… you guys really are dad's kids." The girl said walking toward us. Bree raised her eyebrow at Leah. "My father… Is Phil Dawyer." She said slowly. Leah nodded. "Don't worry… I know." Leah said. "Nice nose ring." She said to Bree. "I'm not allowed to have one." She said glaring at Charlie. "It's your grandmothers' dying wish- "She's not even dying." Seth, Leah Bree and I all say to him in unison. Sue looked up at her husband with a smirk. "They're your kids… you deal with them." She said with a shrug before she left the four of us in the foyer with a smirk and a pep in her step as she walked away. Leah looked over at me. "You have my fathers' freckles." She pointed out. I just nodded and she sighed. "That's as much family bonding that I can take. See you guys later." Leah said grabbing a black purse and leaving through the door. Seth just looks at the two of us before he smiles, waves and walks away. Bree looks at Charlie. "Please don't tell me we have to share a room." She said Charlie shook his laughing. "No don't worry this house is pretty big plenty of space for both of you to have your own room." He said as he guided us up the steps. We make our way into the highest floor and it only had two doors. "These are your rooms… uh their both decorated exactly the same and have the same layout so … I mean whichever one you guys want." He said. Bree just grabbed her small suitcase before opening the first door she got. "Thanks." She said tersely before she closed the door on the two of us. "You look more like your mother but she acts more like her mother." He said mostly to himself. "What are you … taking notes on us or something." I said as I lifted my duffel over my shoulder. "I'm just getting to know you guys I guess." He said. I just narrowed my eyes at him shaking my head with a smirk. "If you wanted to get to know us… you could have just done it the old fashioned way… you could have just raised us." I said with an eye roll. He sighs. "Look Isabella." He started. "Bella." I corrected. "Bella… I know it must have been hard for you- "Whoa, whoa, whoa clip it right there." I said. "Nothing was hard for me or Bree. Phil was there from before we were even born. He's always been my dad. It wasn't hard without you… we didn't give you the time of day… The only thing that's hard for me is being plucked from my life away from my loving parents… and being brought here… That's the hard thing." I said. "Especially since I'm living with a man who gave my mother the money to kill me." I said his eyes snapped up. "Yeah… she told us the story of our horrible beginning one night when she was drunk… But I guess it wasn't Elizabeth's dying wish to know that her son wanted to have an abortion." I said. He just sighed. "I was young." He explained I shrugged. "It doesn't bother me Charlie… It really doesn't I loved my life and my friends and my family." I said. He nods. "I get that…. But as much as Bree or you don't like to admit it… we're your family too." He said softly. I shook my head. "You will never be our family… and we're here until we can convince our mom to let us leave." I said to him. He just looked at me calmly. "Did it ever occur to you that you might like it here?" He said. "Did it ever occur to you that that's impossible." I said. "I take it back you're both exactly like your mother." He said smiling little bit to himself as if remembering her. "And if you're just like you're mother… then you might take to Forks a lot more than you think." He said in his own head as he smiled to himself and walked away. I just narrowed my eyes at him before I went into my room. If Charlie was implying that I would fall for anyone in this damn town. He had lost his mind on so many levels. Well! That was the first chapter. Poor Bella has absolutely no idea what's in store for her. None what's so ever. Wait till she meets a blue eyes blonde haired God. Her life will change forever. Hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter. I'll be back soon!