hand and fixed his eyes on hers, trying to make her see what he wanted to say. "I don't want anyone else." They stared at each other for a few seconds. When he tried to close the distance between them, she pushed him away. "You're so fucking naïve, Edward," she said. The tone of her voice drove him mad. He couldn't believe that after what had happened earlier, she was still trying to hide behind a mask. As if he could believe her now. He didn't know if it had been or purpose or by accident, but she had bared herself to him. There was no way that she could hide her feelings from him after everything she had shared. "And you're so fucking exasperating," he said, shaking his head. She chuckled, but her laughter turned into a sad sigh. He took her hand and placed it on his chest, lowering his knees until their eyes met. "Do you want to know where you fit in?" he asked, pushing her hair out of her face. His finger lingered on her cheek. "My heart has run out of space because you take up all of it." She tightened her hold on his chest and looked down, hiding the tears that threatened to escape her. "Edward," she whispered, shaking her head. He knew she didn't want to believe him. He knew she was looking for another argument to keep them apart. But he didn't let her speak. He kissed her until the only thing she could ask for was more—of his touch, of his body, of his love. He took her against the wall in a fiery combination of unforgiving thrusts and gentle caresses. At some point, it started raining again. Her moans got lost in the sound of the thunder and the falling water. He smiled against her skin, thankful for the weather for the first time in all the years he had lived in Seattle. She was a hurricane, and he looked at her like she was his safe haven. … He left with the promise to meet with her later that week. It was the first time he knew where to find her if he needed to. Her past visits to him were always as vague as possible. Now he had her address. He'd seen where she lived. He could drive to her in the middle of the night if he wanted to. And he wanted to. But he didn't. He went through the motions of his work, catching up on the things he left behind to be with her. He distracted himself while he counted the days to see her again. The grey clouds he spotted on the sky, made him smile, lifting his mood instead of making him feel gloomy. She had changed his entire system. He wished the sun would never shine if it meant being locked up with her for hours. If it meant having her back. On Friday, wearing jeans and a shirt instead of a suit, he drove all the way outside the city. He arrived to her neighborhood as if he had been driving there all his life. The houses on the street felt familiar to him. He had stories to match each one, and the memory of her voice to go along. Smiling, he got out of the car and walked to her door. He knocked. No one answered. He knocked again. It was fifteen minutes after six. She knew he would be there. "Bella?" he called, knocking again. He went around the house, trying to look in through the windows. He couldn't. He fished his cell phone out of his pocket. He tried the different numbers he had listed with her name on it, knowing that they were likely old numbers. As expected, no one answered. He looked around, unwilling to believe what he already knew. Next door, a woman was just arriving, and had trouble opening the door. He walked toward her. "Excuse me," he said. "Do you know if Isabella's home?" The woman gave him a skeptical look. He corrected her name to Bella, thinking it might make a difference. "Who?" she asked. "The young girl: brown eyes, brown hair, short and skinny," he said. And beautiful And reckless And everything He wanted to add. "I'm sorry, young man," the woman said, giving him a sad look. "I can't help you. I've never even talked to the girl you mention. I'm only finding out her name is Bella." He nodded. "Do you think there's anyone around here who might know something?" he asked. She shook her head. "I don't think so." He went back to her door, and knocked again. Without thinking, he tried the knob. It opened. He entered the house that held his most recent and precious memories, only to find it empty. Just like he knew he would. There was no sign of her. The walls were bare. The rooms were empty. She was gone. Years of heartache and frustration made their way back in, choking him with despair. He sat down on the floor, where mere days ago, the couch had been. He was back in high school, hugging his knees after she had left for a week, to go on a road trip with some guys. His heart was breaking all over again, the same way it did the first time he said he loved her, when she smiled and kissed him, but said nothing in return. He stood up and punched the wall, willing his heart to keep on beating, willing his eyes not to cry. He had no one to blame but himself. It was his mistake. Her words had said it best. He was so fucking naïve . She was the smart one. She was a rebel, and a seductress. She was bright, and an artist. She was a player, and a fighter. She was human. She was a hurricane. And she had only left debris in her wake. …