Sam stood, and glared, "You're both trash." Yeh, that didn't sit well with Ed, I guess the guy didn't realize that pretty little redheads have a short fuse. "Fuck you, bitch." Edward stalked forward and I settled a hand on his shoulder. "Don't do it, man, not worth it." "Come back to my shop and I'll fuck your face up beyond recognition, bitch." Ed spat out. "Go suck a dick." "You offering?" Sam looked at me, "Leave my Rose alone." "I think you've got that backwards, Suit, she's not yours. Never was. Said your dick was too small and your ego too big." "Oh fuck off, both of you, fags." Sam turned on his pretty little shoes and made his way back toward the door. "Hear that, Ed, we're fags. God I love you, let's go fuck in the back room so I can pretend you're the Suit." xRx After leaving my parent's house, I drove around for a while trying to get my wits about me. I stopped at a small park and made my way to the swing set, where I sat for about an hour dragging my bare toes through the sand. "Hello?" "Hey, Samuel." "Rose, I'm in the middle of something right now, I have a lot of work to finish, is this something that can wait?" "No, it's not. Sam, I don't want to marry you." I cleared my throat. "I mean I'm not going to marry you. I don't love you. I'm calling off the wedding." "Excuse me, Rosalie, what is going on? Your father informed me earlier that you'd slept with an ex boyfriend, I was willing to let that slide, it was a mistake, you won't ever do it again. It was just some pre-wedding jitters we all get them. But we're still getting married." "We are not getting married. No. Sam, it wasn't a mistake, Emmett isn't a mistake. The only mistake I've made is allowing my father to dictate my life to me. I'm sorry if I hurt you, but we can't get married." "Dammit, Rosalie. Knock this shit off." "I'm sorry, Sam. It's over." I pressed end on my phone and pushed my toes through the sand again. My chest felt lighter than it had in years. All the money my dad had ever given me was sitting in bank account that hadn't been touched. I had more than enough buy-off money to be comfortable for a while and I was going to finally put my degree in interior design to good use. I finally had a life that I was looking forward to living, even if my parents wanted nothing to do with it. Now I just had to go find my man. When I got to my house I packed a bag and looked up Emmett's information. Bingo! He actually didn't live far from me, and it was a nice part of town. I stopped at a drive thru for Taco Bell and bought a twelve pack of supreme taco's and large Mt. Dew. If I knew anything, it was the way to Emmett's heart; it was through Taco Bell. And blowjobs, but that was for later. I pulled up in front of the house that my gps had directed me to. It was an old, white clapboard house. The outside of the two-story home was meticulously well cared for. The shutters were painted a navy blue, the grass was green and lush and all of the shrubbery and bushes were trimmed to perfection. Leave it to Emmett to have the perfect suburban home. I knocked once on the wooden screen door, I could hear music blaring from somewhere in the back and what sounded like bombs going off on a video game. "Coming." His voice curled my toes. His large dark silhouette moved down a hall and toward the door. "Rosie?" My heart began race and I croaked out a quick hello. I stepped back as he pushed the screen door open. Suddenly nervous and feeling a little overwhelmed. "Come in." "Thank you." I mumbled and stepped inside the house. "I come baring gifts." I held up the bag of tacos and the drink. Emmett's eyes stayed locked to mine, dangerous intent written in their depths and I didn't look away. "Taco Bell, Rosie?" His voice vibrated across my skin. "Yeh." We stood in the entryway staring at each other. My throat was nearly closed and I had to fight for breath. His black tshirt shirt stretched tight across his chest and his jeans were holy and threadbare. He stepped into me causing me to back up against the wall. Kiss me, kiss me, please, oh god, let him kiss me. Emmett ran his fingers across my neck. "I met Samuel Uley today, Rose." Oh god. He's not gonna kiss me. "Oh yeh?" He nodded, his fingers now twisting a strand of hair that fell over my shoulder. "He thinks I should stay away from you because I'm gonna trash up your life." His voice was rough and I was having a hard time staying upright. My heart continued to race at an unnatural speed causing my stomach to flutter. "Do you think I should stay away from you, Rosie?" I shook my head, attempting to make my vocal chords work. "No." Emmett's hand moved to cup my jaw and I'd have given anything to have my hands free. "Tell me what I need to hear, Rosie." I really couldn't speak, why was he doing this right now. Swallowing again I choked back the emotion that threatened to bury me. "I'm all yours, Em." Very carefully, Emmett took the food and drink from my shaky hands, setting everything on a small table next to us. Without a word, his lips met mine, nearly bringing me to my knees, in the next moment, I was upside down over his large shoulder as he ran up a set of stairs. Our second chance was going to be amazing.