forming on her temple. Her cheeks look sore and red; her lips are chapped. "Your head …" That's the first thing you say to her? Bella brings her hand to her forehead, touching the bruise with three fingertips. "I don't even know," she says. "Maybe when I was heading below deck at some point?" Edward pulls her hand away from the ugly mark, kissing her fingers. Her hands, too, are stained in places with blue and purple. Bella pulls her hands into her lap, sticking her thumb through a hole in the cuff of her jumper. She rubs the fleshy pad of it against the worn wool. "I'm sorry." Edward sits down beside her with a sigh, his thigh pressing against hers. He wraps an arm around her shoulders, feels her melt against him. Something inside his chest loosens. She's okay . "Please don't apologise." "But you were worried. I know you were. And I'm sorry." Edward presses a kiss to her temple, careful of the bruising there. Her hair smells strange, soaked in someone else's shampoo. "I was worried. So was Charlie. But you were chasing your dream, Bella. Never apologise for that." She shakes her head. "No, listen. I was … proud. Too proud." She can't see his smile, but its there in his voice. "I was proud of you, too. I am proud of you." "But–" She pulls back, searching his eyes. They are clear and calm, the ocean on the stillest of days. "There's no buts. You … I was in a helicopter this morning." Edward swallows, closing his eyes as if to block out the remembered images. "I watched them pull six sailors out of the sea. I watched a sixty foot yacht sink like a stone. And I was scared." He opens them again, gazing at her. She fidgets as she sees the awe reflected there. "I guess you don't win against weather like that. You don't conquer it," he says. "No." "But you survived it. And I'm so–" His voice catches in his throat. He breathes deep, lets the words tumble into the space between them. "I knew you were competent, and brave. But I never realised just how amazing you are. Even after watching you spend months, years, preparing for this … I had no clue. It wasn't until I–" Bella cuts him off, pressing her wind-chapped lips to his. She kisses him hard, until he's breathless and dizzy. This tiny hurricane in his arms, he forgets where he is, the worry and stress of the day pouring out of him and into their kiss. A throat clears. A small cough. A muttered curse. Edward pulls back, his cheeks flooding with heat as he looks up at Charlie. He helps Bella to her feet, nudges her towards her father. The Swans embrace, Charlie mumbling something Edward can't hear in Bella's ear. She nods. Her shoulders shake. Charlie holds her tighter. "Ow!" Bella grimaces as she untangles herself from her father. "Sorry," she says. "Bit bruised and battered." "Shit. I'm sor–" "Don't worry," she says. "Nothing a few days rest won't fix." "Right." Charlie pulls a hand through his hair, looks from Bella to Edward and back again. "I, uh, I booked us into the motel up the road. Too late to drive back tonight." Bella shakes her head. "I'm not driving back." Both men blink at her, mouths open with words that don't come. "I need to get Rosalie back to Sydney," she says, as if this should be entirely self-evident. As if, hours after surviving one of the worst storms in maritime history, it's not at all surprising that she should be ready to head back to sea. Charlie sighs. "Bel–" "I'll go with you." Edward looks almost surprised as Bella does at the words that have just leapt out of his mouth. "But not in this weather. Not until the winds abate and the sun comes back." Bella's smile is wide. "Deal." "Yeah?" "Yeah." Charlie smiles. There's pride in his gaze, directed both at his daughter and Edward. "Righto. How 'bout we go get some dinner?" "God, yes." Bella says, her voice almost a groan. "I want Chinese food. The nasty kind. Deep-fried honey chicken. Lots of rice." She grabs Edward's hand and the bag Harry retrieved for her earlier. They follow her father out into the fast-fading day. It's almost unbelievable to her that scarcely more than twenty-four hours has passed since the starting gun fired. The ring box in Edward's pocket bumps against his thigh as he climbs into the backseat behind her. Another day , he thinks. A calm day. One with blue sky framing fluffy white clouds and sunlight glittering on the sea. … … December 29, 1998. Bluewater Classic Ends in Tragedy. SYDNEY: The fifty-fourth Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race has ended in tragedy, with the lives of six sailors lost in the prestigious annual race, which, by all accounts, has lived up to its nickname, "Hell on High Water." The storm, the worst in the race's history, produced winds upwards of 70 knots (144 kmph) and waves that reportedly reached heights of thirty metres. It blew up during the early hours of December 27, prompting the biggest non-wartime maritime rescue mission in Australian history. Thirty-five military and civilian aircraft were involved in the operation, as were twenty-seven vessels belonging to the Royal Australian Navy. Fifty-five sailors were airlifted from the ocean as five yachts sank into the depths of the Tasman Sea. Sixty-six yachts were forced to retire from the race, limping into ports along the east coast of New South Wales. A New South Wales coroner's inquiry has been ordered, while the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia, the race organiser, will also investigate the disaster. The families of many sailors are demanding to know why the CYCA did not postpone the start of the race, following reports of bad weather in Bass Strait. Full Report, pages 5-7. Photo Credit: Edward Cullen. … …