and held his loins tightly, making him groan and whimper while the smoothly-muscled hunk stroked him through the fabric of his jeans. He swiftly unzipped them, and pulled them and his underwear down with impressive ease and speed. Tenderly yet forcefully, the guy started stroking, pumping and massaging Jacob with his right arm, his left hand now grasping Jacob's head and pulling it backwards, making Jacob moan and whine with frustrated joy. His brain was hurting, throbbing in unison with that other part of his body which he could not do but hate for betraying him like this. It was blackmailing him with promises of endless pleasure, as the level of delight mounted and his source of glee grew bigger and harder until it was hurting and his body jerked and convulsed with the ever more powerful waves of ecstatic satisfaction assaulting it, like the waves of the Channel hitting the cliffs of Normandy. Jacob thought his brain was going to explode with tense anticipation, when the left hand had let go, and the pumping grew weaker. Jacob started coming to his senses slowly, as a growing intensity of light met his eyes through closed eyelids. The dark shadow of the tanned Hispanic's face had seemingly faded. When Jacob felt one hand suddenly appear on his belly and another one on his ass, gripping it and massaging it, paired with a new shot of excited terror rushing through his loins when the Hispanic beauty took Jacob's inner animal into his mouth. Jacob moaned, like a steam locomotive whistling when it lets off steam, arching his back with tensed-up muscles that hadn't felt so energized in years . Jacob immediately responded to the sensual touching by grasping the beautiful head, moving it slowly back and forth. He claimed the perfectly shaped head's hairs as his own when he clenched his fists so hard that a gratified whimper escaped from it, the filled mouth smiling and the eyes dancing with intimate pleasure. Tension intensified and excitement surged as Jacob's inner animal took full control, ripping apart the very last of his protesting thoughts, asserting its dominance over his lover by aggressive movement; mechanically, without thinking. It just felt so good! Joy soared rapidly to its climax, and all Jacob could think was oh god , rocking inside the guy's mouth back and forth with increasing speed. The words in his mind transformed into moans filled with the delicious bliss of the moment and the agonized despair cried out by those that do against their strongest will, when suddenly he felt as if he was pulled through an aircraft's engine, run over by a high-speed train and hit by a bus: in the distance, he heard the panicky chattering of Bella. As if yanked out of a dream, he came to his senses and suddenly realized what had been happening the past twenty minutes. Utterly shocked he threw the guy away from him, his animal self driven back to its dark lair, howling loudly. The stranger landed, somewhat painfully, against the other wall, stuttering something unintelligible. Jacob hastily put on his underwear and his pants; an action that was met with stiff resistance as plummeting levels of joy got swiftly replaced with mounting levels of shame, exasperation and gasping tiredness. He clicked open the lock and slammed open the door of the stall and rushed out, leaving a confused man behind. "Where the hell have you been!" a terrified Bella exclaimed. Jacob looked at her withj a crazed expression of grief. "I want to go – now ", was his short and rude rebuttal. He hurriedly got out of the bar and found himself in the middle of a true shower – it was raining cats and dogs outside. He didn't care. He wanted to get out of this place as soon as possible. His exasperated soul was on the verge of breaking; the cracks in his heart grew bigger. His head was pounding and he felt sick. Enraged, surprised, tired, confused, elated, aggravated, irritated – Jacob didn't know what to feel and what to do. Sleep seemed like the best option. In the meantime, Bella was standing next to him, sobbing. She started ranting, calling him names; she said she didn't know him anymore, that it couldn't go on like this and similar things. Jacob didn't want to hear it and started walking in the direction of their hostel. He'd love to go home, but he couldn't. He was stuck in this place. Stuck in this place with a woman who wouldn't want to understand , even if he tried explaining her. But what was there to say? Hey Rose, a guy sucked me off this evening – and I liked it! Want something to drink? Like that was going to work. Instead, both of them walked onward, silently, in the pouring rain, back to the hostel. When they arrived there, Jacob immediately went to the bathroom, unzipped his fly in quiet despair and, stroking himself, the Hispanic in mind, manually finished the job that was started in the bar. He moaned softly as he reached that moment of faked perfection – gold-painted, plastic trombones reach the harsh climax that is inherent to their solo – for which his body had so desperately yearned, cursing the encounter with this tanned god of sexual desire. Minutes later, they sat on their bed, in the quiet hostel room. Jacob stared out of the window, into the cold, unforgiving night, lost in his own train of thought. Bella stared at Jacob; the guy she loved but had stopped understanding. She was petrified. Suddenly, Jacob looked at her and she noticed his eyes were red and his lips were trembling. Instantly she forgot her annoyed anxiety, which was replaced with pity. She moved over to him, held him, and tried to comfort him. If only she knew , Jacob thought. If only she knew . A/N: I would appreciate a (short) review to hear your thoughts!