the table and took my hand smiling. How I couldn't believe he could be so callous. The, had the months apart done nothing to make him see this type of control tactic didn't work for us, for me, contemplation. And then the, This time frankly was a step too far thought. How I wondered did I really mean so little to him, that he felt he could dangle our future in front of me like a carrot on a stick. Why could he not see how humiliating and degrading this was. How it would make our future together be, or a grand love affair but a treaty between disparate parties Then the, I should just sign a contract and become his Sub, because he sure acted liked a Dom! notion. Edward was rocking back and forward shaking his head. "How could you think that?" he demanded. "How could I not Edward? Your intent was clear!" I replied. I then continued with my thoughts, to the rest of the family. If I agreed, I would be giving a loud and clear message that I felt marriage to him was so irrelevant, that I would use it as a way of getting immortality and sex. How by doing this he had made it impossible for me, if I refused I would have to age and die and leave him. How I didn't think I could live like that permanently, staying with him knowing I didn't, in his eyes deserve a real or proper proposal and marriage. Feeling as if I was basically' Damned if I do! Damned if I don't!' That I felt sick to my stomach, as I stared at him. Edward sat with his head in his hands, sobbing. "How could you think all that?" he begged of me. "Because Edward, you never want to discuss the future. My change, anything that is important to me is swept aside as immaterial by you, every time. So I have to draw my own conclusions be they right or wrong!" I tell him honestly. "Dear god you're just back and you seem to be going to continue down the same path, to our annihilation by your own hand". "Do you want to know why I insisted everyone was present for this?" I asked and he nodded his head. "Because if we had done it alone you would have started telling me what I thought and wanted without actually letting me tell you myself and God Damn It Edward! I would have let you dazzle me into submission, just like every other time". I gasped in a breath and carried on, "I love you, you know, but sometimes I don't really like you at all. You seem to want to forget that I'm different now! Seven months of heartache changed me Edward. I will not lie down like a doormat for you anymore. This is my life and I will have my say in how it plays out!" I was in tears now; they were silently rolling down my face. I explained that I had wanted a way to prove to him that what he'd done on Friday was beyond wrong. But now thought it was probably cruel and redundant as our problems were bigger than just that fiasco. He asked what I had done so we explained it, how to get other woman's opinions we had written the fan fiction. "And did you get any reactions?" Carlisle asked. I nodded and whispered "Lots". Edward asked to see them, I begged him not to take them all to heart as some were pretty mean, to remember they just thought it was a made up story. Esme suggested I clean up and get some lunch. Everyone scattered to give him some privacy and Jasper and Emmett to other computers to see the comments themselves. About fifteen minutes later we heard an almighty crash. "You owe me an new laptop" shouted Alice. I hovered in the doorway, watching him pace back and forward. He had a terrible look of pain on his beautiful face. I could barely stand it, so stepped into his path. Gripping him tightly as he went to pull away. "Don't Edward; I didn't say that was how I felt totally. Just that I wanted to see if other woman agreed that it was an unacceptable ultimatum you gave me. That's all I wanted to prove, but they took it beyond that" I told him. "Do you think I'm rigid and inflexible?" he asked, "About something's, Yes Edward you are. You're like a kid who says they don't like eating greens, when they have never even tried them. How do you know unless you try? Baby steps are all I'm asking for, but I need you to try Edward" I said softly. "I also want you to stop saying what I'd miss if I wasn't human. Because even if you leave me again, I will Never marry if it's not you, Never have children who are not yours or move on, how can you move on from your Soul Mate to just some guy? It will Never happen accept that" I told him firmly. He crushed me to his chest tightly "I'll try, I promise" he whispered in my ear. "I do Love you, Want you, Need you Forever" he sighed quietly. We spent the rest of the day just talking and for once telling each other our wants and fears. The others helped by giving Edward their own memories of when they met and how they felt confused but together got through it. That was the key, sharing everything; Edward just had to grasp that. I may be physically weak as a human, but I was not emotionally weak because of it. I felt we were actually getting somewhere at last and for the first time together. The future didn't look so bleak anymore. Maybe one day I would get a real proposal after all, but I was in no hurry.