also began to feel worried. "Who came for me?" Jayson shrugged and only pulled me closer as we heard the sounds of a fight coming closer and closer than it had been a couple of hours before. "Something's happening and I don't like it." Jayson took a deep breath and nodded, before pushing himself up and picked up a light-weight pipe that could be used as a bat and came back down next to me. I grabbed onto his arm lightly for support, but I knew in the end it would do nothing to save either of us. We had spent the last couple of hours stuck down hear, our hope dying along with my heart. I wasn't going to live to ever see Paul again. Jayson moved to keep a close arm around as the door leading upstairs was thrown open and suddenly we were under fire. Jayson slipped a hand under the crook of my knee and somehow managed to hide us behind the big table, still able to see the fight going on. "Where are they!?" My eyes weakly fluttered up at the sound of such a familiar voice that I knew was too good to be true. "It's too late. You've run out of time." I peeked out from the small opening and before my eyes was Paul Lahote. He growled and shook his head not believing a single word coming out of my "father's" mouth. "You're lying, they're still alive. She's still alive." He grinned and managed to spot my carefully hidden head and grinned maliciously. "If they aren't dead yet, then they will be now." . 2 Hours Before "Hey, hey, hey. Look at me, we'll be okay, okay? You'll be okay. Just please, stay with me, Lyssa, your my forever. Please don't leave me like this. You promised. Lyssa, please." I smiled weakly, but even I knew it was more of a grimace from the pain. I wasn't going to live to see tomorrow, and he knew it as well. "Please, Lyssa! Please!" He sobbed into my hair, my hand searching for his to anchor both him and myself. "No, no, no. It'll be okay. The ambulance is coming. Please Lyssa, it'll be okay. Please. We still have so much to live for. Please, you're my forever. Please! I Love You!" . 48 Minutes Earlier "Please, shoot me. Leave her. Please." I shook my head with all the will power left in me and watched as my "father" point the gun at the love of my life and I screamed from my trapped position on the hospital bed. . 12 Minutes Earlier There were no words said as I looked at the chaos around me. Jayson was killed, the nurses and doctors shot to death, my "father" having fallen to his own doom by his own hand. And I sobbed, all there was left was Paul who was slowly bleeding out on the floor. "I'm sorry," He paused to breath in through his shot ribs, having taken 4 bullets. "Lyssa, you're my forever," He coughed and tried to regain his breath as I sobbed. "I love you." . 3 Minutes Earlier I reached out with my good arm and managed to wrap my hand around the beautiful, deadly weapon and spun it in my hand gently. I looked down at Paul, who looked like he was sleeping peacefully, but I knew that wasn't the case. If only, I had wished. I took one last deep breath and put the gun to my head. . Present Time "STOP! Please! Lyssa, no. You can't. It'll be okay, just trust me, trust us. Paul will be okay." I shook my head, tears falling rapidly as I thought back to all the good times we spent and how I'd never see those beautiful chocolate eyes again. "Lyssa, we lied to you. Please, Paul will be okay." "Lyssa!" My hand began to shake from the various cries of my name. "Please, Lyss, put the gun down. We can fix this." "You- You ca-can't. He- he's g-gone." They all held their breaths, no one making a move to get any closer, too afraid I would pull the trigger, as they spit out truth after truth about werewolves, and imprints, and how Paul was not dead. But I couldn't bring myself to listen, I was already too far gone into the dark caverns. No thought left, no regret, no remorse. And I held my hand steady, finger firm on the trigger, my eyes wide open to see the horrified expressions on their faces, and that was it. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . That, was it. Because I never got to say it back. I love you. A/N: So, this kind of happened. I had this on my drive for a couple of years and finally decided to finish it and I've never been so proud of myself. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this, and if you did you can check out my other stories or my Ao3 account: luke_is_a_kirby Please review and let me know if you guys enjoyed it, I didn't like the ending, but it was the best I could write and the only reason why I held back on posting earlier. Also thank you to Hetu for being the first reviewer, I normally don't do this because it was just a single upload, but since I reupoladed it, I thought it'd be right thank you for your review, it really meant a lot to me and I hope you see this! Review! Till Next Time! :) Word Count: 5,676 Published: 04.12.17 Edited: 03.20.17 Reposted on 07.14.17 because of some technical issues with my with that ended up deleting the story when I tired to fix some errors, but it's okay because I had a copy saved in my USB, sorry for the inconvenience, but it is back up, and thanks for reading.