put with the Cullen's for protection, once I had escaped, my brother and his girlfriend had managed to escape before me, which I'm glad about because Charlotte was close to death when they escaped. We were tortured whilst we were under Maria's roof. Which is another reason I cannot go back home, because Alice told me that I should have gotten over it by now." "Bloody hell, Bella did you know this? What do you mean tortured? This isn't something you ever get over." Charlie whispered, sorrow filling his voice. "No I didn't know this, I knew there was a story but I didn't know this." Bella stated, tears falling down her face. I sighed knowing I shouldn't have told them that, but I took my shirt off and stood under the light. Thinking back to a time where I didn't these crescent moon's covering my body. "Jesus, are they bite marks?" Charlie murmured rhetorically. I stared into Bella's eyes as I answered, "Yeah, but the doctors don't know what caused them." She rubbed the scar James left on her wrist. Charlie looked thoughtful for a second before saying, "What else did they do to you?" I froze in fear, I had forgotten how perceptive the Swan's were. "They killed...my family," I swallowed unnecessarily, only slightly aware of the doorbell ringing, "And they made me...kill...someone." I was shaking so much I had collapsed to the floor, sobbing. Arms wrapped around my body. "Fuck Major. It's ok, she's never going to get you again." A male voice murmured gently. I breathed in deeply, steadying my emotions before I sent them to everyone by accident. "Help me up Peter." I croaked. Once I was standing a tiny body rushed towards me and I was engulfed in warmth. I could feel the sobs wracking through her body and I ran my fingers through her hair in a calming gesture. "Bella and Chief Swan, I'd like you to meet my brother, Peter and his wife, Charlotte. They saved my life, once Charlotte was fully healed, they came back to find me and helped me escape." I stated proudly. "Thank you for saving him." Bella murmured into my chest. Peter grinned, "It's no problem, Sweets." Charlotte smiled shyly, "Sorry for intruding on your home, Chief Swan." "Please call me, Charlie. It's no problem at all. A friend of Jasper's is a friend of mine." Bella raised her eyebrow at her father. "What? He saved your life, I trust him." I was stunned, "Wow thanks Chi...Charlie." "Charlie, would you mind if I talked with my brother alone for a second?" Peter asked suddenly. "Yeah, sure. Um, Bells we should go in the kitchen, make dinner?" He answered slowly, understanding this was a serious talk. I had no idea what this was about, as Bella and her father vacated the room, I tried to figure out what the interrogation was about. "Charlotte, this includes you, I think, so I'd like you to stay. Why didn't you tell us Maria killed your family?" Peter stated, his expression fierce. I couldn't lie to them, as much as I wanted to, so I told them the truth, "Because if I had you would have blamed yourself." I whispered, almost too quiet for us vampires to hear. "What do you mean we'd blame ourselves?" Charlotte murmured, emotions turning to grief. I looked at my sister and all I could feel was pain, pain for putting my family through this, decades after it happened, pain for remembering everything over again. And then the pain escaped, filtering through my mind and leaking out, bleeding into the room and I didn't even notice, until my sister hit the floor. Peter groaned, holding his stomach, "Jasper...Pull it back...You're killing us...Major!" The shock of my brother yelling my demon name at me, made the emotion's snap back. I gasped, "I am sorry. I am so so sorry. Sorry..." Bella rushed through the door and grabbed my hand, "What's wrong with Jasper, I could feel that from next door?" "...I am sorry..." I rocked backwards and forwards, reliving the moment where the Major killed my niece. Charlotte reached out and placed her hand on my knee as Peter slipped on to the sofa beside me. "Who did you kill, you obviously loved them, who did you kill?" Peter said softly, placing his hand on my cheek. "...I'm sorry, it wasn't my fault...I'm sorry..." Bella straddled my waist and put her forehead next to mine, "Who'd you kill, we love you Jasper but we need to know?" I stared into her eyes, "...niece..." I croaked. She swallowed hard, closing her eyes as they started to water, "Who's Niece?" "Mine," I closed my eyes, as I felt the rage building in Peter next to me, "I'm sorry." "It's not your fault..." Charlotte started. "I'm gunna fucking kill that fucking bitch." Peter snarled, his red eyes turning black. Charlie appeared in the doorway, "What the hell is going on?" He exclaimed as he watched Peter pacing by the coffee table, emitting a loud growl. "Peter...Peter..." I said getting no answer, "Captain. Stand down!" He shuddered at my tone but his eyes returned to normal and he nodded his thanks. "Why did you say we'd blame ourselves?" Charlotte asked fearfully. "Because it was punishment for letting you escape." I whispered, looking at the floor. Peter was the first to recover from the shock, "Why didn't you tell us? Did you not trust us enough?..." I stopped listening as the amount of disappointment and pain crashing from my brother overwhelmed me and forced it's way through my defences. "Peter, please stop." I said breathlessly. "No Jasper. We trusted you and you kept that away from us. You told us that Maria didn't torture you because of us leaving..." He continued, all his pain being concentrated at one being, Me. And I ran. Ignoring the calls after me, I ran away from the only loving family I ever had in the Vampiric world.