want to read the most is the only one that I can't read." "People have hated and feared us as much as vampires. You seem too good to be true, and I don't want to lose you. I couldn't hide it from you after the risk you took by telling me that you're a vampire." "Can you tell me about your abilities? You certainly smell human-" for some reason that made Bella uncomfortable. Did she stink or something? She tried to discreetly sniff her hair and he laughed. "Sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. And don't worry, you smell too good." "Oh, uh...thanks?" "You are most welcome." He chuckled. "I only meant to say Carlisle has a theory about gifted vampires already showing traces of their vampire abilities when they were human. He thinks that the change only magnifies it because our brains become more efficient. I'm wondering if your existence explains it." Bella thought about it for a moment before answering. "There are different levels of magical ability. It's pretty rare, but sometimes you'll meet someone with a high level of ability and you can feel the magic radiating off of them. If you need something big they're the ones you want. Very few people are that strong, though. Most people aren't that powerful. Some people can barely make an object twitch. Others are only able to do one specific thing, and the rest of their magic is too weak to do anything else. For instance, for some reason Renee is only good at luck charms." This time Edward began to laugh hard. "Hey, what's so funny?" "I'm sorry, it's just that you are by far the most unlucky human I've ever met. You've somehow managed to move into the one town populated by a family of vampires, have nearly been killed in a car accident, and were nearly hurt by a group of thugs your first time in Seattle since you moved here." "From my perspective I must be the luckiest person I've ever met." Bella countered. "I met you and you've saved me twice. Who knows, with my luck I'd probably be dead without her charms." "It's hard to argue with that. What about you? What are your abilities?" "I can do some low level spells, but that's it, nothing terribly useful unless you lose things frequently or need a quick boost in your mood." "Sorry, we have perfect memories and an empath for that." "Then I guess you're out of luck." " I wouldn't say that. All I need is you." "Oh, then I guess we're covered." Bella settled back into Edward's arms. "You know, for someone who claims that you skin is harder than diamond, you're very comfortable." Now that her secret was out she suddenly felt exhausted, and she had to force herself to stay awake. "Sleep Bella. I promise I'll still be here when I wake up." As promised, when Bella woke up the first thing she saw was Edward's face. He looked as handsome as ever, and his was still a little messed up from the position they had been laying in. The sight of him was enough to make her heart flutter, even if she wasn't quite enough to articulate all that. "Morning." She mumbled. "Good morning love. How did you sleep." "Good." She mumbled. His eyebrows furrowed, shifting his expression of bliss to one of concern. "Let me make you breakfast. I'm not sure I trust you with anything sharp when you're like this," he said doubtfully. "I'm fine with cereal, really. Just let me get ready and I'll meet you in the kitchen to show you how I eat." Bella got dressed and brushed her hair and teeth with what must have been record speed, because seven minutes later she was down stairs digging through the cabinets. "Hmm, where did Charlie put it...ah hah! There it is." She waved a box in the air. "Luck charms?" Before she even turned around to look at him she could from his voice that he was amused. "You know what the box says- "They're magically delicious!"" A goofy grin grew across her face. He wore one that matched hers, which made Bella want to grin more. "I imagine it's a lot easier than going out and catching a mountain lion." "It's also considerably more convenient. Speaking of mountain lions, tonight I'm going hunting, but tomorrow, I was wondering if you'd like to meet my parents." Wasn't it a little soon for that? Maybe not. After all, being with Edward felt right somehow. She couldn't explain it, but who was she to question the feeling? "They'll love you, magic or not. I'll be with you the whole time, so I'm certain they'll behave-not that I'm putting you in any real danger-they'd never hurt you. Carlisle's taken an oath to save lives, and the rest of my family would never purposefully hurt a human, or anyone else for that matter. If anything they'll be quite interested to hear about your abilities if you choose to share it with them." "Edward-" "You don't have to if you don't want to. You hardly know them, so no one will blame you for not trusting total strangers with your secret." "Of course I'll go, and if they're allowing a strange human into their home the least I can do is be open with them too." "Excellent. I should probably go before you father wakes up, but I'll be back later if you want me to come." "I'd like that." Author's note: I'm going to be honest; I never expected this to be so long. I have at least one more part, maybe two, before it's done, and it's already seven pages in. It was only supposed to be five at the most, but that's writing for you. Anyway, I hope you've enjoyed it. Please consider reviewing to let me know what you think. I respond back to all non anonymous reviews! Sincerely, The Eager Scribbler