We had dreams and plans, Edward!" I screamed, tears rolling down my face. I was watching it all fall to pieces. " Hell, I don't know, Bella, but I know I can't pretend to be someone I'm not. So, tell me, are you in this with me?" I shook my head at him, tears still falling. "Edward, I love you, but I'm going to Athens." " If you leave, Bella, that's it. It's over." Edward looked hopeful, but that hope disappeared as I turned and walked out the door. "Edward, had I not walked away, we would have ended up hating each other. Maybe you would have ended up where you are now, or maybe not, but I don't regret following my dream." I looked at him, hoping he would understand. "I regret we weren't able to support each other, but I don't regret leaving," I clarified. "I know. I was selfish and hurt, which was not a healthy combination. I should have told you what was going on, but instead, I forced you to choose." He looked into my eyes. "Bella, you chose right. I need you to know, you made the right choice. It hurt like hell at the time, but you're right. We wouldn't be sitting here, having this conversation had you caved in back then. You would have ended up hating me in the long run." "I missed you, so much," I told him honestly. "Every day, I missed you." "Me, too," he said simply. We sat there for a while, both of us staring across the water. The silence this time wasn't uncomfortable. It felt natural. It felt like we were both seventeen again and getting a 'do-over' . I broke the silence. "Do you believe in fate, Edward?" He looked contemplative as he looked in my eyes. He didn't respond with words. Instead, he leaned in, tilting his head, his eyes never leaving mine. When his lips were hovering just over mine, he whispered, the soft breath tickling my lips as they softly touched my skin. "Yes." The kiss began slowly as his lips ghosted over mine, lips touching yet not quite touching. Slowly, he increased the pressure of the kiss. I remembered this boy's kisses: demanding, needy. This man's kisses were all of that but so much more. They told of want, need, but it was a more mature want and need. Patience was present where it used to be lacking. It was my tongue that darted out, begging for his. For the first time in years, I felt it all—all the emotions, all the sensations, all the love I'd been missing. Our bodies knew this dance, but it was a tango now, not the flailing dance of our youth: tongues finally touching, playfully at first, morphing to uncontrolled desire. Hands moving, wandering, exploring new territory; expanses of skin that were then just a shadow of what they had become. Edward didn't ask permission, he didn't need to. He reached down and pulled the bottom of my tank top up. I raised my arms, not taking my eyes off his until the fabric momentarily blocked the view. Reaching around behind me, he unclasped my bra, his fingers far more able than they once were. Breasts exposed, eyes wandered, mouth to skin, the sensations of being devoured overtook me. I reached down, unbuttoning those jeans that looked so delectable on him, yet wanting them off. He chuckled against the skin of my neck where he'd been lavishing his attention. He broke away, too soon, and I whimpered. He chuckled again and stood, pushing his pants and boxers off. I looked up at him. His body clothed was a sight to behold, but this man exposed, physically and emotionally, was The David: the perfect representation of man. In the dimmed light, the ink reminded me that sometimes roads can merge into a long forgotten path. Standing, I shimmied out of my shorts and lace. I stood before him exposed, open for him. When he finally entered me, slowly, I felt complete. As his hips rose and fell, creating friction, I bucked back against him, trying to pull him completely into me. The connection we'd had was there, but like everything else, it was more. Reaching orgasm had not always happened easily for me, but as his thrusts dug deeper, hit harder, I felt mine building. I didn't have to concentrate on me; I was able to concentrate on him, on us, as his thrusts became more erratic, faster, harder. "Bella, God, please tell me you're close." His voice sexier than I'd ever heard it. And I tumbled over the edge, digging my fingers into his shoulders as I pulled him tighter against me, harder in the spot where our road diverged. As I clenched around him, he shuddered and spilled inside of me. He pulled me with him as he rolled over and leaned in to place a soft kiss on my lips. We laid on the sand, side-by-side, and he pointed to an empty space on his arm, close to his wrist. At closer look, it wasn't entirely empty; it was an unfinished bird: a swan. He whispered softly, "Now, I can finally finish this part of my journey." Smiling, I whispered, "It's about time." And it was. It was time to put the past behind us. It was time to move forward on a new path to the future. Together. This man covered in ink and dressed in flannel, torn jeans, and boots owned me. We'd always been heading toward the same destination; we just took different paths to get there. He was no longer the boy I left behind when I was seventeen, but he was always the person I was destined to love. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.