relaxing and the sword she had folded back into the brush she held. " Reaper, it is good to see you. Many of years since I have laid my eyes upon your maiden face. What brings you to this village of rain and woods? " She asks in her native tongue; her thick Grecian accent coming forth. "To protect this young Witch; a favour for Lenore." I state simply, jerking my head towards Angela. Athene or Athena and I had last spoken three days after I had saved Angela and I had mentioned Lenore, her being here would know who was supernatural and what species they were along with any association they held to others. "Ah yes, well best take a seat… Isabella. Well find a free easel Miss Mortifer and then we will begin once everyone is here. You are lucky, we are beginning the set of our own minds pictures, and what do you see. I am very intrigued on what you will paint." She told me, her voice shifting back to English and a very natural American accent just as Jasper walked through the doors. "Mister Hale, you were beaten to class today. Well, your easel is still by the window if you wish to continue on with your painting, if not you could help Miss Mortifer here." Athene stated gesturing to where I now sat; I gave her a scowl which in turn earned me a knowing smile, one full of calculations. She wasn't just the Goddess of Arts after all, she was mainly known as the Goddess of Wisdom and War. Jasper cast me a long look before nodding, "I can help Miss Mortifer, ma'am." He drawled out before making his way to me just as the other students began to pile in. "I know what you are." Jasper whispered too soft for human ears as he stopped by my side, my body stiffened as a hiss escaped my lips. "Don't worry, I only know. You were the one who saved me from death and caused Maria to let me change." He finished. I cast him a look and took the paints that he handed me and added them to the pallet I picked up from the side of the easel. I dipped my brush in the medium before the colour and began to paint as I stared at Jasper. "How do you know?" I ask simply after five minutes of silence. "My brother, my venom brother is clairvoyant, he is never wrong. That and your face, I saw it when you grew angry and it flickered. Why did you save me, I know who you are Reaper and I know that people like me you reap, why… I just need to know why…" He trailed off, his eyes pained. "I wasn't going to save you, I was going to let those beasts kill you for you would kill many not yet ready to be taken from this earth but your grandfather gave me a better offer that I have yet to use." I state, going back to the image before me. It was of Jasper's grandfather, his eyes glowing the brilliant blue of a Jinn's wrath. "Grandfather? What could a human offer you in exchange?" He asked causing me to snort, a very human thing to do I must say. "Your grandfather is a Jinn, a royal none the less and you were not a mere human either, your mother was a Fae, so in turn you were a FaeJinn, not rare but uncommon." I state simply, stunning him. "...Okay." He replies simply, as if my answer explained many of questions since birth. "Then why are you hear, if not to reap me?" He asked causing me to pause and frown, he seemed trustworthy and the words his grandfather spoke rang throughout my mind, i would need him sometime soon. "I am here because the vampires you call family, Alice and Edward, are after Angela. They have been watching her and stalking her home at night." I state blandly and yet truthfully. His eyes darkened as he flashed a quick look behind him to a seeming oblivious Angela before turning back to me. "I knew they were being deceiving, running off at night for long periods of time but I like the rest of my family didn't know what they were up to." He told me, his voice filled with rage and venom. Even without his empathy I knew he was speaking the truth and this amazed me, his soul may be dark but he doesn't let the darkness consume him like others have done, he fights for those white flecks of pure white to be redeemed. "Then, you can help me when I cannot be here. I need to reap at night, and I need to make sure she is safe. I know all about you Major, if you cannot your venom brother then." I inform him before beginning to put away my art supplies, the small canvas complete. "For you. Your grandfather." I tell him before making my way to Angela who shot me a curious look wanting explanations. "Oh and Whitlock, we never had this conversation." I tell him over my shoulder, smirking. "I'll explain tonight before I have to leave." I whisper to Angela who nodded. Though I was unsure of telling Jasper the truth something within me trusted him, beside the fact of the Jinn's Seers words something within me shifted. Something I haven't felt since the Originals began to wither away. "Isa… Why did I see you with another like you? Mom said you were the last of your kind." Angela whispered confused, leaving me with many questions and an aching heart. If there was another like me left, then why didn't they seek me out? A/N: Here is a collab between WhiteWolfLegend and I! It won 2nd for The TwisciFi fantasy contest for Voters choice AND Best Collab :P WWL: So Please review... TDFS: To be continued...?