his ears perked up and he scampered off of Alice's shoulder, down her body to the floor where he run up my leg and onto my shoulder "Aw buddy I missed you too," "I kept him in the family room that way he'd have company while you were gone, he missed you." I gently rubbed Chap's head and walked over to my sister, hugging her tight, she hugged me back and kissed the top of my head. "Thank you Alice, I owe you," "You owe me nothing Chris, I missed you, we all did. I'm just glad you're back." "Backish," I replied "may need a few more sessions on the couch before I'm back 100%" I added grinning, Alice reached over and hugged me again "How are you feeling?" she asked, in a serious voice "Better than I was Alice I promise." "I'm sorry Chris," I raised an eyebrow and slid Chap back into his cage. "For what?" "I should have seen it coming Chris, warned you…I feel responsible for what happened and what happened afterwards." I put a hand on my sister's arm and stopped her right there "Alice, it wasn't your fault." I explained "none of it." I paused "I don't even blame myself anymore…" Alice looked at me expectantly "not entirely, there's still enough blame on me, but none on you or any of you for that matter, just on me." "Chris, it wasn't your fault," I nodded but wasn't going to argue with my sister, it's safer that way. "can I tell you something?" "Sure," Alice looked so defeated so hurt I didn't want her to tell me anything, it was clearly hurting her. "Chris, before the Volturi came, I…" she sat down on my window seat and couldn't look at me. I sat down next to my sister timidly and put an arm around her shoulder "Alice you don't have to," "Chris I saw Jane's decision, I knew nothing would change that, there was nothing I could do, nothing any of us could do. But I couldn't tell you, you looked so happy so content I've never seen you look that way and I didn't want to end that, even though I knew it was going to end. This was my fault Chris and I am so ashamed." "Alice, please" I hugged her tight "please stop blaming yourself. Even if you did see what was going to happen you just said it yourself you couldn't stop it, I was an idiot to try and choose my own happiness over my family." I took a deep breath "and Jane was right, sorta." "Chris no she was never right about anything." "She was about one thing, Bree wasn't my one, I know that now, she might have been eventually, but the…whatcha call it, the moment you knew Jasper was the one." "Chris that was a vision," "Yeah but it was a vision of Jasper, just like that moment Carlisle knew Esme was the one, the moment Edward knew Bella was the one. That kind of thing. What is it that you guys are always saying about each other? you knew it instantly. I didn't feel it with Bree. It was more of a…a protection I think, she was my physical age, she was brought into this life without her consent and something about that really hit a cord with me so what I thought was love was as Jane said a projection." "Chris are you." "I'm sure Alice, it took me an entire month to figure it out, but of everything that happened that night I am most certain of this stuff. I wanted to protect Bree, help her. Do what Carlisle…literally what being a part of a family did for me." I paused "it just wasn't mean to be and I know that know." I shrugged "anyways, seriously enough about my depression extravaganza. What's been going on around here? What have I missed?" Alice smiled wide, she reached into her pocket and pulled out an envelope. Inside was an invitation, for Bella and Edward's wedding. I knew they had been talking about it, and I knew that my brother had proposed before the battle. "This is going to be so exciting!" Alice exclaimed and you know what the best part about it is?" I looked at my sister carefully and I could read exactly what the 'best part' of it was, it was written all over her face and her body language. "Bella made the amateur mistake and gave you full control over her wedding?" Alice's grin told it all, I chuckled and rolled my eyes. "She has no idea what she's in for huh?" "Oh of course she knows and it won't be as bad as you think Christian." I grinned "Now are we talking Emmett and Rose's twentieth renewal/second wedding or their thirtieth?" Alice couldn't look me in the eyes as she rocked back and forth, trying to look innocent. "oh god…not their fiftieth! That was insane. Please don't tell me you're going that route." She still wouldn't answer me and I groaned, trying not to laugh, Bella was not going to like Alice's plan at all, in fact there was seriously a good chance our future sister was going to kill Alice. But on a positive note, it would be fun to sit back and watch the entire wedding event unfold, this was going to be hilarious nonetheless. Alice hugged me once more "glad you're home Chrissy, we really missed you." She kissed my cheek and skipped out of my room before I could answer her. I looked over at Chaplin who was watching contently on my desk. He had moved from my shoulder at one point and was gnawing on a sunflower seed. "Well, I see she fattened you up nicely, been spoiled Chap?" Chaplin looked up at me and squeaked a little before returning to his sunflower seed. I looked around my room again and sighed "definitely good to be home."