knows what we are?" Emmett asked. "That could cause problems." Rosalie said glaring at over at Mena. Jasper snarled at her in warning, so Rosalie looked away from Mena though she still frowned. "Don't get any ideas, Rosalie. Or you'll have to answer to me." Jasper threatened. FILOMENA'S POV: I walked down the hall heading for my last class of the day, which was biology. I had it with Bella, so the two of us walked together in the hall. Mike also decided to tag along since he had the class as well, and if he doesn't stop yammering, I'm going to hit him... hard . We walked into the classroom with my eyes immediately landing on Edward Cullen. Damn. Edward looked up as we entered, and as Bella was passing in front of the fan, Edward stiffened up while covering his nose. I narrowed my eyes as my theory of him and his family being vampires looking more plausible by the second. Mike introduced us to Mr. Molina, who greeted Bella and I kindly, as I moved my eyes off Edward. Mr. Molina signed Bella and my slips then gave us out books. Great...more books...in English. I wonder if I can buy copies in Greek off Amazon or something. Cause if I don't, I'm sure I'll be plagued with headaches. "Now, where to put you two?" Mr. Molina muttered as he looked around. "Ah, Ms. Swan, you can take the free seat beside Mr. Cullen." I watched silently as Bella walked towards Edward. He leaned away from her while still keeping his hand over his mouth. Bella had to smell really good to him if he was trying not to breath. "And, Ms. Black, there isn't any more free seats, but I'm sure Mike and Eric will be okay with sharing their table." Mr. Molina said. Gods, help me. I nodded my head silently as I went to join Mike and Eric at their lab table. Mr. Molina got a spare stool to place at our table as Mike gestured for me to take the middle seat. This just keeps getting worse. Eric I can handle, but if I'm stuck next to Mike with no way of escape, I don't know what might happen. I sat down as class started. I barely paid attention through class, however, as I made sure to keep my eye on Edward. He was glaring at Bella all through class, and I could see she was uncomfortable. Before the bell even rang, Edward was up and out of his seat. He was out the door when the bell officially rang, and I shook my head. Someone wasn't good at being discreet. "Wonder what his problem is." Mike said. "No clue." I said then nudged him out of my way. I slid my bag onto my shoulder while walking over to Bella who seemed troubled. "You okay?" I asked. She nodded mutely, so I knew she was lying. I then saw Edward had left his binder behind in his haste. Bella saw it too, and she hesitantly picked it up as if it might explode. "He might need this." Bella said. I could see she didn't look comfortable with the idea of dealing with Edward Cullen again, and I sighed. "I'll return it to him." I said. "If you turn this into the office for me." I held up my slip to her, and she looked at me gratefully as we swapped. I left the room going to find Edward. I headed for the parking lot first since he'd have to go there anyway, and he was in an obvious hurry to leave. I walked out the door then went down the steps into the parking lot. I didn't see Edward, but my eyes did land on his family as they gathered around a silver volvo. I walked towards them while ignoring the glare Rosalie Hale sent my way. I went to Jasper since he was closer, and a light seemed to glow in his eye as he looked at me. Okay...weird. "Your brother left this behind in class." I said holding it out to him. Rude since I didn't introduce myself? Maybe a bit. But I wasn't sure if I should play nice with vamps. Since they could try to eat me. "Thank-you." He said with a southern accent. He reached out to take the binder, and his fingers brushed against mine. I fought the urge to jerk my hand back when I felt his ice cold touch. "Yes, Edward did leave in a rush." Alice said. "He left to see some family in Alaska, and he must have forgot all about it." I nodded my head silently as I put my hands into my pocket. They were acting very docile for vamps, but they're predators...wolves in sheep clothing pretty much. Which means I don't trust them. "I'm Alice by the way." Alice said with a friendly smile. "This is my boyfriend, Jonas." Jonas nodded to me with a kind smile, and I returned the gesture. I suppose I can't be too rude to them. "And that's Rosalie and Emmett." Alice said pointing to the two who kept their distance. Well, Rosalie was, and she was still glaring at me. Well, fuck you too, bitch. Emmett was looking at me curiously with a large grin on his face. "And last, but no least is Jasper." Alice said looking to Jasper. "Ma'am." He said dipping his head as if tipping a hat. "Nice to meet all of you." I said. "I'm Mena Black." I then heard someone calling my head, so I turned my head seeing Angela. She was over by her car, and waving me over. "Well, I guess I'll be seeing you all around." I said to the Hale-Cullen family. "We hope so." Alice said. I nodded while noticing how Jasper kept his eyes on me the entire time even as I was leaving. I really need to talk to someone about them.