interested in me like that. I was the only one over sixteen years of age to not have imprinted. It was simple, you phase, you control it and then you fall freakishly in love with someone you've never looked twice at before and go on your merry way, usually within the next six months. Surely fate had to be fucking with me. If my bloodline was so strong why didn't it happen right away? I had even become Alpha with the hopes it would force it along. I must have spent years thinking about it. I thought of it at least two or three times a day once we all realized how normal it was for it to happen, because everything us wolves do is normal. Damn everyone and everything! Years ago I'd seen the havoc imprinting had on lives, for all the joy it could bring I still hated it for that. No matter how happy I saw the members of my pack, my family, now in the smallest, darkest, deepest cavern of my heart I secretly, silently wished it had, still might happen for me but ultimately I resented it. I remember talking to dad about it. "You'll find her son. She'll come to you." I simply told him there was no one for me now. The girl I loved, the woman I always would love, the one who held my heart was gone, lost to me forever and she wasn't ever coming back. He just told me to move on then. Like it was that easy... No matter which way I sliced it imprinting hadn't worked for me, fate, it had fucked up. The God's had shot themselves in the foot because if imprinting didn't exist I wouldn't be alone, she would have been here, alive, with me. Over the years I'd learnt not to think about what I would be doing now, what we would be doing now, I simply focused on one day to the next. Sitting on this awful beach, in the rain again, I couldn't help but remember the conversation we'd had sitting here no more than fifty meters from this spot. I had begged, on my knees; telling her it didn't matter, it never would, that she was the only one for me. Ever. I could see she didn't believe it. Damn me if I'd known about marking then, I would have told her, maybe she would have took the chance then. "My feelings aside Jake. If I was her and found you should be mine, knowing you were or had been with someone else… ever, you'll find her soon." She didn't say that she didn't love me, not that she loved him more, it wasn't because she'd have to stay here. It was the girl that didn't exist. I remembered her eyes that afternoon, I saw how she had considered it, considered us and then I saw the hurt, she couldn't take the chance of becoming second to someone else. I'd have never let that happen. She had always been my everything, she always would be. The first few years the guys thought I was pitiful, they didn't even try to hide their thoughts from me, they believed things would pick up, that I was stupid for not taking anyone until I found my imprint but after she had spoken to me I couldn't, because she was right, if this girl existed I just wanted her. Though, now, I knew if she was out there, if she existed I would have found her by now or she would have found me. The day that was her would-be twenty first Birthday was also the day the packs had become one, the day Sam stepped back to the shadows was the first time they tried. At a club. The perfect place to find the woman you should be with, or so they thought. Damn me if they knew me at all they'd have trolled round classic car shows instead. Yea they really didn't think about that one. All of them but Quil encouraged it, fucking traitor. Why? Because he believed that my 'soul mate' was someone's daughter, granddaughter, someone that hadn't been born yet! That I would find my Claire, even joked that it was their daughter. Pffftt! Ass hole! Fuck this, I'm piss wet through. Nothing ever fucking changed. Getting up I walked a little. She isn't here on this beach, with me celebrating her birthday, she was probably fucking that leech, on an expensive, useless bed, in a huge fucking mansion somewhere where the sun she loved so much, the heat she'd longed for when she first came here was nowhere in sight. Picking up a large green stone I launched it into the sea. She loved this fucking place. She loved me. I loved her. Without all this fucked up mythological BULLSHIT she WOULD be here with me. We would probably have kids, a house, anything she fucking wanted. I'd have given her everything. FUCK-MY-LIFE! I collapsed back onto the sand, arms out stretched to the side, rain pounding on my bare chest, hair sticking to my shoulders and face. I didn't give a shit. She's not fucking coming back. She's DEAD. She's one of them! Stretching my arms out in frustration I groaned. If only I could move on! That hurt, I closed my eyes, thankful for my years of self-control. I didn't want to move on, this way I still held the smallest part of her that I could. Feeling the tremors through my body my wolf tried to push toward my surface, begging to break free. I wouldn't let him, not now; I was so done with this. How long I lay I had no idea, just breathing, eventually I noticed the rain had stopped. It was still overcast–Good. The sun shouldn't shine on days like today. Pulling myself together I tried to rid myself of the fog in my head as I heard a howl. oOo