but I couldn't concentrate on anything other than the wave of hate I felt rolling off of him. It felt as if two weeks had passed by the time the bell rang. He was packed and out of the door before it even stopped ringing. I slowly packed up my bag and pulled it over my shoulder. Mike and Jessica were waiting for me when I turned around. "You ok there Bella? That looked like it hurt." He gently rubbed my arm. I stepped away slowly so that I wouldn't hurt his feelings. Before I could answer Jessica piped, "Which part? Where she fell or where Edward Cullen looked like he wanted to kill her?" I blushed again . Today is not my day. "I'm fine really," I smiled fakely. "Let's head out to the gym." DTD The girls changing room was filled with chattering teenagers. Jessica quickly explained what happened in biology, both the fall and about Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen. So he's Alice's brother. Good genes must run in the family. Angela stood beside me as Coach Clapp took roll call. "Don't worry about Edward. He's always been a bit unfriendly." Her smile was probably meant to be reassuring. But by "a bit unfriendly" I doubt she meant looking at people like he wanted to eat them alive. As gym continued on, from which I was excused from today due to my lack of exercise clothes, I remembered that Alice was supposed to be in my class. Maybe I could ask her what her brothers deal was. But as I looked around the room she was nowhere to be found. Doing so made me look at Mike right as he turned around. He smiled and waved. "Hey Bella!" And for a second I thought Jessica was going to hit him with her badminton bat. I didn't wave back. Alice must have gone home sick before lunch. There was no reason for her to lie to me about her schedule. DTD The drive from the school was only about fifteen minutes and I was glad to be home. The crappy radio in my truck didn't work so all I had were my thoughts. And all I thought about was him. His eyes more specifically. And how they had devoured me whole. If I were in Phoenix my mom would have been waiting for me at the door ready to hear about all the tribulations of my first day. But I was in Forks, and after a day like today, that suited me just fine. I couldn't even make sense of what had happened myself, let alone been able to explain it to my mom. There was still rice left over from when I had made the stir fry yesterday, so I just heated up some beans and put a sweet potato in the microwave. It was 7 pm now and Charlie would be home any second. The microwave finally beeped after minutes that only felt longer when I was forced to do physical exercise. Or have Edward Cullen stare at you . My expression turned sullen. Just then I heard Charlie unlock the front door and come inside. "Bella?" He asked. I rolled my eyes. "Yeah dad it's me." And then softly, "who else?" As he came through the door the smell of pizza assaulted my nose. "I'll just make a bowl for myself and join you on the couch?" I smiled convincingly "Yeah Bella that would be great." I heard him shuffle into the living room and turn on the sports channel. It had only been two weeks and I was already dying of boredom from watching men in uniforms perform team sports together. Though to be honest I had been this bored on the first day too. But it makes Charlie happy. I added all the ingredients to my bowl adding a generous serving of salsa and avocado on top and joined Charlie on the couch. I focused on my food while I could and then brought my dish and Charlie's half eaten pizza into the kitchen. I grabbed two glasses of water and quickly downed mine before bringing Charlie one to the coffee table. He thanked me without looking away from the tv. Then I sat back down beside him. Another ten minutes passed. When I figured I had spent enough time in the same room with him to get my "good daughter" points I mumbled about having to do laundry and went upstairs. Still crumpled in the bottom of my bag were my dirty jeans from this morning. Wow that feels like a million years ago. I took off Alice's white jeans as well and changed into some sweatpants. Grabbing both Charlie's and my laundry hamper I pulled them behind me down the stairs and into the mud room at the back. I treated my black jeans for the stains and put on a load of whites so that I could be sure her pants were ready for tomorrow. In her pocket I found a small folded up piece of paper that had a doctors appointment written on it for today at 12pm. I smiled relieved, she must have just forgotten in the morning when we met. My mom called and I spoke to her briefly about my first day being careful to avoid anything Edward related. She laughed good heartedly when I told her I fell and wished me a good first week. "Love you baby girl." Tears pricked my eyes, "Love you too mama." I put on another load of laundry making sure to let Alice's pants air dry as they looked expensive. The tag read rag & bone which sounded like exactly the kind of jeans that should not be put in the dryer. Lastly I made a small batch of double chocolate cupcakes, setting them on top of the oven to cool before heading to bed. Tomorrow was a new day. But tonight, I dreamt of Edward Cullen all night long.