sat on a bench near the boardwalk on-looking the beach. I liked it, it wasn't tense or awkward it was nice. I notice another tattoo on Isabella on her neck of a moon and a star. If her hair was down I wouldn't have seen it. I wonder if she had any more… "Bella I scored a goal in soccer today," Nick says excitedly. "Really," Bella asks returning his enthusiasm. "Yeah and then Megan kissed me on the cheek," I covered my laugh with a cough. My man the little player. "Really? Did you like it?" "Nope, I didn't like it," He says upset. "Why not?" Bella asks sadly. "Because after she kissed me, Sarah was mad at me but I don't know why. I asked her if she wanted to kiss me on the cheek instead of Megan and she said no, then I ask her if she wanted me to kiss her and she ran away crying," He says upset. Bella laughs out loud and I just rub the back of my head trying not to smile too brightly. " Women," I say and Bella shoves me a little. "I'm sure she was just a little jealous. Tomorrow go up to Sarah give her a big hug and say that she's your best girlfriend," Bella advises. "Really she won't be mad at me anymore," "She shouldn't be," Bella says licking her ice crème. "Ok!" He says perkily. Then he hands me his half eaten ice crème and runs off towards the water without a second thought. "Don't go too far!" I yell after him. "Ok daddy!" He says and Bella smiles as he runs off. "Wow that is a ball of energy you have," She says I laugh. "Yeah around bed time I usually have to sedate him," I say she laughs at my lame joke. "What happened to his mother?" she asks softly. "Didn't want to be a mother, the fact that he's never met her is good and bad in its own right," I say and she nods her head softly. "You're doing a good job. At swimming class all he talks about is my daddy did this and my daddy does that. He really looks up to you," she says. I laugh out loud. "At home all he talks about is you and how cool you are," I say she smiles. "I try," She says laughing as she licks her ice crème. "You look cool to me I mean your tattoos," I say she smiles. "I only got two and this one," She says pointing to the one on her neck. "Was done in my rebellious phase," She says "We all had one of those," I say. She nods her head. "Yeah I'm finally starting to you know think properly," She laughs. "Well any girl whose into literature is cool in my book," "Oh don't even get me started on my love for literature I could go on for days," She says pointing to the tattoo on her back. I laughed. I was doing a lot of that being around her which was odd. Nick is waving his hands in the air. "Daddy. Bella look what I found!" He screams holding up a little crab. He walks up to us with it and Bella laughs as he places it on the bench. They play with it for a little while and then I look at my watch. "Come on we should probably get Bella home so you can get to bed," I say picking him up. "I'm not tired daddy," He says while yawning and Bella giggles. "Sure you're not," I say. "Bella can you come eat Pizza with daddy and me tomorrow after swimming?" He asks. "Um.." Bella says looking at me for affirmation and I shrug mouthing a "Why not". My son liked her we could be friends I guess. Nothing weird with being friends with a hot nineteen year old. Nothing at all. "Sure little guy I'd love to come with you tomorrow," She says. Nick smiles and then rests his head against my shoulder trying to fight of sleep. I get the both of them in the car and then drive Bella to the front of her condo. Nick was awake but he had his thumb in his mouth. Bella wiped his hands with a wet tissue paper before he did because she said he was playing in the sand and his hands got all dirty. She didn't want him putting it into his mouth until she cleaned his hand. My mouth dropped at how motherly she was and how soft she was. You look at her and that's not the impression you get because she was so young. "Bye Bella see you tomorrow," Nick says waving. "Bye have sweet dreams," She says to him. He nods his head and then rests his head on the seat. I knew he'd be out like a light. "Bye Emmett and uh thanks for the ice crème," She says I salute her. "See you tomorrow," I say she smiles in return before entering the building. When she was inside Nick spoke. "You think she's pretty don't you daddy," He says. "Go to sleep you lug," I say shoving him and he just laughs and then I drive off to the big huge house that I shared with my son and got him ready for bed. Then I crawled into my own bed where a woman has never been and sighed, feeling just a little bit happy that I would be seeing Bella tomorrow and I knew that, this could be a very bad thing. But didn't find it in myself to care. Ok so it's a short chapter because it's the first one but. Yes! Exams are done this week I'm so excited soon I'll be updating more often I'm taking summer school but it's only one subject so I'll be updating more often hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW