the v-neck white shirt he had on under a flannel long sleeved shirt. I laughed and grabbed the jacket, shrugging it onto my shoulders. "Thank you. It's very comfortable." His jacket had some fur lining the inside, making it even softer than what it would have been without it. He laughed and nodded his head. "So, aside from handing strange women your jacket what else do you do in your spare time. Do you have a name?" He stepped up and stood beside me, taking a sip of his drinks before responding. "Edward and no I don't have anything better to do than creep around strange women." I laughed and took a sip of my drink. "At least you never get bored." He nodded as his hand went through his hair again. "True, true." We sat in comfortable silence for a little while before Alice appeared before me again. She smiled brightly when she saw Edward standing beside me. "Edward!" Damn, ain't that a coincidence. "Where have you been all night?" He shrugged and I saw her eyes get prepared to roll at him if I wasn't mistaken. "Around." He said vaguely and I'll be damned if Alice's eyes didn't hit the top of her eyelids. "Of course you did." She seemed like she had heard enough of the word 'around'. I chuckled a little. You can definitely could tell they were brother and sister. It seemed strange to me to see siblings bicker. Being an only child was so much different. You got all the attention and all the presents at Christmas. You didn't have to fight anybody to get attention. "Well, now that you have met Edward-" "What is her name then. She gets to know mine then I should get to knows hers." Alice eyes narrowed in daggers and I swear I saw Edward smirk a little. "It's Bella and now as I was saying…. Since you guys already met I was hoping Bella could come over tomorrow so we can hang out and watch movies." My eyebrows raised. "I didn't know we were having a movie date tomorrow?" I chuckled and shoved my shoulder into hers, almost making her fall over with how small she was and maybe the alcohol. She laughed and it sounded like tinkling bells. "Of course we are!" She seemed so confident that I would come. It made me laugh too. I wish I had the kind of confidence where I could tell people and not have a fear of them saying no to me. "Okay, but if you play any stupid movies then we aren't doing it anymore. " She gave me a quick squeeze and squealed a bit. "Great!" She gave another little squeal. "Just shot me a text and we will figure out all the details, cool?" I nodded and smiled. "Yeah, that is cool." With another bounce and wave Alice disappeared into the sea of people leaving Edward and I alone again. I didn't mind it though. He company was welcome to me. "Do you wanna a ride home. I can bring you back tomorrow to pick up your car." He rubbed the back of his neck and shrugged his shoulders. "You know since I haven't drank tonight and you have." I looked at my cup and understood. "Yeah, that would be good thank you." He pointed over his shoulder. "Let me run and tell Alice before she leaves with Jasper." "Okay." He ran off and I emptied the rest of what I had in my cup with one sallow before tossing it in nearby garbage can. I took my last smoke out of my pack and lit it up. The pack fell out of my hands and I bent over to pick it up and throw in away, putting my lighter in the first pocket I found. I inhaled the nicotine easily, letting it hit me slow without giving me a head rush. About halfway through smoking Edward appeared beside me and nodded toward my cigarette. "Now that is a first. Not many smoking woman in Forks." He pointed out as he dug out his own pack of cigarettes and lighter and lit one up. I laughed at the irony of his comment. "Plenty of smoking men though." He chuckled too. "You should see the car repair shop. The two guys that run stay outside all day and do nothing, but smoke cigarettes." I nodded and gave another chuckle. "I believe it." When we finished smoking he led me across the crowd of people to the edge of the woods where I spotted his car sitting a few spots down from mine. "Do you need anything from you car?" I thought about it for a moment. "No i've got my keys and it is locked and I have my phone so I should be good." He nodded and opened the door and I couldn't help, but notice that it was same dark blue Dodge Charger I had noticed earlier from the school parking lot. I smiled a little. At least we had that same type of cars. That was a plus already. Edward helped me into my side before walking and planting himself into the driver's seat. He backed up and sped out onto the gravel in one swift movement. I jerked a little in my seat and he zoomed around the curves without any trouble. "You've been down this road before?" I tried to hide the fear in my voice as we slid around another curve. He gave an affirmative nod. "Oh yeah, every weekend almost." I hummed to let him know that I heard him and a comfortable silence fell over us. About half way through the drive I felt his right hand creep over and rest on my crossed legs. I felt his thumb start to make circles on my knee. Between the alcohol, sleepiness, and Edward's warm hand on my leg I felt my eyelids droop and myself fall into a peaceful sleep.