deep breath he said, "She left". "Bella left?" The two words were enough to set the whole Cullen house in commotion. There was a sudden pin drop silence and Alice felt as if time had frozen. Rosalie and Esme had stopped setting the table and looked at her. Esme had a worried look on her face and Rosalie was already on her phone calling Bella. Carlisle and Jasper had stopped their discussion and tried to understand what was wrong. Emmett and Ira had stopped playing and stood up from the sofa. "Aunt Bella?" Ira said but nobody answered her. "Yesterday..Bella..we fought" Edward said. Yes, it was his mistake that the girl he had been in love for the past ten years had left him. He heard Emmett's voice on the other side saying "Ask him, whether we need to come down there?" Edward smiled, his older brother had always had his back, but this time nobody could save him. "Edward, I have put the phone on loudspeaker. Everybody wants to know what happened. Mom and dad are so worried." Edward grunted in response. He knew it was better to get the conversation over with all of them at the same time than to speak with each of them separately. "Son, what exactly happened?" The cool, soothing voice of his father reminded Edward of his childhood days when his father would tell all of them bedtime stories before they fell asleep. "Dad..I really don't know what happened. We fought yesterday over a stupid issue. Today morning I woke up to find that she was missing." Edward answered. "Didn't you call her?" Emmett's angry voice came through the phone. Edward rolled his eyes. "She left it here, Em." He replied. "Oh my god! Seattle is having a horrible weather today." Rosalie said next. Edward had not noticed that. He glanced towards the east, where the best part of the house was, the entire wall made of glass. It had been Esme's idea and Bella had loved it and insisted on putting it there. Edward drew the blinds and was shocked to see the low hanging black clouds and the rain. How had he missed that? "Oh fuck! Where did she go in this weather? If she gets wet, she falls ill so easily. Bella, love come back." He thought to himself. "Edward, do we need to come there?" came Jasper's voice next through the phone repeating Emmett. Jasper always had a thing about him which made everybody feel relaxed. He wished if he could be there with Jasper at the house at that moment. "No, not now. It has not been twenty four hours, yet. Let us wait for now." Edward did not know what else to do. He could not complain to the cops before twenty four hours had passed. Maybe Bella would return before that. He sincerely hoped that his wish came true. "What happened so bad? You were going to propose to her tomorrow." Alice said. Yes, that was the plan, he was going to propose Bella, tomorrow. He had made his decision. The wait was enough. Edward had everything planned out. He had waited ten long years for this day to come. He had asked for his inheritance from his mother, the ring, with which Grandpa Cullen had proposed to Grandma Cullen. Esme had cried and told her that she was proud of him to make Bella a formal part of her family. "She is the best thing that ever happened to you. Make her yours forever son." His siblings had been thrilled with the idea."Finally, I thought it would never happen." Emmett had said only to be later smacked by Rosalie. The ring was beautiful and simple, nothing extravagant just like his Bella. He had decided to propose to her in the meadow behind The Cullen Residence, where he had confessed to her that it was impossible for him to live without her anymore. She had reciprocated his feelings. Edward had never known so much joy before. He had never believed that he was capable of love. Bella changed him. She was everything he could wish for. A brown eyed angel. He had known the first day he had seen her in the junior year biology class, that he was a Goner. He could follow her anywhere on earth and do anything she told him to do. "I have to go," Edward said to no one in particular. "Keep us informed son." Carlisle said and disconnected the phone. An hour passed by as Edward thought of the past. The rain had grown heavier again. He glanced at the picture on the wall. It was a picture of Bella taken by Jasper. He had captured the moment perfectly. Bella was with Ira, both of them making sand castles on the La Push beach, past Christmas. She looked so happy and carefree with Ira. Edward had noticed that she was a natural with kids. All the kids would come flooding to her in the SCRC whenever Bella would come to visit him. She would bring her own home made food and spend time with them playing and telling stories. Edward knew that when they would have kids, she would be the perfect mother. He wanted to share his whole life with her, to grow old with her. Yes, she was everything to him. He could not breathe without her. He was going to find her even if he had to go the last corner of the fucking planet. Quickly pulling over a shirt and a pair of jeans Edward collecting his wallet, Bella's as well as his phone, his car keys, a coat for Bella and marched out of the house. "Bella" he said. A/N: Initially, I thought I would make it a one-shot, but I got tired of typing. This story has one more chapter which I will post tomorrow, and if not, then definitely by Monday. Do comment, and tell me whether you like it or not?