on the job. Put her in heels or have her run and she's a graceful gazelle, but have her walk out of the woods and she will fall on her face every time. "Well, thankfully it was my left leg this time. I can still drive. Just wrap me up and I'll be good to go," Finally, we get all the hogs and Rose back to the vehicles. she's seated in the driver's seat of the truck she and Edward were in earlier. "Rose, you drive Alice." I grimace. Keeping Edward at arm's length is much easier when he isn't actually within an arms length. "Granny will drive me." I'd much rather him just go away altogether. He starts to protest. "Don't argue with me. Yeah, you did good with that boar, but that was in a group. You are still unproven when it comes to on-the-spot by yourself stuff. Don't worry, though, Rose is a lot slower of a driver than Alice." I laugh. "You should be able to keep up with her." We load back up and put the hogs in the cage trailer that is hooked to the back of the truck. I watch Edward drive. The same muscles that warped his skin while hog tying are at it again. There is a light smattering of golden hairs on his forearms. I'm momentarily distracted by the tanned skin and freckles that dot his skin. The distraction is almost too much, I nearly miss a glimpse of some wild boars making a beeline into the woods. "Stop!" I yell while leaning over the seats to unhook the guys as Edward slams on the brakes. I shoot off toward the woods before he can come to a complete stop. I spy two hogs and take off with the dogs who sprint ahead. Once I catch up, I realize I've made a huge mistake. There are five hogs—three of them are on the larger side—and I'm without backup. I whistle for the guys to retreat, but one of the boars catches Sam by the leg. Why didn't I just retire him? Being stubborn and not wanting to train a new dog could make me lose the best dog I have ever owned. Springing into action, I try to overpower the boar and get him tied off. It's biting and burrowing at Sam's abdomen. If I don't do something, it's going to end up killing him. The boar probably weighs more than I do and throws me off easily. I land on my back, striking my head on a rock. Shots fire before I black out. When I come to I'm back in the jeep. I notice we are no longer parked in the field. We are, however, parked right next to the tree line; I'm assuming to keep Edward's walk short. I touch the back of my head—it's tender but thankfully not bleeding. After scanning the area, I finally find who I'm hunting for—Edward. Not sure how I could have missed him for all the noise he is making grunting behind the truck. He is loading dead hogs into the trailer up, down, and side to side. The dogs are already loaded up and snapped into place. Everything is done. So for the time being, I just enjoy watching him. I watch him move because it's safe. He can't hurt me if I never let him close enough. "Why'd you shoot them?" I barely croak out. "You know we don't kill them. They aren't worth as much dead." He startles and gazes up at me from his work. "You're killing my profit, Granny." I momentarily forget about my throbbing head and flop it back on the headrest to peer up at where the treetops meet the sky. Wincing in pain, I remember. "Sam?" I ask barely above a whisper. All of the dogs I have used in hunts hold a place in my heart because I trained them. Sam is special, though. He will always be the one I trained first and the biggest baby of the lot. "He'll be fine, boss. Rose and Alice went ahead to take him to the vet. Told them I'd load up what I could and then take you back to the farm. You weren't bleeding and I figured you'd be mad if I left the hogs here." Thank Heavens. A piece of me would surely die if I lost Sam. Who else could I tell all my secrets to? Anyone else would judge me, Sam won't. He'll just listen with one ear perched at attention and the other hanging over taking a nap. He quits loading all the dead boars. "Sorry I panicked and killed all your money," he says with a nervous laugh. "I'll make it up to you though. Climbing into the truck, he reaches across the console to touch the back of my head. "Don't. Just don't Edward. I can't…" "Can't? Or Won't?" he asks angrily as he removes his hand. "Both." There is way too much baggage in my life. Way too many complications. A man like him, with so much life behind his eyes, shouldn't be tied down to a woman with a child. If the man who gave me my child couldn't even be bothered to stick with me, no one can. Hope. She's my sole reason for living. A man, no matter how pretty, will always be just that. Something to look at and nothing more. All they cause is heartache and leave you stranded and alone, raising your daughter on your own. Wisely, Edward realizes he isn't getting anything else from me, removes his hand, and turns over the ignition. We leave that field on a bumpy path, headed everywhere but nowhere all at the same time. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.