information that Bells and I just overheard." He paused again, for longer. "You've spoken to Carlisle already? Good, well, we overheard them saying that their plan had failed. They'd hoped that we'd get an instant abortion and annulment." Another pause and Edward said "I know, I know, but that's what they said. I think they knew we were listening in, the first time. I didn't realise it at the time, but our home has photos of the wedding and our sonograms all around. They must have been planning it whilst Bella and I were sleeping." Silence and then Edward was laughing "You are one hell of a genius, Charlie. I'm glad to hear you didn't trust them, even if she is your sister. Bella and I were a bit cautious too, but we didn't even consider doing that !" If Edward could laugh, I could relax. Everything was going to be okay. Bean and I were safe. Edward squeezed my hand and grinned at me in relief. I found out, when we arrived at Charlie's, that he'd placed a camera in the spare room when he found out they were both coming. He'd had the film sent to a laptop to store the information for three weeks unless saved, which is what he did. He and four of his police force pulled up in front of my home. They encircled it before Charlie entered (using his key). Nicholas and Renee were arrested for numerous thing. The recordings were saved as evidence, as were Edward's, Carlisle's, Charlie's and my testimonies and the DNA results. They were scheduled for a court hearing when I was six months along and pleaded guilty. They were sentenced to three years in prison with no parole and no early release. I believe the jury judged them harshly as they had both given up legal guardianship of us and yet were still trying to control our lives and harm our well-being. Everything else was a relief, Edward and I started our online college courses – Edward studying to be a doctor (he had to go to Seattle for some lectures, every so often) and me studying to be an English teacher. Three months after the trial, I went into labour, surprising everyone (including myself) with the short duration: I went in at about 5:20 am after going through contractions that were half an hour apart for most of the night. Our daughter was born at 6:03 am. According to the hospital, I was in labour for less than an hour, for which I will forever be grateful. I also believe Edward was grateful, and not just because he hates to see me in pain. Our family welcomed Sophia Elizabeth with open arms, and we named all our siblings and Angela as godparents, to which they were ecstatic. We were allowed to take Sophie home the next day and nothing could have felt better than having our home filled with the cries of our precious baby. Epilogue – 20 years later Sophie was radiant, on my Edward's arm. She glowed in her white dress as her eyes fixated on Angela's little brother, Matthew. Sat with me were my biological sons, eighteen year old Kaiden Edward and fourteen year old Jacob James, and my biological daughter, sixteen year old Carlie-Rae Antonia, and my three adopted daughters, thirteen year old Sarah Marie, ten year old Dana Jane and three year old Frankie Tamara, and my adopted seventeen year old son, Jackson David. We were in the process of adopting identical eight year old twin boys, Garrett Michael and Everett Raphael, but they weren't here today, sadly. We had moved out of the cottage when I was pregnant with Carlie-Rae, into an eighteen bedroom mansion, which we could afford due to Edward being an amazing doctor and also inheriting the entire Lovell family fortune on his twenty-first birthday. The Mason family fortune was then passed to him fifteen years ago after Nicholas died with Edward as his sole beneficiary – apparently prison actual does change people for the better. We began adopting after Carlie-Rae turned one and Jack was our first, then Dana and Sarah (who are biological sisters), then Frankie. We, Edward and I, plan on adopting even more and technically, at thirty-seven, I can still have my own, but I don't think I will, as there are some many kids out there who need a good home, which we have. Anyway, Alice and Jasper married – surprise surprise – and have four children, two of which are adopted. Emmett and Rosalie also wed, but they found out that Rose couldn't bear children due to the rape and beating she went through before Carlisle and Esme took her and Jasper in. They have, however, adopted children from across the world. They have twins from China, a boy from Russia, a girl from Africa, a boy from South Korea and a girl from Japan. They also have two girls and a boy (siblings) from here in America. Angela married Ben and have twin daughters. Her little brother, Luke, is studying to be a doctor and Luke's twin, Matt, is obviously marrying my Sophie today. Carlisle and Esme found their house fairly empty, so took in another three kids, then found their home over flowing with children and grandchildren. Charlie, seeing everyone happy with their children and wanting to provide a home to some other kids, took in a little boy called Seth, who is now eleven and extremely close to Dana. So basically, everyone is extremely happy and Edward and I are going to be grandparents in seven months. Oh, and the cottage is a surprise wedding present to Matt and Sophie, which I think just about wraps it up. Oh, wait. Nicholas died if you hadn't figured that out and Renee... well, Renee didn't make it out of prison: those women really despise baby-killers. So, yeah, updates complete, now shush please, my baby is getting married. ~*~ THE END ~*~