I'd decided I would have kids with my Prince. It wasn't until I was fourteen I decided I needed my dad again, and planned to go to Seattle University, rather than any pretentious university, no matter who offered. I had enough credits to graduate at fifteen, but decided to keep working. In August, I decided to move here and finish my senior year. It was here I found everything I was searching for. I found my dad, my Prince, my first child, and my best friend. Nothing will ever take that from me, and I want to thank Principal Green for making the middle two possible. I know you allowed me to rush graduation for him, for my Prince, and I thank you from the depths of my heart, as I get a beautiful family and the life I've wished every birthday. And now, in front of everyone, I declare it. I'm officially eighteen, and have officially graduated. I'm in love with Edward Cullen, and my daddy gave us his blessings." I felt tears of happiness escape and I giggled, turning to Edward. He was grinning at me, and Principal Green said "Well, boy? You're clever lass here is completely correct, so why don't you go to her?" His smile broadened and he ran to me, lifting me up and spinning me around. He placed me on the floor and knelt on one knee. "I was planning on doing this at midnight, but I think now is the perfect time." He drew a velvet box from his pocket and opened it. Inside was a silver ring with a small oval sapphire surrounded by tiny diamonds. "Isabella Marie Swan, from the moment I saw you in my arms, after I caught you that first time, I knew I needed you there permanently. You belong in my arms, and I want to be your body guard forever more. Will you do me the honour in consenting to be my wife?" I nodded, happy tears streaking down my face. He stood and we embraced passionately, only stopping when we remembered the crowd. I grinned at Kara and Charlie watched me with tears dripping down his face. "Well, I didn't know he's propose after thirteen days, but hey – when in love!" Principal Green joked. A couple of girls stormed out, and several parents looked horrified, but I ignored it all and with Edward's help, I climbed down the stage steps and was pounced on by Kara. I crouched down and hugged her back, and Edward lifted her onto his hip. Next to reach me were Charlie, Carlisle and Esme. They all hugged and then released me. Angela and her family were next, followed by Principal Green and all my teachers. Other people came up and congratulated me for graduating and becoming engaged. Eventually, the party kicked off, and after an hour, Edward snuck Kara and me out, taking us to La Bella Italia in Port Angeles. The days passed with me spending time with Edward and Kara, planning the wedding with Angela and Esme, meeting Edward's siblings (and let me tell you, Alice is awesome – scary but awesome) and tutoring elementary school kids. A month before the wedding, Edward and I – in a moment of lust and passion – consummated our relationship. The day of my wedding arrived and I was nervous as hell. Angela was my maid of honour with Rosalie and Alice as my bridesmaids, and Kara as my flower girl. Edward had Carlisle as his best man, and Emmett and Jasper as groomsmen and Adam and Alex Webber carrying the rings. Edward stood alone at the front, and Rosalie went out on Emmett's arm. They were followed by Alice on Jasper's arm, and then Angela on Carlisle's. After thirty seconds, Kara walked down the aisle throwing the rose petals, flanked by the cushion bearing twins. And then it was my turn. Charlie took my arm and I gripped it tight, not wanting to fall. He helped me glide down the aisle and I looked up into Edward's eyes and was captivated. The world stopped for me, and there was just us. I don't even remember saying 'I do', or hearing Edward say it, but I was brought out of my daze with the much longed for words "I now pronounce you husband and wife, you may kiss your bride." I was home! I'll run through the next few months quickly: The reception was a blast, and I cried during the father-daughter dance, and also during the speeches; Our honeymoon was even better – Kara was staying with her grandparents; Two months after the wedding, I realised that I'd missed a period, and was late, so Edward and I went to Carlisle and he told me I was pregnant; Everyone descended on us with that news, and on my twentieth week, Carlisle told us it was a boy; Then, when I was twenty three weeks gone, Charlie's cruiser was hit by a drunk driver – they both died – I was heartbroken, as was Kara; Sixteen weeks later, a week early, I gave birth to my son, Charles Edward Cullen – we called him Charlie, rather than Teddy; And that leads me to now. Now, I am starting SU with a month old baby. Luckily, I'm taking all my courses online, meaning that I'm a stay at home mom. Edward also got his job at BA, and Kara started there too. Edward take Kara to and from school with him, and we're breaking in our new schedule. Charlie keeps growing and eats like a pig, but I couldn't be happier – I have it all: the family; the college course; the friends – Angela, Alice, Rosalie and I all became really close, and Edward and I still talk to Principal Green, who accepted the position of godfather to Charlie, who has Edward's features but my colouring – brown hair and eyes, and pale skin. Life couldn't be more perfect.