know him that long, she distinctively remembers the night he died. Apparently the entire household went into mass panic, her mother and father were running around, calling ambulances and trying to resuscitate Murray but it didn't work. He'd sadly died during the night of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, or SIDS as it's more commonly known by most. Part of me is glad that nothing's ever happened to Sallie or Owen, my half-siblings, because they're good, nice, polite kids and treat me like their big sister who lives there full time. I often take Sallie shopping with me and the two of us often go to lunch together at a café of some sort. She'll usually order something like a burger and fries while I'll usually have the same. Hey, I've never said I've been the highest of standards, and besides, I'm incredibly fussy with food so I enjoy things I know I like. Sallie shares that trait with me and I guess we must've inherited it from dad. I'm not, and doubt I ever will be, one of those kids who wishes their parents would get back together. Why? Well, my dad is happy with Misha and mom knows she couldn't be the woman dad had an affair with, so they get along well. How does she know? Misha only arrived in America about ten years ago, when I was seven, and my parents split when I was barely a year old. Misha is originally from Latvia, and when she first arrived here she barely spoke a word of English. She met my dad when she was twenty five and he was twenty seven back in 2003, within a year they were engaged and already had Owen. By then, dad had a steady job as a chemist running his own store in Salt Lake City, the precise reason why he and Misha were able to afford to buy their nice house there. My dad didn't have a job or a source of steady income when I was a two year old girl, the precise reason why he didn't get custody of me. My mom on the other hand, she'd already got a job as a nurse in Northwest and had inherited the house from her deceased father, so she was overall deemed as the fitter parent. Besides, I wouldn't want to leave my mom for my dad, because she's been the one who's raised me all these years and thus, I owe my life to her. I couldn't just jump ship from mom to dad because dad not only has Misha, but he also has Sallie-Barbara and Owen, two things my mother doesn't have. Most people are shocked when they find out she's my mom, too. They think she's like my older sister or something, assuming her father remarried and got a new wife, resulting in me. But that's very wrong; my mom just had me age nineteen and I've not even turned seventeen yet. She could always have another child but tells me she doesn't want to because of her job and that she'd end up neglecting me to look after her new baby, but I hope she finds a new husband at least, children or not being produced. I'm no mind reader, chlorokinesis is my ability, but I can tell mom really does want another baby, so she can have a child around once I've flown the coop so to speak. Because of my age I'm obviously going to move, so it's inevitable that I'll get a baby sibling if she really wants to have another child; but she's told me she plans on going for fertility treatment if she does eventually decide yes. Looking up at the plant pots on the window, I realised they looked a little bit droopier than normal. Taking a deep breath, I reached out my hand and slowly drifted it over the plants which immediately perked up the second my thought of 'grow' hit them. My powers work in mysterious ways, but I like them personally. I mean sure, I'm no Wonder Woman, but saving my mom's beloved plants keeps us both happy and I do feel like they're a little special and make me stand out. Call me vain, and I guess I am, but I'm certain there's more people like me out there. I can't be the one human being on earth who can just make plants grow or do things similarly weird and interesting. There's probably much more dangerous, effective powers out there than mine, but if I've learned anything from Mark, plants can be used to protect yourself. Take a look at Poison Ivy; she used flowers to take down Batman. Sure, being totally gorgeous, seductive and manipulative helped, but the plant control protected her when it didn't work on him. I've never exactly been a comic book fan, but I've read a couple with Mark when I've gone round to his. He's collected all the Iron Mans up to date, most of which his father used to own, and is now planning on doing the same with The Avengers. I'm not sure if he's either into Marvel or DC more because he has the odd collection of either, all I know is that he's one big comic book fan boy. The sound of the latch clicking brought me back to my senses from plant saving and I realised it was mom arriving home to make dinner. She's allowed an hour break to come home and have tea with me before she returns to the hospital to finish her shift, but I don't mind too much. Tea, doing my homework, watching some telly or listening to music, sometimes both, then bed is a normal routine for me. I usually shower before bed or have a bath, but sometimes I decide to do it in the morning so I'm generally fresher for school. I planned on doing it that night and went towards the front door to greet her.