don't we put Fozzy out back to run around for a bit while you help Gramma make lunch." "Okay." Piper patted her leg and started skipping toward the back door. "Come on, Fozzy, lesss go outside." The dog followed without a second thought. Back in the kitchen, Esme had already started cooking the bacon and sliced up the tomato. "Hey there, son of mine." She smiled over her shoulder before flipping the meat in the pan. "How are you?" "Good. Finished up another project last night, might need to make a trip to Seattle in the next week or so." "Just let me know, I'm here if you need someone for Piper for the day." "Thanks." I grabbed a few grapes from a glass bowl and popped them into my mouth, leaning against the kitchen counter. "I'm back!" Pie came running into the kitchen. "I cleaned my hands so I can cook." I swung her up onto the counter next to me and she diligently placed the slices of thick bread on small plates. "Such a big helper, Pie, I have no idea what I'd do without you." My mom took the bacon from the pan and laid it out on paper towels to sop up the grease and cool. "You welcome, Gramma." I kissed my daughter on her head and breathed in her sweet scent. The front door opened and Piper looked up at my mom. "Is Grampa coming?" My mom shrugged, "I guess so, baby. I thought he'd be gone longer." "Help me down, Daddy." I helped Pie jump from the counter. "Thank you, Daddy!" she hollered as she tore out of the room. My mom and I listened to her greet my dad in the living room, giggles filled the room as they entered, she was hanging upside down in my dad's arms. "Anyone missing a monkey? I found this one running loose in the house." "I'm not a monkey. I'm a Piper!" She giggled, her cheeks turning pink. "What? A Piper?" My dad righted her in his arms and wore a mock face of surprise. "Oh my gosh! Piper! I thought you were a monkey." She hugged his neck tightly and kissed his cheek. "You're silly, Grampa." "Hey, Dad." "Hey there, son." He smiled, his blue eyes crinkled, not a single blond hair out of place, but it was plain as day that he was exhausted. Carlisle worked a lot of hours at the local hospital, he was never neglectful of his family or friends, but he loved his job. "Hey, Sweetie." My mom kissed his cheek and hugged him around Piper. "Long night?" "To say the least." He looked at Piper, "Can you do me a huge favor, Pie?" She nodded solemnly. "Yes." "Could you go into my bedroom and get my special phone please?" "Yes." Piper ran off leaving the adults in the kitchen. "What's up, Dad?" "Charlie Swan came in last night. He was shot twice. Once in the right leg, once in the lower back." "Oh my gosh!" My mom's hand fluttered at her throat. "Is he okay?" Charlie Swan is the local Chief of police here, and even though Forks has a reputation for being a sleepy little town, we still have a few off color characters, as my mom would say. "He's going to be fine. He'll be hurting for a bit and definitely not going to be out on the street working for quite a while, but he's not in any life threatening danger." "What happened?" I'd known Charlie forever; he'd brought Sam and me home one night after catching us egging a house. Needless to say, I didn't see the light of day for weeks and I had to go clean Mr. Hutson's front porch with a bristle brush and bucket of soapy water. Later that summer, Sam I went over and repainted the porch. "From what I know, and don't quote me, someone was trying to rob the gas station, Charlie just happened to be slower than the bullets. But they did catch the guy, so there's a plus." "Holy shit. That's crazy." "Ummm umm! Daddy! I hear you!" That kid always walked in on me dropping a bomb. My dad laughed at me. "Sorry, Pie." "Tisky tisk." She handed my dad his phone and gave me the sternest look she could muster. "Glad to know someone is keeping you in line." My mom whispered as she finished putting lunch together. "Thanks, Ma." Piper and I stayed and had dinner with my parents, as I was cleaning the taco mess off of her in the bathroom, my mom came in and sat with us. "If you two don't mind, maybe Pie can stay here overnight and she and I can go get her hair done tomorrow morning? Just a Gramma and Piper day?" Piper immediately perked up and started bouncing around on her toes. "Can I? Can I, Daddy?" "Of course, but you have to be a good girl, best behavior and make sure Grampa doesn't cause any trouble." "Yehy!" Piper flung herself into my arms. "Love you, Daddy! Bye!" And off she ran to harass my dad for the night. Shaking my head, I hung up the wet washcloth that I had used on her face and hands. "She's going to miss you, don't worry." I looked up at my always knowing mom. "Yeh. I just sometimes think I miss her more." Esme came and sat next to me on the edge of the tub. "It's not always fun being the parent, is it?" "No." I blew out a breath. "Not always. But I wouldn't trade it for anything." My mom nodded and patted my hand. "Maybe you should think about a haircut as well." She winked and stood. "I'll bring Pie home tomorrow after lunch. Go out with Sam tonight, enjoy a night off." "Yeh, maybe I'll do that." A/N And we're off on a new adventure! I do hope that you enjoy it. QoH