lovers who had been searching for each other all their lives. "Are you sure you are okay?" I asked. I suddenly felt like I was intruding on their private moment. At the sound of my voice their eyes broke contact and they jerked apart as if they suddenly realized that the rest of the world still existed around them. "I'll be fine," she answered, shaking her head to clear it. "Like I said, it happens all the time." She dusted herself off and looked around at her feet, until she spied a ratty old bag that she must have dropped. She picked it up quickly and slung it over her shoulder, then turned back to us one last time. "I'm so sorry to bother you! Thanks for your help. I really have to be going. See you around." And she was gone. She darted down the street and into the restaurant we had just left. Jasper was stunned. He just stood there staring at the door as she disappeared behind it. "Who was that?" he whispered. "I have no idea," I replied. "She looks a bit crazy to me. Jasper, what did you do to the poor woman?" "I didn't do anything! We were just walking down the street when she looked up into my eyes. The next think I knew, her eyes rolled back into her head and she dropped to the ground. Do you think we should go see if she is okay?" he asked. His eyes were filled with concern for this strange woman. I shook my head. "She didn't look like she wanted our help. Let's get our groceries and head home." Jasper took one last look back at the door then turned to walk back to the car with me. It was evening by the time we got home. We were both worn out from carrying boxes and furniture all day. Jasper helped me to unload the groceries from the back of the truck, and then crashed on the couch with a beer to watch a ball game on my little 17" TV. My body was tired, but my mind wasn't ready to shut down quite yet, so I excused myself and slipped outside to take a short walk. I started by walking out front to take a look at the house, making a mental list of all the work that needed to be done. At first glance, the house looked picture perfect, but up close, you could see that it was in serious need of some TLC. The shutters next to the front window needed a fresh coat of paint. The white siding on the north wall was starting to turn green like moss growing on the north side of a tree. The hand rail on the back steps was rusty and loose. It would need to be completely replaced. It also looked like nobody had paid any attention to the flower beds in years. About half the house was buried in huge rhododendrons that had started to grow wild. I wasn't sure if I could salvage them or if I would need to start over. Having made my way around the house once, I paused again in the front yard. The sun was setting, and it bathed the little white house in a soft orange glow. It would take a lot of work, but I could just see it as it was meant to be: my little white home with the green shutters, surrounded by flowers, maybe with a small vegetable garden in the back. When I was a child, I had dreamed of living in a place like this, but in my dreams I wasn't alone. I shook my head to clear it before the tears could start. This was meant to be a new beginning. I would build a new life here. I didn't want to taint it with any of the pain from my previous life. Turning from the house, I glimpsed the cemetery. The sun was going down, but there was still enough light for a short walk so I went off to meet my nearest neighbors. The cemetery was small but well kept. As I walked among the headstones, I couldn't help feeling a sense of peace as I thought about the lives they represented. There were many couples, sometimes accompanied by children who didn't live long enough to leave their parents' side. I wondered about the single tombstones that were mixed in with the rest. For some reason they seemed lonelier than the others. A few had flowers and were clearly well tended, while others were not necessarily neglected, but definitely not visited regularly. One grave at the far end of the cemetery seemed to draw me in. It was a lone gray marble headstone. Nothing fancy, just the finely carved letters of the name and dates. The only decoration was a small American Flag that had been recently planted by a veterans group on Memorial Day. He had been a soldier. A tear slid down my cheek, and for some reason I felt a profound sense of loss as I leaned down to read the words on the stone: Edward A. Masen June 20, 1899 – October 25, 1918 The light flared, brighter than it had in ages, startling and disorienting in its brief flash. But it was over almost as soon as it started, leaving behind only the ghost of an image. A face. The beautiful, sad face of a woman with a tear running down her cheek. I tried desperately to hold on to this image, to sear it into my consciousness before it slowly faded back into the endless black night. A/N: This is my first multi-chapter story. I expect it to be about twenty chapters unless I deviate from my outline for some reason. Please leave a review. I promise to write back, and I will share a few lines of an Alice POV that I wrote, but chose not to include.