under my master Caius, his torture techniques are very imaginative and my personal favourite it to rip a vampire piece by piece and be reassembled again, just to repeat the process… I love to do this, over and over again till said vampire breaks. But, luckily for you I do not have that time luxury, so as I rip a piece from your flesh I will just feed them to the flames." "Wait…" Jade groans out, lifting herself up and made her way towards the demon and her maker. Cocking his head to the side, Demetri froze. He didn't think that maybe she might want him to be spared of this pain; he was now at war with himself as he waited for her to make a choice. Though he knew he wasn't going to die, he couldn't do that but he needed to live for her till she was at least a decade into her life. After all no matter the hate of a vampire for their creator, they were needed to help their childe's gift grow to its full potential. Though he could die and his mate can still learn the basics of their gift, much like Alec and Jane but he wanted her to know her full potential. Even though one half of her maker is gone, only one was needed to teach her, plus his head can always be placed onto the headless corpses strung by the roof in the dungeons. Terrance looked up in hope, though it was short lived when his childe sneered at him. "I wish to burn his pieces myself. Tell me, does it feel like the change?" Jade asks hopeful, smiling a little as she saw the excitement ignite in the onyx orbs. "Yes, it does ten times as worse. I cannot burn the head but I can promise if you wish him to suffer more, there is a girl in my coven that can recreate the change." Demetri explains softly, his demon receding as joy filled his very being at her wicked temper and taste for vengeance. "Good, you rip and I burn deal Demon?" Jade asks, sticking her hand out for the demon, nearly jerking it back in shock as a burning shot up her arm at his touch. Oh, but this burning wasn't one of pain but of pleasure, causing her to tingle all over. "Deal." Demetri shook on it, taking note of the spark, of the burning passion of the mating bond. He turned back to Terrance whose eyes were blown open with terror before beginning his game, grasping the first fingertip between his nails and ripping it off and passing it to his mate, watching as she threw it into the fire with great satisfaction. Soon the idiot was all but a body, his screams dying out before Demetri even got to the last section of his legs and now Terrance all but convulsed in pain. "I'm bored and hungry." Jade croaks out with a wince, once the screams died down she was all for food. She couldn't even help with the bitch dragged her all the way here for the big fucker quickly ripped her head off and kicked her body into the fire he had created for herself and the demon. "My name is Demetri." Demetri muttered softly standing and picked up her makers head and torso. "Nice to put a name to you instead of Demon or Tracker. I am Jade, now what are you going to do with that." She asked, jerking her thumb at her armless and legless maker. With a deep chuckle Demetri simple waggled his brows and took off up a tree. Felix and Jade watched with mixed expressions, one confused the other with a raised expectant brow. Felix had seen this done many times and always enjoyed seeing it. Demetri chuckles as he reached the top of the tree and pushed off, the limb cracking under the force and spun. The body smacked against his back while one hand wrapped against the soft spot of Terrance's neck and the other under the jaw before landing on the ground in a kneeling position. At the impact Demetri used the momentum to jerk his hands forward, smirking as he heard the odd sound of bone being ripped cleanly from vampiric flesh. "Holy fuck…" Jade blurted out, her eyes popping open in awe as the dust settled revealing the scene before her. Demetri rested in a small crater, her makers head in his hands. That wasn't what shocked her, no; it was the fact that the spine was still attached to the head. Clicking his tongue Demetri cast a look at his stunned mate, a smirk pulling at his lips and simply shrugged. "What? I wished to use his spine as a belt." She licked her lips slightly before letting out a breath of awe. "You need to teach me that." Loud booming laughter echoed off the trees as Demetri moved towards his mate, kicking the torso into the fire as he went. "Deal, come glykiá mou. Time to feed and meet my masters, all will be well now glykiá mou and many things still need to be discussed." Demetri explained, holding out his arm for her to take while Felix moved to the other side, passing her the head of her makers mate. Jade cast a look down at the head that now rested in her hands before the arm that was being held out to her. With a shrug she threaded her arm through Demetri's and gestured for him to leave the way, there was no point in denying the chemistry between them and who was she to go against fate's decisions? Author Note: Well finally done! So I hope everyone else enjoyed this little OS. Demetri was a pain in the ass to write and much was written like a mini Speklez was telling me to write it in my ear, but hey. glykiá mou means my sweet.