very impressed. Bella pushed aside the welling feeling of knowing that new voice, too, to make room for boiling-hot anger. "Don't you ever insult Jacob! He's my friend!" Her eyes flew open despite herself, and she focussed her vision on this unwelcome intruder. Only when she saw his face and recognised it, did she realise what she had done, and that she'd done it without deliberation. The joyed wonder of having been successful made way for puzzlement and shock. " Edward ? I know you, too." This couldn't be right. It…it just couldn't. From her memories surfaced the image of someone of godly beauty, with immaculate skin, perfect hair, and butterscotch eyes, sculpted features and a perfect, chiselled body. What she was seeing now was undoubtedly the same person, but…not, in a sense. The skin wasn't evenly white or smooth: it was granulated, somehow, textured, pockmarked like old granite. It was greyish, whitish, flecked. There were cracks and veins on it that her old eyes had been unable to see. With a skin this uneven and crystalline, no wonder he reflected the sun in a million little sparkles. His eyes, surrounded by black spots akin to necrotising onions, were garishly yellow, and behind the iris, she could see a sickly-looking, pinkish fluid flowing through the tiny capillaries. The same was true of what she'd used to call his cupid's mouth: the surface of the lips was cracked and rubbery, but just below this unappealing surface were the capillaries, swimming in that weird, mucous liquid that looked like the most repulsive mix of pus and blood. Even his hair was granulated and spiky like an ant's legs under an electron microscope. "This can't be right," she said tonelessly. Her mouth was parched and her throat burning. Her head hurt from the effort of focussing on one sight, one sound, one smell, one thought, one movement. This was too much. This was too much . "It can't be." "Bella, it's okay," Jacob said. He took a step forward, but Edward – turned out her nightmarish visions hadn't been so off, after all – snarled and got in between them. It was an ugly, penetrating, threatening sound that made her want to punch through the wall and run far, far away. Luckily, though, all she did was hit her fists against the wall once, caving the parts she collided with in and making it tremble slightly. "Bella, stop panicking," Edward commanded, his voice weirdly strained. What was this, impatience? She couldn't tell anymore. She had forgotten how to identify this kind of thing. "It's all right. You're still seeing too much. You'll get used to it, and at some point, I'll look to you the way I always have." "You're lying! " It was out before she could even try to stop herself. "It's not true. This can't be real. It can't be." The thought alone made her feel like screaming again, but before she knew it, she'd raised her own hands in front of her eyes and focussed on them. "Oh, God. Oh, my God. This can't be real. This can't be real! " These weren't her hands. This wasn't her skin. This didn't even look like skin, it looked like floured, pebbly granite, all surfaces and shadows and weird shades of grey and white and beige and pervaded with ugly, pinkish veins. Her fingernails were a nightmare, too, whitish and sickly. Visible, underneath their surface, was that disgusting pus stuff swimming in her dead capillaries. What the hell was this? This wasn't her. This wasn't a living being's hands. This was a corpse's body. She was a walking, talking cadaver, a carcass. Panicky, she pushed Edward aside – and how effortless she managed to do so! Incredible – and placed herself in front of a huge and tacky mirror someone had strategically positioned at the far end of the room. In the mirror, she saw something she could not take her eyes off. Unmitigated dread spread through her as she desperately wished for the ability to cry, or even to throw up. Her face was a nightmare. After looking at Edward and seeing her own, mangled hands, she'd expected something awful, but this? Nothing like this. The…the thing that stared back at her wasn't her . It had flawlessly symmetrical features that went beyond uncanny valley. It didn't look human in the slightest. The thing's eyes were rounder and much larger than they'd once been; the distance between them was perfect, now, if one could call it that. They were doll's eyes, at least in shape and position. They had the same blackish, dead-onion-peel look around them, but the irises weren't yellow, they were bright red. The thing's nose was smaller, straighter, but the nostrils were covered in little pinkish veins in which that awful liquid swam. The mouth, that mouth she'd always squinted at with a mix of pride and annoyance, had lost all individuality: it was perfectly formed, the lower lip plumper than the upper lip, and it was red and rubbery like a prop. Just as was the case with Edward, she could see the tiny capillaries running through the lips, pink and sickly and disgusting. The thing's body wasn't hers, either. Bella had always been thin and narrow, but now, her waist looked almost anatomically impossible; her hips were slightly rounder, her legs longer, her breasts evenly sized. For a brief moment, she wondered whose bright idea it had been to clothe a transitioning human / fledgling vampire in a frilly blue cocktail dress, but the thought was drowned in abject horror. This weird, inhuman thing staring back at Bella was not Bella. She did not recognise herself in this undead being at all. Bella Swan had disappeared. Instead of being conserved and improved for all eternity, as she'd expected to be, Bella Swan had been killed. She had ceased to exist. There was nothing she could do but stare back at this unholy monster and scream.