emotion control to calm our family's nerves, especially mine. Edward nodded and turned his attention back to Bella, "I can't hear anything. It's like she's unknowingly blocking me out." "Edward stop it," Rosalie said in the most serious voice I have ever heard, "Do not get yourself involved in any way with this girl! This is just screaming trouble, this is exactly the thing we were talking about this morning." Edward nodded slightly not really paying attention, he was too focus on the new girl. I glanced at Bella before turning back to my brother and taking his hand, "Edward please, Rosalie's right you can't let this girl get close… If you do you might do something you'll regret." I gave his hand a squeeze and made him look down at me, "Please, I can't lose you again…" Edward gave me a small smile, "Don't worry Pooh Bear, I'm not going to do anything. And trust me when I say that I am not going anywhere." I gave him an unsure smile before I turned and looked at Alice who was seated next to me, hoping that she could calm my nerves. She just gave me a small smile like Edward and placed a hand on my arm, "Don't worry Winnie, everything will work out." The next few hours went by slowly for me because I was too worried about Edward and how he was doing. I was so worried that Emmett would not leave my side during Gym. But no matter what the minutes felt like hours to me, and I seriously started to feel a little bit pathetic. Edward was more than likely fine and his day is probably completely normal. Damn it I was such a worry wart! After Gym was over Emmett walked me to my next class, English, "Don't worry so much Little Bit," he said as we made it to the door of my English class, "Edward is going to be fine." I sighed and nodded in agreement, "I know I know. But I can't help it. That look he had on his face… It was like he was really terrified, or at least worried as well." Emmett smiled and pulled me into a one armed hug and ruffled my hair, "He'll be fine Little Bit!" I laughed and pulled away from him, "Okay! Okay! I'll stop worrying!" Emmett winked and gave me a thumbs up before heading to his class. I laughed again before walking into my class and sat at my desk. I pulled out my notebook and English textbook and waited for class to start, but then in walks in the reason for my constant worrying. Isabella Swan. My eyes went wide and I then focused on myself making sure my emotions were staying in check. I then quickly began to keep myself occupied by getting my 'Pride & Prejudice' book began to read. It was going really well until the strong scent that I wasn't familiar with hit my nose. I looked up and saw that Isabella had took the seat right next to mine. My mind began to race as it thought of every worse possible scenario, it was like an unending movie of embarrassment and secret revealing horror. That's when I felt the roots of my hair begin to tingle, this cause me to panic even more. But that's when Jasper's words popped into my head "…if something does happen then leave. No matter where you are, or what you are doing." With those words in my head I quickly began to move to pack up my things, but it seemed that luck was not on my side because that's when our English teacher walked into the room. Mr. Easter spoke up, "Class I'm sure you already know who the girl that is now sitting next to Ms. Cullen is, because the gossip in this school spreads faster than a damn wild fire. But it is my job as an underpaid teacher to introduce her to you." He then motioned to her and continued, "That is Isabella Swan. She likes to go by Bella, so I would call her by that if I were you. Her dad is the police chief and could throw your asses in jail if you get on her bad side." The class laughed, this was the usual thing to expect from Mr. Easter, he was probably the best English teacher I have ever had, that being said he was also the biggest smart ass I have ever met. So he was pretty much my hero. After that and everyone calmed down Mr. Easter started to go over the book we were now going to be covering, 'Animal Farm' . "We are going to read one to two chapters a day and then before the end of class or the beginning of the next class you are going to get with your partner and discuss that chapter or chapters, and then once we get to the end of the book we'll do something. I just haven't thought of a good enough way to torture you yet," he said as he put his feet up on his desk and smirked. The whole class started to talk animatedly about the chance to work with a partner until Mr. Easter decided at that point to make my life a living hell, "People that are sitting in an even row number look to your right." I looked to my right at Bella dreading what he was about to say. "Say hello to your partner." Okay so there was the first renewed chapter of my very first fanfiction! I hope you guys enjoyed it and will leave me a comment/review letting me know what you thought. And also do me a extra favor by clicking on that Favorite/Follow button! It really helps me out and also makes me feel better about life in general. xD Anyways that's all I have to say for now stay safe and sweet! :)