borrowed supplies and we were pretty much ready for actually living in the house, minus furniture, which we would sadly be getting tomorrow, so that meant another sleepless night of pretending to sleep in the truck. Wonderful. "I'm gonna take Fefe on a walk, alright?" I stared over at Andy. He and I both looked the same, dark hair frizzed out from all the working, dirt smeared on our faces, and blue eyes far more tired than they deserved to be at only seven o'clock in the afternoon. "Alright. Don't forget you start school in a week, so don't fuck up your sleep schedule, please." I cringed at his warning. It was too late for that. As far as anyone was concerned, my sleep schedule was so beyond fucked that there was no possible way to fix it, ever. I was screwed. If not for the family secret, both my brother and I would've collapsed a hell of a long time ago. "Kay. Be back in a while." I smirked as I called Fefe and headed out. After about ten minutes of walking, I noticed that scent again. But it didn't come from three sources, it came from just two, but one I couldn't recognize. Was there more people like them? Like my brother and I? The idea of it was just too cool, but I hadn't confirmed it just yet. Sure, they smelled like wolves, but that could just be because they owned wolves, which I really hoped they didn't. Wolves were meant to be wild and free, not to be some people's pets. Seriously though, how many times was I going to run into these psychos? My damned curious mind had gotten a hold of me, and I began off towards their scents. I really have a bad habit of not thinking before I do something, so it was no wonder I was pounced on when I stepped into a clearing. My main concern was Fefe, who was barking and growling and without any reluctance I tore through my clothes and guarded Fefe. I was not about to let her get hurt because she was protecting me. The wolf that had pounced on me quickly backed away when a much larger black wolf tore into the opening. I took that moment to sit and dragged Fefe closer to me. As gross as it seemed, I gave her a lick to the back of her head and her growling and barking quickly grew quiet. So much for keeping the family secret, though. Andy was so going to kill me when he found out. My thoughts were interrupted when I felt something pull at my mind, then I felt a nip at my tail, causing me to yelp. Before I could really nip back at whoever the asshole that nipped at my tail, someone else's thoughts entered my head. Which felt weird. Like, really weird. My thoughts were supposed to be my own, but here there were these other thoughts. Holy shit! You're the big guy from earlier! I felt really stupid, which wasn't a foreign feeling to me. You're that girl from earlier? You were lying to us, then! The other thoughts invaded my head and I just simply knew this was going to get annoying, really fast. Not lie. Just didn't say the truth. Yes, I know what happened at my old home, I was just wondering what the stories were, is all. I gave the guy a wolfish grin, which was no wonder seeing as I was a wolf, currently. Why are you and your brother here? Ah yes, the guy was getting straight to business. He had to be an alpha, or something like that. My brother, who is like me, is gonna become a doctor, so he's gonna be working under some Cullen person. I'm here to bring Bella out of her shell because my dad bribed me with hanging out with my brother and I'm gonna shut up before I ramble. I was being honest, at least, I just hoped this guy didn't think I was a total looney. You're not crazy. Just, be careful of the Cullens, alright? They're vampires. Woah hold up, what? Vampires? You shitting me? They actually exist? No fucking way. That's the most ridiculous shit I've heard. Wait… I was a girl who could transform into a rather large wolf, talking to other guys who could also transform into large wolves. Yet I was doubting vampires? I'm the smartest person I know. Yes, and we have a treaty with them, we don't pass on their turf, they don't pass on ours. Currently the younger one, Edward, is gone. The family is in the process of moving too. Wait, that made no sense. If they were moving, why was my brother becoming an understudy of the doctor? That didn't make any sense. They're moving, but my brother was supposed to work under Carlisle Cullen, but… they're moving. I need to talk to my brother. Listen, it's been real fun doing this whole brain thing with you, but I have a dude's ass I need to kick for lying to me. And with that, I was off, along with Fefe. I was pissed. No, I was straight up fuming. My brother lied to me! That jerk! Once Fefe and I entered our backyard, I quickly changed back to my form and ran inside without any clothes on. Go me. I ran straight to my brother and tore him off the couch. "Carlisle Cullen is moving, you've been lying. You have a lot to explain, and no I'm not putting clothes on until you fucking explain why you and dad lied to me." I scowled at my brother as he groaned and sat on the couch while glaring at me. He didn't have the right to glare at me right now. He was going to do some explaining or so help me I was going to deck him in his stupid face.