as if he was going to speak, so I turned my back to him and called Mike across. "Hey, Mike what's this about a trip to La Push? I haven't been to the Rez in years, the Chief is friends with their Chief" I laughed to him. "Yeah, we were thinking of getting a bunch of us together for a bonfire and see the tide pools," he told me. "Ah, the tide pools and I are well acquainted, due to falling in them at least twice every year I came to visit Charlie," I tell him solemnly and then we both burst out laughing. Just then the teacher arrives so I say to Mike "Count me in for the bonfire, I may give the tide pools a miss this time, though" he's looking very happy as he returns to his seat "Yeah, maybe best to" he answers sniggering. I turn back to face the front and flick my ponytail over my head so it's between Edward and me, like a shield. He stiffened momentarily and I wondered what that was all about. After about ten minutes Edward slides a note under my elbow that's on the desk. I look at it, then him then back to it, it takes me a few minutes to decide to read it and I carefully open it up. His elegant penmanship puts everyone else's to shame, of course, I doubt he does anything badly: Bella, I am so sorry for the way I have behaved towards you, I know that ignoring you has been beyond childish and I am ashamed of myself for that. I would like to talk to you if you will allow me too, I hope to be able to give you an acceptable explanation of my behaviour and why I thought it was necessary. Yours Edward Cullen Wow, so formal and courteous, very old-fashioned, but do I accept? Well, I want to know but it has to be the truth and everything about the van stopping and all. I scribble a response saying yes after school at my house, about 4:30 pm and it better be the whole truth or I will approach his father for my answers. I make a point of not looking at him and I do not speak to him for the rest of the class, I know it's petty but he deserves it. Edward I was going to speak to Bella as soon as I entered the biology class, but seeing her doodling and seemingly lost in her own thoughts gave me pause. When I saw what was written on the notepad I was once again reminded what I had done to this poor girl in the space of a few days, I was shaking her faith in obviously the three tenants she lived by, Honesty, Loyalty and Fidelity. Well, I had made her break the first repeatedly, but I wouldn't respond in kind and be honest with her, she was being loyal to me and my lies, god only knows why and I'm sure fidelity would be the most important thing she would give a partner if she had one. I felt like the lowest form of humanity for the way I had totally dismissed her needs in this whole debacle. As always I thought of myself first as I had always done and expected her to follow my rules, even though she had no idea what they were. I really was turning out to be a rather narrow-minded selfish man and I didn't like me at all, so why would anyone else? I drew a breath and turned to speak to her and got exactly what I deserved, she twisted away at once and started speaking to Newton, god I hate that boy. He was ecstatic that Bella wanted to talk and bounded over. They discussed a trip to First Beach he was planning and I hated the fact she could go somewhere I could not. I listened intently to her joking and laughing with him, something she had never done with me, but then when did I give her a chance. Even when we were talking I was demanding answers from her and never giving her time to be herself, to relax and be natural. I found out her father and Chief Black were friends, close friends by the sound of it. She laughed at her own inability to stay upright for any length of time, so as she spoke and I was bombarded by Newton's less than pleasant thoughts, I wrote her a quick note. I know it was too formal and cold, but I was floundering here, all of this is new to me. I never have any in-depth dealings with humans normally. When class began I waited before sliding it under her arm, she made me wait before she read it. I could almost see her weighing up the pro's and con's, then she opened it and I waited with baited breath, well if I actually breathed I would have. Her reply was short and terse, but what was I expecting. Yes, after school at my house, about 4:30 pm and it better be the whole truth or I will approach your father for my answers. She then deliberately made a point of ignoring me for the rest of the class and I didn't blame her one little bit. She was being nicer than I deserved and for that, I was eternally grateful. I hope I can give her the answers she wants, but I fear it won't be that simple and I am so scared I will make this worse not better. But I have to try for her sake if not mine. What is it about this particular human? What has me so confused and why do I feel so conflicted about her? She is an enigma and my own personal form of hell, I wish that I could read her mind, more than another mind, ever.