know who I truly am. My mind was always on the next battle or the next move, because if I paused to think about anything else, the wall I had built up to protect myself would come crumbling down, and Maria would be the first to notice. The torture she could inflict on me was the sole reason I played the role I did. On the inside, I was scared of what would happen next, and I couldn't help but blame the Cullen's for the life I was living. The camp is was stationed just outside Guadalajara, close to the ocean. Maria ruled most of northern Mexico and was making her way south. She never warned us before a move; I knew where I was only when I would go into town to feed. I spent a lot of time planning my great escape, but Maria had me by the balls. I couldn't spend more than an hour on a hunt before she would send someone to get me. And if someone was to see me escape, they would more than likely attack and bring me to Maria for punishment. Many had tried to escape from her, but no one ever succeeded. Except one. There was a story of a soldier named 'Major' that had been passed down through newborns. They said he fought with Maria and was the secret behind her success in the late 1800 and early 1900's. Some say he escaped when he couldn't handle the lifestyle, but the ones who worshiped the ground Maria walked on said she killed him when he tried to betray her. No one knew the truth since none of the newborns from that time were still alive. "Bella?!" The voice startled me, shaking me from my reflection of the past. The voice belonged to Heather; she had joined the army two years after me, and her gift of clairvoyance kept her alive past her first year. Unlike Alice, her visions weren't subjective. I wouldn't call her a friend, since people in the camp couldn't be trusted, but we were closer than most because we were both desperate to get away from Maria. "What?" I asked, annoyed at being interrupted. "We need to talk," she replied. "About what? I swear to god if it's about those little shits in the barn I'm going to..." I said, but she cut me off. "It has nothing to do with them. Bella, I know how we can get away," she said with excitement. Her words made me freeze. It's not possible. "What are you talking about, Heather? You know it's not possible. How many nights have we sat here and planned only to discover some flaw in the plan?" "What if our biggest problem was going to be eliminated?" she asked. I quirked my eyebrow in question; our biggest problem was Maria, and there was no way to eliminate her. "Are you suggesting we kill her?" I asked, shocked at her train of thought. I won't lie, I had thought about it on many occasions, but she was always protected. "No, though I like the idea. I had a vision: in it, a swarm of hooded figures destroyed the camp. I saw tents and barns on fire, and the soldiers being torn to pieces." "Is it another army?" I asked, trying to assess the danger of the situation. "No, I don't know who they are, but they are powerful, skilled and outnumber us tremendously." "What's the plan?" I asked, realizing that she is right. It was our time to run. Three things could happen: we could be killed by the enemy, killed by Maria for running, or we could get away. If I couldn't be free, I'd rather be dead. I'd had enough of this life, and I wanted out. "They'll be here in three days, right after sunset; no one will know they are here until they attack. I see them starting at the main barn, so if you can, be by the last group of tents just before they attack and you'll get away," she explained. "Why do you keep saying 'you'? Aren't you leaving too?" I asked. "I am, but I'm leaving tonight," she said, holding out a bag. "Are you crazy? You'll never get out of here alive. If it was possible I would be gone!" "It's easy to escape when everyone thinks you're dead," she grinned evilly. "Explain, please!" "I need a favor. I'm going to start a fire, and throw my used clothing in it with the body of the newborn Maria will kill in twenty-five minutes for disobeying her. When she asks me to dispose of him, I'll bring his pieces to you. Once he is ash, I want you to call for Maria and tell her you saw me jump in the fire. When everyone is distracted, I'll leave." "You see this working?" "Yes," she said confidently. "What about me?" I asked, sounding like the scared vampire I was on the inside. "I see you running, then nothing. I'm sorry, I wish I knew more," she said glumly. "Yeah, me too," I said sadly. "Are you in, Bella?" I had two options: take the chance and run, or stay here and be killed by the impeding threat. It was a no brainer. "I'm in." So what did y'all think? Hit or miss? I've had this idea for awhile now and finally got some of it down on paper so I'm excited to share it all with you. Just wanted to take a second and thank everyone for their support on Sundown, super big thank you goes to all my faithful readers and reviewers, you guys made me smile with all your kind words and made me work harder to get this story to y'all. I'd like to thank my beta TheBonfireoftheVanities, you are awesome and I appreciate you helping me and fixing all my silly errors. Next chapter will be up next week. Remember to review! -NKC-