much, dreamt about how this scene could ever play out. "Hello, beautiful girl" My hand shot out and slapped his cheek hard. "I deserve that" he nodded, rubbing his now pink cheek. "You deserve more than that" I spat out angrily, although I couldn't deny my heart was fluttering at him being here with me again. "I do" he ran his hand through his hair, "I hurt you so badly" "You broke my heart" I admitted, my hand rubbing my stomach to sooth the restless child within. He watched my hand and swallowed deeply then looked into my eyes, his own glistening. "Are they well? Healthy?" "She is. The doctor said she's right on track" "A girl?" "Yes" I swiped my thumb over my stomach once again. "That's wonderful" he grinned at me, once again running a hand through his hair. "I know" I tried not to let my emotions show. I didn't want to get my hopes up and have my heart broken all over again. I didn't know his motives, "What are you doing here?" "I came to see you" "Really?" I laughed dryly. "Yes" he took a step closer to me and reached for my hand but I pulled it away, "I don't know where to begin" "How about the day you left me?" "I'm so sorry, Isabella. I acted like a fool. I never should have left" "No, you shouldn't have" "I let you down" "You did more than that" I retorted angrily, pointing my finger at him, "You let your child down" "I know and words cannot explain how sorry I am" "Try" "Isabella, I know I hurt you" he spoke softly after a moment, "I don't think I'll ever forgive myself for that. And if you'll let me, I want to spend the rest of my life making it up to you" "Isabella!" We both looked to see Joe step out the house and it was like he immediately knew who Edward was. He stood taller and his eyes focused in on him. "I don't need to ask who you are" Joe announced as he walked over to us, "What're you doing here?" "That's between me and Isabella" Edward narrowed his eyes at Joe. "Like hell it is" Joe laughed sarcastically, "The day you decided to sleep with my wife, you made it my business" Edward's lips pursed as he stared at Joe. "Fine" he relented after a moment then fixed his gaze on me, "Isabella, I am in love with you and I have been since I first saw you at that dance. I was a fool to leave like I did and if you can find any ounce of you willing to forgive me, I'd be eternally grateful. I want to marry you, Isabella, and raise our child together" "Are you deluded, man?" Joe exclaimed, "She's already married to me!" "Unhappily, though" Edward added, "And she's carrying my child!" "But you fucked off, mate" Joe squared up to him, "You had your fun then hopped on the first boat back home!" "Calm down" I cut in, placing a hand on each of their chests. "Stay out of this, Isabella!" Joe warned me. "No" I tried my best to sound strong and confident, "I'm not going to stay quiet" "What do you want, Isabella?" Edward grabbed both my hands in his and crouched down to stare at me, "Tell me. If you want to be with me still, tell me and I'll make it happen. If not, as much as it'll break me, I'll step away and let you live your life. But you have to know. I love you. So much. And I need you" "You left me" I whispered, "When I was scared and alone and needed you the most. I've never felt pain like that" "And I'm so sorry" Edward cupped my cheek and leant his forehead on mine, "But you know me, Isabella. You know me and you know I love you. You can feel it. Can't you?" "I…" "Say it. I know you want to but you're scared. I understand you're scared. I know I caused that and you'll never know how sorry I am for that. But you don't have to be scared anymore. I'm here and I'll never leave you unless you send me away. I'll protect you from everything, all the bad in the world. Tell me you know that. That you know I love you. Tell me you know" "I know" I cried, nodding my head, "I know" Edward swept me into his arms. I threw my arms around his neck and felt my heart surge as he embraced me. I knew he loved me and my heart did too. We broke apart and I couldn't help but smile. Edward put me back on the ground and I glanced over at Joe. "Joe..." I hesitated as he stood watching us. He shook his head in disgust and headed back into the house. I turned to follow him but Edward wouldn't release me. "Leave him" "But-" "Trust me. He'll want to be alone" Edward's hands rubbed my hips soothingly. "I can't believe you're here and that this is real" I wondered out loud, "It's like a dream" "It's not" Edward chuckled, "I'm here and we'll never be apart again" Edward pressed a soft kiss to my lips then glanced down in amazement as the baby wiggled inside my stomach and onto his. "She knows her daddy is here" "I love you, Isabella" he breathed onto my lips then kissed me again hard as his hand found my round belly, "And this one, too. With every fibre of my being" I looked up at his handsome face and let my fingers glide along his cheek, still unable to believe he was in my arms. All the heartache would never be forgotten but it had its purpose and now I know Edward is mine forever. We're going to be the family I dreamed we'd be. . .