like a child but at this point I don't care. Only when I try to open my already wide eyes do I realise I cannot see anything accept the same blackness I thought I'd left behind. "I chose wrong, I chose WRONG!". Maybe it was a test and I picked the wrong answer? Now the Gods are punishing me for it, is all I can think as an explanation to this cruel pain. Feeling my throat crack all I can do is lie on the hard ground twitching and turning to try to relieve some of the pain, but nothing is working. I feel like I have no more strength to fight the pain and before long I can feel myself start to fall, the sensation lingering in my stomach. The first thing I notice is the surface I'm lay on. I can feel every bump and crack along its surface making for a very uncomfortable bed. Slowly dragging my hands along I can tell it's stone from the dust collecting on my fingertips. "Was that an hallucination..." I try to justify to myself aloud despite the last of the pain fading away from my bones. However as I open my eyes I realise very suddenly that it cannot be a dream, as even my confused half asleep mind wouldn't conjure up the image in front of me. Staring me dead in the eyes is the deceased Cerberus, with blood trickling down his head from where I assume he fell onto the hard stone. I suddenly focus on the tiny scar he has just above his eyebrow, it cannot be larger than a grain of rice yet to my eyes it's huge and very sitting up, much faster than humanly possible, I gasp. Everything is heightened in detail, I can see every single letter of writing on the walls, every crack in the aging sandstone, ever grain of sand on the dusty floor. Panic bubbling in my gut I shuffle backwards, suddenly finding myself on the other side of the chamber and my back hitting the wall with a tremendous force. I turn to see I've left a very petite outline of myself in the hard stone. "What is happening..." Standing up I whisper to myself starting to panic as confusion clouds my already disorientated mind. "There is no possible way for me to have moved that fast.." Turning to the unmoving statue I scream in anger, feeling the sensation of tears behind my eyes yet they do not fall. "What have you done to me!" '….You wanted to be strong...powerful...evil...I've made you into the perfect creation of destruction' Whispered the same voice I'd heard in the realm of the dead 'You are fire and death…' it ushered before going silent. I repeat the whispered words in my head. Another riddle it seems. Before I become too distracted with another thought I stop suddenly at a sharp ache in my mouth and a desire so strong my legs almost collapse under my weight. 'What.. is.. that.. Smell' I hunt around the room with my newly developed eyes, still adjusting to this new vision. I then zone in on my desire. Cerberus. How odd I think to myself before wasting no time in shooting over to his dead body and kneeling down. To my disgust I suddenly realise it is not specifically Cerberus that I want, rather the delicious looking red liquid pouring out of his head. It's a hunger like I've never felt before, and all too soon I give in to this new disgusting desire, biting into his shoulder. Is this heaven on earth? I think as his blood hits my mouth, it's like nothing I've ever tasted, sweet and metallic all at the same time. In my desperation to have as much of this delicious liquid as possible, I feel Cerberus' ribs give out under my new found strength. Pulling myself away from him, I again move quicker than humanly possible, finding myself at the entrance to the chamber in a mere blink of an eye. A quiet laugh falls from my ruby coated lips and I lift my hands to cover them in shock. For once in my life I do not care what others may think, what I should do or what is expected of me. This new power is intoxicating, but at what price? The thought quickly leaves my mind as I speed on unsteady legs towards my morning vantage point just as the new born rays grace the sky. And it's breathtaking. It is as if before my death my eyes were always shut to the true beauty of sun, for nothing compares to the sight before me and with that I decide that surely this is no curse from the God's rather a gift. The rays hit my face and I bask in the beauty that is the new morning sun. Still in shock over the masterful view before me I almost jump at the sight of my own skin as the glowing rays finally land upon it. I never believed I could see anything more beautiful than this sun rise, however turning my arms in the light I gasp as they begin to shimmer like a river of white Jewels; as if my whole body has become coated in a fine layer of diamonds. Looking over any exposed skin I suddenly realise the ultimate price to pay for this gift. I am no longer human 'I can never share the sun with another human, or they will know I'm am truly cursed ' I say to myself finally, having now realised a lonely existence has simply been traded for another. An existence of solidarity is the final price I have paid I begin to feel myself be overcome with sorrow yet as before I feel no tears fall from my eyes, nor roll down my cheeks. With that final thought I suddenly remember what I have chosen. Immortality. A/N: It gets better!