and desperation in those four words. I could also hear the slight begging lilt in her voice as she said the last two. With all that in mind I wasn't prepared to see the sheer amount of anguish in her best friends/secret love eyes, and for the second time that day I felt like a total and complete ass. "Where were you going Belle?" Rosalie asked once more, and as I stared into her beautiful blue eyes. I knew I couldn't lie, although I don't know why I was going to in the first place. "Well you see ummm... I saw that you were talking to Alice and I know how you two get about cheerleading things, so I was going to sneak off and talk to Emmett," I said in a rush, and I watched with bated breath as Rosalie's eyebrows drew together in confusion. "And you didn't think I would let you go?" Rosalie asked incredulously and I was probably doing a pretty damn good impression of a goldfish, because Rosalie continued her anger from earlier coming back. "God Bella I'm not a dictator that tells where you need to be and when! Yes, I like to spend time with you, because you're my best friend, but I don't want you to feel like you need sneak off while I'm distracted. You know what Bella I think you should go to Emmett right now, because I obviously did something to piss you off. So I really don't want to be by you right now." "Rose I-" I tried desperately to say before she cut me off. "No Bella please just go," Rosalie said in an almost tired voice before she continued. "I'll see you tonight at the festival." I looked at Rosalie for a moment and I knew I had just been dismissed. Which hurt, Rosalie had never dismissed me before. So feeling a little rejected and heavy hearted I left to go find Emmett. After a quick scan of the bleachers, I saw he wasn't there. So I went to the first place I knew he would be. The school roof. It had been our unofficial hang out since we started high school, and the second I stepped out onto it I saw him. He was sitting near one of the brick walls lining the top of the building. His legs were completely outstretched and his face held nothing but gloom. He didn't even stir as I sat next to him. Which was cause of great concern. Softly, so not to startle him, I spoke. "Hey Emmy-Bear you okay?" He simply scoffed in return and I realized that I would have to try a little bit harder to get him to talk. "Come on Emmy you know you can talk to me. What's wrong Teddy?" I once again asked using an old nickname I only use when I'm desperate. Though it worked like a charm if his sigh was anything to go by. "I just hate seeing Jessica and Edward together," he finally said, which caused me to frown. I had no idea Emmett liked Jessica. "Emmy I didn't know you liked Jessica-" I immediately cut off what I was saying the minute I saw the look he was giving me. "Oh." We sat in silence for a moment before he spoke. "I know it's stupid, but I just can't help the way I feel when I see him. I love him, but he only sees me as a friend," Emmett spoke with sadness in his voice before he scoffed again. "Though I don't think you can understand how I feel, no one can." We an almost wistful sigh and a sad smile I whispered softly. "I think I know exactly how you feel, because that's exactly how I feel with Rose." Immediately I could see the way Emmett's eyes widened in realization, before he crushed me in a big bear hug. We pulled back at the same time and before we knew it we were laughing. Honest to God laughter and it felt so good to finally tell someone how I felt. Especially when that person knew how I felt in return. "We are sure quite a pair," Emmett said still laughing and I nodded in agreement. We lapsed into silence before Emmett suddenly jumped up a mischievous glint in his eyes. "I have the greatest idea, probably the best idea in the entire universe," Emmett said his booming voice full of mirth. I simply raised my eyebrow at him to continue. "We, as in you and I, should pretend to date." Emmett said with a grin and I frowned in confusion. "Oh come on Belly-Bear you know how jealous Rose gets when ever you date someone, and I obviously can't date anyone else other than you. We can do things to make them jealous, and maybe if the heaven are on our side they will make a move." I immediately frowned in thought, Emmett's plan did make sense. I thought back to all the times Rose and even Edward got jealous of how close Emmett and I were. I always brushed it off as Rose liking Emmett, which albeit hurt I could deal with it, and with Edward still having residual feelings for me. Though now that I think about it maybe it was something a little more, and as I thought about it a large grin spread across my face. I looked up into the joyful face of Emmett and I couldn't help but chuckle. I got up so I was standing in front of Emmett. "Alright buddy we have a deal, but no one finds out about it," I say as I stick out my hand. "Do we have a deal?" Emmett without thinking about it shook my hand with a gigantic grin on his face. "Deal," he said with happiness in his voice, and as he pulled me into a hug. I couldn't help but wonder what I just got myself into.