I saw a tear glint as it slid down her temple into her tangled hair. "Fuck!" I groaned as I gathered her in my arms and cradled her, pulling the sheet up to cover us and make me feel less vulnerable. When her hand cupped my cheek, I realized that my face was wet. Had I been crying, too? "I'm sorry, Bella. I didn't want to hurt you. That was the last thing I wanted." I felt my heart wrung by another sort of pain, a sponge squeezed empty and dry in a fist of iron. She rubbed her forehead against my collarbone and sniffed, wiping at her nose with the back of her hand. "No, it's fine. I'm not hurt. Shaken, maybe, but not hurt. I've never done anything like that before." I could breathe again, but I still felt cold inside out with apprehension and guilt. "I don't know what's wrong with me. I shouldn't ask you to do things you're not comfortable with when you have no reason to trust me …" I shut up as her fingers pressed against my lips, shushing me much like I had muffled the sound of her orgasm. "I trust you, Edward. I just don't know you. And you don't know me." I pulled us both down so the light from the window closest to the bed fell across our faces. I looked into her eyes as I traced the beautiful planes of her face with my fingers. "Then let me know you, Bella. Stay." She looked at me for a moment, her expression inscrutable and the tears drying on her face, then leaned in and softly kissed me on the lips, whispering "Yes." Later, I woke feeling hot because I'd been curled around Bella protectively in my sleep, smothering her. I carefully untangled myself, made a trip to the bathroom, walked into the next room to smoke where it wouldn't bother her, and ended up sitting down at the piano picking out a strange melancholy tune I'd never played before. I hadn't touched the piano since I'd met Tanya. My feelings for her had been too strong and too complicated to translate into anything but physical movement: running, dancing, fucking or fighting. Drinking and snorting cocaine had been mad ways to try to tamper the wildness of the emotions back then, doomed to fail. With Bella here in my apartment, everything felt different, lighter. The air waited for a response. I touched the keys like I had touched Bella, firmly yet reverently, drawing out a reply that was voluntary but mine to claim. If I played the piano, I suspected she had played me, the groaning and growling sounds I made my uncouth response to the touch of her delicate fingers. Would it drive her away? I didn't hear her, but suddenly she was there. Her arms snaked around me, cheek pressing against my naked back as the sheet slid down from my shoulders. "What are you playing?" she whispered sleepily. I smiled into the keys. "You." I answered, repeating the melancholy pattern that now seemed to recall her girlish run across the beach, the way her fingers slid across the mink fur coat, the twirl of her hair beneath huge chandeliers, and how her naked body rose and fell beneath me on the bed. All the different patterns of this day, coming together in the shape of music tinkling and swelling through the dark rooms of my bare bachelor's apartment. I kissed her fingers after the piece came to a close and then led her over to the window. The city was just beginning to wake up, dawn on the horizon. She leaned on me and looked over my shoulder as I crouched by the window sill. "You weren't lying. You do have an amazing view of the park." There was a smile in her voice, and I felt a deep sense of peace rise through me like a slow swell. She was still here. She hadn't run away screaming yet. She took a deep breath, sniffing the skin behind my ears and working her way across my neck and shoulders. "You smell incredible, like lemon sherbet and woodsmoke and spice. Is that your cologne?" I smiled and pulled her around in front of me so that her semi-nude body was pressed against me, and I could bury my nose in her fragrant hair. "Whatever you smell on me, baby, it's all me. And, after tonight, you." She giggled, and I loved the sound more than coffee in the morning, more than the memory of my mother's hand in my hair and maybe more than my freedom. "So, do you believe in fairies?" My head jerked up at her unexpected question. I followed the line of her pointing finger to the park below, where small lights glinted on the ground, moving back and forth in the grey morning. I couldn't help laughing, and my hold around her tightened, making her relax and lean against me more heavily. "Oh, that's just people walking their dogs in the park, Bella." She tilted her head back to look at me, pouting. "So, you don't believe in fairy tales, do you?" I turned her around in my arms then, so I could cradle her face in my hands as I kissed her, slowly, sweetly, and with all the tenderness I could find deep within myself. As I opened my eyes and found her looking at me with the strangest expression, her shining eyes happy but her soft mouth quivering, all I could do was tell her the truth. "I didn't, Bella, but I think that maybe now I do." A/N: Thank you for reading! I've been busy working on contributions for a couple of contests to test out my writing, and when I'm done, I'm going to start expanding one of my ideas to a multi-chapter story. Right now, reader response seems to lean towards The Nanny, so I think I'll start there.