hurt when they lose," Bella said with a mischievous smile directed at Emmett. Edward countered Jasper as he started setting up the board."You think just because you were an officer in an obsolete war you can beat us here?" Ooh, those were fighting words! Alice plopped down at the kitchen table and opened her mouth, but Jasper silenced her with a finger. She must have seen the upcoming conversation because she quickly agreed to not help anyone. "That's why they don't like me to play. It's hard to have a decent competition when you can see the future," she explained. None of her childhood cartoons had ever shown this downside to being a psychic. "Don't worry, I haven't had any visions about the game-I just know them. This one's going to be a squeaker. They always are." "What's a squeaker?" "Oops, sorry, we're usually careful about what we say when we're out school, but when it's just us we sometimes let ourselves slip a little. 'A squeaker' is a slightly outdated term for a close game." "Wasn't that one big in the the '70s?" Jasper asked, trying to think back. Bella imagined that keeping slang straight must be difficult when you have an eternity to learn new words. "It was the '60s actually." Alice corrected. "Enough of the academics. We're here to play!" Emmett groaned. "Be nice Emmett. Bella asked a legitimate question and Jasper was trying to help." Carlisle gently scolded. "Stalling's what that is." Emmett mumbled. Esme took the other seat next to Bella. "Don't worry, saying those things helps to engage them in the game. They don't mean any of it. It's how the men only take about an hour per turn because they spend some of their time arguing and bantering-it must sound boring, but it's really quite fun to watch, although the games between the women take only a fraction of the time we don't get distracted as easily." "Don't let her fool you Bella. The women are far more competitive than we are." Carlisle warned Bella. She giggled a bit at that. "I'd believe that." Now she had the sudden desperate need to watch Esme play Allies and Axis. She seemed so gentle, but even she needed some sort of outlet. "You boys start playing and I'll fix Bella a snack. Bella dear, you really should sit down. You are ill, after all. You should be resting." She could hardly argue with that when a doctor was sitting in the room so she sat down, shut up, drank her orange juice, and ate her snack as she watch the spectacle that they had somehow managed to turn a board game into. Apparently Allies and Axis was a family event like baseball. Even Rosalie came to watch, although she kept her distance from Bella, occasionally whispering something in Emmett's ear. It turned to be a fun afternoon, and it took her mind off her cold. Even better, it took Edward's mind off her cold. Bella watched as Edward began to relax and let himself get into the game. Being stuck resting wasn't so bad if it put everyone at ease and she got to spend time with her favorite people. Sometime during their game Carlisle turned towards Bella and winked while Emmett was in the middle of trying to accuse Edward of cheating. That was when she realized that he had set up this whole thing on purpose because he had anticipated Edward's reaction to her cold. "Come on, that's bunk and you know it!" Edward protested. I've been thinking of other things until you actually make your move and you and Jasper have both done an admirable job of fooling me in your thoughts. I know better than to trust anything in your heads!" "How do we know that you're not boondoggling us?" "Seriously? First of all, I'm not boondoggling anyone! Secondly, nobody's used that word in how long?" It was official. Carlisle was now her favorite Cullen. Maybe she could make it up to Edward later. "Remind me to thank Carlisle." Bella whispered to Esme. "He knows." She whispered back. Author's Note: Hi guys! I've been working on this piece bit by bit for a while I've really enjoyed working on it. The initial concept came into being to address some of my problems with vampire stories. For example, no one treats vampires like the pasts holds any weight. They never accidentally slip and use dated slang and references and the events of the past never seem to come back to haunt them. Edward died of a flu epidemic. Even though he is well aware of advances in medicine that have happened since then I think that when it comes to Bella he can't help but worry. Maybe I only think about these things because I like history. Anyway, it turned out to be a slightly more lighthearted piece than I anticipated. Hopefully you'll still like how it turned out! Sources: I've had to do a little research for this story to do it justice. First, if you google H1N1 you will find symptoms and treatment listed by google. If you google Spanish flu pandemic 1918 you will find a Wikipedia article and a ton of other articles on the Spanish flu. Lastly, for slang I used A Historical Dictionary of American Slang which you can find online by simply googling the name. You can enter years as search parameters and find slang terms used during those years. ***For the sake of clarity, I'd like to mention that Allies and Axis is a real game. It takes a long time to finish, and believe me when I say that an hour per turn is actually considered pretty short. With that being said, if you're good at strategy and know a bunch of other people that are too I hear it's a lot of fun. Thanks so much for reading. I'd appreciate it if you could also review and give me some feedback! -TheEagerScribbler