blow and cool. The rain will fall and soothe and nourish. The earth will renew itself and … life goes on. I just want it to go on … with him. =O=O=O=O=O=O=O=O= September 11, 2009 Today was the last school day before my birthday. It was full of hugs and 'have fun on your birthday' wishes and loads of kids in the backs of cars and sitting in the setting sun at the Sonic, sipping milkshakes. Birthday kisses from friends and cupcakes from Alice and text messages about the big 'Bella's birthday! There's a party at the Brandon's house tonight after the game!' party. I don't want it but yet I do. If that even makes sense. I want something to take my mind off of everything; off of him. I don't feel like celebrating … me, but I can't keep feeling like I'm dying. While it still cuts to the bone when I dwell on it, on him … it doesn't hurt as much as it did almost 15 weeks ago. We win the coin toss, lead at half time and everyone is high on life and I sparkle and smile. It doesn't feel as fake anymore. More pushups than I can count, we've spanked the Tigers tonight. My ears ring from the touchdown booms. My eyes water from the cool wind out of the North. One more full and coach is clapping, nodding, happy with her flyer. As I smile and hop and cheer and spell out P-A-T-R-I-O-T-S one more time before the clock runs out. A beard in the crowd catches my eye. As quick as I see it, I don't anymore. A scrap of red flannel in a blink and my heart leaps in my chest like a fool, forgetting the months of crying, starving, wasting away all for what? He's not the only man in the world who has facial hair! I scold myself for going back there so damn quickly. Have I learned nothing? I push it back down where it belongs and smile and clap and walk across the field. Good game. Good game. Good game. Good game. I don't pay attention to the faces. I never have. It's just something we do because it's expected. Because it wasn't a good game for these guys. They got their tiger-striped asses handed to them with a heaving helping of 'you suck' from their own teammates and so-called fans. I desperately need to celebrate the fact that I'm old enough to buy cigarettes and smoke them. I can fucking vote now, for what good that does. I'm a legal adult. I'm not old enough to drink, but that isn't going to stop me tonight. I have things to celebrate. I have things to forget and new things to do and I'm bound and determined to do them. Alice lives just out of town, far enough that no neighbors would call the police about the noise. Her parents are happy to have me over for my birthday and aren't strict enough to shake their fingers and 'no, no' at underage drinking. They do collect the keys and nobody leaves. Responsible enough I guess, right? I'm not so drunk that I don't notice Jacob and Leah huddled up by the bonfire. The Friday night football star; her star. The way she looks at him and him at her is … beautiful. I'm not jaded or jealous. I'm happy for him. He meant no more to me than any other guy I ever fucked. Well, except for him, except for Edward. Alice and Jasper are tongue deep in teacher/student relations and he's a quick study apparently. The fire dies down and kids pass out and sleep it off. Some pair off and go scratch their itch. Some … well, just me and a few others, just sit here and drunkenly stare into the flames. Tired from the singing and dancing and just piss faced from all the alcohol. I fall backward to the blanket and after my eyes adjust a bit, I notice the stars. I deliberately avoided them for so long. I ignored them because when I did look to the heavens, it brought back that night with a crippling force. It doesn't handicap me now though … not since I embrace it for what it was. Painful. Beautiful. Devastating. Awakening. Love. It was a learning experience. A lesson everyone learns in due time. My time with Edward Cullen … took me to new levels that I can't ever regret. I think about it and it hurts to regret it so I embrace it. Him. It took me down a peg or two. Showing me that while I was a pretty girl who thought she knew everything about everything, I really didn't know anything. Nothing that matters in real life. I know that now. I'll carry that with me and put it to future use for the next unfortunate soul that dares to cross my path and tamper with my heart. The stars swirl and blur and the tears flow and gather in my ears. The fire in my belly relaxes and lulls me and I drift and wake; drift and wake. Smoke swirls overhead and frogs and crickets sing in the distance and there's just … peace. Sleep. A soft and scruffy, cinnamon scented kiss to my forehead followed with 'Happy Birthday my beautiful, beautiful Bella.' My eyes don't fly open or swell with tears, and panic or sorrow doesn't hurt my heart. Not anymore. Instead, I just smile. My sleepy smile. I know that he's always going to be out there somewhere, probably far away but always close in my dreams. "My Edward …" I mumble sleepily. "Yes, love … Yours" a voice whispers in the breeze. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.