I was fifteen the story of the Third Wife had always been my favourite, so I was well versed in the term imprint . "... I gotta go she's waking up." I heard him hang up the phone and place it on the counter. Five creaky footsteps followed before Quil stopped before me on the couch. "Hey sleepyhead." I couldn't form words. His forehead crinkled and he crouched down to touch my forehead. "You feeling okay?" I nodded mutely. "Just a bad dream? I thought I heard you're heart stutter." Had it been a dream? Could it be? Could I be that lucky? It would explain why Quil was always here... I swallowed hard and shook my head. Finally I spoke, "No. A really good dream actually." He smiled and tapped my nose. "Then what's with the serious face?" He laughed. "Good dreams are supposed to make you happy." "I am. I think I'm really happy." I threw my arms around him before he could ask anything else and hugged him close. "I'm gonna go to bed." I needed time to think. "Okay Claire." He stood to his full height of 6"4. "See you this weekend." That night I didn't fall asleep until 5am. Thoughts kept running through my head. Thoughts that made me trash around in bed because I was so giddy. I heard him, I knew I did. I was Quil's imprint. That's why he spent so much time with me, that's why he ditched his friends and a party to come watch a movie with me that he hated. Quil loved me. Or at the very least liked me a whole lot. I squealed involuntarily and quickly slapped a hand over my mouth. My biggest dream had come true. ...innocent... That night my dreams took a trip down memory lane and I remembered all the strange things the pack had said over the years that didn't make sense until now. Why they howled with laughter when I informed Quil at six that I would marry him, clapping him on his back in congratulations. Or why everyone thanked me when I let Quil back into my life after our falling out. They all knew. That's why Emily and Sam didn't think it was weird for him to hang around. God, my mom probably even knew. With only two days of school before summer vacation left we weren't doing much but watching TV in class. I turned to Anna, my best friend, and decided to ask her for some advice. She already had three boyfriends so she could surely help me. "Psst, Anna." She lifted her head from her desk where she had been trying to nap. "What's up Claire?" "I need your help. Can I come over after school?" "Sure. What's up?" I was so giddy I couldn't help myself from responding. "It's about a boy." Her eyes bugged out of her head. "You? And a boy?" She laughed quietly. "I never thought I'd see the day. I can't wait to help you." Then a wicked gleam shone in her eyes. "Want to skip fourth?" Anna had no qualms about skipping school especially now that it was so close to summer holidays and with a jolt I realized I didn't either. I could hardly contain my glee all day and to wait another hour after this seemed torture. "Sure." ...innocent... We grabbed two popsicles from Anna's basement freezer and sat out in her backyard. Her sweet labrador Tully ran laps around us stopping in every once in a while to see if he could lick any leftover juices off our fingers. "Ok. What I'm going to tell you you can't ever tell anyone and you have to promise not to judge." Anna smiled and held my hand. "I'd never judge you Claire. Now spill." Before I could chicken out I said it. "I'm in love with Quil!" She threw her head back and laughed. "I know that silly. Damn and here I thought you were actually gonna tell me some big secret." "You know?" My heart thudded. "Does everyone know? Does he know?!" Finally her laughter died down and she looked at me with sympathy. "I think your mom knows. And Jamie definitely knows. But I wouldn't worry about Quil, boys are totally clueless about this stuff." She paused and spoke again. "Isn't he a bit old though? I mean don't get me wrong I'm totally down with the sugar daddy thing but... how old is he anyway?" "He's in his twenties." I crossed my fingers behind my back. Anna's face lifted. "Oh! I knew he couldn't be that old. I mean he looks twenty so I guess that's all that really matters." "Right." I smiled. "So what changed? How come you finally decided to do something about it?" "I heard him talking on the phone last night. Telling his friend he wasn't coming to a party because he was hanging out with me. But all we did was watch Titanic which he hates and I had even fallen asleep. And then he said…" I stopped myself then started again. "That means something right?" Tully ran over and licked Anna's face and she pushed him away gently. "Totally. You know what this means right?" "No? What does this mean?" "It means it's time to seduce Quil. He's such a sweet guy I don't think he'd ever make a move on you especially since we're only sixteen. But he definitely has the hots for you. So we just have to make you irresistible." "Irresistible?" "Yup." She popped her p loudly. "We are gonna make you so innocently hot he won't be able to keep his hands off you." I blushed but couldn't keep the grin off my face that sounded exactly right. "Innocent?" "Yeah girl you can't be all up in his face. Innocent hotness is what drives guys crazy, believe me. This is gonna be one crazy summer." I did believe her. And it was a crazy summer.