shocked. Aro's actually going to think about this? He's really going to think things over before deciding if he wants to kill me? My heart lunges excitedly against my breastplate. As Esme takes my hand again, clasping my clammy fingers, Aro turns to Carlisle. "It seems you were right, friend," he muses, his voice quieter than before. "She was, indeed, a lure." Finally, the guard react. A low hum of murmusr reaches my ears, though when I examine their faces, their lips hardly seem to be moving. The hum ceases quickly when Aro holds a palm up towards them, a clear sign to shut their traps so he can think. "Please, Aro," Carlisle implores. Aro glances into his face, creased with pleading. "She's just a child. It isn't her fault." My mixed feelings towards Carlisle mix even further. I dart a glance between him and Aro, feeling my brows twitch together. Why, why couldn't he have just let me go? Why did he have to bundle me into that stupid shiny car and take me away? Why, when I blurted out those three shocked words – " you're a vampire " – couldn't he have shaken his head and told me I'd hit my head and was clearly out of my mind? Why did I have to speak at all? Why didn't I just take off, screaming for Anton at the top of my lungs? Why wasn't Anton watching me more closely? How did we all manage to fuck up so thoroughly? Aro's sigh is laboured. Edward, behind me, takes the opportunity to throw in his two cents. "Carlisle's right," he says, sounding as if he's swallowed ashes. I remember then that everything Aro saw in my head, Edward saw in his. I have to fight a groan. "This wasn't her doing, Aro. Find the others. Punish them, if you will – but she's innocent. Don't condemn her for a life that was forced on her." Aro's expression is nothing short of weary. He glances from Edward to me, to Carlisle and back again. I try to force my face into the most imploring expression I can muster. I don't know if it does any good. Aro drifts back to his entourage, sighing. "Yes…a lot to think about." The room is silent for a moment before Aro lifts his head again. "Chelsea, dear?" He says lightly. "Jane? Come with me, please. We have much to discuss. Carlisle, Eleazar, perhaps you should come, too." Two females break away from the tight formation of the Volturi guard: a tall woman with shiny auburn waves and beautiful catlike eyes, and the small blonde girl, one of the twins. They follow Aro out the door, with Carlisle and the dark-haired male from Tanya's visiting coven right behind them, off to decide my fate. vVv All things considered, the atmosphere in the Cullen house gets awkward real fast. There's not much for the Volturi guard to do besides stand there and wait for their master to return. There's not much for any of the rest of us to do but shuffle our feet and sigh. Members of the wolf pack glower furiously at the encroaching vampires, who don't even bother to scowl back. Apparently, they're dedicated to protecting human life from vampires. The thought is almost comical. Fat lot of good they're doing now. The youngest, a boy my age, keeps frowning sadly in my direction. It's irritating. Emmett sighs restlessly and swings his huge arms back and forth. My teeth clench. Clearly my impending doom isn't all that entertaining to him. The room is extremely crowded, and though less than a third of us are actually breathing, the air is extremely stuffy. Once again I find myself longing to be back in our building, napping carelessly on one of my comforters, not a care in the world. God, I'd fucking kill for a cigarette. When they're not scrutinizing me, the Volturi are eyeing up the half-breed kid, who's cowering between her mother and one of the wolf-men. I'd very much like to cower, myself. However, I can't even find the energy for that. Esme keeps patting my hand, but, at this point I think it's just to soothe herself. I didn't expect Aro's decision-making process to take so long. After an hour has passed, even the disciplined Volturi guard are looking restless. The titan vampire rolls his head around as if his neck is aching, and the girl with the dyed hair sighs and whips out a pristine iPhone, ignoring the glares of some of her fellow guard members with a careless flick of her finger. She tucks it into her pocket pretty freaking fast when Aro finally glides back through the door. Jane and Chelsea follow close behind, both of their faces as impassive as when they left. This does nothing to reassure me. Is a teensy hint towards my potentially bloody future too much to ask? I examine Carlisle and Eleazar's faces as thoroughly as I can when they step through, but in my state I can't decipher if they look relieved or defeated. "Well," Aro says, his voice bright again. "That was an interesting debate." When he meets my eyes, my heart thunders, echoing in my head until my brain is throbbing. "Veronica," he finally says. My inhalation is shaky, but I manage to breathe out an almost soundless "yes?" Aro smiles at me. "If you have anything you wish to keep with you, I suggest you pack it. The fates have been kind to you, my child. As it so happens, we have a position to fill. You'll be coming with us." So…er, yeah. That's it. I think I might continue this, but as a little side project, something to use as a punching bag whenever I need to kick writer's block. That is, if anyone thinks it's worth reading. If I do continue it there will be smut, violence, bloodplay, mentions of child abuse and drug and alcohol use.