take away her pain, she was letting me hold her as she cried. I could support her, physically, and keep her on her feet as she sagged against me. It felt like progress. I don't know how long we stood in the semi-dark, Bella crying, me blinking away my own tears. The steam had dissipated and the mirror unfogged when she finally pulled back, looking up at me with sore, red eyes. Tears clung to her eyelashes, her nose was running, and her mouth curved down. It hurt to see, to look her pain in the face and know there was nothing I could do to take it away. Bella sniffled, her gaze shifting. "What's this?" She traced the line of black ink circling my bicep. It wasn't too thick, maybe about half an inch wide. I cleared my throat as guilt ricocheted through my insides like a pinball. "I, uh … I'm sorry." She pulled back a little, frowning up at me. In the dim bathroom, her eyes looked black. "Mourning?" I nodded, the words caught in my throat. "I would've come with you," she said, and I could hear the hurt in her voice. It hadn't even crossed my mind to ask her. She stepped out of my arms and pulled the towel tight around chest, tucking a corner in to keep it in place. I trailed after her as she walked into the bedroom, cursing myself for my self-centeredness. Perched on the edge of the bed, she looked up at me. "Why?" I knelt down in front of her, my hands on her knees. "About three weeks after …" She nodded, and though she knew what I meant, I forced myself to say the words, to let myself speak all the words and feelings that had become so jumbled up inside of me. "Three weeks after we lost the baby, I … well, I just had this feeling that – I don't know how to explain it." I pulled my hands away, crossing them over my chest. "I started to wonder if it had even been real – not because I wasn't feeling the pain of it, God knows I was. But … because the baby was with us for such a short time. Like, w-we'd barely even been able to comprehend what was happening before it was snatched away. And I hated it. I hated that feeling … the temporality." I shook my head, frustrated at the way the words seemed so inadequate. "So I had to – I wanted to do something to make it real, permanent. Our child was taken from us before we even got to hold him or her, but that excitement and joy we felt—and then the pain and grief—it was real, all of it, and I wanted to …" I trailed off, wondering if I'd made any sense at all. Bella wiped her eyes, sniffling. "I understand," she said, her voice breaking. She was quiet for a long time, and when she spoke, her words were like being doused with ice cold water. "Do you blame me? Is–" "Of course not." How could she even think that? I felt her fingertip trace across my tattoo again. "You didn't talk to me. Why d-didn't you talk to me? You barely look at me." Her voice grew higher and more strained. "The doctor cleared me a month ago to have sex again and you haven't even tried to touch me. You're so far away, and I–I've needed you. I need you." I am an idiot. I've made this so much worse, thinking I was giving her what she wanted, what she needed. "Bella–" She continued, her voice breaking. "Maybe it was my fault. Maybe it w-was that … that piece of brie I ate two days before? Or maybe it was because I–" "No." "You don't even know–" I cut her off again, my voice hard. "No." Her lips pressed together, she looked at her hands as tears dripped into her lap. I took a deep breath and pushed myself to my feet. Sitting beside her on the bed, I wrapped an arm around her shoulders. She didn't resist as I pulled her close. "Sweetheart, no. It wasn't your fault, and it wasn't mine. It wasn't because of the cheese, or the vacuuming, or the painting, or because we had too much sex, or because of anything you did, or anything I did. There is – it's just …" I shook my head. "There's no reason, baby, and I know it sucks, and I know it hurts. But it – it just happened because it happened." "You d-don't … you … but I failed, Edward. How can I ever be a mom when I've failed before I've even started?" I grabbed her chin, trapping her gaze. I was careful not to hurt her, but I needed her to hear me. "You. Have. Not. Failed." "But–" "No. This is not your fault, and it's not mine." Tears started to slip down my cheeks. "But I'm so sorry, Bella. I'm s-so fucking sorry." We held each other and talked and cried, sharing all the thoughts we'd kept hidden from each other, until we fell asleep, our ankles tangled and Bella's head on my chest. One small step forward. And now, running my hands over Bella's back in the quiet of the early morning, I know. There is a child growing in her womb. And though I'm terrified, though I try to beat it away, I'm powerless against the joy I can feel swelling inside me, constricting my lungs and speeding my heart. Bella's pregnant. A/N: To all those of you who have experienced the pain and grief of losing a child - I am truly sorry that you know this heartbreak. My heart goes out to you. To BelieveItOrNot - thank you. You know how much your advice, honesty, encouragement and friendship mean to me. Thank you all so much for reading. Shell x