roll of my hips, and I can feel my own wild: hair, eyes, breaths, heartbeat. I roll languidly atop him, a slow, lazy fuck in a summer field beneath a quilt of stars. "I like this," I murmur, tracing the soaring bird on his shoulder. One of his hands leaves the grass and a thumb brushes across my nipple. "I like this ." I moan, and I've never come twice in a row before, but I might here, now, behind the church in which I've received communion. Riding a boy whose name I don't know but whose eyes I do. My moan makes those eyes glimmer, and he returns his hands to the grass, gripping tightly and watching all the most heated parts of me: chest, sex, lips, eyes. His hips lift to meet mine, and I move from my slow roll to a harder rock, rubbing my clit against him and leaning back on my knees, my nipples pointing toward the sky as my breasts bounce with the rest of me. I can feel him deep inside, and I feel debauched and sinful, fucking this boy beneath the sky, riding him with abandon, moaning and panting as we make a mess of each other. "You gonna come like this?" he pants out, and I nod, closing my eyes and seeing in my mind's eye the picture we make. Fucking. Flying. Free. Then his hands are back on my hips, and he's yanking me against him with every bounce, and the rhythm is perfect, and his dick is perfect, and he's perfect, and the thrill of a carnival ride has nothing, nothing on the absolute bliss that shoots through my body as I come around him. He sucks in a breath, and then, "I'm gonna come… fuck , I'm coming." And I can feel it, even through the barrier between us, and I use my last bit of strength to press down against him, taking him as deep inside as I can while he rides it out. Then I fold forward, pressing my sweaty torso to his, licking the summer salt from his skin, feeling his hot, damp breaths against my shoulder. I bite his neck before rolling off, stretching out beside him, already in love with the feel of the summer night on my bare skin. "Jesus," he gasps, staring at the sky, one hand pressed to the space between his chest and his stomach. And I stare at the back of the caravan that, in a few hours, will be packed up and headed out to some other nowhere town, taking its Ferris wheel and its cherry sno-cones and its beautiful, wild-haired boys with it. But I can feel the wild in my heart, and I know for the first time since I got home that I can make it through the summer. I turn my head to the side and gaze at his profile, his closed eyes, his remarkably long eyelashes, his soaring ink. And I wonder just looking at him if I might regret this tomorrow. But even if I do, oh, what a pretty regret he'll be. . . . I pluck at my skirt and shift on the wooden bench, feeling the delicious twinge of reminder of my wild-haired, wild-eyed carnival boy as I do so. My skin heats despite the air conditioning in the church, and I try to tamp down the memories of his pink tongue between my legs, his thighs sliding against mine, his hands on my breasts. I may be a shameless hussy, but there's no need to be a heathen. Especially when I'm sitting between my parents. "Thank you," comes Pastor Weber's booming voice from the pulpit, and I force thoughts of my debauchery from my mind as I look up. "There are so very many things I'm thankful for, and the past six years I've spent here with all of you have bestowed so many blessings upon me and my family that I can't begin to list them all. Suffice to say, I will miss our church family very much, even as I know that God sends us where we are meant to be, and He has determined that my family and I are meant to move on." I settle into the familiar rhythm of his voice, remembering when I was a child and I found it intimidating, as if just by virtue of being a man of God, Pastor Weber could read my mind. Now, I thank God that isn't the case. "I will always hold this church close to my heart, as I will all of you. And now, I'd like to formally introduce my replacement. I know many of you had the wonderful opportunity to meet him during the interview process, and we owe our committee a great thanks for finding the perfect fit for our church. It's my pleasure to introduce Pastor Carlisle Cullen." A blond, youngish man joins Pastor Weber at the front of the church, and when he faces the congregation full-on and smiles, the swoons from the church ladies are nearly audible. He looks less like he belongs in robes and more like he belongs in a calendar or on an underwear billboard. "Thank you, Pastor Weber. And thank you to the church – My family I feel very honored to be joining such a special community." He gestures toward the front pew. "I'd like to ask my family to come up so that I can introduce them as well." A woman with hair the color of a latte stands. "This is my wife, Esme," the new pastor says, gesturing toward her. A beautiful girl with blond hair and eyes the color of aquamarine. "And my daughter, Rosalie." And suddenly, as the third person rises from the front pew, my heart is hammering in my chest. I know that hair. Those eyes. That mouth. That mouth. "And this is my son, Edward." Oh, what a pretty regret, indeed. . . .