been more than that. More than just "partners in crime." From the first time we walked home from school together, wearing the same shoes and discovering we were reading the same book, we've been connected on some other level. We had fun with the rest of our friends, mucking around, talking shit, laughing. Experimenting. They had our backs and we had theirs. A boisterous group of girls and guys who didn't give a shit about labels—on clothes, CDs, or people. Misfits all of us, the "leftovers" who'd rejected, and been rejected by, cliquism. We were happier for it. But with you… There's always been something more. Some kinship, something felt but unnamed. An understanding that who we were yesterday might not be who we wanted to be tomorrow. We gave each other the space to be whoever we needed to be. And taking, giving, that space? Somehow it brought us closer. … We were sprawled on your bed and the new blonde streaks your mom insisted you try "for the summer" were bright against the purple comforter. You smile told me I was in trouble. "Tell me a secret," you said. "You know them all." Anything I ever needed to hide from my mother, my friends—you were probably by my side when I did it or said it. You pouted, lips shiny with the gloss you picked out that afternoon when we filled my prescription. It was red and sticky-looking, smelled like cherries. Tasted gross. "Aw, come on. There must be something I don't know about you." I rolled onto my back, looked up at your ceiling. Johnny Depp no longer smoldered above me. He'd fallen down about six months earlier, leaving three pieces of Blu-tak behind. Maybe you didn't know everything about me, but you knew all the important things. "I write really bad poetry." "I know. I've read most of it." My hands made fists as I turned my head back to you. "You what?" You shrugged. Didn't even look guilty. "The Moleskine in your desk drawer." I looked for the anger I should have felt at your invasion. It must've been running late. It'd probably show up, huffing and red-faced, the perfect words ready, an hour after I went home. "It's not so bad," you said. "But you've gotta have a better secret than that." I pushed the hair off my forehead. "Why don't you just ask me? If there's something you really want to know." You were quiet, too quiet. "Bella?" "My mom says… I mean, it doesn't make any difference to me, either way… But my parents, they think you're gay." I waited. Your gaze met mine and I could see nothing different in the way you looked at me. It wasn't the first time I'd been asked that—or accused of it—but I could see that no matter how I answered, I'd still just be Edward to you. "Are you?" "I–I don't think so," I said. "Is that a no?" Was it? I'd only had sex with girls—well, a girl. Only a few months previously, during the summer break before junior year. We had fun, but then Tanya went back to the small seaside town she came from and I never heard from her again. But before I met Tanya, I'd had a… crush, I suppose, on Pete Stevenson. It lasted a few months. He was kind of pretty and he had these ridiculously long eyelashes and those blue eyes and I liked the way he looked at me. And he was a guy. So I couldn't say I wasn't gay. "It's… complicated." You said nothing, waited for me to explain. "I– Do I have to be one or the other?" "You're bi?" "N–no." I sucked on my bottom lip for a moment. "Maybe. I've liked girls and guys… but I don't really…" There was a painting I hadn't seen before tacked to the board over your desk. Pink feathers, huge round eyes, green claws. An owl. The painting was childlike, but the writing in the corner wasn't. Probably something one of the twins had done at school. "Edward?" Your voice wobbled. I wondered if you'd understand. "Can't I just be interested in a person. Not a whole–" I waved a hand "–group of them? I usually like one person at a time, you know?" You considered that, twirling a piece of hair around your index finger. "Yeah," you said. "That makes sense." You sat up, took my hand in yours, and began tracing patterns across my palm. It tickled, and it took effort not to curl my fist, to still your fingers. "Maybe," you said, the tip of your finger moving across one of the lines cut into my palm, "it's really not that complicated. Maybe you just love who you love." I closed my fingers. Not because my palm was too sensitive—because my heart was. You'd been my best friend for eight years and right then I knew you would be for the rest of my life. You understood the things I couldn't even put into words. You got me. … I've turned that memory over in my mind countless times. If it were a photograph, it would've long since faded, the oil of my fingertips degrading it as I tried to commit every detail to memory. Lying here, watching a few wisps of smoke from the neighbor's chimney curl over the street, with the colored lights of Christmas blinking in my peripheral vision and the heavy smells of burning wood and roasting meat in my nose, and with your silence ringing in my ears, it's like I'm breathing in understanding with the winter air. It's something I think I've always known, but it feels brand new and exhilarating, too. Maybe you just love who you love , you said. Maybe I just love you. More soon. Shell x P.S. BelieveItOrNot and I (daisyandphoebe) are currently writing Heart's Desire (Ceanothus gloriosus) . It's in my favourites if you want to join us there.