room as he began smoothing the chiseled spots with sandpaper. Watching his lips blow away the simplest obstruction from the design that softened the look of the beam, she imagined how the same actions would feel against her skin. What would his seemingly gentle touch feel like? Rough? Callused? Smooth? Or would it matter, considering the attention he showered on the beam—the new object of her frustration. "Lord, are you trying to kill me?" Edward mumbled to himself, looking at the woman sleeping on the staircase as he took a break. The sounds that emanated from her proved she was uncomfortable, and it took a few minutes to figure out what he could do to help. Besides, she was still a distraction, the hint of blue was still taking his mind to places he didn't want, or have the right, to go. How someone could fall asleep, sitting in that position, wasn't beyond his understanding. It had to be from pure exhaustion. A long flight maybe? Edward felt like a pervert as he stood there watching her, a peeping Tom. He smirked as his eyes traveled past her red painted toes and landed on the heels that had slipped from her hands and rested at the base of the stairs. Walking over, he picked up the shoes, planning on setting them out of the way. He shook his head when he realized the woman before him wore a size seven-and-a-half, and the black patent leather shoes were not Louis Vuitton or some other famous designer but some company called Five PMbut he didn't know anything about shoe designers, so the point was moot. Maybe Alice wasn't like the rest of the woman who had tried to take advantage of his friend. He placed the shoes to the side of the staircase and then worked his way around the woman without disturbing her. He chuckled when he thought he heard her snore. He wandered around the rooms, soaking in the details he hadn't had time to view in person. He knew the photos Emmett had sent him didn't do the house justice. Noticing the bedrooms were furnished and decorated, he grabbed a plush blanket from one of the guest rooms and returned to the staircase. If he hadn't been exhausted when he noticed the slide that ran along the staircase, or if the owner of the house had not been sleeping at the bottom, he thought it would have been fun to let his inner kid out just this once. Besides that, he had a lavender duvet in his hands that he planned on covering her up with. Also, he still had real work that needed to be done. "And when in the hell did I fall asleep?" she added, not realizing she was speaking out loud. Her eyes opened and she blinked at the sound of a gentle chuckle. "About six hours ago," a deep, rustic voice said, growing closer with each word. Trying to focus, her eyes lolled back and forth until she saw him standing a few feet away. He snapped the collar of his jacket back into place before adjusting his tie. His jaw was only a little darker than the night before, but his hair was still beautifully disheveled. Looking around, she noticed the mess from the night before was gone. Looking up, she smiled. The new beam was in place ... and it was perfect. "Now why couldn't Edward Masen have shown that kind of attention to detail?" she asked, still more asleep than awake to have a verbal filter. "What?" she asked confused at his low chuckle. "He did, and thank you, Alice. You are very entertaining when you're asleep. Don't be too hard on Ms. Swan; the beam wasn't really her fault," the man continued. "Stop," she barked. "You are confusing me. It's too early for this shit without coffee," she rattled on. "And ... Alice? You think I'm Alice? And what do you mean Edward Masen did? Wait, don't answer that yet," she said, letting go of a blanket she didn't remember getting as she tried to stand. God, I hate you Jasper, Edward thought as he stepped closer, catching the woman by the arm before she fell down the last three steps. "Not much of a morning person, are you?" Edward chuckled again. Between the confused look and the impression of the wrought iron ingrained into her cheek, the woman was a sight to behold. Her confused words replayed quickly, making him just as confused as she looked. He felt his brows pull deep together as he tried to weigh their meaning. "You're not Alice?" he asked with a somewhat hopeful tone. Was it possible? Could she really be ... He was fucked if she was! "I'm Isabella Swan, and who exactly are you?" she asked, more alert now that she hadn't fallen down the last few steps and into the strong arms of the man before her. "I'm Edward Masen. It's a pleasure to finally meet you." Maybe the lack of sleep was affecting him more than he wanted to believe, but looking into her eyes gave him a new burst of energy. "I really hate to introduce myself and leave again, but I have a ten a.m. flight to Oregon. I really hope we get to meet again soon, Ms. Swan." "You're ... you're Edward Masen, as in Masen Builders?" Bella asked as she followed him to the door. "With the way people talk about you, I thought you would be older, somehow." "Next time, Ms. Swan. As I said, I really have to catch this flight." Bella stood at the brink, leaning against the open door. "Next time, Mr. Masen. Definitely next time, " she said, whispering at the end. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.