me. I looked quickly away from her, but not before I noticed that her eyes, which I had thought were dark before, were a shockingly bright shade of green. Mr. Banner signed my slip, and handed me a book without a word about introductions, for which I was rather grateful. Of course he had no choice but to send me off to the only empty seat on the room. I kept my eyes on the floor as I went to sit next to her , bewildered as I was by the look she was giving me. What was wrong with her?! As I took my seat, I saw her lean away from me until she was sitting on the extreme edge of her chair. Her face was half turned away, as if she smelled something repulsive. I tried to inconspicuously sniff my underarms. They smelled like my generic deodorant, an innocent enough smell. Not my underarms, then. My hair, perhaps? I sniffed at my hair. It smelled like my shampoo, which was as ubiquitous as my deodorant. If not my underarms, then not my hair either. I shook my head a little, both to clear it and to better let my hair shield my face (no haircut in my immediate future, obviously). I took out my notebook and tried to pay attention to the lecture Mr. Banner was giving. Unfortunately, the subject was cellular anatomy, which I had already studied back in Phoenix. I took notes anyway, as it gave me an excuse to not look at my strange neighbor. Occasionally, though, I couldn't resist a quick peek down at her. She sat on the very edge of her seat, tense as a bowstring, never moving or relaxing the whole hour. That lecture seemed to last an eternity, and I wanted nothing more than to be out of it. Was this Amanda Cullen's normal behavior? If so, I felt a lot more respect for Joel for ever daring to ask her out. But it couldn't have anything to do with me ; she didn't know me from Adam. Then, so suddenly that I almost jumped, the bell rang loudly. Instantly, Amanda gathered up her books and was out of her seat almost before I could blink. She flew out the door more quickly than I would have believed possible. I sat still, trying to gather my senses. I had just met the most beautiful girl in the whole universe, and she despised me. Come on, Brax, pull it together. It's not the first time a girl you like has taken exception to you. "Aren't you Abraxas Abelard?" said a girl's voice. I blinked. Standing by my chair was a pretty auburn-haired girl with large blue eyes and a friendly smile. "Brax," I said, smiling back. "I go by Brax." "I'm Marissa Newton. Do you need any help finding your next class?" "I'm headed to the gym, actually. I think I can find it." "Really? My next class is gym too!" She seemed quite excited about it, though I was not too surprised. This was a small school. She walked with me to the gym. Like Joel, Marissa was a chatterer, and she supplied most of the conversation, which made it easier for me. As it turned out, she was in my English class as well as Biology and P. E. Nicest person I'd met today. As we went into the gym, Marissa asked me, "By the way, what did you do to Amanda Cullen? I've never seen her act like that before. She looked like she was going to throw up." So that wasn't her usual behavior, and I wasn't the only one who'd noticed. "I didn't do anything," I said. "I didn't even talk to her." "Strange girl." Marissa lingered by me. "All I can say is, if I were lucky enough to sit next to you, I would have spoken to you." And she disappeared into the girls' locker room before I could reply. I tried to work out if she was flirting with me as I went into the boys' locker. Coach Clapp, the Gym teacher, found a uniform for me but did not make me dress down for today's class. In Phoenix, only two years of P.E. were required in high school; here it was mandatory all four years. Living in Forks had its disadvantages. I sat and watched four games of volleyball running at the same time and tried not to think of the number of asthma attacks I'd had in P.E. I had always been among the last to get picked for a team. At last the bell rang, and I left the gym. After P.E. I had band practice in building five. That class was very small; in fact, there was only one violinist apart from me. The director, Mrs. Evans, was very happy to see me. She did not make me introduce myself, but she did ask to hear a selection which would show what I could do. I played Gretry's Tambourin from Suzuki book 8, which I was finishing. Mrs. Evans seemed pleased by this, and put me on the front row - that is, next to Claire, the one other violinist. That particular class passed without incident. The violin had always been my strongest point, so I was able to keep up without difficulty. After class was over, I headed back to the office with my slip. "How was your first day, dear?" asked the red-haired receptionist. "Oh, fine," I said absently. She raised her eyebrows at me. When I reached my truck, it was almost the last car in the lot. I climbed inside and sat for a few minutes staring out the windshield. But soon I was cold enough to need the heater, so I turned the key and the engine roared to life. I drove back to my father's house, trying without much success not to think about Amanda Cullen. What do you think? Should I continue?