me pinned there. "What?" Marcus' head whipped up and looked at me in shock. "They will know what to do." Marcus eyed me speculatively, but I didn't want more questions. I wanted him to give me the best orgasm of my life, kill me and then lay my body at their feet. That would certainly give me a nice pat on the back. Job well down Swan. My soul was damned either way, so I didn't care about my last minute actions. I just kissed him. I needed to get on with this. I felt Marcus tongue push softly into my mouth. Years of experience I guess. The venom was doing all types of tingly things to my mouth. He stopped and I thought he would not finish, but he then leaned up and removed his jacket and shirt. I was drawn to his chest and I ran my fingers and hand all over it. "So warm…" He muttered. "So cold…" I said at the same time. We both had needs and they would be met tonight. Marcus then leaned down and began to caress me over my clothes. I did not beg for more because he was certainly doing me the favor. Yet I knew in some way I was helping him as well. I began to pant and my breath was flowing over his body. For every pant he would growl. Next thing I knew my shirt was ripped off and then my pants. I laid there bare for him and was beginning to blush. "We have no time for shyness, Isabella." He leaned up and captured my breast into his mouth. My hands immediately went to his hair and I loved the rough, yet soft control of his touch. He gave the other the same treatment and I was on fire. I had cherished the chill of Marcus' touch, but it was so cold that it burned deep within me. His cold fingers made their way down my stomach to my aching clit. He was not wasting time. "I'm going to make you come, Isabella and I really want to hear you say MY name." "Yes…." He began to swirl his finger around my clit and I was in ecstasy. I had only ever been with Sam, but I sincerely doubted if I could ever find anything close the feeling of his fingers. He took his middle finger and gently pushed into me. I moaned and began kissing him again. He added another and the icy seduction was breaking down every functioning piece of me. Marcus' thumb circled my clit as his pushed another finger into me. "Ugh…feels…so good." I managed to get out. "You're so wet for me…" He pulled out his fingers and put them into his mouth. I was about to be upset that he stopped. However seeing him taste me, drove me crazy. "…and you taste as good as you smell." He plunged his fingers back into me and I was again set on fire. I was close…so close. It was feeling so good that I knew this orgasm was going to feel beyond… "MARCUS!" "Yes, Isabella, come for me." And I did and it felt like it would not stop. Before I was even coming down from my high, Marcus' pants were off and he was lining up to enter me. I moaned out as I felt him ease it to me. It was ridiculously perfect. I loved the way he felt and I was so turned on that there was no way in hell I would be numbed by his cold. "Marcus yes, please more." "Yes Isabella….you feel so warm, so good." It was great to hear that he was feeling the same, that I was able to give him this feeling. He pushed deep into me and I felt so full. He began to rock back and forth. I started to meet him thrust for thrust with my hips. There was a tinge of pain, but I was really starting to like it wrapped up in the pleasure. I threaded my fingers in his hair and gripped his waist with my legs tighter. It didn't matter if I was going to bruise. He was panting in my ear when my next orgasm crashed into me unexpectedly. "YES MARCUS!" "That's right Isabella. Again and again." He then lifted us so that I was sitting on his lap. Marcus brought me up and down on him. I was going to loose my mind before my death even came. His grip was getting tight and I knew he was coming close to his end as well. In that moment I did not want to do this, I wanted to be in this moment forever with Marcus. "Now Marcus please!" "Isabella…ugh." Marcus then pushed my head to the side as he continued to bury himself into me. He licked up my neck and then bit into it. The sharpness of the pain had me coming hard. It was a great intensity all over. I could not stop screaming his name. Upon his first gulp I felt him climax as well. He pushed deep within and gripped my hip with his other hand as he sucked. I felt my bone pop in his hand, but I could not stop the orgasm and the pain that was tingling from my neck. His name was nothing now but a whisper. I felt myself slowly falling back down on the bed and I was getting less and less coherent. I could feel nothing, I was slipping. This was my end and I would finally get the rest I wanted. With my last breath I said what I could. "Your promise. Goodbye Marcus." And with that there was darkness. A/N: I wrote this all with this pressure to get it out. It was a desire to tale this story of Bella had she been forgotten. It is a one shot, but who knows. Hope you enjoyed it either way.