Claire and her car seat. Dad is helping Bella in the house. I set Claire down on the coffee table, Mom right there watching her, and grab her bassinette which we stationed in the bedroom. She slept well in the car, but now that we're stationary again she's fussing. Bella takes her to change her and feed her in the nursery, wanting some privacy. A short while later, Bella brings out a sleeping Claire and sets her in the bassinette. We all immediately surround her and watch her sleep. I tuck Bella under my arm and hug her. "She's beautiful, just like her mama," I tell her. She smiles up at me, "She is beautiful. Let's let her rest." We head into the kitchen, and Bella lets out a big yawn. "Why don't you go lay down, dear," my mother says. "No, I'd like to visit with you for a little bit. I'll lie down a little later." "Okay, but we won't be offended if you said you wanted to rest now. It's best to nap when the baby does." "You're right, Esme. You sure you're okay?" My mother cuts her off immediately, "Go!" "Yes, ma'am." Bella gives me a kiss and heads toward the bedroom. "Thanks, Mom. She thinks she's superwoman and can do this all on her own. I don't want her to wear herself out the first day Claire is home." I stay with Bella through Monday morning, when I have to go back to school. Usually I would have gone back Sunday night, but I wanted to be with her as much as possible. My parents are staying at a small motel near Bella's, one they would usually never approach, but they want to be close. My parents leave the following weekend, and Bella admits having my mother there the first week was a huge help. For the next few weeks, Bella does amazing with Claire. She sings at every nap time and at night. When I'm there, I listen and marvel at how beautiful her voice is. I even pull out my iPhone to record her. I comment how much I love her lullabies and play one for her. She looks at me with a huge smile. "Edward, I have a crazy idea. What if I release a CD of lullabies? I could sing, there would be no tour, but it could help other mothers with their babies." "I love the idea! Can you do that?" "I'll check with Leah and see what she thinks." I can hear the "Hell, yeah!" through the phone, so I'm guessing that's good. Once school is out, I live full time at Bella's for the summer. She recorded ten lullabies, and sales are phenomenal. Fans of her lullabies means her back catalog has started to sell as well. Bella refuses all offers of tours so she can stay home with Claire. For my second year at school, we decide I'll continue to live at Bella's and commute. A friend of mine, Riley Biers, has an apartment near campus, so if I really can't stand the commute one night, I can crash there, but I can't imagine that ever happening. ~~~MS~~~ The week before school starts back up, I awaken to the sound of Bella retching in the bathroom. "Baby, are you okay?" "Ugh. I think dinner must not have agreed with me." We had Chinese Food from the same carry out we always buy from. After about an hour, Bella is fine and even hungry. I give her some toast and tea, and she's able to keep that down. The next morning, the same thing happens. This reminds me a whole lot of what went on when Bella was eight weeks pregnant with Claire. "Bella. Do you think, maybe, you might be pregnant?" She looks up at me with tears in her eyes. "I've been thinking the same thing." Bella hadn't gone on birth control after Claire was born, because she was still breastfeeding on occasion, so we used condoms. I run out and buy four different pregnancy tests. Back at home, Bella uses them and lines them up. Positive, four times. "How could this happen?" she asks. "Well, we have been pretty active," I say with a smirk. Then I became totally serious. "Bella, I'll take care of you." She shakes her head, "No, we're in this together." Bella delivers a healthy baby girl, Emily Grace, on April 1. My parents are here for her birth. Bella and my mother have become very, very close. Bella is the daughter my parents always wanted, and she truly loves my parents as if they were her own. When Emily is 14 months old, I turn 21 and immediately propose to Bella. She had just recorded a CD for toddlers to go along with the lullabies. The record label is clamoring for new music for the general public, but Bella refuses. She's happy singing songs to our two little girls, and that's enough. We decide to marry on December 24, and I finally, officially, adopt Claire. Jasper, Alice, Emmett, and Rose all join my parents for the wedding, with Leah and Sam there, as well. I was the first to marry. Emmett and Jasper marry their girls the following year. ~~~MS~~~ I excel at school and my residency, and I am offered a position at one of the most prestigious OB/GYN offices in Los Angeles. Bella never once complains about my long hours or the ridiculous number of patients who flirt with me. Through it all, I only ever have eyes for Bella. We decide after Emily was born to not have any more children. I insist on getting a vasectomy, as I don't want to put Bella's body through any more than it had been. It's amazing to think those two concerts I attended of Bella's just a few years ago would lead me to a wife, two amazing daughters, and a career. I wouldn't change it for the world.