else close to you. I hoped she wasn't one of those who expected me to act like she was family. "Technically, we met when you were a baby, but of course you don't remember that." Iris paused then, her expression changing to one that I came to recognize over the course of her father's passing. "I spoke with your father before he died. He told me you were coming back to Washington to live with your aunt. I only wished I could have been there to say goodbye. Your parents—they were dear to me. Your mother was like my own sister." I nodded, as always finding it difficult to respond in such situations. A hard lump formed in my throat. Despite the preparation and the knowledge that death would come for my father, it never made it easier to think about it. The worst had passed, but every day came with struggle. Besides, knowing this woman was close to my mom almost made me feel jealous, that someone I barely knew got more time with her than I did. Iris reached across the counter where we stood diagonal and patted my hand affectionately. "Don't worry, honey, you don't have to say anything. In fact, that's not why I came here in the first place." She set down the mug of coffee, then continued, "I live on the reservation with my husband and my two sons, Jared and James. We would love for you and your brother to come over sometime for dinner. Tonight, even. Jared and a few of his friends are coming, and I always cook for a whole brood. Teenage boys—you wouldn't believe the appetite on them. Of course, you and your husband are invited, too, Sophie." "That's so nice of you, Iris. Well—we don't have any plans," said Sophie. "It would be good for Theo to meet some friends his own age," Dominic agreed. The three collectively looked at me for approval. I nodded. "Sounds great." Not that it seemed like much of a choice for me anyway. "Perfect! How does five-thirty sound? Sophie, I'll message you my address. It's not ten minutes from here." Once Iris left, I sat down to eat some breakfast. Some time later, Theo descended from his bedroom, his dark hair messily splayed atop his head, wearing mismatched pajamas. Dominic had left to take Finn for a walk, so it was me and Sophie at the counter, talking about Iris. "Want some eggs?" offered Sophie, pointing to the plate of eggs leftover near the stove. Theo shook his head. "You got cereal or something?" "In the cupboard to the left of the fridge," she replied, pointing. My brother took out a box of Trix and poured himself a heaping bowl, along with milk. He chose to sit next to me, spooning the sugary cereal into his mouth rather quickly. "So, your parent's old friend stopped by this morning," Sophie started, looking at Theo. "She invited us to their house for dinner, in La Push. She has a son your age." Theo wrinkled his face in displeasure, his spoon paused halfway. "No, thanks." I rolled my eyes, exchanging familiar glances with my aunt. "It's not that big a deal. Besides, you might make some friends." Sophie grinned at her nephew, trying to convince him. His face remained blank. "Come on, Theo—it's not like you actually have to be friends with them. Would it kill you to go? And I'll...I don't know, you'll get something in return." This last statement caught my brother's interest. Anything he did was purely self-motivated. If he got something as a result, that almost guaranteed his commitment. "Promise me I don't have to go to school for the rest of the year and you got a deal," he bargained, smirking. I smacked his arm. Sophie sighed. "That's not an option. A new game for your Xbox or something, maybe..." Theo seemed to consider this for a moment, taking his time to chew and swallow his theory. Smart ass. If I were Sophie, I'd tell him he had no choice. He was the kid, after all. I knew Sophie tried to be as accommodating as possible, considering what he'd been through. She didn't want to make an enemy out of him; I couldn't blame her too much. "I'll consider it," he finally answered. Sophie sighed, satisfied enough with that. I, on the other hand, could sense that she really wanted to make a good impression with Iris, for whatever reason, so I brought out the big guns. With a soft voice I nudged him with my elbow. "Come on, Theo. Think how much it would mean to Mom." I saw the flash of guilt cross his face. Granted, it was kind of messed up of me, knowing what I knew. Theo had a soft spot for guilt trips related to Mom. Since she died during childbirth, he had the notion that her death was his fault, despite the insistence from my father that it was merely an unrelated and unknown medical condition that caused it. My brother was stubborn, though, and, as my aunt and uncle said, it would be good for him to socialize a little bit. Purely good intentions, I swear. "Fine," he grumbled. Finishing off the last of his cereal, he pushed back the chair and put the dirty bowl in the sink, sulking back upstairs to disappear until later that night. "Alba, you have to teach me how to do that." AN: You got through the first chapter! I know it's a lot of set up and stuff, but bare with me. I hope that you all liked it. In the next chapter, we will meet a lot of the wolves and introduce all the fun characters we (I lol) know and love. Please REVIEW. Tell me if you liked it, loved it, hated it, or anything in between. Constructive criticism welcome. If I see interested readers, I will be even more motivated to continue. XOXO