toy. I glance over at my alarm clock seeing it was almost time to get up anyway, I need a shower and for once I was going to do it by myself. I'm not helpless or a baby I can do this if I take my time. Once the decision was made it wasn't that hard or bad, now to try something daring, dress myself for once without 'Alice's' input. Where on earth were my clothes, I stare at the array of skirts and dresses before me and I am livid. Then I spotted it right at the back of my cupboard a black bag, getting down on my hands and knees I pull it out into the daylight and peer in, "yup" I thought so, my jeans and tops are all bundled inside. Now I know some of my stuff is past its best but not all of it is rubbish even if 'Alice' thinks it is, my mum scrapped together the cash so I would have some decent clothes to wear here in 'Forks. So retrieving my good jeans the ones that actually make my bum look half decent and then turning to her stuff I find a top that isn't blue, sheesh there are more colours in the spectrum. "But blue's 'Edwards' favourite colour on you", I can imagine hearing it in my head; well the jeans are blue so he can like it or lump it. I know she has seen my choices and that she won't be pleased and I really don't care and just to rub it in I put on my one well worn converse trainer, Looking at myself in the mirror I put on a touch of lip gloss and that's it. My skin is my best feature it's flawless so why cover it up or clog up my pores with unneeded make-up. While I do this I think directly at her that I want all of the things I don't like or will never wear out of my wardrobe and gone by the time I get off work tonight, it's not as if she didn't already know this she just disregarded the vision because it didn't fit in with her plans. Once downstairs I have breakfast with 'Charlie' and tell him I want a lift to school, this surprises him but he says nothing. When I arrive at school they are both waiting for me and 'Alice' looks totally upset with me, she starts right in as they reach me. Why wasn't I wearing all the nice things she got for me, I told her if she liked them that much she should wear them because I never would. So far 'Edward' has said nothing and I can't decide what he's thinking about this change in my attitude, but I will not be backing down. Meanwhile 'Alice' is still grumbling and whining in my ear and it's getting on my nerves, has no one ever said no to her before because she really does not like this turn of events at all. So before I storm off in a strop I ask her what's the point in having visions if she just disregards them to suit herself, her answer doesn't just surprise me, when I see all the other 'Cullens' heads swivel to look at her, as she admits she always has done. Now this changes everything, they all start reeling off events covering the last fifty years and ask if she chose the best outcome for them or herself on each occasion, after a super fast out of human ears range conversation 'Rosalie' storms off back to the car and 'Jasper' is on the phone I assume to 'Carlisle'. I don't need to have visions to see a family meeting in the near future. 'Edward' is now looking at me strangely and it almost feels that he is running our whole relationship through his head and then looking at the times 'Alice' told him what he should do and realising maybe for the first time he shouldn't have been asking her but me instead. I hope he understands that I didn't take a stand to hurt him but to let him see I have a voice and sometimes, "hey" I'm right and he is not. After all being one hundred and seven doesn't give you brains, just experience if you're prepared to heed it. I keep telling him that just because he can read the surface thoughts of the people around him, doesn't mean that's all there is to that person, after all how many times have we all thought about killing someone, but it is just a passing thought never meant to be heard because we will never act on it. This new revelation has lead to a new level of communication with the whole family, they now ask me would I like or do I want something and not assuming they know better than me or that I will make the wrong choice. Of course I will because that's what being human is all about we learn from our mistakes not avoid the whole thing by using visions, as they have been doing for more than fifty years. As for 'Alice' she has been learning not to jump in and let us all make our own decisions first and also let us change our minds too, she now only steps in if it's life threatening or could give away their secret. Just in case you were wondering, the prom came and went and we did not go, in fact we went to 'Port Angeles' to the cinema, held hands and shared gentle but passionate kisses in the back row. This I told him was an extremely important rite of passage for all humans, as well as being fun. He's learning slowly how to relax and stop taking everything so seriously, I tend to forget he really is only a typical insecure seventeen year old boy deep down inside.