own and step back. "Come here. You're too far away and you have entirely waaay too many clothes on." I slip my hands under his shirt, lifting it up and off. We are standing there, both topless, staring at each other for a while. The gravity of what we are about to do is making my nerves kick in. "I don't do this," I blurt out. "Sex. Wait! I mean I've had sex… lots of sex. Well, not really lots compared to you, I suppose…. Sex with a stranger, is what I meant. I just want you to know that. I don't want you thinking that I'm a slut or whatever. I just…I feel like… I'm under some sorta spell ever since you walked in. God, now you must think I'm such a…." He cuts me off before I can continue my nervous rambling. "Kiss me." He pouts, grasping my hands and pulling me closer. Looking in his eyes, I saw one thing reflected back at me; desire. That look right there is enough to calm my nerves. I meet his mouth with mine and run my tongue under his bottom lip. "You are killing me, sweetheart," he moans. I am about to respond when he puts his finger up to my lips and nods to quiet me. "No more talking," he whispers. I place a kiss on his fingertip before he trails it down my neck, across my collarbone and continues down, down, down. My skin feels like he has left a burning fire in his wake and he pushes my pants down and kneels before me like I am a goddess to be worshipped. He looks up at me standing there in only my panties and I see a flicker of something I can't quite identify before he hides his face by burying it right at the juncture of my legs. Holy fuck , a rush of tingles goes straight to my pussy and I feel like my knees are about to give out. Before I know what's happening, he moves me to lay back on the couch but remains kneeling between my legs. He grabs my hips and practically rips my panties off, replacing them with his face. His tongue starts doing the most delectable things to my body. He inserts his fingers inside me and I am about to fall apart. "I'm not done with you yet." He places wet kisses on my thighs, working his way up my stomach and breasts. I grab his face and pull him up to meet my lips. I can taste myself on him but it doesn't matter because all I can think about is the ache I feel for him to be inside of me. I can hear the sound of him unwrapping a condom for a brief second right before he pulls me up and flips me over so that I am now kneeling on the floor with his front to my back. Edward is throwing me around like a ragdoll and I can't find it in me to care. He moves my hair to the side and places a languid kiss on my shoulder, lightly biting and sucking the skin as his hand moves down to massage my clit. I moan as his free hand grabs my hair, bunching it up at the nape of my neck, tugging it gently while he sucks harder on my neck. That's going to leave a mark but it will totally be worth it. His grasp tightens in my hair. Just when I'm about to groan in pain, he extends his arm pushing my head down bending me over and sheathes his cock inside of me. "Mmm, you like that, kitten? You like my big cock inside of you? He thrusts up as he pulls my hair, making my back arch. "You want me to fuck you harder?" His hand is still between my legs and he pinches my clit. "Ah, gawd, Edward. Fuck!" My arms brace me from face planting right into the cushions but they feel like they are about to give out. He wedges my legs wider with his knees and continues thrusting inside of me as his fingers play my pussy like a masterpiece. The overwhelming mix of pleasure and pain from him pulling my hair has me on sensation overload and my orgasm hits me hard . He lets go of my hair and puts his arm under mine, grasping my shoulder and bringing me back upright against him. I turn my neck to kiss him as he continues to thrust inside of me. His hands grab my breasts and gently squeeze as he lets go and comes inside of me. We are spent, out of breath and a hot sweaty mess. His head is resting on my shoulder and I'm leaning back on him. I feel like I should say something but I don't know what so I just giggle. "Not a good time to laugh, sweetheart." His mouth is at my ear and his arms come around me, hugging me to him. "Sorry, but it's not a bad thing. I'm just at a loss for words. You just fucked me speechless." He slides his arms out from around me, pulling back, and I instantly feel the loss. I don't want this to end yet. He chuckles as he turns me around so that I am facing him. He pulls me tight against him, kissing my cheek. "I'm so glad I was referred to this place. I would have never met you otherwise." "Who do I need to give free services to in appreciation for the referral?" I smile and rest my hands on his chest. "I went to lunch yesterday with my old friend, Jasper and his wife. She said she worked here and would put me on the books for a wax. She must have forgotten to tell you or something." My eyes widened in surprise. "Wait, Alice booked you? Why that little…"