arm around her shoulders. He looked at Alice. "I like her, Alice. You have a way of picking all the good friends. Keep doing it," he chirped happily, and poked Bella's ribs. She jerked away, laughing. He lunged for her, and she screamed; running towards Randy and Tyler. They spent the whole night playing around, and watching the sky. Eventually, the group wandered over to her, as the aurora began to fade again. They formed a circle, and Bella struggled a little to start a bonfire. Randy, Tyler, Elliott, Stephanie, and Riley leaned towards her, and Jasper winced at the amount of anticipation radiating off of them. Bella looked at them smugly, and threw in a few more pieces of driftwood, watching the fire blaze brilliantly. "Well, as you all know, this week is aurora week. For the next six days, the aurora will grow longer, stronger, and brighter. Those scientists can explain it all in clear, logical equations why that is. But we all know it's not true. "Raise your hand if you haven't heard the vampire tales of the Quiletes. (No one raised their hands.) Good, makes this so much easier. We shouldn't believe what we see in those fiction bullshit Hollywood movies. Vampires don't burn in the sun, aren't allergic to garlic, or sleep ion coffins. Hell, I doubt they can even sleep. But they do drink blood. "A long time ago, a minister's son back in the fifteen hundreds or so, before Cromwell's rule, went on a hunt. A hunt for the nightly creatures of the damned. Witnesses have said they saw him get attacked, others say he disappeared. The vampire hadn't fed in months, thirsty and desperate he had attacked the son. And left him to a fate worse than those in hell on the cobblestone street. " Carlisle flinched; this story sounded startlingly similar to his own. Bella continued. "No one knows how the transition cam about, but after three days; he came out of the dark alley he had condemned himself too, and fled. He was horrified and what he had become; at the very thought of drinking blood from the very species he had once been grouped with. He ran to the countryside, where few people were; with fewer risk of thirst. But it burned him, engulfed him in such a way that he couldn't think straight. No one's sure whether he attacked anyone, but it's said he fed on animals. And that's how he got by "Years passed, and he went Italy. Met up with the equivalent of royalty of the vampires. The Volturri coven. They tried to sway him to their side; to their natural food source. (Bella scoffed.) They tried all means of persuasion, even resorting to the darkest, most desperate attempts. But the former preacher's son was like stone, strong and determined. But a century passed, and he grew lonely. "He went to the New World, after acquiring a few medical degrees. He couldn't make friends, for his kind, familiarity was dangerous. Too treacherous to keep without being found out. Chicago, late eighteen nineties. The Spanish influenza hit, along with a plunging rate of funerals and dead bodies. They say he changed a boy of seventeen; whose parents had died and had no chance of being remembered in the hectic buzz of the hospital. The boy was dying, and he was lonely. For centuries he had toyed with the idea of changing someone. Now was his chance. "He didn't exactly know how it'd work, so he just recreated the same wounds that had been inflicted on him when he was… changed, for lack of a better word. After hearing about his unusual way of hunting, other covens began to follow his lead. After that, he practically disappeared from the legends. Until that is some years ago, in this very town. They say that the Quilete wolves, or the La Push Pack, didn't like them at all. It's a well known fact vampires and werewolves just don't mix. But Elijah Black struck a treaty with them. They didn't step in the La Push territory, and they didn't tell anybody about their existence, or even step in Forks. "But that's irrelevant. They say that since vampires are damned, that their souls were destroyed during the transition. But certain people; (at this point, Tyler coughed out the word 'Bella', Elliott smacked his head, and Bella glared),believe that it isn't true. The souls of the vampires who try so hard to resist our blood, like the preacher's son, are rewarded for their abstinence. There are vampires who spent their whole existence trying to redeem themselves, and there, my friends, lies the true wonder. For in the strands of color and light of the aurora borealis, shines those poor souls. Shining with virtue, innocence, and compassion. To give them hope, that if they truly want to be salvaged, they must do as much good as they can in their time here." "And so, that's why the aurora is also known as 'The Light of Souls'." Bella sighed, and smiled; obviously exhausted from the story. Riley handed her a water bottle, which she downed in one gulp. The Cullens, somewhat confused at her accuracy, spoke up. "What makes you believe that vampires exist?" he asked, his voice flat. Bella looked at him blankly. "The La Push wolves are real. I'm just about open to anything." "And if you ever met those vampires you talked about, what would you do?" he replied, clinical as ever. "I'd probably have a heart attack from being happy and all, keep it a secret, and try to act normal," she admitted sheepishly. "Keep it a secret? You wouldn't tell anyone?" disbelief colored Edward's tone. "Never. I'd sooner throw myself off this cliff and down into those jagged rocks at the bottom," she half whispered. The Cullens could easily read the sincerity in her voice and her eyes. Even without Jasper there. They didn't know what to make of this.