to stay I gave in, to selfish ways And how I miss someone to hold When hope begins to fade... The tears spill down my face, as much as I tried to avoid it. I just don't understand why he didn't stay. He's famous, you idiot. You stupid, stupid little girl. So naive. The thought crosses my mind that he may have written that song for me, but that would be impossible. I was a one night stand; a conquest. Plus, they just said that he wrote it for his ex-girlfriend. This is ridiculous, I need to stop this. Pulling out of my parking space, I change the radio station and I'm metaphorically slapped in the face by Robert Smith's haunting voice and piercing lyrics. Yup, this works. Just in time for Bella's pity party. Shit…I'm going to be late. The rain somehow got heavier, and my windshield wipers are struggling to keep up with it. It's an absolute mess out here. It rains a lot here in Seattle, but this hard? It hasn't rained this hard in a while. Now I'm absolutely positive that no one's going to be coming in tonight. Another night of sitting in an empty diner, drinking coffee. "It was the sweetness of your skin, it was the hope of all we might have been that fills me with the hope to wish impossible things... …But now the sun shines cold and all the sky is grey the stars are dimmed by clouds and tears and all I wish is gone away… " I pull into the parking space closest to the door. I know for a fact that my mother will make a comment about my being late. Well, actually, she'll understand if she knows what's going on out here. That doesn't matter, as long as you got here safely, I know she'll say. Either way, I'm not in the mood to deal with her right now. Taking out my iPod, I shove it in my pocket, under my jacket and place my headphones into my ears. Pulling up my hood to keep my hair as dry as possible, I open the door and puddle jump my way to the door of the diner. I keep my eyes to the floor and the music playing in my ears is taking care of the rest as I make my way behind the counter and into the back room. I plop my stuff down on the table, taking off my jacket and adjusting myself. "Izzy, there you are!" My mom sings happily. "Yep, here I am," I say, perhaps a little too bitterly."Sorry I'm late." "Oh, honey. Don't worry about it, as long as you got here safely, that's all I care about…you know that." Told you— that's how well I know my mother. "How's it been tonight? I'm guessing pretty dead, right?" I attempt to make light conversation, despite my now sour mood. "Yeah, basically. Is everything okay, hun?" Mommy radar strikes again. "I'm just in a bit of a crappy mood. I…the rain, it's just bringing me down, I guess. I'm okay," I force a smile and she drops the Spanish Inquisition. "Well, I'm going to go, you're good here?" I nod. "Well, good. There's a lovely young man out there who's been keeping me company for the last little while. I think you'd be interested to know who it is…" A little mischievous grin forms on her face and I roll my eyes. "Mom, I swear to god, I have no plans on getting back together with Mike, okay? Now, I know you liked him, but he was just—" "Oh, honey, believe me, this is better than Michael, trust me ." She grabs her coat and purse and gives me a quick kiss on the cheek. "Bye honey." I sigh out loud as she leaves the room, and I untangle my iPod from my coat. I'm going to need this tonight. I don't want to be a bitch but I really don't care who's here, I just want to be left alone. I walk out of the back room, feeling a presence, but ignoring it. My back is immediately to him as I plug my iPod into the docking station and tie my hair up in a quick ponytail. Right, I should probably at least talk to the guy. So, I attempt it. "I hope my mother wasn't too terrible of company, she tends to get a little carried away sometimes," I say, and I only hear a gasp come from behind me. My curiosity gets the better of me as I turn around, where I'm staring into the eyes of Eddie Cullen. "Bella…" The sound of my name coming from his lips still makes me quiver. He stands up from his stool right away, causing me to jump a bit. I'm completely frozen and I don't know what to do. He looks down at a notebook in front of him, and back up to me. He moves his hand towards it and moves it, ever so slowly, towards me. He's studying my face, looking for any kind of reaction; I won't give him one, other than shock. Before this gets anymore awkward, he speaks first. "I wrote you a song." There it is, in BPOV. I figured that would be the easiest way to start this off. The next chapter will be in EPOV, and I haven't decided yet whether or not I'm going to alternate the point of views, or just leave it as EPOV. I feel like writing it in EPOV will give me more of a challenge, seeing as I'm not a guy. It's a bit hard to write the point of view of the opposite gender. Feel free to let me know what you think. Songs featured in this chapter: Walking After You - Foo Fighters Dear God - Avenged Sevenfold To Wish Impossible Things - The Cure Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts! xo