only then how shaky she feels. How easy it would have been to have Edward, Bella, her family ripped from her in that moment. No. She would – and will – do anything to keep that from coming to pass. So plans are great and all, but now Alice can't stop pacing in her and Edward's room. "I can hear you," Rosalie shouts from the next room. "No you can't," Alice shouts back. "Do you need to yell?" Esme calls from downstairs. Alice huffs and goes into Rosalie's room. "What do you expect me to do?" "Edward will be back soon," Rosalie says, calm as anything behind her copy of this month's Vanity Fair. "If things don't go horribly wrong," Alice points out. "Your plan is air-tight," Rosalie says. "They almost always are." "Someone's life is literally on the line, Rose, I don't want to rely on 'almost always air-tight' – " "You're a psychic," Rosalie interrupts, shutting the magazine and looking up at her. "I think you might have managed it." "I can't tell the future, I can tell possible futures," Alice argues, her mind racing with fretting the more she talks. "And there are possible futures where this doesn't work at all!" p align="center" "You're not listening to me." Rosalie picks up the magazine again. "Go on and pace, I can ignore you." Alice shakes her head at Rosalie and goes downstairs again, to hug Esme and put her face in her mother's shoulder. "I can't think straight," she confesses. "That's love, Alice," Esme says, wise as ever, and Alice imagines her face might burn if she was alive. Then it's as simple as knowing whether it's night or day. Edward is home. She rushes to him and kisses him. "She's okay," she checks. "So far," Edward confirms. "You'll need to be watching." "Of course," Alice says immediately. "Same Bella time, same Bella channel." Edward smiles, just enough, through the worry, and she kisses him again. "Let's watch some TV," she suggests. "Not the Style Network," Edward half-asks. "Oops, sorry, there it is," Alice says, feigning surprise. "Where's the remote again?" "I don't know, you're the psychic." She leans against him, the comfort of one of her loves helping her bear the idea of the loss of another, newer, barely realized potential. It all comes crashing down when she sees the ballet studio. "He's there," she says, in horror, terror, and all those awful things at once and she just wants to cry. She does her best not to cry through the plane trip, and it's intolerable to not just run full-scale, vampire-style through the streets of Phoenix, to find her. They drive as fast as they can and there's Bella, her sweet blood pooling on the ground, and there's the longest instant where Alice feels her heart breaking. Edward attacks James. She goes to Bella, who's still there, still alive, just barely, delusional. "It's okay," she whispers to Bella. "It's all right, I'm here. I'm going to take care of you." "Help me," Bella murmurs. "He was going to hurt my mother – " "We've got it handled," she lies to Bella. "We love you, I promise we'll all get through this, your mom, the three of us, it's all going to be okay. Just stay still, stay awake, talk to me." "I dunno what to say," Bella says thickly, and Alice looks at the bite, she presses her mouth to the wound and she tastes Bella's blood, thick and intoxicating, but she controls herself. She makes herself think, she reminds herself she is not this animal. there's a future where Bella is with her, smiling, sweet, alive She seeks through the wound for the poison, and finds it, takes it in. Bella is groaning and twisting underneath her and she pulls away, and things are going to be okay. There's this terrible sound behind Alice, and she's up and flying at James too late, Edward is falling dead to the ballet studio floor, and she collapses to her knees, helpless, and James laughs this horrible, satisfied laugh, and he's got her pressed to the floor. "Always wanted to get my hands on you," James whispers to her, somehow affectionate. "Thanks for helping me tick a box on my to-do list." His fangs flash, and she struggles, kicks him, flails until she hits him in the face and he recoils. She rolls on top of him with some effort, and, without any pithy comments, tears out his throat as well. When it's over, Alice tries to see Edward. She tries to see him waking up, she tries to see him with her and Bella. But it's like all those futures with him are dissolving into dust before her. He's gone. Bella is still human. Thank whomever for small mercies. Alice can't imagine how much harder it would have been to explain everything away if both Edward and Bella hadn't survived the attack. (She still hasn't come to terms with it, that Edward is gone, forever. She wishes so hard sometimes that she imagines she can hear him playing piano, the gentle percussion, the metronome ticking softly behind it. She imagines he's there beside her in her bed, but there's no one there. Not him.) There's Bella. Beautiful, fascinating, tragic Bella. She feels blessed, by fate, by whatever, that Bella didn't just turn away once Edward was gone. She thinks, in her worst moments, that Bella preferred Edward so much more, that Alice is second best. But then Bella presses her cheek to Alice's shoulder and smiles so broadly (but sadly) that she imagines that Bella feels the same. Maybe Bella doesn't take love for granted; maybe she sees the same thing in Alice that Alice sees in her. There's hope. There's life. There's a happy ending, or happy enough. Alice presses a kiss to a sleeping Bella's mouth, and curls up beside her warmth. And for a moment, things are that same, beautiful, sweet shade of right.