kept my distance and watched from afar. As I turned the corner more, I could see that Emmett was holding hands with a blonde girl and Carlisle had his arm around her , Esme Platt; she was smiling up at him like a good little future wife. She was never mean whenever she was here; in fact, she was always nice to me, maybe even nicer to me than the others. I still didn't like her. Emmett came over and said he was proud of me for holding my ground. We did a man hug and he nodded to Carlisle before leaving. I guessed they were good then. Esme pulled Carlisle to the dance floor. She kissed his cheek and he blushed slightly. That was my blush you cock-blocking mega slut! Okay, I needed to calm down, but I couldn't. The music had switched to some Brazilian hip hop I found. I thought it was awesome yesterday, but I now wanted to burn it. Esme was all over Carlisle and he was smiling down at her. She would whisper to him from time to time. He was just swaying his hips, downing yet another drink. He had quite a few, now that I thought about it. They danced for at least three straight songs. The more they danced, the angrier I got. Yet, my anger was thrown off by my worry. Carlisle had really drunk a lot tonight. Esme was grinding herself on Carlisle, her back to his chest. He was looking down at her, but then his eyes flashed towards me. I froze in my spot. These eyes were feral and I felt like he was reaching deep down within me. His gaze on me was intense as his hands started to move over Esme. I was imagining it was me he was touching instead. As Esme moved, and Carlisle's hands roamed, his eyes never left mine. Then I began to wonder again if Esme was just for show, or if this was me wishing for a reality that would never come. The party was coming to an end. I asked Esme if she would be staying, but she said she had an early class, so I had one of the other probies escort her home. I needed to get Carlisle situated. After the house emptied, I found Carlisle lying on the pool table. Felix was semi-sober and told me that Carlisle hardly ever drank, and when he did, it was never this much. I took that information and stored it for later. Maybe something was wrong. I lifted Carlisle up, and he was mumbling something I couldn't understand. I dragged him up to his room and sat him down on his bed. I took his shoes off first, but it was very hard, as Carlisle kept giggling. Carlisle started to run his fingers through my hair. I was a little shocked, and couldn't stop the moan that rolled out. "It won't stay down," he slurred slightly. Carlisle was trying to tame my hair. I chuckled at his hopeless efforts. "It has a mind of its own Big Brother Farmer," I told him. Carlisle laughed. He tried to stand up to take his pants off. He was just not getting it, though, and ended up falling into me. I sat him back down and helped him out of his pants. I had always wanted to do this for him, but for entirely different reasons. I was sure he was going to puke on me before the night was over. That thought alone was helping me stay focused. "You're such…a good probie." More slurring from Carlisle. I found it endearing. "Thank you Big Brother Farmer." I smiled at him and continued my work. Carlisle looked at me and searched my eyes for something. In that moment, he seemed so sober. "So…so green." He breathed deeply and recited, "For half his flock were in their beds, or under green sods lay." "Quoting Yeats to me now, Big Brother Farmer?" I laughed and took off the blasted cape that kept getting in the way. Next was his vest and fluffy white shirt. I left him in his black t-shirt and pumpkin boxers. "We have lost two…no, three pledges. They weren't good. You… you make me so tired, Masen." He sighed and started to lie back on his bed. "How do I do that, Big Bro…," "For the love of Christ. Why we chose to make you all say that is stupid. Call me Carlisle." He started to get settled in the bed and burrowed his head into his pillow. So cute. I went into his bathroom to get a glass of water and pain pills to sit by the bed. He would need them come morning. While in the bathroom, I quickly washed the damn makeup off my face. How women did it was beyond me. When I returned he was reminding me of his name. "Carlisle it is then." I pulled the blankets up over him. I watched him as he started to drift. He was beautiful. I had turned to leave when I felt a hand grab me. "Hmm, stay," Carlisle spoke softly. I made my way closer to him to make sure I heard him right. Carlisle then pulled me down to kiss him. It was nothing like in my dream, nothing like it at all. It was better. It was like an eruption of every feeling I had in me. It was more passionate, with an edge to it. A roughness that felt like a desire that had been locked away. We finally broke for air and I was on a high. "Nite nite, Edward." He passed out and I was left standing there, dumbfounded. "It's official. I'm dead," I said, sinking down beside his bed. I was still shocked, but I stayed and watched him sleep. A/N: The second to last chapter will be up next week. It will be Carlisle's take on things. Thanks for reading.