just interested in my mouth ." "I'm interested in all of you." "I know that." She gets to her feet and points at one of the closed doors. "That's my bedroom. You should wait for me in there." I struggle to my feet, holding my unbuttoned jeans by the waistband so they don't slip down as I walk across the room. I take a breath and push open the door to Bella's bedroom. Like the rest of the flat, it's small, neat, and very Bella. Lamplight casts a soft glow across a deep red bedspread. A huge stack of books is balanced on the table beside her bed; even more are piled on her desk. There's a hat stand in the corner, and I grin as I recognise the cobalt blue one she had on earlier today, the big straw one with flowers, and a bunch of other ones she's worn throughout the semester. I sit on the end of her bed, my knee jiggling. She doesn't keep me waiting long. The sight of her standing there in black lace and red lipstick is something I won't forget easily. "Where were we?" she says, dropping to her knees. I lift my hips and let her pull my jeans and boxers off, but the urgency of a few moments ago has faded, and she's too far away, and I'm not sure I want that , at least not right at this moment. I touch her shoulder. "Come up here." She comes with a smile. She kisses me softly and then pulls away, laughter dancing in her eyes. "Oh, dear." She touches my lip with her thumb. I wipe my mouth with the back of my hand. It comes away stained with red. I shrug and pull Bella back into my lap. I kiss her until my lungs demand air, and then I kiss her some more, trailing my lips down her throat and enjoying the way she whimpers when I nip at the place where her neck meets her shoulder. She pushes at my shoulders and I scoot us both back on the bed. I tug at the clasp of her bra. "Can I?" "Yes." I fumble for a moment and then it comes away, and her breasts are in my hands with her nipples pressed against my palms, and she's squirming around on top of me, and I need her to stop or this isn't going to last very long. I roll us over and and lift up onto my elbow. I hook a finger beneath the waistband of her unders, and she lifts her hips and lets me pull them down. She kicks them off, and then we're both naked, and I'm a little bit overwhelmed because just this morning she was Hat Girl, and I've only known her for a matter of hours but I'm pretty sure I'm well on my way to falling hard and fast, and I need her to know this isn't only about sex—even though I'd really like to have sex with her, as soon as possible. I don't really know how to tell her all that without sounding like a complete idiot, so I try to show her with the kisses I press across every square inch of her body. And there's something in her deep, dark eyes as she looks up at me while my fingers slip between her legs that makes me think maybe I'm not the only one who's been caught off guard by how quickly someone can feel so important to you. She tells me, "Yes," and "More," and "Just there," and catches my wrist to show me what she likes, what she needs, and when she falls over that edge it's a beautiful sight. She giggles as she lies there, her chest rising and falling with her gradually slowing breaths. I kiss her nose and ask her what's so funny. She touches my throat, then my chest, then lifts her head to look down at her own torso. "I think I need a refund on my lippy. The ad said it was kiss-proof." I follow her gaze, and I can just make out the smudges of red on my chest. There are more across Bella's breasts and on her belly, which means my chin and mouth must look ridiculous. But it's hard to worry about looking ridiculous when Bella's hand reaches my stomach and then keeps moving lower. In fact, it's hard to think about anything at all apart from how good she's making me feel. I grab her wrist with a groan. "Bella. I…" She pulls her hand away and reaches across the bed to pull a condom from her bedside table. "I bought these this afternoon," she says, as casually as if she were commenting on the weather. I mean to make a witty reply, but before I can come up with something, she's straddling my thighs. We make love for the first time like that, with me flat on my back staring up at her in wonder as I gasp for breath. The second time is in the depths of night, with the lights off, and the sheets whispering against our skin. We're still awake when the soft blue light of another autumn morning starts to creep under the blinds. I stumble out of bed to use the bathroom and shoot my mum a text: "I'm not dead. Sorry I didn't call." When Bella calls my name, her voice sleepy, I hurry back into the bedroom. She lifts up the covers, and I'm only too happy to crawl back under there with her. Bella's hair is a mess of tangles and knots, and there are lipstick stains on the pillowcases, and my breath is starting to taste a little sour, but I don't need to poke the bruise on my thigh to know that, if any moment in my life has been real, it's this one right now. *Not a real book. The rest are.