mother's probably come to by now, so we have to face her. She's going to have to come to terms with your, er, choices, but let's break it to her easy, yes? Then later you have to tell some more about your adventures...nothing too personal...just what it was like. The sex parts." "Dad, I'm done with porn. It gave me the confidence and self-esteem that I never had before, but I love Bella, and she loves me. She accepts me the way I am. I think I really went to California to grow up, you know? Then I met the girl of my dreams. I know a few weeks isn't much but we both know we are each other's futures." "That's wonderful, son. Will Bella be, uh, finding new employment as well?" A part of Carlisle hoped not; Bella was his favorite porn star, but he wanted his son's happiness more than anything. Plus, maybe it was time he stopped thinking about Bella like that...he hadn't even been properly introduced and he'd seen all her bits and pieces. Carlisle knew that he'd have to dispose of his Bella Beavers collection. Soon. The men re-entered the sitting room and found Esme and Bella quietly talking. Edward noted they look comfortable with each other, or at least it seemed. "Mom, I know you must be disappointed and I didn't mean for you to find out this way, but I can explain everything." Well, not everything, Edward thought to himself. Based on Esme's reaction to finding out his 'secret' from the neighbor, Edward decided it might be a good idea not to mention the 'double stuffer' just yet. After all, it wouldn't be released till Christmas, and that was a couple of months away. Porn yes, double dildo no. Edward sat on the couch next to Bella and across from Esme. Dealing with two dicks your whole life and the awkwardness that comes with it was nothing compared to having to explain porn to your mother. Porn you starred in with your new girlfriend...well, that was even more awkward. Esme wasn't thrilled with Edward's choice to do porn, but she could see how happy he was, and it was obvious that he and Bella were crazy about one another. He was so much more comfortable in his own skin, too. Like any good mother, Esme wanted whatever made her son happy, so she accepted his choices and supported him fully. She just wouldn't answer the door the next time Edna Cope came calling. Carlisle And Esme quickly grew to love Bella. Despite her ability to deepthroat twelve inches, she really was a very sweet girl who'd never had the loving family that Edward had been blessed with. That night, when she and Edward went up to his old room to get ready for bed, she grew teary-eyed as she marveled over what a wonderful family he had. "They adore you, Bella. Someday, I hope they'll be your family, too." Bella burst into full-on tears at Edward's sweet declaration, and dove under the covers to show her love. The next day was spent packing up Edward's belongings. Everything would be shipped to Bella's house, where they'd live until they found a new place together. As Edward was getting the last of the boxes packed up, Esme called up the stairs. "Edward! You have a phone call. A J. Jenks, from California." Edward groaned. Probably another porn producer. Well, he'd have to let them know that that part of his life was over, and he was moving on. He got to his feet and jogged down the stairs, taking the phone from his mother and ducking into the family room. "Hello, this is Edward." He his face morphed from mild annoyance at being interrupted to complete disbelief. Bella walked into the room and was immediately concerned. Edward looked like he was in shock. He grinned suddenly, and she relaxed. She was awfully curious what this phone call was about, though. Edward hung up the phone and hugged her excitedly. "You'll never guess who that was, Bella!" Edward couldn't stop grinning as he hugged Bella to him. "J. Jenks is a producer—a real movie producer! He wants to buy the rights to make a movie about my life!" The goofy grin never left Edward's face as he explained to Bella that Jenks wanted to meet with him as soon as he got back to L.A. "Oh, baby—that's amazing!" Bella beamed up at him, happier than she'd ever been. "Edward, when we get back I'm telling Jasper that I'm done. No more porn for me. I love you, and I don't want another man's hands on me—ever." She looked at Edward with trepidation. "I've got some money saved up, and I've been wanting to go back to school. I'll get a job, waitressing, anything—" Edward cut her off. "Bella, I'm thrilled and relieved that you don't want to go back to doing porn. I don't know if I could stand the thought of another man touching you. As for money, don't worry about it. I'll be able to find work in L.A., plus I have a trust fund. And with the figure Jenks mentioned on the phone… baby, we're gonna be fine. I love you, Bella. I want to take care of you, and never, ever think about Jasper again." He shuddered as memories of Jasper's crazy eyes and smoothly waxed ass rose in his mind. Bella laughed. "Oh, sweetie, Jasper's okay. And just think, if it hadn't been for him, we never would have met!" Grudgingly, Edward had to admit that this was true. He did owe Jasper a debt of gratitude for introducing him to the love of his life. He wouldn't change a thing—not the teasing he'd endured, the loneliness, the sex scene with Jasper—that had helped him find his way to Bella. xxx Thanks for reading! We had a blast writing this-please leave a review and let us know what you thought! xo