in the background as we were speaking if you could call it that and then lastly, Why didn't you warn me, Alice? I looked like a pathetic fool!" "I tried to dumbass remember!" "Well damn, I really like her!" "Shut up Jasper nobody asked your opinion!" This was the aftermath that happened as I was leaving, where he appears to be just as rude to his family, so I don't feel so singled out! everyone laughed and Edward rose to leave when a voice rang out from behind him "Sit down Edward, Now!" said his adoptive mother and she looked beyond livid. I then told everyone about my decision to do this experiment and how I involved my friends and their families. "Oh, my god! Those people are actually feeding it! They should shun it not pamper and baby it!" "Rose they are her friends! She's down on her luck not diseased!" "They probably have to gas her truck for her too! It's disgusting, we shouldn't have to be in a school with the likes of her!" "Enough Edward, look around, at least she has friends! Do we?" "They truly care about her, she's a good friend" This I explained was the Monday morning before school and already three of the new people had accepted my social standing and found nothing wrong with how others treated me. So obviously they had a level headed, well balance approach to life, not seeing themselves above or better than those around them. "It's taking their cast offs to wear, that's pathetic, people like her should just kill themselves!" "Rose! that's a terrible thing to say, I can't believe you're so mean and nasty!" "Damn it! I thought at least he would bully her, I'm really disappointed! Maybe I should do it myself, so she can learn her place" "Try it Eddie and I'll separate your brain from your head, it's not as if you need it!" "This was all said between classes Monday morning, again they have not spoken to me since the car park last Thursday, so they still know nothing about me, but feel entitled to insult, threaten and denigrate me." I murmured. "Dear god again! has she no pride, she might as well sit outside the door with a bowl, begging!" "Edward, she hasn't asked one person for a thing! They all either offer or just give it to her!" "You know that thing Carlisle is always trying to instill into us, respect for your fellow man! That's what this is!" "This is still on Monday but at lunchtime in the cafeteria, when my friends almost reduced me to tears, even though it was a fake situation, I was clearly moved," I said smiling at everyone in the room. I went on to explain, some of what was said, was not very pleasant or even lawful and my father did have a copy of this CD for insurance purposes, in case anything untoward happened to me anytime soon, I also sent a copy to Dr Cullen so he can really assess their behaviour when they are unsupervised by their parents. Everyone was staring at Edward and Rose with disgust, loathing and hatred rolling off them and I saw Jasper wince, then both of them did too as if he had passed it along. I also informed everyone that all this was said in a variety of public places, out loud for anyone who could, to hear it. Therefore, I was not slandering them or making libellous statements unlike them. But my experiment shows that even when everyone around you is reacting in a positive, accepting manner, there will always be some people who only see you, for the social bracket you appear to be in, they will make no attempt to find out why you are in that position or even try to help you. That said I would like to thank Alice for all the money she has been slipping into my pocket and bag this week, I will obviously return it. Also to Emmett for filling up my truck twice for me. Lastly to Jasper for not giving me away, I know he worked out my secret almost immediately and said nothing. As I sat down, Doctor Cullen came forward and shook my hand, apologised for his two children, and informed the whole school Edward and Rose would be being home schooled from now on, he would no longer inflict their heinous behaviour on the decent respectful students of Forks high. They would be losing their cars, credit cards, and all privileges until he saw fit to return them, if ever, maybe if they actually had to work for it, they might learn to appreciate it more. He also told Emmett he would be punished for the callous betting comment, as that was improper too. But those three would be staying on at school if no one minded. The principal nodded and Edward and Rose were herded out by their mother figure, her loudly telling Rose to save the crocodile tears, nobody cared or was falling for it. The end of the school year was almost on us and graduation was rearing its head, I had the joy and terror of being Valedictorian this senior year and I was both looking forward and very anxious for the future, I'd seen Doctor Cullen once more professionally, due to fall on the stairs, but I told him I didn't know what was different about them, nor did I want too and we left it at that. So here we are, the end of this chapter of my life, soon I'll be off to visit my mom, Renee, before heading to college, Angie and I are going to study in San Francisco and I'm all set, ready to leave boring little Forks where nothing ever really happens, god it must be the most unexciting place in the whole of America, but I guess everyone always thinks that about their own hometown.