all net," she said. I realized then that she was yelling at a boy who seemed a bit older than us, only because he was so much taller than her. Already I was afraid for her. Didn't she know better than to yell at kids that were bigger than her. But the boy just shook his head, not speaking, but moving his hands. "Fine, then!" She said, throwing the ball to the ground. "I'm not playing with you anymore!" She said with huff, crossing her arms over her chest. Then she started crying. "Are you okay?" I remember asking. Only because a few days earlier, when Jessica was crying on the yard at school, the teacher had asked her the same thing. They both snapped their heads in my direction. I felt nervous all of a sudden. "I'm fine," she said, wiping her eyes and sniffling. "My housemate is being mean, is all." I didn't understand what she meant by housemate at the time. The boy just shrugged, picked up the ball and started playing by himself. I moved the loose board, opening it up further, and asked her if she wanted to come and play. From then on, we were friends. I was told later, by my parents, that I knew her before that moment. That they had just moved back a few days before, after being gone for a couple of years. That we had napped in the same playpen during block parties, when we were a few months old. I was, supposedly, the reason for her first step. "She wanted the ball that you had so badly," my father had laughed. "She just let go of the coffee table and took off." But of course, I didn't remember any of that. It was always that day with the bright green dress that I remembered. "Where's that one from this time," my dads asks, breaking my reminiscence. I turn to see him, leaning against my door frame. "Beijing," I said, turning back to the photos. "Nice," he replies, to which I just nod. He must take my silence as a clue that I don't really feel like speaking. He knocks on the door frame twice. "Soups on," he says with a sigh, walking away. My parents heard my conversation with Tanya. Of course. It didn't help matters that I'd been having trouble in school the past few weeks. The marks on my schoolwork not where they should be. My head not in the game during baseball practice. And band practice. I've been feeling anxious and strung tight, about ready to burst. After dinner, I grab my guitar and head to James house. James, my second oldest friend. We practice for a few hours. Me on guitar, singing. James on drums, our friend Alice on bass. We're not rock stars, but we're pretty well known in our small town as a go-to cover band for last minute parties and Bar Mitzvahs. Its when I'm playing that I start to feel better. The stress on my shoulders melting away. I know parents say that a future in music can sometimes get you nowhere. But I know that this is what I want to do. This is what I want for my future. Not for the money. Or the fame. But to just be on stage, in front of a large crowd. Me and my guitar. Oh what a world that could be. . Alice is with me the following week (don't let Tanya find out) when I receive another photo. A picture of worn down, ragged shoes. "Where's that one from this time?" she asks, before I have a chance to read the back. "Kurgan. Russia." I said, reading the envelope the picture came in. That's all there was. This one photo. I can't remember the last time I only received one photo. "Can you remember the first one you've gotten?" She asks, distracting me from reading the back of the photo. I'm itching to get it. Instead I place it down. I move away from my desk, and move to grab a postcard from my side table dresser. Its framed and has been sitting there since I received it a while after she moved away. It's a postcard from New York, a picture of a big red apple reading I heart New York. Her sloppy seven year old handwriting spelling out Edword Cullin. I still smile. "Lucky bitch," she sighs. "Beijing, Maui," she touches random photos. "Greece, Rome, Paris, Germany. Jeesh. The biggest news Chaplin has received lately is Mrs. Carter running off with the mail man." "UPS driver," I correct her, laughing. I head back to the desk to pick up the photo, my heart beat racing for some unknown reason. I feel nervous all of a sudden. Like, this photo may be my last. "And all the while, we're stuck in this boring old town," she continues. "While there are kids our age, just like her, who's biggest problem is probably deciding what spot on the globe they're heading to next." But I don't tell her that, according to Bella, it's not all cracked up as it seems to be. She goes on talking but I can't hear what she's saying. My eyes are focused on the back of the photo, and I'm sure my heart has stopped for a beat of two before thundering in my chest. I must look sick because Alice is going on about my face being pale. "What's it say?" I finally hear her ask. But I can't speak. I hand her the photo, watching as her eyes scan the photo, her eyebrows rising on her forehead. "Does this mean..." "I don't know," I say, moving to sit on my bed. I feel confused. Slow. "Wow," she says, sitting next to me. "I know," I breath, still trying to catch my thoughts. The lyrics to the song on the back of the photo going around in my head. Its Home by Daughtry.