truth was I knew NOTHING about children, and had no idea how to handle them since I never got the chance to be a father. I only knew all the crying children, where I was the big bad doctor… I didn't know how to be a parental figure for a boy. And Esme would rip me apart if I came home with a strange boy, not even asking her what she thought about it, or if it was okay with her. There was no doubt she would accept the boy, but she would be angry on me for weeks, or at last I thought so. And could a child even be near vampires? Even if it just were for five days? We would have to pretend we ate human food, at least at some of the meals, and be watched all the time. We couldn't make a step wrong, or he would notice, and then the Volturi would step in. But then on the other hand, it was just five days, not a life time. We could hunt while he slept… and perhaps… Perhaps this would be good for us? I mean, it was me who just complained we didn't have anything to do, but with a child in our hands I wouldn't have enough time. We could finally use some of our parental skills, and give this child five amazing days, were he hopefully would open up a bit. Maybe this wasn't such a bad idea, and Esme would probably forgive me when she saw the boy. "Well I guess he could," I answered, and only used a few seconds on thinking, before I answered. In a vampires head all thoughts went in another speed, and for them it would look like there wasn't any doubt. "Well that would be amazing" smiled Charlie, and he looked relived… but if he just knew he was letting a kid stay with two vampires all alone. But both of them looked so relived, because they didn't have to take him, and he would be safe or at least I thought so. Being a doctor it was also clear for me, that other kids in the house wouldn't be great for him right now, as he needed to open up and stop being so scared. If there were two annoying teenagers, who complained and was talking all the time, he would just go deeper into himself. "Is there some papers I need to sign, or something?" I asked, and wasn't even sure how this process usually was. "Not really right now" said Charlie, and gave me a huge smile. "Social Service will probably want to see something at some point, but they can drag themselves up here if they want to see any of it. For now just take him home, and then I will call if there is anything… I probably need to interview him again anyway" he sighed. I am sure he was probably not looking forward to that conversation, at least not if they boy still wouldn't speak. "Well then I guess I should get him home," I smiled, feeling proud because I made it sound as his home too. "He is probably tired, and could use a bath." I laughed, but then it suddenly dawned on me that task probably wouldn't be easy. "Well then I won't disturb anymore" nodded Charlie, and gave us both a goodbye before he left. "Is Dr. Snow here?" I asked Margot, as I didn't want to leave the hospital without a doctor, but at the same time it would be best to get the boy home. "Yes, Dr. Snow arrived twenty minutes ago," informed Margot, suddenly I realized it was a half hour ago, since I should have left. "Well then I will be on my way" I said, and then said goodbye to her, before I walked to my office and grabbed my coat. I didn't like to leave him alone for long, so I rushed down to the exam room, to find him fast asleep… right where I left him. A little part of me feared he would try to run, which would be a natural reaction after what happened today. He was probably confused, and needed some kind of explanation soon… before he thought he did something wrong. I thought it was best just to leave the blankets at the hospital, so instead I wrapped him in my coat, very carefully, so he wouldn't wake up. He only moved a bit as I lifted him, and then went back to sleep with his head against my chest. I will be honest and say it was a… unforgettable experience, with the fragile small head against my chest, and his warm cheek against my cold body. I carefully picked my bag up too, that I left in here when I went to speak with Charlie, before I walked out of the door with the child in my arms. He was so small and fragile I would prefer to carry him the next five years, but we didn't get any longer than my car, before I had to place him on the backseat. I knew it would be safer to let him sit, and use a seatbelt, but I was a vampire and a great driver, so nothing would happen to him if he lied down. He sleepily opened his eyes as I placed him on the backseat, and stared confused on me for a moment, before he finally realized who I was… "Now home?" He asked sleepily, and rubbed his eyes. "Not yet," I told him sadly, and watched as his eyes closed again with disappointment. So first of all, Edward and Bella has never exsisted in this story… or Bella is mentioned in this chapter, but that's it. And thank you to my Beta Jules Ann, you make the world so much easier for me. And please guys, review ! Share your thoughts, and what you would like to happen :D