president ever," she exclaims before she plants a kiss squarely on my lips. Ty exits the house just as I'm considering second base. Shouting, he throws his hat in the air. "Yee haw! Winner winner, Emu dinner. Get some good granola lovin', Boss." Bella licks her lips. "Mmmm, why is my mouth watering at the thought of granola, Edward?" Before I can answer her, Mama's in my face waving around my old bulky Polaroid camera. Martha stands behind her looking slightly constipated, which is the most emotion I've seen on that woman's face since Clinton was elected. "Picture time!" Mama squeals. "Reverend Cheney is on his way to perform the ceremony." She pats Bella lovingly on her bouffant. "Remember what I told you?" Mama's eyes get a little crazy for a second. I shudder, remembering that look well. Crazy old bat. "I'm in love with Edward Cullen," Granola Girl says, her voice trance-like. "I'm a Republican and I love red meat." "And who should run for president next term?" Ma asks, narrowing her eyes. "The great Ted Nugent." Bella drools a little and I wipe it away with the back of my hand. "Good girl," Mama says. She turns and hollers, "Hit the music, Ty." "Stranglehold" blares from the speakers and the animals go wild. Usually we reserve seventies' music to seventies night , which is every Monday through Thursday, so the animals are in for a treat today. It's like a zoo around here when we play Ted Nugent. Literally a zoo. "Who is Ted Nugent again?" Bella asks, causing Mama's eyes to go wild. "What's going on?" "Shhh… you're getting married." I stroke her cheek and whisper in her ear. "Just let it happen." Bella babbles incoherently and I listen intently, trying to understand her gibberish. The rumble of a truck tossing up gravel and dirt down my dusty drive makes it impossible, though. Reverend Cheney rolls out of his jacked-up pickup truck, his portly belly hanging over his britches. Mr. Cheney's gangly teenage son, Ben, climbs out of the passenger side of the truck and joins his father. They're both sporting pit stains and smell of fried chicken. "This better be good to interrupt my Sunday dinner," Mr. Cheney says, wiping his brow with a soggy hanky. "Reverend, I'd like you to meet my future missus," I say. Bella offers her hand and he gives it a firm shake, jiggling her skinny body. "Bella Swan." Bella removes her hand from his sweaty paw and wipes it on her coral dress. Mama gasps and fans her face at the sight of the stain near her thigh. "Swan? Your last name is Swan? That's an admirable bird." I grin at my woman, knowing this must be a sign from the Almighty. "And a right purdy bird too. Much more purdy than an emu." An ungodly sound erupts from the emu pen. The dang-blasted door is still open and the emus are going crazy. Alice still has the rope tied around her neck and it has somehow become wound around a nearby fence post. Maria, a scrappy little emu I bought while vacationing in el Mexico, comes strutting out of the pen, obviously offended by my insulting emu comment. I bought Maria to breed with Jasper, but Alice has him so whipped he won't even look in Maria's direction. Until now. Jasper lets out a squawk and chases Maria out of the pen, quick on her heels. Maria has her eyes set on Alice, who screams in protest. At the last minute, Maria does a 180 and darts toward our group, her beady eyes landing on my woman. Panic builds inside my chest. I throw myself in front of Bella, but it's too late. Maria furiously pecks at the flowers in Bella's hands. Yellow blossoms go flying. Bella hollers like a cat in heat and I get dizzy for a second, slightly turned on by the sound. That is until Maria turns and bats Bella with her big emu tail. Bella hits the ground, feathers drifting around her. Mama consoles my bride while I dart after Maria, who's still struggling to dodge Jasper. Maria hops on Alice's back and screams the emu mating cry. I stop dead in my tracks, Ty by my side. "Well, I'll be danged. No wonder Maria and Jasper won't breed." Ty laughs. "This just won't do," I mutter, shaking my head. "Equal rights for all birds," Bella hollers. I turn around in time to see her climb to her feet. She dusts her dress off and spits out dirt. Glancing around the ranch, she scratches her head. "What's going on here?" I reckon Maria knocking Bella to the ground might have jarred her memory a little. "Me and you's about to get married." "Oh," she says. She glances at the ground and picks up the green, flowerless daffodil stems. "Okay." Or maybe not. "Can we get on with the ceremony?" Mr. Cheney asks, pulling a Bible from under his sweaty armpit. "Dearly Beloved, we are gathered here today…" The preacher man's voice drones on, but grows fuzzy and distant in my mind. All I see is my lady, grit between her grinning teeth as she beams at me. I wrap one arm around her, wishing I hadn't used my shirt as a potholder for Martha's Pyrex dish. This Alabama sun is right hot and I'm a little underdressed for a wedding. "I love emu," I say, poking her in her skinny ribs. "Get it? I love emu ." "Aw, I love emu , too," she whispers, bunching her brow. "Wait, do I?" "Oh, yeah, emu do." "Emu do!" she hollers. "I now pronounce you man and wife," Mr. Cheney bellows. "Emu kiss the bride!" Happily Emu After? Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.