When he bent forward, she was smashed in between the back of the seat and his body. She giggled at his insistence to warm her. "It'll be a sauna in here." She said through her teeth as her jaw quivered coldly, clinking her teeth together. "That's my plan." His hands were back on her arms, his lips in the crook of her neck. "I want you in nothing but these fuck-me heels, and if I have to sweat my ass off to get us to that point. I'll suffer with pleasure." He said in between kissing and touching her bare shoulders. Surprising both Emmett and herself, she reached for the hem of her dress pulling it up and over her head leaving her in nothing except her black lace, G-string panties. "I think I've died and gone to Heaven." Emmett said. His eyes lusting over her body as his hands firmly grasped her ass cheeks, pulling her closer to him. Rose was working on the buttons of his shirt as he devoured her with his lips. She felt his large hands cover her breasts, lifting and squeezing them together. Emmett's thumbs teased her dusty pink nipples, and then his kiss-swollen lips took turns with his thumbs, sucking, gently biting. The tip of his cock, nearly coming out of the waistband of his well-worn jeans, pressed hard in between her thighs. Rose needed to feel him. She moved her hips in slow circles earning a low groan from Emmett. With her fingers in his hair, she kissed both of his soft, whisker-covered dimples. "I love these." Rose admitted. She let her tongue lick along the line of his beard until she got to his ear. "They're sexy as hell." Her hips never stopped moving, her body pressed and wiggled against him. He loved the way she looked gyrating, her silky hair cascading around her shoulders as she gave him one hell of a lap dance. "These have to go." Emmett took the lace G-string in his hands and ripped them easily from her body. His fingers slid down the front of her belly, to find her clean-shaven; spreading her with his fingers. "I've dreamt of this for days." His middle finger circled her slick entrance, pushing in. Rose reached down touching her clit, circling it as his finger pushed deeper inside of her. His hand stilled at the feeling of her walls tight around his finger. The warmth was incredible. He inserted another finger stretching her, and a moan fell from her lips. Again, his hand stilled, relishing in the fact that he was inside the woman of his dreams. Literally. "Fuck me Emmett, you bastard. Don't you dare leave me hanging again." Rose was not about to be left at the precipice of an orgasm. This man had infuriated her once, getting her worked up and then leaving her hot and bothered, and she wasn't going to let him do that to her again. With his free hand, he gripped thehair at the nape of her neck, bringing her to him, looking dead in her eyes. "I'll fuck you so good baby, you'll forget your name." And with that, his fingers pumped in and out until she was begging to come. He curled his fingers, pressing on her G-spot knowing it would send her toppling over the edge. "That's it." He coaxed, her orgasm was nearly there, and he could feel it, feel her clamping down around his fingers. "Grab my cock." Rose's hands fumbled with his jeans until his cock sprung free. Rose took it in her hand, soft against hard, sliding with a quick motion, matching the same rhythm of Emmett's hand. "Em ... Emmett. Don't stop—Right there." Rose's eyes fluttered as intense feelings of tingling fury erupted inside her. "Ahhh ... Oh. My. God." His lips covered hers, kissing, muffling the sound of her orgasm. She could have awakened the dead in the throes of her passion, he thought. Rose relaxed her body into his tense frame still giving Emmett's dick her full attention. "Almost baby, almost." Emmett's head fell back against the leather seat. Rose's hands knew exactly how to make him come. Her thumb grazed his tip with every other pass up his length,spreading the slickness over his shaft. Emmett was enjoying every second in this steamy hot paradise, given the heat in the car was now almost unbearable. Beads of sweat dripped down his forehead and chest, a slick sheen glistening over both their bodies. The windows in the car were now fully fogged, creatinga curtain; shutting them off to the outside world. The car rocked back and forth with activity, the inside smelling of sex. "I'm coming, Rosie." A loud moaned filtered through the car, making Rose smile with satisfaction. She loved the feel of his cum in her hand, hitting her belly, fusing them together. Sticky and sweet. Emmett wrapped his arms around Rose pulling her down into the seat on top of him. Legs bent and tangled, feet on windows and cramped behind the seats. Her hand trapped between them and his hands in her hair, and on her plump ass. After catching their breath, and cleaning off with his flannel, Rose whispered in Emmett's ear. "I'm ready for options B and C," she said with a smirk. A giant grin tugged on Emmett's face, making his deep dimples visible through his scruff. Right then and there, in the sweltering heat of the car, under the moonlight, in a random park in Port Angeles, Washington, Emmett knew he had met his match. The person who could make him change his nomad ways. The person who could finally make him stay in one place. The person who could both settle, and satisfy him. Rosie. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.