a Dream by We The Kings were playing, what a throwback. Edward held me close and pressed up his body against mine. "I see you've made up your mind and figured out what you really liked and didn't." I said, looking up at him. He looked guilty. "There never was a figuring out point, I was going to come down and see you, but I decided to let you blow off some steam. And then Esme, Rosalie, and Alice started to help out your problems, so I just stayed upstairs." "Why are you so antisocial tonight?" I said wrapping my arms around his neck. My fingers automatically went to play with his hair on the nape of his neck. "I don't know, I guess I'm just not in the mood." Edward answered rather grumpily. "Why aren't you?" "Someone's gotta run the party. I want it to be perfect for Bella." I said. "You're doing a phenomenal job." Edward said, kissing my cheek. I leaned into him. "Is the fight done yet? Because I really want the fight to be done." His face got closer to mine. "Who won?" "Who the fuck cares?" I said rather breathlessly before I crashed my lips to his. I never have craved his touch so bad. This whole night, New Moon starting, and the fight had really set me on edge. "I love you and that mouth." Edward smiled. "You probably heard me talking with Esme, Rosalie, and Alice. Which theory was your favorite?" I giggled. Edward smiled his full-on smile. "This is tough. Rosalie's was definitely colorful and completely not true. I love that you trust me. Alice's was way off course but funny to hear," "Does this mean you're aren't going to leave me because I won't have sex with you?" I teased. "I'm not going to leave you, ever." Edward said, kissing my lips quickly. Hmm…I wonder if he'll think that in the next 72 hours. "So, what's Stella's power? What did I not see?" I asked confused. Edward's smile turned wryly. "She gave the illusion that we were making out." "Isn't that Zafrina's power?" I asked. Edward gave me a surprise look. "Zafrina's in the books?" I nodded. "Later, though. So can there be repeat powers?" Edward considered this. "I guess so. It doesn't happen very often. But Zafrina and Stella don't have the same power. Zafrina gives you the illusion in your mind. Stella's literally films over your eyes. That's more common than actual repeating of the same power." "How does Eileen have blue eyes?" I asked my next question. "Her gift is changing her appearance at her own will. Annie's is making you feel like you're going through the vampire transition all over again, with just one touch. Max's is temporary disposal of memory. And you already know Stella's." Edward explained. "And none of them have mates?" I asked, confused. "Well, Max and Camille are. But the "kids" aren't. That's not unusual. It's hard to come across mates." "I like your cousins." I said. "They aren't in the books." "Really now…Maximus Fowler and Carlisle have been buddies when they were humans. They turned together, how cute." Edward said sarcastically. I laughed and broke away from Edward's embrace. "People are starting to leave, we should probably start to clean up." "Ah, but I just got you back." Edward said, pulling me into him forcibly. I smiled up at him. "You never lost me. But we should clean." Bella was waving goodbye to her guests as the rest of us cleaned up the stuff. I picked up a few of the platters that once held food. "Honey, thanks to you, this party went smoothly and we have a clean kitchen. Go rest." Carlisle said, taking some of the platters. "I gotta do something." I said, grabbing the cake and knife heading towards the kitchen. I sat the dish where the cake was down and started to rinse of the knife, which had icing on it and whatnot. All the rest of the Cullens and Fowlers were in the kitchen, bringing stuff in. I smiled to myself. No papercuts, no bloody knees from tripping-yet. We were good. That when I accidently sliced myself on the thumb with the knife. "Dammit," I whispered, immediately trying to stick it under the faucet to rinse all the blood off. It didn't work. All I noticed was Edward, who was on the other side of the room, darted over to me, throwing from behind. I was flung back to the kitchen table, pretty much smashing it. It hurt like hell. I would probably rather endure the Jasper bite. Jasper and Edward collided and it sounded much like two boulders. I noticed that my hands and arms were cut up from the glass I had promptly smashed from landing on the kitchen table. I, however, could still see the gash in my thumb from the knife. Emmett had now grabbed Jasper and was trying to restrain him from eating me and tearing Edward to shreds. I was in pain and disoriented. It had really happened fast. I looked up and saw fourteen pairs of vampire eyes looking at me, plus a pair of brown ones, who looked completely terrified. Oh shit. Author's Note: IT'S UPPP! 8,200 words, I tell ya. Cannot believe we are finally starting the sequel. Guys, this is going to be a bumpy ride. Like in the description, which is kinda shitty, there will be dark themes. Controversial themes. Aubrie isn't going to be perfect. Neither is Edward. A lot of crying, a lot of laughter, and a lot of sorting out what really is important in your life. There is going to be romance other than Edward/Aubrie, which already kinda pisses me off as I'm writing it. But I have a plan! PLEASE PLEASE REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW. I love hearing what you guys think! I'm probably going to post a few summer chapters before I update this story, so stay tuned! xoxoxo