if my human self had another view on when to smile than other people. It was raining like no tomorrow outside and the cold water was falling down on the car like bullets, I sighed pleasantly. "I like rain", I stated while looking at the big droplets. I could sense his smile all the way over to my seat and continued speaking. "I've never understood why people hate it, it's like taking a bath standing", I turned to him now, feeling the awkwardness disappear slightly. "Yeah, I guess you're right… you know you have a room by the yard, I think you'll be able to enjoy the rain there", I nodded. "So this Emily young character, what happened to her face?" I asked ignoring how guilty I suddenly felt by asking. I mean come on, I wanted answers and technically I would probably get to know one time or another. Sam's appearance stiffened remarkably and I knew that this was some sort of sign of anger. He stared at the road for a couple more seconds before answering me, my teeth were chewing immensely at my lips craving blood. "She was attacked by a bear a few years ago, it's a sensitive spot", he said calmly, still I got the message. He didn't want me to mention it. As if I would listen to him… one day or another I would know what happened. He was lying and it was really obvious. Maybe it was my skills in reading people, I had read a lot of books about that, or maybe he was just a really suckish liar. The pickup truck Sam had was old, but I could feel the engine beneath is so I knew that the appearance had nothing to say. It smelled of wet fur and I didn't like that. "Okay," was my simple answer before I went back to being silent. I was walking towards the house, letting the raindrops make me wet and observed the scene around me. It was still early, the clock barely ten in the morning, so you could see the day wake up. I was cold, but didn't mind since I would be inside soon enough. Sam was walking behind me carrying my bag. It made me kind of sad that I could fit everything I owned in a small bag that I knew wasn't even full. The house was small and white and even though the rain was making everything blurry I could see that someone was sitting inside through the window. I frowned but didn't say anything as I opened the door and walked in without waiting for Sam. excitement was filling up my body when I stepped inside. The first thing I noticed was the unbelievably strong smell of wet dog in the room and then of course the other smell of something I would like to call food. Delicious, heavenly food… I felt salvia gather in my mouth and realized just then how long it had been since I had eaten. Lost in the daze of food I threw my backpack on the floor and walked towards the kitchen where I was sure the smell was coming from. Considering the fact that I had just stepped into the living room where the front door lead to I should have known that someone was watching me. The kitchen was connected to the living room and my eyes widened as I saw a woman standing behind the small counter balancing huge muffins on a plate. It was an old house, but it was renovated. That much I could tell from the new counter in front of me and the newly painted cabinets around the room. When the woman finally looked at me, standing there staring at the muffins she almost dropped the plate. "Oh my god," she exclaimed with a shocked expression on her face while I just stood there, still staring at the muffins, waving awkwardly. I was sure she knew it was directed to her. A smile quickly replaced her shocked face just as a door slammed shut behind us. I cringed at the sound, but still found myself staring at the muffins."You must be Melanie, I'm Emily, Sam's fiancé". The woman said and smiled brightly as she walked towards me. My eyes went wide as I noticed the three huge scars she was sporting. They looked much more terrifying in person. "Holy mother of God," I squeaked out silently and quickly pretended not to have said anything. "Emily, you made muffins," Sam Smiled as he walked towards his fiancé, hugging her from behind. I noticed how the smell of wet dog followed him and I cringed. "Sam! I was about to meet your sister, so if you don't mind get your dirty hands of me!" Emily squealed, clearly pretending to be angry. I was disappointed in myself when I realized that I didn't laugh or smile at their behavior, and I felt the empty pit in my stomach grow. My eyes hit the ground like needles and I took a deep breath. Why couldn't I just be normal like everybody else? Why couldn't I have normal reactions? "I'm sorry," I heard Sam whisper in Emily's ear and he let her go. She was smiling brightly and made a move to hug me, I barely escaped her hands. She cocked her head to the side with a bewildered look on her face. "Hi, I'm uh, Melanie… nice meeting you" I murmured and waved again. I could feel the blood rush to my cheeks and was thankful when Sam's hand took Emily's making her snap out of her stare. The embarrassment I was feeling is hard to even explain. Emily was about to speak again, her face bright with compassion, when a sound came from the living room. Adrenalin rushed through my body and I turned around as quickly as I could while fear took over me. I yelped loudly when I saw who was standing before me…