was throbbing. "Nessie" I whispered into her ear. "I need you. right now" I said, copying what she had said earlier tonight. "Then fuck me." She begged boldly and I knew then that she wanted it as bad as I did. "Sure, sure" I said shakily with an unsteady smile. I was trying to be confident and nonchalant as if I weren't incredibly nervous, but I didn't hide it very well. Part of me was scared despite my desire for her and it suddenly overtook me. What if I can't satisfy her? What if I do something wrong? What if she doesn't want me? "Hey," she said, grabbing my face in her hands "remember that I love you." I looked deep into her eyes and my nervousness disappeared, melted by her warm gaze. "Just go slow, okay?" She said softly. "Of course." I smiled. "I love you." After putting on a condom, I rubbed the head of my business up and down on her opening, teasing her a little. "Jake." her body shuddered in unison with her voice. I entered her and met a barrier. Her hymen. The hole that was there wasn't big enough. If we kept going I would have to...would have to break it. I leaned down, still inside of her, to kiss her, hard, while I pressed myself in slowly, but firmly. She let a small yelp into my mouth and I wanted to cringe because I was hurting her, but I knew the worst was over. "It's okay baby" I assured her. "It's over now." The sensation was better than anything I had ever felt with Nessie. Better than being her caretaker when she was a kid. Better than being her best friend though adolescence. A hundred times better than playing with myself at the thought of her. Being there for her, sexually, was better than all of it. She was so wet and so tight. I couldn't contain the soft moan that slipped through my lips. She responded by echoing my moan and I pressed myself a couple inches deeper inside of her. She sucked in a breath sharply and I could tell she was in pain. I pulled out and paused, unsure of what to do next. "No, please keep going." Nessie cooed. I reinterred her, even slower than before and started to move in and out. Her breathing started to quicken, but I recognized this breathing from when I was eating her out, and I knew it wasn't from pain. I went a little faster and she started to moan. I couldn't resist kissing her again. This time, it was her to quicken the pace, of both our lips and our sex. "Mmmm" Nessie moaned, pulling away from the kiss. She started to buck her hips as she entered her second orgasm of the evening. "Jake, yes! Omigod yes! Ohhhhhh yeah! Ohh yeahhhhh!" She looked into my eyes but was somewhere else. Her face twisted in pleasure. I was so happy, I was high on it. To add to the sensation, her walls contracted on me and gripped my business firmly, releasing after a couple seconds, again and again. Release, contract, release, contract. Both movements were equally amazing. After she finished, she placed her palm on my cheek. I was taken away into another place, another body. A memory was projected in my head and it blinded all of my other senses. I realized that she was showing me a memory that had happened only seconds before. Her orgasm. It was like being in her body. Knowing what she was thinking, feeling what she felt. I can't believe this, I am so lucky. Lucky to be here in Jacob Black's beautiful arms. Lucky that he loves me. Lucky that he's doing this with me. Lucky that he wants me. Lucky that— Her train of thought was interrupted as she became overwhelmed with pleasure, taken over by it. Her head swam in euphoria and only one thought managed to be coherent through her all consuming pleasure: thank you. Her memory ended and I was brought back to the present where I continued to pump in and out. I realized that this was her way of telling me thank you. She was showing me how happy I made her. Tears welled up in my eyes and threatened to spill over. "I'm the lucky one." I said. I flattened my body against her and now we were right on top of each other. I continued pounding in and out of her and rested my head on her shoulder. "Thank you." I whispered into her ear and kissed her neck, sucking hard. I pushed into her faster now and started to come. I sat back up, my palms flat against the bed, a few inches out from her shoulders on either side, my arms outstretched, and I quickened even more. She too began to buck her hips and moan as I emptied myself inside of the condom I was wearing. "Ness" I huffed. "Oh my god" I was now lost in my own jolt of happiness, my own euphoria, and I couldn't think of anything better. "I love you so much." After the extreme pleasure waned and I was brought back to the surface I slowed and pulled out. I positioned myself to lay next to her, my head propped up on my hand with my elbow on the bed, perfectly positioned for looking at her, and that's exactly what I did. "Oh Jake," Nessie said breathlessly, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling herself to me. We were pressed up against each other once again as I wrapped my arms around her cool back, returning the hug. We lay there for a minute, both absorbing the entirety of the night. "That was.." She started softly, breaking the silence with her gentle voice. "That was so fucking mind blowing" she giggled. "I know just how you feel." I smiled in return and kissed her cheek.