these days." "So?" "So what?" I blow out a frustrated breath, and I remember that sunny Sunday morning all those years ago, and the words we hurled at each other like darts. "I get you. I love you, and I get you. I get what it's like to be broken, okay? I get all the things you think I didn't get back then. I know for a fact that I loved you more than Jake did, because I could never not want a baby we made together, even if we were eighteen or twenty or fifty. I loved you then, and I love you now, but I need to know what you want that love to look like. If you want us to be friends, and that's all there will ever be to it, okay. If you want more, okay. But I need to know because I can't go back to where we were before. I can't go back to loving someone who refuses to love me back." There are tears in her eyes, and a few years ago, I would have rounded the table and scooped her into my arms and apologized for making her cry and backed down, not forcing her to answer the question. But she's an adult now, and I'm not her surrogate brother anymore – never was, if we're honest – and I need this answer. "I want more," she almost whispers, looking at me steadily, even though I can tell by the twitch in her fingertips, the shift of her weight on that plastic booth seat, that she desperately wants to look away. "I want you. I want it all." I feel joy, untethered and untempered, surge through me. "Then take it," I tell her. "Because it's your turn to come after me." She gazes at me, those brown eyes shifting, before a spark I haven't seen in years comes to the surface: the wild-haired girl from my childhood, rising to the challenge. "Buy me dinner." "When?" "I'm going to Charlie's tomorrow. The day after?" "Where should I pick you up?" She grins, the first honest, open grin I've seen from her in years. "You know that house you can see from your bedroom window?" The next night, I'm lying on my bed, flipping through the fantasy baseball magazine that my dad pilfered from the hospital waiting room as the house once again settles around me. The sky outside my window is dark, and the hallway outside my cracked door is dark, and I'm pretty sure I'm the only one awake until I see the crack of my door widen from the corner of my eye and my mother's face appears in the gap. "Sleep soon?" she asks, and I nod, glancing at the small alarm clock beside my bed. "Yeah." She nods, then slips inside my room. Her red fleece robe is one that my brothers and I bought her for Christmas the year I graduated from high school, and it's too warm for the summer months, but something tells me she wears it all year long. "You turning in?" I ask, and she nods even as she lowers herself to sit on the edge of my bed. "It's been so nice having you home." I smile, teasing. "You remember it's only temporary, right?" Her own smile is faintly sad. "I do. But it's still nice." "It's nice to be home," I admit, and something in her shoulders relaxes. I realize, suddenly, that when I ran four years ago, Bella wasn't the only thing I left behind. I still don't regret it, but I realize now that the train wreck of Bella and me had more collateral damage than I realized at the time. "Thanks, Mom." Her eyebrows arch. "For what?" I shrug. "Just…for being Mom." Her eyes sparkle, and I know she's doing the girly-emotional thing, so I close the magazine and drop it on my bedside table. "Well, thanks for being Edward." I grin. "French toast tomorrow?" She beams, and I'd never say it aloud, but my mother's sort of beautiful when she smiles like that. "You bet." She rises, pressing a kiss to my hairline. "Want me to close your curtains?" "Nah, I still have to brush my teeth. I'll get them." "Okay. Goodnight, sweetheart." "Night, Mom." She slips back through my door, and I rise from the bed, crossing my room to reach for my curtains. As I do, I spy a glowing yellow rectangle almost directly across from mine, the only lit window in the Swan house. I pause, hands still holding the curtains, thinking of the nights I spent watching a vacant window, wondering about the girl who only half-lived behind it. Suddenly, a silhouette appears, too small and too slight to be Charlie's, but too far to make out any detail. It pauses, arms stretched wide like an embrace, and I realize that Bella's likely about to close her own curtains. She pauses, and we gaze at each other across an expanse of darkness. Suddenly, she brings one hand closer to her body, and lifts it, as if in a wave. I smile to myself and return the gesture, and we stand there saluting each other for a minute before she finally pulls her drapes closed. A moment later, the room behind them goes dark. I close my own, padding to the bathroom to brush my teeth before returning to my room and flipping off the light before sliding between my sheets. The house is silent, and my room is dark, and even though I can't see it, I know the photo of Bella and me from all those years ago is still across the room, pinned to my board, staring at me through the darkness. You can't go home again. But perhaps, if you're very lucky, you can take the best parts of it with you when you leave. Thanks for reading. For more information about the Fandom4LLS fundraisers, check out the blog at .com.