into clean cloths when you're done." He looked thoughtful for a moment, "unless your comfortable staying in the towel." My eyebrows shot up as fury over took me. Yes he was a pervert and an ass but he'd never suggested such a lewd thing. He placed his hand back over my mouth before laughing and turning for the door, "I'll wait outside, not a sound remember." What the hell, what ever had happened had sent them all crazy that was for sure. God knows why but I did as he asked, I decided that it must have been important for Leah to drag me into the house and for Paul to talk to me so much. All the while I could hear growls, whines and inhuman screams coming from down the hall. The longer I stayed in the shower the whines turned to sobs. I knew it was Jacob and he was in pain, a lot of pain. Wringing out my hair I stepped out of the shower wrapping a towel quickly round my self as I used the sink to brush my teeth, goodness knows why, it was habit. Half way through I realised how stupid it seemed so I spat out the toothpaste, dried quickly and pulled on a pair of jeans and a clean tee before collecting everything up along with my bag and opening the door. As promised Paul was leaning on the wall opposite waiting for me, nodding to the cloths he to the floor and took my bag dropping it at the top of the stairs. I could hear the sobs louder now. Stopping outside what I knew to be the guest room he turned to look at me and for the first time ever Paul looked just as worried and tired as the others. "I…I'll be honest. We don't know if your going to be safe in there. I'm coming in with you but, well, we don't know what else to do. We tried it his way and its just not working. Quil and Embry are in here already." I nodded my hands still trembling. "There's a chair ready for you, I don't want you to move it until were sure he's ok with you being here." Opening the door slightly and stepping back so I could walk in front of him before we heard Jacob's teeth snap together in a snarl. One of his arms shot out to hold me back, "Stay behind the chair Bella." Jacob screamed when he said my name and I felt a tear run down my cheek. Even more unusual for Paul, he took my hand and led me in behind him. The scene that greeted me made my knees buckle but Paul caught me. Jacob was strapped to what looked like a psychiatric bed and still riling his back arching with every scream and growl, his hands struggling. He seemed worse now I was in the room. Paul held me by the open door as I buried my face into his chest, I didn't care that it was Paul or that I'd have preferred Embry or Quil, or dare I think it Jake to be holding me right now, but I needed this, warm arms encircling me, holding me upright, tight and safe. "Talk to him." He coaxed gently. I honestly didn't think he could be like this, that he could ever let anyone, especially me this close. Jake's moans stilled for a few moments and I took it as my opportunity to speak. "Hey, Jake." I swallowed waiting for the growls to start up again. Damn did he growl, it made the hairs on my arms stand up. "I told you to keep her away," He snapped out, his eyes focused on Paul who dropped his arms from around me suddenly. He didn't answer him, just nodded toward me. I couldn't think of anything to say. This was worse than when I'd been to see Grandma Swan when she was unconscious in the hospital before she passed away. I searched through things I could tell him, leaving for college, work, Charlie. "I... I got a job, in Seattle. It's a little book store." I was swallowing nervously and Jakes growls never stopped rumbling through his chest. Before this moment I'd never seen Jake look less human, even when he was phased, even as I'd watched him tear Victoria's head from her un-dead body. That was nothing close to this. The sweat poured from his body, the window wide open still you could feel the heat emanating from him, ten feet away. I looked to Paul how motioned for me to continue. I did, I told him every insignificant thing I could think of until after an hour of talking I ran out of things to tell about the bookstore and how I needed to get better because he had to help me buy furniture for my dorm room because there was no way I'd come out of a flat pack warehouse in one piece. He'd been quiet for a while and I made my way to the chair slowly and Paul kneeled down in front of me between Jake and I, as the tears ran down his cheeks I wanted to move forward and brush them away. Jake was biting his bottom lip when he spoke, his voice rough and shaky. Embry and Quil's eyes never left Jake's quivering form. How had he not phased? I kept wondering over and over. "Did they tell you what was wrong?" I shook my head before realising I had to answer him because he was still to look at me. He seemed weaker now marginally from when I first came into the room, "God damn, you smell so good Bella. Did I ever tell you that? I've always loved the way you smell. Even before I phased." He looked to Quil and swallowed, "Tell her, I'm too tired." Nervously I watched Quil shift uncomfortably in his seat. oOo