I started to walk now. I didn't really care about getting back to Charlie's house. This kind of thing had happened back in Arizona too but usually I came back before nightfall because walking around at night is when scorpions and other nasties come out to do their jobs. But I ran miles and miles on the rez. I didn't know what I was running from but when I was running I was not stressed. I was peaceful. I was ruled by the desire to run and be away from the things of man. Even now I was no longer stressed. I had come to a quiet acknowledgement that my actions had been wrong and stupid and that I had probably driven Charlie to arouse a search party. Which was too bad for him because I would get back home in one piece. No matter how far I wandered I was never lost, and I always managed to reach home again. In Navajo religion they say the spirits of our ancestors watch out for us. Well, I know mine do. There are many times when I should have by all logical reason been lost in the desert with no easy way back and I've found my way back. It's like this feeling of companionship, of never being alone. There are some strange things my people do and half of me feels like because of the "white" I shouldn't be a Navajo because I'm not pure, but I'm sure of protection. It's a very quiet thing. A quiet assurance that is like the wind. You don't see it, but it's there and it is always around you. I caught sight of a house with a yard and walked towards it, moving through the trees like a shadow. By all accounts I should have been afraid of the dark shadow that crossed my path because it was most assuredly a wolf. But I wasn't. I watched the great black wolf bound across the path and then I saw its eyes fix on me. And I still wasn't afraid. "Yes. I'm here." I said. "And I want to be alone. Don't be concerned about me, I will find my path. Worry about your own." The wolf regarded me with deeply intelligent eyes but it melted into the underbrush. I got back to Charlie's house at about midnight and I was tired but I was now calm. I was worried about how cold my limbs were but that was minor. The jittery, nervous energy that had made me need to leave had dissipated. He was gone, presumably to search for me. I went up the stairs and showered with hot water very quickly, and without even drying my hair I pulled on sweatpants, flip flops, and a t-shirt. I layered Jacob's jacket over it as he had left it here. I walked back into the woods, sufficiently warmed to join the attempt. Billy was in the other side of the house. How do I know that? Good question. I just knew. "CHARLIE!" I yelled "JACOB!" I heard voices calling out my name. "CHARLIE! JACOB! I'M AT THE HOUSE!" I yelled. I heard them coming towards me. I knew they would be angry with me so I went back in and was face to face with Billy. I ran my hand through my dripping ponytail. There was something impossible to read in his black eyes. "I'm going to bed." I announced. "It's a school night, after all." With that I left my shoes by the door as well as Jacob's jacket, and went upstairs just as Charlie and Jacob came back in through the door. I heard their concerned voices murmuring from where I lay on my bed, staring at the white ceiling and wishing it was a starry sky rather than this walled cage. I heard them move towards the door. "Haseya is struggling." Billy said "Charlie, what is the reservation in Arizona like?" Charlie sighed. "I don't know Billy. Whenever I ask about it she puts barriers up and hides it from me." Jacob was silent, to his credit. "I'm deeply concerned about my daughter, Billy." Charlie said "Her mother says that more and more often, Haseya leaves the house without warning and runs off. She has no idea where she goes. And Haseya doesn't talk about it with us. I was hoping maybe having you and Jacob come over would help her adjust to life here." I could almost feel Billy thinking. Typical to most Native American tribal leaders was a wisdom that you just couldn't get off a cereal box, there was a deepness to their words sometimes that reflected the past better than any pool of water. It was as though the ancestors spoke through them for our good. And it was that way that he spoke now. "Haseya needs to wander." Billy said "We can hope for her safety, but I fear if we try to shut her in a house, in a small town, it will end badly. You have to let her run, Charlie." Charlie heaved another sigh. "I worry so much about her." Billy looked up in the direction of my room. "You don't need to." He said with utmost authority. I clutched the bone carving of the wolf that dangled around my neck as I heard that. "I'm so sorry, Charlie." Jacob said "I just asked her if she was okay and she just ran out. I should have stopped her." "Not your fault, Jacob." Charlie said "I'll have her call you when she's ready to apologize for scaring you like that." I felt terrible for worrying them but at the same time I was assured of the necessity of running away again. Now I felt like I could go to school tomorrow. If I could have a conversation with a wolf in the woods and come back unharmed, then I could handle a school full of idiots. Right? Hot tears dripped onto my pillow.