him. We had our suspicions as well when it came to Embry's father. Seeing as how he had the wolf gene which is passed through the men. Embry's father couldonly have been one of three people. Quils father John who died when Quil was 12, Sams father Michael,and none other then my dad, Billy. None of us ever mention it because we dont want to know. "Jake, Theres nothing in La Push for me. Its not my home. I don't know were home is but thats not it." "But Embry, Your mom, what about her?" "She kicked me out, said that she never wanted to see me again that I was nothing but a dissapointment and that I would end up like my father had. Dead before he had a chance to live because quote: "he was out covorting with the devil and summoning demons" shes been a drunk since my dad died andI'm sick of taking care of her. It's timefor me to live my life and take of myself for once." "Wow Embry I had no idea things were that bad, why had you never told me? You know my house was always open to you." " I didn't need hand outs, Jake. I needed to be a man and take care of my mother when she needed me but theres only so much you can do to try and help someone before you realize they dont really want to be helped." "Okay, Embry. It would be awesome to have you on bored." "Seth?" "I just listened to my heart and it told me that my path in life starts with you." Wow. Seth really was one of a kind. Who could refuse a reason as simple and heart felt as that? He never failed to blow my mind I chuckled. "So I guess I have to appoint a beta." "YES!" "Really?" And the only noise Leah made was the sound of a sigh of immense relief. "So Leah, would you dothe honor?" "Honor of what, Jake?" She didn't believe that I would actually offer her the position of being my beta. I don;t know why though. She was a genius when it came to plotting anything not to mention she could out race any of us. She was the obvious choice. " The honor of being my beta." " Jake!" she gasped "Are you sure?" "Yes. Leah,I've never been more sure of anything." "I would love to be beta." " So its official? we're a pack?" Seth was bouncing with excitement. "Yes, I guess it is. I gotta say though I was nice having my head be silent for once, but I missed you guys. I'm glad you did what you did. I'm sure Sam had a lot to say about it though." Embry snorted. "You'd think so wouldn't you, but he didn't even object. He said he knew it was coming and that we made the right choice for us." "No way. Seriously?" "Yeah, Quil wanted to come too, but he has Claire and he can't leave her." "I wouldn;t have wanted him to leave her anyway so it's good he didnt" "Yeah. Now umm...Jake?" Seth said with a sense of urgancy behind his tone. "Yeah?" I gotta say I was scared of what he was going to say. "WERE THE HELL ARE YOU?" I laughed at his exasperated tone. "I'm up by Toronto, you should pick up my sent near the border I'll wait for you here." We never spoke of why I ran or any thing that has to do with the past. That was one thing we were all trying desprately to escape. Well except for Seth. The only person I kept in touch with from home is my dad. He doesn't know were I am but he knows I'm alive and doing good for myself and he's happy for me. One of the reasons I love my dad so much is because he truely understands me, he never once in the past 8 years asked me to come home. After we met up in Toronto I phased back to human for the first time in nine months. We got some odd jobs here and there for a year to save up all our money and spend it all to get to Maui. It's paradise here. No bad memories and no reminders of the peice of me I left in Washington. Once we got there we each got jobs and saved again only to have a garage up and running within a year. Embry and I were always good at fixing cars so we were the main mechanics. Seth got a degree from the University of Maui in engeneering so he built custom bikes for our more wealthy clients. Leah was in charge of custom paint jobs. I started drawing again when we first got to Maui and in the seven years that we had been living here my drawing has turned into another aspect of our business. I drew the custom bikes the clients wanted so that way there were no mistakes and nothing that the client could complain about later. About a year after we opened people started flocking to our garage for anything and everything having to do with cars or bikes. It got so crazy that we had to hire three more mechanics and another engineer to help Seth out with the crazy amout of custom orders coming in. Bella was still there in my heart and it still hurt to remember her and everything I went through but it wasn't the crippling heart shattering pain anymore. It was the pain of mourning what my life could have been. Now five years later here I am with the greatest friends in the world running our own successful business and yet I'm not happy, don't get me wrong I'm happy in the general sense but I cant help the nagging feeling that my heart is missing some huge vital peice.