as more and more is revealed to him. Running his hands gently over her pert, dusty pink nipples, he licks his lips causing them to harden under his touch. Arching her back off the bed, she lets out a breathy moan as her fingers reach out to him. "Kiss your wife, Mr. Cullen. "It will be my greatest pleasure, Mrs. Cullen." Capturing her lips between his, he devours her mouth with his tongue as he rubs one perfect nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Kissing his way back down he flattens his tongue on her nipple, then suckles it into his mouth. "Oh God, Edward! Do that again." He sucks the nipple back into his mouth staring up as he twirls his tongue in the process, trailing his tongue from one breast to the other, giving it the same treatment. Placing kisses down her stomach as he pulls the remainder of her undergarment off, trailing his nose from her belly button to the apex of her sex. "I want to worship you, like the goddess you are, my lovely wife." Fisting his hair in her hands, she closes her eyes, pulling him closer against her. Kissing her wet lower lips, he smiles at her startled gasp. Trailing slow kisses down one leg, then up the other, he whispers his love for her. "I love you, so much sweetheart." "Oh, Edward I love you too." Kissing his lips softly, she was startled by one of his fingers gaining entrance inside of her. "Oh my!" Trying to catch her breath, Bella grips her husband shoulders as he kisses and licks at a tender spot between her neck and shoulders. Adding a second finger, Edward, pushes in and out, his excited member growing hard, the wetter his wife becomes. The noises she utters make it hard for Edward to control his desire. Taking his thumb he presses the spot that his brother assured him would bring his wife pleasure, and causes Bella to scream so loud that he fears Charles Swan will rush over and demand to know what's happening. Bella's body shivers beneath her husband as they kiss. Fanning herself she tries to catch her breath while Edward stands up to remove his underclothes. She was on the verge of making a comment on what he just did to her, but right now she only has eyes for her husband's newly exposed parts. The man was simply, doggone gorgeous. His body was perfect; he was muscled in all the right places, his stomach, his arms, and his thighs. Thin, wispy hair covered his broad chest, leading down to a perfect V. Bella stares at his man ness, never seeing having seen one in her life. For some reason the sight of it causes her cheeks to flame, and her belly to do back flips, not to mention the sensation she was currently feeling in her private area. While Edward stalks back into the bed, every muscle bulged. Holding his body over hers, he winks at her. "Close your mouth Mrs. Cullen." Giggling uncontrollably, Bella swats playfully at his shoulder. "Oh hush you. Now, make love to your wife, Edward." "Oh, yes ma'am." Gathering her in his arms, he kisses her, gently at first, but of course his wife is not having any of that as she plunges her tongue into his mouth. Tasting each other, they become all hands, and tangle legs. Kissing her neck and her ears, Edward positions himself at her entrance. "This will hurt a little, sweetheart." "I know, do it, I'm your always and forever." With that said, he pushes into her. Tensing up under the intrusion, Bella breathes deeply adjusting to the feeling of him. Kissing his wife's lips tenderly Edward slowly starts to move. Pressing his forehead to hers, they stare into each other eyes. The more Edward moves inside of her, the more the pain subsides and Bella starts to enjoy the feel of him inside of her, the weight of him on her body. Running her hands through his hair, she captured his mouth with hers, exploring him with her tongue. Hitting a particular sensitive spot inside of her, Edward is shocked when his wife arches upto him, draping her leg over his hip. "Oh Bella, my darling wife." Lifting his wife by her backside Edward plunges deeper into her, causing her to cry out in pleasure. Swiveling his hips, he takes one of her nipples into his mouth, nibbling on the pink bud. "God yes, Edward!" As another orgasm approaches, Bella's body shakes, as Edward reaches between them pressing the same sensitive little spot he did earlier. Gripping his hair, she is hit with a mouthwatering sensation and Bella bites her husband on his shoulder to stifle the scream that she feels building in her throat. Slamming into his wife repeatedly, Edward loses all control as he feels a tightness in his stomach. Capturing her mouth, he hums as their tongues dance frantically. Shaking as he releases his seed inside of her, they both try to catch their breath. "Damn, woman I love you something fierce." Rolling off her, Edward pulls his wife to his side smothering her with little butterfly kisses. "Edward..." Bella calls out as she kisses his chest. He looks down at his beautiful wife. Her features flushed with the exhaustion of their lovemaking. "I can't believe you've been holding back on me. We could've been married months ago if I knew the marriage bed was like this." Laughing at his feisty wife, he pulls her little body on top of his. "In that case Mrs. Cullen, I say we make up for lost time." Just as Bella was going to respond Edward captures her lips in another searing kiss. The End. Please, show the author some rugged love by leaving a review, but keep in mind this is an anonymous contest. Hinting or leading to the author's identity could lead to disqualification. Thank you for your time and cooperation.