small sips, then set it down. She lay down on the back of the cart, looking pale and ill. She looked like she was going to pass out. An ambulance arrived and two men stepped out, and rushed over to Marissa. "Are you a doctor?" one of them asked me. "Yes." I said, nodding. "Can you help us?" "Of course." I said, rushing over to where the other EMT was taking Marissa's information and blood pressure. "Can you stand for me?" he said gently. Marissa groaned and shook her head. "Here." he said. "We'll help you stand." Marissa sat up and swung her feet off the golf cart. The EMT took one of her arms, looking at me for help. I nodded and took Marissa's other arm, helping her stand up. She looked weak and the EMT and I supported her while the other man took her blood pressure. Marissa sank back down on to the golf cart. She sat up, holding her mouth. "What is it?" the EMT said to Marissa, then glanced at her covered mouth. "O," he said in realization, "here. On the side of the cart." He helped her lean over and Marissa threw up once, then a few dry heaves. She sank back on the cart, with a groan. "Let's get her on the gurney." the EMT holding Marissa's arm said to me. The other helper pushed the gurney towards us. I took Marissa's arm and guided her to the bed, helping her up, because she seemed so weak. She lay back, and turned, if possible, paler. She was soon strapped in and loaded in to the ambulance. Before she was loaded in, the band director called, "Feel better Marissa." He had a worried look on his face. I wouldn't blame him. "I'll ride with her in the back." I said. The EMT's nodded and got in the front. I slid in beside Marissa and sat down on the seat in the back. "Marissa?" I said. "I am a doctor. I work at the hospital here. How do you feel right now? Do you feel naushis? Do you feel like your going to throw up again? Here, take this bag and let me know if you need to throw up again, so I can raise your head." "Ok." Marissa said. "I don't think I'm going to throw up any more, but my stomach hurts." I nodded and took Marissa's hand, squeezing it gently. "Marissa." I said. "I may need to start an IV in your arm. Where does your stomach hurt? Can you point to it for me?" She raised her hand and touched a spot near the middle of her stomach. I reached out and lightly pressed down on the spot. "Does that hurt?" I said. "Make it worse?" "No." Marissa said. "It doesn't hurt. Do I still have to get an IV?" "Unfortunately," I said, "yes." Marissa groaned. I got a needle and cleaning alcohol. I took Marissa's arm and examined the veins in the hand, wiping it with the wipes. "Is the needle going to go in my hand?" Marissa asked me. "Possibly." I said, wiping the arm just inside the elbow. Marissa whimpered. She didn't move her arm from my hands, so that was good. I took the needle and poised it over Marissa's arm. "I'm going to stick the needle in now." I said. "One, two, three. Relax your arm." I put the needle in, and watched as Marissa gritted her teeth, but made no sound. "Good job Marissa." I said, once the needle was in and I had taped it into place. She looked at me, as if I had committed a crime. We pulled into the hospital parking lot and the EMT's stepped out to the back to unload Marissa. I went ahead of them and into the hospital to get a room ready for her. The EMTs followed and helped get Marissa on to the bed, then left with the gurney. I grabbed my clipboard and papers and walked over to Marissa. "Ok Marissa." I said. "I need to ask you some questions. Are you allergic to any medications?" She shook her head. "Do you take any medications?" She shook her head once more. "Do you smoke, drink, or do drugs?" She just looked at me. I chuckled. "I had to ask." I said. "Is there any chance you could be pregnant?" She stared hard at me, eyebrows raised. "I'll take that as a no." I said, chuckling and putting my clipboard down. Marissa laughed a little. "I'm going to draw some blood from your IV," I said. "It won't hurt at all." Marissa nodded. "Good." she said. I drew some blood from Marissa's IV and said, "I will be right back Marissa. I'm just going to take this to the lab. Just relax." I walked out swiftly and once I had taken the blood to the lab, I returned to Marissa's room with a cup of mixed medicines. "Marissa." I said. "I need you to sit up and take this. It will help with your stomach ache." Marissa struggled to sit up. I helped her, so she wouldn't jerk her IV. She held out her hand, and I put the cup of medicine in it. She swallowed the medicine, making a face once it was down. She lay back down. I walked into Marissa's room and checked on her IV. "Ready to go home?" I said to her. She sat up and smiled. Her color had returned back to her face. She seemed much happier and calmer now that I had taken the IV out. She stood up and walked with me out to my car. Her parents were out of town and couldn't get her. I had said that I would make sure that she got home safe and sound, and that is what I did. I wonder what the family would say when I told them that I helped out a blind girl today.