back in the kitchen where the rest of her family was. "She's a smart human, she has to be to have survived this long." Rosalie spoke as her family turned their attention to her. "You could change her." Alice smirked knowingly as Rosalie glared at her sister. "I've already saw it Rose, the moment you made the decision to question her about the bruises and when she gave in and decided to trust you completely." Alice wouldn't mention that the human girl was her true mate, even now she was completing complicated algorithms so that Edward wouldn't know what she'd saw. "Alice?" Edward questioned her at hearing her thoughts as she just smiled at him. "This is something we will need to talk about as a whole." She noted her gaze sifting between Emmett and Rosalie. Jasper stepped closer to his mate feeling her unease and rubbed a soothing hand up and down her back. "So this Bella is going to be a part of our lives?" Emmett questioned as Alice nodded. "Do we tell her that we're vampires?" Alice blinked as she tried to see the outcome of that but everything seemed blank. "I—I don't know, but I've seen her as one of us." Alice pointed out as Rosalie shook her head. "Not that I won't welcome her, but we are already a large Coven, will this involve the Volturi?" Esme added looking around at her family members. Alice shrugged, it seemed that the only thing certain about Isabella Swan was that she would become a vampire because she was Rosalie's mate. "I won't change her, you know how I feel about that." Even as Rosalie said it nothing changed. "I know, but it doesn't change the future. She still becomes one of us." Edward inwardly smirked, if that was true then maybe she became his mate, it would make sense seeing as how she had a powerful mental shield even as a human. "I'm going to watch over her, make sure she doesn't flip out when she wakes up." Rosalie commented as she was no sooner in her own bedroom looking at the sleeping human. She closed her door knowing that it would mute some of the chatter from her family. Rosalie carefully climb onto the bed and laid next to Bella as she slept. It seemed that she could sense her presence before it was only a few moments later and Bella was cuddled into the vampire. Rosalie smiled shaking her head, this girl seemed to have no self-preservation. Falling asleep in the middle of forest now cuddling into one of the most dangerous creatures probably on the earth. Rosalie held her as she slept and closed her own eyes wishing that she too could sleep. zZz The first conscious thought that Bella had was that she felt lighter, almost at ease. The second was that she was not alone. The reason she knew this immediately is because she could feel that her body was haphazardly intertwined with another's. Bella didn't want to move just yet, didn't want to face whatever or whoever she'd ended up in bed with. Instead she attempted to bury her head into her pillow only to illicit a chuckle from said pillow. Bella squeezed her eyes shut and bit her bottom lip as memories plagued her. She'd told Rosalie just about everything before collapsing in her arms. "Had I been aware that you were part koala, I would have read a book on the loveseat instead of the bed." Rosalie commented as Bella became more aware of just how she was laying. More of her body was latched onto the blonde under her than on the bed they were laying on. "What time is it? How long have I been out?" Bella decided to ask not even attempting to remove herself from the blonde. "A little after noon, and just a few hours, I guess telling the truth can really drain a person." Rosalie commented as Bella slowly lifted her head and sought out familiar golden orbs. "Thank you." Bella spoke quietly as Rosalie didn't break the eye contact. "You don't hav—" "But I do, you didn't have to do what you did for me but you did. I feel lighter somehow and that's because of you not backing down. Everyone else in my life just accepts the lies I tell them, and you didn't." Bella wasn't sure why she did what she did next, but she didn't regret it when she met cool soft lips in the briefest of kisses. "Thank you Rosalie Hale." Bella whispered as she looked into shocked golden orbs. Bella then rolled off of the vampire and was standing up stretching her still sore body. "Where are you going?" Rosalie asked finally regaining herself after the softest kiss she'd probably ever received. "Even though my home situation isn't the best, I still do have a life outside of it." Bella commented turning to look at the slightly confused vampire. "I have a job." Rosalie raised a brow as Bella chuckled slightly. "You're going to go and work knowing that you're still hurt?" Rosalie questioned and Bella smiled. She could really fall for this woman even though she'd just met her. Rosalie seemed to really care about her and that wasn't something Bella was used to. Sure Angela and the rest of them were her friends but she'd never felt comfortable around them, not like she did with Rosalie. That thought truly puzzled her because she'd grown up knowing the others whereas outside of what Rosalie had shared with her earlier and what she vaguely remembered from the gossip mill, she didn't know the golden eyed teen. "Yeah, I am." "Isabella—" Rosalie froze remembering the reaction from this morning but this time Bella just smile. "It's ok, for you to call me Isabella, it feels right when you say it. It feels safe." Bella commented feeling her cheeks warm slightly as Rosalie returned her smile. "Because it is."