in the open now. Jacob was whimpering, clearly gasping for breath under Edward's iron grip. I knew what I had to do; the same thing I'd done for Edward (and now wished I hadn't) on that mountain months ago. Diving to the floor, I retrieved the sharpest rock I saw and dragged it across my arm. Within a second the nausea hit me full force, but I couldn't find it in me to faint when I saw Edward abandon my Jacob there on the ground, and stalk towards me like a lion that's just spotted a lone deer. Before he could get close enough Jacob pounced onto him and the next thing I saw was a fire in the last place that Edward had stood. Jake met my eyes then, and the sobs overtook me as I sank to the ground. His overgrown wolf form came and crouched next to me, nudging me with his nose as if to ask what was wrong. "I-I'm just so glad you're okay!" I choked, throwing my arms around him. He barked a laugh and trotted off into the woods, only to return a moment later with the same clothes he'd had on at the ceremony earlier. My insides were instantly warmed as he came and scooped me up into his arms, kissing the top of my head gently. "Are you alright?" he whispered tenderly. All I seemed to be able to do was cry in that moment. I couldn't believe it. I was free. Jake was here; we could be together now. Everything could just be normal for once in a long time. But Jacob didn't seem to think that was the cause of my tears. He pulled me to arms-length and gently brushed away the tears with his thumbs. "Shh Bells," he murmured. "It's okay. He's not going to hurt you anymore. I'm right here; I'll never go anywhere ever again." That caught my attention. "You promise?" I asked, my voice muffled as he squeezed me tightly into his arms. He chuckled the deep throaty laugh that I had come to love. "I promise. You never have to worry about losing me ever again. You heard what Sam said; I won't imprint. All I need is you." "And all I need is you," I echoed him with a smile. "I'm just so sorry it took me this long to realize it, Jake. I never wanted to cause you as much pain as I have, and I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make it up to you." Jacob was shaking his head before I had even finished. "Oh Bells," he sighed. "There's nothing to forgive. You'd known all this time, you'd wanted to tell me, and you didn't even know that I'd run away. It was never your intention to cause me pain. It was all the leech's fault; just like it's always been." I cracked a smile, realizing just how much I'd missed him and his sense of humor. "Well then it's a good thing we never have to worry about him again, huh?" He sighed happily, clearly unable to contain his exuberance. "Yeah it is. Bells, did you really mean what you said at the wedding?" "Which part?" "The part about moving into the Rez, getting a teaching degree, teaching the children of the tribe and all that?" I blushed crimson, embarrassed that he'd remembered that particular part of my speech. "Well… yeah," I said quietly. "I thought it'd be nice for me to get involved, since it's always been such a part of me… of us; and because I love kids. But if you don't want me to teach there-" "Bella," he cut me off, shaking his head and smiling. "Don't even finish that sentence. Of course I love that idea. It is honestly the most wonderful thing I could've ever imagined except for one thing, and it's something that Billy said." Now I was confused. "Which was?" "Do you want to marry me one day? Have our own little family?" How could he even ask me such a question? My heart fluttered at the thought of us being together for the rest of our lives. "Of course Jake," my voice was rough with emotion. "That's all I've ever wanted, that's what drove me to the decision to choose you; all the wonderful possibilities of that life." The tears spilled from his eyes then, and finally he leaned in to kiss me. It was the kind of kiss they talk about in books and movies, one that sets the moon and the stars into alignment, one that makes the choruses of heaven sing with delight, the one that made your heart do a little clicking noise, because you'd found the last piece to your puzzle; your other half. That was what we were and what we would always be: two halves of the same whole. When he pulled back there was nothing but love in his eyes. "I love you Isabella Swan," he whispered. "Now, and for everyday for the rest of my life." "I love you too, Jacob Black," I smiled warmly. "Now let's go home." And we did. A/N: This is the longest short story I've ever written but that's why it's a oneshot! What did you guys think? Was it too sappy or just right, because that has been dying to be let out of my mind since I read Breaking Dawn! I started writing this in the beginning of August and it's now September 7 th haha. I've just gotten back to school three weeks ago and I've been a combo of blocked and busy! However I will be updating tonight and the rest of this week for anyone reading any of my other stories! This has helped release the block and I'm ready to get back at it! Review and tell me what you guys thought, I'll see you in my other stories! I love you guys! Thanks for Reading! -thewolfgurlgleek :)