I just assumed. I mean, handsome guy like you..." I murmured, blushing as I did so. It was ridiculous how happy that one little fact made me. He didn't have a girlfriend! I was surprised to find him a little flushed too, as he replied, "No, that's okay. It's an honest mistake that many people make. Few call their parents by their given names." "No, I really should have known, because I do, too. Not to their faces though..." I said. We started walking away from the house. Edward had a flashlight in his hand, although the full moon sufficiently lighted our way. "I'm sorry you have to help me find my way home. It must be annoying. Especially so close during the holidays. I'm probably pulling you away from your family," I apologized. "That's okay," he said, "It happens all the time. You wouldn't believe the number of people that have come by here, lost, these days. Besides, Esme is my only family and she's not flying in until tomorrow so you're not keeping me from anyone. Where are you staying, anyways?" I described to him where my house was. He looked at me in surprise, "You're staying in the old Swan Estate? You're Bella... Swan?" I nodded, "Yeah, but I guess it's the Whitlock Estate now. My dad gave my sister Alice the old house when she got married to her husband, Jasper Whitlock, five months ago in June." "Huh," Edward said, "Who would have guessed..." I looked at him and he seemed far away in his thoughts. I wondered if he was still thinking about my house or if it was something else. "What?" I asked him. "Well, it's just that there are a lot of old legends surrounding that place," he answered. "A lot of old legends?" I questioned him. "Well, not a lot," he admitted, "just one in particular." I stared at him blankly. "Bella," he admonished me, "you live there. You can't tell me you've never heard any stories about your place?" I shrugged, "I guess not. My parents haven't told me any stories. Or if they did, I probably just forgot." "Trust me," Edward said, "you wouldn't have forgotten this one. In fact, it's the main reason why so many people are getting lost here nowadays. They keep trying to find your house." "Really?" I said, a bit astonished. I'd have never guessed that the creaky old monster was that popular, "But we've never seen anyone other than our own family around." "Well, I never told them. I thought that your family wouldn't appreciate random strangers coming to your house and poking around all the time." I was stunned by his unasked for thoughtfulness, "Thank you." "No problem," he replied, as if it was nothing at all. "So how do you know that I'm not just one of those random strangers?" I teased him. He laughed, "Well, all of those other people couldn't even describe at least a little bit of where it was. And here you are, knowing every tree, shrub, and brook that surrounds the place. You couldn't be one of those random strangers." He had me there. This guy was sharp. "So," I said, curiosity peaked, "What is this old legend anyway?" "Well," Edward said hesitantly, "It's a long story." "Hmm... judging by how late it is and the fact that I started out at sunset, I figure that we've got time," I said. He still hesitated. "What," I laughed, "did someone die or something?" "Actually," Edward replied, "two people did." All laughter died out of my voice. "Oh," I said. He turned to me, catching my tone of voice, his fingers spread out apologetically and his eyes wide again, "I'm sorry if that upsets you. I shouldn't have said anything. That just completely slipped out." I shook my head fervently, and perhaps, out of morbid interest, I said, "No, I want to know. What happened?" Edward peered at me, his expression scrutinizing as I squirmed under his gaze, a gaze that made me want to jump his bones right then and there under the starry sky. Finally, he spoke up, "Well, it's a rather tragic tale. Are you sure you want to hear it?" I sighed and sped up, stopping right in front of him, my arms crossed from both the cold and plain old pig-headedness. "Spill," I commanded. "We're just a little pushy today, aren't we?" Edward said, an eyebrow raised, but at my fierce look, he continued. "Well, perhaps you know that your house used to be an old inn, a bed and breakfast of sorts, where people went to have a drink and stay overnight if they wanted to." "Yeah, I remember hearing something like that. When I was six, my parents got into this huge fight with the city government. They wanted to make our house some sort of historical monument but my parents refused. Obviously we'd have to move out if they did so, and this house has been in my family for generations. I'd never understood why they wanted to make it a historical site though. There really isn't anything special about it, except the fact that it was old," I spoke my thoughts. "Well, maybe this story will enlighten you as to why the city wanted to do that," Edward replied, "Your ancestor, the man who originally owned the place was..." "The landlord," I completed. "Right, and he had a beautiful daughter, his only daughter, and his most prized possession in the world since her mother died in birthing her. Legend has it that although he loved her greatly, he still held some resentment in his heart for her mother's death, and so father and daughter were never as close as they could have been and for most of her life, the daughter had a lot more freedom than most other girls," Edward explained. I nodded, "So what happened?" Edward chuckled darkly, "Well, what else could have happened? She fell in love..."