not the mafia, Larry, I think she can handle a glance in her direction without going insane." "That's what you think," Larry said ominously. "Now, I'll stand up first, and then you follow me and catch up. She's the one who sits right in the middle of the table next to the window." We stood. We walked. I looked. Llana Stanley was bottle blonde with cleavage that only plastic surgery or a serious push up bra could produce. She was fair and unfreckled, and she would have been prettier if she'd worn less makeup. As it was, she looked like a glossed-over Barbie. Then she turned her head and met my eyes. The look she gave me was one of contempt. She whispered to the girl sitting next to her. I looked away, trying not to blush at having been caught out. Larry's people were a group of five. Two boys with dark shaggy shoulder length hair and dark eyes, one with glasses, one with a Mountain Dew can in front of him. Wide smiles, mouths almost two wide for their faces, but they could pull it off while they were still boyish. A girl who had a mane of blonde and a curvy yet confident vibe wearing tight skinny jeans and a soft yellow long sleeved v-neck. A girl who was stick-thin and flat. And the fifth member was another boy, floppy mouse-coloured hair and faded late-summer blue eyes. "Hi," curvy greeted me, smiling. She looked like she's out of a magazine, the all-American sweetheart. I envied her already, because she looked perfectly comfortable in her own skin and I hadn't quite got the hang of being comfortable in mine. "Um. Hi," I said, sitting awkwardly beside Larry. Larry, Larry - you are already my comfort blanket. "I'm Breanna," she said, holding out a hand for me to shake. "That's a Fleetwood Mac song," I noted as I accepted the greeting and shook her hand. Warm. Dry. Confident. "You know Fleetwood Mac?" asked stick-thin incredulously. "No one knows them!" "They were pretty famous," I said doubtfully. "Still are." She leaned forward. "What do you think of the Vampire Weekend cover of Everywhere ?" I shrugged. "Good. Nothing's ever going to have the same impact as the original, but they didn't try to make it their own too much, which worked." "Mumford and Sons cover of Cousins ?" "Again, the original is always going to be best. Cousins wasn't my favourite Vampire Weekend song anyway." "What is?" "Oxford Comma." I took a bite of my pie, which had been neglected since I'd arrived. "Sally," Larry said, "This is Mu. Mu, this is Sally." Sally sat back. "Make a reference to a Mustang, and I may have to kill you." I smiled. "What about Sally's Song ?" "The Nightmare Before Christmas?" Sally raised her eyebrows, impressed. "You get around." I couldn't resist. "I'm not the one who's been riding all over town." She looked reluctantly amused, pressing her lips together so that she wouldn't laugh. "I'll give you that one," she said. Larry nudged me. "That's Nate..." - glasses - "...Tom..." - Mountain Dew - "...and that's Chris." Chris was late summer sky. "Guess which one of us is the academic one," Nate challenged. Obviously I'd been correct in my assumptions and they were in fact twins. I pointed to Tom. "Excellent choice," he said, then turned to Nate. "You owe me five bucks." Chris smiled shyly at me in greeting, but his attention was on Sally, who was raving to no one in particular about how Katy Perry's version of Electric Feel was better than the original because it made the song sound more meaningful and thought out. I made a mental note to look up the cover. Larry leaned over to Breanna. "Hey, did you see that Sid came and sat with us?" Breanna nodded, eyes lighting up with curiosity. "What did he want?" "He wanted Mu." Breanna glanced at me. "Oh, you poor thing. Llana's going to eat you alive." "That's what I said!" Larry exclaimed. "She didn't believe me." I am right here, I thought peevishly. On cue, Breanna's head swivelled back to me. "Do you like Sid?" "Um. No." "You do!" Larry accused gleefully. "No," I repeated firmly. "The course of true love never did run smooth," she quipped. "So, when we go to Mac's, are you going to make a move?" "No," Breanna said sharply, "She's not." My hero. She continued. "Because if Sid wants her, he'll make the move." Scratch that. I eyed Breanna resentfully. "Um. I don't want anyone making moves." Breanna and Larry exchanged another meaningful look. I sighed and glanced around the table, looking for a saviour. Nate grinned at me. "I don't think you get a choice." "I don't think I do," I agreed glumly. "I don't even know if I can go." "Strict parents?" I shook my head. "I live with my uncle. My dad's still in New Zealand." Nate offered me the packet of chips he was holding. "Dorito?" I accepted, munching on dehydrated cheese and nacho. "Do you think your uncle won't like you going out?" I shrugged. "Um. I've only been here for, like, three weeks." "To be honest," he said, "It'd probably be easier for you if you didn't go. Then Llana wouldn't have an excuse to get her claws out." My gaze flickered to Llana's table again before returning to Nate. "Um. Why is everyone scared of her?" "Because," Tom cut in, apparently having eavesdropped. "She's a bitch. She spread a rumour about Breanna being a lesbian." "With me," Sally said, wrinkling her nose. "Some people have no imagination. Sure, let's make the weird muso chick a lesbian, that's so original." I shrugged again. "I'm not trying to impress anyone. The people who matter know who I am, and everyone else can get stuffed." Llana Stanley included. Nate clapped. "You're badass," Tom told me, grinning. "Bad- ass," Nate agreed. I kind of felt normal.