lost it," he sighed and rolled his eyes. "I mean I lost my cell phone while I was hunting…Yes…Yeah, I'm fine, mom…Yes, I'm sure…um-um…yeah," he hummed. "Ok, don't worry…Yeah, I'll be fine…Love you, too…Bye." He put the phone back in place and sighed. "Momma, Alice and Rose are going hunting tonight. They won't be back until tomorrow morning. Dr. Snow called in sick, he and Dad changed shifts so he'll be working all night. Emmett and Jasper decided to stay for a few days at the Denali's. It seems like I'll be on my own tonight." "Aren't you going to Bella's?" Yeah, I know that was sort of a stupid question, but whatever. "No, Charlie took some days out of work. He and Bella are in Seattle. They'll only be back by Monday." "Do you…do you mind if I stay here with you?" "Um…sure." He sat on the bed, leaning against the headboard, his legs Indian-style. He picked up the TV remote and turned it on. The first thing that appeared on the screen was CNN. Some guys had stolen a house and killed- Edward sighed and changed the channel. The next thing was some crap series about 18th century romance. He made a face and changed it again. Family Guy appeared on the screen. This went on until he finally tuned the TV off. He stared at it though. His eyes were empty. "I'm a horrible company," I blurted out. He shook his head no. "Can…can I sit?" I asked, gesturing to the bed. He nodded, without taking his sight from the black screen. I sat, the same way he was. The tension in the room was so thick; you could cut it with a knife. I looked up, hoping to count the holes in the ceiling, but there weren't any. It was just plain white, flawless. A sniff and a quiet sob echoed in the room. I turned my gaze to Edward, who was locking eyes with the hands on his lap, tears streaming down his face as he shook slightly. He sniffed again and looked at me. I couldn't begin to describe how marvelous his eyes were. I'd never seen anything like it. His pupils were a little dilated, making them look like a cat's. This time I couldn't help but think it was adorable. "I-I'm sorry," he whispered, his voice broken, his lip trembling. "It's ok. Just let it all come out. It's not good to keep it all inside." He shook his head. "I just…want to forget it. Just…could you please distract me?" "Um…sure," I answered, unsure of what to say. "So…what's your favorite color?" Fuck, idiot! His favorite color? Like…seriously? He made a strange face and shrugged. Shit, I hadn't really helped at all. "There's some food in the fridge, downstairs," he offered. "If you're hungry…you're free to go." Truth was I was starving. I didn't know how to refuse. "Will you be ok?" He nodded. The kitchen wasn't hard to find. You'd think so in a huge place like this, but it was unmistakable. It was modern and looked like the ones we see on the cover of the best decoration companies' magazines. I went straight to the fridge and opened it. And holy shit if they hadn't gone buy an entire supermarket. It was so full. Why did they have this all anyway? They don't even eat! Oh, right, Bella. But she doesn't eat all of this, for God sake. I picked some ham and cheese, along with two loafs of bread and made a sandwich. I drank a glass of coke and put in the counter. I headed upstairs to Edward's bedroom. I knocked at the door. I was well-educated. Besides, he could freak out if I just walked in like that. "Edward?" I knocked again. "Edward, can I come in?" He didn't answer. I didn't hear even a sound. Deciding to see if he was alright, I opened the door slowly and stepped in. Edward was curled up on his bed, his eyes closed. The position didn't really look comfortable and he was shivering slightly, so I grabbed a pillow and slowly lifted his head, putting it under it. I pulled the covers under him, so I could cover him with them. I took a step to leave, but a weak white slim hand stopped me. I noted it was warm. There was no doubt now: he was turning human. "Don't go," he muttered, sleepily. "You can lay here." "Edward…" "Please," a crystal tear rolled down his cheek. "Stay." How could I say no? "Hush, don't cry. I'm not going anywhere" After we were both under the covers I turned to him. He was beautiful. His lips made an adorable little pout and his dark long thick eyelashes reached his cheeks. Some bronze locks fell on his forehead. I've been having these thoughts about him for a while now but I hadn't freaked out yet, as I so expected. Truth was: I was starting to feel attached to him. I'd always been sure I wasn't gay. Now, that song from Paramore filled my mind. "…you are the only exception…". I was sure this wasn't an imprint. An imprint was much stronger, but this sure was something special. I didn't feel so in love with Bella anymore. She was just what she was, my best friend. And the fact that I'd hated him for so long…God, it sure was just because of her. I don't know how I haven't noticed this before. Had I hated him because of that? …because I felt something this good for him? I didn't know what to do, I didn't know what to think, but for know I was certain of one thing: I wasn't letting go. At this, I wrapped my arms around him protectively and he leaned into me almost automatically. "Jacob," he murmured, as my eyelids became heavy. "Thank you,"he breathed. I closed my eyes and smiled. "Sure" And we both fell asleep.