beater. I smiled and held out my hand, as she took it I leant in and said in her ear "I fully intend to B-B, don't you worry about that!" She flushed a beautiful shade of pink so I squeezed her hand and winked, picking up her short robe that was on the bed and helped her on with it. Everyone was in the sitting room as we entered, I could feel Esme and Carlisle watching me, but now was not the time, they could wait till B-B was asleep. Alice asked if Bella wanted to watch the latest chick flick or some new vampire movie, she nodded saying "Yeah haven't seen it yet, that would be great", Jazz and I groaned and Bella laughed. It was pretty good actually, wrong on all counts about vampires, but the werewolves were good and the flashbacks sequences were gritty, the idea of a vampire and a werewolf being in love was a bit far-fetched, though, but they didn't know about the smell obviously. Carlisle and Esme were really quiet and it was plain they wanted to talk to me, but I just ignored them and watched Bella, as she watched the movie, occasionally she looked around the room and then back at the screen, you could almost see the wheels turning in her head, it won't be long before she works it out, during a couple of scenes she even shook her head, as if she realised how wrong they'd got it all. By the closing title's she had nodded off again, the drama and pain of the day probably exhausting her, so I scoop her up and carried her to her bedroom, as I lay her down she mumbled "You smell good Emmy bear", smiling to myself I pulled the covers over her and placed a small kiss on her forehead, she sighed deeply and so did I. So this was what being in love felt like, I mused, I had never felt this way before, proving without a doubt, Rosie and I had been in lust, not love for all those years! Time to face the family, by now all I knew was, wherever Bella was that's where I needed to be. They were apologetic and full of remorse, but it smacked of too little too late, to me. Didn't they see how hurtful it was for them to still care so much about Rosalie's affairs as if she'd done nothing wrong, but they ignored me on a daily basis, all because she was their last tie to Edward! I'm not stupid, even I worked that one out, right away. It's not as if they'd come to this conclusion by themselves, how unfair they were being, it needed Alice to threaten them with us all leaving first. As I said, far too late. So I let them have it both barrels, did they stop to think how I felt about everyone going to her wedding? How I wasn't allowed to have a laugh or joke at home? That I still had to play second fiddle to Edward, dear god they had him almost saint-like in their minds! I didn't pull my punches, telling them he was a petty, evil, conniving little shit, who cared for no one but himself! "I've found my mate now, who is the same girl remember, they both threatened to kill! She's my priority now and I will never allow her to have to live in Edward's shadow, especially as it's such a fucked up delusion! Did you even ask the brothers about their reading of him? or were you too scared Carlisle?" with that I walked away leaving Esme sobbing and Carlisle with his head in his hands. I needed so badly to calm down and there was only one place I could do it, I slowly entered her room and just stood there lost in thought, "Emmett!" she murmured, I looked up and although she was still asleep, her hand was held out towards me and I gladly took it and climbed onto the bed behind her, wrapping my arms around her tiny body and holding on for dear life. She turned in my embrace, awake now and held me, positioning us so my head was on her chest and she was stroking my hair and running her nails over my scalp, just like I remember my own mother doing. "Shh, I've got you, everything will be okay!" she said quietly and I knew it would be, as long as we were together. We lay like that for an hour before she said "The movies get it so wrong don't they? You're nothing like the way humans depict you!". I sighed, "Didn't take you long did it Bella-B? Are you okay with this? Can you accept, that this what I am?" I whispered back to her. "It's all irrelevant now, Emmy bear I can't outrun fate, we are joined together by an unbreakable bond, I can feel it's pull and I don't really want to go anywhere without you now!" was my answer. I lifted my head and kissed her tenderly for the first time and we both heaved out big sighs, this was what we needed and had been waiting for, each being the perfect match for the other. 'Blue Peter' is a British children's television programme, shown on the BBC channel. A significant part of British culture, it first aired in 1958. In the craft/build segments, they always had one they had made earlier, to show what it should look like. Margaret Anne Lake (born 27 July 1942), best known by her stage name ' Mystic Meg' , is a British astrologer and psychic. Urban Dictionary spare prick at a wedding. - used when you feel lonely or in times you feel out of place. blech. - an expression such as disgusting, yucky, horrid, gross...usually in taste. Spaz - From spastic, the disability. Means a person that acts insane or mentally retarded.