how fragile she was, but women are not porcelain dolls and a few bruises won't kill them. It was fast and furious and over way too soon, but we both needed the quick release, this time. I carried Bella to the bar and laid her across three of the padded barstools, hookin' one of her legs over my arm and the other restin' on my shoulder. I entered her slowly this time and she hissed as I grazed her clit which was still swollen and sensitive. I was watchin' myself slide in and out of her hot sweat covered body, my dick was covered in her juices and I was enjoyin' the slow languorous pace. I Can't believe how much it turns me on Just to be your man Bella was moanin' softly and playin' with her own nipples, but her eyes were averted until I noticed she was watchin' us in the mirror above the bar. She could see what I saw and it turned her on, 'That's my girl' I thought. She liked a little spice in her life, well that suits me just fine and dandy. I was not your average plain vanilla type of guy. We had just finished round four when someone pounded on the door, "I know you're in there fucker, I can smell your jizz from here!" he yelled. "Shit! Major! I'm so sorry, I forgot about you man" I said, and I wandered over to open the door, not botherin' that I was still naked, it's not like he hasn't seen it all before. "What the hell happened to you, Peter? Alice has caught a flight out and is totally pissed off that I wouldn't go until I'd seen you were alright" he said angrily, but his eyes were avidly takin' in every inch of me and that did it, I was hard again. "I found my mate 'Major', my little she-devil, my Bella," I said as I turned to introduce them. She was still naked, but now straddlin' a chair, her arms across the back of it with my hat on her head watchin' Jasper as he unconsciously stroked my back, over my hips and down to my ass. Her arousal filled the room and we both looked at her intently as his hand slide across my hipbone, droppin' down to grip me tightly in his fist. Fuck he was the only one apart from me who's fingers met when wrapped around my dick. I moaned loudly and thrust into his hand, it had been a long time since we had been intimate and I missed the son of a bitch. I grabbed his neck and pulled him in for a searin' kiss. I suddenly felt Bella as she slide her little body between us sayin', "That would be mine, thank you very much, Major! But his ass is all yours!" God damn I loved this little woman, she wasn't afraid to share me and I could feel him projectin' her feelings for me and his lust which was also for me. It didn't pass me by that they had no lust for one another, the only connection they had was me, to make me feel good. She wanted to see him taking me and I was more than happy to let him. The next hour consisted of me lyin' on my back with my devil woman bouncin' up and down in my lap, reverse cowgirl as she watched the 'Major's dick slide in and out of my ass. I was in heaven or hell dependin' who you asked with my legs over his shoulders. The sight of them both watchin' me was drivin' me insane, I had taken a leaf out of Bella's book, watchin' them in the bar mirror. so I slide my hand around her to rub and pinch her clit, rubbin' against his erection at the same time with my knuckles, as we were all so closely entwined, this sent her hurtlin' over the edge takin' me with her and he followed right after. We lay there in a heap of pure bliss and I grabbed the 'Major' face kissed him again and said, "Welcome home my lover, I've missed you" he smiled snugglin' into one side of me as Bella did the same on the other. I was really beyond happy, for the first time in years. I had my mate and my lover together holdin' me tight in their lovin' embraces, It felt so right and I hoped he was stayin'. But for now, nothin' could beat this, I felt loved and needed and lyin' here cuddled up was the perfect Peter sandwich to me. Once we had all calmed down and Bella started to feel hungry, we threw on our jeans and she wore my shirt. Her bar had a small kitchen in the back and when she'd made a quick snack, we told her everything. She guessed we were different right off and said she'd seen some of our kind before, but as they had caused no bother in her bar and left with willin' partners she'd thought no more about it. She quizzed us about havin' different coloured eyes. I told her she was it for me and I wanted her for eternity, but that I wasn't rushin' her and we had time. But she surprised us by sayin' she'd put the bar up for sale tomorrow, that she was ready to move on with us and start a new life. The 'Majors' head went up when she had said 'move on with us', I cocked my head and asked, "You stayin'?" he nodded yes and my heart soared which of course he felt, he gave me a little smirk and I felt his gratitude. I grabbed one of their hands in each of mine and smilin' told them both, I was honoured and humbled to be 'Your Man' . Bella, mi demonio , mi pareja = Bella, my demon, my mate