nodded but spoke up, "Well we thought that they weren't the kind of vampires that abandoned one of their own... But you know better than that now don't you Blake?" Caius and I had reached a mutual understanding during my stay here, I'm not saying that we are now best friends, but we weren't at each others throats anymore. I was silent for a moment but then shook my head, "I agree, they are not the people I thought they were but I still do not think that they would start killing random humans." I stated firmly, I believed it because even though I hated the Cullens and the others in Forks more than ever, and the mere thought of them made me want to vomit in my mouth, I knew that they weren't murderers. Deserters sure, but killers? No way. "Though we do trust you Blake, we cannot go on just your word alone." This was Marcus that spoke up this time, "If there is even the smallest possibility that the Cullens are going to start an uprising we have to be prepared for it." I was about to once again state my opinion but Aro spoke up before I could, "That being said we have an assignment for you." He said with his signature smile, "We had a house in Forks, Washington remodeled and furnished, and ready for someone to move in." He said and I knew exactly what he was getting at now, "I have decided that you and Ms. Scott will move in as sisters, attend school, and essentially gather information about what is happening in Washington." I shook my head right away, "No way in hell." I answered, "I washed myself cleaned of those people, I have moved on with my life and now you are telling me I'm having to go back?" I chuckled and crossed my arms over my chest, "As tempting as this offer sounds, I am going to have to decline." Aro just chuckled and shook his head, "Oh my dear Blake..." He said fondly as he stepped down from the platform and took my hands in his, "We are not asking you if you were willing to do this." He continued to give me his sickly sweet smile, "But we are not giving you a choice, so you and Ms. Scott need go and pack your bags." ~~Present~~ That is how I went from Point A to Point Fuck. So now I was stuck back in Forks, and once again attending the same stupid high school as another new girl. But at least this time I had Marina with me. I took a bite out of my now almost gone apple as I looked up at the approaching high school, "Why do I now have the sudden feeling that this is going to go south in a colossal way?" "Because you have a very negative outlook on life." Marina answered plainly and I chuckled, nodding in agreement. She pulled into the school parking lot and parked in a spot next to an old beat up truck. "Great." I said as I took the final bite in my apple, "We are going to be surrounded by a bunch of fucking backwater rednecks." I glared at the people that were gather around the parking lot through my aviators before I opened the passenger door to get out. Marina sighed and shook her head, "Would it kill you to at least pretend to not be a total bitch?" She asked pleadingly, but I just rolled my eyes and hopped out of the jeep. I walked around to the driver's side of the jeep and waited for Marina to get out, and once she did we started to make our way towards the entrance of the school... But not before I causally tossed my apple core into the bed of the beat up pickup truck. "Hey! That's not the trash can!" Marina and I turned and saw a short girl with dark hair, cut in a pixie style walking over to us. Marina saw that the girl was holding the apple core in her hand and Marina quickly turned and glared at me, "Seriously Blake? I hasn't even been 5 minutes!" She hissed at me, but I just shrugged and turned back to the girl approaching us. "Can I help you?" I asked in a sickly sweet voice, giving her my best fake smile, "We are kind of in a hurry." The girl looked my sister and I up and down before stretching her hand that held the apple core out towards me, "You threw this in the back of my friend's truck by mistake." She said and gave me an annoyingly kind smile, "You should probably watch where you thrown things, someone could get hurt." I stared at her through my aviators for a couple of moments before I smirked, "Oh it wasn't a mistake. That old thing that you call a truck is basically a moving trash can already." I then turned around and began to walk away, "You should thank me, the sooner your friend realizes that the sooner that horrible eyesore will be gone." I walked away but I could still hear Marina apologizing for me, and then introducing herself to the girl. The girl then introduced herself as Alice Cullen. So Winnie has become Blake and is now pretty much a cold-hearted bitch. But don't worry like I said before, Winnie is still there, she is just buried deep deep deep down inside of Blake. I hoped you all enjoyed this first chapter! Let me know what you guys think in the comments/reviews and I would also love to hear about the prediction you guys have for Blake's future in Forks, along with Marina! Also don't forget to click on that Favorite/Follow button, it really helps me out a lot especially with a new story! Well that's all for now so until next time stay safe and fantastic! :)