slow or gentle. Sexy. "So fucking sexy," he mutters, voicing my thoughts. I die. Long, slow pushes and retreats. Fast, shallow thrusts. Sexy noises and declarations in my ear. His words and movements stoke a fire that pushes me higher and higher until I'm on the brink once again. I let myself fall, even as he murmurs against my cheek that he's coming, too. When he comes back down to me, he props himself up with his elbows supporting most of his weight. "You can let go," I whisper, drawing him in with my hands on his biceps. He relents and lowers his body over mine completely, resting his head on my chest as his breath slows and he grows soft inside me. He kisses my cheek softly. "Be right back," he says, rolling off of me and going to the bathroom to toss the condom. True to his word, he's back in a flash, lying next to me as I turn onto my side to face him. "Okay?" he asks, running his fingertips up and down my back, igniting a new spark at every vertebra he touches. "Perfect," I tell him, pressing a kiss to his chest. He chuckles lowly. "Yes, you are." My face burns, and I think he's going to tease me again, but instead he catches my lips with his and kisses me slowly, leaving me in complete and total awe of him. "Hey, Bella?" he asks later on as we lie together in the quiet darkness. "Hmm?" "Did I earn a second date?" I can hear the signature smirk in his voice before I even turn to look at him. "You're pretty proud of yourself, aren't you?" I ask, but I can't keep a grin off my face either. "Usually." "I think it's safe to say you've earned enough dates to last you a lifetime." His brilliant laugh resonates through my bedroom. "A lifetime, huh?" My heart jumps into my throat. "I…I didn't mean to—" "Relax," he says, even though I've just left the door wide open for his ego and his teasing. "It's okay. I know what you mean." I wonder if he really does know what I mean. I wasn't expecting to meet a friend in the form of an obnoxious guy with a slobbery dog all those months ago, and I certainly didn't expect that friend to become… this. Yes, I might have lusted after him while I watched him from my kitchen window, admiring the way his muscles twisted and pulled under the weight of a swinging hammer or a load of lumber, but I never imagined there would be so much depth to someone so enticing. My original conception of him was so far off the mark; he's smart and savvy and, yeah, cocky as hell, but he's also incredibly humble and kind. I'd like to think I've stirred similar thoughts in him, as well, but the reality is that I think he's just been waiting for me to catch up. My heart was guarded, and it took me a little longer, but I've finally figured it out. We work, the two of us, and there's no denying that this is right. "How long?" I ask, tracing invisible patterns over Edward's chest with one finger. His brows furrow, but his eyes are closed. "Huh?" "The first time you kissed me, you said you'd wanted to do it for a long time." "Bella," he says, giving a nervous chuckle and opening his eyes to fix me with a clear green gaze. "I'm not sure you even want to know." "Humor me." He draws in a deep breath through his nose and blows it out slowly. "Well, I think I told you it was when you showed up at the site with a bag of trash, searching for a manager…" I was right. He's never going to let me live that down. "But if I'm being really honest, I have to say that it was the very first time we met." I lift my head slightly to search for signs of sarcasm but find only amused truth in his eyes. I wince. "But I was sort of a…bitch to you that day." His laugh rumbles up through his chest as he kisses my temple. "Well, yeah, you sort of were. But I didn't make it easy on you. I wanted to kiss that arrogant glare right off your face." "Nice." "Hey, you asked," he says, turning on the smirk that I now find charming, not conceited or smug like I thought before. "How about you?" I shrug. "You grew on me." "Like a fungus?" He wrinkles his nose. "A really attractive fungus." "You're not so bad yourself." He laughs, but when his laughter fades and he remains silent, I realize it's a real answer he's searching for. After several moments of thoughtful consideration, my voice is soft and serious when I answer. "I wanted to kiss you after I realized you were much more than just a pretty face and a smart mouth." "Bella." He scoffs. "I'm not pretty . I'm rugged. And handsome." "You're all of that, yeah. But you're also talented. And intelligent. And kind." I say, punctuating each statement with a kiss. Then, less bold, I pause, my words slightly hesitant. "And…mine?" "All yours," he assures me, pulling me close for a deeper, slower kiss. My heart flutters at his declaration. Despite how hard I fought it, I can't deny how much sweeter my life is now that he's in it. I'm not sure how we got here, and I don't know how I got so lucky or how this all panned out. But one thing's for sure: I'm so glad it did. A/N: Thank you so much for reading! If you're interested, RachelFish and I will be expanding this one-shot, including missing scenes and then continuing their story. We'll be posting under a joint account and on our own profiles as well, so you shouldn't miss anything! :)