to write an entry and print them out. He kept them with him at all times, to keep his secrets hidden. Even from me. I came home today to find her crying. I can't keep doing this. I want to tell her why she isn't going to get a positive result on that damn test, but she won't remember. Last time I told her about her issue she ended up in a psych ward for six months, and she came out worse. I can't explain to her that I can't risk bringing a little monster into this world. I buy her whatever she wants because I know I can't give her the one thing she truly wants. I'm exhausted. Bella was at it again last night. She went to the neighbors' house and tried to break into their garage. She was babbling about taking the car this time. I talked her out of it, but what happens if next time I can't? I can't lose her. I just can't. She's everything to me. I fucking moved across the country with her when the police started questioning her involvement with the robberies going on in our last neighborhood. She's not well; no one will understand that. They will throw her back into that psych ward, and they can't. I have to protect her. I love her more than anything. It's worse than I thought. She went after one of her best friends. She kept saying something about her knowing too much when I asked her where she was. I should have known to come home early when that jackass pawn dealer, Jacob, called to tell me Bella asked for bad coke. She tried to kill her best friend. She's far more dangerous than I thought she was. Maybe it will be smarter to bring her back to the psych ward, or we could move again. Jacob is no help. That asshole. He loves that she comes to him with all her stolen goodies. He's making a great profit. He's decent enough to call me when things get too weird but won't stop accepting her stolen treasures. Asshole. They say it's not very common and that they don't know how successful treatment is. They told me she could get dangerous; she could do crazy things. Her other half isn't as sweet as her. Her other half is evil and lives to steal and prey on the weak. She's a manipulative bitch. Bella is nothing like her other personality; she isn't that person. When the Marie personality takes over, I still call her Bella because I think one day she can fight her dissociative identity disorder. I know she can. I just have to protect her. My hands shook at his words and everything started making sense to me. I remembered hearing that disorder somewhere, as if someone told it to me. Something about having more than one personality but not knowing about it. Almost like you were being taken over by this other you. I could remember flashes of past things, like seeing Jacob before. I knew I knew him from somewhere. But none of my flashes would fit together, and I would shrug them off as dreams or déjà vu. That explained why Edward didn't want me to have babies. What if it was passed on? It explained the stealing—it was me. He was trying to stop me. He knew my habits, and he tried to save me from myself. All those times he told me to trust him and his explanations, he never lied to me. He tried to save me. He loved me. I suddenly felt out of sync with my emotions. One minute the memory of my husband caused me to smile, and the next minute my heart plummeted to my stomach as I remembered about the garden. About Edward. A strong feeling of dread coursed through my veins as I ran out of the house, clad in only my pajamas, and rushed toward the garden, hoping with everything inside me that he was just passed out. But when I got there, he was nowhere to be found. What I did see, however, would haunt me forever. There, where the tree should have gone, was a filled-in hole, with the soil still fresh and raised, and the shovel sticking out of the top. I knew in my gut that Edward's body was buried in that hole. I threw up everything I had in my system. I knew I was the one who put him there. I did that, with the thing Edward was always trying to protect me from. My other personality. When Edward told me the storm wasn't coming, he really didn't lie. How could he have lied if the storm was already there, brewing deep inside me, just waiting to come out and wreak havoc on our life? That was the last thought I had before I took a drink of my own personal made poison. Staring at myself in the mirror, I knew this would end, finally. I didn't want to hurt anyone else. I didn't want to let Marie take over, and I didn't want to live without him. "I'm sorry," I whispered, looking up to the skies, hoping Edward knew how sincere I was. And then everything went black. The storm was gone. A/N: Okay I know in the contest some people asked me questions and maybe you guys have those same questions. I don't know anything about this topic, her split personality, other than what google has told me and previous Psych professors. So for the purpose of the story, I tweaked it to fit what needed to happen. I don't know if people with this get headaches, but Bella did. How did Edward get in the hole? Bella's tiny! In my mind Bella, Marie, dug the hole herself and then dragged his body into it. She didn't lift him lol. Go check out the other entries! Go, go, go, go, go!