I make myself clear, Mike?" "Crystal!" Mike mocked a salute. "I'm going to let that slide because I'm in a good mood, but if I ever see you up here again, I will book you for trespassing…" "Trespassing? This is my sister's place..." Mike snorted. "While there's a tenant, you are trespassing." "Now you're just making shit up." The fat man laughed. He found the sheriff too amusing. But Edward knew Mike was a coward at heart and all he had to do was show a little force. "Try me, wise guy!" Edward bared his teeth. Mike was an asshole but he got the message. "All right! I'm leaving! Just don't call me if a pipe bursts!" With that he got on his bike and sped downhill. "Fucker!" Edward cursed under his breath. He went round the car and tried her door, it was open and he held it as she exited the car. "I thought I told you to lock the doors..." He sighed and shook his head. "Sorry... I... Was too scared to move..." She whispered. Her foot caught on a rock and she stumbled, bracing herself for the fall, then tensed as she felt his hands on her back keeping her up, touching her through the fabric just were her injury was still tender. She flinched and shied away, grabbing the hood of the car for support. She gasped for air, she felt like she was drowning. "Are you ok?" He took a step toward her and leaned in to look at her face, her breathing was erratic, her eyes unfocused. "Breathe in slowly, through your nose... That's it..." His voice was soft. "Breathe out through your mouth... Slowly... Slow..." She closed her eyes for a minute, he was too close, a strange energy seemed to flow from him, into her. She grabbed his arm to still the pain and felt his free hand cover hers. "You're doing fine. You're safe... Open your eyes..." He coaxed. "C'mon... Open your eyes, you're safe... I got you, honey... I got you." Her eyes focused on the green ones looking back at her. His face was distorted into a worried expression. She gasped for another breath and he moved back, giving her space and releasing her. She was still grabbing the hood of the car. "Sssorry.." She straightened her back. "Just... Panic attack..." She tried smiling and failed miserably. Edward offered his hand and motioned his head towards the house. "Let me help you get inside..." He pulled her off the hood of the truck, Bella stumbled again and fell against his chest. It was like hitting a rock wall, underneath his uniform, he was rock solid. His arms instinctively held her waist. Inside his brain was slowly turning to sand and he couldn't understand why. Sure, the girl was cute but she was tiny and pale and frail. He felt that if he shook her, she might shatter. Her nerves were on edge which made all his cop instincts awake with a vengeance. Underneath all her skittishness, she was beautiful, and his body was beginning to react to it. And her scent... Peaches, it had been slowly driving him mad ever since she had gotten into his truck. "Are you ok?" He took a step back, letting his arms fall to his sides. "I'm just dizzy, sorry... Can you help me inside, there's some medicine I need to take." She grabbed his arm for support. She hadn't planned on making any friends in this town, but Sheriff Cullen made her feel safe. And she desperately needed to feel safe and normal. She wondered if he was just being solicitous due to his sense of duty, but she would take even that kindness from a stranger. She watched him hesitate as if having a discussion on the merits of actually entering her house. "I do make a nice cup of tea, Sheriff Cullen." She straightened her ponytail and smiled, her nerves causing her to bite her lower lip. "I do believe I'll have to take a rain check on that, I have to get back to town." He frowned and put his shades back on. He needed to get away from this girl, from her perfume, from her lost brown eyes... His hands wanted to feel her waist again. He cursed under his breath again. He helped her to the door but didn't go in, instead he went back to the truck, got her two bags and placed them on the doorstep. He was about to turn away when he saw her face. She was on the verge of tears. Had he been too rude? His brain was cursing at him. See, you made her cry, you moron! He reached into his front pocket and pulled out one of his business cards. "I'm on duty, I really have to get back... But if Mike comes back, give me a call, my cell's on there." His fingertips brushed hers as he gave her the card. A jolt of electricity flew between them. She didn't say anything and just nodded. Her sad eyes hid nothing from him, his heart broke a little realising he had hurt her. "Thank you!" She stammered as he made his way to the car. It was all she could say as a sob was slowly building in her throat. She wanted to snap out of it but for some reason every fibre of her being wanted to hold on to his arms a bit longer. She shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts. Maybe she was missing comforts again. The comfort of having a friend, someone to talk to. "Snap out of it! People like you don't have friends!" She said to the air after she had locked the door behind her. She put her supplies away, sat on the couch and stared out the window to the green landscape outside, all she could think about was Edward's green eyes... She fell asleep thinking about them.