in the arts of giving head, mading sure I knew how to it when the time came and I will make them proud. I couldn't help but being a little smug when HE was losing control because of the blowjob I was giving him. He put both hands in my hair and began fucking my face and I loved it. I took him deep in my throat and swallowed and "MOTHER FUCKING..HOLY FUCKING..SHIIIIIT!" He yelled as he came so hard holding my head and thrusting very deep while spilling his seeds deep down my throat. "Fuck Bella," He tried to catch his breath. "No gag reflex? That was phenomenal". Looking up at him as he helps me off my knees, I had to ask. "So I did it right then? Surely I did something wrong because he was just staring at me. I wanted to cry, but not in front of him. He must have realised that he hadn't answered me yet, and snapped out of whatever daze he was in. "Angel... that was the best head I have ever received...so I'd say hell yeah you did that right." He bent down slightly and gave me a kiss. "It's a good thing no one comes in here this early huh?" I had to laugh at his comment because we would have been in so much trouble if..."Wait a minute...how did you get in here I didn't unlock the doors yet?" " My mother runs this place, she gave me the key and told me to check out the book I need with her assistant. I called her this morning when I realized I needed it for today." I couldn't stop looking at his juicy lips. He looked at his watch "Look Bella, sorry for my display earlier. I can't seem to help myself around you, it's like I need to be inside you all the time. I feel out of control when I'm with you, but in a very good way. I'm usually not such a maniac during sex, but you bring out of me. Thankfully you seem to enjoy it just as much as I do. You are so responsive to me. It's as if you were made for me, and I'm not willing to let you just walk away from what could be a very good thing. Even now as we speak I have the urge to sit you on that desk and fuck you again, my dick is so hard. I've never felt that way about anyone, it's a constant need. I can't seem to get you out of my head. I would really like to take you out on a date, get to know you and see where we're headed. "Edward I'm not sure that's such a good Idea. I have the same feelings for you too, I really do want you so much, but it's complicated. It would never work." My heart was breaking at the thought of not being with him again. The thought made my stomach sick. "Look... I have to leave and I really can't be late today, here's my number Angel please call me so we could arrange something. Please call me Bella, I know where you work now and I'll ask my mother for your schedule if you don't." With one last kiss he ran out leaving me stunned and staring after him. Needless to say, I went through my school day like a total zombie with people asking me if I was ok. "I'm just not feeling well Angela, my stomach is in knots, and my head hurts. I just have some things on my mind and I don't know how to deal with them. thank you for your concern though." Angela has always been someone I could talk to if I needed to. She wasn't your average gossipy teenage girl. "If you feel like you want to talk about it, I am here to lend an ear Bella. Let's hurry up and get to class before Mr. Banner closes the door. I don't want detention today." We make it to class just before the bell rings and take our seats. Thankfully Mr. Banner isn't here yet so I am able to rummage through my bag without "disturbing the class" as he points out every time. I pull out my pen and notebook I start to write a letter to tell Edward I can't see him anymore no matter how much the sound of that makes me sick. I was too enthralled in my letter to even acknowledge Mr. Banner when he began to write on the board. Dear Edward, I know we shared a few very special... "Good afternoon class , Unfortunately, Mr. Banner won't teaching this class for the rest of the school year as he will be having surgery. We were fortunate enough to get someone to teach in his place on such short notice. I would like to introduce you to your new Biology teacher Mr. Mason. I trust you will all behave and welcome Mr. Mason to Madison High School." Mrs. Cope leaves the room after her speech and the new teacher writes something on the board. I'm too busy writing my letter to pay attention to them, I do have my priorities and Edward is one, so I continue. ...moments and I am very happy I had the pleasure of you being in my life for even the shortest time. The feeling of having you inside me filling me so completely wa... "Okay guys I don't want to hear any of that Mr. Mason crap, please call me Edward. I'll tell you a little about myself and then I'd like you all to follow suit when I call your names from the attendance list." I snap my head up when finally I hear that beautiful voice and that's when he sees me. Fuck me. I will post another chapter depending on the feedback. I hope you enjoyed the story. Thank you for reading.