Good day to you Keira. Oh and by the way, I'm Japanese." Nozomi spoke before grabbing her bag and walking passed them as she opened her parasol. She heard the whispers of the student body already and she shook it off, she didn't care. She found herself walking passed Jacob again as well. He gave her a smile and she blushed, ducking down into her books. He was really handsome, and cue her heart racing again. Nozomi actually enjoyed her first day of classes. They had gone on without a hitch and it made the little Japanese girl happy. She smiled to herself before walking down a dirt road to the edge of the forest. The forest air was quite enjoyable. Looking around at all the people whom had left she made a beeline for the forest. She didn't want people to start their talk of her again. She shook her head when she made her way back to her tent and unzipped it. It was good to be home, well kinda. "Mom...I'm back." She picked up a frame with a woman who had white hair and red eyes. Her mother had been albino, but she was so sweet. A year ago she was killed in a car accident that claimed her life on the spot. It was the reason why she didn't have a place to stay at the moment. The young girl planned to get another job soon so she could help out a bit more, especially at the dojo. Her boss paid her but sometimes the jobs came so far and few in between that it wasn't enough all the time. Being a Ninja didn't always pay the bills. Night fell quickly as she began her homework. She read over the words and began to place them into sentences. Ostentatious . The female showed her ostentatious ways when— She had been working on it for a while before the ringing started. 'Agent Nozomi.' She stilled, it was her boss. Her boss was a very stern man with a wife and a few children. "Yes sir?" She had met him once when she was child but it was a fuzzy memory. "There has been word of some type of creature roaming around the area, I need you to scout the area and eliminate it." 'Of course sir.' She spoke softly into the air. She knew he heard her. She furrowed her brow and pulled a suit from a bag. Sliding on the body suit that formed to her figure, she laced up her thigh high boots and tied the blood red sash around her hips. The suit was in the form of shorts instead of her standard pants suit. Narrowing her eyes, she slid on her face mask and tied that black bow into her hair. She opened a box before pulling out her blades and giving them a small smile. Sliding her tanto's on her thighs and took off out the tent. =w= Jacobs mind was wandering on that new girl. Nozomi. She was a mystery, a new student from Japan. In such an interesting country why would she want to come to La push? There was almost nothing here especially for a girl like that. A small sigh left his lips and her cocked and eyebrow at the sandwich he was eating. "Jake, Sam called, he said you're on patrol tonight?" An elderly man spoke wheeling into the living room. He regarded Billy with a smile before nodding/ "Yeah. I'm going right now. I'll see you later Dad." "Be safe Jake." Jake took off into the forest before phasing. He shook himself off and stretched, before chuckling inwardly. Nozomi, she was tip-toeing through his mind all day. He loved looking at her. She was beautiful, her eyes, were red like blood and her hair looked so silky to the touch. He wanted to run his fingers through it. Keep her close to him. He wanted her all to himself. 'Yo Jake! Heard the news.' Embry teased with a smirk. 'Shut up.' Jake growled before shaking his head. It was dark out and his senses were heightened and thus, he heard something off into the distance. ' Hear that ?' Leah asked looking around. ' Yeah. ' Jake nodded before shooting off after the scent. Nozomi was running on her toes before she dove behind a large tree. She was on a suicide mission as usual, new born vampires running a muck in La Push, and ones called spirit warriors would probably have a conniption. Nozomi didn't understand why her boss didn't just tell her that she was hunting newborns. It would have made her choices for weapons much easier. She would have chosen the sharper tanto blades. She encountered a few newborn's before she slammed her blade into them without remorse. One attempted to grab her and she pushed off the ground before ramming her blade into its face and pulling upward, as it fell to the ground. She rolled out of the way before her hands moved and she threw a few flash kunai. They landed in each one of their chests before she jumped back and watched them explode. The small fighter has been very aware of the supernatural ever since she had preformed her first ninpo at the age of 7. She knew that humans and the supernatural were intertwined and she was destined to pick a side. But. She never did. She was a ninja. Not a monster, or a human. She was a murderer; murderers were not human. She shook her head of the thoughts and sprung on her feet before pulling out two kunai's and climbing the tree to get to the top. She looked around and she knew the wolves were hot on her trail but, for what reason? They hunted the same things. Would they kill her for being on their lands? Would they kill her for hunting their prey? That would be super rude if they did.