to free one of my hands and wipe the tear tracks from her cheeks. When they are gone, I pick her up and, walking over to the sink, sit her on the counter. Bending down, I then grab her a pack of tissues from the cabinet underneath. Standing between her legs, I try not to stare as she dabs one along the underside of her chin and cleans her nose. She keeps her eyes focused on my thumbs as they brush over her knee caps. It's only when she continues talking that I look up again. "And then there are things like this, you know. Moments like these." "B, I—" "No, wait, let me say this, please. We're both affectionate people; touching, hugging, kissing. It always came naturally for us, didn't it?" As to emphasize her point, she lets her fingertips trail along the back of my hands. "I always loved that there was never much of distance between us, but in a way, it also made it harder. "I'll never hold this against you or say you did it on purpose, Edward, but you also give me hope. I don't know if you even realize that you do it, but you treat me differently than you treat others. You always seem extra attentive, extra sweet, extra gentle with me… All the little things that you do. Hell, all of what you did today! But most of all, it's the way you look at me. There's always so much affection in your eyes… Maybe it's pretentious of me to ever have thought that, but it makes me feel special." "You are very special to me, Sweet B." I thought at least that much was clear. The tips of her fingers trail up higher along my arms. "And you call me Sweet B." "I do." I can't even remember how or when I started to call her that, but I recollect the bright smile she rewarded me with whenever I did. It was incentive enough for me to use it again and again. "And the other evening you called me baby. Twice. It's awful that I noticed that and even more so that I just told you about it. I just…" I lean in closer hanging onto every word that falls from her lips. "What?" "I don't want anything to change between us. But at the same, as long as there's the hint of a chance that you feel more for me as well, I feel like I should know." Resting the palms against my neck, her hands cease their movement. "What? Tell me." "If you do, then I want us to try to be more." I can see myself telling her that I need time to think and figure my feeling for her out. It's a lot to take in after all. But I don't. I don't have to because I already know. Well, maybe not know exactly, but I have a pretty good idea of what it is that's causing my heart to beat so fast still. It's her. Sweet B. It's her right this moment, sitting there and wearing my clothes. It's in the look in her eyes as she studies mine and the way she caresses my skin. It's in all the other times before, too. The laughter, the hand-holding, the teasing, her pinching, feeling her body snuggled into mine, the talking, the nesting, the listening,... All of it. And always her. The way she looks in all of these moments, I have it memorized. She's beautiful. That part I knew all along, but if, deep down, my feeling for her had changed a while ago as well, but I never acknowledged them. Or I couldn't identify them for what they were. I think it's established by now that I am very dense. It could be… Fuck it. I'm done thinking things through. And so I cup her face in my hands and kiss her. But it's not just a peck, and it lasts longer than a mere second. It's...sweet. Yeah. A sweet, gentle, lingering kiss. A good one; the kind that makes you smile against the lips you just tasted. "What are you doing?" "This is me, trying." My lips brush against hers as I speak. "I do, Sweet B, and I— I really want this, too." For a while, she doesn't say anything. She just sits there and studies my face, searching my eyes for the last grain of affirmation she needs to see that I'm sincere. Her mouth is still so close. I'm absorbing her every breath and make it my own. Finally, her lips slowly stretch into a breathtaking smile. "You mean it." I want to tell her that I'd been such an idiot and reassure her again and again that I get it now, but all I can do is nod and grin in return. "Good." Her lips brush against mine then, and I have to reclaim them. Now that I know what they taste like and how they feel moving against my own, I can't seem to get enough. To think that I could have had this all for a while, had I just opened my eyes… I really am as thick as a brick. Soo, that was my entry for the Friends to Lovers Contest. :) I had so much fun writing this little piece, and participating in the contest was a great experience. If you want to find out more about the contest, the hosts, the other participants and their great stories, winners, banners, etc, go check out this blog: friendstoloverscontest dot tumblr dot com I'd like to thank my lovely betas for cleaning up after me and my typo-prone and grammar despising self. :) . As for Sweet B and Edward... I feel like there is room for a little bit more of their story, but I can't exactly say yet when that could happen. Hopefully, soon. :) Thanks so much for reading. I hope you enjoyed it.