Are they a threat?" "Well they are the new and improved voltury we've heard so much about." Maya said. Kyrie gasped. "You're lying." She said. "No lies, Aura saw the leader Aro herself." "Well then I'm going." Kyrie said. "No you're not, you're only sixteen." I said. "I've been physically eighteen for nine years Aura." "Like I care, you're still my younger sister and I'm not letting you near those creeps." "I would like to see you try and stop me, this is my home too and my family, I won't hide when I'm fully capable of protecting them." She said looking straight into my eyes. "Let her go Aura, she can handle herself, she used to train with Emmett and I." Maya said. "We're not attacking them! It's just a strategy meeting, we need to get a patrol roster because Edward wants to expand the patrol route. You don't need to patrol." I said. "If he's expanding the route you're going to need as many people as you can get, you don't have that many wolves." She said crossing her arms. "We're expecting more, now that there are even more vampires, we're bound to have new wolves soon." I shrugged. "You would have to train them to control the shifting. You're running out of excuses, I'm going." She said then walked up the stairs to her room, her stilettos clicking, as they always do, on the floor. "Thanks a lot Maya!" I said angrily hitting her arm. "We need more people and she can handle herself." She said simply. "You're a terrible friend." I said crossing my arms and going to the living room. "It's why you love me!" She laughed. "So tonight will be Rayleigh, Henry and Kyrie around the town, Keenan and Maya will take the reservation, Emmett, Jasper, Elijah and Edward will take the mountains. Shifts switch at twelve. Ellery and Nick will take the reservation, Dean, Victor the town, Bella, Edward, Alice and I the mountains. Those will be till four am." I finished. "Sounds good." "Keenan you'll have to watch for new wolves tonight, you know what to do right?" I said. "Yep, I have to calm them down and explain." He said. "So we're starting right now." I said getting up, dusting my jeans off and stretching. I went back home, I let Kyrie take the first shift so we could alternate looking after Leigh, Anthony and Mason. I paused and narrowed my eyes at the bushes. "You three come out right now!" I yelled. They were really bad spys, especially if their spying on mythical creatures. "What gave us away?" Anthony whined. "Please, I heard you when you got here, you're not the most quiet person. You were really clumsy, kicking rocks and moving the branches." I rolled my eyes. "I told you not to touch anything!" Leigh said hitting him over the head. "You should have told them to stay at home! Its way too dangerous to be out right now." I said. "Well I like being updated." She shrugged. "I would have told you when I got home." "No you wouldn't.?" She raised her eyebrows. She was right. "You're too young to worry about this, please just stay away from the tribe meetings." I said. "Fine, fine." She shrugged, I could see she was lying. "I will lock you in a titanium cell one of these days." I rolled my eyes and started pushing them in the direction of the house. "Wait here." I said when we got to the trees." I went into the trees, shifted, took my clothes in my mouth and went back to them. I gave my clothes to Leigh and bent down so they could climb on. We got home fairly quickly, about three minutes. When Anthony and Mason hopped off, they were dizzy. "That was awesome!" Anthony exclaimed, he was walking skew. "Maybe you shouldn't have ran so fast." Leigh said hopping off me too. She put my clothes down and went to help Mason and Anthony into the house. I gave a kind of wolf laugh, more like a grunt then shifted back. I decided to spend the four hours I had till my shift by doing what I really needed to do. Sleep. "Aura, come on, you told me to wake you half an hour before your shift." Leigh said shaking me awake. "Can you make me coffee?" I asked rolling over to face her. "Sure." She said and left. It took a lot of will power to not fall asleep again and get up. When I got downstairs, the house was quiet and only a few lights were on. "Anth and Mason asleep?" I asked taking the cup Leigh handed me. "Yeah, they went to bed around ten." She said. "What were you doing all the time?" "Playing video games." She shrugged. "You're just one of the guys, add some glasses when you go to school and you'll be a nerd every guy would wanna date." I laughed. "I'm so glad I can finally go, just a few more months." She clapped her hands. "Have you heard back from any of the universities yet?" "I haven't applied to any, I'm taking a gap year. I'll start next year, not like I'm running out of time." "What about law, or environmental studies?" "Let's not discuss my future right now, how about you tell me what the deal is with you and Mason? Why did you tear up earlier?" "You saw that." She sighed. "Yeah and I want to know what happened." "Its really personal I don't feel like talking about it." She said softly and looking down at her feet. "Come on Leigh." "I don't want to talk about it!" She shouted and stormed out of the back door. "Leigh!" I said rushing after her. When I got to the back door I saw a cloud of material falling onto the grass, she phased and she was running straight for the mountains.