still make me smile. I tore my eyes away from my mate to focus on Aro who was smiling indulgently at me. I didn't bother to glance at the other two kings; I knew they would both be masking their true emotions with so many vampires in the room who weren't part of their trusted inner circle. I strode confidently into the center of the room and bowed my head briefly. "Masters, the Cullens have all arrived in the city. They should be here soon," I stated blandly. Aro grinned, "Thank you, Bella dear. Is everything prepared for them?" "Of course," I said with a mischievous smirk. Aro pursed his lips, but didn't comment on the look. Instead, he calmly walked down the steps to me, holding out his hand. During my training after I had agreed to join the Volturi, I had learned that I was able to lift my mental shield and Aro took great pleasure in finally being able to see my mind at every opportunity. I didn't hesitate to raise my shield and place my hand in his, knowing he would see the surprise I had left in Edward's guest room. I hadn't seen him in over a decade, but I still hadn't forgiven him for trying to kill Jane after I announced that I wouldn't be leaving Volterra with him and his family after I'd been turned. So, I took great joy in torturing him whenever I was forced to see him. Aro released my hand with a chuckle and he only sounded amused as he asked, "Bella dear, are you ever going to stop tormenting the poor boy?" My eyes involuntarily flicked over to Jane, who had a sadistic smirk on her face. She had never forgiven Edward for the way he'd treated me both before and after the change and she loved the many ways I found to get back at him. I looked back at Aro and unashamedly said, "Not unless you decide to let me kill him, Master." He shook his head and sighed, "You know I won't do that unless I have no choice, Bella. Go take your place, dear one." "Yes, Master," I said, immediately moving to Jane's side. She smirked at me and I shrugged before we both turned towards the doors, our faces falling into the impassive masks that were expected. When the doors leading into the room opened, I pushed my shield out to blanket the entire dais, protecting the kings, Jane, Alec and myself from the abilities of the incoming vampires. As they came in, each of the Cullens glanced first at me before looking at Aro and I wanted to roll my eyes. Even after a century they still thought they could convince me to leave Jane and join their never-ending quest for high school diplomas. When I had the time, I did still make a point in visiting with Alice, Jasper, Esme and Emmett, but only if I could get them away from Carlisle, Edward and Rosalie. The latter three never missed an opportunity to try and convince me that I was making a mistake in staying with the Volturi. But I'd never had any regrets. I liked my life. I didn't have to hide who and what I was unless I needed to go shopping. I enjoyed the work I did for the kings. I respected them and they respected me, especially when they realized that the combination of mine and Jane's talents made us an unstoppable force on a battlefield. And while I didn't have a large vampire family, I did have Jane and Alec and they were enough of a family for me. As Carlisle spoke with Aro, I noticed Edward frowning and had to fight back a grin. I knew he was trying to read Aro's mind and didn't like that he was being thwarted by my gift. I saw the moment when he realized that I was the reason he was being blocked and didn't stop myself from smirking at him when he turned angry, accusing eyes on me. The look quickly dissolved into an expression full of possessive longing that I had seen far too often over the years. I lifted an eyebrow and pulled my shield away from Jane. Edward's gaze shifted to her and darkened. I glanced at her and noticed the devilish twinkle in her eyes and smirked. That one look told me that she was loudly thinking about one of the numerous times we had made love. She turned to me and I winked before wrapping my shield back around her. Edward immediately began brooding over whatever he saw in her mind and I allowed myself one small smirk before turning my attention back to my job. Once the pleasantries of the meeting had ended and we were released from the throne room. Jane and I led the Cullens to their guest rooms. After hugs and promises to catch up later, they finally entered their rooms, leaving Jane and I alone together and several hours without obligations. I grinned at her and we waited outside Edward's door. It took him 30 seconds to find his surprise. He let out a furious roar and I started laughing. Jane finally dropped her cold demeanor and chuckled, "Ti amo, mio bel tesoro." "I love you too, my darling Jane," I said before pulling her in for a deep passionate kiss. Fin Translations: Tesero- treasure Mi fate onore. Ti amerò per sempre- You honor me. I will love you forever. Prego non mi lasciare. Non posso vivere senza di te- Please never leave me. I can't live without you. Questo ѐ ridicolo. Sono così stupido. Perchѐ faccio questo a me stesso? Lei non avrebbe mai potuto amarmi, lo sono un mostro sadico- This is ridiculous. I am so stupid. Why do I do this to myself? She could never love me, I am a sadistic monster. Ti amo, mio bel tesoro- I love you, my beautiful treasure.