I wouldn't have my wife. Bella, Alice and Rosalie opened up a boutique, and Bella got do what she was passionate about, designing clothes. It made her happy and they were doing fairly well for just starting out. We had agreed that we would renew our vows, and this time it would include rings and the perfect dress. We were waiting for our five year wedding anniversary for that. Bella didn't want to be pregnant for it and we both agreed that we wanted to start trying as soon as possible. And what better place to start trying than on our second wedding anniversary? I had felt bad about not being able to afford a honeymoon, so I had saved up to take Bella somewhere nice. She was so surprised when I told her we were going on a cruise for our two year anniversary. She was even more surprised when we opened our stateroom and there were pink rose petals all over the bed in the shape of a heart. "Oh, Edward," she said, her emotions shinning in her eyes. "I love you, Bella," I said as I scooped her up and carried her to the bed. Her eyes held mine as I set her down and watched as her hand went for the strap of her sun dress. Her eyes held love and hunger as she started undressing for me. "I love you too," she whispered as she got her dress off and left me to my favorite part. My hands went for her bra, and I pushed down the cups so her peaks were on full display and attached my mouth to her soft skin. I swirled my tongue around her, and she moaned as she grabbed my hair. I knew how to get her going and was very happy to find her panties already wet as I traced her slit with my finger. My mouth didn't stop its attention on her breasts as I slid a finger under her underwear and pressed myself inside her. She groaned as I searched for her favorite spot and was rewarded with a loud gasp as soon as I found it. I didn't slow down until I felt her tense around me and watched her silent scream as she came undone. Once she had floated back to Earth, her glassy eyes set on mine and she smiled. "Clothes off, Mr. Cullen." Her voice was husky and low, making my dick twitch. "Of course, Mrs. Cullen." I wasted no time in following her demand and I finished taking her clothes off too. I let my eyes consume her and I held back a groan. "You are the most beautiful person I have ever seen." She smiled at me and then pulled me down on top of her. "You aren't too bad yourself, Edward," she said as she kissed my ear. I felt my stomach jump, and I knew I couldn't wait that long. Thankfully, we were on the same page. "I want you." That was all I needed. I lined myself up with her and then set my eyes on her face. She looked so happy, and that in turn made my heart swell. "I love you," I said as I pushed into her warm heat. "I love you too," She moaned as I pushed myself all the way in. I loved this connection. Feeling her wrapped around me in such an intimate way was something I would never get tired of. She groaned in my ear as she pushed my body down against hers, almost as if she wanted me to consume her. I didn't complain. "You feel so good," I panted as I thrusted as far as I could inside of her. "Oh yeah?" she taunted. "Yeah," I said with a harder thrust, emphasizing my point. Her eyes rolled as she arched her back, pushing her tits against my chest. I pulled myself back so I could handle them in my hands. I rolled her nipple between my fingers as I continued on with my relentless movements. Her skin flushed with pleasure as she clawed at the sheets. "Oh please, please." she chanted, her eyes closed as she embraced our connection. But I knew what she wanted, and with the tightening feeling in my balls, I knew I had to give it to her soon. My hand left her breast and traveled down to her clit, applying just the right amount of pressure on it. She cried out my name and I knew she was close. I started rubbing in the same rhythm as my thrusts. It didn't take long until she clenched herself around me, screaming out in pleasure. I felt myself getting there and my motions became erratic as I tried to meet the finish line. One look at her bouncing breasts did it for me, and I felt the release I was working toward. The tingling sensation from my orgasm covered my whole body as I wrapped myself around her. Her hands played with my hair as I tried to even out my breathing. "That was good! Now I know why Rose was so enamored with Jack. It's cruise sex." She giggled. "Well lucky for us, we have seven full days where we can have cruise sex whenever we want." I kissed her cheek smiled. "Silly Edward, I can have cruise sex with you more than seven days. We have the rest of our lives to go on cruises and have as much cruise sex as we can." I smiled at her and nodded. "But of course." She gave me a shy smile. "So, when will you be ready to go again?" We spent our vacation embracing the joys of what Bella deemed "cruise sex." We didn't get the full benefit of it until nine months later when we welcomed Jack Dawson Cullen into the world. And just like we taught ourselves, we taught him to never let go of the things most important to him.