her let go to say goodbye to her father and his friend. You are not going in with him?" Bella panicked, she didn't want to think of him being with strangers. "We thought Charlie would rather we made sure you were ok." Carlisle explained. "I don't want him to be alone." Bella shook her hair as she frantically looked around at the Cullen's gathered around her. "I will be honoured to stay with him Birdie." Emmett stood beside Bella, kissed her forehead and walked back to stand beside the Chief again. "Thank you." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as she tried to gather the last piece of courage and strength she processed. It seemed as if everyone stood back to offer he as much privacy as they could. Bella held her palm to her father's cheek. He was still warm to touch, she could pretend she couldn't hear the machines keeping his body maintained, and almost imagine he was still with her. She was the young girl sitting on his bed, waiting for him to wake up, as he pretended to be asleep. She spoke the words she needed to say under her breath, her heart believing that her Dad would hear them as his spirit stood beside her. Edward watched, his heart breaking as his beloved Bella whispered pledges to love her father forever, and to hold him in her heart for all her days and more. "Tell Mom, I love her... give her a hug from me." She said softly. Bella opened her eyes and lowered her head to give her father one last kiss to his cheek. She was sure she felt his moustache twitch against her skin. She stood tall and clearly said her last goodbye. "I love you Daddy, stay safe." She swore she could hear him as he repeated the words he always said to his only child. "Love you Birdie, to the moon and back." Emmett kept his word and stayed with Charlie throughout the whole procedure. The rest of the Cullen clan stayed with Bella, who sat outside the operating theatres until Emmett came out and said it was completed. The whole team from the funeral home came in all their finery and collected Charlie's remains, and a police escort drove in front of the hearse with lights flashing and the sirens switched off. The whole town it seemed lined the streets, heads bowed in respect from the man who had spent so many years keeping them safe. He was a hero to so many, even now he was dead. He would forever belong in their hearts. "What happens now?" Bella asked Carlisle. "We go home and then we prepare for Charlie's funeral." He replied. "I can't go home...I can't go back there..." Bella looked at Edward. "Come home with me Baby." Edward suggested. Bella nodded and allowed Edward to guide her out to his car, before they sat together on the back seat as Emmett drove them to Edward's house. Preparations were made, and the long process grieving truly began. Bella never returned to the Chiefs house to stay again. In the weeks that followed The Cullen's helped her pack up the house ad she made her home with Edward. Friends and neighbours helped sort out the Police house make it ready as Charlie's deputy Mark stepped up and became the new Chief of Police. Bella stood beside him as he proudly received his new rank and title in front of the people of Forks. She was proud to be asked and stood representing her Father in this solemn moment. He thanked Charlie Swan for helping him become the man he was today and told him that his town would never forget him. Life went on, and Bella learned to live without her father by her side. She sat at home, opening the mail and last in the pile was a thank you letter from the Donor co-ordinator that Alice had passed Charlie's care onto. She was asking if Bella would like to receive letters from the recipient's and their families, if so to let Alice know or to contact her at the number on the letter. Bella picked up her phone and dialled Alice, asking her advice. After talking it through with her dear friend, she decided she did want to read the letters. Alice brought them home from work that night. Edward lay on the sofa behind Bella as she read the letters, his arms as always keeping her safe. The wedding ring Charlie had once worn was now on his left ring finger. Bella had not wanted to wait, stating life was too short, so they had exchanged vows and rings just a few weeks previously. Bella cried tears of sorrow and then of joy as each person thanked her for allowing Charlie to gift them life. The last letter she picked up was written in a child's best handwriting. She started to read aloud but quickly began sobbing as she recognised the author. Thank you very much for helping me get better. My liver was poorly and I needed a new one. I will take such good care of the bit of one that you gifted to me. My Mummy and Daddy are happy now I am home and not poorly at the Hospital any more. I asked Santa to make them happy and he did. He also gave my sister a Dolly and my brothers a DVD and a ball. I will not ask Santa for anything this year, as he was so kind to me last year. I hope you get what you want from Santa. With lots of love. MN. xx Aged 7 A/N. As you may know, my beloved Mum died last year, and a few months later as I struggled to pick up the pieces, my Beloved Daddy took poorly and died too. I take comfort that they are together again. It has been a hard year. xxx