now empty reception desk. "I can't." She shook her head sadly. "I have plans for this evening, and it's too late to cancel." "Then owe me dinner?" I asked not too afraid to beg. No way was I letting her go now I had found her. "What about Jake?" She looked down at her faithful friend and then back up at me smiling and looking so sweet. "He can come on the next date," I bargained. "No, silly, I mean what do I owe you for his treatment today," she chuckled. "Nothing…this is on the house." I laughed and pushed her purse back into the bag she was balancing on her arm. Jake mumbled some sort of doggy noise and patted my leg with his huge paw. "You are welcome, young man." I said to him, patting his head and avoiding the area Vicky had savaged. "Stay away from cats, you hear me?" I advised. He made some sort of reply and I swear to you he grinned at me and looked back at Bella with pure adoration. I knew how he felt; I was smitten with her too. We swapped phone numbers and made plans to meet for dinner soon. With a heavy heart I watched her drive away, Jake in the back of the car, his face raised up as he howled and swiped his tongue on the inside of rear window. There was nothing else for it, after locking up the surgery I slowly walked the short distance to my house and prepared to meet my sister and the rest of the gang for drinks. Alice and Rose it seemed were already a few cocktails into their weekend by the time I arrived, so I gathered a half pint of ale and the menu while they chatted away about who knows what. A text chimed on someone's mobile phone and they announced as I placed my order with the waitress that whoever they were waiting on was on her way. It didn't matter who they were now trying to set me up with, I had Bella's number and a promise to meet up soon. Nothing was going to persuade me that Alice's friend was going to be anything more than Alice's friend to me. I had made my mind up. "Oh here she is!" Alice exclaimed and wobbled as she stood up to greet the person she had been waiting on; I stood up and looked around just as I heard my dream girl speak again. "So sorry to have kept you waiting Alice, Jake had a fight with a bloody awful cat, but wait till I tell you; I finally got to speak to that absolutely gorgeous man I have been going on about for weeks while at the vets…." I grinned as she came to a sudden halt before me, her face bright red in a combination of rushing about and embarrassment at her garbled admission at meeting me. I couldn't take any more, I stepped forward and pulled her into my arms and as her arms wrapped round my neck I whispered something about my gorgeous girl before finally meeting her lips with mine. Alice and Rose just stood there, stunned at the turn of events. Jasper started laughing and Emmett hollered about what was going on as he walked back to see Bella and I locked together in the best first kiss in history! That was eight months ago now. Bella and I had fallen head over heels. My mother never let me forget that she knew Bella was the girl I was meant to be with when she first started trying to set us up when Alice introduced her to the family at the brunch I had missed. And Miss Emily was just head over heels about her Aunty Be-be who made the best cookies and served them with cold milk. New music began to play and everyone stood up as it started and I went to turn round, but Emmett and Jasper both stepped forward and told me to wait. It took forever for first Alice then Rose to appear opposite us so we could stand wait again. I heard folk chuckle and sigh as Miss Emily appeared next, throwing white rose petals here there and everywhere. Her mother just laughed as Emily bent down to pick one up to hand deliver to her Pops. My Dad thanked her and then persuaded her to carry on over to see her Mama. The music changed again. Time honoured traditional music, announced the arrival of my Venus, my nymph, my mermaid and beloved. Eventually I turned to see her walk at last towards me as she held on nervously to her Dad's arm. I tore my eyes from her and looked to the man who was entrusting me with his only child's heart. He muttered something to her, she nodded and he told me to love her more than he did. "I will Charlie, I do." "That's the line you need in a bit, Son," he laughed. It was only then did Bella look up and we stared into each other's eyes. I stepped forward and held her hand as she offered her flowers to Alice standing beside her, without looking away from me at all. I guided her carefully on the last few steps towards the altar and then slowly lifted the veil from her beautiful face. "I am sorry to have kept you waiting, my Love," she whispered. "I would wait for you forever, my Darling girl," I replied, leaning down to kiss her forehead, not letting my lips linger for as long as I would have liked and sighing before looking back into her eyes again. Hands held again, we turned to face the minister and began the vows that would bind us forever. (End note. I am working on my previous unfinished stories again. Hope to see you soon, please review and let me know you were here xx)