even cry." "Oh, Bella." Rose leads me to the couch and draws me into her arms, which only makes me feel worse, and the tears burst forth. "It's okay. You cry as much as you want." She knows this is bad. She's right; Bella Swan does not cry. Ever. Well, maybe during Casablanca when Bogey puts Ingrid Bergman on the plane back to the States and doesn't go with her. Every time. But that's it. Other than that, I don't cry. Rose rubs her hand up and down my back as I ruin her blouse with my tears. After a minute of indulging, wallowing, I pull away. "I'm sorry." My breath catches. "This is stupid. I'm crying over a boy." "Bella, Jake is not just a boy. I always thought you'd get married and have a slew of kids and live happily ever after…" She trails off. "I'm sorry. That's not helping." I can't do anything but nod. "I don't understand. Everything was perfectly fine, and then…he drops this bomb on me." Jake and I were always the perfect pair. We grew up together, were best friends throughout school, and fell into intense love sometime after starting college. I can't even remember when it happened. It seemed like we'd always been together. Our relationship is— was —laughter and friendship, love and passion. What else could anyone ask for? According to Jake, a lot, I guess. I drop my eyes from Rose's face to a wet spot on the shoulder of her blouse. "I'm sorry. I've ruined your top." "Stop apologizing for everything. It's just a shirt. We have bigger concerns here. Why did he suddenly decide to tell you?" "Guess he couldn't have it weighing on his conscience anymore." I sniffle and run my hands through my hair. "I made it so easy for him, Rose. He said his piece, kissed me, and left. I didn't even fight it. He broke it off without a care in the world. Didn't even—didn't ask me to forgive him or—" " Forgive him? You would consider staying with him after he cheated on you?" "You don't understand! You think you're going to be with someone forever, and then… I feel like my entire future has just… I feel lost . I'm not ready to give up." I dissolve into sobs again as my own words sink into my devastated heart. She puts an arm around me and leans her head on my shoulder. We sit that way for a while as I calm myself. "Ice cream?" Rose asks after a few minutes. I sniff and nod. She's back from the kitchen in a flash with a carton of Ben and Jerry's and two spoons. We sit facing each other, cross-legged on the couch, sharing the pint of Phish Food. "So tell me about this dreamboat that brought you home. Yummy." I force a laugh for her sake, but I choke on it. "There's not much to report. His name's Edward. He goes to C of C, and he seems really nice. You want me to try and find out his number for you?" I'm joking, but she shrugs. "It's okay. I sort of met a guy a couple of days ago. I'm really into him." "Oh yeah?" I say, grasping the opportunity to talk about something happy. She hesitates. "Are you sure you want to hear—" "Anything to distract me right now is perfect." "Well, he's tall, dark, and handsome." She fakes a swoon. "A real gentleman. I met him at Kudu Coffee. He held the door open for me, and we started chatting in line, and he paid for my mocha. We sat there talking for almost two hours. Even his name sounds gentlemanly. Emmett Cullen ." "That's…an interesting name." She nudges my foot with hers. "Shut up. It's cute." It's been awhile since Rose met a really nice guy. She tends to go for the bad-boy type. They're either just as dramatic as she is or too complacent for her sensitivities. "Are you seeing him again?" I ask, needing to keep her on this track. "We're going out tomorrow night. So"—she shovels a huge bite of Phish Food into her mouth—"how about a little Casablanca? " Rose knows my weakness for Humphrey Bogart. My stomach feels unsettled after just a couple of bites of the ice cream. And I feel like a disgusting mess. "Sure. Let me shower and change first." She pats my hand before I leave the couch. I go to my room and sit on the edge of my bed with my head in my hands. The picture of Jake on my nightstand taunts me. His wide, toothy grin. His short, dark, spiky hair. Those full, pouty lips. In a sudden fit of rage, I grab the frame and throw it as hard as I can across the room. The glass shatters against the wall, and the whole mess falls to the floor, twisted and broken. It looks like I feel right now. Never in my life have I been one to feel sorry for myself. I've never indulged in self-pity, never given in to anger, because what use are those emotions? But this is too much. I shed my running clothes and pull on a clean, oversized t-shirt without even bothering to shower. I don't have the energy or attention span for a movie. I know Rose will understand. Crawling into bed, I pull the blankets over my head and give in. The door creaks open, and the mattress dips next to me. Rose lays her hand on my back. "Are you okay? Physically, I mean." I nod from under the quilt. "I'll clean up the glass. You go to sleep." She pulls the covers down a bit and kisses the top of my head. "Call me if you need anything, all right?" I just nod again. As far as I can remember, I've never cried myself to sleep. I guess there's a first time for everything.