the fake Edward Cullen was. Just because I was ready to move on didn't mean the rest of the world was. Promotion for the last Modern movie was set to start in three weeks, and I just knew I would have to answer question after question about Jane's video. But Tanya agreed to do all the press with me. Hopefully that would help. It was always good to have your best friend by your side. That's how I found myself sitting at a table at Tanya's birthday party. I didn't really want to be around the celebrity types, but my presence wasn't for that. It was for Tanya. I didn't do anything for my image anymore. I did things for me. So I only went to the things I wanted to go to. I didn't care how it would look. I just cared that I was being true to who I was. I sipped my water and scanned the friendly faces. Tanya waved at me, and I sent her a salute. She was crowded by her family and I knew it would be a little while before she could make it over to me. But I wasn't checking my watch, I was just going to sit back and enjoy myself. I found myself smiling until a glass full of cold liquid spilled all over my jeans and the sound of broken glass filled the room. Everyone looked in my direction, and I heard a frantic voice mutter "shit" and saw a flash of brown hair come into my view. "Oh my goodness! I'm so clumsy. I'm sorry." The small woman leaned down on her knees and pulled a napkin out of her serving apron, trying to wipe my soaked crotch. "I'm so embarrassed. I wasn't looking. It's totally my fault. But to explain myself, I saw James Franco and I kinda got a little starstruck." She kept wiping my pants and I held back a laugh. "Please stop that," I said, trying to stop her from spilling anymore of her verbal diarrhea. "It's fine." Her brown eyes locked with mine and I felt a shock pass through my body. It was almost as if I had gotten shocked by static electricity. She was gorgeous. Her eyes were this soft brown, and her hair had hints of red in it. Her cheeks had a pink hue from her embarrassment and her mouth formed an O as she gasped. "Oh, shit." Her hands shook and I looked at her, confused. "You're like super gorgeous, and I wasn't expecting to wet your penis with wine. I mean with anything. I don't want to wet your penis. I don't want to wet you." I laughed and her blush deepened. "You did wet me," I said, gesturing to my crotch. "I'm sorry. Please don't hate me more than you already do, Mr. Cullen." She got up, nervously fixing her outfit, and I tilted my head. "I don't know you. How could I hate you?" She sighed and wrung the napkin in her hands. "Because someone stole my identity and tricked you. Well like, sort of stole it. I guess going into work for me when I was sick and pretending to be me isn't really stealing my identity. But it was a bitch move, and to me if felt like she did." She was rambling, and I was smiling. "What?" She huffed and looked at me, her brown eyes wide and scared. "I'm Bella Swan," she mumbled. My heart jumped, and surprisingly it wasn't in anger. I felt, somehow, content. And looking at her only made my heart pound faster. "It's nice to finally meet the real Bella Swan," I said with a smile. She returned my smile and held out her hand. "It's nice to meet you too, Edward Cullen. You're even more gorgeous in person. Wish you would have met me first, before Jane tainted my name. Now I'll never get to find out if you really are as sexy as you look." I laughed as I shook her hand, and that same spark I had before intensified with her touch. She looked down at our hands like she felt it too and then gasped. "Shit, I said that out loud. That's embarrassing. I have like word vomit or whatever. But honestly, I'm glad it's out there. I would have said it sooner or later." "That seems like you expect us to talk or even see each other after this." I smirked. She smiled and laughed. "A girl can hope right?" she asked, putting her hands on her hips. I looked up at her and realized how cute she looked in her uniform. "So can I." I smiled at her, and I decided this time it would be different. I was different. I didn't have someone breathing down my neck telling me what to do. I didn't have anyone to answer to but myself. I knew if I walked away right now, I would always be thinking of that spark I felt from her presence. I knew it. It wasn't the smartest thought, but she wasn't Jane. Jane tried to break me, but in turn she made me stronger. Maybe her stealing Bella's name wasn't a coincidence, maybe it was fate. Maybe all of this was supposed to happen so I could get wine spilled on me by this gorgeous girl. So I took a chance. I gave her my number, and I held back a smile as I watched her walk away. When she thought I wasn't looking, she gave a Breakfast Club style fist pump, and for the rest of the party she wore the same matching grin as mine. I guess the gut feeling I had with Jane was just bad shellfish, or my mind trying to tell me something. I knew this Bella Swan was different. I didn't need a gut feeling to tell me that. All I needed was a spark. The best things start with a spark.