always tell when the other was lying. "Well, um, I gotta get going. See you later, Seth." Kori smiled at him before turning to walk down the steps. "Wait." Kori stopped and looked over her shoulder at him again. "Are you doing anything tomorrow?" he asked curiously, stepping down to the same step as her. "No. Why?" Kori asked curiously. "Well, me, dad, and Billy are going fishing tomorrow. I was wondering if you wanted to come." "I don't know." Kori shrugged, "I wouldn't want to intrude on your 'guys fishing trip'." "You wouldn't be." Seth argued. "Billy's always talking about how much he misses his kids fishing with him. He'd love it. Please?" he begged, bringing out the puppy eyes. Kori rolled her eyes with a grin. "Not fair. You know I can't resist the puppy eyes. Okay, fine. I'll go." Seth grinned, showing his white teeth. "Great. So, my place around 9:00 tomorrow morning?" Kori nodded. "Yep. Sounds good." Some shouting made them look towards the parking lot. Jared was giving Embry a noogie. Kori rolled her eyes, not believing she was really older than them. "Hey, Kori?" Seth asked uncertainly. Kori looked at him, showing she was listening. "Do you know what's going on with them?" he asked. "What do you mean?" Kori asked nervously. "You know what I mean. Everyone says they're on steroids, but I can't see Jake or even Embry doing drugs." Kori looked at her feet for a moment. She could see out of the corner of her eye that the pack had stopped messing around and were watching her, waiting to see what she would say. She couldn't lie to Seth, he was her best friend, but it wasn't her secret to tell. "I…I can't tell you, Seth. It's not my place to say. I'm sorry." she looked up at him, her eyes pleading with him to understand. Seth smiled reassuringly at her. "It's fine. I get it. Sorry for asking, it's none of my business." "Thanks Seth. See you tomorrow." "Yeah, bye." They walked down the steps, going their separate ways at the bottom, Seth heading towards where Leah was waiting by her car while Kori headed towards Jake's rabbit. She kept her head down as she passed the pack. Out of the corner of her eye she saw only Kim and Paul were still watching her. Well, Paul was more glaring at her, like usual. He hated her, she knew that. Kori walked around and hid most her body behind the rabbit, waiting by the front passenger door for Jake to unlock it. She faintly heard, "Alright, I'll see you guys later." Several other voices shouted bye as Jake headed toward his car. Kori climbed in as soon as he unlocked it. The drive was quiet for a few moments as Jake backed out of the parking lot. "So, what'd you and Seth talk about?" he asked curiously. Kori snorted. "Like you weren't listening to the whole thing anyway." Jake sighed. "Alright, whatever. So you're going fishing tomorrow?" "Got a problem with that?" she asked. "I'm just trying to make conversation here, jeez. Calm down, Kor. Did you have a bad day or something?" he asked in an annoyed tone. Kor was a nickname Quil had given her a long time ago that caught on with a few other people, mostly Jake and Embry. Kori shrugged, looking out the window. "No." She didn't really have a bad day. Sure, most people would consider it bad, but compared to most days in Kori Black's life it wasn't that bad. Jake seemed to give up trying to talk to her, so the rest of the drive was quiet. Finally, they pulled up and parked in their driveway. As they got out a sharp, short howl ripped through the air, causing a shiver to run up Kori's spine. She'd never admit it to the pack, they had big enough egos as it is, but wolves were her favorite animals. And their howls had a tendency to comfort her. "Crap." Jake muttered, slamming his door shut. "What's up?" Kori asked. "Leech." he growled. He started walking towards the woods backwards. "Hey Kor, could you-" "I'll tell dad you might be late for dinner." she answered with a roll of her eyes. "Thanks!" he shouted as he pulled his T-shirt over his head, tossing it on the ground as he raced into the woods. Kori rolled her eyes again as she walked into the backyard and picked up his T-shirt before going inside and tossing it in the hamper. XXX Later that night Kori's eyes snapped open. She looked around her dark room, not knowing what had woken her up. She looked over at the small alarm clock on her bedside table. It was 10:34 at night. A long, mournful howl snapped Kori's attention to the window beside her bed. She crawled out from under her blankets to the edge of her bed, crawling over the footboard until her bare feet touched the cool wooden floor. She crossed her arms to try chasing away the chill as she looked out her window, seeing if she could spot who howled. She didn't know the pack well enough to know who was who in wolf form. Not that she really cared to, but something about that howl stirred something in the pit of her stomach. She wasn't sure what it was, or if she liked it. She spotted a couple shapes racing through the trees at the edge of the forest, and she could tell it was someone from the pack, but she still didn't know who it was. Deciding to give up, Kori climbed back in bed. But it took a couple hours for her to fall back asleep. XXX This is the first chapter of my new fanfic You Don't Have to be Alone . I hope you all like it so far, reviews are very much appreciated. Let me know what you think. Thanks!