I would prefer to wait for Dad, but I don't mean because it's what I want for me or that I think you're incapable or not allowed to or anything like that. I truly, truly don't want to put you through this after what I already did to you." "I apologize for assuming that you were trying to get out of something. I see now that you're not. And I understand where you are coming from, Bella, but would you allow your daughter to wait for Edward if you were in my position, after she had so willfully disrespected you?" Mom asked me. "Or would you spank your errant daughter yourself?" "I would spank her myself." I answered her. Not wanting to put this off any longer or wanting distress her any more by arguing, I silently unfastened my pants and pushed them down, and placed myself across my mother's lap. Once I got there, I realized this was far worse than what I had done to earn my last spanking, and I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and lowered them as well. I know for certain that Dad would have and probably still would spank me on the bare bottom, that is, if he decided to be merciful. I still felt as though I deserved much worse. Mom waited a few moments, probably out of shock that I actually meant what I said about fighting her, or maybe that I voluntarily bared my own bottom, a punishment that all of the other Cullen children try to avoid. I knew that they must have hated it both for the physical pain and the embarrassment, but I also knew that I had done more than enough to earn this. I heard Mom raise her hand to deliver the first blow, but it never came. Instead she whimpered and lowered her arm. It seems the pain I had caused her still affected her horribly. Knowing that I had caused this pain, hurt me more than any spanking ever could. "It seems as though you were right, Bella." She admitted to me sadly. "My arm hurts too much to give you the spanking I had intended. Your chastisement would have literally physically hurt me more than it hurt you. I'm sure your father would be less than pleased if I injured myself more to spank you. We will have to wait for your him to arrive." She sighed regretfully, probably because she knew that Carlisle would have to take on the entire task of disciplining me by himself, and she hoped to spare him some of that unpleasantness. "I will require you to wait in this position until he arrives. It will show us both that you are ready to be submissive." "Yes, ma'am." I nodded, thoroughly embarrassed, but accepting of her punishment. Earlier, when I hoped to dissuade her from spanking me herself, I had thought of offering to stand in the corner until Dad arrived, but this was worse… and more appropriate. It not only reminded me that she was my mother, it also served to help me replay in my mind, over and over , what I had done to end up in this position. After several careful reviews of the events that led up to attacking my mother, I realized that I had committed many crimes before I actually injured her. First, I had set a terrible example for my daughter. What would she think of the way I behaved today? Next, I had lost my temper with Jacob. Then, I refused to calm down when my mother told me to, growling at her in the process. My temper flared even more, and I snarled at her, and finally deliberately disobeyed her. The reason she got hurt was because she didn't want me to hurt Jacob, and I refused to heed her instruction. While she implored me to calm down, the only thought in my head was revenge, not justice, revenge. It wasn't long before I began crying over my mother's lap, deeply ashamed of how much pain I had caused her. I had been foolish, impetuous, and disrespectful. I lost track of time in my despair. I was brought out of my self-flagellation by my father's voice. "What did she do?" Dad asked Mom, sounding like he thought that maybe she had been overly harsh with me, but knowing that it couldn't possibly have been true. "And how long did you spank her?" "I'll let her explain what she's done, if she can… and for your information, I didn't spank her at all." Mom told him. "Sweet pea." Dad addressed me concerned, and I caught my breath to answer him. My inner monologue chastised me, and reminded me that he probably wouldn't be eager to call me Sweet pea after he had heard what I have done to his wife. "Care to explain why you are in that position?" "I'll tell you the whole story after you make sure Mama's arm is all right." I told him, remembering the whimper she made when attempted to spank me. Also, I had never reattached a limb before, I could have done it the wrong way. "What's wrong with you arm, love?" Carlisle asked her as he looked over her injury. "Bella will tell you in a moment." She told him, and his breath caught. He probably realized from my position and mom's cryptic comments, I had done this to her. "It will hurt for a few days, love, but it will heal just fine." He told her, and I heard him kiss her. "I'm sorry." "I know." She sighed. "I've seen the kids after a fight before. I just didn't realize that it was this uncomfortable." "So much so that you couldn't spank our wayward daughter?" He asked her, but I didn't hear an answer. She probably nodded. Dad began speaking again, this time he seemed extremely irritated, "Speaking of which, she had better start explaining."