smile spread across his face. I walked over to him and straddled him. He was pinned between me and the couch. I smiled before locking our lips together. I completely ignored our children. We just sat there, kissing with everything we had. It was a short period of time, but it almost seemed like an inappropriate length of time for something being done infront of my family. We broke our kiss and my husband smiled up at me. I smiled back. "Later?" he asked. I knew what he meant, "Later" I agreed. I rolled off of him, and was now laying on the couch, with my legs across his lap. I looked over at my children and grandchild, who all had at least one hand over their eyes. "Oops" I said. Edward peeked one eye open and the breathed a sigh of relief. "Ok, their done," he said, and everyone moved their hands. Carlisle looked embarrassed. he looked over at me and smiled as he rubbed my leg gently. I smiled back at him, and sat up, snuggling back into his arms. "Sorry," I said. Everyone chuckled. Renesmee jumped up and looked really excited. "I wanna sing now" she squealed. "I wrote this song myself. Its really fun actually. Kinda a twist on the '12 days of Christmas' song. And there's something to do with everyone in it, now that I know everyone human life story. Can you give me tune Dad?" she asked. Edward went back to his piano and played an the tune to '12 days of Christmas'. "On the first day of Christmas, here we all received, A long life of immortality. On the second day of Christmas, this life gave to me, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality. On the third day of Christmas, here's what we received, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality. On the fourth day of Christmas, here's what we received, four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the fifth day of Christmas, this life gave to Mom, FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the sixth day of Christmas, here's what Em received, six slaps for swearing, FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the seventh day of Christmas, this life gave to Jaz, seven newborns to kill, (Em got)six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the eighth day of Christmas, we found out what Carlisle did, (he) eight, all the deer herds, (Jaz got) seven newborns to kill, (Em got) six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the ninth day of Christmas, a human gave to you, nine months pregnant, (Carlisle) eight, all the deer herds, (Jaz got) seven newborns to kill, (Em got) six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the tenth day of Christmas, Alice gave to me, Ten designer purses, (Esme got) nine months pregnant, (Carlisle) eight, all the deer herds, (Jaz got) seven newborns to kill, (Em got) six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the eleventh day of Christmas, this is what we received, eleven constant slip-ups, (Alice gave me) Ten designer purses, (Esme got) nine months pregnant, (Carlisle) eight, all the deer herds, (Jaz got) seven newborns to kill, (Em got) six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality On the twelfth day of Christmas, Esme gave to Mom (and Dad), twelve day on her island, (there was) eleven constant slip-ups, (Alice gave me) Ten designer purses, (Esme got) nine months pregnant, (Carlisle) eight, all the deer herds, (Jaz got) seven newborns to kill, (Em got) six slaps for swearing, (we got) FIVE PHASING BOYS! four Volturi death threats, three vampire stalkers, two loving parents, and a long life of immortality" Renesmee finished her adorable, yet emotionally insensitive song. "I'm sorry if anything I said hurt anyone feelings, But it was supposed to cheer everyone up," She said. "Its ok," I said to her. "it was a great song,". She looked up at me and smiled. "Thanks" she said and sat down. "I liked the parts about me getting slapped. I remember how much trouble I was in when Bella heard me swear in front of you." Emmett said with a huge grin on his face, "Yea, and the part about Carlisle eating all the deer herds," Jasper laughed. I looked over at my husband, "It wasn't my fault I didn't hunt for a month," he said, defending himself. I turned back to Renesmee, "the 'two loving parents' was sweet. But were you talking about your mom and dad, or Carlisle and I?" I asked her with an 'I bet you didn't think of that', look on my face, "Both," she beamed. "and I'm sorry, about the nine months pregnant thing, I just couldn't think of anything else to put there" she said, her smile falling. "Its ok" I said. "my favorite part, was the five phasing boys. that was funny," "What about me giving her ten designer purses?" Alice asked. "That was good too" Carlisle said. We continued to talk about how funny Renesmee's song was. I had completely forgot about how down I was earlier. I was happy now. My spirits lifted. My Christmas spirit was here. This year would be the best Christmas yet.