was so happy. The extra footage movie was about to start, so we pilled into a large area above the fans. The seats were plush and it was dimly lit. We sat down and got about half and hour into the footage, when i felt a wave of nausea come over me, then my stomach started to gurgle. I rushed out of the theater to the washroom and threw up in the toilet, in the family washroom. Nikki, Ashley and Peter rushed in. Peter's arms were around me, holding my hair as I threw up. After IU was finished violently vomiting, I attempted to pull myself to my feet, but couldn't. I hung my head in exhaustion. How was I tired? I got 14 hours of sleep last night. Nikki crouched down next to me, And Ashley dragged Peter from the washroom. "Liz, are you ok?" she asked. I lifted my head and forced the words from my mouth, "Take me home," I mumbled shakily,on the verge of tears. Nikki helped me to my feet and I slowly trudged to her car, trying not to throw up again, even though there probably was nothing else in my stomach. Nikki drove me back to my apartment and helped my to the bathroom. I opened the medicine cabinet as she stood near the door. I reached for the Gravol, but stopped short, "What's wrong?" Nikki asked. I took a breath and closed my eyes, then turned and looked at her, "What day is it?" I asked slowly, "November 5th" She said. I thought for a minute and then banged my fist on the counter. "Shit," I said to the person in the mirror, "What's wrong?" Nikki asked again. I looked at her, "I'm late," I said with a blank look on my face. Then another wave of nausea hit and I bent over the toilet for the second time tonight. Nikki rubbed my back and held my hair. Then all of the memories from to weeks ago came flooding back. Peter. Me. Our bodies twined together as one. Moving as one. The Pain. Then the pleasure that followed. Everything. I looked back at Nikki, "Nikki, I think I'm pregnant," I said, slowly. She looked as if someone had just slapped her in the face. "What? Are you sure?" she asked. I stood up, "I think so." "Liz. With who?" was all she asked. I leaned up against the counter, "Peter," I mumbled. Her eyes widened. "Oh my god. When did this happen?" she asked. I looked up at her. "About two weeks ago. He stopped by the set I was working at, and we said we loved each other, and things when from there. I just remember now." I said, slightly ashamed at how this all happened. Nikki was silent for a few minutes before she wrapped her arms around me, "I'll run to the drug store," she said. As if on cue, Ashley walked in. "Ash, Stay with Elizabeth. I'll be back in ten minutes," Nikki said and left. Ashley came into the bathroom, "Feeling better Liz? You must had some pretty bad food." she said with a chuckle. "I'm better." I said, reaching for a Gravol and taking it. Hopefully it would help. I brushed my teeth to get rid of the vomit taste in my mouth. Nikki came back ten minutes later with a brown paper bag, "Here," she said gently, handing the bag to me. "I'll tell Ashley, Ok?" she said, "Thanks" I said, and closed the door. I opened the bag and pulled out three pregnancy tests, prenatal vitamins, just in case, and more Gravol. I took all three test and then went to go sit with Nikki and Ashley, "It'll be ok Liz," Ashley reassured. I started to pace, "Pacing won't make time speed up, Liz" Nikki said. I anxiously waited the ten minutes. "I guess you can go check," Ashley said looking at her watch. I entered the washroom and picked up the sticks. I slowly looked at each one. Positive, Positive, Positive. All positive. I was in complete shock, "Oh my god," I said to myself. I walked out of the washroom and I looked the girls in the eyes, tears escaping my eyes. "Negative?" Nikki asked, her voice anxious but also seeming upset. I turned my frown into a smile, and giggled with excitement. "Their all Positive! I'm Pregnant!" I shouted with joy. Both of their faces lit up. "Oh My God! No way," Ashley said. "Yep," I said handing her the sticks. She looked at them, then set them down and squeezed me in a bone crushing hug, "Congrats!" the both squealed. I picked the sticks up again. The door opened and Peter stepped in. All three of us were jumping up and down like little girls. Peter laughed. "We it looks like your better," He said, walking over, and took me in his arms. I looked him in the eyes as the girls backed away, "What's going on?" he asked. I smiled a huge grin at him, and help up the sticks. He let go of me and took them, looking at them. He looked up at me, in complete shock. My smile still on my face. "Your pregnant?" he asked. I nodded, probably looking ridiculous with my huge grin. He dropped the sticks on the floor and picked me up, spinning me around a few times, "Oh My God! Lizzie! This is amazing!" he said with excitement. He set me down, "I can't believe it. We're gonna have a baby!" I smiled and we kissed, completely forgetting Nikki and Ashley were there. We broke apart and looked at the girls, "We'll be in the other room," Nikki said, walking out with Ashley. Peter turned back to me, and knelt down in front of me. My hand pulled my shirt up, and Peter's lips kissed my still flat stomach. I giggled and touched my stomach. A baby. I couldn't believe it.