about her blood had lit his fuse. He was shaking and she worried he might phase which would have been disastrous. She didn't even hesitate, she pulled away from Edward and went to his side. "Paul," she touched his arm. "It's really fine. Edward has control, the Cullen's wouldn't hurt me. I know you took excellent care of my cut, it's already so much better." She felt him start to relax as she spoke, but Edward interfered again. "Bella, step away, he isn't in control; he could hurt you." Paul's head snapped up and he pushed forward and got in Edward's face. "I will not. I'm not the one planning to end her life, that's you, leech." Bella caught a glimpse of Edward's face as it slightly changed. He usually hid that side of himself, but he had warned her it existed inside of all of them. Edward was studying him, most likely trying to get inside his head. Paul smirked, "You don't want in there, I'm sure you're not equipped to deal with what you might see." Edward's expression changed again to disgust. She needed to diffuse the situation. She did something she never thought she would do with any other wolf besides Jake, because she totally trusted him, but she pushed her way in between them. "Paul, I think you should go. I appreciate the help today. I know I'm not your favorite person, but you took care of me anyway." "Whatever, I'm not some perfect gentleman like your bloodsucker or a little do-gooder like Jake, but I'm not heartless. Catch you later, Blue or not. Bye," and as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he sprinted off towards the woods and disappeared. "Come inside, love. Do you need me to carry you?" "No, I'm fine," she craned her neck to see if she could see any sign of the wolf, but he was gone. The two of them went inside. She was hoping he'd forget all that went on in the front yard, but it was the only thing he wanted to discuss. "Blue? Why did he call you that?" "Um...I don't know, Edward. He usually calls me leech-lover." "It truly doesn't make sense. Your eyes aren't blue, of course. You aren't wearing blue. I would like to know what possessed him to say that." Of course, she knew that she was wearing blue, but only Paul would know that and there was no way she was telling him the truth that he'd seen her underwear. "Bella those shorts really aren't appropriate attire, I have to believe if you weren't wearing them, you might not have been injured. I really don't like to think about that unsavory man looking at you and I assume he had to touch you to bandage your leg. Let me see exactly where the cut is." "No," she quickly responded. "I mean, please, it finally stopped throbbing, I don't want to bother it again and it's hot, I like these shorts; they're comfortable." He frowned again, but continued to warn her, "Bella, I trust that you will never be in that neanderthal's presence again. He is the most volatile of all the wolves. I don't know how you manage to find yourself in these situations." "Edward, I know...don't worry he and I try our best to stay away from each other. It was rare that he was nice to me today." "Well, I can't stress how much I distrust him. His mind is a jumbled mess. It's polluted with pornographic thoughts and images. He obviously hasn't a shred of respect for any woman." "Fine, I get it Edward. Can we drop it? I feel like I'm getting a headache. I don't want to talk about it any longer." She secretly wondered what Paul had shown him, but she felt like she was starting to blush thinking about what it might have been. "Oh, well of course. Let me get you an aspirin and a cool rag." "No," she asserted. "Please can you just leave? I need a human moment. I want to be alone." "Are you sure? I was only trying to take care of you." "Yes, I'm sure and I know that. I'm sorry." Apologies came so easy for him, she didn't think he realized there was such thing as over-protective. "You're still upset about not finding out word on Jacob." "A little. I just want someone to let me know he's alright. I hurt him and I feel guilty. You know I'll always care about him." "He's a strong man and wolf, Bella. It isn't like he's in danger, but I suppose I understand. I'll let you have some time to yourself." He placed a chaste kiss to the side of her head and walked out the door. Bella went to kitchen and got a glass of water and a couple of Tylenol. Her head wasn't exactly hurting, but her leg was a little sore. She noticed how much better she felt when she heard the Volvo speed away. She was giving him her whole life in a month, she wished he could pull back a little and let her deal with her last days as a human without so much hovering. She didn't know how to make her point without hurting his feelings. He naturally wished to take care of her, but she could admit to herself that she felt smothered. She went to the sink to rinse her glass and wash the dishes from breakfast. She looked out towards the woods and swore she saw a silvery flash of fur. Could Paul still be out there? If so, why? Why was Paul sticking around after she told him to leave? She reached up and felt her mouth. The more important question was why did it make her smile to think he did? She and Paul hated each other, didn't they? ~Thanks for reading I'm excited about this fic, hope some of you are as well.