at the site of my handsome blue-eyed boyfriend. He closed and locked the door behind him and took off his jacket. "Just one guilty pleasure?" he asked skeptically. "Just one," I replied in my kitten voice brought on by the site of Edward on my tv. "Here in the US, everyone is allowed one guilty pleasure." "Then in that case, you're mine," he said before his mouth was on mine. His hands lifted me at the waist and carried me into the bedroom. ~x~ Chapter 6 Demetri and I sat in bed eating Chinese take-out and catching up with Netflix, as was our ritual. I had no idea how to decide to approach this subject. He hadn't known Jess too well, but we had already gone to a wedding together for a co-worker of mine. Demetri looked nice in a suit and tie. He handled himself well socially, charmed others just by speaking in his British accent. "I have to tell you something," we seemed to say at the same time. "You go first," I insisted. "I admit this little sweeping you off your feet was a bit selfish of me. I have to travel for work upcoming." "Oh no, when do you have to leave?" "In two days." "When will you be back?" Surely he would be back in time for the wedding. "Not for two weeks." "Two weeks?" I asked with both shock and relief. "I have a couple of stops to make, but I'll end up in Vegas. How would you feel about coming with me?" "I can't," I told him quietly while Lila stalked into the room announcing herself with a loud meow. "I know you have work and the cat. Maybe just meeting up with me for a couple of days?" "No, I can't, that's what I wanted to tell you. My friend Jess is getting married in two weeks, and I need to be at the wedding." For reasons I won't explain. "Getting married? And you're just now telling me?" he said in a disapproving voice. "I know! I just found out recently. I hadn't told you yet because I figured she was caught up in some whirlwind and she'd call it off in a few days, but just today she told me the plans were all set." "And there's no chance she's having the ceremony in Vegas?" he asked hopefully with a dopey smile. I laughed until he offered to cancel his trip, handing me a fortune cookie. "No, you don't need to do that. In Jess' own words, she said this wedding was only one step up from eloping and just a small show she was willing to partake in for her parents' sake. Go on your trip. I'll be fine." I opened my fortune cookie, pulling out the small piece of paper that read: True love dwells within your heart rent free. "Yeah," I mumbled to myself. Demetri was the reason I didn't go to the beach house last summer, not that I could have taken a week off from work. We had already been dating about four months at that point. I was still upholding the pact. Jess claims Edward showed up one night last year while a bunch of them were partying on the beach, but he didn't stay long after Jess told him I wasn't there and that I had a boyfriend. Twenty-three. He waited until I was twenty-three freaking years old to come back. If he was really there at all. I questioned if Jess had been so drunk that she made the whole thing up, but then I saw paparazzi pictures of him at a charity event in New York City. A few days later the doorman had buzzed me down and told me I had a package. It was a basket of white daisies supposedly delivered by a man in a blue baseball cap and sunglasses. I ran out the door looking up and down the street before telling myself it was crazy to think it had been Edward rather than a delivery service. Maybe I was crazy. I had to live my life, but sometimes it felt like I was living two lives - one I got up for each day and walked through and the other that began when I was a teenager and was put on hold. When both lives crossed is when I found myself plucking petals from the flowers. He loves me. He loves me not. Demetri knew I wasn't paying much attention to the show we were watching and decided he was going to take a shower. Once I heard the water running, I went to my jewelry box and pulled out the ring tray. Below it I kept the card that came with the daisies that day. Forget me not. -Always, Edward For awhile I was mad at him. He apparently had gotten my address but only sent one cryptic note. He left no return address. I sure as hell wasn't going to send a letter to his fan mail address. And so I continued to live my life. Things progressed with Demetri. We didn't officially move in together, but he had a key to my place. Lila was still getting used to him. I put the card back in my jewelry box, locking it closed. I wrapped up in my robe, pulling it tightly around me before entering the bathroom. "So you don't mind if I go to the wedding without you?" I asked, my voice releasing into the steamy air. I didn't want to look him in the eyes. Through the shower door was perfect cover. "If you don't mind, I don't mind, babe." "It's just one night," I said. "I'll probably stay overnight in one of the guest bedrooms and be back the next day." Edward won't be there. Not that Demetri knew about Edward. "Sure, just don't get too smashed." "I doubt I'll drink at all." ~x~ ~x~ A/N: Famous last words there, Bella?