headed away from the airport towards Forks. Bella had kind of hoped Jacob was going to carry the conversation judging by the way he was at first, but after his long text message; he remained pretty silent. Bella did not know the first thing about what might interest Jacob, so she decided it was better to sit in awkward silence than try and make small talk. Once they drove for about 20 minutes, Jacob got talkative again. "So Bella, how long do you think you might stay with Charlie?" "I don't know, I thought I would play it by ear. I turned down the position at the school that hired me at the last minute, so there goes that. I'm sure I will never get hired in that district again. I guess I might check into the schools in Forks. I'm pretty sure they have all their teaching positions filled, but maybe I could work as an aide or assistant." "I bet you can find something easy. It doesn't hurt that Charlie is so respected in the community. That should help your chances. Sometimes, who you know makes all the difference." "Where do you work?" "Um, I actually own a garage on the rez now." "Wow, that's amazing and you love cars, so sounds like a dream job." "Sure, sure. It pays the bills." "Oh, do you still live at home with Billy?" He kind of look uncomfortable, but he answered, "Nah, I moved out this year." he got quite again, but finally admitted the rest. "I live with my girlfriend, Nadia." "Oh, that's nice. Have you been together a long time?" Bella knew she was so far removed from the dating scene, normal relationships, etc. She just assumed Jacob probably had known this girl awhile, if he had left his father to move in with her. She remembers how dedicated he was to Billy. "Um well, she and I met almost a year ago." "Wow, Jacob. You move fast, I guess you must really be in love." She had said too much, and realized how badly she was embarrassing herself. She instantly blushed and covered her mouth with her hand essentially stopping herself from saying anything further. Jacob didn't say much else except, "Yeah, something like that." She couldn't help but wonder what they hell that meant. Either he was very in love or not? Jacob Black was making her confused and she could not figure out why. She had done her best at keeping everyone at arm's length since Edward and now for some stupid reason she cared if Jake lived with a girl name Nadia. She did know one thing, she did not like that name. It sounded harsh to her ears. Jacob soon pulled into Charlie's driveway which looked precisely the same as the day she had left. Of course, Charlie would not change anything. His resistance to change was somewhat comforting to her, if she was completely honest. It just meant she could always count on him to be what she expected. Jacob got out of the car and retrieved her luggage. She caught herself staring at the way his back muscles moved and flexed through his shirt. He truly had grown into a handsome man. Was that word even enough to describe him? It probably wasn't. Bella knew there were much better, descriptive words to use, but seeing how he was taken. It did not seem appropriate to recite them even in her own mind. "You coming, Bells?" Jacob asked from the porch. "Oh yeah, sure." Dammit, did he see her staring at him? How humiliating. She stumbled on the stairs to further her embarrassment. God, she hoped Jacob did not come around too often, because one car ride with him had turned her into a bumbling fool. Of course, there was another part of her, that kind of wished she could see him again. She had thought way back when she first came to Forks that the two of them, might have become good friends. That was until she pretty much alienated everyone else from her world except Edward and the Cullen's. Charlie was supposed to come home in the morning. He still didn't know she was in town. She debated whether to go to the hospital, but she decided her time would best be spent readying the house and maybe going grocery shopping. She looked to see that Jacob was still standing there, so she thanked him again for the ride. "No problem, is there anything else you need?" Jacob said. "Well, do you know if my truck might start? I really need to go buy food." "Um, I doubt it, since it has been setting up a long while, but I can see what I can do a few days from now. I am backed up at work." "Oh, no rush, I could walk if I only get a few things." She was not about to ask for special favors. "No, Bella. You don't have to do that. I tell you what, I will send Seth over here early this evening. Would that work?" "I thought you said Seth works for my dad. You kind of make it sound like he works for you, Jake," she didn't know why she gave him the nickname, but it slipped out. He appeared to like it because a huge grin swept over his face. "Something like that Bella. Seth helps me out with some tribal functions. He works closely with me and a few other guys. You might see us all around from time to time. I'll make sure he gives you a lift to the store, so no taking off on foot. You hear me?" "Yes, sir." She saluted him, to only support the perception he must have that she is complete and total dork. He laughed and headed out the door and like a moron she quickly ran over to the window to watch him drive away. Thanks so much for reading.