I know the feeling. You fall asleep in the daytime, wake up and it's dark and you don't even know what day it is. I'm sorry. Charlie said I should stop by. I hope you don't mind, but I already looked around the outside. This place is a trip. I had no idea it was even out here." Finally, it all clicked. "You're Jacob." "In the flesh. Nice to meet you, but I swear we might have crossed paths as kids according to Dad. Sorry, I don't remember. I must have been really young because you strike me as memorable." "Did you come in my house?" "Oh. Well, not exactly. I knocked a lot. Charlie said you were home that you're always home so I stuck my head in. It wasn't locked." "That's breaking and entering." He laughed. She did not. Bella was serious. That kind of thing annoyed her. She had met too many men that thought they could do whatever they damn well pleased. "Oh, shit. You're serious? I'm sorry. I didn't think..." "No, you didn't. I'm a woman alone in a new place. You're lucky I didn't shoot first and ask questions later. Look, Mr. Black, Dad jumped the gun. He worries unnecessarily. I don't need a handyman. I've got everything that needs done on a list. Money's tight and I'm plenty handy myself." She paused her lies. Bella pulled excuses out her ass right and left. She hoped the signal got better out there so she could finally watch an entire YouTube tutorial on fixing a leaky faucet. But there was no way in hell that guy was going to come over and hang around her house day after day. No fucking way. Bella had issues in the past. She had been sucked in by the worst kind of sexy, charming men. That wasn't her, not anymore. Jacob needed to go. She never should have laid eyes on him, but he showed up without asking. That made him even more dangerous. "You have a sink problem?" "Um, no. I mean it works. I use it. What did Dad say?" Jacob pulled out his phone in front of her. "Bells has a giant leak under the kitchen sink, pours water out every time she uses it. Might check for mold under there as well. She is going to bust her ass on the fourth step. There's a water spot on the ceiling in the upstairs hallway. She also has a broken window in the garage. Just between you and me, the thought of her handling a pane of glass sounds deadly." Bella listened disbelieving. She waved her hands because he seemed like he had more. "Stop. That's enough. No way did Charlie Swan send that long of a text." "I didn't say he did. He called. I take notes in my phone so I don't confuse jobs. His list was so funny, I copied it verbatim. I've had time to check things out for myself as well." Jacob began to add to her growing list. He said things about some rotten boards at the eaves, roof repairs and a poison vine taking over the back fence. "Poison? Oh, can you get rid of that? I don't know anything about plants." "So you do want me to take care of things?" "No. I didn't say that. I don't know. Do you really think I need a new roof?" "Not sure until I get up there. Hey, whatcha plan on doing with that old tractor?" "Nothing, it looks ancient." "It is, but I bet I can get it running. I could clean up the property a whole lot faster with that instead of the mower I planned on borrowing from a buddy of mine." Bella wavered. He seemed nice, way too good-looking and a bit over-confident. Jacob played on her weaknesses without seeming to try. God knows she was lonely as hell. "Hey, have you had dinner yet?" "A little snack on the run. Why? You offering?" "Maybe. I don't have a fully-stocked kitchen yet, but I could whip up a few BLT's. There's one catch." His lip curled with hint of a smirk, "What's that?" "Don't tell my father I actually buy bacon. I lied because he doesn't need it everyday like a food group, so I pretend when he's over, I only have lean protein and veggies." Jacob twisted his thumb and finger over his lips like the secret was locked away. He had nice full lips. Bella couldn't even remember the last time a man kissed her. She was in a damn fool inviting him inside, cooking for him, reconsidering hiring him as her handyman, but she was doing all those things in spite of her prior promises to herself. He opened the door for her and let her pass. She brushed against him slightly. "Ouch. You shocked me." "No way. You shocked me." "Whatever. Come on. You can check out the malfunctioning sink while I cook. Do you like a little or a lot of bacon?" He pointed out his large stature and laughed. "What do you think, Bells?" She liked that he took the liberty with her name. She also liked that he looked even better in the light. His lips were the best shade of pink too, so kissable. Bella had to stop looking at his mouth. "Gotcha, Jacob likes extra bacon on his BLT. Anything else I should know?" "Nope, I'm a simple guy. What you see is what you get?" Bella tried to hide her nervous gulp. She had one focus and little time to accomplish her goals, so damn her traitorous dormant libido. It picked a fine time to reemerge. How long had it been since she kissed a man? She asked herself for a second time. ~Thanks for reading. My hope is you all can hire a Jake-like handyman if you ever need something fixed. LOL! Any guesses on what's up with Bella? I'm interested in all your feedback.