lips. "Turn your head." "Already done." Paul gave her a warm and welcomed kiss with his next breath. Neither kiss was long or passionate, but each was full of love and devotion. It was a once in a lifetime moment that she'd share such intimacy with both of them so close together, but like so many things that night...it was a special occasion. They talked quietly back and forth. The guys didn't want to push their luck and stay up there too long, but she kept asking for a few more minutes. Right before making their descent, a red winged hawk took flight and zoomed by them. They could all see it clearly as it streaked across the moonlight sky. She whispered, "Seth...it's a sign." "That he's still with us?" Jacob finished her thoughts. Paul agreed, "I think your right. I've had this strange feeling since we listened to the song back in the car." When they were safe and sound where they'd parked, she thanked them again for giving her a chance to do something special. "Yeah, we're not going to jail." She announced. Paul told her they weren't home yet and not to jinx them. Jacob started to back out, but then he stopped. "Bells, would you mind if Paul and I had a word outside before we leave." She wasn't sure that was the best idea since they'd been getting along so well as soon as dessert was served back at the restaurant, but she had to trust them. They worked together, they were alone often for that very reason. "Sure, if it's important." "It is." She sat patiently, but wondered if they were having a hard time coming to terms that she'd actually kissed them both atop the bridge. They seemed fine with it in the heat of the moment, but maybe back down to earth, reality set in and one or both were upset. She carefully eyed them through the front windshield. Neither seemed upset. They were both smiling and in the end, Jacob patted Paul on the shoulder. The two then turned around and got back inside, each taking their places on either side of her. Jacob started talking first and said it was totally up to her, but they were both confident in their own relationships and the other wasn't a threat or competition. "I really did want you to come home tonight, but I understand, Paul wants you with him. Why don't you decide. And if you want to go to Layla's that's fine too. We just want you to know, we won't get mad or jealous." There was no way she could make that choice on the spot in front of them, but they had discussed drawing straws, "Or not, hummingbird. We're not trying to offend you. It's just random. We both love you." She looked back and forth between them. Her mind was saying drive to Layla's, but she opened up her glove box and pulled out a drinking straw. She kept spares for Hope and her friends. "Here, cut it." She coudln't see what Paul was doing until he handed her three uneven straws and closed her palm over them. "Why are there three?" she asked. Paul said he'd explain it later and then laughed like he usually did when he was up to no good. Both of them drew from her grip after she adjusted the heights evenly, but before they revealed who got the short straw, her phone went off. Bella stuck the extra straw in her purse and pulled out her phone. "Hold on, it's Raif." "Hello, is everything okay?" He told her Cassie had just taken off to Layla's. Trevor called him in a panic, Layla's water broke and she was having tons of pains right on top of the other. They were taking her to the hospital already. Bella instantly thought her daughter might have inherited her quick labors. She hung up with her son in law. "Hospital, Port Angeles, now. I told you that baby was coming early." The trio made it with little time to spare. Bella got in Layla's room to help with Cassie and Trevor as they supported Layla. She was a trooper just as she'd always been. The doctor popped in for a visit and let them all know, "Hour...two, tops." Layla barely made it another hour before giving birth to a baby boy they named Harry. He was healthy and beautiful like all the babies born over the years. Once, mother and son were all cleaned up, they allowed Layla's surrogate fathers in to see the new addition. Everyone took turns holding the precious bundle. Leah made it soon after the birth to take pictures. It was the best ending to the anniversary. A brand new reason to celebrate. Bella took a break to head down the hall to visit the restroom. She stopped off at the vending machine to purchase a water bottle. When she dug in her bag for a couple of dollars, she pulled out the straw that was left in her possession. She quickly recognized it as the short one. Why were there three straws? If she had the short one, then neither Paul or Jacob lost. What the heck did that mean? She realized her brain was fried, it was nearly three o'clock in the morning, so she tossed the straw in the wastebasket and purchased the water. She hurried back to Layla's room where they all waited. Her family, her life and all that was truly important in the world was just beyond the door. ~Thanks for reading. Okay, I can officially put these characters to bed now. It's up to you, the reader to imagine what happened from then on. I got a little cheeky with them in the end on purpose for kicks with drawing straws. Guess whatever you fancy it all meant. I'll never tell. Hugs, hope to keep writing to my heart's desire over the next year too!