filled with ditzy city chicks thinking they can come and fuck shit up. Brunettes with emotional problems such as yourself." Emotional problems? Nonsense . I came... to get away. Since yesterday I've made effort... New me. New life. New everything. I was going to try something new. I promised. And wanted to live up to that... suddenly . "I don't have―" I started but his voice towered over mine. " Sweethart ―" But I found mine and corrected, " Bella ." He only smiled. His pink lips curved into a smug smile that I wanted to wipe off of his face. He was cocky. " Sweetcheeks , you were about to tell me―when I obviously don't care―that you left where ever you came from to get away from some bullshit dominating your life―" I was but... "Those weren't going to be my exact words..." Green Eyes laughed, shaking his head. He roamed his long fingers through his shoulder length, blonde hair. " Heh , I'll say they were pretty damn close." "Yeah, but..." I shrug once and kick another imaginary rock. "I still wouldn't have said that it's dominating my life... because it's not." "You're lying, girlie ." He steps closer and my breath hitches. "And I can tell because I read people like a book." For a moment all I do is stare into his green eyes―pale, emerald, light, dark... many different shades. He was mysterious. I gulp and take a step― stumble back and mumble, "You can read others... but not me, because I'm like... Macbeth or something challenging―not on your brain level." It was the best comeback I could come up with... I was no rhetorician. "The pages on your face reads about an insecure, flustered little girlie that is currently getting on my last fucking nerve, who needs to know that she shouldn't come here―to this school. That it will eat her alive unless she womans up and becomes somebody other than a meager, little plaything ." The word plaything rang in my head. It was what he said. I stood there in silence as he let out a yawn and stretched, his plain t-shirt underneath the leather jacket lifting up and revealing the tanned well-toned abs, muscles and hairs trailing from his belly button to down below. There was tears pricking my eyes but a blush adorning my face. "I've finished my smoke and the bell will ring in about―" He looked at his wrist as if he was checking the time on a watch and cue the bell ringing and students dispersing. "Oh, there it is! Now if you will excuse me..." Green Eyes started walking away. "Logan?!" A female voice thrilled from afar. We both looked to see an elderly woman approaching Green Eyes whose name was Logan . "Logan Briggs?! If that is you my 20/20 vision is seeing―you'll be in even more trouble, mister!" Logan turned to face me and winked an eye. "internal suspension does call." "And it's medicinal." He said. "You know, my weed ― pot ― marijuana ." He snickered and proceeded to walk off into the direction of one of the buildings. "Bella?!" I turned to see Renée looking around for me. I waved an arm in the air and she smiled, as I joined to meet her. "Oh there you are, sweetie." She pat my back, whispering in a hushed tone, "Who was the boy you were talking to? He's a handso―" "Asshole. The biggest one I've ever met." I cut her off. "More meaner than that old goat grams had out on the farm." "Girls need a goat." She sighs, as we get in the car and buckle up. We hadn't even pulled off yet and I already felt the immense headache coming on. "I need an asprin." "Headache?" I nod. "We'll grab a bite to eat and go pick up some from a nearby store, 'kay?" I nod again and lean my head on the window, looking out at the town passing us by. "So did you decide which one you like?" She said after a while of silence. Monte Vista , a school full of preppy students that would immediately have me ostracized for not participating in a cheerful sport like volleyball or tennis or for preferring to read over partying with the blondes. The Athenian , a preparatory college for grades 6-12, ensuring that I had a future...which I wasn't even so sure about at the moment. And lastly, San Ramon Valley ... a school much like Forks, medium-sized in population, Home of the Wolves and one golden blonde, green-eyed, marijuana-smoking, cynical asshole who basically warned me not to attend the school and... actually kind-of, sort-of told me the truth about myself in a mean way that had me contemplating his words and my very life. "Oh, yeah. Definitely ." I find myself smiling at my decision. " Monte Vista or San Ramon Valley or The Athenian ?" "San Ramon Valley." It was a confirmation. A confirmation that I'd attend this school and do what I've been supposed to be doing. Something New. Plus, I wanted to see the look on Green Eyes'― Logan Briggs' face when I in fact did start to attend San Ramon Valley and it didn't eat me alive. A/N: Okay, this was the first chapter of what I have been working on for a while. A new Bella/OC story, set during New Moon with a few twists and a lot of turns. As far as I have imagined and written, I'm not sure about canon events but definitely will include the Cullens, a new Bella, Wolf Pack and etcetera. This is rated M , will contain lemons/smut, violence, language and things considered disturbing, I guess. And this will be a great story, similar to Age in different ways. But completely different. Thanks For Reading! And please stay tooned for what I have coming up next. What did you all think? Kumi-Chan/Tobi-Is-Fluffy-Chan (Chinese New Year by Sales) 🎶