threesome, but Jo could slum it if she wanted. Joanna thought it was romantic Jacob was trying to win the girl of his dreams, so she gave it her all. "Not sure what you're talking about, sweetie, but Jakey promised me all his dances." He knew Bella would not like the nickname one bit. The alcohol made her feisty. Bella shoved the other girl just enough to prove she meant business. "I don't know who you are, but I know what you are. Jacob and I most certainly do have a dance planned." He stepped away from Leah and her friend, so there wouldn't be too much of a scene. People were already staring. Quil and Embry were laughing like a couple of girls off to the side. He tried to put his hands on her waist, but she slapped them away. "Come on, Bells. I thought we were dancing." She insisted she changed her mind. He didn't let up until he got a grip on her. "How could you?" "What? We were just dancing." "Not hardly, I swear it looked more like..." "Like what, honey?" She lowered her voice and spoke through gritted teeth, "Like you were doing it with your clothes on." He laughed at her assessment. "I'm sorry, but you seem preoccupied when I got here. I was trying to enjoy myself. You begged me to come, remember?" His requests from the DJ were just getting started, so he needed to get her closer instead of arguing. Bella looked around him. "Wow, so much for your companion, she's already moved on with Paul." He jerked her into his body. "I don't give a fuck. I only came here tonight for one person and only one." Jacob started trying to loosen her up and get her moving with him. She said, she didn't know what to do. "Just follow my lead and relax... have fun." She was nervous, at first he felt like he was dancing with a board, but eventually she started to feel the beat. She gradually pulled him away from the archway, so they wouldn't be visible to Edward. His boys had that covered. Even Blondie was standing watch. Jacob and Bella were only paying attention to each other. The song shifted to something slower. She never brought up that it was only supposed to be one dance. He moved closer and caressed her lower back. Her fingers moved around to the nape of his neck. "Bells," he whispered at her ear. "Take a ride with me." "What? No, I can't." "Why not? I wanna get out of here, so we can finally sort this out." She tried to pull back. "No, we've already done that. Stop Jake. I don't want to keep hurting you." He turned her around and pulled her all the way in. "Tell me how, what's going on between us right now makes it settled because you know, it's not. You were so jealous earlier, you could spit and I know you feel what you're doing to me." He jerked his hips forward, a gasp sounded from her lips. "It's like that night when you were pressed against me, pretending to sleep, but me and the bloodsucker could smell you. Why do you think that night was so difficult for him? Because he knew you were so turned on with my hard dick pressed against your ass. Nothing's changed, I still get to you, so I'm only going to ask once again. Leave with me." He took it a step further and guided them to the hall that led to bathrooms. Jacob backed her against the wall. He brushed his lips over the skin of her neck and she didn't even try to hide her moans. "Well...I'm waiting. What's your answer?" Bella looked up at him beneath hooded eyes. She glanced at the side door and he nodded. They made a break for it. The alarm sounded, confusion filled the room, he heard Edward calling for her, but the pack swore they'd make sure the leech was delayed. They climbed on his motorcycle and spun out of the parking lot. Bella was gripping his legs tightly with her thighs and holding onto his waist. He felt the vibrations from her pocket. She held it up, he saw it was him, of course. Jacob grabbed the phone and tossed it behind them where it smashed in a millions pieces. Instead of getting angry, he felt her laughter against his back. It wasn't too long, before high beams came up behind them. They were so close, so he pushed the bike to top speeds. He knew the guys would stall him at the treaty line. "Why Sam's?" she asked when they parked. "Because Sam and Emily are staying at a motel tonight for a getaway. Our dads are playing cards at the house with a few friends. I knew we'd get some privacy here." Bella smirked at him once they got inside and switched on a light. "I'm getting the sinking suspicion you planned all of this, Black." He wasn't going to lie to her, "Maybe, but did you honestly think that night I was high on morphine was really the best time to admit our deepest, most confusing feelings to one another?" "Well, I drank earlier, I'm not sure I was in my right mind at the club." He stalked towards her and she fell back on the couch. Jacob had a seat beside her. "You're not drunk, Bells...maybe you had a tiny buzz earlier, but I can tell. You willingly rode off with me. Why can't you admit that?" He took her hand and told her why he thought that was. "This isn't over, not by a long shot." ~Thanks for reading. FYI, I'm still working on everything else. I just haven't posted lately. This was a sidetrack, a good one, kinda like Wandering Home was for me. I probably post a couple of updates a week until it's officially complete.