my head to look at him as my mother gave my mother a glass of wine and led her into the living room whilst Emmett remained in the kitchen with me as I continued to cook. "Engaged? Congratulations man. I wasn't sure if you would ever think about it again, you know with the way it turned out with Bella" "Yeah, but's it different with Bella and its perfectly okay for me to marry someone else" he held up his hands defensively, I guess my tone was harsher than it needed to be. Even with me accepting that I loved Jacob and not regretting it, this was all still quite new to me and sometimes I didn't quite know how to deal with it myself. It could be that I was just a little sensitive, so when we were out I wouldn't always hold Jacob's hand or be as enthusiastic if he kissed me but I couldn't help but notice the occasional stares as other people passed us. "Hey, I didn't mean for it to come across that way. You are my brother, if you like guys then its' fine with me" he shrugged "it doesn't change anything with us" sometimes I thought he dealt with this whole situation better than I did, he just took on the chin and kept on going. "Thanks Emmett, that's nice to hear" "Yeah, I can be deep" I rolled my eyes as he reverted back to the jock stereotype he embodied, the nice moment over. "I have to say though I have never seen you look at Bella like that" "You can't really compare them" "I know but, with Bella she seemed to be a bit more of a friend someone you had settled for. Jake makes you happy I can see that" I looked at my left hand and turned away looking to the pork chops I was cooking. "I am happy" "Good" turning to the food and getting the vegetables out of the steamer I kept my head turned away from Emmett as I spoke again. "Has dad said anything?" "No...Sorry Edward. He just refuses to talk about it" I shrugged trying to act like it didn't bother me at all. "Its' fine, I guess it was only to be expected eh?" glancing back at him, he frowned looking pitiful for me. "No and he is being an ass, I can see why mom left him" "He's still our dad" he snorted derisively. "Hardly, he turned his back on you and he will barely talk to anyone. Old age has gotten to him" "Right well, can we not talk about this anymore?" we looked at each other with mutual sense of understanding and he nodded, standing up straight as I dished up the food and handed him the cutlery and table mats. "Jake, mom foods ready!" they came though smiling happily and as Jacob caught my eye, I slapped a wide smile on my face and for a second his faltered but he just sat at the table in between Emmett and Esme, and opposite me. Later that evening as me and Jacob lay in bed, my eyes were closed and Jacob lay on his side facing me wide awake as he touched my shoulder. "Hey" he whispered and I turned over to face him, opening my eyes to look at him in the dim light the only light in the bedroom was the trickle of moonlight that seeped around the edges of the curtains. "What is it?" "It bothers you doesn't it?" "What does?" "Your father, disapproving of me" "He likes you" I gently stroked his cheek, smiling at him. "He liked me, when I was your friend but now that I've turned you" "You can't make someone gay Jacob, you either are or you're not. I cannot choose who I love any more than you could be a singer" he swatted my shoulder playful giving me a mock scowl. "Hey, I can sing" "Babe, I've heard you belt out the lyrics to Grease and even though you know the song backwards you still sounded like cat in pain" "To be fair, last time that happened you did distract me and cause me some serious injury" "I'm pretty sure I made up for that" "Nah, don't remember it. Must not have been that good" smirking in the dim light he looked up at the celling, shuffling closer to him I slowly ran a finger along the waistband of his briefs smiling myself when I heard the little gasp he let out when I touched him. "Maybe I could give you a little reminder?" "That could be good" he barely got out, before I started kissing the nape of his neck, leaving a few marks across his left shoulder as I very, very slowly made my way down his bare chest. The next day I was in the staff room in between lessons for a quick mug of coffee so taking it back to my classroom, I sat at my desk and glanced at the piano and the guitar next to it. Was this all I wanted? Was this all I would get out of life before I settled down and grew old? Whipping out my phone as I had five minutes before my second class arrived, I flicked through my phone book and hit the call button. "Hello? Could I speak to Jean Roland, it's about the possibility of booking some studio time?" A/N: so this came out a lot sooner than I thought I would have it done, but when I started writing I just kept going in fact, as I write this I t is approaching half three in the morning here. That my friends is dedication, well thanks for reading and I'm open to suggestions as to whose POV the next chapter should be and who could throw a potential spanner in the works as a love rival for one of our boys? Until next time, bye!