A small sob burst from her lips and she covered her mouth with her hand. She tilted her head back when she had felt Emmett's hand on her shoulder and she blinked rapidly at the venom that had started to well-up uncomfortably in her eyes. More papers were signed and after taking a spare car seat from the home, they all reluctantly shook hands and thanked each other. Rosalie had coaxed Finley into being carried and Rosalie swore that her arms had been crafted to fit Finley perfectly. While she was shaking and frail, her small body was warm and soft, wrapped in a blanket to avoid the full feeling of Rosalie's ice cold skin. Finley was short and smaller than Rosalie had originally thought, but that was okay. Finley was hers and that's all that mattered. Emmett had installed the car seat easily and warmed Rosalie's heart by placing a gentle kiss on Finley's head that was burrowed in Rosalie's neck before he went to the driver's side. Rosalie had reluctantly placed Finley in her car seat and the blonde occupied the middle seat, sitting as close as possible. She rested her hand on Finley's arm and pressed her lips together, body shaking with suppressed sobs of joy. Finley didn't seem too impressed and she kept her eyes on her lap until Emmett turned on the heater which eventually lulled the child to sleep. "Tanya's going to kill us because we didn't stop by," Emmett announced. Rosalie's eyes never left Finley, "She'll get over it. Besides, we have more important stuff to do. I think we should stay in a hotel." "A hotel?" Emmett winced when Rosalie hushed him for the volume of his voice, "Sorry. You don't want to go straight home?" Rosalie patted Finley's arm affectionately, "Not yet. I know we'll be home soon, but it's still going to be a long drive for her and I'm sure she'd like to bathe and get in some new clothes." "Okay," Emmett agreed, "We'll find a hotel when we're a little closer. Call Jasper and tell him to work his magic on social services and whatnot." "I will," Rosalie promise, though she made no move to get her cellphone, "Em, we're parents," she suddenly breathed. Emmett grinned at her from the rear view mirror, "I know, babe. It's going to be a rough road." "I know," Rosalie tsked, "Poor baby. You have her file?" "Yeah," Emmett held it up, "Not much in it, though. Carlisle will have to look her over." Rosalie pressed her lips together, "They said she was violent, but she was fine with us." Emmett rolled his eyes heavily, "Those quacks don't know what the hell they're talking about! She's just a baby." Rosalie hummed her agreement. Beginning to stroke Finley's wispy hair. She was so sweet, so innocent and so aged. When she had been interrogated by Edward about raising a human child, he had asked if she would be able to handle watching Finley grow, age and eventually die since the blonde was so against vampirism. The answer had been yes. Because as messed up as it sounded, Rosalie wanted that for whatever child she adopted. She wanted them to grow up, get married, have children, then turn wrinkled and gray until it was time to pass on and hopefully, it would be peaceful. Of course, it would break Rosalie's heart when the time came, but as long as her child—Finley was happy, she would be happy. She hadn't really thought of the moment when the child she'd adopt questioned on why the Cullens didn't age, but Rosalie wasn't going to dwell on it. They'll cross that bridge when they get there. "What are you thinking so hard about back there?" Emmett inquired. "The future," Rosalie admitted. "Pfft," Emmett snorted, "What? Why? We don't have to worry about that," he waved a careless hand, "Everything is going to be great," he grinned widely, flashing white teeth; optimistic as always. Finley whimpered in her sleep, squirming. Immediately, Rosalie's hand smoothed over her forehead, pushing back wispy hair, Emmett's eyes darting to the rear view mirror, "Shhh, baby, it's all right. Shhhh. Em, turn down the heater, she's getting too hot," she lightly brushed her fingers repeatedly over Finley's chubby cheek. Just as Emmett reached over to turn down the heater, a bird slammed into the windshield. So fast, that it startled Emmett and he swerved as he cursed, getting the car straightened out a moment later. "Emmett!" Rosalie cried, holding her arm out to keep Finley from jostling. Emmett's eyes went frantically to the back, worried that he had disturbed Finley from her sleep. "She's fine," Rosalie reassured, "What did you hit?" "I didn't hit anything!" Emmett said, "Some suicidal bird hit the damn windshield," his eyes swept it, "I don't see any cracks or blood. It should be fine." Rosalie nodded and settled back against the expensive leather. Her eyes migrated back to Finley's cute little face. She slept soundly, unaware of the lethal speed that Emmett was driving. "We'll stop when she wakes and get her something to eat," Emmett decided. He grinned again, "Get this, babe: her foster parents says she won't eat meat . She always pushes it away, so I guess that makes her a… vegetarian ," he laughed at his own joke, "See, she does belong with us." ' I hope so ,' Rosalie thought, but it wasn't a thought she spoke aloud. A/N : Hello, all! After messing around with some plot bunnies, I decided to try another X-Men/Twilight story! Though, after much debating, I have also decided to switch fandoms. I will be writing for X-Men (movies), now and have already published a story called 'Searching For Equamity.' No fear, I will continue with this story and Meadow's as well. A big thanks to my Beta Reader Sabrina06 who helped tremendously. She always does. Go check out my X-Men story and give it some love. - TTMAS