she was wondering how often Edward followed her during her breaks. The class sat in silence for at least twenty minutes. It was weird, but Jacob came back eventually looking slightly disheveled. Surely, he didn't encounter Edward. Bella saw him take off, no way would her professor have been able to catch up to him the way that maniac drove. Maybe he had visited security on her behalf which was totally unnecessary, but kinda nice of him, she guessed. That still didn't explain his long absence or the way he looked. Bella had texted Charlie and he was pissed as hell. He was already in route to the Cullen's place with a deputy. She had no idea what was going to happen because of it. It did seem amusing to imagine pretty boy, Edward sitting in one of her father's jail cells. That would make her week and it was only Monday. "My sincerest apologies. I had a personal emergency." What? Personal? What a weird thing for him to say. He told them where to turn in their syllabus and proceeded to start lecturing, mainly highlighting items that would appear on the mid-term next class period. She promised herself she'd do better and pay more attention, but she was so damned distracted, it was ridiculous. She tried to wrap her head around the way he looked realizing Edward had attempted to accost her. How the hell did he know that anyway? He had never disappeared from their class for two minutes and today he left them hanging for twenty. It made absolutely no sense and she was stupid to get so flustered. She needed to concentrate, dammit. "Ms. Swan, can you please stay a minute. I need to speak with you." Angela looked shocked. She smirked and Bella rolled her eyes. All the other students filed out, grumbling about how hard this approaching exam was going to be. Bella approached his desk. "Yes." "I know this might seem a little unorthodox, but if he bothers you again, please contact me. My office number is in the syllabus, but here." He jotted down a phone number and slid it across his desk. Holy crap, her teacher just gave her his private cell number. She wasn't mistaken. He was into her. She couldn't get cocky or let on right away she was aware. "Yeah, well, not sure why you'd need to know, but thanks. My dad has it covered." "I know Charlie is very protective of you, but I go way back with the Cullens or at least my family does in a round about way. I will make certain he leaves you alone." "Yeah... about that." She was clearly being sarcastic. "Dad is on the way to their house. Hopefully, Edward will spend the night in jail. He broke the order." "Is this the first time?" Bella made an excuse that she had someplace to be. Mr. Black was on a fishing expedition for some reason, but she wasn't ready to be caught. She changed the subject. "Thanks for alerting campus security but I could've done that after class. I hope you like my paper. I worked really hard on this one." "I grade on content not like, but I'll give it the same consideration I always do." "Well, needless to say, I wasn't happy with my last grade. I think you grade quite harsh if I'm being completely honest." This was the longest she'd ever spoken with him. He casually leaned back in his chair and braced his head on his hands. "I somewhat understand that remark because I'm certain you're capable of so much more." He looked apprehensive after saying that and Bella prided herself as an excellent judge of character. Something was going on with her professor. She highly doubted he was normally awkward with women, but that's the only way she could describe the way he interacted with her. If he gave her one more bad grade, she was going to be sure to exploit his weakness. Late Thursday evening, Bella logged onto her school website. There was a chance her mid-term grades were posted to her blackboard but she might have to wait for class the next day. "That hateful bastard," Bella shut the laptop quickly. She'd made a high C on the exam part, but he gave her a 65 on her paper. The two things averaged her midterm to a 70. She was not a C student, ever. It was going to be hard to bring that up where she wanted it and forget keeping her 4.0 by the end of the semester. There were even more papers coming up the second half of the semester. She wished Mr. Black could meet her English professor who constantly complimented her writing skills. He obviously couldn't spot excellent writing if it jumped up and bit him on the ass. Things were getting ready to change. She hatched a fool-proof plan. Bella planned her proposal carefully which might turn into a full on seduction. She'd never carried anything that far, but there was something about Jacob Black that was pointing her in that direction. He liked her, not as a student obviously since he was treating her so poorly in the grade department, but she could not dismiss the looks which were more like leers. He also put out this strange protective vibe concerning Edward. She'd never had any guy act that way on her behalf. Truth be told, she enjoyed it, but she needed to stay the course. Bella had to gain the upper hand and she knew exactly how to go about it. He'd be putty in her hand and maybe, if she got lucky, Bella might have a little fun of her own in the process. ~Thanks for reading. I appreciate any thoughts or feedback you might have. I've had some trouble lately writing my chapters and feeling motivated. New story starts are kinda my crack. I get a boost from them usually. :)