them. After the class finished warming up, Ramona had line up for across the floor. "Chaines turns in groups of three," she said while the girls all quickly lined up. "Oh no," Sydney said in a worried voice, "I suck at chaines turns." "Just don't forget to spot, and focus on your lines," Helen assured her. The first group was unsurprisingly: Allie, Helen, and Sydney. Helen calmed herself down and focused on her spot, hoping that Syd wouldn't mess up. The counted to the music and begun, and they didn't even make it to halfway across the floor when Ramona had to walk with Sydney's pace and clap out the counts for her. While Allie and Helen reached the otherside, Ramona got steamed at Sydney. "Alison!" She called, "show O'dell how to do it properly!" Helen shot Allie's smug grin the evil eye. It wasn't even the end of class and Allie was already recieving all the praise. She then watched nervously as Allie preceded to condescendingly correct Sydney. They left class while being told to know the solo from The Ugly Duckling for tomorrow. Other than the mishap in Repertoire, the three girls did manage to have a pretty good first day, Helen was very smug when in Hip-hop, Sydney was called to the center front while Allie was corrected for having too stiff of an upperbody. Aggie was the best in Jazz as usual and knew everything in their acadmeic subjects, also as usual. Helen was surprised when in Pas des deux she was partnered with Des, the boy she ran into earlier, and Contemporary was one of her favorite classes because the teacher praised her artistic ability. The girls were actually a bit sad at the end of the day when they had to change back into their regualr clothes. "Other than Repertoire," Sydney said happily, "I actually had a good day today." "Yeah," Aggie assured her, "Jazz was the best." "I just can't believe we get to do this every day now," Helen said with a smile. "Don't make your little friends too comfortable, Helen," Allie said with a smirk, "if Fatty cake over there keeps it up, she won't make it past the semester." "Have you ever enjoyed being bitch-slapped with a pointe shoe?" Helen warned. "Why don't you try it and see what happens?" Allie dared with a sneer. "Just shup, Allie," Aggie said with a sharp tone like her mother's, "you're just jealous because Syd and I have a chance of beating you at something for once." "Oh, please," Allie scoffed, "the only reason you're good at Jazz is because of your background." The whole dressing room then went silent, "What did you just say?" Aggie said with a deep tone of hurt. "Jazz is natural for you because it's apart of your history," Allie stated. "Take that back, bitch," Helen spat while holding a pointe shoe as a warning. "I'm just calling it like it is," Allie tried to innocently, "it's her ethnicity , righ-" Without even thinking, Helen rose her shoe up and smacked Allie's nose with it. Allie was then hunched over, her nose dripping with blood. "Make another remark like that," Helen warned, "and I'll take your whole nose off, Alexander." In one week's time, results were posted upon down the hall near the changing rooms. Helen had also not been placed into detention with help from her Dad's threat at a lawsuit, and Allie had been told to attend time with the guidance counselor, lost all favor with Ramona, and had been given three weeks of detention. Classical Ballet: FIRST YEAR 1. ALEXANDER, Alison 2. HENDRICKS, Helen 3. VERMILLION, Grace 4. MARTIN, Lana 5. BECKER, Agatha 6. EDWARDS, Hanna 7. WALTON, Dana 8. DILLARD, Meghan 9. BARTON, Natasha 10. LEWIS, Clare 11. RICKONS, Maya 12. O'DELL, Sydney "Ha!" Allie laughed upon seeing the list, "I knew I'd be the best in Classical!" She walked away while her new minions, Lana and Grace stormed after her. Helen looked at Syd, expecting to see a look of despair, but instead she seemed fine, "the great thing about this, is that it means I know that I can improve more." "Well I'm number one in Jazz, Helen's is Contemporary, Syd is best in Hip-hop, and Allie is the worst in Hip-hop," Aggie said while finishing up reading the list. All three of the girls felt a strong sense of satisfaction as they realized that Allie had been placed the worst in something. "Miss Hendricks," Helen turned around to see a old looking man with a combover, "I'm Mr. Pruitt, I'm the Principal. I need to see you for a moment." Helen nodded and followed him toward his office, while her friends gave her a worried look. "Is there a problem, sir?" Helen asked nervously. Mr. Pruitt gave her a smile as they walked towards his office, "not at all, you've be selected." "B-by a patron?!" Helen asked, dazed. A new event for the Academy was for patrons to select students to sponser. It allowed someone to pay for all necessary fundings, have private meetings with the, and allowed the patron to watch classes. "Right in here," Mr. Pruitt motioned to the door. Helen gulped and opened the door. A single man was sitting elegantly in the Principal's chair, legs crossed and looked very pleased. He stood up, a cheery smile on his face as he came to greet me. He looked five-foot-ten, average bulid, nothing new at first, but then he seemed almost God-like in appearence, as if somebody had sculpted his features. His hair was jet black and long, his skin was translucent, almost like onionskin. What seemed off were his red eyes, Helen was undecided if she wanted them to real or fake, and in a sickening way, she felt pulled to him. "Hello, my dear," He said in a cheery and polite voice, "my name is Aro." HAPPY NEW YEAR! I hope you all like this chapter! R&R