really really like you," he joked. "Come on, my Mom's probably climbing the walls by now watching your offspring and your daughter is getting hungry in here. I need food." They started back towards the car, hand in hand so they could head back to Sue's to see Jackson and inform the others the not so shocking news. Sixteen years later Leah had to drop her daughter off at a meeting in the council hall. She was in a new group at school and they were going to be doing some community service projects. She went inside to check how long the meeting would last before heading back out to her car. As she was opening the door, she noticed a young woman. She looked lost and strangely familiar. It couldn't be, she told herself, but she couldn't drive away without having a closer look. "Excuse me, Miss, do you need some help?" she asked the beautiful young woman. The girl turned to face Leah full on and she knew her suspicions had to be true, but how? "Hi, um…" she wiped a tear or two from her eyes. "I was wondering where the cemetery was." "It's a little ways from here. I can show you. Did you drive?" "No, I took a cab, but it left already." "Oh, well...I'll be happy to take you. I have a few free hours." Leah introduced herself and started asking a few questions trying not to overwhelm the poor girl who already seemed emotional. "My name is Maria. I came here because I've been searching for my birth parents for over a year. My search led me here, but when I went inside with the names I had someone at the information desk say my parents passed away. Maybe you knew them. I'm still hoping it isn't true. Jacob Black, Bella Cullen? "Yes, I knew both of them and I'm very sorry, but it is true. Swan, by the way. She went by Swan, but maybe I can answer some of your questions. I actually was close to both of them." "Oh, okay, I can't believe I'm too late." she wiped her eyes some more. They made it to the cemetery and got out. Leah led Maria to the graves and let her have a moment to take it in. "Wow, they were both so young and almost two years to the day. What happened?" Leah tried to think of the best way to put it. This girl had obviously traveled great distances and her heart had already been broken. There was no need to crush it even more. "It was complicated. They both had some tough breaks and didn't cope well. I feel like they died of broken hearts." "Both of them?" "Yes." "Well, do you know if they loved one another?" "Most definitely, too much probably." "Oh, well...my Mom told me that a young woman had to give me up, but that she left a letter behind. It was anonymous. I use to read it constantly after I turned 16 when my Mom finally shared it with me. She admitted she accidently saw a name she wasn't supposed to see one day in the lawyer's office. She wrote it down: Isabella Marie Cullen. After I turned 18, I started a search. Recently, I was led to a family in Alaska, but when I contacted them a lady named, Rose told me Bella didn't live with them. I asked a few questions because I had found out Bella was married to a man named Edward Cullen. I assumed he might be my father, but Rose told me that I should look up the name Jacob Black from the La Push reservation." Leah had to know, "Did you have a good life? I know it must have worried Bella those few years. She regretted letting you go everyday." "Yes, my parents were good to me. They wanted a child for a very long time, but couldn't have one. I was an only child." "So was Bella." Maria looked back at the headstones again. "Do you believe in an afterlife?" "My people teach us that it's real, so yes I do." "I hope they're together." "I truly believe they are, Maria. I feel their presence right now. They are so proud of you. I'm positive. You look like the perfect combination of both of them, you know. I tell you what, if you want to swing by my house; I have a picture you should have." Leah came back out to the front yard with one of the copies they had made of the picture all those years ago. Maria studied it for a long time until the noise of an engine distracted her. Leah recognized her son coming up the driveway. He waved. "Who's that?" she asked. "That's my son, Jackson Quil Atera." "Handsome…" Maria commented. "Yes, he likes to think he's the most handsome, eligible bachelor in all La Push, but seriously, he's a great kid." "Hey, Jackson come over and meet my new friend." Jackson walked across the yard and approached his mother and Maria. "Maria, Jackson...Jackson, this is Maria." she introduced them. Maria held out her hand and Jackson held it. Leah saw him make eye contact with the beautiful girl. She took a few steps back when she realized what was happening. She never would have dreamed that would have occurred, but as she continued to watch her son completely lost in the gaze of Bella and Jake's only daughter; fate proved to be more powerful than any other force on earth. She continued to make her gradual exit so they could have their privacy. She turned towards the sky and made the comment, "Jacob and Bella, somehow you've convinced me that two wrongs can finally make a right. I promise, I'll take care of her. She's family now." **The end** Thanks so much if you managed to make it through to the end. As always, thanks for reading.