as Kitty, but somehow, the two made the friendship work. "We'll talk on the phone all the time," she promised, "I'll let you know if I see any cute boys in Forks." Kitty laughed through her tears, "O-okay." "This totally bites!" Evan moaned, "C'mon man, who else is gonna board with me?" Meadow perked up, "I bet I can come back during the summer. It won't be long. Apparently, it's important that I move schools for three months," she quipped sarcastically. "It won't be so bad," Jean promised, grabbing Meadow's hand and pulling her down the stairs, "Try to have a better attitude. Think of it as an opportunity to learn and grow." Meadow hid a snicker when Rogue scoffed and rolled her eyes. She knew how her best friend felt about the redhead. It was a strained relationship. "You'll always have a place here," Scott said with a grin, "Your room will remained untouched." "Unless I get cold at night and need an extra blanket," Kitty chirped. "Go for it," Meadow smiled and then bounced over to Rogue who was twirling her white bangs around a black-gloved finger. Meadow sighed dramatically and met eyes with Rogue, "I think I'll miss you most of all, Scare- "Cute," Rogue snapped, her accent thick. She rolled her eyes again, "Obviously Ah can't hug yah, but Ah got yah somethin'. Kahnd of. Here." Meadow's eyes widened at the worn out paperback. It was Rogue's copy of ' Dracula .' "Why would you give me this?" she questioned softly. "If yah don't want it then give it back!" Rogue snapped. "I didn't say that!" Meadow snapped back. She winced and did her best to calm Rogue down, reaching out and placing her hand on Logan's shoulder to keep herself steady, "I love it Rogue, really I do. Thank you." Rogue's shoulders relaxed and she nodded stiffly, "Yer welcome, Ah guess..." Meadow returned the nod, knowing that was as emotional as Rogue was going to get. "One more thing, Emp," Logan said, using her abbreviated code name. He pulled something out of his pocket, "Think fast." Meadow caught it with one hand easily and she smiled at the cold piece of technology. It was a sleek black cellphone. Much like she had seen the guys and Rogue carry. "I told them you didn't like pink," Evan piped up, clapping Meadow's shoulder. Meadow turned to smile at him, "Thanks for having my back, Spyke." "And all of our numbers are programmed into it," Scott told her, "The house phone is on speed dial." "This is the best," Meadow could feel herself getting emotional and she pocketed the device, "Thanks, guys." More hugs and parting words were passed around and just as Meadow pulled away from Jean, Logan cleared his throat, his watch beeping obnoxiously. "Ready to go, Emp?" he asked. "No," Meadow said, turning to him, "I'm not ready." But even with that answer, Meadow knew that she had to be. After saying more goodbyes and hugs, she reluctantly followed Logan out to the car. "You have a sister!?" Alice cried. Bella nodded sheepishly. She occupied one of the couches of the Cullen home, while Carlisle looked over her leg and other injuries. Hopefully, she'd be able to get the cast off soon and transition to the boot. Then she'd be able to actually walk without stumbling over her crutches and falling down all the time—more than usual. "Her name's Meadow," she said. Emmett wrinkled his nose, "Meadow?" "My mom was going through a hippie phase at the time," Bella explained with a sigh, "I think she goes by Doe now? I'm not sure." "Why did you never tell me this?" Edward demanded, looking hurt. Bella shrugged, "It never came up. She's...away at some special school and has lived there since she was twelve or thirteen." "You don't like her," Jasper said. It was a statement, not a question as he picked up on her emotions. Bella's face flushed, "I don't know her well enough. We never talk. She doesn't talk to anyone in the family, really. Maybe Charlie sometimes?" "So, she's estranged?" Carlisle asked, with a smile "It will be nice, then. To reconnect?" "I hope so," Bella sighed, "Charlie's excited, but I don't think Meadow is." "We'll make her feel welcome," Alice clapped her hands, "Don't fret, she'll love it here." Edward's eyes flicked over to his favorite sister, but Alice pretended not to notice, a large smile plastered on her elfin face. "You two have the same birthday?" Alice asked hopefully. "No she's sixteen," Bella said, "Her birthday is in October. The twenty-second." "Do you look similar?" Esme asked, watching Alice who was already party-planning in her head. "I look more like my mother," Bella mumbled, picking at a thread on the couch, "But Meadow looks like both our parents. Her hair is curly, she has blue eyes, and she's shorter than me." "A sister," Edward mumbled, "And you waited all this time to tell me…?" "It wasn't a secret," Bella defended, "We haven't talked in three years. She sort of slipped my mind, but it will be nice to have her around. Another girl in the house," she smiled then, "We're picking her up at the airport, tomorrow." Emmett grinned, his arms around Rosalie's waist, "If she's as clumsy as you, then she's welcome here anytime!" Bella flicked her eyebrows up in response, leaning her head on Edward's shoulder. She could feel him tense underneath her and reached down to intertwine their fingers, giving his hand a squeeze. She didn't have to be a mind reader to know that he was worried about Meadow's arrival, wondering if her scent would be as strong and appealing as Bella's own. A/N : I've never written a story on here . I'm usually on FictionPress , but I thought I would give it a shot! I hope you enjoy the story and please review. A big thanks to my Beta Reader Sabrina06 who helped tremendously.