in the other. The nametag pinned to her collar read 'Kim'. "Hello," she said cheerfully, "my name's Kim and I'll be your server. What can I get you to drink?" I looked up and returned her smile. "Hi," I said. "We'll have two waters, please, and the munchkin will have a bowl of Mac n' Cheese and I'd like a cheeseburger with French fries." "Will that be all?" I glanced at Ali. She nodded and went back to studying her cards. "For now," I said looking back at Kim with a smile. "Alright," she said. "That'll be out in a minute." "Thanks." "You know," she said after a beat, "you look really familiar but I haven't seen you in here before I don't think." I shrugged. "We just moved back," I explained. "We've been gone for a couple of years but now that I've finished college I'm back to take over my grandparent's business." "What business?" Kim wanted to know. "Ravenwing Books," I said. Kim blinked then her eyes went wide. "Dakota?" she breathed. I nodded. "Yeah," I said sheepishly. "Kota, it's me, Kim." Now it was my turn to stare. Last time I had seen Kim Porter she was a gangly little sophomore. I'd tutored her in Geometry my senior year. She was one of those extremely sweet but very shy girls more comfortable with homework than people. We'd gotten along really well and in exchange for my tutelage I'd gotten her to watch Ali every once in a while. "Kim?" Kim nodded happily. "Oh my gosh! Kim you look great. How long has it been?" "Five years," Kim said happily. "That long? Wow!" I turned to Ali. "Alivia," I said, "this is my old friend Kim Porter; she used to babysit you when you were little." Ali smiled up at Kim. "Hi," she said with a grin. Kim smiled back. "Hi," she said. "You've gotten so big, Ali. And you're so pretty, just like your mom." Kim smiled at me and I blushed. "Well, I've got to get your order in but you and I have to catch up soon." I nodded. "Definitely. You have to tell me all the local gossip." "Sounds great." Kim ripped a bit of paper form her notepad and scribbled some numbers down. "Call me and we'll grab lunch," she said handing me the paper. "Will do." I tucked the phone number into my pocket. Kim smiled at us one more time and walked into the kitchen. Ali looked at me curiously. "Who was that?" I shook my head. "That was Kim. Like I said, she used to babysit you sometimes. I tutored her in Geometry." "Geometry?" "Math with shapes," I clarified. "Oh. She seemed nice." "Kim is very nice." "Are you going to have lunch with her?" I looked back to where Kim had disappeared. I couldn't put my finger on it but there had been something different about her, something not quite normal. "Probably," I said. Kimberly Anne Porter ran into the Uley residence screaming at the top of her lungs for Paul Lahote. Jared Cameron, her Imprint, boyfriend, and one-day husband, jumped to his feet. "Kim!" He cried, running to her side. "What's wrong? What happened?" "Where's Paul?!" "I'm right here!" Kim whirled. A tall man, way over six feet, exited the bathroom off the living room. His soft black hair was cut short and his chocolate eyes were wide with curiosity as he looked at Kim. "She's back!" "What?" Paul asked. "Who's back? Kim talk slower." Kim took a deep breath but the flush on her tan cheeks and sparkle in her brown eyes didn't fade. "You'll never guess who I just ran into at the diner. Dakota Ravenwing! She just moved back to take over Ravenwing Books!" Every creature in the house froze. Even the annoying mosquitoes stopped buzzing. Jared didn't even dare to breathe. Dakota Ravenwing. Everyone in the pack knew the story. Damn that bitch , Jared thought furiously. Their Graduation Day, as she's crossing the stage, Paul looks into her eyes for the first time ever and he Imprints. He tries to find her after the ceremony but can't so he goes to her house the next day only to learn from her grandfather that she and her two-year-old daughter are gone and he doesn't know exactly where. Cue a heart broken Paul. Granted it was only a half Imprint because the girl was completely oblivious to the bond but still, Paul hadn't been the same. The assurances of Dakota's grandparents that she would come back were only comforting because Mitchell Ravenwing had the Sight, one of his gifts as the tribe's Medicine Man. So Paul dealt with the pain and after a few years, in combination with all the drama with the Cullens, he had managed to forget, sort of. Sure there were occasional bouts of moodiness and the irrationally short temper but he had gotten better... "Paul," Jared said as calmly as he could, "just take a deep breath." But Paul was nowhere near even the idea of calm. He was shaking all over, muscles rippling beneath his skin. "Kim, go to the kitchen," Jared said, attention focused on Paul. Kim didn't hesitate. She wasn't stupid and while scars worked for Emily she seriously doubted she could pull them off. Jared grabbed Paul by the arm and dragged his fellow wolf-man outside, only relinquishing his grip when they were a safe distance from the little yellow house. Paul hadn't stopped shaking since Kim said Dakota's name. His eyes were wild, pupils dilated. Jared took several hasty steps back as Paul's body began to contort, shift, and change. There was a loud ripping noise and shreds of cloth that had once been Paul's khaki shorts floated down to the ground like snow. Before Jared could phase too Paul turned his fluffy dark gray tail and bolted into the woods. Jared stared after him, lost at what to do. In the distance a wolf howled.