he will suffer in his heated car while you walk home freezing your ass off. Shut up. "Bella, please. It's freezing at least let me drive you home." After about five more minutes of ignoring him I finally comply. I can't feel my fingers by the time I step into the seemingly toasty car. Ok I might have gotten into the car but that doesn't mean I'm going to talk to him. The ride home is filled with silence and the tension is so thick between us you can probably cut through it. He pulls up at my house and I get out without a single word. Charlie's car isn't in the drive way. He is probably over at Billy's. Keys! I just remember. Great where did Charlie put the emergency key again? "Bella?" Edward is out the car and walking towards me. Snow has just started to fall softly and I see his breath in the air as he says my name. "Bella I just…" he runs his hand through his coppery hair. Something he always does when he is nervous. "Just what Edward? " I can feel my anger start to boil within me again. A cold snow flake lands on the tip of my nose and I automatically wrap my arms around me. "Here." Edward says and shrugs off his jacket. "I don't want it. I would rather freeze." I stare at him defiantly. I will not take his jacket even if I really need it. "You are so stubborn Bella, you know that?" He says, his voice starting to rise. "Me, stubborn!" Ok I was but he has no right to say so. "Yes, Bella you are. You never notice the things around you, you would never notice if someone even liked you because you are just so damn ignorant." He tries to keep his voice steady but I can see his eyes flash with anger. I can always tell what Edward was feeling and vice versa. I guess that's one of the reasons why I love him. But now I was angry. "Well…I…I…just..." Come on Bella say something. I think. "Well… fuck you Edward!" That came out of nowhere, but it feels so good to say. "What?" Oh no, now he's angry, but so am I. "You heard me," I say crossing my arms. "Fuck you!" He makes an audible sound of annoyance as he runs both his hands through his hair in exasperation. I have never seen Edward so angry before. The closest I remember to him being this mad was when Mike Newton grabbed my ass and tried to force a kiss on me. Edward had come over and broke Mike's nose. But that was about a tenth of the anger Edward now possessed and I have to admit it made him look quite sexy. He turns to look at me, snow falling delicately on his hair like a halo. His anger is somewhat diminished now. "Bella, ever since you moved here six years ago you are all I think about constantly. I dream about you." He raises his hands as if to run them through his hair but stops and shoves them in his pocket. I can tell this is difficult for him to say. "I liked you the first minute I saw you. You were different to every other girl, never afraid to be yourself. That's what I love most about you Bella. After being your friend for a year I knew I was in love with you but I was so nervous to tell you how I really felt about you because I thought you only wanted to be my friend. It has killed me for years now being so close to you and never being able to hold you and kiss you like I actually want to, having our friends always say what a great couple we would make, but I don't because to me I would rather go through all this pain everyday just to be next to you than never having you in my life at all." It is as if a bomb has exploded. Does Edward really feel that way? So many questions are racing through my mind, but I am still hurt. "I put myself out there today Edward and what I feared most happened. If you loved me why have you never shown me? If you do love me then why don't you show me?" my voice has risen to a shout again. Tears are stinging the backs of my eyes. "You want me to show you?" his voice has risen again too. "Yes! But it doesn't matter anyway because…" the words died on my lips as Edwards's mouth crashes down onto mine. He kisses me with so much force and I return it. His lips are soft but hard as he kisses me hungrily as if he. It is like pure ecstasy traveling through every one of my nerves. His hands come up to my hair and he removes my hair band letting my hair fall down my back. He pulls away to look at me and we both breathe heavily. "Never change anything about you. Except maybe let your hair down, it looks good on you like that." He breaths and leans down to kiss me softly tangling his hands in my hair. "So, what happens now?" I ask him sitting on his car with his jacket around me. He looks at me and somehow I love him even more. "Well," he says and hugs me closer to him, "I guess tomorrow I'll announce to the whole world that I have an amazing girlfriend." He puts his hands on either side of my face. "And you still are my best friend." He brings his face closer to mine and kisses me and I can't help but giggle as I kiss him back. Well there it is, what do you think? I hope you enjoyed reading it. Please review. And happy holidays! :)