with long brown, flowing hair in a blue dress was walking by our table. Without even being able to see her face, I stood up, in hopes it was Bella. When the woman turned, and I caught a glimpse, I realized it was not her. The woman in the blue dress reminded me of seeing Bella strolling along the beach that morning. I had wanted to emerge right out of that ocean water and descend on her but was too captivated with admiring her beauty and form from afar. It had been so long since I had seen her that I chose to admit to himself, I was too taken by her, too caught up in the moment. It felt too surreal as I sat on that rented old yellow surfboard, the waves of the ocean all around and under me, bobbing me up and down as I remembered every word we had said to each other the night before. From the tender ending to thinking back how she erroneously thought I was the one marrying Rosalie. "Ha!" I had laughed to myself with a shaking of my head, just as Bella caught sight of me in the water. I had waved to her, and she waved back just before I was overtaken by a rough wave. "It doesn't matter, anyway," Edward interrupted their side notes. "I would have never been interested in her. All I see is Bella. All I think about is Bella." "So then what's the plan, bro, because I'm pretty sure she's not going to just show up here looking for you." The lights above them had a slow flash to them, changing from tones of blue to tones of purple. Edward mused over the suggestion. Wouldn't that be convincing if she did? "What was the deal with Jasper from national accounts? He's quite handsome," Rosalie asked. "Him. Yeah. He's the one I told you two about before, how I had met him back at the conference in Atlanta, when I first spotted Bella in the picture at the company's booth. He was friendly enough and offered up some details to me. He made it easy to keep in touch with him once the conference was over, especially on Facebook, and I gradually built up to bringing up Bella. I thought they were just friends, but when I saw the interaction between them, I got a little . . . " "Jealous?" Rosalie asked with a snicker. "No!" I denied though my face contorted in a way that showed very little patience with Rosalie. "I was going to say thrown . It threw me a bit. I admit." "So dude ," Emmett started, knowing I don't like him calling me that, "you think Jasper's into her?" "Ha! Follow him on social media and you'll see Jasper is into a lot of women. I talked to him afterward. He said he was confused when he saw Bella and I out on the deck together. That wasn't part of the plan. I was supposed to say hello to her just to feel her out over one drink but not hang out with her on the deck. Then of all things, she's the one who brought up the blind date he was trying to set us up on and he didn't know what to say. " I took a drink and shook my head. "I don't think he'd turn her away if she showed up at her door at 2 am drunk and desperate, but what I don't know is if she'd turn him away. There was just a familiarity in how she looked at him with those trusting eyes." "And you want her to look at you that way, don't you? So why don't you ask her?" Rosalie suggested. "I would but communication has been a little difficult," I deadpanned. "And so I have to resort to other measures, so I know once and for all." I took a long pull from my drink, finishing it, and waved the waitress over, ordering another round. "What are you going to do?" Emmett posed. "Well first, I'm going to get through my bachelor party duties this Friday night. Then Saturday morning I'll be on a plane back to California for that blind date. I'm going to set up a situation where Bella thinks both Jasper and I are interested in her and see what she does." "Edward really? Do you have to go through all that? Why would you do that?" Rosalie asked. ¨Isn't it obvious? I may be infatuated with her, but my ego wants to know she wants me too. I want her to choose me.¨ The waitress set three drinks down, and each of us lifted our glasses. Emmett proposed the toast, "Edward, I never took you to be so full of self-doubt when it comes to women, but if this is what you need to do, then here's to scheming!" ~x~ The Day of Emmett & Rosalie's Wedding Emmett looked over to his left. "And now, it's time for the best man's speech. Edward, brother dearest, there's no one else I could have asked to be my best man. You truly are the best man I know, and I'm so happy to let you talk. Oh, and it's without a doubt awesome that you brought your lovely date tonight, Bella. Hi Bella, so glad you could come to our wedding," Emmett said with a huge grin. With that Rosalie flashed a smile Bella's way and gave her a little wave. Bella tilted her glass of champagne in the air toward them. The lines across Edward's forehead became prominent as well as the dimples in his cheeks, as he touched his forehead to hers and kissed her lightly on the nose. The smile on Edward's face was wider than any smile he had ever worn and complimented his tux. He stood up, taking the microphone Emmett was holding out to him and began his speech. The End