probably only slightly more, and he could only blunder about, not knowing the name of his own temporary house keeper. "Of course, Ms. Louisa," he laughed awkwardly. He cleared his throat. "Thank you…" "Miss Isabella Swan, and there's nothing to thank me for. I only wish to be as welcoming as possible, Mr.…" she smiled. Miss, not married! Edward celebrated internally. "Edward Masen," he replied. "It's a pleasure," she answered conventionally. "The pleasure is all mine," he said, and he meant it. He might have thought upon seeing her in the street that no aspect of her could be lovelier than her appearance, and then he tasted her food. Surely this, he thought after the first bite, is her greatest virtue. And then they began to converse. And she was smart. He had never felt lighter (despite the added weight of all the food he consumed, which was a great deal) than the evening he spent with her. But once she exited the house, doubt began to creep into his mind. Beautiful girls never liked him. The ones that could cook on top of their fine figures and lovely faces were sure to be snapped up quickly. But witty, polite, thoughtful, chef-esque, drop dead gorgeous girls, well, he knew for a fact that they were rare. He was sure every single man in the world must be searching high and low for just such a woman. And one had stumbled into his lap. That was very fortunate, but it begged the question, what chance did a man (he often wondered if the term should be applied to him) like him have of keeping her. Very little seemed to be the only answer. Either way, he was going to try his damnedest. "I have had a most pleasant evening, Mr. Masen, however, the light is going fast and I must walk myself home," Bella sighed regretfully as she gathered her skirts to stand. Their stimulating conversation had been so enjoyable to both to the pair that they had no choice, but to lengthen the evening by playing cards in the parlor after supper. "Oh, but Ms. Swan I couldn't let you walk home this late at night. The sun will have set before you are half way there," Edward objected. "'Tis not a long walk. My home is but around the bend," Bella explained as she moved toward the door. Edward followed her anxiously into the front room. "Really, it would be no trouble at all to lend you my carriage. I shudder to think of you walking home alone at this time, when any trouble might find you unawares," he argued. "There is no need to fret. Trouble here is far more uncommon than in London, I suspect. You must not trouble yourself," she smiled gently and allowed Louisa to open the door for her and wrap her in her cloak. She stepped half out the door when Edward caught her elbow. He did not hold her very tightly, and it was only over the cotton of her dress, but none the less it was impolite and unexpected. Bella turned back and looked at his hand with widened eyes. "My apologies," he said, drawing back his hand quickly and clasping it with his other hand, as if to keep it in check. "Please, Ms. Swan, put my mind at ease and take the carriage home. I shall not miss it in the least and I would be ever so pleased to know you were safe in your brief trip," he pleaded. His eyes implored her more effectively than any words as he looked at her so intensely. She could see his worry was genuine, and his offer was not one of courtesy. "How persuasive you are, Mr. Masen," she sighed, but it was with a gentle smile. "If you insist," she allowed. "I do, most ardently," he answered with relief. "Ms. Louisa, would you kindly ask Mr. Roberts for the carriage to be readied for Ms. Swan?" "Of course, sir," she curtsied and exited. Bella smiled at Edward with hope in her heart. He seemed awfully concerned about her. Is there a chance…? Don't be silly, she berated herself mentally. A gentleman like him wouldn't fancy a girl like her in a thousand years, or so she thought. What a night! What a night! Edward thought in exaltation as he led Bella to the carriage he had so pushed her to take. Bella turned to him and offered a slightly sad smile and a dainty curtsey. Edward had never been very adept at reading other's emotions, but he saw the sadness in Bella quickly. He answered her curtsey with a quick bow and extended his hand to help her into carriage. His hand tingled with the excitement of touching her soft skin. When she was settled, he released her hand and stepped away from the carriage. She grew farther and farther from him with every creak of the wheels, but he could still feel the tingles from his palm to his finger tips. He didn't know why she had looked so sad for a moment. It puzzled him, like most things regarding women. It was one of the best nights of his life; had she not felt the same? She sighed and looked down at her hand as it continued to feel his warmth long after it was gone. Why did he have to be so wonderful? Or, a better question, perhaps, was why could she not be more suited to him? She settled into the seat that smelled suspiciously wonderful and imagined that she were curled up against him. "Tune your television to any channel it doesn't receive and about 1 percent of the dancing static you see is accounted for by this ancient remnant of the Big Bang. The next time you complain that there is nothing on, remember that you can always watch the birth of the universe." ― Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything