laughing again. " What? How ?" but he didn't answer me, instead Jared asked his question again, more annoyed this time. " No, why would I know anything like that? I thought you couldn't talk about them to anyone outside of the tribe?" " Look at your feet ." When I looked down I saw a pair of dark gray paws where my hands should be. What the fuck . I started freaking out, my mind racing faster than I could process. " Woah calm down now, let us tell you everything so you understand ." And so they did, each of them explaining some part of being a wolf. Paul talked about what triggers made us change and why we change; to protect the tribe from vampires- fucking vampires! Jared's thing was that we couldn't tell anyone, not even my father. They both talked about our 'powers', like our enhanced hearing, sight, sense of smell, hearing each other's thoughts in wolf form and our super strength and speed. They said that no other female has phased ever; and that I'm the only person not blood related to anyone in tribe. "We should take her to Sam's" Jared groaned, "Do we have to? I mean don't you think it'd be too much?" "Who's Sam?" "Our Alpha, he's not the warmest person to be around." Paul and Jared's memories of Sam floated in my head, he stood tall with his shoulders back. His hair was braided back, and long, very long. He face gave away no emotion, but his features were older, stronger than the others. His words were spoken sharply and to the point, no fluff, no bullshit, just speaking what needs to be said and nothing else. He helped the pack but didn't try to get to know them, his orders were set in stone but Paul and Jared were alone with what to do most of the time. "So what, Jared? It's his pack, he needs to teach her. We can do the basics but we need our alpha." "Fine, but if she cries it's on you." Sam's house was… different. It sat on the edge of the town, hidden from the main rode behind a wall of trees. The two storied house was very large, larger than any house I've seen since I came here. Sam must have heard us coming because he stood outside waiting for us. "Paul, phase back." An order. Paul was naked when we phased back but that didn't bother him. "Who is this? Why didn't you call for me as soon as you noticed the change begin?" another order. I wonder if he ever asks and doesn't order. "It's… Bella Swan, you know chief Swan's daughter." Sam nodded. "As for your other question… I don't know. She was about to phase when we found her. We're lucky she didn't phase in front of anyone." "Bella, phase back." My bones cracked again and suddenly I was human again. I looked up in amazement, I was naked, but I couldn't find it in myself to care. "Wh- what is this? What's happening to me?" "It's a great honor to be a protector of the tribe." "Yes I know but I'm not part-" "Of the tribe, I understand; but as a protector you are. I'll be sure to put you in the books. Once you're ready to go back to school you'll go to the school on the reservation. You'll start patrols tomorrow at 2, don't be late." That was it. That was all he said before walking back into his house. I was left alone with Jared and Paul 20 feet from Sam's front door. "See Jared, nothing bad happened." Jared phased back. "Not yet." "What do I do now?" "Go back home, eat something, and then come back here at two for patrols. Everything will be fine. Come on, let's get you come clothes and get you home." With one last glance at Sam's house, I followed Jared back to my house. I had never been happier for my back door to open up to the forest. It was still early, 2 in the afternoon maybe. The boys grabbed some shorts on the way back but that didn't help me. I ran up to my room to find something to wear. I found that even my longest pants didn't pass my ankle. I settled with what now are capris and a long shirt. I was dying in the heat. But I also didn't want to appear abnormal. I shouldn't be used to the cold enough to wear shorts and a tank top. I was from Arizona, not Alaska. This wasn't normal. But I guess turning into a giant dog is. I brushed out my long hair; I had a feeling I'd have to cut it short. I wonder if Sam will make me or if it'll be something I want out of comfort. Sam didn't cut his hair, but the two other boys did. "Jared!" I yelled down stairs. "Yeah?" "Do I have to cut my hair?" I walked in to the kitchen. Paul was cooking… something and Jared was sitting at the table. "You don't have to. But it's more comfortable this way. The hair length on the wolf is in relation to your hair length. After tonight you should know if you want to or not. Sam didn't obviously, but he's also the chief, it's looked down upon to cut ones hair if you're high up in the tribe." "But you guys are protectors? Isn't that high up in the tribe?" "It's not the same. The tribe thinks very little of us. They think we're Sam's charity case. Of course the council knows about us, but no matter what they say it won't change people's views on us. My mom even thinks I'm doing drugs or something. If only she knew, if only they all knew." "I'm sorry…" "It's alright. You need to eat something. Paul looks to be about done."