lame generic lines. I was shaking when I knocked on the door, clasping my hands in front of me to try and stop the shaking. The door was answered not by the person I really wanted to see, but her brother Emmett. " Hi Rosalie" " Hello Emmett, is Alice in?" he opened the door wider and crossed his arms as he leaned against the door frame. " She should be home soon, she had her yearbook thingy, a meeting or something equally dull. Why don't you come in?" he stood to the side and I shrugged unclasping my hands. " Sure, thanks" " No problem, you want a drink? Mom made some lemonade earlier" " Sounds good" nodding he led the way to the kitchen, it wasn't as if I didn't know my way round the house, I did spend the majority of my time round here anyway, even more so recently. He poured us drinks and handed one to me, I took a sip and sighed, everything here was so normal. I wanted that. I wanted dull and mundane. " Are you alright Rosalie?" I had wrapped my arm round my middle as the part where I had been hit near my ribs was feeling very tender, I must have winced for he looked worried. " Yeah, I'm fine" how many times had I said that word? 'fine' I've said it so many times, it's just meaningless now. " Why do I not believe that?" he walked round the kitchen so he was standing next to me. " I don't care if you believe it or not" " Then why are you lying?" I didn't know what to say to him. " Rose, I've known you for two years, how could I not tell when you're lying" " How can you tell?" " you look down and press your lips together" I looked up at him and his eyes, his eyes that were very blue were looking right at me. This was my best friends' older brother, older in the sense that he could get any girl he wanted. " How do you know that?" " You're interesting" he shrugged like it was nothing. "For some reason you don't get a headache from listening to Alice's constant yapping. You always have a group of boys drooling over you, but it's not because you give out or wear short skirts. You're smart and you have the best insults ever, when you in an argument or defending your friends" " I'm not that interesting really" interesting wasn't the word I'd use, 'in need of therapy' even 'damaged' but he made it sound like I was this amazing girl, who could do no wrong. "I can be bitchy and moody" " You don't take any crap" " A loudmouth" " You say what's on your mind" I narrowed my eyes at him, as he took another step closer. " Why do keep doing that?" " What?" " Defending me" he was silent for a while. "What makes you so sure that I'm not just some head case?" " You care too much" when I didn't say anything he took that as his cue to continue. "I've seen the way you defend Bella when the girls like Lauren and Jessica, take the mick out of her because she rather read a book than vogue. The way you reel in Alice, when she goes off on a tangent and goes away with the fairies, you care so much...why is that a bad thing?" " Because people can misuse that, because it makes you weak" I spoke in a low voice and I looked down, not wanting to look into those eyes and see that idealised version of me. " You are one of the strongest people I know" " No. No, I'm not" shaking my head he placed his hand under my chin, stopping my head from moving and forcing me to look at him. I didn't like it, it felt like he was trying to control me, that was until his lips were on mine. I don't know who made the first move but there we were, our lips moving against each other's in perfect synchronisation. His hands went to my back, holding me close to his chest in his embrace, my hands went up his arms, round his neck, tangling in his curly brown hair. " You are also a very good kisser" I felt the smile against my lips and in response I kissed him again, his hands going to the hem of my shirt and slowly inching higher. My eyes flying open I shot up, my heart beat faster from the memory of my sixteen year old self and Emmett. I could have sworn I could still feel the touch of his lips, the heat of his skin, shaking my head I got out of bed and walked into the kitchen, getting a glass of water to cool me down. Looking at the time I saw that it was time to get up, I remembered the beginning of the memory, my father my hand went to my left shoulder, just on the front barely visible unless you were looking for it was a small circular scar. The flesh there was paler and smoother, it always reminded me of my father, as he had been the one to put it there. Closing my eyes for a moment and dropping my hand, I took a few deep breaths before getting out of bed and getting ready to go see my father. A/N: so any thought so far? It's a little all over the place but it will soon come together over the next few chapters. I am a couple of months into my undergraduate course, so I may not be able to post ever week, it will be more like every fortnight. I would love to hear your negative or positive as long as it is constructive, thank you for reading.