Leah and sue released twin sighs of relief. They had enough going on without the added risk of incest. "But what of Embry?" Billy asked, "Leah said he reacted to her scent in the same way Seth did." "Well," the old man said, pausing to take a long sip of his lemonade, "I have two theories on that. Either Embry is Harry's illegitimate son, or-" "He is not ," Sue said with a bite in her tone and a fire in her eyes that Leah hadn't seen since her father passed. Though the subject was taboo, everyone in La Push knew that Tiffany Call claimed to not know who her son's father was, but those in on the werewolf secret knew that, since Embry was able to phase, his father had to have been either Sam's, Quil's, Jacob's or Leah and Seth's fathers. "I can't speak for anyone else's husband," Sue continued, with a pointed look at Billy, which he met with one of his own, "But mine would have never cheated on me." and just like that, the fire was gone, and Sue was back to the pleasantly vacant woman she was before. Old Quil placed a hand on Sue's thigh. "I'm not saying he did, Sue, I was just throwing the option out there. Option two is that he's gay. If the boy has no interest in women, then neither will his wolf." They all looked at Leah, knowing that her and Embry were close, for an answer. "I don't see how that's any of your business," she said defensively, which pretty much gave them their answer. Fuck. She would have to warn Embry and apologize before this came out, no pun intended. "Well, that's settled," Old Quil said dismissively, though Leah could tell how much he couldn't wait to tell his poker buddies all about it. The old man gossiped like a school girl, it a miracle he hasn't blabbed about the pack to the whole reservation. "As a female wolf, the males, excluding Seth and Embry, will want to mate with you. The alpha male has first pick of the females, or female in this case, so..." He drifted off to let Leah fill in the blanks, and her heart sank when she did. She was finally over Sam, well, she over wanting to be with Sam, the bitter feeling of rejection had yet to fade, and now she was expected to mate with him? Wasn't being stuck in his pack and having his disgusting thoughts about Emily in her head enough? "So I have to... mate , with him whether I want to or not? Isn't that called rape?" Old Quil shook his head. "The longer you are in heat the more aroused you will feel, and the more your scent will affect your pack mates. Your inner wolf will need to mate, and her needs will cloud your judgment. Your wolf will seek out, and only accept the strongest male in the pack to breed with her, and Sam will be more than happy to oblige." Leah's heart stopped at the word 'breed', but before she could question it, Billy spoke. "You're forgetting something, Quil, Sam isn't the true alpha, Jacob is. If Sam tries to claim Leah, Jacob will challenge him, and if Jacob challenges him-" "Sam will lose," Leah finished for him. The first thought she had was that she'd much rather be claimed by Jake than Sam. The second thought was how stupid the first was, because no one owned Leah Clearwater. "So, what now? What the hell am I supposed to do now?" The three looked at each other, before silently agreeing that Sue should take the lead. "Well, sweetheart, you can either accept this and go find Jacob right now. He'll take over as alpha, and stake his claim to the rest of the pack. Or, you can try to avoid the other wolves for the next 21 days. And if you manage it, you'll have to do it again the next time you go into heat. The choice is yours, and we'll support you no matter what." Leah thought hard. Realistically, submitting to Jake would be the best option. The reservation was only so big, she was bound to run into one of the pack eventually. And even if she did manage to avoid them, how many heat cycles could she make it through before her luck ran out? But her heart was telling her to fight this shitty situation with everything she had. Leah's made it 20 years without being a quitter, she'd be damned if she started now. "I'm not gonna be claimed by anyone because I don't want to. I don't give a rat's ass what my inner wolf wants or needs because it's not the one in control here, I am. I'm not an animal, even if I am forced to turn into one." Leah turned and walked upstairs to her bedroom, slamming her door when she got there. She shoved her headphones into her ears to drown out the voices talking about her behind her back. She thought about calling Embry, but decided against it. She'd see him tomorrow. She thought about packing a bag and going... anywhere else , but knew that the 300 bucks in her pickle jar wouldn't last her 3 days with the amount of food she ate. She decided to go to bed early, and deal with this shit-storm in the morning. "21 days, Leah," she told her self, "you just have to last 21 days ." As she started to drift asleep, she hoped, for what felt like the millionth time in 4 months, that she didn't wake up. ~~~~~X~~~~~ So that's the first chapter! This story has been sitting on my laptop for years now, but I'm finally confident in where it's going and the amount of chapters I have have ready to go to post it. Please feel free to tell me what you think.