in a grip that meant if he pulled I could break his arm. "No! That's not possible!" He screamed at me as I let go of his hand and he stumbled back. I smirked at him as the girl laughed a little. "Declan, she is clearly coming to the school like us to train to be a warrior. Leave her alone. By the looks of things she could kick your ass." The girl flipped her hair a little and looked at the man who I now knew was called Declan. "But... sister... she can't be a warrior. We were trained by our parents to be warriors! We are from the capital! She is from sector nine!" He hissed as he looked at me. "Hey, what's your name?" The girl asked me a little more friendly than the boy... well, a lot more friendlier than the boy. "I'm Ca- RILY" I screamed as the train jerked forward and I was thrown to the back of the train, my luggage falling from the shelves above the seats. I knew my name had come out wrong, but that was besides the point. "What the hell just happened?!" "Flesh eater at two o'clock!" Declan suddenly yelled as he pulled out something that looked like a miniature gun. I glanced out of the window and saw the most grotesque creature I had ever seen in my life. It was like a walking skeleton, but bits of flesh that looked like rotting meat hung from the bones and cartilage, bits of cloth resembling clothing also hung from the corpse, it moved incredibly fast as Declan tried to shot it. "Rily, go get the captain!" Declan yelled at me, I looked over my shoulder at the girl thinking he meant her. "Go now!" The girl yelled at me- Then I realized that when the train had jerked I had pronounced my name Ca-Rily. Well, it worked. "Captain who?!" I screamed, and then the window smashed and the creature was climbing in through the window. I gasped as the flesh eater's eyes fell on me, sniffing the air his eyes rolled back and he whispered something hauntingly, though I could not quite make out the word, I was sure he said, 'Supernatural.' "Stacy!" Declan yelled as the corpse turned around and began to walk towards the girl who was stood there looking way too brave. She refused to back down. She was a warrior. "Declan! Shoot it in the heart!" She growled at Declan, that was one of the only way to kill one of these creatures, to destroy the brain or the heart. "I'm trying!" He yelled as he fumbled with the gun, the creature then reached out for Stacy, almost touching her flesh, and then I felt my body move as I charged towards the flesh eater. It turned around snarling, Declan kept firing shots at the corpse as I tried to lead it away from Stacy. I kicked the corpse in the gut, though there wasn't much gut there to actually kick, then I punched it in the side of the face, it grabbed my arm and flipped me over, pinning me down on my back as it stroked my neck, finding the right place to dig it's teeth into my flesh to decapitate me- the easiest way to render a vampire useless. The I heard another loud bang, then a sharp jolt and the disgusting thing fell away from me, blood splattering my clothes as I realized that the creature had been shot in the head. "Rily!" Declan yelled as he ran over to me, "Are you ok?" "Yes... I'm fine... just a little shaken up." I glanced down at the disgusting zombie-like creature who still seemed to be undead to me. I expected him to move or to say a name again, but he didn't. "How did that thing even get into the capital?! It would have had to scale not one, but two sets of walls!" Stacy yelled as she kicked the thing in the gut as I had for good measure. "It must be one of the campus experiments that have gotten lose. You hear about it every now and again when they are testing these things to see what can make them die, they sometimes escape, usually it's from the college they escape though when the experimentalists are trying to create new weapons to kill these bastards with." Declan said to Stacy. "So, think she's cut out to be a warrior now?" Stacy asked, smirking at Declan now. "Yes, I believe she may be." Declan said, "Our little warrior Rily." "Private Rily." Stacy smirked, "That's kind of cool. So how comes somebody as small as you knows how to fight? I mean, your parents can't have taught you." "Actually they did... they... uhh... fought in wars before." I blinked as I realised I had said, 'wars,' though my new friends didn't seem to catch on. "That's so awesome, our parents were warriors from the capital. They died last year in the corpse siege that happened in sector three." Stacy sighed a little but smiled, "They were heros." "And now their legacy will live on in us." Declan agreed, I smiled at them both. "So... warrior, huh? I was thinking more of becoming a doctor or a veterinarian... not a zombie hunter." I smirked, 'zombie hunters' were what people nicknamed the warriors who protected our kingdom from falling to the undead flesh eaters. "Well you could, but after that display of courage I think you have what it takes, even if you are sort of small." Declan grinned at me, suddenly I realized I may have judged him a little too soon. I thought about it for a few seconds. Did I really have what it took to be a warrior? My siblings had all fought in wars of the supernaturals, they still were. Was this my time to shine? My chance to become a legend like they were? "I'm in."