nephew with eagerness. "It's a boy. Harry Emmett Cullen-Clearwater! May I say, I think he gets his looks from his uncle," Leo announced proudly. "But, Aunt Charlotte's adopted. That's not exactly possible, you know that right?" Liam pointed out with a frown. "Oh hush Liam, now come on, I wanna see this baby!" Chloe grinned, excited to see her new cousin, the first truly human baby in the family. "I wanna see the baby too!" Abby pouted as she stood up and grabbed her mom's hand. "We're going to go see Harry now, baby." Maddie chirped to her daughter as she picked her up and sat her on her hip. "By the way, nice look Benjamin." She winked at her husband in the tutu. He rolled his eyes, smiling at Madison as he then took it off, chuckling. I smiled at Edward, taking his hand as we followed the others to Carlisle's office. In there everyone was crowded around Charlotte. She looked exhausted, her forehead covered in beads of sweat, but a smile was on her face. Seth had his arms wrapped around her and was looking at the small bundle in her arms with love and pride. I looked at Jacob and Renesmee, who were smiling fondly at the small bundle as well. I could see Renesmee give Jacob that I want more look, but I could see Jacob was debating about it in his head because after Tara's birth they had agreed that having interspecies babies could be VERY dangerous for both the mother and babies. "So...do we get to see him or what?" Siena asked. Tara rolled her eyes playfully while Chloe nudged her sister in the ribs. "What?" "It's okay Siena." Charlotte laughed. "Here you guys go, Harry Emmett everyone! Isn't he a beauty!" I looked down into the bundle to see the small face of a tiny angelic boy. His hair was a very dark shade of brownish black and his eyes were a deep, dark brown like his father's. The only features he got from his mother was the shape of his eyes and the striking profile of his high cheek bones, everything else was his father. "Debating about having kids now Mary?" Alice asked. "Are you sure you don't want any?" "Mom, I just saw Charlotte give birth, and it wasn't pretty. We'll see…" Mary rolled her eyes at her mother's persistence, but I could see the slight smile on her lips as she looked at her nephew foreshadowing that she was really thinking about it. "My baby girl had her own baby. Gosh do I feel old." Emmett chuckled, smiling at Charlotte and Seth fondly. "Wait till he's older, I'm going to teach him everything I taught Leo. I'll be the best grandpa he's ever had. Hey, can he call me something cool? Instead of Grandpa? I feel old being called that." "You are old dad, no offense." Leo chuckled, giving Emmett a nice pat on the back. He rolled his eyes while Charlotte chuckled. "We'll see Daddy," She said, rocking Harry gently in her arms. "I can't believe it, seems like yesterday I helped Lisa give birth to you baby," Rosalie said, the venom pooling up in her eyes. I go over to her and place an arm around her shoulder, giving her arm a rub. "Mom, don't make me cry, I'm still very emotional." Charlotte chuckled and cried at the same time, wiping a tear from her eye. "Sorry baby, it's just, my first grandchild. This is everything I have ever wanted, for not just me, but for you and Leo as well. I never thought in a million years I would be standing here watching my daughter give birth to my very own grandchild. I am so happy, sorry," Rosalie said. "Don't be sorry momma," Charlotte said. "Hey, do you want to hold your grandson?" "I'd be honored to." Rosalie beamed as Charlotte then carefully placed Harry into her arms. As I looked at Harry, I couldn't help but smile seeing this little baby being brought into our family. I look towards Edward who smiled at me. I could feel venom pool up in my eyes. Everything was just so perfect. I love you, I told him via my mind, letting my shield down. I love you too, he mouthed to me and then he smiled as he watched Rosalie interact with her new grandson. "Let me see my new nephew!" Leah pushed past everybody to get a look at her nephew as her mother followed her to get a look at her second grandson. "Hello, Sue!" Rosalie grinned as Sue approached the older woman. "Oh my, he looks so much like his father." Leah laughed and then said, "Poor him." "Hey!" Seth whined as he looked at his sister with a smile. She had changed so much over the years, from the sad deprived soul she had been to an amazingly confident and happy woman. "Do you want to hold him, Sue?" Charlotte asked as Sue looked at her grandson. "Yes please." Sue smiled as tears came into her eyes as she reached out to hold her grandson. "I'm so proud of you, baby." Rosalie said as she walked over to Lottie's side and then she bent down to kiss her daughter on her cheek. "Thank you momma. I'm so happy right now, if I died I'd die happy." Charlotte smiled as she saw her extended family come into the room to greet the new arrival of our family. "Nothing could make this moment more perfect." Seth said as he went to the other side of Charlotte and took her hand. "That's right." I heard Charlotte murmur. "Only you should have said nothing can make this life more perfect." "We have forever, and that all that some people dream about having." Renesmee came up to Charlotte and grinned at her. "We are living a dream." Charlotte agreed. And then we continued on into our small piece of forever...