spoke quickly, as though worried that I'd stop him or that he'd lose the nerve if he paused in between sentences. "Please, just listen to me." "I'm listening," I said in a soft tone and judging by the look on Tyler's face, it surprised him. He quickly recovered and continued. "Angie… I just didn't want to expose you to that world. I have no freaking idea why we still pretend to have these family dinners for the holidays when we can barely tolerate each other. I tend to keep my mouth shut, but my parents… all they have to say to each other are taunts, cryptic insults, and sarcastic remarks. On the other hand-" He sighed, meeting my eyes. "Your family… you were brought up differently than me. You had the perfect example of loving, honest relationships right before your eyes. I know that is what you've been expecting of me, of us, and I've failed you." "Tyler, no-" "Wait," he pleaded. "Let me finish. We've been arguing over the smallest things, and I was afraid, Angie. I was afraid you'd see my parents, the bitterness they had allowed to destroy their marriage and you would give up on me." I breathed deeply and scooted closer to him. "All I've ever wanted was for you to share your life with me. Your thoughts, your feelings. I love you, Tyler. I'll admit, I haven't been the easiest person to live with." We both snickered. "But, you never clean up! So, I do it and then you nag at me about moving your things." "You know how Alice is," he groaned. "I just hate being late in presenting my work to her. I know you're the same way." He looked at me pointedly, so I nodded sheepishly. "I admit I have a tendency to keep things here and there, but if you'd just tell me where you put the stuff, or leave it on the study table, we could avoid what happened this morning, couldn't we?" "I guess we could," I whispered with a smile. I grasped his hand and squeezed it lightly. "And the other things… We're just getting started. We'll need a little time to adjust to the new arrangement, but if we are a little patient, I think we can work things out." He looked at me with hopeful eyes and they destroyed the walls of anger and cynicism that had caged my heart. "I'd like that. It's not going to be easy; we're going to have to work at it," I said. "But, I believe that we are worth it." "That we are," he whispered. His features morphed into the crooked smile that I'd fallen in love with five years ago, and it still managed to make my pulse race and my face flush with desire. He knew the effect he had on me, cocky bastard that he was, and leaned in with a smirk. I met him halfway, letting out lips do the remaining talking for us. Our arms wrapped around each other, as we kissed with a passion that had always been there, but had been lost somewhere in the battle between our egos. The feeling of his hands gently, but firmly framing my face, his warm, soft lips sliding in between mine, his strong arms wrapped around me so tight, as though he never wanted to let me go… it was everything I'd missed so badly in the past month and to have it all back brought the telltale prick of tears in my eyes. He saw them when we broke apart, and brushed them away with his lips. "I love you." It was a heartfelt whisper against my skin. "I love you, too. We'll make it work, Tyler. We'll do whatever it takes." We sealed our promise with another kiss. "Are you finished? Can we go home?" he asked. "Just give me a minute." I walked back inside, and Bella met me in the foyer. "Sooo?" "I was wondering if I could go home, now." I bit my lip, but couldn't stop the smile from spreading over my face. Bella returned it brightly. "Home, huh? Of course, you should go." "But Alice-" She waved off my concerns. "I'll talk to her, don't worry about it." Edward came over and slid an arm around her waist. I watched, as Bella practically melted against his side, and he leaned in to press a kiss on her forehead. "I've been told you two hit it off pretty well and Angela knows every single detail of our lives now," he said playfully, looking between the two of us. "I wouldn't say every detail." Bella winked. He hummed, smiling down at her, adoration shining in his green eyes. "I'll know everything when we see the video, love." "Then you can see for yourself." Edward turned to me, holding out a hand and I shook it. "Thank you for doing this, Angela. I look forward to seeing what you will create for us." I smiled at the two of them. For the first time in the day, there was no hint of sadness in my mind. Their loving interaction filled me with nothing but hope and joy. "It was my pleasure and honor to spend the day listening to such a wonderful love story and meeting the adorable little Miss Emma Cullen," I told them. "Thank you for your service to our nation." Bella stepped forward and hugged me. "Thank you. So much," I whispered to her, my voice dripping with emotion. "Don't be a stranger, okay?" she ordered. "I'll get your number from Alice, and let's meet up for lunch." I smiled. "I'd like that." With that, I bid them goodbye. I walked down the steps, where Tyler was waiting for me. He turned when I reached the bottom step, smiled and held out a hand. I took it and together, we stepped forward into what I hoped was the beginning of a new, happier chapter of our lives.