off of him. Edward slides into the bed, startling me. "Don't be afraid, Hallow." I turn toward him and run my fingertips down his firm chest to his happy trail, leading down to his … cock. Dear Goddess I have never said that word let alone touched one. I take a deep breath and then my hand travels down. My fingers shake as they tenderly slide against his shaft. He lets out a hiss, and I look into his eyes. "I'm not afraid, Edward. I am yours now and forever." "Dear Moon Goddess, I love you." He pulls me into his side capturing my lips fiercely. He gently rolls me onto my back so his hard body covers mine. The feel of him on top of me is divine, and I feel secure and loved at the same time. My fingers grip the hairs at the back of his neck pulling him closer to me while our tongues dance. His hand plays with one of my nipples, gently twirling it in his fingertips. My back arches on its own accord. Edward breaks away from our kiss and greedily takes my hard nipple into his mouth. I'm an achy, needy mess. Nerves seem to battle with the pleasure of it all, causing me to squeeze my legs tight. He pushes my breast together moving over to the one he neglected. His teeth bite down on my puckered nipple, and I cry out in pleasure. "Oh! Goddess! Edward … Please …" I beg him. He comes back up to peck my lips, and I try to pull him in for a more passionate kiss. "Soon, my love, but first I need to taste you." He starts kissing my neck while his tongue swirls around a sensitive area. "Ummm … Taste me?" I ask naively. "Yes, I'm going to taste you." One of his hands goes between my legs and his fingers opens up my moist lips. Two fingers enter me, and I grip his fingers as the pleasure tickles my belly. "Ed … Edward!" "Yes, baby," he whispers against my lips as he plays with my clit. Removing his fingers, he looks into my eyes as he puts both of his fingers into his mouth. His eyes close and he hums in pleasure. It's the most erotic thing I've ever experienced. "You are so fucking exquisite, love," Edward says before he travels down my body. He reaches the apex of my thighs, spreading my knees apart. My heart is practically beating out of my chest, and I grip the cotton sheets tight not knowing what to expect. The first kiss is a tickle followed by a long lick up my middle that causes my legs to shake. He begins licking and sucking, humming in pleasure. My back arches and my hands grip his head, pulling him into me. The feeling is wonderful and makes every nerve in my body scream in pleasure. Edward starts sucking on my clit, and then he enters two fingers. "Sweet Goddess!" I scream out as bliss moves all through me. My head thrashes as I try to fight the pleasure that is taking over me. Edward lips caress up my body stopping to peck each of my nipples. When he reaches my lips, he braces his arms on either side of my head and kisses me. "This will hurt a little," he tells me as his tongue traces my lips. "I don't care. Do it, Edward. Please." I pull him in closer and shove my tongue into his mouth. I'm desperate and hungry for him. Edward positions himself at my entrance and slowly moves inside of me until he reaches my barrier. He kisses me deeply, sucking on my tongue as he pushes forward in one swift movement. I cry out from the pain, but it is over as soon as it begins. There is nothing left but a dull ache and fullness. Edward stills inside of me, seeming to struggle with controlling himself. Our lips never part as he begins to move inside of me. There is still a dull ache, but the gratification that begins to take over is wonderful. My back arches and my toes curl as Edward movements increase. My nails dig into his firm shoulders when he starts licking and sucking on my exposed neck. "Oh, Goddess, Yes!" My hips meet his thrust for thrust, chasing another orgasm that only he can give me. My true mate. "Hallow …"His voice is hoarse and full of compulsion. My lips find his eagerly. I suck on his tongue as his drive become faster. One of his hands finds my clit and rubs. The desire rips through me and my entire body stiffens. My back arches, giving him full access to my breasts and he sucks a nipple into his mouth. "Yes! Edward!" I yell out my pleasure not caring about anything but us. As my body comes down from the orgasm, Edward's movements become erratic while his tongue plunges into my mouth. Our foreheads press together and our eyes meet, then he screams out in his own bliss. "Sweet Goddess!" Edward stills, and then pulls out of me rolling over and bringing me with him. There is no sound in the room except our harsh breathing. His hand rubs up and down my back while I kiss his chest. Edward lifts my chin up so that I can look into his eyes. "I love you, baby." I giggle like a fool in love as he pecks my lips. "Can you call me that all the time?" I ask, kissing his lips again. "Mmmm, whatever you want, baby." His lips travel down my neck and my hands shyly move to his softening member. "I want to do that again, Head Wizard," I say teasingly. "Your wish is my command, First Witch. I will spend the rest of our lives pleasing you." He kisses my lips again, and I lose myself in my true mate. Forever.