when I glared at him. Thankfully, Jasper continued. "James, not Brom, realized you loved Edward and would do anything to be with him, so he charmed Jane, a witch, into conjuring a spell. Edward – or Ichabod for the story – was destroyed by the Headless Horseman, just not in the way the legend tells. He was cursed to ride as the creature every All Hallow's Eve for eternity, only to disappear with the first light of dawn." "Unless true love released him." Alice glanced up to her husband with such love it was tangible. She took over the tale at that point. "What James didn't know was Jane figured out why he'd asked for her help, that he wanted you for himself, so, in spite, she altered the spell, making you Edward's singer." "Singer?" Rose answered. "Your blood calls to him like no other." She glanced to Carlisle quickly, and I realized he held Edward's hand, his eyes focused on the man in my lap. "As best as we've been able to tell, Edward disappears into some enchanted netherworld at the breaking of dawn. His hunger is ravenous when he is released to the Earth after a year of not feeding. The spell robbed him of his control." "And left you his sirloin steak surrounded by tofu." Emmett grinned broadly even as Rose smacked her husband's washboard stomach. Esme squeezed my shoulder again gently. "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Jane wanted to make sure if you ever returned to Sleepy Hollow, that it was likely James would see you murdered before his eyes by the very beast he'd created." "But Edward didn't hurt me. It was touch and go, I'll admit, but something held him back." "Which tells me the essence of my son is still very much alive." Carlisle spoke softly, but his words were laden with emotion. Golden eyes gleaming with moisture, he watched me. "When Edward thought he'd lost you, he believed it was because you wanted a life outside of our existence." "As a vampire?" He nodded solemnly. "Yes. So when Edward disappeared, we thought he'd gone off by himself to mourn. But then you vanished the night after his horse returned covered in blood, and it was suspected you'd wandered into the woods and taken your life. It was only afterward that we uncovered what had truly happened. Unfortunately, we were too late." "But I don't understand, James is a vampire too, right?" "Was." Jasper's grin was bloodthirsty. Alice and he shared broad smiles before she added, "He guessed what we were and approached one of our kind to change him. Believing the witch's prophecy that he'd only be at peace once you were found, he took a blood oath to hunt for you for eternity." "And we've traveled every year to spend All Hallow's Eve in Sleepy Hollow hoping you'd return, and that we'd be able to control Edward long enough to desensitize him to your scent." Rose brought out my ragged scarf and gently handed it to me. "To convince you to love him again in hopes of breaking the spell." "Have I?" I asked, glancing down to the angel sleeping in my lap. Carlisle smiled serenely. "You chose him, Isabella, and he knows it this time." He smoothed Edward's hair back from his forehead. "There is nothing more powerful than love." A soft moan broke through the conversation, drawing everyone's attention to the man stirring in my arms. "Bella?" He cried out suddenly, grabbing at my legs frantically. I began crying at the desperate way he'd said my name, barely seeing him sit up and reach for me through my tears. But I felt his love in the way our lips connected, in the hungry way he pulled me to straddle him and continued to kiss me over and over as his family surrounded us. "Should we tell her about the change now?" It was Emmett speaking. "I think they have more important things to discuss." Rose's voice was teasing. "Gonna have to do it before we return to Forks, because I'm not being harassed by the mutts over the treaty, unless Carlisle will let me kill a few this time," he replied. Another smack sounded around us, but it was all kinda foggy through the nirvana of Edward's kisses. The sweet taste of his lips and the smell of him made my skin tingle and my desire explode "Hey, I'm just saying." "Emmett, go make sure that Angela, Ben, and the driver made it back to the fire station after their little accident. Let them know that we'll be on our way soon, with Isabella," Esme suggested. "Sure. Whatever. That's okay . . . I've got time before she finishes college to find her alone and impart my wisdom. You just don't want me telling her about her wolfy friends and Little Red Riding Hood." "Emmett!" the family yelled, and Edward and I startled apart. Fingertips brushing over my cheeks, Edward's red eyes flickered across my features. Gone was the haunted look; it was replaced by a soft smirk. I'd thought him exquisite as the monster. I didn't even have a word for him now. Wanting to be captured under him again, it wouldn't have hurt my feelings for his family to disappear so he could nibble on my neck. "Love . . ." he breathed, pulling me back to kiss me until I was faint. He chuckled as I gasped for breath, and it was a miraculous sound. "You came back to me." He pulled me closer, rubbing his cheek against mine. Shaking my head gently, I used my fingers to tug on his hair. When I captured his attention, I placed one hand above his heart. "I don't think I ever left." "Forever, Bella?" he whispered, his tone hopeful. I could've sworn the family also waited with bated breath for my answer. I leaned in close enough my lips brushed his when I spoke. "Forever."