knew that another attempt would be made. I watched as he climbed the rocks, not bothering to help her. I watched as he entered my house and began walking through my possessions. However, once she walked past me, I thought of nothing but her. Her smell, the heat coming from her body, the way her hair moved about her shoulders...everything about her. When they entered the room that contained the portrait, I was right there with them. "I fucking told you!" Her idiot companion was triumphant in his discovery. "She never got to see the final product," he spoke as he tugged at the massive frame. "Edward wanted to surprise her, show her he wasn't in the picture." I watched as the boy nearly dropped the framed portrait to the floor. The only thing saving it from breaking was that the frame was made of gold. "He paid Sir Huntington more than thirty thousand US dollars for this." I had paid more than that...I had paid with my life. My eyes never left the girl. I heard her gasp the moment that she saw the face forever placed on that canvas. I knew that she saw the resemblance, heard the change in her heart rate. "Remarkable, isn't it?" I turned back to the boy, who was still admiring my Isabella, yet ignoring the distress coming from his. "All this moisture and time, yet she is still perfect." His voice was giddy and proud. I watched her start to back away, ready to flee. I was so absorbed watching her, that I didn't move and I knew by her sudden shiver that she felt my presence. "Alec, you can't be serious about stealing this?" It was in that moment that I knew she was pure of heart, just like my Isabella had been. I also knew that her boyfriend was a fiend and would most definitely be taking my painting. When he took such care removing it from the frame, he sealed his fate. When he turned to look at her, the evil in his eyes strengthened my resolve. He would die on this night. "I can't be a part of this! This is over for me, you and me are done, this...this crazy idea of yours. It's..." I extinguished the torch in the room, setting my plan in motion. I never meant for the next events to happen and would deal with the regret they caused for all eternity. "Bella, run!" The boy shouted. I was shocked to learn that this beautiful woman also held the same moniker as my long dead love. Regaining myself, I gave chase, not letting him forget that he was in fact stealing from a monster...a ghost of so many years past. He was on my turf now. I just hadn't realized that Bella was leading them toward the cliffs. At least not until it was too late. Her plea for help reached my ears a moment too late. She went over the side, her hands clawing at the unstable ground. I stood back, wanting to see the evil in him for myself, as he reached out and grasped her hand. "Don't let me fall!" "I'm trying, Bella, but your hand is slipping." I could see he wasn't exerting all of his strength. He was prepared to let her die for his cause. "Did you really just break up with me in there?" In that moment, he let her go and her scream echoed up from the ravine. I was on him in an instant. "You fool! How dare you!?" I clutched at him. His eyes grew wide with fear. "Y...you're him. Please, let me go." "I would no sooner let the devil himself go. You will pay for your part in her death." "No...please! I couldn't hold her!" "Too late boy!" With those words, I sank my teeth into his jugular, tasting the first human blood I had in years. As it pooled in my throat, I wanted to enjoy it. I craved the texture along my tongue. But I had a more pressing matter to attend to. After ripping his neck apart, I left him to bleed to death and jumped from the edge to the woman below. When I reached her crumpled body, I knew that I didn't have much time. Her heart rate was slow...too slow and her breathing was thready. She was dying. As gently as possible, I picked her up into my arms and leapt out of the ravine. I ran with her into my home and to my bedroom. I gingerly placed her on my bed, cringing at her moan of pain. "Can you hear me?" I spoke softly. "H..he..lp...me," she moaned. "Open your eyes, love. Please..." I needed to see her eyes, I needed to know. I watched as she slowly blinked open her eyes. Her beautiful brown orbs were ravaged with pain. I knew that I could help her, but I wanted the choice to be hers. "Look at me. I can take your pain away, but I need you to hear me." I waited until she was looking directly at me. "Yo...u're hi..m." "Yes, I am Edward Cullen and this is my house. Listen to me, Bella. I can make you like me or I can let you die. The choice is yours." "Wh...what a..re y..ou?" "I'm a vampire, Bella. I can make you like me, letting you remain in this world, albeit differently than before." "I w..oul..d d..ie?" "You're going to anyway, love. Nothing can stop that now." I paused for a moment before continuing. "You would spend eternity at my side. I can make you happy, Bella." I watched the decision flicker across her features and waited. She painfully closed her eyes and then opened them to meet mine. "Do it," she whispered. Without hesitation, I leaned over her and pressed my cold lips to her still warm ones. Then, I moved to her neck and sank my teeth into her supple flesh.