over Bella's shoulders moments ago. Only now they were reversing the action, pulling down on the green lycra until it her arms were free and Bella was bare to the waist. He leaned back for a brief moment to take in the sight of her. She was so perfect, it was almost too much to bare. None of his daydreams had done her justice. Her nipples were dusty pink and perfectly erect, each begging for the touch of his fingers or his lips. He let his tongue caress each once before taking her as much of her right breast into his mouth while kneading the other in his palm. Bella ground her hips into Edwards cock and felt the tingle in between her thighs grow as something tightened in her belly. His ministrations on her breasts were unlike anything she had felt before, but her mind kept screaming for more. She ran her fingers through his hair before clasping his head between her hands and hissing, "Yes, Edward, yes, please." There was nothing he would not have given to her in that moment, hearing her call his name like a prayer. Though he had no experience, he had heard enough from other guys and watched enough porn to have an idea what to do to make her feel as good as she was making him feel. At this rate, their humping wouldn't be dry for long, and he wanted her to come before he did. Praying that the sides of the hospital bed would collapse, Edward pushed against one of the rails for leverage while rolling Bella beneath him. She gasped and he smirked down at her, finally allowing himself to be ruled by his lust and take control. Edward tugged further on Bella's costume and the leaves rolled down her hips. As her legs were revealed, Edward placed a soft kiss on the inside of Bella's thigh and she sighed in happiness. Once she was completed naked, he tore the hospital gown off of his own body and quickly removed his boxers before kneeling on the end of the bed, between her legs. "You're all I've ever wanted, Bella," he said to her as his long fingers slowly moved up her legs toward her sex, which was glistening with moisture. Bella jerked off the bed with the first contact of his finger between her folds, but relaxed back onto the cotton covered mattress. Edward explored, gently at first, his face reverent as he glanced frequently up at Bella's face to take in her reactions to the places he touched. He was pretty sure he had found her clit by her gasp and brought his mouth down on the same spot. Bella moaned his name and her thighs twitched around him and he sucked at the little nub and was rewarded by more delicious nectar being released by her pussy. "Please," Bella moaned, not wanting him to stop what he was doing but at the same time wanting more. "Please, Edward." He had wanted her to come before he slid inside her, but his own need was getting to be too much. Edward raised his head and took a few seconds to gaze at the girl he had loved for so long. A beautiful pink flushed over her chest and her eyes were heavy with want for him. Edward let out a soft growl of pride that he had made Bella look this way, and that he was going to be the first to enter her. Carefully, using all his self-control not to explode right then, Edward lined his throbbing cock up with Bella's pussy. He pushed slowly, both of them gasping as her tightness surrounded him. No matter how much each had imagined it, loving their bodies in the ways they knew how, nothing could have prepared them for this sensation. Edward's green eyes locked with Bella's brown ones. "I love you," he whispered as he started to move slowly deep into her and then withdraw. Bella winced with pain for a brief moment, and Edward stilled. "Don't stop," she said. "It will feel better in a moment," Edward whispered, hoping that he was right. He reached between them with his hand and rubbed her clit again, trying to match the rhythm of his hips while holding back the explosion that was threatening deep within him. Bella felt as if gravity had suddenly forgotten to hold her down onto the earth. She felt herself rising higher and higher into the atmosphere, her body going numb except for the unrelenting pulsing deep inside her. She was gasping but couldn't feel the air enter her lungs. It felt like a shiver was taking over all her muscles, but the heat in her belly was keeping her warm. "Edward," she cried out the only word her mind could contain as it all exploded within her. "Edward," Bella said. "Can you hear me?" Edward opened his eyes to see Bella, still fully-clothed in her sexy green costume with a jacket over it. Edward could see the cabinets of the hospital room behind her, but he was disoriented, unsure where he was. "Bella" he croaked. Bella smiled, and it was the same radiant smile that he had longed for every day since he had first met this sweet shy girl. "I'm so glad you are okay," she said. "You hit your head pretty hard on the ground when you fell out of the Hay Ride." Bella bit her lip, looking embarrassed for a minute. "Is there someone you want me to call? I came with you in the ambulance because I couldn't find Lauren. I didn't want you to be all by yourself." "You rode with me in the ambulance?" Edward repeated her statement as a question. His head pounded as he tried to put the images in his mind into the proper categories of fantasy and reality. But one thing was certain, his Bella was here. There was no one else to see.