about how we saw each other before they came along, and how we are today what we are today because of them. The miles were flying by. By the time we decided to turn and head back, we found that the topic had somehow landed on wardrobe; tuxedos, bow ties, and gowns. Charlie grimaced at the idea of having to be so fancy for a wedding taking place in the Cullen backyard; and wisely said his piece quickly, and let it go at that. After we came back to where we started, I hugged my father and said my goodbyes for the day. I let Charlie drive off first, slowly driving behind him till he was well ahead, then stopped for Edward, when he took the bend and went out of sight. My lips instantly found his, and immediately recoiled causing him to chuckle at my surprise. "You're hot." "So it just my looks your after then?" He playfully joked, causing me to smack his chest just as playfully. "Well it sure isn't your brains, jerk." Causing both of us to chuckle "Why are you so warm?" "Bella, we are cold blooded creatures. Our body temperature rises and falls with our surroundings, and if you haven't noticed, it's a really hot day today." Oh wow… "Really?" I said in pleased awe. "Honestly I thought you would've figured that part out by now. We've made love so many times under your electric blanket…" "And when exactly would I have had time to feel the change in your temperature, hmm ?" I said leaning in closer and closer, then reaching behind him, pulling him closer. "We don't exactly give it enough time to work do we? And once you start on me, my mind is usually elsewhere." "So you've never noticed the difference?" he whispered, breathing his delicious breath onto me. I shook my head, then licked my lips suggestively, till the corner of his eye began to grey. "Then…I take it this is a first for you then?" I nodded, biting my bottom lip suggestively, causing the corners of his eyes to darken some more and kept going till the darkness almost reached the irises. "And… What do you suggest we do about that?" He probed in his own suggestive voice. "How about… me?" I smirked, then quickly turned from him and sped off. "Bella?" "There is only things that comes to my mind, so now all we need is a place where no one can hear my—screams." His eyes blackened all the way then, and his lust for me crashed into my own for him, increasing our anticipation exponentially. We found our turn off into a secluded area easily enough. Our lust was maddening. I barely put our car in park before Edward had pulled me out the driver side door and practically threw us against a tree. Still disoriented from the sudden burst of speed and wind, I found Edwards lips pressing fiercely on my own, further increasing my disorientation. Before I knew it, I was my back on the forest floor, and after some quick ripping, was made bare. Edward was now above me licking and kissing behind me ear, as I spread myself open under him. I wasted no time getting wet for him and he wasted no time and buried himself inside of me quickly. I thanked god for his urgency. But instantly I felt the difference in temperature, but only for the briefest of moments before my mind was lost in a delirium of pleasure brought on by both of our explosive releases. Then I found everything about him was warmer. Both my mind and my core was swimming because of him; and I loved it. After a few breaths, his mouth was on mine and he was grinding into once more. I placed my hands on his bottom forcing him into depths that I didn't even have, just to increase to pressure on the roof my core. And when that wasn't enough, I soon began to match him thrust for thrust from below, causing him to hit it harder and harder; all the while using my lips like a vice, keeping his own firmly pressed to mind, as the sound of stone slapping skin in rapid succession threw us over the edge again. We allowed no spacing between us was we enjoyed our second powerful release. I had pushed my hips upward with aid his hands gripping my bottom, as he pressed his hips downwards with the aid of my hands pulling him into my deepest depths for his release. My mind bubbled in ecstasy as I felt the sensation of him bathing my insides with his warmth once more. Finally releasing his lips and purring mouth, our eyes shot open and met; and even with panting breath, I knew we were far from done. [END CHAPTER] AUTHOR: Thank you all for coming together once again. As always your reviews and comments are appreciated. I'll be trying to keep to a schedule as much as possible, but I do see that life will be playing a role in my ability to edit and publish chapters. Any hoo, hoped you like the prologue and chapter one. There will be quite a few more lemons this time around, but it will be kept to a minimum as much as possible since I don't particularly like writing lemons. But since the two protag's are 'fully bonded' I don't really have a choice. I feel like Im gonna have to be Dtrouno w/ her angel series… lemon part anyway. Don't get me wrong I loved the 'majority' of the story with only two exceptions. Which was the forgiveness of JB and his continued involvement in Bella's life afterward. Other than that, Dtrouno wrote an exceptional series. One of the best. Any hoo again; feel free to freely comment on anything that stood out to you this chapter. And remember, be critical and creative with your thinking and replies!