girls night this Friday night." "Yeah, it was her idea," I told her, and then said, "If you have plans with Edward than that's fine, it could just be me and Rileigh." "No, I don't have any plans with him Friday night, so it'll be just a girl's night; three sisters' bonding with each other. I think it's a good idea. We need to spend more time together. I feel like we're leaving you out of a lot of things hun." Bella replied. "You aren't, but honestly it feels that way, but really, you guys aren't leaving me out of anything. You have your own life to live; I don't want to be in the way of you guys." I told my older sister honestly. "Marleigh, listen, you aren't going to be in the way of anything okay? I promise, if you need me, or heck you need Rileigh, you know we'll always be there for you no matter what it is. Emmett is also there for you too, don't forget that, we're family, and we stick together no matter what, it doesn't matter if it's big or small, if you need one or all of us, then we'll be there okay?" Bella told me as she hugged me. "Okay, thanks Bella," I told her as I hugged her back. "You're welcome," she said, then continued, "So what are you off to do now?" "Eh, I was just gonna see if there was anything good on T.V. or not," I answered her. "Well, have fun if you get bored, you can always come hang out with me in my room, or whatever, not much to do I know, but at least you won't be too bored out of your mind," Bella said laughing a bit. "Okay, thanks," I told her, and then I watched her as she headed up the stairs, and I finished going down the stairs, and headed for the living room. I walked into the living room, and seen my mom on the couch watching something on the news, I went over and sat next to her and said, "I'm sorry mom." Looking over at me, my mom replies, "Sorry about what dear?" "Well, for everything really, mainly about failing my history test, and well, failing that class too. I don't know what it is, but it's just so boring to me, and I can't hardly keep up in that class." I answered her as I looked at my lap. "Baby, listen, it's not that I'm angry about you failing that class, or the test. I just want you to do well in school, so you can learn things, and get into a good school. Maybe if you talk to your sister, Bella, that is, or your father, then maybe one of them could help you with your history class." My mom told me. "I know, it's just hard, almost like math is, but surprisingly, I'm doing pretty well in that class, at least well enough for me that is; I was just thinking about asking Bella first, only because dad's always busy." I agreed with her. "That's true, why don't you go on up and ask Bella and see if she could start helping you with your history class, just until you get your grade up to a passing level at least," My mom suggested. Sighing, I replied, "Okay, I love you mom." "I love you too baby," my mom said. Before leaving, I turned back to my mom and ask, "By the way, dad is coming home tonight right?" "Of course he is, he's just working late again, he's been picking up extra shifts to bring in a little bit more money, we want to take a vacation this year, and every little bit helps." My mom answered. "Oh, okay, well, after talking to Bella, I might just go to bed early tonight, so I'll see you in the morning?" I told my mom. "Okay, good night, and I love you 'Leigh." "I love you too mom, and good night." After giving my mom a hug, I walked back upstairs and headed for my older sister's room. Reaching Bella's room, I knock on her door, and I hear her say, "Come in." Walking into her room, I ask, "Hey, uhm Bella, I have a question." "What is it hun?" Bella asked. Walking all the way into room, I walk over and sat on her bed and said, "Is it alright, if you can help me with my history class, just until I get my grade up to at least a passing grade level?" "Of course, I can help you," Bella replied back. "Really; what about Edward?" I asked her. "He can wait, I can help you every day after school, and he can just wait till I'm done helping you first, he won't mind, he'll understand, I promise," Bella told me. "Okay, thanks Bella, really," I told her as I stood up. "You're welcome," Bella replied back. Walking towards her door, I said, "I'll leave alone now, I'm gonna go to bed, I'm kind of pretty tired." "Okay, have a good night, sleep well, and I'll see you in the morning, I love you," Bella replied. "I love you too, good night," I told her as I walked out, and shut the door as I left her room. I walked back towards mine and my twin sister's bedroom, and walked in. Going over to my dresser, I pick up my comfiest pajama's and I start getting changed for bed, after making sure the bedroom door was locked. Once changed, I unlocked the door, and went and crawled into bed, and slowly felt myself drift off to sleep. TBC... A/N: Thanks for reading, and please let me know what you think of this so far, and i promise i will try and update, i'm not sure about tomorrow as it's Memorial Day (for U.S.A) hope you have a good day/night and again thanks for reading. Trish