seeing her. She is the only way I will stay out of jail and I AM going to see her." she tried to push past the pair. Charlie heard the commotion and stopped walking away, he turned to watch the spectacle his ex was making of herself. Lauer put his hand on her arm, hoping to calm her but she shrugged it off. She was fast becoming hysterical as she saw all her plans crumble and prison loom. Her hands curled into claws and she lunged at the officer on the right. Her ex-husband stepped into her way, his hands blocking her attack. She went wild. She knocked the man to the floor, kicking screaming, thumping and generally out of control. The two officers had a massive struggle restraining her as the man Lauer knew now to be Doctor Cullen rushed out of the hospital with a couple of nurses and carefully, but without seeming effort, loaded the injured policeman onto a trolley. Charlie Swan was gasping for breath, his face blue. Lauer knew enough from over the years in court to realise that the man on the trolley was seriously hurt. He turned to see his client handcuffed, both behind her back and her ankles. The officer she had been about to attack when the Chief stepped forward read her Miranda Rights off a card. Lauer smiled, they were making sure she could not get off on a technicality. The officer not reading grabbed her shoulders, the other put the card away when he was done and grabbed her legs and they basically threw her into the back of the police car. "They can't do this to me!" she shrieked, her legs appeared at the car window as she attempted to kick the glass. Where she thought she could go if she did break the window Lauer didn't know, she would still be handcuffed and hobbled. He watched the disappearing forms through the hospital doors and turned to her. One of the officers was getting into the driver's seat so he knew she could hear him as he spoke to her. "I believe they can, you just caused grievous bodily harm to a serving police officer. I very much doubt if you will be seeing the inside of the Chicago courthouse any time soon, I guess you will get at least 5 years for this attack alone. If he dies, you will be lucky to ever get free." He walked to the hire car, which was where he left it the night before and followed them to the station. Once inside he watched them fill the paperwork in on the arrest and he faxed it to the court in Chicago, he called the office and asked to speak to the judge, when he told him everything that transpired the judge told him to wait while he asked for a point of law referencing. "I knew I should have had an abortion!" The woman screamed from the holding cell. The police station was tiny, 3 cells and a small front office, a kitchen, a toilet and the Chief's office (where he was), which was big enough for a desk, chair, filing cabinet and nothing else. He looked at the picture of the Chief and his daughter on the desk as he waited for his orders. He was waiting a long time. It was almost 7 in the evening before they got back to him. "Mr. Lauer?" the judge in charge of giving him permission to escort his client to see her daughter called him back. "I take it from you contacting this office you will not be representing Mrs. Dwyer on these charges?" "No sir, I am not, nor do I believe I will continue to be her lawyer when she faces charges in Chicago." The judge hummed slightly. "What we will do then is transfer the case to Seattle. You are recused Mr. Lauer, you may return home." "Thank you, sir." He breathed a sigh of relief. The screaming in the background continued without pause. He wondered how many more hours she could scream before she became hoarse? He put the phone down and stepped out of the station without telling his ex-client what was happening. Across the street the blond and dark-haired men, Jasper and Emmet, from the hospital room the day before, were stood watching. A shiver ran down his spine at the look they gave him. He turned and got in the hire car and headed to get his luggage from the hotel. As he walked into his hotel room something made the hair on the back of his head stand up again. He carefully looked around. Nothing seemed to be out of place, everything was neat and tidy, but he knew someone had been in the room. He didn't know how he knew, but he did. His laptop was where he had left it, so whoever it was wasn't a thief. He packed it away quickly, the rest of his stuff was already in his carry-on bag. The last thing he did was pick up the notepad and his favourite pen, he slipped the pen in his jacket pocket and was about to flip the pad closed when he realised what was missing from the room. The papers with the Cullen's names on them. They should have been loose on the top of the pad, but they weren't there. He shook the pad, just in case, but he knew he hadn't slipped the pages inside any deeper. Nothing dropped out, no loose pages. He looked in the bin at the side of the desk, empty except for the wrapper off a Twinkie he had eaten the night before after he got back from the bar. He picked up his various bags and left the room quickly. He paid for his bill and instructed them to drop Renée's stuff at the police station. He almost ran to the hire car. He couldn't wait to leave Forks.