to meet you, Belly! What are y'all doing over here?" "I see you've met Edward. What an odd place to be hanging out, don't you agree Emmett?" she questioned, elbowing him and giving me a smug look that let me know she was on to me. "I have it on good authority that this fella here has a surprise for you," Edward said, throwing an arm around Emmett's broad shoulders and drawing the spotlight off of me. "And I have been overtaken by Bella's beauty and decided to celebrate this fine Valentine's Day at her side." My mouth dropped open, Rose bursting out in giggles at my shock. "Is that right, Bella?" "I…uh…yeah…" "You look a little flushed there, honey." I could feel my face burning, hoping the poolside color would mask my embarrassment. Edward grabbed my hand and reached down for his duffle bag, telling Emmett and Rose that we'd see them later as I struggled to keep pace with his long strides. We reached a black pick up truck, so high off the ground I thought I'd have to jump. I was debating the finer points of literally climbing into a vehicle and wondering why the hell such a monstrosity would even exist when he opened my door and lifted me into the seat. "We go muddin'" he said in explanation, reading my mind and reaching over to buckle my seatbelt, fingers lightly grazing my breasts and hips and sending a shudder down my spine. I simply nodded, buzzing flowing through my body at his touch, at the prospects for more. This was vacation. This would be fun, another story to tell, another campfire laugh to be had, another secret lost in the breeze during late night, top-down car rides. I could tell myself that, but I knew it was more. We drove to the diner gas station, pulling into two spots. He hopped down from the cab, jogging to my side before swinging open my door. "Miss." He said with a tip of his cap as he reached his hand to me in offering. I took it without hesitation, and he helped me down and pulled me into the convenience store, bell ringing and a blast of stale air conditioned air, thick with grease and the hum of coolers. "Wait here." Edward gave me a soft kiss on the lips, halting me in place and walking towards the back of the store before I could respond. He emerged a minute later, arms laden with sad looking roses and heart shaped boxes of cheap candies, spreading them onto the counter as the attendant congratulated him on the game and rang him up. He walked up to me and nodded towards his full hands, looking bashful for the very first time. "Had to do it right, you know. Part of mama's teachings." I giggled. "Of course." I grabbed the flowers from him, plastic and soggy tissue paper crinkling as I pressed them to me, drawing in their sweet smell as I inhaled deeply. Fluorescent lights shined down on us, cheap candy and flowers, brand new in every way. Never had a day been better. We drove to his apartment, walking into the second floor space that was a mirror image of Rose's. The spackled walls were lined with baseball posters and banners, mismatched furniture and popcorn ceilings. Several dozen green, yellow, and purple beads hung from a nail stuck in a doorway, a LSU blanket was draped across a worn blue armchair that reached its prime before we were born, a clear glass bowl on the counter was piled high with the tops from beer bottles, overflowing onto the Formica. He set down the flowers and chocolates, motioning around us. "So, this is it." He said nervously, removing his cap and tossing it aside before running his hand through his hair. I couldn't let him be nervous. He was…he was something. I knew it. I just couldn't figure out what it was. I needed to figure out what it was. Something familiar… I slowly walked up to him and reached out for his hands, placing them at my waist before running my own through his locks, picking up eagerly where he had left off. He kept his eyes locked to mine, swimming with emotion, desire, intensity. He pulled me down the hall into his room, turning and locking the door. There was no pause now. Not this time. This was 6-6, top of the eighth, green grass, stifling humidity and sweat and excitement and thunderous applause. Clothes were removed expertly, only a beat spent admiring nakedness before crashing together in moans. He laid me down on his sheets, cool and soft against the scratches from the brick building, desire building and threatening to level the entire area surrounding us. He hovered over me, the perfect sinker, floating and putting me in a daze but moving too fast for me to get a hold on. His tongue explored every inch, moving lower and lower before swirling back upwards, my hips rising to get closer, to find friction. He didn't disappoint, fingers crawling past my belly before dipping into my folds, more moisture in the air, moonlight shining across my body in slivers through the blinds. He glowed. He was county fairs and blaring classic rock, huddled under blankets and poolside naps and baseball games. And as he positioned himself against me, sinking in so slowly with his hardness and strength, lips and tongues and sweet touches, murmurs and promises and whispers under sheets, he flipped me over, propping my tired body up, helping me keep a rhythm, draw more satisfaction from him with each twist of my hips. He moaned, eyes locked to mine, caressing every piece of me at his disposal. "Happy Valentine's day, my Bella," he drawled slowly, sticky breeze and sweltering heat, the slush of icy cool hurricanes and slow, sweet crawl of molasses. He was something, and I finally knew what it was. Sunshine and summer.