to live with us, apparently she was too 'gobby' for Charlie to cope with. Renee began to abuse her too, hitting her a lot more than she did me, because as I grew older, I began to stand up for myself, this is why she also didn't like me going to my Aunt Roses because they taught me to stand up to her, to not live in fear of her any longer and when she realised I no longer feared her, she began to fear me. I had no idea why she feared me, because I would have never hurt her. She was my mom, the person who I hated but loved at the same time, but I would have hurt her if she hurt my sister like she did me. Things progressed and I couldn't protect my sister and myself, I ran away a few times, I couldn't cope with life. I didn't care if I died, I didn't care at all. I just wanted to end it, to be somewhere other than the dark place I was living, been constantly abused. The thing that changed my whole outlook on my mother and the belief that she would one day change was the day I burnt my legs, he was out again getting pissed up and Nessie was staying at her friends, I wanted some chips at the time as there was nothing else in for me to eat, Renee refused to get vegetarian food in for me as she said I had to eat the same as her, but I didn't want to eat meat anymore, so I lived off chips. I left the pan on and it set on fire, I quickly got it out of the house but not without spilling it all over my hand and both my legs. I felt the intense pain all at once, the skin melting on my legs as fell to the ground to quench the flames. I hobbled around in bare feet to my sister's friends house and they managed to get in touch with my grandmother who took me to hospital. I refused to cry that night. I never cried over pain. Pain was the only thing that made me feel. As we drove back to my house all bandaged up, one person sat outside the house to give me a message from Renee, "She said she doesn't care if she's burnt her legs. She probably did it for attention so she isn't stopping having fun to play nurse to a whiny teenager who's just begging for attention!" The man said to us. I couldn't believe my ears. She didn't care. She never would. Months later my confidence level was at rock bottom again, I had no where to turn to, until I made a decision that changed the course of my life. I ran away properly. I refused to go back to my mothers, and then my grandma took me in. At first my mother argued with my grandmother to get me back, she threatened us, abused us and made our lives a living hell, and every time I saw her, every time I had to go and see her as part of the agreement all of these memories came rushing back with vengeance. I hated her for what she did to me. I hated her for what she was still doing to me. I felt like I was dying inside every time she called me fat, every time she said I was worthless, every time she told me I would be better off dead.. I managed to get through my GCSE's (exams) depressed and suicidal, I managed to scrape 6 A's, 8 B's, 1 C and 1 D. I was disappointed in the grades. I hated myself for not making everybody proud. Renee made it quite obvious that she wasn't proud of my results, but Charlie did, he was proud. So was my grandmother. I managed to get into do the courses I wanted, Biology, Chemistry, Physics and Geography by the skin of my teeth, or that is what I believed seen as there were plenty of smart, beautiful and amazing people who wanted to do those subjects too. Eventually it got too much for me though, I couldn't live with the memories, the pain and the anguish any longer so I decided enough was enough. I stopped seeing Renee. I didn't speak to her. I didn't see her. I couldn't. I still see her every now and again, in the car when I see Charlie on a weekend after dropping my sister back home, and all she does is play mind games. It kills me inside that Nessie still lives there, she rings me up to tell me the bitch had been hitting her, yelling at her, drinking or ignoring her for her latest fling, and that is my biggest fear now. That my sister will turn out to be as broken and as messed up as I am. I don't trust people. I don't like physical contact. I start having panic attacks in huge crowds of people. I freeze at the sound of loud noises. I gag at the smell of cannabis. I gag at the smell of tears. I feel worthless. I feel like nobody would ever want me. And yet, I dream so much about the future it is unbelievable. I dream that one day I might be able to do what I want to do. I may be able to be a zoologist and travel the world, and when that time comes and I am old enough to take legal guardianship of my sister, I will. I will fight till my last breath to save my sister from becoming like me, because she deserves so much. I've been let down, beaten and abused my whole life, and I don't want that life for Nessie. So I'll keep on dreaming. I'll keep on fighting. And… maybe one day… things will get better.