moment. Chloe finally drew herself up to her knees and took a deep breath, "I want to see." "Me too." Said Abby, smiling at her cousin, the two were pretty close because of their love of books, but she also didn't want to be out done by her less daring cousin. All of a sudden the others were nodding in agreement, readying to see the window trapped souls. "All right," Noah slid of the couch to join the others on the floor. "Now, we're going to have to do this carefully. We'll try…" His eyes scanned the walls quickly, "That window there." He crawled carefully over the sleeping bags to where some of the others sat, and they all turned to look at the large window he had indicated at. Flat and black, it acted as both a mirror and a window. Superimposing the contents of the room onto the night scene outside. They could all dimly see their reflections in its depths. Adriana shivered, "You can count me out. I'm not going over there." "It's okay, sweetie. You can sit right here with the little ones and watch us do it. No shame in that." He turned to the large group that wanted to follow him and look into the window. "It's actually a really good night to do this, it's just the right temperature outside so that the glass will be fairly cold. Now let's go. Carefully now." Crawling along the carpet, the others followed Noah, Edd, Liam, Abby and Chloe were the closes to him, clearly the most curious. They crawled over the rough terrain of the room to their destination; just below the windowsill. "Now, what we do is peek over the windowsill just a little bit. One of you, doesn't matter which can do it first, then when they give the all clear, the others can peek over too. Now, who's going to do it." Noah told the group. Edd and Liam looked towards Abby and Chloe. "Rock, paper, scissors?" Chloe offered to Abby. The exchange was brief and the outcome was in Chloe's favour. Abby made a soft frustrated sound and slowly pulling herself up to her knees, peered cautiously into the window, her reflection staring back at her. "I don't see anything." she said, hesitantly. "So far, so good." Noah whispered. "Okay, now, Chloe, you go ahead and get up there too. Go on." "You guys are freaking me out!" Adriana whispered from under her sleeping bag as she watched the group from afar. Chloe rose to her knees and joined Abby at the windowsill. "Okay," she said, looking over hse shoulder at Noah. "Now what?" Noah, "Now we all look into the window." The others all rose quietly and looked into the window, "Now, we look straight ahead into the window and we blow on it. Fog it up a little bit so that it gets cloudy. They're easier to see then. You'll have to do it, since you're the ones that want to se them." "You're sure they're there?" Pandora looked uneasy. "Positive." Noah answered his tiny cousin. Abby and Chloe looked at each other. Abby offered her hand, and Chloe gripped it tightly. They looked into the window again, inhaling, and then they breathed warmly onto the cold glass. The white mist spread over the surface of the window and Noah placed a hand on each of the girls shoulders, the others watching the two bravest girls. "Now look, see? Right there." Chloe leaned closer, "Where?" "There, look, you can see it moving." Noah said. They both leaned forward, staring hard at the ghostly patch. Patterns coalesced on the misty surface before their eyes and Abby leaned even closer trying to follow the phantoms with her eyes. She could almost make out the face in the window… Something moved quickly in her peripheral vision and Chloe shrieked. Abby cried out in response and fell backwards, frantically scrambling away from the window on her back side. Adriana was screaming with her head buried in her sleeping bag while the younger children looked terrified, and the others who were at the window had also jumped back with a gasp. And Noah and Izeya were… laughing? Heart beating furiously and trembling from head to toe, Abby could only gape at her sister and brother as comprehension dawned on her face, "Noah… Izzy? What-?" "And you thought I couldn't scare you!" Noah chuckled sitting back on his heels. "What's going on?!" Adriana asked, voice muffled, "I can't look!" Chloe laughed, relieved, "Noah was playing a joke on us. Oh man, was that a good one. When you grabbed me, I thought I was going to die!" Siena giggled then at her sister, "I shit myself when you both screamed!" "Me too!" Mathias chuckled. "Good going, Bro. You really had me going." Only, now Abby kept seeing that almost-face looking back at her in the window. "Right, I think it's time to go to sleep now." Noah chuckled at the group who all looked a little shell shocked. Everyone said their goodnights and in the darkness everyone silently unzipped their sleeping bags and crawled in, hugging their pillows close to their chests. "Your brother is a nut," Sarenee remarked to Izeya with a laugh, "But that was an awesome story he told." "Yeah," Izeya agreed, "I didn't know she had it in her." Minutes passed by silently, there didn't seem to be anymore to say. One by one everybody dropped off to sleep, but Izeya stayed awake thinking about the incident that had happened earlier. Joseph had finally come back into her life; the hooded man she had dreamed about for years had finally come back. Without warning, a sharp crack suddenly sounded through the darkness, Izeya sat bolt upright, clutching the edge of her sleeping bag. In the dim light of the street, she could see the window had splintered and a hand print lay on the condensed breath of her cousin and sister.