fliers, inviting the little goblins and ghouls to stop in between 5 and 9 PM. There was a fun and flighty vibe in the air. Angela stopped in at lunch time to press candy ghosts and pumpkins into the tops of each treat. As evening drew closer, they brewed hot coffee and mixed apple cider to chase away the autumn chill. Angela stayed a little longer than she had originally planned, manning the counter while Bella doled out treats and complimented the tiny Ironman, Ice Princess and Jedi wannabes. When traffic slowed to a trickle, Bella let her go with a check and a box of cupcakes to share with her friends. She poured herself a decaf coffee, added a splash of Kahlua, and waited for 9 o'clock to roll around. During the last half hour, two groups of teens stopped by and Bella off-loaded as many of the treats as they would take. At closing time, she blew out the candles and dragged the pumpkins in, flipped the sign to 'Closed' and turned out the lights. She had her hand on the deadbolt when her eyes caught movement across the street. The man's figure was familiar, but he was nothing like her Vanilla. During a break in traffic, he crossed the street. Her heart hung in her throat as he came closer. His hair stood up in every direction, gelled into artful disarray. His glasses were gone. Instead, his eyes were lined in black, amplifying the warm, amber color, exactly the same shade as her favorite bourbon. There was a black ring through his septum and another in his left earlobe. He wore a ratty white t-shirt, untucked over stovepipe jeans that hung low over his narrow hips. She already knew about the piercing and tattoo underneath. Bella's hands hung limply at her sides as she watched him through the glass. When he stepped up on the sidewalk in front of her, he waited until the count of ten, then opened the door. "It's not locked. Does that mean you don't hate me?" "Lauren and her roommate came into the shop a while back." "Fuck. . ." "Actually, the conversation was enlightening. And a little bit entertaining. There is no way that girl has ever seen you naked." "Not even close." He shook his head slowly. "I was wrong. I should have told you the truth from the beginning. I went on one date with Lauren. That one date told me everything I needed to know. She was everything I am supposed to want. Everything my parents told me to look for in a woman. But she bores the ever living fuck out of me. I kissed her once at the end of the night. On the cheek. That day at the market? It was supposed to be a group outing. A bunch of us from study group were going people watching for a class project and Jessica suggested the market as the perfect place. At the last second, everyone else backed out and it was just the three of us." "You lied to me." "Not exactly." Bella scowled and bit her tongue. "You never corrected me. You let me believe. . . God! It still makes me sick! Why didn't you just tell me you weren't with her like that?" she cried, her arms crossed and her hands in fists. "Because I'm a coward. I know I fucked this up. Please give me a chance to fix it. The truth is, the first time you smiled at me, I could tell it was because you thought I was a certain kind of guy. A milkshakes at the drive in, casseroles and apple pies at mom's house, white picket fence all-American kind of guy. I felt like, if that's what you liked, some sort of opposites attract kind of thing, I didn't want to show you the real me." "The real you? Why don't we start there," Bella commanded. "I don't even know where to start. The fact is I suck at dating. I've only ever hooked up with friends. And that was cool because I never wanted anything serious before now. I cuss like a sailor. My last car was a piece of shit Camaro I rebuilt during high school. That girl who sold me the Volvo? I begged her to teach me how to dress. I'm a complete fraud. This is my dad's world. I've been trying to fit in for years and failing miserably." "And everything you told me about medical school?" "That's the honest truth. I have to keep a professional image on campus. If I showed up to a lecture like this, my dad would kill me. Look, here's the real story. The only part that really matters. My name is Edward Anthony Masen, and I am hopelessly infatuated with you. I can't think of anyone or anything else. I lived for Fridays and Mondays because I got to speak to you, but it wasn't nearly enough. I would have come every other day but I couldn't think of a legitimate excuse." "It's not that hard. Just tell me you want to be with me." "I thought it was obvious." "I'm a girl. I still need to hear it." "Fine. Bella, I want to be with you. Only you. And I want you to bake cupcakes for me every day for the rest of my life." "Every day?" "Except for the days I bake them for you," he corrected, pulling out the sweet smile she adored. "Huh. So. . . Edward." Bella was doing her best to hide her confusion. "Um, yeah. It's a family name." "Uh huh," she said, wrinkling her nose. "I like Vanilla better." "Oh, Bella. You know I am not really vanilla. Not in the slightest." "Then we'll use it ironically. Now come inside before you freeze your balls off. I know how important they are to you." "Awww, Cupcake Girl. I thought you'd never ask." 3 THE END 3