we don't joke about. I would never spank you." "Lucky," Edward muttered. "Now, that's enough excitement. Jasper and Caius need rest. Everybody out," Carlisle ordered. They were given a look then the door shut. Caius laughed softly as they situated themselves under the covers. "Who would have thought the day would come where Aro would willingly listen to another vampire's orders!" "I heard that, Caius," Aro said from the living room. "I know." There was a growl that made the albino laugh again. "Se agapó, Aro." "S' 'agapó, epísis, leopárdali chóni. But you are trying my patience." "Sorry," Caius sighed then yawned. 'Jasper?' 'Yes?' 'Are you wearing anything?' Jasper snickered. 'No. And Ah knows that you ain't.' 'I'm too tired to get dressed.' 'Me, too.' They shrugged it off and simply turned away from each other, quickly falling asleep. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Ah'll keep writin' if'n yous will," Jasper promised. "I will. And I must say that your penmanship has improved greatly since we've been writing each other," Aro complimented. Jasper beamed proudly. "Ah's been workin' on it!" "I can tell," Aro said with a smile then he turned to Carlisle. "Well, Carlisle, we must part again." "Indeed we must." "I have something for your coven." Aro snapped his fingers and Marcus, Caius, and Alice each came forward with a Volturi crest in each hand. Aro took the first one from Marcus. "Normally I would bite you, but you are not becoming a part of our coven in that way. Bow your head, Carlisle." Carlisle did so and the crest was slipped onto his neck. "Esme." She bowed, and he put it around her neck. They paused, waiting to see who would be called next. It would be according to rank. Aro took the first one from Caius. "Jasper." Aro expected complaints from the "children" but none came, so he slipped the crest onto Jasper's neck. He then did Edward, then Emmett, then Rosalie. His curiosity was burning, but he pronounced the blessing first. "I declare that the Olympic coven and Volturi coven are linked. We are family now." He paused. "But why did the others not complain when I called out Jasper as second in command?" "Hey, he was basically second anyway," Emmett said with a shrug. "He save my wife from getting raped by assholes. I'd follow him anywhere. Only if Pops ain't around, though." Rosalie nodded in agreement. Edward smiled. "He's more dominant than me and Emmett combined. He is my halfling coven leader, and now he leads me in this coven. Behind Dad and Mom, of course. I'd trust him over Emmett in a fight." "Hey!" Emmett said. "I'm stronger!" "But he's smarter," Rosalie snorted. "Ah ain't smart," Jasper mumbled. "Yes, you are," all of the Cullens, plus Caius, said at once. "Ah can't even figure out why y is 42," Jasper muttered. "Because m is multiplied by x then you add b ," Carlisle said patiently. Jasper made a face. "Stupid 'rithmatic. Ah'd rather take the damned hick'ry stick." Caius yipped in laughter while Alice covered her mouth. Aro and Marcus and the rest of the Volturi looked confused. "I'll explain later, Aro," Caius snickered. "Right…Well, we're leaving," Aro said. He and Carlisle gripped forearms, staring each other down. "You don't want to?" Carlisle asked guardedly. "No," Aro said flatly. "The invitation is there." "I will bear that in mind. Until we meet again, Carlisle Cullen." They bowed to each other then the Volturi were gone. As soon as they were, Emmett, Rosalie, Edward, and Esme had their crests off and were looking at them. Jasper traced his, having seen it a long time ago. Carlisle was the same way. "Cool! It's kinda like what you gave us, Dad!" Edward exclaimed. "Eh, ours is cooler," Emmett said. "This is a great honor," Jasper whispered. "What?" Edward asked. "Well, yeah. Of course it is. I mean, how many vampires get a Volturi crest?" "He isn't talking about the crest," Carlisle said. "Do you understand what Aro just did?" "Um…he made us Volturi?" Rosalie asked. "No, or else he would have bitten us," Edward said in confusion. "He always bites all of his coven so they know who's in charge." "He called us family," Esme said thoughtfully. "He only calls Volturi family," Edward replied. "Then what did he do?" Emmett demanded. Carlisle looked solemn. "He combined our covens. We are at each other's call now. We are one, yet separate. We are like extended family." "That's not possible," Edward argued. "Yes, it is," Jasper said, straightening up. "It just ain't been done in over fifteen hundred years. The Romanian coven wuz the ones who started it. If they granted ya their crest, you were considered a part a the coven even if'n ya weren't. That wuz the greatest favor they could grant ta ya. If'n somebody willingly killed a trustmate, as they're called, while they wuz wearin' their crest, or if'n it was just known that they wuz a trustmate, the penalty wuz instant death. Ev'rybody who had that status wuz either wiped out or went inta hidin' after the Volturi took over. In all their fifteen hundred years of rulin', they ain't neva granted a single vampire ta be a trustmate. Until now." Carlisle smiled. "I couldn't put it better myself." "Yeah ya could. You ain't got a stupid accent." "I like my little soldier's accent," Esme said, mussing his hair. Carlisle snorted, and spoke with his own British accent. "Of course I have an accent. I have simply tamed it, whilst you allow yours to run around wild." Jasper laughed. "Ah guess that's true." They turned and walked back toward the house. Carlisle slipped an arm around Jasper's shoulders. "Jasper?" "Yeah?" Carlisle looked hesitant. "Would you like to do a Bible study?" "Oh, Dad!" Emmett groused. "I wasn't asking you, Emmett," Carlisle growled. He looked back at Jasper. "Well?" Jasper smiled. "Sure, Papa." Carlisle's joy washed over Jasper and he chuckled. Oh, how he loved this family!