music class as elective. I have been playing the piano since I can remember. Music is a huge part of my life. And I believe that there is no end to practicing and improving one's knowledge and techniques when it comes to music. I learned that the Goddesses are in the music class as well. However, they were excused from attending today's class because of their rehearsal for their concert. There were sixty people in the class which makes a large orchestra. We were using a music-proof theatre-like room for our lesson and the teacher was using the microphone for us to hear his discussion. A huge variation of musical instruments was being used by my classmates: violins, cellos, flutes, guitars, drums… as far as I could tell, Tanya and I are the only piano players. When she saw me enter the class at first, she beamed at me, going in my way to obviously initiate conversation. Thankfully, the teacher arrived early and all sorts of conversations were not possible. I was not surprised that most of my classmates are really good. I guess that's how the school retains its great reputation. The teacher seemed quite fond of the Goddesses as he keeps telling how their concert will benefit people. I was sceptical how a music class approved a rock concert with girl strumming the electric guitars. The teacher, Mr Foyer, required us to watch the concert and of course, pay for the tickets which cost twenty bucks each. We paid for the tickets to our class secretary, Jenny. As I headed to the parking lot when the classes were over, a bunch of girls were surrounding my Aston Martin Vanquish. Great. The usual scenario from my former school all over again. As I approached them, they all squealed in delight. "What do you need?" I asked as politely as I could muster with all my irritation trying to be kept hidden. It doesn't help that they reek of the most repulsive scents in my book – bubblegum and strong perfume. If only they could smell at least more flowery… "Oh my God! You actually talked to me…" one girl said. The other girl faked fainting. Three girls grasped my arms; squealing and talking animatedly fast for me to catch on what they're saying. I looked like some puppet that was being yanked side by side without me trying to deflect them. I've already learned before that deliberate resistance will do me no good. Some girls, I noticed Lauren, Tanya and Jessica among them, explained to me that they wanted to see me, cutting each other's sentences in their excitement. "There was this concert about the Goddesses tonight, as you already know…" Lauren was saying, battling her eyelashes and shoving her chest at me. "And, you know, concerts are more fun being watched with a date…" Jessica intercepted, battling her eyelashes and shoving her chest at me. "I wonder if you want to come with me?" Tanya finished, battling her eyelashes and shoving her chest at me. I tried not to roll my eyes at them. One blond girl, I think her name is Jane who also sat with me at lunch time, asked... "Tanya, weren't you in the classes with him at music and biology? Why didn't you ask him earlier?" Almost all the girls, I counted them as twenty, agreed in murmurs. Way to be mobbed at my first day. "Why do you care?" Tanya snarly snapped. "I just didn't get the chance earlier." Upon hearing Tanya, the other girls started asking me out as well. They were all too noisy and were already creating a commotion in the parking lot. I need to do something about this. Looking up, not wanting to give false hope to anyone of them, I answered "I'll think about it." They all chorused in delight at what I said. When they noticed that each of them hoped that it was she who I meant, they started hissing at each other to back down. As I've said, I've already experienced these things in my former school and have some vague idea to get away with all the chaos. I took that as my opportunity to slip into my car, unnoticed. As I rev and backed away into the driveway, I noticed a shiny Ferrari Maranello standing out from all the other cars. I noted how Isabella Marie was inside. Her windows are not tinted. I can see her smirking at me smugly, seemingly amused by the commotion the girls did to me. I sped fast away. As I drive, I looked at my rear-view mirror to see a car following me. I know this car as a Mercedez and that it was also parked in the school lot. Well, it seemed I've gained another stalker. I hope this one is not as crazy. I drove into random directions to see that the car was still following me. Thankfully, I know how to drive fast . I pushed the speed limit up to a hundred and twenty. When I was far away from the car, I spun left. I hid into a shaded area, watching as the black Mercedez pass the road. I sighed in relief and went back to that same road that I was first taking. Using the GPS of my car, I located the direction to my home from where I am and sped away. And, just like that, my exhausting first day at Meyer High ended. I have never been happier to arrive home in my entire life. (A/N: I'm so sorry for halting the chapter two times and not posting it full at first. This first chapter was sort of an experiment chapter for me. And after some good feedbacks, it motivated me to continue writing the story. I promise that the succeeding chapters will be posted in full from now on. Happy reading! J Enjoy! And please review. You have no idea how your positive reviews affect me.)