back and said, "After I took my plate and stuff to the kitchen, I overheard Riley telling mom that she found bumps by her ear. So I asked them about it and mom said not to worry about it, and to just go back to the living room with everyone else. And Emmett made me mad because he kept asking what was wrong." "I'm sure it was probably nothing to worry about Hannah. If it was something to worry about mom and dad would have done something." My sister told me. "Yeah, but there could BE something, she's having a lot of headaches, and her ear hurts, now she's getting bumps. What if it's like brain cancer or something? One of my best friends from school, her mom had brain cancer." I told my older sister as I was trying not to cry. "Han, I promise, that nothing is bad is going to happen to Riley. I'm pretty sure it's not brain cancer." Bella told me as she laid down beside me, and brushed the hairs out of my face. "Can't Carlisle see her?" I asked my sister. "I'm sure he could, but its up to mom and dad to take her to him. Let's just wait and see what happens, I'm sure if the bumps Riley found, get any worse, then mom and dad will be taking her in to get it looked at. But I promise Han, Riley doesn't have brain cancer. I know your best friend's mom did, but honestly, Riley doesn't have it. I'm sure of it." Bella said, trying to reassure me. "What if you're wrong and she does have brain cancer? It would be like the end of the world!" I hysterically cried to my older sister. My sister leaned down towards me and gave me a hug and said, "Hannah, Riley doesn't have brain cancer, she'll be fine. Whatever she has, which could be absolutely nothing, she'll be fine." "Alright, she better be." I told her as I leaned in closer to my older sister. We both laid there in the same position five minutes later when we heard a knock on my bedroom door. My sister said, "Come in." My bedroom door opened revealing my older brother, who walked on the other side of my bed and laid down beside me and got in the same position as my older sister, putting me in the middle. My brother then said after a minute of silence, "Hannah, I'm sorry if I upset you, I didn't mean too. I just wanted to know what was wrong." "It's okay, I just over heard mom and Riley talking. Riley told mom that she found a bump by her ear, and I asked them about it, and mom wouldn't say." I told my brother. A few minutes later, we hear our dad yell up the stairs for our sister, "Bella the phones for you." "I'll be down in a minute." Bella replied back, then she turned to me, "You going to be okay no kiddo?" "Yeah, thanks," I answered her. "Okay good, I love you kid," Bella told me as she gave me a hug and kissed the top of my head. "I love you too Bells'," I told her as I hugged her back. My brother and I just layed there after our sister walked out of the bedroom to go see who was on the phone. I turned to my brother and said, "Emmy?" "Yeah squirt?" Emmett replied back. "I'm sorry I yelled at you," I told him with tears in my eyes. "Hey, don't worry about it, no biggie," Emmett told me. "Are you sure? I feel really bad about it now," I told him as I felt the tears roll down my face. "Hannah, listen, you shouldn't have to feel bad. If anything I should feel bad about pushing the question on you. You didn't do anything squirt. And you can't help but feel emotional and sensitive to things like that. But I'm not mad at you for getting upset at me. If anyone is sorry, I should be sorry for trying to push you." Emmett told me. I sat up and he followed suit, "Are you sure? It's okay, I forgive you." "Yes, I'm sure. Now how bout we go downstairs and get us some ice cream? Dad had bought a whole new tub of ice cream." Emmett said as he got up off the bed and held out his hand to me. I grab his hand and he pulls me up off the bed, and I said, "Yeah! Let's go get ice cream, and I wanna apologize to mom too." "Alrighty, lets head 'em on out," Em' said as we walked out of my bedroom and down the stairs towards the kitchen. I walked over to my mom and I said, "Mom, I'm sorry, I overheard Riley tell you she found a bump by her ear, and I was being nosy, and I'm sorry." "Its okay baby, I understand. I am however going to take your sister in tomorrow to see Carlisle to figure out what's going on." My mom told me. "Oh, okay. Do you mind if I go with you guys tomorrow?" I asked my mom. "I don't see why not," My mom answered. "Okay, again, I'm sorry," I told her again, as I gave my mom a hug. "It's okay baby really," My mom said as she gave me a hug. After I let go, I went back to the kitchen where my older brother was making two bowls of ice cream for me and him. I then went and go the syrup out to put on top of the ice cream after we put the ice cream and syrup up, we went and sat at the table and ate our ice cream. A/N: Thanks again for reading, and if you could so kindly please leave a review, and any mistakes are mine, thanks again for reading. TriciaMarie23