of the term, and the truth in her statement. "I'll be safer with you," she continued, then gave me a wry smile. "Besides, do you think you can find a better chef to help you convince others that human food is good enough to sacrifice blood for?" I considered what she was saying, and the future she was offering me. Why couldn't it be as she was suggesting? It's not as if she was asking me to change her into a vampire. The thought of having Bella by my side, of hearing her stories, watching over her for the rest of our life, as we each worked for the greater cause: a cause, which before tonight we had both shared but for different reasons. "Okay," I said, with a smirk. "But I'm driving." I lifted her back into the truck, placing her in the passenger seat as I slid behind the wheel. I wanted to put some distance between us and the other vampires who had come to hear my warning this weekend. Between the effects of the inorganic pumpkin and the fearful smell of a burning Caius hanging in the air, I didn't think it was the time or place to have a reasonable conversation with them. We would need to find Carlisle, and let him know what had happened. But somehow, through it all, I could see a future with the beautiful girl beside me. SIX MONTHS LATER I reluctantly removed my lips from the pulsing neck vein, looking up into chocolate brown eyes that were full of confusion. "What are you doing?" Bella grumbled angrily. "I wasn't done kissing you, yet." I laughed at her mock anger, placing another soft and gentle kiss on her neck. Though she still smelled better to me than anyone I had ever encountered, my thirst for her blood had been manageable once my system was cleansed of the Terminator gene tainted food. It was sweet torture to show my affection to her throat; we both enjoyed it far too much to ever stop. "I wasn't done either," I assured my beautiful human. "But the producer will be coming to speak to you in five seconds." Bella frowned, and I gave her one more reassuring squeeze before releasing her. She made a small sound of protest at the loss of my arms from her waist. I was just settling into a chair on the other side of the dressing room when there was a knock on the door. I grinned wickedly at her. "Show off," Bella mouthed at me, before calling out, "Come in." . The woman who entered was thinking of several things at once, but her mind nearly stopped when she saw me eyeing Bella with desire. Though my girl's mind still remained silent to me, I now knew her well enough to imagine her thoughts as she raised an eyebrow and let out a huff "Excuse me," the blond woman said while she lifted a hand to her headset, pretending to be distracted as she eye-fucked me. Neither Bella nor I were fooled, as I picked up a magazine and pretended to read, not caring to look at her. "Did you need me to do another sound check?" Bella asked. "No," the producer finally pulled herself together, bringing her thoughts back to the segment Bella was about to film. I smiled slightly as I heard her reviewing all the details that were necessary to ensure the dishes Bella had prepared would look as appetizing as they always were under the harsh television lights. She was quite good at her job, which was part of why I'd been okay with Bella agreeing to this interview. As shy as my mate was, we both knew it was vital to our cause to have celebrity chefs not only promoting organic food but also giving subtle hints to those of my kind who monitored the media. It was imperative for them to understand that Monsanto was tampering with the human food supply and how dangerous it could be to both humans and others. I was, of course, by her side for every public event, and advising her on all media appearances. We were never apart except when she was on camera. As if my silent musing had triggered the producer's subconscious, she turned to me. "Are you sure about not being part of the segment, Mr. Cullen?" she asked, her voice annoyingly breathy. "I think our audience would just love to hear about how you were inspired to help Bella publish her cookbook after just one catering event." I smiled ruefully and was about to give my standard response when Bella replied for me. "He's not interested in being on camera." The blond pouted, her painted lips protruding pathetically. I wanted to laugh or roll my eyes but didn't have a chance to do either before Bella once again surprised me. She mock-whispered to the producer, her hand held up to her mouth as if she would keep me from hearing. "Actually, he can't be captured on film." She looked at me significantly, as her eyebrows rose. A low growl, far too quiet to actually be heard, rumbled in my chest. Bella just grinned at me, but the producer's subconscious finally began firing the warnings that usually kept humans at a distance from me. She quickly mumbled her excuses and left the room, fumbling with the door so badly she had to try twice to close it. Bella began giggling, bending over and holding her sides. "Vampire jokes aren't funny, love," I told her, trying to keep a straight face. She looked up at my conflicted expression and laughed harder, gasping out, "That was amusing, and you know it." We both knew it was, of course. It was good to laugh when we could. There was enough to be serious about while trying to save humankind. It was hard work, but with Bella by my side, we were both up to the challenge.