until what she said next came out of her mouth. "I'd march them down to the office and have their parents called. I'd like to hear them repeat that to their parents." " Esme ," I groaned. "I can't play the concerned parent role here. I'm supposed to be seventeen!" Esme sniffed. "Regardless, what you did was wrong. They gave you a week's suspension, and that's just until a decision can be made on whether you're getting sued for this." I shrugged. "Doesn't matter. I'm not going back. I decided that I've had enough of ' High School: Try Two '." "You're giving up?" "Yup." "You're going soft, Jacob," Esme said, trying not to smile. "I remember a time when you would never give up. You never gave up that silly crush for Bella until you actually imprinted on Nessie." I sighed. "I was so sure I was in love with her. Now I'm kind of glad that she ended up with her bloodsucker." But then my eyes widened. Had I really just said that? Looking over, I saw that Esme had become a statue in the seat beside me, hands tight on the steering wheel. "I didn't mean to call him that," I said softly, ashamed. "When the past gets brought up, it's easy to stir up old feelings. You know I would never purposely call you guys that now." "It's okay," Esme replied quietly. "I shouldn't have brought that up anyway." "You know I don't think of you guys as bloodsuckers." "Are you sure? Because you've been saying things like that a lot here recently." She wasn't being mean or sarcastic; it was an honest question. And it was true. Just the other day, I'd casually asked where the rest of the leeches were at while Esme and Alice were the only ones home. About a week before that, I'd called Emmett a parasite unthinkingly. "I'm sure. Old habits die hard, I guess," I mumbled. "You know we would never hurt you," Esme whispered, pain in her voice. "I know, Esme. I know, believe me. I just say those things without thinking." Esme nodded. "Well, I forgive you. But keep the vampire insults aimed that way, okay?" She pointed out the window. "Kay." I looked back in the rearview mirror, back at Seth. "Your mom and I are going to sit you down and have a serious talk with you when we get back. You cannot flip off authority figures." "Says who?" "Says me and your mom, that's who!" "Well considering Mom should be in third grade right now…" "Seth." "Done talking." Esme shook her head as we pulled into the driveway. "You two go at it like old women, I swear," she mumbled, pulling into the garage. Well, he was my blood. That evening when the rest got home, Bella and Nessie attacked me. "Why didn't you show up at lunch?" Bella demanded. "We waited forever!" Nessie added. "You got in trouble, didn't you? Damn it, Jacob, what did you do?" "You ruined this whole day for me, Jake!" "We worried—" "We called-" "Love, you've got him backed against a wall," Edward said gently. "And Ness, let go of his shirt. You didn't even give him time to explain." Nessie stepped back, crossing her arms. "Explain. Because if it were up to me, I'd still be yelling. But Daddy's acting like a therapist. So go." "I got kicked out of school for defending you against some perverted teenage boy," I said in exasperation. Nessie groaned at me, but her face softened a little. "I don't need you to protect me, Jake. I'm a big girl." "Nessie, he said something so gross you wouldn't hear it come out of Emmett's mouth!" I said in frustration. "At least Emmett respects women and doesn't treat them like…like… sex objects!" Nessie flushed a little. "About me?" she whispered. I saw Edward bristling in a corner, fists clenched as he read off my mind what the boy had said. Bella noticed too. "Edward, he's a stupid teenager. And she is very pretty. Sometimes you have to choose your battles. We can't have you getting in trouble too." "Jacob was justified in hitting him. I regret the fact that I wasn't there, too-" "Edward," Esme reproved. "You don't mean that. Jacob had no right—" "Jacob had every right!" "Enough!" Nessie said loudly. "Jacob and I will discuss this alone tonight. It's no one else's business." "But-" Edward started. "Not even yours, Dad." She turned to the rest of them, taking Seth by the hand as she did. "We're going to bed. I love you all. See you in the morning." She walked up to Edward and Bella, kissing her dad on the cheek and hugging her mom. "Night. And Daddy, please breathe. I heard it's good for the lungs." Glancing meaningfully at me to follow her, she walked out the front door. Nessie's POV When I crawled into bed with Jake that night, I glanced at the closed door to Seth's bedroom and snuggled into the covers deeper. "So what exactly did that kid say?" I asked. Jacob winced. "Please don't make me repeat it, Ness. It's not for your ears." "I want to know what you thought was so bad it gave you the right to try and kill him," I insisted. Jacob spat something nearly unintelligible through his teeth. "What?" Jacob took a deep breath, blushing. "He said that he betted you-" The rest of his sentence passed through my ears, ripping the whole way. I wished I hadn't asked. "Oh," I breathed. "Yeah. So do I get props for hitting him?" "Major props." Jacob hand up his hand for a high five. I rolled my eyes at him and kissed him square on the mouth. "Screw high fives," Jacob gasped, and I laughed, kissing him again. My big bad wolf would always be there for me, even when I didn't need him to be. That was an oddly comforting thought.