tried not to sound overly bitchy, as I said, "Mr. Cullen, should I come back at another time?" Honestly I didn't want to prevent him from working, but I just couldn't sit there watching him for another minute. "Do you have someplace else to be?" He questioned impassively, without looking up. I detected a slight accent. It sounded affluent...worldly. "No, of course not, it just seems that you don't have time to speak to me right now." In my opinion, his disregard for me had become downright rude. "And what is it you'd like to speak to me about?" His eyes abruptly shot up to mine, and I saw annoyance swimming in them. "Well nothing in particular. It's just kind of odd for me to sit here watching you work like this." I spat out, a little harsher than intended. I folded my arms firmly and latched onto his angry glare, aggressively holding his heated gaze, for several very intense moments. Instinctively, I edged back into my seat when I saw a murky darkness seep into his eyes. He placed his pen down pointedly and sat up straight, his broad shoulders hitting the back of the chair with force. Roughly, he ran his fingers through his hair, giving it the effect of a mini tornado. I quickly understood how it had gotten so disheveled. His skin was no longer pale; it was now flushed, and looked hot to the touch. "You know what seems odd to me?" he snarled, through clenched teeth, "My masseuse , sitting in my office reprimanding me for working." The words came out in a menacing growl. It wasn't quite a roar but, I think he was well on his way. Clearly he was upset that I dared to call him on his poor behavior, but how could I not? Had anyone ever let this man know how rude he was? I wasn't looking to start trouble on my first day, I had cleared the slate. I was forming my own opinion, and all that other positive crap I conjured up in the elevator. I realized I needed to smooth over our rough start, if I wanted to keep this job, which was seriously becoming debatable the longer I spent in his office. Maybe none of his other employees were brave enough to talk to him like he was a human being and not an animal, but I decided to take the chance. I would just be myself, I honestly didn't know how to be anyone else, nor did I want to. Bella Swan was not a phony. "You know, Mr. Cullen," I started apprehensively, "I have to admit, I'm new at this whole personal massage therapist thing. I guess I just expected we'd get to know each other a little before your first massage." "You have no prior experience?" The words fell out of his mouth as though he were vomiting them. "What?" My voice raised a few octaves. "Of course I have prior experience." I rolled my eyes. "It's just that I worked at a spa previously." I huffed defensively. "I've never worked with just one person before," I held up my index finger to illustrate the number one. "I was thinking this job would be…I don't know… more… personal…" I hesitated a moment. "I mean, I am your personal massage therapist." My hands were very busy doing all sorts of strange gestures as I spoke. Definitely no more Red Bull. He was still looking at me like he'd just thrown up. He appeared stunned…and… nauseous. Not exactly the impression I had hoped to make. "Ah…I see." He dropped his chin down as he savored my words. "Miss Swan, let me be clear." He moved in closer to me. "You are just one ," he held up his finger, mockingly, "of the many personal servants I employ." He threw me an arrogant smirk as he picked up his pen. He lowered his head back down to his work dismissively. In that moment my opinion was formed. About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Mr. Cullen was an arrogant fat cat. Second, that was far worse than an angry lion in my book. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably disgusted by the fact that he was my boss. The room filled with an edgy silence. I sat there wondering if any amount of money could possibly be worth working for a man like him. Unfortunately the reality was I had bills to pay...lots of them. The world just wasn't fair. I needed to stop pretending that it ever could be. This is your Plan A now, Bella. After what seemed like hours, his intercom buzzed. "Mr. Cullen, Emmett is here to bring Bella down to the health club." Alice announced. He looked up at me, then his eyes went to the door, and then back down to his work. I bit down on my lip in frustration and headed for the door without looking back. A/N: Alright guys…let me know if you think I should continue with this one. I have so many ideas for it. I wasn't kidding when I said Edroar was a Tyrant…I haven't slept in days. I actually work at a small spa right now. That's what got my wheels spinning for this story. I couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to be Edward Cullen's personal massage therapist. I'm not a massage therapist, but if you are I'd really appreciate some inside information. I have to give a big thank you to my creative muse for this story, TKegl. She's a literary genius so please check her work out. Edroar the Angry Lion has a kick ass banner made by Lindz, so please go to my profile and meet him for yourself. Be warned he can be quite ferocious. Okay…let me know if you want more Edroar. I'm still developing the plotlines, so feedback would be very awesome right about now. Thanks so much for reading….