I climbed atop the bench to see over the crowd, spotting Principal Volturi and his infamous megaphone. "This is not a drill!" he shouted. "I repeat: this is not a drill! Everyone line up single-file in your assigned spots! This is not a time for panic! This is a time to perform in real-time what we've been practicing since the…Mr. Newton, what are you doing with that blow torch? Get back here right now!" Principal Volturi dropped the megaphone to chase Mike around the back of the building, and I used the opportunity and my perch on the bench to look for Edward. The great exodus was still in effect, but I refused to move. He said he'd meet me here, and I believed him. But even after the crowd thinned and only the kids whose parents chaperoned remained, he didn't appear. I stepped down from the bench as Kate emerged from a side exit. "Leah! Thank God you're still here." "I'd never leave without you." I forced a smile. "I wonder who pulled the alarm." "Whoever it was ruined everything! I think Garrett was about to ask me out." "Oh, my gawd!" "I know! But when the alarm got pulled, he disappeared." We linked arms and proceeded down the street. "Sooo…what happened with you and Edward? I saw you guys out there looking like well-dressed rejects from Soul Train." "Ha-ha." She eyed me for more details, and I sighed. "Yeah, he was…great as always. But he got ghost after the fire alarm." "Same as Garrett." Kate caught my tone and patted my hand. "I'm sure this won't turn out like last time, Sweets." I was too sad to argue with her, so we walked to my house in melancholy silence. Before my mom could ask why we were home so early, Kate said she had a headache and wanted to go home. She really was the best friend a girl could have. We hugged goodbye, and my parents headed out, promising to be back soon. When I heard tires on the gravel driveway, I yanked the neon scrunchie out of my hair and threw it across the room. With any luck, I'd be asleep before my parents got back so I wouldn't have to answer any more questions about tonight. My second Halloween night with and without Edward Masen. The loud knock at the front door gave me a fright, and I considered pretending I wasn't home. Then I realized Kate left her overnight bag upstairs and would probably need it this weekend. "Hold on, Kate." I trudged to the door. "I'll go get your bag and give you back your…" The words died on my lips when I saw Edward on my front step. When I didn't speak, he shook his head with a smile. "You still like talking through the door, I see." He frowned at my continued silence. "Are you okay?" "Yes." I blinked back to life, trying to process what was happening. "I, um, I thought you were Kate." "Nope." He popped the 'p,' rocking on his heels. "You took your hair down." "I was about to turn in." I hastily combed my fingers through it, hoping it didn't resemble a haystack. "What are you doing here?" "Oh." He palmed the back of his neck, which was turning red. "When the fire alarm got pulled, I went out the back door to…" "The back door?" "Yeah, to the stone benches by the teachers' parking lot." " Those benches!" I palmed my forehead. "I was out front by the flagpole." "So that's why I didn't see you! I should have been more specific." I didn't reply, still trying to believe this was real, and he cleared his throat. "Anyway, I figured you'd come home eventually, and here you are. Which is good because, um, you forgot something at the dance." "I did?" I looked down at my outfit, seeing nothing amiss. "Are you sure?" "Yes. But if you want it, you have to close your eyes and hold out your hands." I raised a brow. "You're not going to squirt me with pickle juice, are you?" He chuckled, and the sound warmed me from head to toe. "I might, but not tonight. Now close those eyes." Something in his gentle command made me shiver, and my eyes fluttered shut. I cupped my palms in front of me and soon felt something solid and small in them. "Ta-da," he said softly. I opened my eyes to find a tight bundle of candy corn and mini pumpkins in orange cellophane tied with a black bow. I looked at Edward in delight. "Did you make this?" "Just in case The Great Pumpkin forgot." He looked away. "It's been two years since we've seen him at the same time, so I didn't know if…" "You…" I couldn't even form words. "You remember?" "Of course I remember." "But you never said or did anything to…" I rolled my eyes, annoyed at myself. "Gawd, Leah. Way to ruin it." "You didn't ruin anything." He seemed to come closer. "But I hope I haven't either." "What do you mean?" "I mean, it's been two years. And I haven't exactly been beating down your door. And I don't even have a good reason why not. I just didn't know if I…" My hand seemed to shoot out on its own, wanting to reassure him. The contact startled us both, and the heat from his bare wrist snaked up my arm, making me shiver as I spoke again. "You could never ruin anything. Not for me. I…Edward, this is the sweetest thing anyone has ever given me." "Really?" His soft expression changed, and he took my hand in his as he stepped closer. "That's a shame." I felt dizzy as his green gaze dropped to my mouth. "Is it?" "Yes. Because I'm kinda hoping this is." He dipped his head. "If that's cool." I leaned in, my precious pumpkins all but forgotten. "Yeah, that's cool."