Em on a job. I'm supposed to hear back from them sometime today," I tried, a lie for sure. "Jacob Eugene Black, don't you dare lie to me. I'm not one of your damn clients you have to woo and remember, I practically raised you, I know when you're lying. Where is my son?" she sounded furious. "Esme, he's fi…" "Don't you dare tell me he's fine. What did I say about lying to me?" I heard a click on the other end of the line and then the phone went dead. Oh shit! I thought, mama Es is on a rampage! I busied myself on the computer, checking email to see if either Rose or Em sent me an email even though it was in vain. I typed out an email to Em and Rose both again to see if one of them will respond. Hey where are you at? It's been two weeks, TWO FREAKING WEEKS, since I sent you to woo over that client. You haven't checked in like planned and you haven't been back. You were supposed to return a week ago. Where are you? This is not like you two to disappear without a trace. Did something go wrong with the meeting? Are you hurt? Is everything alright? I'm worried about you and so is Esme. What's going on? Please respond or contact Esme and let us know you're okay! ~Jacob Black I sent the email off and waited, in vain I knew, for a reply that would never come. Three days later I was checking my email to find that I got a response from Rose and Em. Jacob, I am sorry that it is taking so long. We have found that even working together we are having trouble wooing our client and we need a few more days please tell Esme that we are both fine. ~Rose & Em After I read that email even though it was brief it gave me some reassurance that everything was fine and I would hear from them in a few days with the good news. Later that day Esme came barging into my office like a hurricane. "Jacob, what the hell is going on?" she yelled. "Calm down, I just got an email saying everything was fine," I replied. "Let me see this email for myself," She demanded. I showed her the email and it took her all of two seconds to figure out something was not right. "Jacob, this doesn't not sound right," she informed me, concern in her voice. "How do you know?" I demanded. "For one, Em does not call me by my name he calls me mom," She reminded me. "The second thing, when have they ever called you Jacob?" She asked. Once I actually took the time to reread the email I started noticing the items that Esme pointed out to me. "Esme, please go home, I will contact you as soon as I figure out what is going on," I told her. "Okay, but I will give you 24 hours to get in contact with me," She warned. "I promise," I whispered. After she left I tried to think what i would do to find out what was going on with Rose and Em but I was having a hard time so i decided to send another email. Rose & Em, I thought that I would hear from you by now regarding what is going on with the client. I hope all is going well and that I will have you back really soon. Please call me as soon as you get this email so I know how things are going. ~Jacob Black I went about my work and contacted Esme to let her know that I sent another email and was just waiting to hear back from them. A few hours later I heard a chime on my laptop and when I opened the email I was horrified at what was on the screen. The first picture I saw was Rose tied up to a board with multiple wounds about her naked body and an IV stuck in her arm. The next picture was Em in a stockade hanging from the ceiling with blood dripping from his neck. The picture just kept going on and on until I finally got to the end. Don't talk to strangers, didn't your parents teach you that? I guess not because this is what happens when you send goons to take money from strangers. You picked the wrong client, but thanks for making things fun for me. ~ Pumpkin Patch My heart dropped at the wickedness in the email. What have I done and what the hell am I going to tell Esme? She's gonna be devastated at what has happened to her son and Rose and she's going to be furious with me, I thought to myself when I finished reading the email. Then I heard a gasp behind me. I turned and there she was, peering over my shoulder. I sighed as I closed the laptop and stood. I wrapped my arms around her, letting her tears soak my shirt until she couldn't cry no more. I walked us over to the couch that was in my office and sat us down. I raised her chin and let out another breath before speaking. "Esme, I'm so sorry you had to see that email from that monster," I whispered. "Did he just send a threatening email or was there more?" Esme sniffed. "He sent pictures along with it," I said and when she froze I continued. "They were horrible. Don't ask because I won't let you see them like that. But don't worry we will get them back." She looked at me then asked, "how?" "You just leave that to me. We'll bring them home," I assured her. And I meant it. I don't know how but we will bring Rose and Em home if it's the last damn thing I do!