Edward said, snaking down my body. "So boring, you show up and sit right behind the dugout at every game." "I toldja, I like the way-" He gasped out loud and looked up at me with a wicked smile. "They are not-" He poked me on the right side. "-tights." Then the left. "Panty hose?" I offered, and he dove on top of me, caging me then kissing me into quiet submission. I felt his hard-on against my leg, that part of him that was so...boy. "Can I keep doing this?" he whispered, rubbing in the same spot. I nodded my head an emphatic yes. I watched through half-open lids as his eyes rolled back before closing. He seemed to be feeling the same exact type of good that I was. He met my gaze with an encouraging smile, his cheeks flushed like after a game or a few beers, and for what we were doing, for the act, it was almost shocking how innocent he looked. It was just so earnest. "God," he gasped, his open mouth on mine, the two of us rocking with the cantering motion of his hips. "Can I just...?" "What...what?" I whispered, my voice hoarse, following his mouth as it moved away from mine, my mind in a haze. There was a bunch of shuffling of fabric and I beamed a smile into the near dark; one of those nights, then. Edward bit down on his lip and rolled on top of me again, his pants down to his thighs, my underwear shifted to the side. This could happen. In one quick move, this could be happening. I could be having sex. Your whole life, up until that point, anyway, you think that it's going to be this thing that looms and looms until you just know it's the right time, and when it is the right time, you will have a plan all ready to go. You will know it's going to be that day; you'll wake up in the morning and know that tonight is the night . You've got supplies carefully hidden away, friends knowing what to say in the event of parental questioning as to your whereabouts. Prophylactics. Pamphlets. But in reality, it isn't like that. Not for me and Edward, anyway. What happens in reality is you make fun of his baseball tights and he tells you that maybe he's a little scared and the next thing you know, you just really, really want to love. Or at the very least, not stop. "Should we..." I started, and Edward held himself up, his fists on either side of my head, breathing hard, his eyes screwed shut. "Do you want to? Or..." His sentence trailed off into heavy breaths. "If I said no, would you be mad?" I asked. "No," he said quickly. "Not for longer than a few minutes, anyway." He opened his eyes and gave me his slow grin, and it made me so damned glad knowing that even if we didn't, we could. And would, eventually. Edward lifted his hips away from me and ruffled the top of my hair before bowing his head to kiss my chin with a sigh. "I didn't say no," I said, wrapping my legs around his back just as he was going to roll over. "You're kind of killing me," he groaned, then brushed his open mouth against mine. "Don't. Don't be killed," I said, smiling, bringing him back down. "Why not?" he whispered. "Because. If you're killed we can't...do this," I said, suddenly shy, my eyes darting down to where we were naked. And then his pants started vibrating. Literally. Edward groaned and I laughed quietly while he rolled off of me, awkwardly, his pants still binding his legs together at the ankles. He reached into the back pocket for his phone, which was flashing MOM. I giggled while Edward answered with one hand and struggled to get his pants up with the other. "Hey, Ma... Yeah, yeah. No, go ahead, lock up. I'll be home by twelve...yeah, love you, too," he said quietly, looking at me from the corner of his eye. "Why do you get a midnight curfew?" I demanded once he hung up. "I'm sure I don't know. It's totally useless. All the bad girls have to be in by eleven, anyway," he said, tugging on my shirt before rolling off the bed. "I'm a very good girl," I said, draping over the bed, watching him hop on one foot to get his shoe on. "You lead me into temptation," he said. "But I'm cool with it." I let my head dangle off the side of the bed and stuck my tongue out, staring at him upside down. "I can't wait for tomorrow," Edward said, cocking his head sideways to see me straight. "You got practice?" "Batting cages 'til noon." "Maybe if you're lucky, I'll be around when you're done." "Pfft. You'll be the lucky one. I'll be wearing my tights," Edward said, picking up the snow globe on my desk and tossing it in the air before catching it with one hand. "Hah! Told you they were tights!" I whisper-shouted. "I gotta go," Edward said, waving me off. "I've got Em's mitt in my car. I'mma drop it off before I head home." "Don't catch trouble," I sang, and he reached over and pulled the sheets up over my head. "You're trouble." He pressed his thumb on my nose. By the time I got untangled from the sheets to retaliate, he was at the window. He gave me that roguish grin of his, the one he always flashed while at my window before he took a leap. I fell asleep with a smile on my face, completely clueless to the fact that letting him leap out would be the regret of my life. This story is already complete. You needn't worry that you will be left hanging. I will update this every day until it's done.