kiss if this meant the end. The thing was that I still didn't know. I couldn't help despising Evil for killing my parents, but from what I could understand from Edward's story, the bounty was on them because they had broken rules that weren't meant to be broken. They would have been held accountable for that sooner or later. My birth just hurried up the process. I rubbed my face in frustration and then turned off the lights in the kitchen and went to bed. 造造ToT造造 The sweat was beading on my forehead as I concentrated on the knife going through the flesh of the huge orange orb in front of me. The design had to be perfect, and it was something that kept my thoughts away from the fact that it was Halloween, or All Hallows Eve, today. Finally, the pumpkin was sporting the classic laughing grin and I was pleased with my creation. I grabbed it in both my hands and proceeded to place it outside the front door. However, before I had the chance to do so, I felt a sharp pain in my midsection that I could only compare to the feeling of being stabbed with something very sharp. I lost my grip on the pumpkin and it smashed against the floor. I couldn't breathe and stood bent over in hopes that it would help. "Bella?" I heard Mom say as she came down the stairs, but when she saw me, she started to run and call for Dad at the same time. "Oh my god! Charlie, it's happening!" She placed an arm around me and led me to the couch and helped me lie down on it. Dad came running and looked at me with confusion all over his face. "Now? But it's too early!" he insisted. Mom got angry and turned to him. "Well, her powers don't seem to agree with you," she threw at him, but I couldn't have them fighting now. It felt as if I was dying and I needed their help. I grabbed Mom's arm and she turned to me. "Don't...fight! Help...me!" It took everything I had to muster up the strength and get those words out. Both Mom and Dad immediately got into action and collected one book each, which they opened up to a marked place. "You have to choose now, Bella," Mom said. "The chant in my book will claim your powers for Good and the chant in Charlies will do the opposite. You have to place your hand on one of them and choose." I was out of time, and I had no idea what to choose. I wasn't ready for it, but I had to be. I slowly sat up on the couch and looked between the chants. Neither of them seemed to call more for me than the other because I didn't want to be either good or evil. I felt comfortable with both as they were each a half of me, and I just couldn't choose. The chants didn't differentiate too much from each other, and after I memorized them both, I mashed them together in my head. I wasn't going to settle for one side if I could have both. With new determination, I placed one hand on each book and held on to them so that my parents wouldn't try to withdraw either. "Bella, what are you doing?" Mom asked and tried to do exactly that, but I refused to let go. Power of this witch rise Path unknown shoot across our skies On this day and in this hour, I call upon all Ancient Power "She's calling for both sides!" Dad exclaimed, but he didn't try to withdraw his book. "But that's unheard of," Mom cried out. To come to me who call you near. Come to me and settle here! There was a whirlwind around me that threw both of my parents backward as if it was protecting me, and I could feel how my breath came back to me. The pain disappeared and a feeling of strength began to grow inside of me. When it reached its peak, it took my breath away and I gasped for it until the whirlwind faded away and I could breathe normally again. "Wow," I said to myself when I understood it was over. I could feel the power, both good and evil, course through me. Mom and Dad looked at me with wide eyes and waited as if they expected me to do something. "What?" I asked. Mom blinked. "Uh..." She swallowed and tried again. "How are you feeling?" I smiled. "I feel great." "Isabella, what you just did has never been done before," Dad said from his spot on the floor. I looked at him. "Yes, and?" "And we don't know what this means. You're the first witch ever to be claimed for both sides." "I know what it means," I said. "You do?" Mom asked. I nodded. "Yes! It means all those old stupid rules do not apply to me." A knock on the front door resounded through the room, and I went to open it. Edward stood outside and looked worried. "I felt a huge amount of energy from here. I thought that..." "Shh!" I shushed him. "It's okay. It's over." His eyes widened. "It is?" I nodded. "Well, what did you choose?" "You can't feel it?" He shook his head. "No. The energy around you feels the same, maybe a bit stronger, but other than that, nothing's changed." I grinned at him. "Exactly," I said and then I stood up on my toes and kissed him deeply. "Fuck, I've missed doing that," I breathed against his mouth when I let him go. "Angel, could you explain what's going on?" Edward asked, but at the same time, his hands settled on their place on my waist. "I sure can, because we have all the time in the world," I said with a mischievous smile and kissed him again.