around your neck You're an asshole but I love you And you make me so mad I ask myself Why I'm still here, or where could I go You're the only love I've ever known But I hate you, I really hate you, So much, I think it must be True love, true love It must be true love Nothing else can break my heart like True love, true love, It must be true love No one else can break my heart like you Just once try to wrap your little brain around my feelings Just once please try not to be so mean Repeat after me now R-O-M-A-N-C-E-E-E Come on I'll say it slowly (Romance) You can do it baby At the same time, I wanna hug you I wanna wrap my hands around your neck You're an asshole but I love you And you make me so mad I ask myself Why I'm still here, or where could I go You're the only love I've ever known But I hate you, I really hate you, So much, I think it must be True love, true love It must be true love Nothing else can break my heart like True love, true love, It must be true love And no one else can break my heart like you (I love you, I think it must be love, I love you) Why do you rub me up the wrong way? Why do you say the things that you say? Sometimes I wonder how we ever came to be But without you I'm incomplete I think it must be True love, true love It must be true love Nothing else can break my heart like True love, true love, It must be true love And no one else can break my heart like you (like you) No one else can break my heart like you (like you) No one else can break my heart like you (By the end of the song a little boy with Edwards redish hair and bright vibrant green eyes, is sitting beside Bella smiling watching her fingers move over the keys. When she finish playing she looks down and smiles at the boy, they reach out to each other and squeeze each other really hard in a hug smiling and it fades to black.) Esme reaches out and mutes the TV again and everyone quiet but I have to say it, "Is it just me or was that so Rose and Emmett" And everyone breaks into laughter except Edward. "Is this real, like she looked flawless, yet she was always flawless, she looks…." He breaks off he can't even say it. "Vampire…." Carlisle supplies for him and all you hear is Edwards heart broken whimper through the house. "I'm going to call and see if I can get us all tickets to that show in New York, I don't care if it says sold out, Money talks , Bullshit walks and is shit out of luck for a concert, I know I can get us tickets. I just realised that Bella's future is completely black, I can't see her I can see us packing and leaving but once we hit New York it goes black, there is a reason it's not bad, It's a power that is keeping me from seeing, she must not want me to see or something." I dash up the stairs with Jasper on my tail, heading toward my computer to start getting the tickets and plane tickets ready. "Call a service agency and have the New York house opened up for us. We will send our stuff there but we are going to go straight to the concert hall, We only arrive in town and hour before the show starts so a little early wont matter, they say this show will be crazy she is releasing a crap load of her new songs, and playing a ton of new ones." "Yes darling, I just hope the emotions of the fan population keeps under control, somewhat, even though I know that impossible." By the next morning we had everything in a "good to go" sort a way. Everything was packed up and we had the house in the process of closing it down until we could return. If I have my way, I will be touring around with my best friend, I know Jasper and Emmett want to rock it out with Bella and I know the fan based girl population will have a field day with our men. I just hope Bella is happy to see us. I miss my best friend so much. As the day wears on we are all packed up and ready to go, I tell them all that we are driving, will give us something to do to kill the time until the concert. We are in the 15th row dead center I hope she doesn't recognize us right away but I'm pretty sure she will. I really don't know what to expect as we all pile into our cars. I'm surprised when Edward gets into our parents car and he is shaking, He is scared of losing her for a second time, Well he should be, he through her away the first time and by the looks and sounds of it, she never stopped loving him or gave us on any of us. Don't worry Bella, were on our way and you will be able to give us trouble when we get there, but we are never leaving your side again. I can tell everyone has made that decision. We all hit the high way at excessive speeds, wonder who's going to win this race with the undefeated Edward not driving. I really don't know we all go black coming into New York so I really can't see the out come. Okay now, I am really not happy with this whole "blocking Alice's power" thing anymore, it was cute at first, just annoying now. Arggg