and I could see that they were on their edge. "I am sorry Emmett but you can't go to them! Their blood would only make you lose your cool and maybe you would end up killing them." Carlisle said. "Do you mean I can't meet them, ever?" I asked. The memories of them smiling and telling me to be careful came to me. My mother would never lose that horrible guy now that I wasn't there to help with the money. "Of course we're not telling you that, it's just that there is a big chance that you won't be able to control yourself." Carlisle said and tried to make me calm. "And you do not need to worry Emmett. We have money if your family needs it." Edward said and after recieving a small sign from Carlisle he rushed into another room. When he came back he carried a box under his arm and inside it laid ten thousand dollars. "It is too much!" I said and looked at my new family. What in the world? How had they made this kind of money? Were they rich? Well if I looked around in their home I could see the high quality furnitures and other things. My new family all gave me a smile. "No it isn't." Esme said and gave me a hug. Rosalie walked to my side and I then remembered that we hadn't even hugged each other yet. I looked at her and she was perfect! "Hey before you go all mushy over each other can I go and deliver this too you family?" Edward asked and looked at me. "I will put it right next to the door with a piece of you shirt that wasn't destroyed in the bear attack. And a note that tells them that you are in a better place." He really was able to read minds that Edward, I was shocked that he offered to do this to me when we just meet but was also grateful. "You have just met me but I already know you a bit from hearing your thoughts." Edward said and smiled at me. "It will be nice to have a brother!" "I am glad you think so." I said and then turned to Rosalie. Her eyes meet mine and all other things didn't matter. "I just must tell you that you are the most wonderful person I ever seen!" She laughed and smiled at me. "Thank you Emmett." When she said my name it was as if everyone said it wrong except her. "Do you want to, I don't know." This was harder than I thought. But she was so perfect that it made me super nervous. "Yes!" She said and then looked down. What had she said yes to? "Well we should go out for a hunt, you must be starving!" That was when I felt the burning sensation in my throat. I was extremely thirsty! "Is it okay if we go out for a hunt?" Carlisle looked into the room with a worried expression on his face. "I think it's best if I go with you." He said and looked at me. "Emmett still doesn't know his extreme strength and could easily hurt you. Plus we have to be careful not to let him get near any humans, at least for awhile." "I will behave sir." I said and felt a bit sad that he didn't believe in me. "Emmett you are one of my children so call me dad, father, Carlisle or anything else than sir." He gave me a dashing smile. "You are a newborn, which makes you stronger than all of us. So if anything were to happen Rosalie wouldn't be able to stop you." I looked over at Rosalie who seemed to agree on that point. "Fine I understand. But still I am not a monster, just so you know. I wouldn't hurt this pretty angel." I gave Rosalie a smile. "If you are going to hunt, can I also come with?" Esme asked and looked at her husband. Just when he was about to answer her she held up a hand. "It will be so lonely here, you all three are going and Edward is going too." "Fine dearest, you can come." Carlisle said and gave her a kiss on the forehead. Rosalie It felt as if it was the most natural thing in the world to hunt with Emmett, he was so perfect. Even if there was a few times we had to stop him from hunting down a human we still thought it went perfect. Emmett had been by my side the whole time, even when he caught a prey he still keep me close. I loved him! After he finished another deer I saw him change his mood. "Rosalie, I have to tell you something!" Emmett looked a bit worried as he did. "What is it Emmett?" I asked and looked at him with as big eyes as possible. "I just want to tell you that you are the most beautiful person I ever seen and that it maybe sound sudden but I love you!" His hands were shaking and I had never seen a vampire look so nervous. "I love you too!" I said. We both looked at each other for some time and then I leaned in. His lips were the only thing that I could think about. With slow movements I leaned closer to him. He closed the distances between us and kissed me in such a passionate way that I almost fainted. Our lips moved hungrily at each other, we kissed and hugged. Hands touched all over our bodies and searched for more. I wanted nothing more than to rip his clothes of and jump him but I remembered that the others were somewhere around us. This was the real start, my life was only beginning and now I loved every second of it. Emmett my on true love, my everything.