my adrenaline will help. As I'm trying to calm down, I begin to smell something faint. I open my eyes and look around, stopping on the window that's now open. Smoke has started to pour in and now fills the room. We start to cough and ineffectively wave the smoke away from our faces. Suddenly, the door opens and the need to get fresh air takes over, forcing us all to rush out. I guess the hour is up and our five minutes has started. Unfortunately, we're all stuck in place with fear by what we see. There's evil-looking jack-o-lanterns attached to trees and signs accompany them. " Run, run, run, as fast as you can." " We're watching you." " This isn't Wonderland." " By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes." " We're all mad." Lauren asks no one in particular, "The Headless Horseman isn't real, right? Like, no burning pumpkin for a head?" Jessica answers without looking at her. "No, it's a myth. These creeps are just trying to get into our heads." "Either way, fuck this shit!" Rosalie spat out and takes off running. Knowing it's a race for whatever reason, I take Alice's hand and we chase after Rosalie. I can only guess that the others have followed as I don't look back, but can hear people behind me. We try to stay somewhat together as we weave through the trees. We don't know where we are, and there isn't a clear right way, so we just guess and run. The cold air makes my chest and throat hurt as I try to breathe and the smoke from the room didn't help either. My hands, ears, and nose are so cold that I can't feel them. My joints ache and my muscles are tensing so much I'm afraid of tearing or breaking something. My legs are so tired that I fear they'll give out. I hear someone fall and scream out behind me. Slowing down a little to look, I see it's Emily and she's hurt her ankle. Angela and Charlotte are near and they help her up and support her. "Bella, come on!" Alice yells. I turn and pick up my feet again, despite the blisters I know are already forming. I have to stay with her, no matter the outcome. I'd like to say that I'm selfless enough that if I don't make it, I'd want her to for Edward's sake, but best friends stick together. Keeping up with Alice, I only hear a few screams or cries of pain from behind us. I can't see Rose anymore, so I don't know if she fell behind, went a different way, or is just that much farther ahead of us. Pretty soon I can't hear anything other than the crunching of the ground when our feet hit and our heavy breathing. Something isn't right. I try to slow down and tell Alice, "Wait … stop." I grab her arm and pull. "Stop! Something's wrong." I say through panted breaths. "I know, you're stopping. That's what's wrong!" "No, Alice, listen!" I hiss out. It's too quiet and I don't want to risk being caught if we haven't already. "I can't hear anything, so I think we're alone." "That's a good thing, then. We won." "Or we just went the wrong way from everyone else and are exactly where these people wants us to be," I counter. We stand there, in the silence of the night forest, just staring at each other and trying to think of what to do. "Fuck," Alice whispers and we both start looking around frantically. Everything looks the same, but I know it isn't. "There!" She whispers and points. Following her finger, I can barely see the top of a random streetlight illuminating the road. "Oh, thank God!" I say, and I can feel relief filling me all the way into my soul. Fuck walking, we have to run to that light. Just as we get close enough to see pavement, I feel a sharp pain in the left side of my lower back, which makes me fall. I look for the source and see a silver tube with red hairs sticking out. I quickly pull it out, thinking that will help, but it doesn't. I can already feel it working as I look around for Alice. Everything is spinning—kind of like when you're two drinks past drunk—but I find her, not five feet in front of me, face down between me and the road. I hear the crunching of the ground and groggily turn around. The last thing I see is a hooded figure with the face of Jack Skellington before the drugs take effect and everything goes black. I sit up gasping, startled by scraping on glass. I look around and realize that I'm back in my room. The sound comes from an owl landing on a tree branch next to my bedroom window. "Fuck." I sigh and try to run a hand through my hair, but I can't because it's still done up. I look down at myself and see that I'm still in my corset and skirt. My feet are bare and the boots I wore to the party are beside the bed. Looking over to my right, Edward lies next to me, also still in his clothes, breathing evenly. He's asleep, but in my usual spot. "What the fuck? Did we party too hard and I just had a nightmare?" I blow out a breath and go to get up, suddenly needing to use the bathroom. It's then that I notice a piece of paper the size of a mini sticky note on the bedside table. I know the paper wasn't there before, so I pick it up, confused, and immediately feel myself pale. Only two can keep a secret. Reading the eerie words makes me start to wonder if it really was a nightmare … or if it was in fact real.