going on. It's almost like entering a dream, a world where she can walk through the streets, through the jungles and the rivers. But there's never any physical interactions. It is as if her spirit is leaving her body to explore, only that's not quite the case. Because she's still aware. She could walk down a street in Paris and be back in England at the same time. Some kind of spiritual projection, and she can choose who sees her. If the humans can see her, if the vampires can see her. The projection of her appearance, of her scent, of her voice; the only limitation is that she cannot be physically present. She visits Rodrigue two years later, when she has figured out that focusing on a person can bring her to their side. She sees the world, all from that little attic in Paris. She sees the bright tropics of the pacific islands, the clear waters of the Mediterranean, the snow-capped tops of the Himalayas. She can seem the perfume of the flowers, the salt of the ocean, the clean chill of winter air. But as her explorations continue, it proves insufficient. She wants to feel the wax of the leaves, the slosh of the waves, the ice of the mountains. Wanderlust burns through her and Lucy finds herself with the world at her fingertips, unsure of just where to begin. So she casts herself around, throws herself blindly into the abyss in search of something she cannot quite describe. The African savannah where the heat of the sun cannot touch her, cannot send her skin into blinding sparkles. The deserts of the Middle East, watching the sun burn up the horizon until it becomes unbearable to gaze upon. The stretch of arctic wasteland, snow in every direction as polar bears lumber across the landscape. She casts and casts and casts, but the first place that hooks her interest is the deep south of North America. There are vampire wars happening here. It is so very different to the cultured civilisation that calls Paris home that Lucy can do nothing other than stare, cannot help but to watch one of the battles, unnoticed by all those present. It is brutally, vicious and horrific; she's under no impressions that she'd manage to live were she to take up the cause. Whatever the cause is. The former English woman isn't quite sure, doesn't understand why this is all happening. Only that it is. She walks through the towns for weeks, invisible to all. Why this is all happening though; why this conflict rages to the point that she witnesses a second battle not a month later (an incredibly short amount of time for ones of their lifespan), isn't something she's able to uncover by just observation alone. And she wants to know, Lucy wants to understand why this is all happening, even as something nags gently at the back of her mind. How could it seem familiar though; this is not her original world, Lucy is relatively sure of that now. So why does this scrap at the very edges of her brain, like walking over the shells of peanuts that hide at the corner of the road, leftovers from the circus that rolled out of town months ago? It's irritating. Never one to shy away, Lucy makes her projected-self visible to the other vampires in the area. The first one that spots her almost puts her off; a Newborn that leaps right at her, fangs gleaming with venom. Lucy slams back into her physical body, one arm up to defend her throat, the other clenched into a fist to punch the Newborn that is thousands of miles away. Had she a pulse, it'd be racing. Venom pools in her mouth, ready to defend herself, to tear and rip into the enemy that isn't there. The only way to calm her jittering nerves is to hunt, so hunt she does. It takes her a week to drum up the courage to go back. She's not really in any danger, she's not physically there. It's hard to remember that when something is coming at you with fangs and claw like fingers. This time, she sits and observes, picks out the Newborns from the older vampires. They're twitchier than their experienced counterparts; had she also been like that too? Is she still like that now? Surely not, it's been eleven years. Eleven years spent in Paris, learning the language, learning the skills she'll need to pass unnoticed among the humans. She figures out the vampires with the scars are her safest bet, the survivors; she just needs to figure out a way to approach them. . That's how she finds him. What Lucy didn't expect was the tingle of familiarity that struck her. The more she uses this gift (a woman who has never felt truly at home in her body, had felt disconnected; it's not that big of a surprise that she can leave it partially behind) the more things don't begin to make sense. This should not be familiar; she should not look upon the scarred blond and feel such unease. . It doesn't change that she does though. I have a lot of love for the world of Twilight, not so much for the plot of the books. Jasper in particular holds a fair amount of my teenage-self's admiration; even as a little 13 year old I would have preferred a novel about him than Edward and Bella's love story. I suppose it was only a matter of time until this happened, given how big of an SI kick I'm on right now, Speaking of which, I'm on a break right now, I'm giving it a week before I go back to writing because I feel a bit burned out right now, so no update for Marines this week. The only reason I'm posting this is because I finished writing the chapter before my week break started, Tsume xxx