remember the chief mentioned she was coming down" the blonde put her magazine down and turned her full attention to me. "Her and Jasper seem to already be pretty friendly with each other." Alice smiled at me. "What's your name?" "Bella," I say warily. My experiences with girls in groups always puts me on guard. "What's the deal with your hair?" the blonde said bluntly. "Rose," Alice said, elbowing her. "How old are you Bella?" "Nineteen." Alice came closer to me, tucking her short hair behind her ear. "How long are you down for?" "Um…. the summer," I answer. "Order up!" Jasper yelled from the kitchen. "Cool… well you're right around the corner from us. Maybe we can go to the movies sometime while you're in Forks." "Sure," I said, but I kept my voice low. "That would be—" "Here you go," Rose, the blonde, said, dropping my food right in front of me. "Right," I said, handing her the twenty, making sure I tip enough. Rose stepped back, next to Alice, and squinted at me. "Can I tell you something?" "No," Alice told her, her voice low. I didn't say anything. So she did. "Your hair is, like, repulsive." She scrunched up her nose as she said it. "Rose," Alice said sternly in a Mom voice. "Stop it." "The next time you decide to dye your hair," Rose went on, ignoring her, "you should try to get all of it one colour. A colour that suits your complexion." "Rose," Alice said, grabbing her by the arm. Then she looked at me. "Bella," she said, like she knew me. "Just don't listen . . ." But I didn't hear her, couldn't, was already gone, turning and walking out the door with the food in my hands to the parking lot before I even knew what was happening. Over the years I had perfected removing myself from these situations. It was kind of like automatic pilot; I just shut down and retreated, my brain clicking off before anything that hurt could sink in. "Bella!" I sat up in bed, forgetting momentarily where I was. Then it came flooding back: the train, Jasper and the two strange girls. I glance at my clock. 11pm. "Bella?" It was Charlie, his voice right outside my door. "You have company. Downstairs." I blink. I pull my jeans on and opened the door, looking down the stairs at the room below. What the hell did he mean by company? I had been in Forks for less than 3 hours, all of them awful. I had suffered though an awkward silent meal with Charlie before claiming I was exhausted, but really I just wanted to be alone. I started down the steps, squinting as I came out of sleep. I was close to the bottom when I saw a set of feet in sandals by the door, followed by a tanned pair of legs, a small waist, blonde hair with pout lips and sharp emerald eyes. I stopped at the bottom stair, "Hey," Rosalie said, she had her arms crossed over her chest. "Got a second?" I hesitate on the stairs. "I just want to talk to you, okay?" she snaps as if I already told her no. The she took a deep breath. This seemed to calm her down. "Okay?" I don't why, but I said, 'Sure." She turned and went out the front porch, leaving the screen door in a half swing for me to catch. Then she leaned against the railing, but her lip and looked out into the hard. Up close, in the moonlight, she was even prettier. This made it easier to dislike her for some reason. Neither one of us said anything. "Look," she said suddenly. "I'm sorry, okay?" She said this defensively, as if I'd demanded it of her. I just looked at her. "What?" she said. "What else do you want?" "Oh my god, Rose," Alice stepped out of the shadows by the bottom of the steps, her face stern. "Could you just do it properly?" "Shut up," Rose snaps. "Let me do it my way." "Your way is shit." Rose glares at her. Then she turns back to me, smoothing her hair. "Okay. I am sorry for what I said to you. I sometimes don't realise that I can be…" here she paused, looking at Alice. "Blunt," Alice prompted. "Blunt," Rosalie repeated. "What I said was rude and hurtful, and I understand if you don't forgive me." She looked at Alice, her eyebrows raised. "But?" Alice said. "But," Rose grumbled. "I hope you can forgive me." "Um," I say, feeling weird. "Don't worry about it." Alice lets out a sigh and then claps her hands together. "There. That wasn't so hard, was it?" "I'm going home," Rosalie told her, her voice monotone. She bounds down the steps gracefully and across the yard to the little house across the road. We both watch her go, and Alice sighs again, though this times it's dreary. I look at her scar again. "Rose isn't so bad," she said to me. "She just doesn't understand social cues. Emmett says she's just socially impaired." "Emmett?" "Oh, he works with us at the restaurant." There was a sudden burst of music from the little house. Lights were coming on in the windows, and I caught a glimpse of Rosalie passing by. The music was cheerful, bouncy, and now Rosalie was dancing, a beer in her hand. She shimmied past the windows, shaking her hair, hips swaying. Alice smiled, and she was so radiant I nearly forgot her scar. "She's a good friend to have." And then she went down the steps, across the yard and to the little house. When she got to thaw doorstep, she turned and waved. "We'll go to the movies sometime, okay?" I wave, and watch as she opened the door, music spilling out. As Alice stepped in, Rosalie whirled by and grabbed her, grinning, shutting the door behind them.