sorry if it hurt your feelings." I admit, meeting his black eyes once again. He seems to relax a little but he still says nothing. With a sigh I pull out my sketch book and a sharp pencil. I start to draw a cartoonish tiger trying to catch a butterfly. When the bell rings he's gone like a bat outta hell. I roll my eyes while gathering my books and slipping them into my bag. "Did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." Mike says as he walks over to me. I sling my bag over my shoulder then shake my head. "No but I think someone told him what I said about him and his brothers." Mike laughs then starts nodding as we exit the class. "Yeah nothing's really stays private around here. Hey what do you have next?" "Gym." "That's my next class, too." He seems thrilled, though it wasn't that big of a coincidence in a school this small. "Cool. So who else do we have gym with?" I ask. "Ummm... The only people you know would be Jessica and Lauren." He says. Great I hope we're playing dodge ball cause I know one of those bitches snitched. When we reach the Gym Mike introduces me to the teacher, Coach Clapp. She is a rather hefty woman, that looks like she could have been a line backer in the NFL. Her jet black hair is tied up in a messy bun but she's not in anyway ugly, just really butch. The woman smiles as she hands me a uniform and slip of paper. "That paper has your locker combo on it so don't loose it. Since your new I'll let you sit this one out." She states. "Ok. Thank you...umm where is the girls locker?" I ask. She chuckles and leads me down a hall to a worn out red oak door with the word Lady's on it. "Thank you." "No prob hun." She says while walking away. As I walk into the room the bell rings so I stand against the wall as the other girls leave. I quickly find my locker then look at the slip of paper. Seven to the left, three to the right, one to the right, and five to the left. Fuck that. As soon as i get the lock off my locker I put it in my bag and pull out my own lock. My mom bought it for me when I was in seventh grade so I would never have to memorize more than one locker combo. After I set my cloths on the shelf in the locker I close the metal door and put my lock on it. Lifting up my bag I head out of the locker. I follow the sound of squeaking shoes and yelling to the gym. There are four volleyball games going at once. As an avid athlete I've dabbled in a lot of sports except this one. God I'm glad I get to sit this one out. Pulling out my sketch book I finish the drawing I started in Bio. By the time I finish coloring it in the last bell rings. I exit the gym then walk to the office to return my paperwork. When I walk enter the warm office, I almost turned around and walked back out. The bronze haired sex god Edward is standing at the desk in front of me. Not wanting to speak to him, I pull a sticky note out of my bag and jot down a bullshit excuse about needing to get home on time. I place the note on my papers, set them on the desk, then walk out. I get to my truck pretty quick and find Tyler leaning against my passenger side door, which is between his van and my truck. "Hey cuz, how was Bio?" He asks with a smirk. I roll my eyes as I walk over to the driver seat. He chuckles then pushes himself off my truck. As I start my baby up I her him yell for me to call him when I get home. With a smirk of my own I flip him off then pull out of my spot. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "So how was your first day of school?" Dad asks as I set a plate of chicken parm and steamed veggies in front of him. "It...went." I reply while sitting in front of my own plate. He looks up at me as he chews then swallows hard. "What does that mean?" I tell him everything that happened today. The poor men damn near chokes on his food when I get to the Pussy comment. "Please tell me you didn't really say that." He gasps. "I did and worse I think someone told him." "What makes you think that?" "Well, after lunch, I found out that we were in the same Bio class AND we're lab partners. The whole time we were sitting there he did nothing but glare at me." "I'd glare at you to if you called me a pussy." "I know and I tried to apologize but...I'm sorry isn't really enough when you say things like that, though I did mean every word I said." "I bet. You know you really need to work on that filter of yours." "What filter?" "Exactly. Astrid you need to think about nicer ways to say what's on your mind." He advises. "Well I'm getting better. For instance instead of telling Mike I would never date him because he seems like a needy two faced bitch I told him I don't date white boys." "Seriously?" "Yeah...though now I realize I probably should have just told him I would never date him." "Yeah probably." He chuckles as he gathers our now empty plates. "Alright I tell Mike the truth and I'll try to get Cullen to forgive me." I sigh. "Good." Standing up I kiss his cheek before heading