half-cocked, call your dad first?" "What good is that going to do?" Bella asked, taking my proffered phone and scowling. I pulled on a pair of sleep pants, guiding her to the overstuffed chair in our room. "Dad is going to give me shit for not being to control him! I'm not his wife, nor his keeper!" "I know, I know, but he's the most insistent person on there," I said, kissing her cheek. "I'm seriously going to pummel Emmett's ass," Bella grumbled, dialing Charlie. She kept it on speaker. "Edward, where in the hell is my daughter? I need to talk to her. Immediately," Charlie barked into the receiver. "I'm right here, Dad," she said, exasperated. "My phone is probably in my purse in the kitchen." "Have you seen the news? The entertainment news? There are pictures of your brother!" Charlie hissed. "He's … he's …" "I've seen them, Charlie," she snarled. "I don't know what you want me to do. He won't listen to me. He won't listen to his wife …" "I know, I know," Charlie grumbled. "What happened to him?" "Fame got to his head, Dad," Bella sighed. "I love Emmett. I always will. He's my brother, but I sure as hell don't like him right now and fucking ashamed of him." "Language, Isabella Marie," Charlie chastised half-heartedly. "Admit it, Dad. You're just as ashamed. Breaking Midnight, we pride ourselves on holding onto our integrity, our ideals. We are never that band. And now? Emmett is ruining that reputation," Bella sniffled, leaning back in my arms. "We're going to have a chat with Emmett, but once we find him," I said, wrinkling my nose. "He's still not home yet, according to the texts we've received from Rose, Jasper and Nia. Oh, here's one from Alice saying that Emmett is crashed on her couch." "Let me know what happens, Bella," Charlie sighed. "Sorry for being such an ass. It's just that … seeing my son's naked ass …" "We know," Bella and I both responded, shuddering. "I love you, Dad," Bella added. "Love you, too," he replied, ending the call. Bella looked at me. "What are we going to do?" she asked. "I mean, he's my brother." "I know, beautiful," I said, running my fingers down her cheek. "Why don't you take out your contacts and we'll figure out what we need to do." "I know what we need to do," she huffed, getting up off my lap and walking to the bathroom. I heard her cursing before she trudged back to me, wearing her own glasses. "We need to call Emmett." "I think our best bet is to call Alice," I replied, dialing my sister. She had sent a text explaining that Emmett had arrived around four, drunk off his ass. "Hello?" Alice replied. "Is Emmett still at your townhouse?" I asked. "Dear God, YES! He's snoring like a freight train," she groaned. "I'm hiding in my bedroom while he's using my chenille pillows to collect his drool. I can't believe him." "Why did you let him in?" Bella asked, her voice hard. "Because he wouldn't stop pounding on my door and my neighbors were getting pissed. He was too drunk to go anywhere else," Alice said. "Do you want me to wake him?" "Yes," Bella replied. "And when he's hungover like this, you'll have to essentially wake the dead. Start with twisting his nipple." "Ewwww, no! There's stripper glitter on it," Alice whined. "That shit is all over my couch!" "Then, grab some lids from your kitchen and bang them together, right in his ear," Bella snickered. "Then, pour water on his face." "That is doable. I'm so grateful my living room is tiled," Alice snickered. We heard her searching through drawers and getting the water. There was a dull thud, presumably Alice putting the phone down. Then, the most obnoxious noise filtered through the tinny speakers of my phone. "WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP!" Alice screamed, slamming the pan covers together. There was a splash and a booming stream of expletives. Once things quieted down, Alice said sweetly, "Bella wants to talk to you." "Fuck," Emmett groaned. "I'm so dead." "You have no idea," Bella screamed. "Though, I'm going to be small potatoes compared to your wife !" He groaned even louder, disconnecting the call. "I think he gets it." "I hope so. Let me send a text out. Band meeting," I sighed. "Can't we go back to bed?" Bella whimpered. "Tempting, beautiful. Very tempting," I frowned. A/N: So, there you have it. The first chapter of the La Cantante sequel, La Musical Del Cuore. There will be music, laughter, drama, some angst and a whole lot of lemons. Bella and Edward have gotten older and their love has only grown and become more , um, colorful in the bedroom department. Gone is the shy, reserved Bella. She knows what she wants and that's her fuckhot hubby. Anyway, you can find teasers and pictures on my original blog. Link for that is on my profile. You can also find me on Facebook: Tufano79's Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation. I'm also on twitter: tufano79. Pictures of their outfits for the Grammys, the nightclub, and Bella and Edward's home are on the blog. In regards to updating, I am planning on updating on every other TUESDAY with a teaser on the opposite Tuesday until I can get a surplus of chapters. Once I get more chapters, I'll update on Tuesdays and Saturdays, but that probably won't happen until the summer. Thank you to Clo for creating the beautiful banner for this story. Check out her amazing manips and banners on Facebook. You can find her on TWCS under the author name: heartfortwilight. She also has written the sexy and amazing Bound Series. (Totally needed a shamwow when reading that first installment. Dayum!) Enough of me rambling! Leave me some loving! Up next will be the band meeting, Emmett's shaming and some planning for the upcoming tour. Hugs!