you can't really tell," she shrugged. She stood up, pulling up her shirt and displaying her belly. It wasn't flat like before. I could see a roundness to it. My eyes filled with tears as I touched the screen, wishing I could be there with her. "Edward? Are you alright?" She sat back down and noticed I was crying. "Baby, please don't cry. I'm an emotional mess and seeing you with tears in your eyes? So not helping." "Sorry, my precious loves," I sniffled. "I'm just so happy. I can't wait to be there for you. Both of you. One request, though." "What's that?" Bella asked. "Don't find out what it is. I want to be there when the doctor is able to let you know," I said. "I'm going to be missing enough appointments. I want to be there for the big one. You know?" "I think I can handle that," she said, her lips pulling up into a wide smile. "I'll schedule it for the day after you arrive home. My OB has hours on Saturday." We talked for a few more minutes before the craziness of the day caught up with me. It was well after four in the morning and I had to be on duty by 1100. Reluctantly, we hung up, crooning our love for each other. I also said that I loved our baby and that I couldn't wait to meet him or her. As I went to sleep, I dreamt of a green eyed cherub with my Bella's hair, smiling up at me. I was going to be a daddy. A daddy! xx IBHFC xx BPOV "Ugh, I'm as big as a house," I grumbled, putting my hand on my belly. I was trying to find something to wear to greet Edward. He was arriving at McChord Air Force Base. I couldn't get anything to fit over my baby belly. Huffing out a breath, I swiped a blue dress and put it on. Fluffing my hair, I slipped on my ballet flats and waddled down to my living room. Carlisle and Esme were coming with me to greet my husband and the father of my baby. "You all ready?" "Make sure you go to the bathroom first," Carlisle chided. "Good point," I giggled, going to pee. My bladder was the size of a peanut with the baby. Every five minutes, I had to go. Finishing up in the bathroom, I walked out to the car. We were driving two cars. I'd be following Carlisle and Esme. Adjusting the steering wheel, we took off to Tacoma. Two hours and three pit stops later, we parked and waited for the plane to arrive with Edward. It was due to land in a half hour. I was giddy and nervous. Giddy because my Edward was coming home. Permanently. Nervous because what if he didn't like what he saw? The last time I saw him, I was skinny, sexy and not pregnant. Now? I was the size of a beached whale and definitely not feeling all that sexy. Plus, this was not according to our plan. While he was home in December, we made a plan of what we wanted. We'd try to have children, really going for it while I was off for summer vacation. We wanted one last summer of freedom before having babies. But, that all went away when I discovered I was pregnant. I was overjoyed at being a mom and so scared that our baby would never meet their father. Thankfully, there were no huge issues with Edward's time in Afghanistan. He finished out his tour, heading up to Germany at the beginning of June for his psych evaluation and beginning the process of ending his time with the Army. Twisting my ring, I saw a plane approach the airport. Within a few moments, a large transport plane landed, taxiing to the opening of a large hangar. Esme grabbed my hand and we waited for the soldiers to deplane. It seemed like forever for the soldiers to begin entering the hangar. Most of them were army privates, wearing desert fatigues. Ten minutes later, the officers deplaned and standing in his full major's uniform was my husband. He proudly walked off the plane, shaking the hand of commanding officer of the base. A file was handed to Edward and he smiled when he opened it. Shaking his hand again, Edward began searching for us in the crowd. We were off to the side, sitting on one of the few benches. Carlisle eventually stood up on the bench, whistling loudly and waving wildly. Edward's eyes widened and he moved quickly through the crowd. I could tell that he wanted to sprint to us, but being an officer, he had to show restraint. Breaking through the crowd of reunited families, Edward got to us. Carlisle helped me to my feet as Edward finally reached us. He hugged his parents tightly before turning to me. "Bella," he breathed, taking off his hat. His hair was longer and perfectly mussed. He reached out, laying his hands on my belly. Our baby decided to make its presence known and he kicked at Edward's hands. "It's real, my precious loves." "Yes," I said, tears falling down my cheeks. He crushed me to his chest, lifting me up off the ground. I protested, saying I was too heavy but Edward just held me tighter. Placing me gently on my feet, I looked up into his eyes. "Welcome home, Dr. Cullen. I love you so much." "As I love you, Mrs. Cullen," he said, bending his head to press a soft, gentle kiss to my lips. "I told you I'd be back." "You did," I giggled. "You'll be home for every Christmas. No curmudgeony colonels keeping us apart." "Every one, my precious love. I'll be home for each and every Christmas," he smiled crookedly, laying his hand on my belly and pressing his lips to mine. My husband was home. Fin