them all; Tyler kissed me in front of all of his friends. All of our friends. It was shocking to everyone, especially me. I would have never expected Tyler to come out to anyone, let alone a bunch of people in one moment. He apologized for being an ass and promised to make it up to me. I was forgiving, but that didn't last for long when he became the target of Klaus. And when Klaus discovered that I was dating Tyler, he voiced it out Tyler that I would soon be his, and Tyler would become apart of the army he was building, and we no longer would be able to see each other. Chaos broke from there. The more we tried protecting Katherine and Elena, the more insistent on claiming his prizes. Who knew that it would be that difficult, but with his siblings, Rebecca and Elijah, they easily took the blood samples, and for my punishment for going against him, I was forced to watch him use Tyler as his first experiment. I became Tyler's target; Klaus' plaything in his sick game, and my grandmother's secret weapon. When Klaus wasn't screwing around with Tyler and my relationship by purposely sending him after us, my grandmother began training Bonnie and I along with Bonnie's grandma on how to finally getting rid of the vampire's for good; well at least these types. I never knew what they meant at that moment. But after discovering the consequences of ridding Klaus and his siblings, Bonnie and I discovered that we'd lose practically most of our friends. With Elena being recently changed into a vampire and Tyler being changed into a hybrid, we both came to a halt. It was just something we couldn't do, and if we hadn't, apparently we'd regret it. But rather than luring Klaus and the originals in for their last minute of existence, we might have done the wrong thing by turning the tables and rewriting the spell and changing the ritual by not exactly destroying ever bit of them, but instead petrifying their bodies so they would remain immobile for years until either Bonnie or I released them. Thankfully, Allaric and the Salvatore brothers separated the bodies and hid them in different locations in the world where they would only find them. It wasn't exactly the plan that we were supposed to go with, but Bonnie and I were sure that this would probably be the best plan so far. I thought from then on things would be going great and Tyler and I could pick up the pieces where we left off. But he had become distant and began to ignore me, and I became restless knowing that I did most of it for nothing. Everyone was graduating and going their separate ways, so I decided that I would too. Seattle seemed to my best bet since I seemed to be losing everything that year, including my grandmother. She passed before she could see me graduate, and it really felt like my life was falling apart. When Tyler discovered that I was the only one that was really leaving rather than joining the rest of the group, he started coming around again, trying to convince me to come with them. I just couldn't I felt that this chapter in my life was over with. Then he offered to change me. At first I felt offended, I despised most vampires, and yet he was asking me to become half of one. I would lose everything I had become just to become a hybrid. His motive made sense at the moment; this was his way of making sure that we could spend eternity together. But even then, that was hard to believe that he was willing to spend the rest of his existence with me, and I realized that it was just something I didn't want. I gave Tyler my answer, and he wasn't too pleased with it. It was more of blaming me now that I was the reason our relationship fell apart. He really made me feel like shit, and I knew that he was toxic, but a part of me was still in love with him. I wanted to make things at least tolerable, but he took it as something more. He bit me. It was supposed to be my goodbye that turned into my biggest mistake. I wanted him to know that the love was there, but not really worth saving. I don't remember much from then on other than the shouting and screaming. The abuse. The hate. The blood. I fled the scene and found my way at Bonnie and her grandma's. By the time I reached them, the thirst was already getting the best of me, and all I could do was beg them to kill me. The thing was, the bite was already killing me. I was immune to the change, but that didn't mean that I would live unless Bonnie hadn't done anything about it. It took several days for them to keep me alive and bring me back. Unfortunately, with reviving me, I would be back at square one. I would need to teach myself how to use my powers once again, and I just couldn't do that here, which is why I've been driving for hours to a reservation known as La Push, to the only place where I had living relatives that might be able to help me. My aunt Tiffany and her son could help me regain what I lost. I left everything behind to start over. Hoping that if I had ever had to return to Mystic Falls, I would never have to go through the same thing. If only I could find the house now. A/N: I debated whether I should have switched Brandon with Jeremy Gilbert, what do you guys think. Should I leave it or change it. Anyways, please review and let me know it this is continue-worthy. Much Love, TurnItUp03