had such a tiny wedding." "Bella!" Alice whined. "I have so many ideas. I'm just waiting to find out if I need to buy blue or pink for my niece or nephew. It's not like you're having triplets or anything. I want to spoil my niece or nephew." "You can do it without a baby shower," Bella said. "Alice, we'll plan something and just spring it on her," Rose whispered conspiratorially. "Edward will help, right?" "Oh, no. I value my manhood. And my wife plus pregnant plus angry equals an Edward that is a eunuch," I said. "I want more than one child. I'll make sure she's there, but I will not help plan." "Come and get it," Bella said. We all sat around the table and ate the brunch that Bella had prepared. Esme had also brought some of her famous blueberry muffins. Marcus asked Jasper about some things about Whitlock Technologies. Jasper happily spoke about our company. We had made a mutual decision to split the company into two different divisions. I was the head of the new hardware part of Whitlock and Jasper kept his hand in the software aspect. This decision came after I had received abundant praise for the mini microphone and the tablet that we had launched right before Christmas. The mini microphone was a gadget that I invented in college and we used it to bring down Emmett. Charlie had requested it for the Chicago Police Department and now we have nearly seventy five cities asking for them. I was currently working on an upgrade for the tablet and a tiny camera that could be hidden in a button. Alex explained that he was hired by the foundation permanently as the head of psychology. The foundation was the Cullen Children's Foundation. It was a safe haven for children who were taunted, bullied and teased. We had opened up a location in Chicago and we're looking to open a location in the suburbs. Demetri also told us that he had received a promotion at his stock brokerage firm. We broke out the champagne for those announcements, in addition to Rose's latest novel making the New York Times best seller list. After the news from our family, Bella and I looked at each other. I blushed but smiled at my glowing wife. God, I love her. "We have some news, too," I said. "You're expecting triplets?" Alice chirped. "No, Alice," Bella sighed. "We found out the gender of the baby. Finally." "And?" they all asked. "Why don't you come and see the nursery for the answer," I smiled. I led my family up the stairs to the nursery. It was around the corner from our bedroom and used to be a guest bedroom. I stood in front of the closed door and bounced on my toes, vibrating with excitement. "Come on, Edward!" Alice griped. Bella and I looked at each other and opened the door together, stepping inside the newly painted room. A collective gasp came from our family and the women squealed. "You're having a girl?" Esme gushed. "Yes, we are," Bella said as she wrapped her arms around my waist. "And we have a name, too." "Mary Alice has a nice ring to it," Alice joked. "So does Rosalie Lillian," Rose teased. "Alexandra is pretty sweet," Alex said as he winked at us. "You could always go with Jasmine," Jasper snickered. "If you want your daughter to be a stripper." "Jasmine, you're an asshole," I snapped. "My daughter is not going to be a stripper. Over my dead, rotting corpse." "Get a shot gun now, Edward," Charlie laughed. "That's what I said at the wedding, remember?" Rose said, arching a brow. "I can only imagine your daughter. A little bronze haired beauty with her mother's eyes and father's brains. I can smell Ivy League." "Do you want to know the name?' Bella chirped. "Yes, Bella," Esme said as she hugged her. "What is my granddaughter's name?" Bella licked her lips and grinned widely. "Kyra Marie Cullen." "Oh, Bella," Esme sniffled. "That is beautiful." "We wanted to name her after her grandmothers," Bella said. "Kyra for you and Marie for Renee. It also happens to be my middle name. Plus it was my grandmother's first name." "Congratulations beautiful Bella," Demetri said as he hugged her. He then turned and hugged me, kissing my cheek. "I'm so proud of you big brother." "Thanks, Dem," I smiled. "I'm so happy. Now I have an idea of what colors I need to get. Bella, please say I can decorate the room?" Alice squeaked. "I've already got the furnishings and bedding," Bella frowned. "We would have had it up but I waited to the last minute to choose the paint colors." "But…" "How about this, Alice? You can plan a baby shower and I won't complain," Bella smiled. "My daughter deserves to be spoiled by Auntie Alice and Auntie Rose." "Really?" Alice shrieked. "Yes, Alice," Bella nodded. "ROSE! Let's go plan. We have a niece to spoil," Alice said as she grabbed Rose's hand. The rest of the family left our nursery and we stood in the large room. "What have I done?" "Made a deal with the devil, Bella." "Fuck my life," she grumbled as she buried her head against my chest. I hugged her and kissed her hair, but chuckled silently as I listened to my sister and Rose squeal like banshees in the house. My child is going to be so spoiled… A/N: And there you have it. The first chapter of the ANSOL sequel. We found out about Squirt. Squirt's a girl. Kyra Marie. Thank you to tropicnebula (Bobby) for the suggestion of the name. I loved it. Also, thank you Judy E. Cullen from the Tufano79 Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation group for the picture for the story banner. Check it out on my blog. Link in my profile. Also, check there for sneak peeks, teasers and pictures related to the story. Leave me love!