we've had on the show and we want to have a strong male to rely on. Plus, you are fantastic at Broadway and surprisingly amazing with contemporary, too. A Jack of all trades, as it were. There was really nothing that we threw out you that you didn't excel at." "That African Jazz piece was rough," Alistair chuckled, wrinkling his nose. I nodded emphatically. It was a piece that felt awkward on my body and was the only time I landed in the bottom two. I was saved by the judges and stayed at the top until the very end. "True," Carmen giggled. "But other than that, you rose to every challenge beside that." "Thank you," I smiled, a blush covering my cheeks. "Those ballet and contemporary classes my mom made me take paid off, in the long run. Well, except for the African Jazz number." "In addition in being an All-Star, I'd also like for you to choreograph, Edward. I spoke with Emmett and he said that half of the routine you did with him was choreographed by you. So, we'd like you to work with Irina, the winner from a year ago for the callback piece. You know how the auditions are run. If you're awesome, like you were, you go straight to the Los Angeles callbacks. If you're good, but we want to see more, you are asked to stay for the choreography round. If you're awful, then you're sent packing," Alistair chuckled. "In addition to the choreography for the callbacks, we'd like you to help out with Los Angeles callback week. Also, we want you to choreograph two numbers for the show. One would be a group number, a Broadway piece and the other would be with your partner. We're thinking of doing a show where we have dances from movies reenacted or famous movie dance scenes recreated. Dirty Dancing , the mambo? Perfect for you!" "If we like what we see, we'll give you another piece to choreograph as well," Alistair added. "So, let me get this straight. You want me to be an All-Star and choreograph three numbers, one for the call-backs and two for the show, with the possibility for more?" I asked, my heart stammering against my ribs. My eyes were wide with surprise and I was eager for the challenge. "Here's the contract," said Alistair, handing me a file folder. "I do need to know your response by no later than Friday. Look this over and let us know if there is anything that you have questions about." "And Tanya is officially gone?" I asked, hastily looking over the paperwork. "Yes. Banned from the studio and she moved back to London as far as we know. Our new hostess, her name is Chloe Deeley and she worked at Entertainment Tonight as a field reporter in England. She's funny and perfect for the job," Alistair said, showing me her picture. She was a brunette with a welcoming, open face. I nodded, handing him back his phone. "So, look this over and give me call with your decision before Friday." "Okay, I will," I said. "Thank you for thinking of me. More wine?" "Probably not," Carmen said, finishing her glass. "We came directly from the airport. I'm jetlagged and want nothing more than to fall asleep in some cushy, boutique hotel's king-sized bed." "That sounds heavenly," Alistair breathed. They got up and I followed suit. "My cell phone number is on the paperwork. Call if you have any questions." I nodded. "I look forward to your response, Edward. I hope you agree to it. You've been such a pleasure to work with on the show." We shook hands and my potential bosses left my condo. I spent the rest of my New Year's Eve pouring over the contract, making notes and weighing my decision. When the clock struck midnight, I chuckled at the fireworks, burying my nose back in the paperwork. The next day, I went to my parents' house and asked their opinion, showing them my proposed contract, covered in so many sticky notes with my questions and commentary. I also contacted my attorney, Thomas. He came over since he didn't have any family and was just watching the bowl games. We went over the paperwork with a fine-tooth comb and found that it was a good contract. Thomas did say that I should try to negotiate for more money. I was getting a six figure salary, but he wanted me to get slightly more since I had been approached by Dancing with the Stars , being offered significantly more than what SYTYCD was offering me. I called Alistair, telling him my sticking points, mainly my salary. He laughed heartily. "Whatever you want, Edward, it's yours," he said jovially. "We don't want to lose you. Especially not to Dancing with the Stars . You have the potential of winning awards with your choreography and electric dancing skills." "So, you'll make the change?" I asked. "Yes, Edward," Alistair said solemnly. "A new contract will be couriered to you in the hour." "If that's the case, then I agree to our renegotiated terms," I beamed. We spoke for a few more minutes before I hung up the phone. I was giddy with anticipation. My dream of choreographing was coming true. What made it even better was that my choreography would be seen by millions of people and it would make an impact. My dream had been fulfilled. Cross that off your bucket list, Cullen! A/N: I hope you liked it. It will be a Bella/Edward story, but I had to give you some background about Edward. We're going to hear from him again next chapter and meet some of the potential dancers as well. I do have pictures for this story and they are posted on my blogs (both my usual blog and one specifically for this story) and my tumblr. Links for all of those are on my profile. Leave me some lovin!