looking around down at his pack brother in horror. "O-Oh my god," He shouted, looking like he had just seen his best friend raped, which he kind of was, "Embry, I am so-" Embry shook his head, cutting his brother off. "It's okay," he croaked, looking like he was still in pain, "the itch is gone." We all stared in shock. "It's gone?" whispered Paul, looking like someone who had just been told the world was square. Embry nodded and sat up, looking more excited but still in pain. "I think," he whispered, touching the bruises Quil had given him gingerly, "That having sex with another werewolf helps." There was silence. Then Paul said, "There is no way I'm having sex with another guy." Unfortunately, he was proved wrong as, at the word "sex," the boners returned, causing Paul to sigh in defeat and walk over to Jared who was already using his fingers to stretch himself somewhat. This just went to show how desperate we were for relief. I tried to clear my head, trying to think of some form of dealing with this outside of having sex with my pack mates. The dilemma was solved when I felt a tap on my shoulder. Opening my eyes, I looked over and saw Jake, looking embarrassed. "Sam," he said, his voice awkward, "I'm not a virgin so you can be top." I looked down at him, then at my boner, and sighed before gesturing for Jacob to get onto his knees. "Who'd you lose it to?" I asked to distract him as I got down on my knees behind him. "Jared, it was after he phased and he wanted experiment and we kinda lost control." I almost laughed at the image of Jake before he became a werewolf, a tiny little kid being taken by Jared, a massive guy. It was just funny because Jake was supposed to be alpha, but he had let me continue being temporary leader until he felt himself ready to shoulder the responsibility. I had never done this before, being with a guy I mean, but I decided to just follow my instincts and positioned my cock at his entrance. "Tell me, Jake, how old are you?" I asked, trying to distract him. "You already know that, I'm eighteen-" With that, I thrust myself fully into him, groaned at the surprising relief that came inside of Jacob, who was moaning and stroking himself as I moved slowly, trying to get him to adjust. To my surprise, I was enjoying myself immensely. Jake was hot and tight and soft all at the same time, a combination that was like a massage to my dick, rubbing away the itch that had been clouding my mind. "Harder, Sam," he gasped, moving his hips against my thrusts, "Make me scream." Instinct was starting to kick in, my animal making me move faster, ramming into a spot that I could only guess was Jake's prostrate. "So...damn...tight," I gasped as I began to move faster, loving the feeling of dominating the young alpha. "You're so...big," Jacob gasped, rubbing his cock faster and moving his hips against me, trying to match my thrusts, his hole tightening around me. Then, the welcome feeling of release came towards me, making every muscle in my body tighten. "I'm..." I gasped, unable to finish my sentence. "Me too," Jacob whispered, his hole tightening like a vice around me as he began to hit his orgasm. Finally, we both howled and came, Jake first, me a few seconds later, my cum burying itself into his body. I pulled out of him and collapsed beside him as he rolled himself onto his back, both of us enjoying the freedom from sexual tension. Then it was silent, Quil and Embry had left at some point and Jared and Paul had finished just a few minutes before. After we had caught our breath, I heard Paul say, "How long to think this will last before we need to do it again?" I sighed. I didn't know why it was only relieved by having sex with a pack member but... "I'd be willing to do it again," Jacob murmured next to me, finishing the thought. I winced as I realized I agreed with him, I'd be okay with taking Jake's ass again. And that meant that the pack was screwed. Hope you guys enjoyed it! Please review! . . . . TurnItUp03's A/N: I've been in a serious debate whether I want to take on this project. I forgot that I had saved the chapter because I realized that it hadn't been continued on after this chapter for a long time, and I wanted to take my try on seeing where I can take it. It's still in the air whether I will continue on, and I won't until I at least am six chapters ahead. I have tried contacting the author, but no response, and she had mentioned that if she doesn't update her fics within the four-month period, feel free to take over. So I guess these are my problems and questions. First, I'm not entirely sure what direction I will go with this, or if the pairing will still be Sam/Seth seeing how I had already done that one. But if you would like to keep it as that, tell me and I will try my best to continue on with the original plot. Also if you would like to beta, PM me and I might go with it. 1. Seeing how the name is probably the reason it was taken down, I wanted to know exactly what I could call this? 2. Who is the main pairing you want to see with Seth, other than Emmett stepping in once in a while? So, you still have time to vote on the poll on my profile if you want me to continue this or not. PLEASE KNOW THAT I WONT BE UPDATING THIS RIGHT AWAY. Much Love, TurnItUp03