fingers inside of her body, sloshing them inside of her pussy. "I'm drenched." "I see that, Isabella," I said as I sat down in front of her. "Take out your hand from your pussy and play with your ass, baby." "Are you going to fuck my ass, Edward?" she purred. "Not tonight. We're too loud," I smirked. She frowned as she removed her fingers from her pussy. She turned around and waved her ass toward me before coating her fingers with her juices. Slowly, she inserted a finger into her ass. Her lip disappeared as she bit back a moan. "Feel good?" "Not as good as your cock," she whispered. "Do you like watching me fuck myself with my fingers?" "I love it, Isabella. I love you," I said as I moved closer to my fucking sexy wife. "Do you want help or do you want to come with your own hands?" "I want your tongue inside of me, Edward. Taste me. Eat my pussy," she said as she wiggled her ass some more. "All in good time, gorgeous," I said as I moved my fingers to her soaked pussy. I slapped it lightly, earning a moan from my girl. Yeah, my wife and I are quite kinky. Not BDSM but we have a healthy sex life. I'm surprised we don't have more children with the amount of sex we have. Oh, right. Bella had me snipped after we had the twins. "Keep fucking your ass with your finger, Bella." She whimpered as she kept moving her finger inside of her ass. I languidly rubbed her clit with my finger tips. With my other hand, I unclasped her bra. Her breasts tumbled out of it as I twisted her nipple. "Edward, I need more," she pleaded. "I need to feel you. Please?" "Since you said please," I said as I removed my boxer briefs. "But, next time we make love, I want to watch you make yourself come. I want to see you come all over your hand. You understand me?" "Yes, angel," she breathed. "Now, fuck me." "Impatient little thing," I laughed as I lined up my cock with her dripping pussy. Achingly slow, I pushed inside of my wife, being surrounded by her silken walls. Even after all of the time we'd be together, this never grew old. Nothing was perfect as being with my wife, making love to her. "So good, Bella." "I know," she breathed as she slowly sat up on her knees. She removed her bra and twined her fingers in my hair. Her face was turned toward me as I moved in and out of her from behind. "Touch me, Edward. I want to feel your hands on me." "Show me where you want me to touch you," I said as I kissed her neck. Bella moaned and took my right hand, guiding it to her swollen bud between her legs. My left hand was placed on her breast. The movements in and out of my wife were slow, reverent and deep. Each stroke inside of her pussy earned a guttural groan from my girl. My beautiful wife. "Feel me, Isabella. Feel me filling your body. It's how much I love you." "Edward," she whimpered. "So…fuck! I need to feel more of you. Harder, baby." "No. Tonight is about me loving you, Bella," I crooned against her sweaty temple. "Do you feel me love you?" "Yes," she gasped as she arched her back against my chest. "I love you. Edward, you are so much more than my husband. Words cannot describe what I feel for you, baby. GOD!" "Shhhh, gorgeous," I whispered against her mouth. "We need to be quiet, baby." She bit her lip and nodded fervently, staring into my eyes. "You're so perfect, Bella." She squeaked and swiveled her hips against my erection. "That's right, Bella. Move with me. Take me deeper inside of your body, gorgeous. I want to feel you quiver around my cock, Bella. Can you do that for me?" "Oh, shit. Yes. I can. I'm so close right now, Edward," she whimpered. "Do you feel how wet I am?" "I do, baby. So wet," I growled as I crashed my lips against hers. My hips began thrusting into my wife more erratically. "Who makes you this wet?" "You do. The love of my life," she cried as tears came out of her eyes. "I love you, Edward. I love you!" "I love you more," I said as I increased the speed of my hips, plunging my cock into her warmth. My fingers slid easily over her clit due to her wetness. "Come, Isabella. I can feel you around me. Come for me, baby." "YES! YES! YES!" she chanted as she clenched around my cock. Her very vocal response triggered mine and I spilled inside of her pulsating walls. I wrapped my arms around her waist as I came hard. Her fingernails dug into my forearm. With one more thrust, I slipped out of Bella's warmth. She fell forward, lying on her side. I curled around her, running my fingers along her arm and kissing her neck. "So much for being quiet," she giggled. "This is why we're on the opposite end of the house, Bella," I snickered as I turned her head. She smiled, pressing her mouth on mine. "I love you, baby." "I love you, my Geek Charming," she laughed. "Some things never change," I sighed. A/N: There's the first chapter for the final story in the Nerd Trilogy. I hope you liked it. It will be more light hearted than my other stories, so yay! Pictures for this chapter (and the other stories) are on my blog. Mainly, I have the characters and the Wheaton house. Link to my blog is on my profile. Also check out my facebook group: Tufano79's Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation or find me on twitter: tufano79. Next chapter will be the surprise anniversary party for Demetri and Alex. Leave me some loving!