need for it at the moment," He reached his hand out for us to shake, "just enjoy the day with us and promise that at least you'll be apart of Leah's life again." I nodded, "thank you Jacob." "You're welcome." He nodded once again before rejoining the wedding party. The wedding went on schedule, and everyone watched in awe as my sister walked down the aisle with one of the biggest smiles I had ever seen. I had to admit that I was finally enjoying myself as I watched my sister recite her vows to Jacob, just as he had with her. Everything he said to her proved just how much he loved my sister. I was finally content with knowing that my sister was in good hands. I wasn't sure why Jacob had a change of thought, but I was sure glad that he had. The moment my sister found out about Paul and I, she raced over in her wedding dress to hug me and insisted that we find Paul for the next dance. It was for the couples, and she wanted me and Paul to joined the rest of them. The wedding was a hit after that, as far as I could see. Everyone danced until the night settled in, then waving off the married couple as they left for their honeymoon. I actually cheered for my sister as she left, knowing that Paul was right next to me with his arm wrapped around me. With the night settling, so did everyone else. Which meant, it was time to leave and Paul and I were deciding how we were going to last the next few nights without each other. It was then my mother suggested that Collin take my car back to my mothers while I went back with Paul. As long as she could see me happy, she didn't mind giving orders to the others. Paul asked me if I would rather come to his place then go home, which I agreed on knowing that I wasn't ready to leave his side just yet. When we got back to his place, we ended up in his bed doing the same thing we did that morning. It was as if were the ones that just got married, we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. It took less than a month for us to decide to look for a bigger place for us to move in with each other. I was then reacquainted with his sister as she confessed to me that her brother talked about me more often than I had expected. I was the one that got away according to them, and now that I was here, we all couldn't be happier. Once things settled in and we found a condo to live in, we invited Leah and Jacob for a visit, only for them to break the news that they were expecting. She wanted to see me to break the news to me and ask us if we could be the godparents to the child. We agreed right away just as they were happy to be planning everything out. Paul being close friends to the owner of the club he was a bouncer for, gained ownership after taking the reins for the man for a couple months. Knowing that Paul did a great job with the place, he sold the place to him for a fair price and renamed the place 'PS' for many reasons other than the main one being our initials. It was because of the pictures I had taken for the wedding I decided on a career change. After taking a few courses on photography, I opened up my own studio nearby the condo. It turned out to be a great success, and the client list keeps building. As far as it goes for Paul and I, after five years of being together we decided to return to the Wolf Pack Camp Resort before it closed for it's last summer. We decided that now was the moment we'd tie the knot, it was sort of a last minute decision, and since this place meant a lot to the both of us, we wanted it to be here. Little did I know, Paul was already talking to the owners of the resort and found out that they were retiring and selling the place. Sure it needed some fixing here and there, but that hadn't stopped Paul from running it by me before we decided to sell both of our businesses and move here permanently. Before the summer was over and our small wedding ceremonies took place, we were the official owners of the one place where everything began for us. The Wolf Pack Camp Resort would be re-opening in September with the help of Collin and Brady and a few of the others that had promised to come back and make it all worth it. I find myself looking out on the lakefront, thinking how different my life would have been if I decided to stay home. I wouldn't have reacquainted with Paul, we would never have seen each other again, I would never have forgiven Jacob or my sister, and my life wouldn't be as great as it is today. But I'm here, and my husband is waiting for me on the dock for another game of king of the castle. Not really sure who's going to win this time, but I don't really care. Because no matter what we do, or where we are; I found someone to make everything worth it, and I owe it all to Paul. Because my life without him just didn't seem right. Somehow, even though I knew it from the beginning, we're meant to be. A/N: Hope you all enjoyed the fic. Please review and let know about how you felt. I'm still learning to take constructive criticism, so if you feel as so, please be gentle. Thanks once again. Much Love, TurnItUp03