Bella. " He positioned himself at my entrance and eased inside of my body. We were one. For the first time in all of my life, I felt true love. The look in Edward's eyes was pure joy. Bliss. Love. Elation. All for me. I'm certain my face is a mirror of his. Edward began to gradually move his hips, pumping his cock in and out of me. I moaned wantonly, sounding like a porn star. "Oh, God, dolcezza , I never knew," he whispered. "So perfect." "Yes," I hissed. "Make love to me, Edward. Make me yours. Please…" "You're mine, dolcezza . As I'm yours. I've been yours from when I first saw you," he muttered. " Ti amo, mia dolcezza. Mia Bella. " He pulled my legs higher around his hips and started thrusting harder. His mouth descended onto mine and our tongues battled for dominance. My hands fisted his hair, tugging on the soft strands. "Shit, Edward. I'm close," I moaned, looking up at him. "Let go, dolcezza ," he urged. "Let me feel you come." He reached between us and circled his fingers on my clit. He moved one of my legs over his shoulders and pounded deeper into core. Each pass of his cock, he brought me closer to my release. My muscles were fluttering around his arousal. My hips were matching his and I was getting ever closer to coming. "Fuck, Bella. I can feel you around me. Come for me, sweet girl. Please, baby." His soft plea was my undoing. I shattered underneath him, clasping my pussy around his cock. My release trigged his and he let out a guttural roar, spilling inside of me. He collapsed on top of me. My leg fell off his shoulder. Lauguidly, I was rubbing his back as he caught his breath. He started to move. "Don't. Stay," I said. "I've got to be squishing you," he chuckled. "I'm 6'1", pushing 200 pounds." "I feel safe," I said as I kissed his shoulder. "Loved. Protected." "I'll do that forever, Bella," he said as he sat up, looking at my face. He caressed my cheeks and brushed a curl from my forehead. "Yeah, I need to take off this condom, dolcezza. " "Such a sweet talker, Masen," I teased. He rolled his eyes as he heaved his body off mine. He padded to my bathroom and flushed his condom. I slipped between the sheets after I grabbed Edward's button-down shirt from the ground. I curled up and stared at him while he slipped on his boxers. "Do you regret it?" "No," he answered. "Best decision of my life. Too bad I waited nearly two years to make it." "You've loved me for two years?" He nodded and crawled between the sheets. "I was afraid, Bella. I saw what you were doing with yourself and it terrified me. Do you know my story?" "I know that your parents are dead," I cringed. Edward gave a sad smile and nodded. He pulled me to his chest, pressing my cheek to his heart. "I know that you lived Carlisle and his wife, Esme, after your parents' death but not much else." "Bella, my parents are dead because someone was high as a kite and drunker than a skunk and decided to get into a car and drive a hundred miles an hour on the wrong side of the road. They were hit, head-on, killed instantly. When I was hired to be your bodyguard, it was initially to protect you from your fans. However, I made it my goal to protect you from Jacob. I know he supplied you with drugs and the other stuff…Bella, I know what talents you have. You have a good heart, loving, smart, beautiful and so amazing. I've seen so much of that in the past few months since we started working together as co-stars. I hated being away from you for those two weeks, but I couldn't talk to you without wanting to smack some sense into your head. You're better than that, Bella. Please say that you know that." "I do. Now," I said as I nestled closer to his chest. "But, when I came here at the age of eighteen, I was naïve and afraid. Jacob took me under his wing and got me parts. At what cost, I'm not so sure, but I was getting recognized. With the recognition came the parties. With the parties came the alcohol and drugs." "I know I laid some pretty heavy stuff on your shoulders tonight, Bella. Promise me that you won't fall back to those old habits," Edward begged. His eyes were brimming with tears. "I've already lost my parents. I can't lose you, too. My heart can't bear it." "I promise," I said. "I can't bear the thought of losing you, either." He smiled widely and kissed me on my lips. I giggled at his exuberance, scratching his head. "I love you, Isabella Marie Swan," he mumbled against my mouth. "I love you, Edward Masen," I replied. I kissed his lips twice more before snuggling to his side. My eyes drifted shut and for the first time since I moved to LA, in seven years, I had a sound night's sleep. All because of one man's confession and his love. A/N: There you have it…a new story and a lemon. The next chapter will take us back to when Edward first met Bella two years ago. It's going to be a story in reverse, so to speak. However, this is not the end. It's about halfway. Maybe two-thirds. Anyhow, check out the visuals on my blog and hang out in my facebook group. We're fun. You'll get teasers and pictures and Rob Porn (did you see him surfing this weekend? I nearly crapped my pants! I may have to have this Edward surf…fun yeah?) Leave me some lovin, kids! I crave it. (Well, not really, but I do like the positive reinforcement.) I'm rambling…oops. Laters!