my grandparents. I was the reason that we hardly had any visitors, and another reason why Sue's family wouldn't come visit her. She said she doesn't mind, she could go back to the reservation to visit them, but this was her home too. I feel at times that my existence shouldn't be the reason that there is a wall between them and us. I often wondered if secrets were being kept from me, but whenever I would bring up the subject about asking why the Quileute's hated me and my family, my parents would tell me that they had suspicions of what we were, and they had every right to ban us from there territories. They couldn't be sure, they didn't even give any of us a chance to prove ourselves. I didn't even get the chance to prove myself. Today had been one of those uneventful days. Since my studies were being dismissed for the day, I had nothing to do but read and hope that time would pass before my grandparents would return. I still had a two-hour wait, and by this time I figured I prepare dinner and clean up a bit. But even boredom seemed to get the best of me. When I needed a moment to get fresh air, I would often sit on the cement steps in front, reading a book when the rain would settle. One great thing about being a hybrid, a breath of fresh air felt good. My senses made it easy for me to pick up the various scents that blew by. Cedar, soil, even the restaurants from town. As the salmon baked in the oven, I found myself deep into my novel, not realizing that a vehicle pulled up until I heard two sets of footsteps coming up the walkway. "You okay Seb?" I looked up to see Seth standing in front of Jacob. I arched a brow wondering why they were here. I nodded and smiled before I stood up. "My mom told us to come over for dinner tonight, Leah and Rachel should be here soon." He was still his cheerful self, "hope you guys stocked up." "Umm… yeah, sure." I said awkwardly as they followed me into the house. They quickly settled in the living room as they handed me the bags filled with groceries for tonight. I made my way to the kitchen to pull out the fruit and beer along with the steaks that were enough to feed a family of ten. It only seemed right that they would, Seth ate a lot, and I was sure that with Jacob's size, he would too. This was the first time that Jacob had come here for dinner. I wasn't sure why the invite was implemented, but usually Sue or Charlie had something to celebrate when it came to inviting their children. Instead of pondering on the thought, I pulled out the grill in back and began grilling the steaks and preparing the salads I'm sure that the ladies would appreciate. How much portions I needed to prepare, I had no clue, but I made sure to make enough for at least twenty people. For all I knew, they could've invited more people. "Do you need any help?" I was startled to find that Jacob stood behind me with a beer in his hand. "I'm fine." I replied nervously. "…" Without another word, he went back inside and left me to finish off. Now something was really strange about all of this, Jacob was offering his services to me, or whatever that may be, he was offering to help me with dinner preparations. Like I said, he usually made the effort to avoid any chance of conversing with me, and lately it was like he wasn't sure to say anything. "You already started without me?" Grandma Sue walked in with a handful of groceries, grandpa right behind her with Seth, both carrying in more bags. "Well at least half of it is prepared, now we just need to throw more steaks on the grill and another salmon in the oven." "How many people are coming?" I asked surprised of all the food they brought in. "Just Seth, Leah and all of their friends." She smiled as she handed me the packages of beefsteaks. "Does this mean I have to eat in my room again?" I asked somewhat disappointed. "Of course not sweetie," she gave me a hug, "why would you think that?" "Because when grandpa's friends come to visit, I'm secluded in my room and left to eat there because I might hurt them." I said, "Just once I'd like to eat at the table along with everyone else." "I know this is hard honey," she kissed my cold cheek, "but now that will soon change. I promise you." "Well, what is the special occasion?" I asked. "Nothing in particular," She smiled, "it's kind of like a reconciliation, and everyone who is coming is from the reservation, we kind of want to burn the old bridges and start a new. I don't think its fair that they're being so quick to judge you, especially when you've done no harm to them." "But they are in fact correct grams, I am part vampire." "But you're still human Sebastian, remember that." She hugged me once again. I wasn't expecting much of a gathering, but I was surprised to see that all of the Clearwater's friends had made their appearance. And I hadn't felt more uncomfortable in my entire thirteen years of my existence. A/N: First things first, I want to ask how you picture Sebastian to look like, who could portray him? Right now he looks around eighteen or nineteen, maybe younger. Let me know in the review or PM me either way. Also, this is just beginning, as what goes for updates; it might be sooner than later. Playing The Pack will be my first priority for now. So please be patient with me. Much Love, TurnItUp03