I could. "But you trust me, right?" I asked, fluttering my eyelids sweetly. "Oddly enough, I do," he chuckled. "Can I buy you a drink?" "Sure, Edward," I replied, tucking my hand into the crook of his elbow. "What do you want?" "Miller Lite," I said. Edward smiled again and got our drinks from the bar. His scent was overwhelming. But, I had to stay inside of the bar to get Emmett and Edward away. We eventually find a quiet corner. I can still see Victoria dancing with Emmett, but glaring at me. "What do you do, Edward?" "I'm a computer programmer, graphic artist and entrepeneur," he said, sipping his own beer. "I own my own business. I design websites for web-based businesses. I've also created several computer games and online social networking sites as well. How about you, Bella?" "I work in the stock market and investments," I answered, smiling at him. "I dabble in a ton of things, though. Are you here alone? Meaning, no girlfriend? Wife? Boyfriend?" He laughed. Full-out belly laughs. "Nope. None of those. Boyfriend? Do I look gay?" he snorted. "Emmett could be your secret lover, Edward," I shrugged. He cringed and shot me a sardonic look. This Victoria chick is starting to freak me out. She's like staring at me like I'm a steak. Where in the hell is Edward? "Your friend is looking for you," I said. "He is?" "Yeah. I'll go get him and get you another beer," I said as I pointed to his empty Amstel bottle. He blushed, filling my nose with more of his sweet fragrance. "I'll be right back. Don't move." "Okay," he said. I darted to the center of the dance floor and turned Emmett around. I leaned up on my toes. "Play along," I hissed in his ear. He nodded once and danced with me. I dragged him to the spot where I left Edward. Victoria was standing in the middle of the dance floor, fuming to say the least. "Hey, guys, can you walk me out?" I asked both of them. "Single woman. Don't want to get attacked. Two strapping guys like yourselves would fend off any would-be attackers." "Sure, beautiful," Emmett smirked. "I'm Emmett McCarty and you're gorgeous." "Why thank you, Emmett McCarty," I said as I shook his hand. We headed out of the club and walked down the street a few blocks. It was chilly. I folded my arms over my chest, pretending to be affected by the temperature. Edward slipped off his coat and put around my shoulders. "Thank you." "I never caught your name, gorgeous," Emmett said. "Oh, sorry. I'm Bella. Bella Swan," I replied. "So beautiful," Edward muttered his breath. I looked at him and smiled. He blushed. Again. "We should get together and get drunk and silly. Edward is recently single and could use a new girlfriend," Emmett boomed. "Shut. Up. Fucker," Edward spat. "Am I not girlfriend material?" I pouted. "What? Yes. I mean. No. I mean…fuck," Edward said as he ran his hand through his hair. "Ignore him. He has a chronic case of verbal vomit." "I'll try but you never answered my question. Am I not girlfriend material?" I teased, poking Edward with my finger. "I'm guessing you're perfect girlfriend material," Edward whispered. "But, in order to make an educated decision, I'll need to take you on a date." "A date," I smirked. Edward blushed and nodded. The best way to keep him safe from Victoria was to keep him close. A date it is. "Are you asking me on a date?" "Fuck yeah, he is. If he doesn't, I will!" Emmett chuckled. "Go play in traffic, douchenozzle," Edward snarled. "Edward, I'd love to go out on a date with you," I said as I put my hand on his shoulder. "Let's exchange phone numbers and work from there. That way you don't have to deal with the over-grown man child doing the Roger Rabbit." "God, what an idiot," Edward sighed. "But he's my best friend. Gotta love him." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out an iPhone. "What's your number?" I gave him my cell phone number and handed him back his coat. He was shivering. The teeth chattering was almost too much to bear. My phone rang from my purse and I saw a new number. "Is this you?" "Yep," Edward said with his adorable crooked smirk. Waving down a cab, we stand and stare at each other awkwardly. "Would it be too much to ask for a hug, Bella? I know we just met and I don't want to come across as being some creeper." A hug? I haven't been hugged in years. Decades. What will he think of my skin? Will he react? "Sure," I said as eyed skeptically. A cab pulled up to the curb and waited for me. Edward held open his arms. I took a slow, tentative step into his embrace and listened to his heart beat. It was strong, steady and calling me. Don't drink. Don't drink. Don't drink. With a tight squeeze, Edward released me and gave me another parting smile. I slid into the cab and waved as the taxi pulled away. Halfway between my condo and the club, I pay the driver. I find some wayward soul who was homeless and drained him, squashing the scent of Edward that was ingrained in my brain and nostrils. Once I get back to my condo, my cell phone pings. I'm really happy that I met you, Bella. I can't wait to get to know you better. Sleep well! – Edward Oh, sweetie. I don't sleep. I feel the same way, Edward. I'm available any time. Talk to you soon! – Bella A/N: Well? *Nibbles fingers* Should I continue? Let me know what you think. This will probably be in Bella's point of view for a majority of the story, if I do continue. Leave me some reinforcement (positive or negative). Thanks for reading, kids!