"Isabelly! What's the hold up? My arms are falling off here!" Emmett shouted. "Sorry, Em! Come in! Alice, Rose, this is my brother Emmett and my dad, Charlie." Emmett and Charlie lumbered in with the rest of my stuff and unceremoniously dumped it on the closest bed and desk. Charlie walked to one of the desk chairs and slunk down into it. He quietly sipped his water. Emmett pasted on his dimply smile to greet my roommates. I could tell that he was immediately taken with Rosalie. The twinkle in his brown eyes indicated his attraction. Somebody's got a crush! "Hi, Alice. You're Edward's sister, right?" Emmett asked. "Yup! That green-eyed freak is my big brother. Are you rooming with him?" "Yeah. We're a floor above you," Emmett said to Alice, though he was looking at Rose, visibly ogling her. "You would have figured he would tell his sister an important thing like that. What room number? I'm going to kick his ass!" Alice snarled. "Room 300. Hello, Rosalie. It's a pleasure to meet you," Emmett gushed. She snarled at him as she turned on her heel to go into the bathroom, slamming the door shut. "Emmett!" I cried as I smacked him on the back of his head. Alice chuckled and then went to continue to work on her closet. "What?" he replied as he rubbed the back of his head. "That hurt, Isabelly." "Do you need a bucket for all of the drool? Seriously, Emmett," I responded as I rolled my eyes. "Dad, is there anything else in the car?" "Huh? Oh, uh I don't think so. I'll go check," Charlie responded tiredly. "No, Dad. That's okay. I'll do it. I just need the car keys." I held my hand out for the keys and he placed them into my hand. I turned to exit my room when I slammed into a wall and fell on my ass. A wall that smelled really good, like fresh linen and sunshine, and had six pack abs. Fresh linen and sunshine? What the hell?! "Ow!" Right, focus on the pain that's in my ass. "Oh, shit! I'm so sorry," a velvety voice responded. "Are you okay?" "Yeah, I'll survive," I snorted as I tried to scramble to my feet. I looked up to the wall/person I ran into and I was met with the most piercing green eyes I had ever seen. He reached a hand down to help me up and when our fingers touched, it was like an electric current ran through my entire body. He easily hefted me up and smiled shyly. "I'm Edward Cullen, Alice's brother. I've been told that she is on the warpath," he laughed. "YOU!" Alice screamed. "What, pixie?" Edward responded sardonically arching a brow. "How long have you known that we are staying in the same dorm?" she fumed. "Uh, about an hour, pixie. The dorm that I was supposed to move into is not done yet so I'm in a triple here in Patterson," Edward reasoned, crossing his arms over his broad chest. "Oh…sorry," Alice replied sheepishly. "Right, I'm going to check if I have anything else in the car," I stated quickly and exited the room. Holy crow! Edward had to be the most attractive man I had ever seen. Strong chiseled jaw line, full lips, and the most unusual hair. It was almost bronze and was perfectly tousled. He just screamed sex appeal. Damn! With unusual grace, I exited the dorm and checked the car for anything that was needed. I got my purse out of the backseat and my messenger bag and headed back into Patterson. I got another bottle of water for my dad, but my mind was reeling at the gorgeous Edward Cullen, who was the brother of one of my roommates. Stop it. Focus on school. Not boys. When I reentered my room, Emmett had left. Charlie had said that he went to the bathroom. Rosalie had returned and was working on her closet. Alice and Edward were talking quietly in a corner of the room. Alice appeared to be excited about something and Edward had a crooked smile on his face. "Here, Dad. You looked like you could use this," I whispered. "Thanks, baby girl," he said weakly. "Are you good? Do you need anything?" "No, Dad. I'm fine. I know you have a plane to catch. Thank you for helping. I truly appreciate it!" "Okay, baby girl. I'm going to head out," he said wearily. Charlie pulled me into a tight hug and kissed me on my head. "I'm so proud of you. I love you so much, baby girl." "I love you too, Daddy." I cried. "Call me when you land, please?" "Will do, baby girl. Give my love to Emmett," he said with one final squeeze. "See you soon, Bells. Call if you need anything!" "Thanks, Dad." I waved as he left. I took a deep breath and a wave of sadness overwhelmed me. It almost seemed like I was saying goodbye to my father for the last time. A few stray tears fell down my cheeks. I hastily wiped them away. I turned back to face Edward, Alice and Rosalie and plastered a smile on my face. "So, Bella. Edward just told me that there is a party on the north side of campus. Do you want to go?" Alice inquired. "Erm…" I so intelligently replied. "Come on, Bella! It'll be fun! Edward's band is going to play!" Alice whined. "Not to toot my own horn, but I think we're pretty good. Emmett plays drums, Jasper plays bass and I play guitar and sing," Edward said with a smile. "Humility is a good thing, Edward," I snorted. "Please, Bella?!" Alice persisted. "Fine," I huffed. "Yay! I'm going to make you look so hot!" Alice squealed as she bounced on her toes. What have I got myself into? Shit! A/N – EPOV coming next chapter. Reviews make me happy. Please be kind.