as you carry our most precious cargo." "Thank you, sir," I said, nodding slightly. "We will be in contact with you if there is anything that happens." All of the men, clasped their hands in front of their faces and bowed solemnly. I did the same before cutting the hail from the surface of Forx. "Halé to Cullen," chirped my communicator. "Cullen here," I replied. "The Empress is ensconced in her quarters. She gave me more explicit directions regarding our role in the negotiations," Rose explained. "However, time is of the essence, sir. Envoy Maralice will speak with you once she has the Empress settled, but there has been a change in the terms from Jakob and Alphans. You need to break orbit and head to Lapus immediately." "Understood. Cullen out," I said, nodding to the helmsman. He plotted a course and we broke orbit, jumping to our maximum speed. "Commander Whitlock, the bridge is yours. When Envoy Maralice needs to speak with me, please send her to my ready room." Whitlock nodded, taking the captain's chair. I went in my ready room, puzzled by the 'change in terms.' I was also stressed about the expectations the council had regarding the negotiations. Finally, I felt a stirring in my belly and a warmth washing over my body. The last time I felt something like that was when I shared my first kiss with a Klaxon girl from school when I was fourteen. Her tail had crept up my pants and gave my penis a tug. Why would I feel as giddy as a school boy when I had no reason to be having these feelings? It made no sense. Pushing that aside, I reread my father's report and his orders, hoping that we're successful with our mission and distract my mind. Based on the cryptic message from Rose, it didn't sound promising. I didn't want to fail the Federation or the Cygnarians. I had to be successful, but how? I was trying to figure out a diplomatic solution when my door chimed. "Enter," I replied, standing up and smoothing my uniform. The door slid open and a petite, elfin looking woman glided inside. She had long raven hair that hung around her head like a cloud. Her eyes were bright blue, almond shaped and wide set. Like all Cygnarians, she had the leopard spots along her temples, going down the sides of her face and neck. Unlike the Empress's spots, Maralice's spots were grayer with a blue tinge, glowing slightly towards the center. She wore a long, flowing white tunic with a blue belt around her waist. It matched a single turquoise gem in between her eyes. "Greetings, Captain Cullen," she said, her voice sounding like tinkling bells. "I am Maralice, Envoy to Empress Nirabelle of Forx, Leader of the Cygnarian people." "Welcome aboard, Envoy," I said, giving her the greeting that I learned in my research, the same gesture that the council gave me. "Please, call me Alice," she replied, her face relaxing slightly as she gave the greeting. "I do hope that we can become friends during this dark time." "Only if you call me Edward, Alice," I smiled. "Please, sit." "Thank you, Edward," she said, sitting on the couch in my office. "Can I get you something to eat or drink?" I asked. She shook her head, folding her hands in her lap. "It's an honor to have you and the Empress aboard my ship." "The Empress wishes to express her gratitude for the use of your ship and her crew. This is far more luxurious than the most expensive ship in our fleet," Alice said, looking around my office. "I take it that the Empress is happy with her accommodations?" "She is, Edward." Alice blew out a breath and gave me a sheepish grin. "Now, we have withheld information from you about these negotiations. We've also withheld the same information from the council as well for fear that they would not allow our departure," Alice frowned. "We do not mean to deceive you, but this turn of events necessitates peace more so than ever." "Will it put my crew or your Empress in danger?" I asked, my temper flaring. Stay calm, Cullen. "Possibly," Alice grimaced. "Please, hear me out, Captain. Crown Prince Jakob, he has been obsessed with the Empress for as long as he has been alive. Emperor Charel was trying to avoid an arranged marriage due to the prince's nature." "His nature?" "Prince Jakob is a cruel, sadistic monster," Alice growled, her eyes flashing a deep blue. "He ordered the death of the Emperor when he refused to promise Nirabelle to him in marriage. Since that moment, Jakob has sent threatening hails and communications directly to Nirabelle, vowing that he will take her as his wife and…" She trailed off, her eyes darting to the floor. "She is terribly frightened and does not want to be mated to this animal. " "I understand, Alice. You don't need to explain," I soothed. "Captain, we need to stop this war. It's been going on for millennia, for so long that we do not even know what we are fighting over. In order to stop it, we need to stop Jakob. If he takes the Empress as his wife, she will die and so will the Cygnarian people." A/N: There you have it…the first chapter of Star Crossed. Now, this will be more like a combination of Twilight and Star Trek . We will be flipping back and forth between characters. Up next will be the Empress. Now, pictures will be a challenge since some of the characters are alien and I do not have the means or the talent to create manipulations. I do have some photos of the Volvo and those are on my tumblr and blog. Links for those are on my profile. I will also post them in my Facebook group: Tufano79's Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation. As always, reviews are welcome…please, leave me some.