she cried. "He was asking questions about you. He …" She pressed a hand to her cheek. I bent down, scooping her into my arms and she threw her arms around my neck. "I've got you, Bella," I said, holding her close to my body. I carried her out of the apartment, catching Jasper's eye. He nodded, saying that he'd clean up the mess. However, if I had my say, she would not be in the apartment any more. I carried her down the stairs and put her in the passenger seat. I drove away from her apartment as Seth, Emmett's body guard and his contact at the Chicago Police Department arrived. Bella didn't say anything to me. She was curled up in a tiny ball in the front seat, her body wracked with shivers. I pulled into the garage of my condo. " Dolce, " I said, reaching across the console. She jumped when my hand took hers. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry for startling you. We're here." "Where's here?" she asked, looking at me dully. "My home," I said. "Please, come with me?" She nodded. I opened her door and wrapped her in my arms. She melted against me, her body still trembling. Up in my condo, Alice was waiting for us. "I don't know what happened." "She got the snot beat out of her," Alice griped. Bella shied away from her. "I'm sorry. I'm Alice. I'm your doctor for the evening. Come with me." The two of them went back to one of the guest rooms and I busied myself in the kitchen, making hot tea and trying not to pull my hair out as I heard Bella cry. Alice came back out, putting her black doctor bag on the counter. "She's got a mild concussion and some bruised ribs. She took a bath and then I wrapped her ribs. I swiped one of your shirts and some boxers. I also gave her a mild sedative." "Was she …?" I asked. "Was she raped?" "No. Just the physical marks," she shrugged. "Whoever did this was fucking huge and not gentle." Alice gave me a tender smile. "You like her." "I do," I murmured. "Good. She's a better fit for you than the Denali skanks," she snorted. "I'll send you my bill." After Alice left, I took the tea and went into the guest room. Bella was curled up in a tiny ball. She wasn't shivering anymore. Now, she was staring blankly out the window. " Dolce? " I asked. She blinked and looked at me. "I have some tea for you." She sat up, moving slowly. I handed it to her and she sipped it, humming in appreciation. "I have to ask. Why did you call me, Bella? You said …" "The guy asked about you," she said, her voice hollow. "I don't … I couldn't call Uncle Jimmy. I …" Tears tracked down her cheeks. I sat down, tenderly wiping them away. "I was taught that a man should never hit a woman. He hit me." "I know and I'm so sorry. When we find him, he will pay for what he did to you," I said, trying to keep my voice even. "Are you going to kill him?" she asked. Yes. "If that's what you want," I answered. "No one should die because of me," she frowned. She yawned. "The medication that Alice gave me. It's making me exhausted." "Sleep, dolce . I'll make sure that you're safe," I said. She finished her tea and fell asleep. I sat next to her, brushing my fingers through her hair and wishing that I could take her pain away. Around one in the morning, Jasper texted me and said that they found hairs, fibers and finger prints. Seth's detective friend, Claire, was going to process it for us. Whoever broke into Bella's apartment was sloppy. I climbed into bed with her, laying on top of the comforter. She had nightmares, crying in pain. I eventually held her in my arms until she settled. I stayed there, drifting off with this sweet, innocent girl who had been beaten up because of her association with me. You are a fucking monster, Cullen. She's blameless and look what happened? Early the next morning, I woke up with a start. Bella was sitting in front of me. The bruises on her face looked worse. She was idly playing with my fingers and tracing scars that I'd had on my knuckles from various fights. "Talk to me, Bella," I whispered. "How many people have you killed?" she asked. "Twenty-two," I answered. "All of them very bad people, murderers, rapists and …" "Have you ever killed someone who didn't deserve it?" "No," I replied. "Can you protect me? Protect my family?" she asked, her eyes looking up at me. "I don't want to feel what I felt last night. That fear . I don't want Uncle Jimmy to …" "I'd die for you, Bella," I said honestly. "One year," she murmured. "Married for one year." "After an engagement, of course," I chuckled. "I'm the oldest son and my mom wants to plan a wedding." With a sigh, she eyed me and made a face. "It looks like I'm marrying into the mob." A/N: For those of you who read the We 3 Mobward contest entries, this was my submission and it is the first chapter in a multi-chapter story. I haven't decided if the following chapters will be like this first chapter, in both POVs or staying with one POV per chapter. Since we ended with Edward, we're going to switch to Bella at the start of the next chapter. Pictures of the characters, Edward's penthouse, his cars and his gun, along with Bella's apartment (before it was trashed) are on my blog. You can find the link for that on my profile. I'm also on Facebook: Tufano79's Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation. I'm also on twitter, too: tufano79. Thanks for reading and for voting!