along her slit, Bella shimmied out of her dress. She was now just as naked as he was. His hands reached up, cupping her slightly swollen breasts and twisting her dusty rose nipples. Bella's hands were buried in Edward's hair, wanting to feel more of his tongue. Kissing her sex languidly, he continued to taste the two of them. It called to his inner caveman. He had marked his woman with his release. He found it erotic and sexy, tasting her sweet, tangy juices and his musky, saltiness. The combination of the two had caused his dick to quickly grow. He was almost painfully hard again, but he wanted to feel her coat his tongue with her own release. He kept licking, suckling and kissing her pussy as she rocked above him, losing herself in everything he was giving her. Not being intimate for so long had made her yearn for his tender touch, his dirty mouth, and his hard cock. Part of it was due to having babies and getting used to having four children. The other part was dealing with her new body. Based on Edward's fervor in licking her pussy into oblivion, he loved it and couldn't get enough. When Edward pushed two fingers inside of her, Bella's body began to quake again. Three orgasms in the span of an hour? This must be a new record. She undulated, lost in the sensations of Edward's rough tongue, his long fingers and having him inside her. Out of nowhere, Bella's orgasm zipped through her. It was brief and intense. Collapsing on the bed in a heap, Bella was panting heavily. Edward kissed her inner thighs and crawled up on the bed, his knees cracking. "Wo-ow," Bella gasped. "I know. I'm the shit," Edward snorted, pulling Bella's sweaty body to his. She giggled, running her hands along his muscled abdomen. She saw his arousal and wanted to return the favor from before. Her fingers moved to his cock but he stopped them. "I may be hard, but I'm tired. I love feeling you, baby, but I need to recuperate. My dreams of making you scream all night may only last for an hour. I'm old." "The nice thing is that we have all night," Bella said, looking up at her husband. "Plus late check out tomorrow." He nodded, kissing her sweet mouth. "Come on, love. I want to snuggle with you." Bella nodded and they climbed underneath the sheets. They kissed for a few moments, murmuring their love. Almost immediately, they crashed into a deep slumber. Around dawn, Bella woke up and roused her husband with her mouth. They made love as the sun rose, whispering quiet murmurings of their love and renewing their vows and devotion to each other. Tangled together, they fell back asleep until ten and shared a leisurely breakfast. However, they were missing all of their children and were anxious to get home. Packing their bags, they went down the lobby to check out. "Edward! Bella!" Ben snickered, jogging toward them. "You'll never believe what happened after you left." "What?" Bella asked. "Jessica got smashed. Completely lit," Ben snorted. "She stumbled out of the ballroom, wearing a tiara. She was screaming that she was the homecoming queen and left the hotel. An hour later, she came back with three guys and brought them into the bathroom. The same bathroom where she approached you, Edward." "Is she okay?" Edward questioned. He hated Jessica Stanley, but heaven forbid she was attacked… "Well, not really. She was arrested," Angela explained. "For what?" Edward pressed. "Indecent exposure, prostitution and public drunkenness," Ben breathed. "Prostitution?" Bella squeaked. "How?" "She was screaming that you could fuck a homecoming queen for five hundred bucks a pop. Next to her was a thousand bucks," Ben said. "Another 'customer' was waiting when the cops arrived." "Wow. How the mighty have fallen," Edward snickered. "Yeah," Ben laughed, smiling triumphantly. "Look, it was great seeing you, Edward. Next time we're in town, I'll give you a call." "That sounds awesome," Edward beamed, giving Ben a hug. They exchanged phone numbers and email addresses before going their separate directions. Ben and Angela clambered into a taxi, driving them to the airport and back to their home in Portland. Edward and Bella waited for their SUV to drive them home. Bella drove them back to their house. Edward was thinking about all that happened this weekend. Yes, his high school experienced sucked. His classmates were cruel and vindictive. But, the situation with Jessica really put everything into perspective. The 'big fish' will not always be the predators in the real world. Jessica was stuck in high school, still thinking that she was the homecoming queen and the most important girl, deluding herself. She only saw the outside of a person, not the goodness of their heart and good looks and an expensive suit must mean that the man behind it was powerful. Edward was powerful. But, he was still a nerd. And he was okay with that. He had the love of his wife and had four gorgeous children. Edward did have a good heart despite the brutality he endured as a teenager. However, the biggest epiphany he had was that nothing before he met his wife mattered. Yes, it shaped who he was and how he perceived the world, but Bella and his children, Kyra, Owen, Mia, and Masen, were the most important and cherished things to him. His pain from high school was not relevant. Parking in the driveway, Bella and Edward got out of the SUV. A streak of bronze hair tore through the yard and into Edward's arms. "Daddy!" squealed Kyra. "I missed you!" "I missed you, too, principessa ," Edward cooed, burying his nose in his daughter's curls. Owen was in Bella's arms and Esme held Masen while Mia was in Marcus's arms. This is what mattered. Nothing else. Here, he was loved despite his nerdiness. And for that, he was proud. Fin