body. After we addressed the issues with the long program, we worked on our side by side double axels. We never landed in sync. Because I was so much smaller, I always landed first and we were docked points. It was always about being in sync. We were getting close to being done with our axel work when we prepared for our last jumps. We prepared and took off. I landed like normal but Jacob was crumpled on the ground, screaming in agony. I fell to my knees next to Jacob's head and looked for Carlisle. He was on his phone. He flipped it shut and skated over to us. He knelt down and looked at Jacob with concern. "What happened?" "I fell, Cullen," Jacob snapped. "I know that, shithead," Carlisle spat back. "What hurts?" "My right knee," he groaned. "It felt like it completely gave out before I fell." "No injuries previous to this?" Carlisle asked. "To that knee?" "No." "Carlisle?" came a voice. "On the ice, Jasper," Carlisle called. "Bella, go help him. He hates to walk on the ice." I nodded and skated to the edge of the ice, offering Jasper Whitlock, our physician, my arm. "What happened, Bells?" "Jacob and I were practicing our side by side double axels and he fell. Jacob is complaining about his knee," I said, furrowing my brow. "Landing knee?" I nodded and helped Jasper to Jacob. Jasper handed me his cell phone and told me to call 911. I did and the operator told me that they would have an ambulance brought out in ten minutes. I instructed them to come in the back way. Carlisle handed me a pair of blade guards and I went to the back where the Zamboni dumped the spare snow from the rink. I opened the garage door and waited for the ambulance. I heard the sirens and soon the ambulance was backed up to the arena. I led the EMTs to Jacob. They strapped him into a gurney and loaded him into the ambulance. Jasper rode with Jacob. Once they pulled away, I looked over to Carlisle. "What do you think is going to happen?" "I don't know, Bells," Carlisle sighed, running his hand through his blonde hair. He gave me a sad smile, his blue eyes darkened with frustration. "Come on, let's go to the hospital. I need to call Billy." We skated off the ice and quickly pulled on our street shoes. I hastily dried my blades and threw them into my bag. We got into our respective cars. We went to University of Washington Center for Sports Medicine. Jasper was an attending physician there and had special privileges. We parked and went inside. Carlisle was on the phone, speaking to Jacob's father, Billy Black. We sat down in the waiting room. I pulled out my Nook and read as we waited for Jasper to come out and tell us what the deal was. As we were waiting, Billy came rolling into the hospital. He had lost the use of his legs because of diabetes and he was in a wheel chair. He barked who he was and Carlisle went to comfort him. Billy wheeled himself next to me and held my hand, giving me a kind smile. An hour or so, Jasper came out with a look of despair. "What is it?" Billy asked. "He completely tore his ACL, MCL and meniscus," Jasper grimaced. "He's out for at least a year. If not permanently. It's a horrible injury." "So, he can't skate at the World Competition?" I asked, tears filling my eyes. "I'm sorry. No," Jasper said with a frown. "He's asking for you, Bells." I nodded and went back to Jacob's room per Jasper's instructions. Jacob was in a gurney with his leg propped up with several pillows and a mountain of ice. "Hey, Jake," I said. "Hi," he grumbled. "I'm certain that Dr. Hick told you what the hell is wrong with me." "Yeah. You'll get over this, Jake. You'll rehab it and you'll be as good as new," I said as I sat down next to him. "No, I won't," he growled. "I'm fucked, Bella. I saw the x-ray and the MRI. There is NO WAY that I'm going to get over this. My skating career is over. I'm done." "Don't say that, Jake," I murmured. "I know you're frustrated but you'll get over this. You'll be…" "Don't say 'fine,' Bella. I won't be fine. I know you hated me and you wanted a new partner. Well, now is your chance to get a new one. Perhaps Masen will be your dream partner. He's searching, too," Jacob snarled. "Get out, Bella. I can't handle your 'Pollyanna' cheerfulness. I've put up with you for long enough and I'm secretly glad that I got injured. I don't have to endure you teasing me." "You don't mean that," I sniffled. "I do. Get. Out," he roared. I cowered and slipped out of his room. Tears were falling down my cheeks. I grabbed my things and said a quick good bye to Carlisle and Billy. I ran out to my car and sped home. Jake's words were so hurtful. I knew he was in pain but he shouldn't have taken it out on me. I managed to get to my condo without crashing and I went into my calming lavender and periwinkle bedroom, slamming the door shut. I fell onto my king-sized bed and sobbed for the words that Jake said to me. For Jake's injury. For the missed opportunity of the World Championships. What am I going to do now? A/N: And there we go. The first chapter for Figure Eight. Let me know what think of the story and if I should continue. I'm debating on whether or not to switch points of view. Right now, I'm leaning towards yes, but I'm not sure. Leave me some love. Love is good. Thanks for reading the ramblings from my brain!