But you're my girl," he said with a husky tone. "Shower with me?" "I do need to get the ketchup out of my hair," I said as I laced my fingers through Edward's bronze tresses. "And it has been too long since we've 'showered.'" "Bella, I love our children, but fuck me they are three little cockblocks," Edward said. He scooped me up and carried me to the bathroom. "I haven't made love to my wife nearly enough." With nimble fingers, my clothes from work were quickly thrown on the floor. Edward's scrubs were in a pile next to mine. He turned and shut the door, locking it. "Hopefully, no interruptions." "Hopefully," I said as I crashed my lips against his. Edward walked us to the shower and turned on the water. " Fuck! That's cold, Edward!" "Someone owes a dollar to the swear jar," Edward snickered as he ran his lips along my neck. I smacked his shoulder, arching a brow at him. "Yeah, for every dollar I put in, you put in twenty. So shut it," I said as I fell to my knees. I took Edward's cock in my hand and began pumping him. Edward moaned and leaned against the marble wall of our bathroom. I licked the head of his dick. Sure fire way to get Edward to be quiet is to give him head. He loses all ability to speak. Edward moaned and caressed my cheeks. I smiled before I thrust his cock into my waiting mouth. "Bella, as much as I love you giving me a blowjob, I need to be inside you," Edward whined. "It has been too long. Please, baby?" "Do you remember the last time we tried shower sex?" I asked as I licked his shaft. "I had to drag your naked ass out of here and call an ambulance to drive you to Craven because you threw out your back. Narcotic Edward was funny." "Um, shit," Edward said as he scratched his head. "God, I'm so not thinking with my big head today." "Nope. You're using the head I'm currently nibbling on," I said as I swirled my tongue on the tip of Edward's penis. "Fuck the shower. Bed. Now," Edward commanded as he helped me up. He swiped a towel from the rack and wrapped around me. He put another towel around his waist and we went into the bedroom. Edward locked the bedroom door and stalked me until my knees hit the edge of the bed. He whipped the towel off my body and he pressed us back into the king-sized mattress. Edward sunk to his own knees and he kissed down my body. I had changed a lot since I had carried three children. My breasts were not as pert as they were before and my stomach was flabby. Rose told me to get a tummy tuck, but I'm not that vain. Edward never complained. He actually loved my curves. Whatever . You're married to Adonis and you're definitely not Aphrodite. Edward's lips ran across my hips and he nibbled lightly along my inner thigh. With a soft tongue, he ran it the length of my slit and I moaned. Must stay quiet. Sleeping children. Want to get fucked. PLEASE. I bit my lip and looked down at my sex god husband. He smirked and he moved back up to me. "I guess I can't go down on you. You are just too loud." "Damn it. I miss that," I mumbled. "Perhaps in Seattle, Charlie and Sue can watch Marie and we can spend an evening in a hotel room. Fucking like bunnies," Edward purred as he nestled between my thighs. "But now, we need to be quiet." Edward slipped between my folds and I bit back a loud groan. Edward's lips covered mine as he slowly began moving in and out of me. "Holy shit, Bella. It really has been entirely WAY to long. I miss being inside you, beautiful girl." Cannot form coherent thoughts… "Edward," I said against his perfect mouth. "Harder, baby. Please. I need you to take me. Completely." That was pretty coherent. Hmmmmmm…. Edward smirked and he threw my legs over his shoulders. He sat back on his haunches and began to pound into me, hitting the deepest recesses of my core and my body. With his dexterous fingers, Edward pinched my clit while he slammed into me. God, he's so big and wow…Edward Masen = Sex God. And he's mine. I arched my back and swiveled my hips with Edward's movements. "Bella, I'm so fucking close," Edward panted. "Come with me, beautiful girl. I need to feel you come with me." Edward's ministrations of my body and his words caused my muscles to clamp down. My release triggered his. Edward's face contorted into the most beautiful combination of bliss and agony. Though bliss overwhelmed the agony. My legs fell of his shoulders and he collapsed onto his side. Sweat was glistening off his pale skin. He was breathing heavily. "Never can we go that long without making love, beautiful girl." "Tell me about it," I said, looking over at my amazingly sexy husband. The fact that he could still get me all hot and bothered never ceased to amaze me. It must be his loving stare that he always gives me. That shit makes me melt. Every. Single. Time. "I love you, Edward." "I love you, more, Isabella," Edward said. He leaned in and kissed me sweetly when a loud crack of thunder resonated through the house. We both groaned as we know that naked fun time was coming to an end. We'd be sharing our bed with three monkeys and a dog. It was inconvenient, but I wouldn't change it for the all the money in the world. A/N: And here you have it. The first chapter for The New Chapter. I hope you enjoyed it and that you'll read the sequel for A Fresh Start. Anyhow, leave me love.