be anyone." she said before she could stop herself, and Jacob turned away from her. "Oh," he muttered. Bella stared at him, feeling guilty. "Jacob, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I just… Jake, I love you, but I'm not in love with you." Bella stumbled over her words. "This is just-" "It's fine, Bella," Jacob cut her off, no emotion in his voice. "Let's just…let me turn the light off," Bella wanted to say more, but there was no possible way she could explain herself to him. "Was I your first?" Jacob abruptly asked, hand on the light switch, and Bella cringed. "What?" "Was I the first guy you ever…?" Jacob asked, and Bella hesitantly nodded. "And it doesn't mean anything?" Bella looked down. "It doesn't mean to me, what it means to you," Bella said, and Jacob sighed, pulling his hand away from the light. "I really think I'd better go home now," Jacob said, defeated. Bella hesitated to let him go. "I do care for you Jacob," she admitted, and Jacob gave her a small smile. "I know," he said, and then he left. That was the last time he ever tried to talk to her about what they did together…until tonight. Bella cried out again and the slaps came quicker, the thrusts more forceful. "Bella," he barks, "Who does this belong to?" More slaps follow, and the bed was hitting the wall in time with each thrust. Bella was vibrating, so close to reaching paradise that she could almost taste it. "Who does your body belong to?" he growls and her toes curl, her lip was bleeding from her teeth. "You!" Bella cries out, and he stops moving. Bella tries to thrust backward, but he held her still. "Say my name, Bella" he orders, "Tell who you belong to!" What is he doing? This isn't supposed to be real. Doesn't he understand? This can't be real. This can't mean anything. "Say my name, Bella!" She shakes her head, frantically. She can't. she won't. "Who has your heart? Who do you think about before you go to bed at night? Who do you love, Bella? Tell me!" he orders, and the dam breaks. " Jacob!" Bella screams, and that was all he needed but she can't stop. "Jacob, Jacob, Jacob, Jacob…" Jacob starts moving again, and each smack came down harder. "Mine!" he growls, "You're fucking Mine!" Bella's body seizes up as she explodes into a thousand pieces, electricity going throughout her core. She tightens around him, but Jacob doesn't slow down, gripping her hips so tightly that there would be angry bruises there tomorrow, pulling her back against him. "I'm going to fucking ruin you!" Jacob howls finally able to say what he wanted, "Make sure that everyone knows you're mine. No one else's. Just me. Because I fucking love you!" Jacob slams into her a few more times before he finally reaches his climax. He rolls to the side, so his weight won't crush her, and Bella lay face down on the bed, panting. "That was.." she starts, and Jacob shushes her, getting up to turn on the lights. "You love me," Jacob smirks, and Bella lifts her head to look at him. "I don-" she starts to protest but Jacob laughs. "You say you don't but every time we do this you say something else," he grins. Bella frowns, trying to remember if she ever said something other than tonight. "When ever you..." Jacob makes a weird motion with his hand and Bella blushes, "You tell me you love me," Bella opens her mouth to say something but can't. "Anyway," Jacob says, picking up her clothes off the floor. "You better get home before someone notices you're gone, right?" Bella is still frozen, with her mouth hanging open, and Jacob closes it with two fingers. "It's okay," he says, pressing his lips to hers, and there's no darkness to disguise this. It's just him and her. Bella can feel herself shaking. "Shh," Jacob mumbles, pulling away, "It's okay," Bella leans up, pressing her lips against his again. It feels different in the light. It's real now...but it had been real long before that, even if she didn't want to admit it. She looks at him, really seeing him for the first time. "What's so bad about the light?" he asks, pushing her clothes into her arms. "It makes things real," Bella says softly, "And this can't be real. It's just a craving," He lets out a long breath, closing his eyes for a moment. "Bella, you've said 'I love you," every time we've had sex, not counting the first time," he states, and Bella closes her eyes. "Open your eyes," She hesitantly opens them and Jacob smiles. "I love you too," he says and Bella hates herself for the way her heart leaps. "Turn off the lights," she blurts and Jacob shakes his head. "Never," he states, "If we do this then we do this with the lights on or we don't do it at all," Bella gets up and starts putting on clothes, her hands shaking. "I'm with Edward," she says. "I know," he says. "I'm going to become a vampire after graduation," she adds. "I know," he repeats. "I-I'm older than you," she throws out. "I know," he says again. "I-I-I love you," she admits, dropping her shirt. "I know," Jacob smiles, and holds his arms open, "Come here," Bella goes to him and they make love. And this time, they do it with the lights on. Author's note: Was bored and A little stuck on my stories. I'll be updating them soon. This was just a little bit of fun. Let me know what you think and if enough people like it I'll stretch it out and make it a multi chapter and flesh it out a little more...or I could leave it as it is. Your choice. Thanks to everyone who reads my stories. I love you guys!