ring on me, Guitar Hero?" "But ... h-how ..." I stammer, and she smiles and looks at the other end of the stage where my brother is standing with a huge-ass grin on his face. I frown. "Em told you what I was planning beforehand? I wanted to surprise you," I say a little sadly. She shakes her head and replies, "Nah-uh. He didn't tell me anything. Apparently, I had turned into a 'sulking queen' in your absence, according to Rosalie. So she packed my bags and sent my ass to you, not that I complained. I missed you. When Em got wind of it, he arranged for a car to have me brought here so that I could see your performance live." I can only stand and grin as her words register in my brain and that's exactly what I do. After a few beats, though, Bella taps the tip of my nose with her finger and asks me, "So ... my ring?" I cannot stop the huge grin that spreads on my face as I ask her back, "Are you saying yes?" She laughs and nods. Then she rises on her tip-toes and kisses me, wrapping her arms around my neck. "Yes, Edward Cullen. Because I love having my personal Guitar Hero, I will marry you," she says, loud enough for the front row of the audiences to catch her words. Murmurs of "She said yes," "They just got engaged," and "He's officially off the market," circulate around us. Without giving those voices another thought, I drop down on my knee—for the second time that evening—and pat my jacket pocket before taking out the velvet box I have been carrying with me for three weeks. Taking her hand in mine, I place the ring in its rightful place and then bring her knuckles to my lips in a tender kiss. The sound of a sob makes me look up, and I find my girl smiling brightly, as tear tracks run down her blushing cheeks. I stand up and cup her face in both of my hands and then I kiss her—my Bella, my fiancée. ~*~*~*Guitar Hero*~*~*~ As soon as I close the hotel room door behind me, I feel her body against my back with her hot breath tickling the hair on the nape of my neck. She snakes a hand around my torso, slipping it underneath my shirt and then running it along my abs. A tortured groan leaves my mouth and I feel her lips curve upwards in a smile. When I cannot stand not seeing her face anymore, I grab her wandering hand and turn, bringing her to my chest in the process. And then I dive in for the kiss I have been yearning for. She melts against my body as I take her lip in between mine and suck it into my mouth. Tasting her after almost a month makes me almost crazy to be inside her and I let my hands brush along her sides before resting them on her ass. In a move we have perfected over the years, she wraps her legs around my hips, bringing us impossibly closer. My mind goes completely blank of any thought that does not center on my Bella. A shiver runs through her body as I kiss along her neck, heading for the small bit of creamy flesh visible over the neckline of her T-shirt. "Shit! Edward, if you don't take me to bed right fucking now, I am not gonna be held responsible for tackling you to the ground," she says, panting. Chuckling at her impatience, I securely hold her body to mine with one arm while moving the other one upwards to cup her breast in my hand. She curses out once again and I cannot hold on anymore. Without separating our mouths, I walk us toward the very warm and inviting king sized bed and lay her down on it. I don't waste anymore time before removing both of our clothes and then joining her on the bed. As I look down at her deliciously flushed face while hovering over her, I ask her, "Have I told you that I love you today?" She pretends to think and then with a giggle, places kisses along my jaw. "Only about a hundred times," she says. Grinning at her, I lower my head and capture her lips with mine once again while letting my hips rest in between her thighs. She runs her hands down my chest and stops on the tattoo I had gotten after we had moved in together. Pulling her head away from mine, she looks down at the ink that had permanently etched her name on me. She pushes againstmy chest, telling me to roll over before straddling me when I do. She lets her lips trace the ink and then asks softly, "Are you going to get this changed?" Not realizing what she means, I frown and ask back, "Why would I do that? I thought you love seeing your name on me." A sexy smile comes over her lips as she kisses the tattoo once more before replying me. "You're right. I love seeing my name on you. But since I plan on becoming Isabella Cullen soon …" I don't let her finish her words. I weave my fingers in her soft tumbling mess of hair and bring her lips to mine in a breathlesskiss. "I knew there was a reason I fell in love with you," I say, making her giggle against my throat. "I love you too, Guitar Hero," she says before sinking down on me, stopping the cheeky remark I was about to make. Yeah, I did it. I proposed to my girl and, fuck yeah, she said yes to me. The Guitar Hero's still got it. ~*~*~*The End*~*~*~ A/N: So ... thoughts? Good? Bad? Just plain meh? Hit me with them and leave a review, please? Thank you for reading. Take care. Ann