tried to ignore her. "Edward?" She called my name and it was etched with concern. God I hate hurting her. I loved her, but she just didn't understand. "Go away, mom," I whispered back to her calmly, not wanting to hurt her anymore with my words. "Are you okay?" she asked, either not hearing what I had said or she's choosing to ignore me. I hoped it was the former. "Mom, please go away!" I said with a little more force in my words. I didn't want to talk. I just wanted to crawl into myself and let my sanity go out the window. "Edward, I'm not going anywhere until we talk. You are scaring your father and me." Her voice broke at the end, but being the dick that I was, I just rolled my eyes. "JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" I growled. Seriously! Why can't anyone take the hint? "NO!" she exclaimed. Now, my mother very rarely raised her voice and the thought of this made me cringe, but I still didn't care. I brought the cover just below my chin so I could look at her and hopefully she would hear what I had to say. "Mom, I don't want to talk. I just want to be left alone," I said my eyes pleading with her to understand, but when I finally looked into her eyes and saw all the hurt and confusion, my heart sank. I hated being the reason why it was there and she was hurting, but damn it, my heart was broken. I just wanted to wallow in self-pity. I didn't want to burden anyone with my issues, but I could see how this was affecting her. "I'm sorry, Mom. I don't mean to make you upset. I just don't want to talk it," I said, my voice cracking. "Oh, Edward, I'm just really worried about you honey," she cooed. "I know you are. I'll be fine. I just need time to figure all this out. Maybe getting back to school will help me get over some of this. I just need to be away from here for a while," I explained to her. "I hope so honey. I hate seeing you in pain knowing I can't do anything to fix it," she said, only that time it was her voice that was cracking. She looked like she was going to cry. Oh God! No! I can't stand this. This is a million times worse than my sister crying of course. Who the fuck wants to make their mother cry? "I know. I'm so sorry Mom," I said, looking into her eyes. I saw the wetness threatening to fall. I couldn't stand it. "Why are you sorry? You did nothing wrong," she asked incredulously as she ran her hand through my hair. I used to love when she did that when I was younger and right then, it actually felt good. "It's all my fault!" I sobbed. She moved closer to me on the bed. She wrapped her arm around me and pulled me to her chest. She continued to run her hand through my hair, and I felt like I was five again. Wow, how I have missed my mother. She put her finger under my chin and pulled it up to meet her eyes. "Why do you feel this is your fault?" she looked at me quizzically. I sat up. "How could it not be? Tanya was cheating on me for over a year mom! How could I not see it?" The tears were still falling down my cheeks. "I never thought she could do this me," I cried as I reached up and clutched handfuls of hair and sobbed into my chest. "Oh baby!" she cried out as she pulled my hands out of my hair and pulled me back into her chest. She wrapped her arms around me and just held me, rocking back a forth a little. About a minute later, I pulled away from her. I was so disgusted with myself and, I didn't want to impose on her. "Stop, please!" I croaked. She looked at me with such concern and love. I didn't want or deserve any of it. I lay back down and pulled the cover back over my head. "Just leave me alone right now, please!" I begged. "If you need anything , please let me know," she said as she emphasized anything . "I love you, Edward." She left and closed the door. "I love you too, Mom," I whispered, but it was too late. Sighing, I rolled over and went to sleep. The next week passed pretty much like the one before it. I locked myself away in my room, only coming out to eat and when I did, it was like I was a walking zombie. My family tried and tried to get me to talk, but I just pushed them away. Every time I looked at my mother, the hurt was emanating from her eyes. They always looked like they were on the verge of spilling over with tears, but I never saw them fall. That would have been my undoing. Alice tried everything to get me to talk. I loved her for trying, but even her hyper, cheery self couldn't bring me out of the hell I had put myself into. My room was completely packed up, and I was finally ready to go. The pile of crap that was everything Tanya had been burned to ashes. I wasn't joking about watching it burn - it felt good, though I didn't let myself enjoy it for long. My heart that was shattered six months prior was still dead and cold. How can one person cause so much misery and distrust in another? How is someone supposed to recover from the hurt, the loss and the shock to their mind, body and soul? Thank God I leave for school tomorrow. I need to get away from all the fucking pain. ~*Twilightgirl224