Her hair was full of dodgy blonde chunks and it occurred to me how the hell was she working here for, the rest of the staff were pretty close to being perfect looking but I guess they couldn't fire her for either gaining a few pounds or being fat. "Oh is it a big sister you're visiting or maybe an aunt?" Her voice was now sickly sweet and obviously false, like the pack of double oreos and bottle of seven gallons of coke I was craving. God, I was going to be a beachball by the end of this pregnancy. "No, I have a two o'clock with Doctor Gerandy." I say quietly, knowing I shouldn't be just graduated and knocked up. That I deserved the hate I'd get but I couldn't help the situation, I couldn't rewind time. "Okay dokey, Miss Swan." She said handing me a clipboard, her tone changed once she found out that I was a Swan, that was shitty. It wasn't bad now because Daddy was Mr Moneybags. "Fill this out and give it back to me once you've been inside." She said kindly, her voice warm and friendly now that she had found out my official monetary status. Jake led me to a back corner, I sat down on the seat on the wall, leaning my head against it and I started to fill the form, I sped through it just wanting it done as I gulp looking down at the one question I didn't want to see. Father-_ What the hell did I put? I knew who it was, but didn't he have to be here to put his name down and why the hell was this important at my first scan? Stupid. Stupid question. Oh god, what could I put? They'd think I was lying if I put down Edward. I looked over at Jake, his warm brown eyes, they were the colour of the mud when we were over watering the grass and shrubs during summer to keep them alive, a dark deep brown. It reminded me of the summer sun, prancing through the sprinklers scanned the question board and he looked up to the heavens as if he was praying. His lips moving fast, saying something I couldn't make out. Little blip had no chance, did they? No family to grow up in. I slowly stood up, looking back down at the form, taking a deep breath, how the fuck did I answer this. I shut my eyes. Leaving the clipboard with the paper on the small table which was full of old magazines telling me how to dress for summer 2010, it was only four years too late and a few months, it was autumn now and nearing the end. I sighed, shaking my head. I leaned my left arm out grabbing the clipboard and looking down, sighing ready to put unknown next to the father but I couldn't, there was already an answer. Holy shit Father- Jacob Black DOB- 12/2/96 I almost shit myself, what the fuck? Nah, this was too much of him. I wouldn't let him do something like this. But how I wished it was true. Life would be simple if he was the Daddy. I didn't even notice him pick up the clipboard. "Jake, no." I say, turning to look at him. His curly brown hair twinkling under the artificial lights, His hands which were covered in the labours of work grabbing my empty hand and he let his eyes lock with mine, slowly raising my hand to his mouth and he kissed it gently. "Isabella Marie Swan, now you listen to me. I love you and I think I always have right since we were at Pre-K and you were sitting with Edward playing house and he wouldn't let me play and you made him let me be Uncle Jake-Jake… You let me hang with you guys and be one of you even though everyone else didn't…" He took a deep breath and looked at me, his warm brown eyes alive and buzzing. "Bella you are one of the reasons why I stayed home. I'll be the best Daddy to this little one and I'll make you Mrs Black if you want but I'll leave you be if you can't handle me and love and relationships." I looked at him for a few minutes and I let out a deep breath, Edward had been gone almost six months, I didn't have much of pregnancy left now, the bump was growing, I'd looked at Jake, his eyes were dropped slightly at the lids, his mouth in a tight line of anticipation, he looked so excited but at the same time he knew I could refuse and just leave him in the same way that Edward left me. I couldn't say I definitely loved him with a burning passion like I did Edward but on the other hand he was offering to give my baby everything they deserved, a picket fence life with a stable, happy Mom and Dad. He made me laugh. He saved me and baby. I trusted him and I would grow to love him passionately, it wasn't just me I had to think of, I had to think of the baby. "Jake, thank you. I accept. Let's be a family." I said, my fingers clutching on to his harder. I didn't need drama, I needed security and stability, both of which Jake was. This was the best option, Mom and Dad liked him. The twins said he was cool and they'd be able to play poker with him, well rip him off at poker. I had one last question to answer. Mother- Isabella Marie Swan. DOB- 23/3/96 I looked at the drying ink, I just sealed us together. I had made the baby his. "Isabella Swan? Doctor Gerandy is ready for you." I stood up, grabbing Jake's hand. I was ready. I had to be. It was time to face the music.