in the small southern town of Biloxi. Before the loud swirling sound of the ambulance it was just their voices that filled the thick wet air. Everyone had some burning question on the tip of their tongues. The only question on my lips, 'how did I, Benjamin Brandon know that Jennifer Moroney was going to die?' The future was not something that I wanted to know. Gut reaction, take it away, I was getting by just fine knowing only what had gone before. It took all my courage to stand up and lecture to the class day after day, but this was an obstacle that even I couldn't fathom. I must have played it a hundred times in my head. Every time I closed my eyes, I watched the green car sweep Jennifer off her feet, her schoolbag fly off, the car speed away. The detail had ingrained itself into my memory like etched metal that could never be worn down. I know what I saw that day in the parking lot - a young girl wearing a yellow ribbed vest with white edging and faded blue jeans. Everyone saw it. Yet in my vision she was writing a text message on a pink phone with diamantes in the pattern of Hello Kitty across the back. The text was to Brad; she was telling him she was looking forward to meeting him in Chino's for lunch. She was chewing Wrigley's gum, which smelt of peppermint, her hair was tied back in a high ponytail with a pink band with gold flecks that sparkled in the sun and she dragged her heels on the sidewalk as she walked in flat gladiator sandals liking the way they caught the concrete flags underfoot and made a clicking sound. Yes, I could visualize each and every feeling that she had that morning as she walked to school. It was the first time I knew beyond all reasonable doubt that the visions were more than just vivid dreams; they were premonitions. After that I started paying more attention. After that I started to believe. Even so, it still took a week to fully sink in; the same amount of time it took for Jennifer's parents to prepare the funeral and for the relationship with my parents to reach a new low. "My friend Rita told Liz, and Liz told Jesse, that her daughter Clara sees things," my mother said on the eve of the funeral. I'd picked out my newest black suit and had brought it downstairs to press. "Who's daughter?" I said, hooking the hanger on the door-knob before sitting down to eat. She pushed her glasses up on the bridge of her nose. "Rita's daughter, Clara. She always tells stories of when she was younger but they never happened. Rita didn't just the leave the dogs in the house when they went skiing up in Vancouver, and they definitely didn't lose Clara for two hours after school back in the fall. She just comes out with these things; they're just made up." "You think I'm making this up?" I stabbed into the tuna pasta bake. It was one of my favorite meals, but I didn't have the appetite for it. "No, no, it's just Rita's daughter is so insistent that these 'events' actually occurred. Maybe she's confused? Maybe you are too?" I pushed the plate away so that it scraped on the glass table. My father continued to eat his meal quietly while my mother carried on with enough concern for the two of them. "I saw this happen two months ago, and now that girl is dead," I said, standing up. My father glanced up for long enough to show disapproval before returning his attentions to his blackberry; an item which he openly hated, yet lost himself in whenever his opinion might be sought. "Rita said it was called False Memory Syndrome, an emerging disorder. It's not very well documented yet, but the doctors, they all take it seriously, and I can see why it would be so realistic. You were right there when that girl died. Maybe the shock..." "It's not shock, mom." "Don't raise your voice at your mother." This time my father didn't even look up to see me take my plate. I brushed the remains into the bin and stacked it in the dishwasher. "Well did you write it down?" She continued. "Perhaps if next time you were to write it down and show us, we'd be able to help? Come to us before it happens?" Before it happens. Like I was supposed to know when she would be hit. I shook my head and left the room. They closed school for the morning so the entire student body as well as staff could attend the funeral. Her parents sat at the front. The mother, a larger lady, looked gaunt in the face and trembled like a leaf. The father was motionless all but for his back teeth, which he crunched down on giving his jaw definition. There was an older brother who looked about my age in a pinstripe suit that suggested he'd used his degree to get himself a whole lot further than I had; perhaps a graduate position in the city. The majority of the school had known her as Jenny the cheerleader. I didn't even know that, but then I had only taken my trainee role here nine weeks ago. I had known her face from around campus and recognized her immediately in the vision, but now that meant only one thing. I had known more than two months ago that she would be hit by that car – I'd been given a head-start to save her, and of that I had failed. As I listened to the headmaster's eulogy, praising Jennifer for being such a hard working, bright, sunny student, I received the vision that changed my life forever. Perhaps it was my karma, but to me it just looked like my death.