she couldn't stop them from moving. I held her face in my hands, "You have nothing to be sorry for, Bella." Anywhere I, would've followed you. "I don't want to leave." She shook her head, a stream of tears falling down her face, "I want to stay here with you. I want to marry you and have babies, remember?" I nodded my head, "I remember, baby." I could hear myself in my own head, begging God to let her stay. She knew me. Clearly her brain was okay now. She could get better and be alive. She didn't have to die. But I was a doctor, and I knew this was just the good before the bad. She was better before she became worse. Fatally worse. And I had to accept it and enjoy my last few moments with her. "I don't want to let you go, Bella... But it's going to be okay." "I'm scared." She whispered, her teeth gritting as her eyes shut quickly and she whimpered quietly. "Don't be... I'll be right here... I promise." "Will you always remember me?" She asked softly, her eyes opening again to stare at me. "Always." I swore, "ALWAYS." She reached up with shaking fingers, and I revelled in the feeling of her touch as she ran a trail along my forehead, down my nose, across my lips, finally stopping at my cheek. I couldn't quite believe that this was happening. To go from being in love with each other, to her "almost death", to her not knowing me at all, and now... She knew me again, just for a little while... Just before she left for good... It was like a little goodbye. It was one last comforting message. "You have to know, Edward... You're the best thing that ever happened to me... And I know it's fate that I have to leave... But I loved you since the day I met you, all the way back when we were three years old. I loved you everyday, and you're the most kind, caring, handsome, smart, loving man that I could've ever had the pleasure of knowing." She reached forward a little, and softly placed her lips to mine, kissing me gently, "I love you, Edward Cullen. And in my own head, we got married and had babies and had the best life ever." I stared at her, hating myself for crying because I knew it was just upsetting her more. I'd been imagining having her back for the past year, and now I could barely speak. But I forced myself. "Miss Bella Swan, do you take me, Edward Cullen, to be your husband... For better or worse, in sickness and in health," I stuttered quietly, "As long as we both shall live?" She nodded her head with a teary smile, running her shaking fingers through my hair as she struggled for a breath, "I do." My eyes closed at the sound of those words. The words I'd longed to hear for so long. Through her agony, she managed to return the question to me, and I nodded automatically, "I do. Always." I hugged her tight, placing a kiss on her forehead as I watched her eyes droop a little, "I haven't got much time left." She murmured, "I can feel it." I didn't say a word, instead I moved us around in the bed, cradling her against my chest, thankful that I got to hold her one last time. She sighed against me, placing her head over my heart, smiling to herself gently. "Bella?" I called her softly, and she looked up at me with an achingly slow pace, "Are you in much pain?" I could feel her shaking in my arms, and I could hear the struggle for her breath, but she just smiled, "I can tell you feel guilty for this..." I nodded my head in confirmation, "Don't... I would go through all this pain a million times, just to get to do this one last time." I stroked her cheek gently, leaning down to kiss her, "I love you Mrs Cullen." She smiled against my lips, her breath coming in a shallow puff, "I love you too. Always." Say something, I'm giving up on you... "Wait for me." I told her, "You better wait for me." "I'll be the one in the wedding dress." She giggled. I laughed despite myself, watching as her eyes drooped closed and her body gradually became limp in my arms. Her chest rose and fell, the interval between each breath becoming longer. Say something... "I love you, Edward." She whispered suddenly. "I love you too, Bella," I whispered back to her, just as she let out her last breath. I could tell she was gone within seconds, and I crushed my face into her hair as I finally let out the real tears I'd been holding in. I was shaking, causing her body to bob in my arms as guilt racked my bones. I know she'd told me not to feel guilty, but I did. Because I was so irrevocably happy that she'd come back to me, just for a short few minutes... And she'd put herself through pain to do so. Should I feel guilty? Should I be happy I got to tell her I love her? Should I be grateful that she finally said "i do" and I got to kiss her one last time? I played her "I love you" on repeat in my mind as I gazed down at her body, planting one last kiss on her lips. Tell me... What would you do, if the love of your life suddenly reappeared? Would you rather they felt a million shards of pain, but they got to declare their love and you got to hold them in your arms one last time? Or you would rather they fell asleep peacefully, with no pain, to never wake up again. You have five seconds to decide. What would you do? Go.