to stare at people's chest when you first meet them." He looked towards the ground and sighed. "Look I want to introduce myself properly I know we got off to the wrong foot but I want to say sorry." I nodded and he continued. "I'm Emmett McCarthy so are you Edward and Pixie's new sister?" "Yeah I'm Bella Swan." He held out his hand and I shook it sending sparks flying up my arm. I pulled my hand away from him when he realized it too. "Your last name is Swan then why does it say Mitchell on the back of your shirt?" Wow he was stupid. "Because this is my ex boyfriend's jersey." I saw his jaw tense and I was wondering what was wrong. "Emmett what's wrong?'' "I'm sorry Bella I just feel this need to protect you for some reason and I just don't want to hear that he broke your heart or anything." "Oh Em it's okay he didn't break my heart we were dating for two years but we both decide we were better off as friends. For some reason Em I want you to protect me I always protect myself so I don't know what's going on either." He pulled me into a big bear hug and I smiled into his chest. "Em...Can't...breath." He let me go and smiled sheepishly at me. "Sorry Bells." I placed my hand on his arm and felt the sparks again. He leaned closer to me and my lips almost touched his when the garage door opened and Rose and Carlisle walked out. I backed away from Emmett and I seen him frown. "I'm going to see what games the guys are playing I'll talk to you later and thanks for letting me say sorry." I nodded and he walked into the car. "Bye Bella I'm off to work." "Okay don't work to hard old man." Carlisle glared at me and got in his car and drove out. Rose raised her eye brows at me and Jumped up on the counter. "Nothing happened Rose." "Yeah it would have if Carlisleand I hadn't walked in. Now tell me what's going on with you I have never heard Emmett say sorry unless Esme tells himto and you guys were going to kiss I could see it on his face. Emmett never moves that fast with a girl he has only ever had one girlfriend but alot of dates. So tell me what happened?" I placed my head in my hands. I told Rose about the conversation, spark and wanting to protect me. I also told her that I was scared because I haven't even been in Forks for one day and I already like Emmett. I had no clue if he was just going to use me or if I was going to end up making myself look like an idiot. Rose tried to tell me different but I made my mind I would be staying away from Emmett McCarthy. When I told Rose I was going to stay away from him she just muttered something like try it. I rolled my eyes and walked inside the house and up to my room. I walked into my closet and seen that Alice had already unpacked most of my clothes that were in the boxes and there was only about three clothing boxes to unpack including my suitcases. I was hanging everything up when I got a text on my phone. I walked over to my phone noticing I got a text from Tyler. Hey Hunny :) How are you? I laughed an shook my head and put the phone back down. I walked back into my closet and finished up packing my last suitcase when I heard a knock on the door. "Come in." I walked out of the closet to see Esme walking into the room. "Hey Esme." "Hi Bella I was just wondering if you wanted to go to the mall or anything before school tomorrow and we don't have to bring Alice if you don't want to." I laughed at the part with Alice. "Yeah sure Esme I need some more jeans since it seems to be more cold here than hot. Just let me get ready." She nodded and walked out of the room. I grabbed a quick shower and ran into my closet and put on my purple shirt, black leggings with black flats. I left my hair down and wavy. On the way out of my room I grabbed my purple bag and my Chanel wallet out of my black bag that I used yesterday. I walked down to see Esme sitting in the living room reading a book while Emmett and Edward played video games and Jasper and Alice were playing a board game. Esme looked up when I walked in and nodded in Alice's direction and I shrugged my shoulders. "Okay I'm ready Esme." Everybody looked over at me and I smiled while Esme stood up and grabbed her keys. "Mom are we going shopping?" "No Alice I'm taking Bella to get some food she likes and will either Emmett or Edward come to carry the bags." I seen Emmett start to say something but I cut in. "Esme I'm sure we can handle a few bags." Esme shot me a look and I sighed. I knew I was going to have to explain it to her in the car. "Okay well then lets go. Kids we will be home soon Emmett don't break anything." Emmett nodded and we walked out to the car and pulled out in silence. "Okay so what's going on with Emmett because as soon as he was going to offer to come you stepped in." "Okay well the truth is..." Okay so this is my second story the other story I'm still working on it's called When The World Turns so if you like this review if don't like still review and tell me why. Thanks Chelsea (twilightlover28)