way and stopped in front of the wolf's head. Then she noticed the closed eyes and even breath coming from Quil, he was still asleep. Claire reached for Quil's head and slowly patted him on his head. Feeling something touch him, Quil woke up. When he opened his eyes he locked gaze with Claire. He felt a tremble of happiness go through his body, his Claire was here. But the later events came flooded back. Lowering his gaze to the ground he barely lifted his head to acknowledge his imprint. "Quil, I want to talk and it's easier if you can answer me" Claire started shyly. Quil responded with a low growl. He was in fact moaning since he remembered that he didn't bring any clothes. He puffed his nose on Claire's shirt. Claire understood his hint. "You don't have any clothes right?" Quil nodded with his large head. "Well I've seen everything already…" Claire couldn't help but grin wickedly. Quil let out another moan in his wolf form before phasing back. He didn't feel like showing his ugly naked body to Claire who obviously didn't fancy it but he could never resist his imprint anything. Once he was human he sat down in the grass, wrapping his arms around his knees and resting his head above them, hiding as much of himself as possible. "Thank you." Claire whispered, nervous now that Quil was back in human form. Quil nodded slightly, still hurt by Claire's earlier actions. "I'm so sorry, I can't believe I said those things to you. Can you ever forgive me?" Claire rushed her words. "I can never be mad at you, I love you, always have and always will" Quil whispered. Claire didn't waste any time before throwing herself on him, hugging him close. "I'm so sorry I hurt you. I love you more than anything and you are so amazing" Claire had tears of happiness falling down her cheeks. "I love you too, but I'd appreciate if you let me know if I do something wrong in the future" Quil said, smiling again. His pain gone once his Claire was back in his arms. "I promise that I'll try to never hurt you again!" Claire said in a strong voice. That was all Quil needed. His lips locked with Claire's. Quil fell down so he was laying on his back with Claire on top of him as they continued to kiss each other. It didn't take long before Claire sat up and laughed at Quil. He locked so cute with his face flushed, his copper skin shining in the sun. His muscles were very well-defined and his private parts were something any porn star would be jealous of. He was perfect, and he was hers. "What?" Quil worriedly said, seeing Claire eying his naked body, feeling very self-confident. "You're are so perfect!" Claire gently traced Quil's body with her fingers. Lightly dragging them over his amazing abs and down to his very noticeable erection. She wrapped her small hand around Quil and he hissed in pleasure. "Can I?" Claire asked, nodding towards her hand. "Yeah" Quil managed. Even if she didn't even move her hand, is still felt better than any time he had pleasured himself. Claire frowned. "I'm not sure what you like, can you show me?" Quil laughed slightly. "Anything you do will be good, us boys are not that complicated" He said before putting his own hand over Claire's. Quil showed her how to stroke him before letting her doing it on her own. "Don't stop" Quil moaned. Claire's small hands on his hot, throbbing member felt better than anything he ever experienced before. Claire rapidly moved her hand up and down on Quil and she could see his balls tighten. "Ahh…" Quil shouted as he came all over Claire's hands and his stomach. "Ewwww…" Claire looked at the white goo that covered her hands with a grimace. Quil blushed. "I'm sorry" He offered shyly. "It's okay" Claire removed her shirt and used it to clean them up. "I'm never wearing that again…" Claire gestured towards the shirt that she'd thrown in the grass next to them. "Don't worry, there's always tissues, showers and other things…" Quil smirked as he kissed Claire. "Let me know when to return the favour" He added casually as he got up. "I might hold you to that." Claire shyly said. There was no turning back, she had finally initiated a more physical relationship with Quil and she didn't regret it one bit, except for the part where she hurt him. "I can give you a ride back home if you'd like." Quil said with a wide grin. "I'd love to!" Claire was so excited. She loved to ride on Quil's back in wolf-form. "Private taxi coming up" Quil said and backed away a bit before phasing. Seconds later the chocolate brown wolf stood in front of Claire. Quil laid down so Claire could climb up on his back. Once she was settled he barked before taking off. Most of the pack was still out and felt Quil's happiness. Giving free rides are you , Embry teased Quil. Happy that his best friend wasn't hurting anymore. I think I might be sick ... Leah snorted but Quil could sense her smile beneath. You can have tonight off but you have patrol tomorrow , Sam said, also feeling happy for his brother. Quil dropped Claire off once they were home. Claire put some distance between them and Quil phased back. "What do you want to do now? I have all night off" Quil asked with a smile. "Thought maybe I should get some clothes" He looked down at himself. "I think I might want to do something that doesn't require any clothes…" Claire said with a seductive smile. Quil couldn't resist but running and picking Claire up, racing inside. They barely made it to the couch… Thank you so much for reading, hope you liked it! Love, Twiiliighter