are we gonna do when they reach us? We don't have any weapons. For the first time in my life, I can feel we're in real danger, that our possibilities of surviving this fucking odyssey are none. Oh God, what can we do? I want to be strong for the girls but I'm really powerless. But if I have to die for the girls' sake, I'll do it without hesitation. "Oh, no, we're running out of gas?" Rose starts to yell. " They're shooting at the tanks." Emmett says, scowling in the darkness. "It must have been Ludovico, the traitor. He went to tell Felipe," I say, unable to hide my nerves. And then we hear his awful voice again. " Ya casi les alcanzamos. R índanse ahora y les perdonaremos la vida, malditos Americanos. Solo queremos a las mujeres, si me las devuelven, les perdono su puta vida." (We have almost reached you. Surrender now and I will spare your lives. We want the women only; if you give them back to me, I'll respect your fucking life.) Renée stands up and starts shouting at Felipe. " Nunca regresaré contigo, maldito brujo. Prefiero estar muerta que regresar a tu vida. Y mis hijas, jamás serán tuyas." (I'll never go back with you, damn sorcerer. I'd rather be dead than be with you. And my daughters won't be yours, either.) " Entonces prepárense para morir, ingratas de mierda." (Then prepare to die, ungrateful shit.) The gunshots begin again and Jasper pulls down Renée's body. And that's the precise moment our boat's motor decide to die. Fuck my life! "Do you think the Xocomil, can help us?" Rose asks, her voice trembling. "Let's try. It's our only hope," Bella whispers. "What are you waiting for? The next gunshot could kill us," I insist. The ladies gathered together, hold hands, and Bella speaks softly. "Dear Xocomil. Please help us, dear spirit. Please take us to Sta. Catarina with no harm. Take care of our lives. Maybe this is the last favor we ask of you, dear spirit, but you know our hearts, you know our feelings for these gentlemen, and we know you will protect pure love. Please keep Felipe and his men away from us, they want to kill us, and you don't want your flowers to be dead. Please, dear Xocomil, save us." As Bella finished speaking, our boat starts sailing forward faster. And when the girls begin to sing their love song, we saw a big wave of water fall over Felipe's boat, then another enormous wave push them away from us, and we couldn't believe this if we weren't watching it. The incredible and furious waves keep making havoc on Felipe's boat while he was standing on the bow yelling and cursing the Xocomil. Stupid man, he was so selfish that he didn't learn love is the key that conquers all. Finally, we saw the most monstrous wave of all rose to the sky … to fall upon Felipe's boat. It was like watching the Incredible Hulk's fist, made of water, smashing the wrecked boat. Xocomil smashes! The boat sank. And I can't believe no one survives. "Did you see that?" Emmett asks Jasper. "Yes, I did. And still I can't believe it," he confirms, his eyes full of concern. "Neither do I. But if a pink unicorn is waiting for us at the shore, I won't be surprised," Emmett replies with a smile. "Or a green dragon," Ally says, hugging Jasper's body. "We're alive, sweetie." "Yes, m'lady," he murmurs softly, kissing her. I put my arms around Bella's waist, and she looks at me with a mix of feelings in her eyes. "My Bella," I whisper, showering her face with little kisses, "I owe you my life." "You are my life now, Edward," she says, kissing me back, "and my destiny." A half hour later, we arrive to the Sta. Catarina docks. The girls, Renée, and Carmen get off the Sirena and thank the Xocomil for saving our lives. Then we start walking to the awakening town. People are reunited at the shore and ask us what happened, why the other boat sank, but we're unable to talk. Quietly, I turn to see the stunning blue lake, whispering thanks for this miracle. Soon we're in Carmen's house and she offers to make us breakfast, but we're still in shock and not hungry. Not even Emmett! Renée and the girls hug Carmen and ask her to take care of the inn. And after saying goodbye to her, we hop in the car and leave. ARUBA One month later. Every day, I wake up, and I can't believe my good luck: for being alive and for having the love of my life here with me. My beautiful Bella is sleeping at my side, filling my heart with joy. Emmett and Rosalie live in the house next door. And Ally and Jasper are in Miami, taking care of our business. Renée decided it's better for her to stay in Santiago, working at her inn, now that Felipe is no longer a threat. She continues with the work of love their daughters started. And we plan to visit her soon. Yes, we want to return to Guatemala, Land of the Eternal Spring. Go to Lake Atitlán. Sail and scuba dive in its wonderful waters … talk to Xocomil … and be in harmony with this exotic and magical land. Thank you for reading! Please leave this author some love in the form of a review. Please remember that this contest is anonymous. We would appreciate it if you'd pimp out the contest as a whole and not single out certain entries. If you know who wrote an entry, please don't give any indication which would lead to disqualification. This includes hinting or even guessing in reviews. We don't want to have to disqualify anyone. We also ask that you refrain from adding any entries to communities until the winners are announced.