and sneakers. He went for simple so he wouldn't attract too much attention but maybe he should have worn something else. "Stop worrying about what people will think of you," Julie growled, "Just be yourself and I swear you'll probably have a whole group of friends before the end of the day," Beau wished he had her confidence. "Just leave me alone, Julie," he said, quietly, and she sighed, before closing her eyes, leaning against the window. When they got to school, Beau parked and stared at the school with an apprehensive expression. It won't be that bad, he tried to convince himself. "Come on, Beau," Julie said, patting him on the shoulder, "This isn't a Life or Death situation. It's just High school," Beau smiled, glad to have his friend by his side. "You're right," he said, "What am I freaking out for? It's not like anyone is going to bite me," "That's the spirit!" Julie cheered, "Now let's go!" It was time to meet the people he would be seeing five days a week for the next eighteen months. June 5, Forks, Washington, 1996 The first-time Julie Black saw Beaufort Swan, she was eight years old. "Beaufort?" Julie repeated, her face scrunching up at the name. Sarah Black smiled and placed her hand on her daughter's shoulder. "Charlie's son." She explained, "He's a very nice boy. A little shy but I think that you two will be the best of friends," Julie was great at making friends. Her Dad said she had a gift when it came to people and now her Mom wanted her to use her talent to make Charlie's son feel welcome. "Okay, Mommy!" she agreed, and her Mom ruffled her hair. "That's my little sunshine," she said, softly, and Julie raced to the living room to watch her favorite show. Later, Julie was sitting in her backyard, playing in the mud because her older sisters had taken over the living room. Beaufort was frowning as he was dragged out of his father's cruiser. He was wearing a blue baseball cap, white gym shoes, a gray shirt "Hey Arnold" T-shirt, and a pair of jeans. Julie had never met Charlie's son before but she had seen pictures. "Come on, son," Charlie said, as he pulled the boy behind him, "It'll be fun. Billy has three little girls and one of them is around your age," Beaufort didn't look the least bit interested. "You can't just spend all summer in the house reading a book. You need to get some fresh air," Charlie continued and Beaufort scowled at his back. Julie watched Beaufort, her curiosity peaked. This was the boy her mom wanted her to play with? Once his father left with her dad to go fishing, Beaufort looked uncomfortable. He stood off to the side, waiting for Julie's sisters to acknowledge him but they were watching The Princess Bride, for the thousandth time, and gushing to each other. Besides, even if they had noticed him, they wouldn't have talked to him anyway. They only talked and played with each other because they were twins and they had a 'special bond'. Her mom called it a phase. Beaufort sighed, and grabbed a book from the shelf. He went to the kitchen table and started reading. Julie hid around the corner watching him for a while. "Are you hungry?" her mom asked and Beaufort's face turned red, like one of her crayons, as he shook his head. "Are you sure?" Her mom asked, and Julie tilted her head to the side, straining her ears to hear his voice. Beaufort didn't speak…but his stomach did. Beaufort looked embarrassed but Julie's mom didn't laugh at him. She just made him a sandwich and Beaufort thanked her, his voice soft. When she left him alone, he nibbled on his sandwich, quietly, reading her fairytale book. Julie didn't really like to read, so she usually just looked at the pictures. For the rest of the afternoon, Julie watched Beaufort from a distance. He was weird. Everything he did was quiet. He read quietly. He ate quietly. He spoke quietly. To everyone else, he kind of faded into the background. Her sisters were too busy playing with each other to notice him and her mom was working on her painting for her job. But Julie couldn't not notice him. He was a spot of gray in her otherwise colorful world. Whenever he opened his mouth, her ears would perk up. When he moved, her eyes would move with him. When his expression changed, her mind whirled to figure out what he was thinking. When his father finally came to get him, she was a little sad. He was a mystery that she had almost solved. Her father confronted her later that night. "Why didn't you play with Charlie's son today?" he asked, "You're usually good with people," Julie pouted, "I was watching," she mumbled. Her father smiled at kissed her forehead, "Well, he's coming over again tomorrow. Maybe you'll talk to him next time?" Julie nodded. "Okay, daddy!" Author's Note: Hey, guys! I'm sorry about this. My story was unexpectedly taken down by the administrators. Anyway, I've decided to take this chance to fix some spelling mistakes I may have made, or some P.O.V. I'm going to start reposting my story a chapter every few days until I get back to where I left off. I had a lot of reviews, followers, and favorites, and I'm sad to have lost them. So, please review and/or PM your thoughts, feelings, wants, desires, ideas, etc. Remember to show your support for your ship; Beau & Julie or Beau & Edythe. If you're for Julie let me know what you like about her and why. If you're for Edythe let me know what you like about her and why. Beautiful Jewelry = Beau/Julie Beautiful Perfection = Beau/Edythe This story is Beta'd by the very talented and very helpful GoogleHawk. Thank You GoogleHawk for everything :)