she thought about a lot in the past. At Edward's nod, she continued. "Why didn't you ever tell me about her? I mean, you told me you had a sister and a brother, but you never mentioned their names. Maybe that's why I never made the connection between you two, but it was mostly because of your last names—they're not the same." Edward sighed. "If I tell you it was because we were just getting to know each other that would sound pretentious, but in a way, it's true. During our relationship, Bella, we focused more on ourselves—on what we were doing in the moment—so we didn't really talk about other things." "That is true," Bella agreed. "That's also the reason why I hadn't told you about my pregnancy since I didn't want to ruin what we were barely starting." "I wouldn't have been upset if you'd told me since the beginning," Edward confessed. "My hurt came from the fact that I felt betrayed, Bella. When I found out about your pregnancy, all the trust I had in you vanished. I kept thinking that if you kept something so important from me, what else you would also hide." "It's taken me some time to realize that that was my biggest mistake," Bella told him. "If I hadn't allowed for our relationship to develop as it did, it wouldn't have hurt as much when you left." "What makes you think that I would have left you once you told me about your baby?" "I couldn't imagine you wanting to be with me when I'm having another man's child, Edward—especially Jacob's. I saw how wary you were of him in the beginning, and my bond with him is only going to get stronger when the baby finally arrives." Edward nodded as she continued. "I also want to you to know how conflicted I was about the situation as a whole, because while I wanted to be with you, I also never regretted the decision to have my baby. That thought never crossed my mind even for a second." "Bella, you have no idea how sorry I am for the way I treated you and the things I said. I have spent every day berating myself for it, hating the way that I handled everything, but you have to know that I was out of my mind when I confronted you. The words were out of my mouth before I could take them back." "Why did you wait until now to apologize then?" Edward smiled sadly, as he said, "I wasn't aware that there was a possibility that you'd forgive me." "Edward, how could you not have known? I practically begged you to stay with me." "I remembered that, but I also thought about how you'd be able to forgive me if I couldn't forgive myself for hurting you the way I did." "I still don't understand," Bella told him. "It's been four months since it happened, so what could have changed your mind?" "Jacob went to look for me at my office," Edward confessed. "He told me about how much you were hurting, and although I believed him, I couldn't fathom why you'd give me another opportunity. But then Rosalie threatened to chop off my balls if I didn't at least try." Bella laughed as tears filled her eyes. She'd miss this, but especially she'd missed Edward, and it wasn't until that moment that realized how much. Edward stood quickly from his seat, rounding her desk to reach Bella. "Please don't cry," he begged her. "I hate to see you sad." "I'm not sad," Bella cried. "I'm actually happy to see you, but fuck, I'm pregnant and everything makes me cry." Edward laughed. "I'm actually surprised you didn't cry earlier." "I'd been holding back," she said as she wiped away some tears. "It was fucking hard but I did it." "I never want to make you cry again. Ever," Edward told her. Bella nodded. "Okay." "'Okay' what?" "Okay, don't make me cry again!" she snapped. "Does this mean that you'll forgive me?" Edward asked, hopeful. "Yeah, but you owe me, like, a million Venti mocha lattes! " "I'll buy you all the lattes in the world if you give me another chance." Edward cupped Bella's face as he said, "Bella, I love you. I have loved you all this time, and if you'll allow me, I'll spend every day making sure you don't regret your decision if you take me back." "What about Nathalie?" Bella asked as she pointed to her round belly. "Is that the name that you and Jake chose for your baby?" Edward asked. "Yeah." Bella sniffled. "We already started painting her nursery, too." "I'd like to help out with that if I can," he said, "because I'm sure I'm going to love her as much as her mommy. After all, she is a little piece of you." Bella smacked him playfully once. "You have to stop saying those kinds of things to me if you don't want me to throw you on the floor and fuck your brains out. Hormonal preggo here, remember?" she said, pointing to herself. Edward laughed before he placed a small kiss against her lips while wrapping his arms carefully around her. "God, I missed you." "I missed you, too," Bella whispered. "Just promise you won't leave me again." "Never," Edward told her. And I've been making sure that he keeps his word. He has so far, and it's been five years, so you don't have to worry. There's obviously more to their story, but this is all we have time for today. Maybe one day I'll tell you the story of the day when Nathalie was born, but I have to go now. Riley's waiting for me in bed, and there's no way I'm going to make him wait. Till next time, honey-bunches-of-oats! Thank you for reading! Please leave the author some love and remember to come back to vote after May 24th!