her dreams to come true. Edward hadn't moved an inch as she approached and climbed the stairs. He stood unnaturally still and Bella hesitated. "I cannot be without you," he said. His voice echoed with sorrowful confession. "I know you are different. I can accept you. I'm just afraid you'll disappear," Bella pleaded. "Is this truly what you want? You are willing to be with me forever?" "Yes. To never be alone. Isn't that what you want as well?" "It is." He smiled and opened his arms. Bella rushed to him, into his embrace. His body was hard. Ice cold. She stumbled back, startled. Hadn't he been so warm in her dreams? Her wide eyes met his – They were as shockingly red as fresh blood. She fought her instinct to scream, to run away. She couldn't – she had promised to accept him! "You are different than in my dreams." Her voice shook with trepidation. "I know. In your dreams, your brain created what it understood. What made sense. Do you wish to flee?" "No." She felt embarrassed, ashamed she had feared him. "Kiss me." He embraced her, moving quicker than any human could. His strong, wintry arms squeezing her tighter and tighter, while his lips urgently pressed against hers. She swam in his scent, ignoring the coldness of his kiss. When his lips parted hers, she tasted the sweetness on his tongue and let the world fly away. Reality became the dream. He kissed her with the passion she had known in her dreams. And when the pain came, she accepted it as willingly as she had the pleasure. "It's done. You are a brave girl." His arms gathered her in. "We are together for all of eternity. You have joined me in immorality. No more pain or sorrow, Bella. We will only bring each other pleasure." Bella sucked in a breath…but didn't feel the accompanying expansion of her lungs. Edward's red eyes glowed triumphantly as if he were a spider gazing at a fly in its web. Alarm gripped her. Something was terribly wrong – Bella closed her eyes. Her worlds had been flipped for days; lines had blurred between what was real and what wasn't. She didn't know what to think or what to do to find herself in control of her innate fear. She pictured the sunny beach. But the scene did not change. The woods were engulfing them, dark and foreboding. Bella panicked. "Tell me to wake up! Tell me , Edward!" "I can't, Bella. You see, you are no longer in control. This is my dream." Bella's eyes widened. She saw him differently, heard his words in a different light. There was logic to her thoughts, a moment of clarity where her mind understood and actually realized the double meaning behind his warnings. Yes, the clues had been there, she had just refused to understand. "You said I was only safe in my dreams. You radiated cold yet in dreams had felt warm to my touch. On the beach – you didn't leave foot prints in the sand. And when you whispered in my ear, I never felt your breath." All the contradictions he presented, her brain had rationalized, dismissed, or accepted because it saw what it understood. What made sense. "You have a brilliant mind, Bella. Tell me, where are we now? I know you have figured it out. Say it. Out loud." Bella's hands flew to her neck, remembering the exquisite pain. The terror of understanding wrenched in her gut. With trembling lips, she answered him, "I'm in your dream now." He didn't need to confirm her statement. Despite his honesty, his warnings and the clues her mind had given her to keep her from this fate, she hadn't see the truth. It was beyond what her educated, scientific brain could conceive. And beyond what her lonely heart didn't want to believe. He was a predator, stalking her in her own dreams. He was just as he had claimed: a Dreamcatcher. First, he had captured her mind. Then her heart. Did he own her soul as well? Bella collapsed in a heap on the hard, dark ground and then recoiled – her hands had come into contact with something wet and slick. Before her, shrouded in shadows, was a woman lying on the forest floor. Her arms and legs cast in odd positions, her hair covering her face. Blood oozed from a gash in her neck. Bella knew at once the woman was dead. If her heart was beating, the blood would be rushing from the wound. Bella raised her hands to her face. They were covered in blood. Edward knelt before her, his hands on her shoulders. "Don't you understand? We are free in dreams, just as you hypothesized. With my gift, I can take you anywhere. I can fulfill all your wishes and fantasies. You wanted to be together. Now, you and I exist always together in my mind. Day and night. No more will you be alone and neither will I. Only your mortal body hindered our final union." That was her bloody body ! Madness and grief swallowed her whole as she fully awoke within a nightmare she had willingly invited into her life, and now into her father's. He would obsess over the last image of his daughter, a police file photo of her brutally murdered body in the woods, joining her in assured insanity as he undoubtedly would obsessively hunt a killer she knew he'd never find in the spaces in-between. Happy Halloween – Forever. A/N: Cue Vincent Price's manic laughter! So excited to write something chilling – or at least I hope it was. Edward is such a tempting predator, no matter what, it's hard not to fall for him! Thank you for reading and thank you to pre-readers Gasaway Alley and Sherry Dean Cullen, and beta, RowanMoon (she's also one rockin' storyteller! Check out her stuff on ffn and Twilighted.) Comments welcome -