pussy as far as he could, feeling the walls contract, and she came with his name on her lips, the sweet juices of her release flooding his mouth. He swallowed convulsively, relishing the taste. In all their time together, he had never dared to put his mouth on her. He had dared now. There was not a part of her that he didn't want to possess, want to touch, want to taste. She lay panting, her chest heaving, flushed and Edward thought that he had never seen her look more beautiful. He moved up her body and lay down beside her, his leg between hers, pulling her face to him for another deep and passionate kiss. Bella could taste herself on his lips, and it increased her arousal tenfold, making her bold. Her small, hot hand gripped his now painful shaft, swiftly rubbing the pre-cum over the head with her thumb, lubricating the hardened length, and she began firmly stroking up and down. "Fuck, Bella," he gasped into her mouth, his hands fisting in the sheets. Edward came undone. He quickly moved between Bella's legs, lifted her knees with his hands and with one powerful stroke pushed fully into the slick sheath of her sex. Bella gasped loudly at the intensity of being filled to the hilt, arching up to him, but Edward gave her no time to catch her breath, pulling out and pushing back in, setting a fast, hard rhythm. Their eyes locked for a moment, and then Bella's head fell back, her lids closing from the ecstasy he was inciting in her. His hips slapped against her skin, harder, faster, pounding into her, and the pain, the anguish, the broken pieces of fourteen lonely years, left his body until all he could feel was the strong grasp of her inner muscles surrounding his hard length, her scent engulfing him, her arms wrapped around his neck. Bella met him thrust for thrust, lifting her hips in the same rhythm, and with each powerful stroke, sucking him deeper and deeper until neither knew where one ended and the other began. She was panting, moaning, losing her mind, and somewhere deep inside, she realized that leaving him had been the very worst mistake of her life. She could finally admit to herself that living without him had been but a half-life, dulled by the pain of losing him. She wound her arms further around his neck, pulling him down towards her, as he sped up his movements, curling his hands around her shoulders, robbing her mouth of breath. He sunk his head into her neck, feeling the coil build in his stomach, his balls tightened and he knew he couldn't last much longer. "Bella," he panted, "so good, so...ungh...tight...so hot..." Bella trembled in his arms, her climax fast approaching, her senses overwhelmed by the salty scent of his skin, the punishing pace he was setting within her, and the strength of the man that surrounded her. With each stroke, he hit that sensitive spot deep inside, and she could feel the tingling electricity come to a peak until the waves crested and she fell over the edge. "Edward...unngh...more...I...oh fuck...I'm...," she nearly screamed. "Please, Edward... oh...oh...ooohhh...noooow..." Her muscles clamped down hard around his throbbing dick as her orgasm tore through her body with a force she had never known before. "Bella...Bella...yes...shit...I...unnggh...fuck..." With a muffled shout, Edward exploded inside her, his cum spurting in pulses, as her inner walls milked him until he collapsed on top of her, breathing rapidly. She clutched at him, panting for breath, tears streaming down her face. They didn't move for a few moments. Edward lifted his head and saw the streaks on her cheeks. "No...oh no, sweetheart, don't cry. Did I hurt you? I'm sorry, Bella, please don't cry." She smiled through her tears. "No, Edward, you didn't hurt me. I'm...I'm okay...no, I'm much better than okay. For the first time in fourteen years, I feel like I can really breathe." He laughed softly, relieved at her words. "Yes. I think I know how you feel. Like this weight has been lifted from me. I can feel my heart again." She stroked his hair. "I'm so sorry," she whispered sadly. "How can you ever forgive me?" "You're here now," he answered simply. "I don't deserve you." "Yes," he disagreed. "Yes, you do. I love you, Bella." "I love you, too," she answered with a sigh. He rolled onto his back and pulled her with him. Twice more that night, they reaffirmed their love with gentle movements, passionate embraces and soft whispers. As Edward awoke the next morning, he couldn't believe how drastically his life had changed and he knew exactly what he was going to do as he tenderly caressed Bella's sleeping form. "Bella," he whispered in her ear, gently kissing the side of her face. "Wake up, love." "Edward?" Bella mumbled, stretching as his eyes gazed longingly at her exquisite body. "Sweetheart, we need to talk," he said softly. "What?" Bella asked fearfully as she sat up. "Calm down," Edward chuckled. "Nothing's wrong. It's just –" Bella watched Edward as he nervously fiddled with the sheet. "Look, I know it's soon, probably too soon, but I feel like we've wasted so much time already. I don't – I can't wait any longer. I'm ready; I have been for a very long time." Edward paused as he gazed lovingly into Bella's eyes. "I'll understand if you're not and I'll wait until you are, but...I need you to know how I feel...Bella, I love you. I've always loved you and I will love you until the day I die. For fourteen years, I was lost without you. I'm not willing to wait another minute to tell you that I need you. Marry me. Please." End Note: So there you have it. Review, please. Let me know if you think it's worth extending... there seems to be more story to tell... Let me know, okay??? Thanks for reading.