said their goodbyes but there was one last person I needed to talk to, Jacob. I went into the woods and said his name he came running down the hill and stopped just in front of me "were leaving now please just stay away from Edward so he doesn't kill you or better yet make peace with him…again for Renesme's sake for me because your one of my favourite people in this world and I need you." "I need you too bye" I gave him a hug and ran out of the woods back to the car and we speed away. Its Wednesday afternoon and Renesme's out hunting with Rosalie and there's a knock on the door, they must've come back early. When I open the door it's not them its Jasper and Emmett. "firstly how did you find us and secondly what are you doing here?" "umm Alice and its Edward and Jacob" "what have they done?" "nothing it's what they are going to do?" "okay well we will be there soon ill just wait for Renesme and Rosalie and we will be home as fast as we can you go and prevent it as much as possible. Okay?" "okay see you soon" and with that they ran off and just as they left Renesme and Rosalie came back. "okay Rose I need you to stay here with Renesme and Esme and Alice will be her soon okay "yep and just stay here?" "yes" I quickly pulled out my phone and ordered Esme and Alice to come to the Cabin they were here in no time I ran back to the house and all the boys were in the front yard Emmett was holding Jake back and Jasper was holding Edward. I stood in Awe. The pack were standing behind…Edward?! "Edwards right Jacob your out of control, you could've killed Renesme…" Sam said glaring at Jacob. "no he couldn't have…because if he did he wouldn't be able the live with himself." I said as I walked out from the trees "Bella I think you should go" Jacob said "why should I go Jacob, so you can tear The pack and my Husband to shreds and not feel bad about because I, the woman you're still in love with even though you imprinted, didn't see you do it?" "no Bella look.." he was standing in front of me now "… I just don't want to see you get hurt." "I won't get hurt I am more likely to be the one hurting because remember im a Vampire you're complete opposite and funny you're still in love with me" "Bella stop you'll get him even angrier and you'll be in hell" I completely ignored Seth's comment. "what about the other day when you broke your hand on my face Bella huh?" "that was all an act my hands not broken see" and with that I wiggled my hand around " see the problem with all of you is you think im a weak little girl" "Bella, you are we are all stronger then you, so quit while you're a head" Edward finally spoke up. "ahh see that where you're wrong, because I have a power none of you have, and I'll get to what that power is but first I would like to give a little speech and im going to comment on each of your behaviours today like your kindygartners because that's how your acting. So let's start with ahhh lets see maybe, Edward. Edward you need to stop and think before you go crazy and honey you know I love you very much but at least once a month since we got married I've wanted to kill you because of something you've said or and done. Who's next, Jacob? Jacob you get angry way to quickly and you need to get over me dude it's ridiculous I'm married with a kid and that's not going to change, also you get way too many second chance so btw this is your last one if you stuff it up your out okay? Yeah so now my actual speech. Im and so tired of breaking up your fights it's fucking annoying so stop assholes and fighting about everything okay because honestly when the sun comes up in the morning I say to myself I hope they don't start a fight today! Lately you two have been great until now because both of you want the same thing and only one of you can have it, or so you think. Im that one thing and Jacob you know I love you so much but not in the way you do and it kills me to do this to you so I am going to find you a girlfriend. Now that that's done and you two aren't going to fight you guys can let go and I'll tell you my super power. My super power is that both of you love me so much it would be a bummer to go without me, but you see I'm not that cruel hearted I'm going to get in my car and go to Charlies im going to call Alice and tell her that Carlisle, Jasper and Emmett are coming to stay and they are to stay there till Friday morning. Then the pack is going to go home and stay home and not come back till Friday Morning. You know who that leaves left here oh you two now I have a couple of rules no leaving until I get back and if you do, I'll know, second rule no killing or fighting only talking. I might come and check-up on you or I might send someone so I will know. Also Edward I will be taking the Cullen's to meet Charlie tomorrow and I will tell Billy where you are Jake um so. Everyone clear out" and with that everyone left and I was the last one left and all I said was "have fun"