Alice goes to take care of the "family business." "You know what's next don't you?" Leah asks. "She'll have us at the mall buying workout clothes." "Not me, I have to get home to start dinner. Besides, sweats and T-shirts are all I need and I've got plenty of those," I reply. Leah looks at me and says while cracking up, "You must really be oxygen deprived if you think Alice is going to allow you to wear sweats and T-shirts to work out, especially when she's around. I want to be here when you tell her that." "Tell me what?" Alice asks, getting in at the tail end of our conversation. She continues speaking before allowing us to answer her question. "Here, this is for you Bella, and this is for you Leah." She hands us both our temporary membership cards. "You both have to complete a few forms and take a picture, but Dem says that you can do that the next time you come." "Dem?" Leah asks, not at all surprised by the fact that Alice is already on a first name basis with the guy. "Girl, you should be on The Apprentice or some shit like that," she continues with a chuckle. Leave it to Alice to not only be on a first name basis with this man, but to also have a nick name for him. "What?" Alice says with mock surprise. "He told me that his name is Demetrius, but his friends call him Dem. I figured I'd be his BF if he did me a favor. Anyway hussies, it doesn't matter what I call him, the important thing is that he took care of us. He even gave us his employee discount!" What are we going to do with her? As we continue our conversation, the aerobics instructor passes by as she is exiting the room. She smiles and says hello to us. "We enjoyed your class," I say as she walks by. She stops to respond, "Thank you. Was this your first time?" she asks, already knowing the answer to her question. "Yes, was it that obvious?" I ask embarrassed. "No, no! It's just that I remember the people who come to my class, especially the ones who are serious. Just hang in there and it will pay off," she says encouragingly. "I'm Rosalie, by the way, but most people call me Rose…like the flower, but only not spelled the same." "Huh?" I say, wondering where that came from. "Don't mind me…It's a strange habit of mine…quoting, or in this case, misquoting lines from movies. When I said that, I was reminded of the line from the Green Mile…you know when Michael Clark Duncan's character John Coffey says…" Before Rosalie can finish the line, Alice interjects. "Yeah, John Coffey, like the drink, only not spelled the same," she says in a very deep southern accent. We all laugh. Rose continues, "Yeah, that's right! I don't usually do it with people I don't know, it just slipped. After teaching three classes, I guess exhaustion is kicking in." "Or maybe it's because you feel comfortable around us. It's okay, we're good people," Alice says. "Maybe so…I don't mean maybe so that you're good people, I mean maybe I feel comfortable around you," Rose says. "It's okay. Nice to meet you, Rose. I'm Alice, and these are my sisters, Bella and Leah." "Really? I would have never known that the three of you are sisters," Rose says. "Yeah, I bet 'Dem' said the same thing," Leah says, looking wide eyed at Alice. She just giggles and continues giving Rose the third degree. "How long have you been teaching Aerobics? Where are you from? When are your classes?' You can tell that Rose finds her amusing as she answers every question. We all fall into a comfortable conversation. I tell her that I came the day before by myself and was very discouraged when I only lasted fifteen minutes of the class, and that I was discouraged even more when the Housewives laughed at me when I staggered out of the class. I tell her that I had no intention of coming back until Alice talked some sense into me, and that Alice and Leah insisted on coming as reinforcements. When I'm done with my rambling session, I realize that I just shared a lot of personal information with someone that I barely know. Rose chuckles at my use of the word "staggered," but says encouragingly, "Girl, don't you let these goofy women discourage you. They are here for one thing and we know what that is. Give me a break, if I worked out with that much make up on, my eyes would be as red as the vampires' in Twilight! Anyway, they're just trying to scare you off because they're threatened by you. You're competition and the less competition they have, the greater their chances of being noticed…and they don't care who they hurt in the process. Especially that damn Sam….she's a douche bag. I thought I saw her taking a beating back there. I just didn't know it was intentional. Next time, let me know and I will join you." Leah chuckles and replies," Well, I would have had her ass rolling out of here on a stretcher, but Bella here gave me the stare of death. So, I decided to play nice, for now." "We…decided to play nice," Alice corrects, knowing that she would have had a hand in it, too. "Well, I'm sure she deserves whatever she gets, but I'm glad you decided to play nice. But don't worry…I'll keep an eye on her. If I see her getting a bug up her butt, I'll handle her. I've been waiting for a reason to kick her ass anyway. " "I like her," Leah says jokingly about Rose. Honestly, we all feel the same way. There is something about Rose that just clicks with us. Maybe we just found sister number four.