set and slide. I dreamt that I would make love to my husband again. You have broken all of my dreams. I can't be a dreamer anymore." "I love you," Jacob told her as he held her hand. Bella took her hand back. "It doesn't matter anymore, does it? You are with someone else now. You created a new life while betraying me, both of you did. I'm done Jake. When I get back from the store I don't want you here. We'll probably leave tomorrow afternoon. Don't come back before then. I'll leave my keys and whatever else I don't want. Sell it, donate it, burn it for all I care, I just need the items to be gone." She paused as tears came to her eyes again. "Tell Billy and Sara I love them and I'm sorry I wasn't enough for you Jacob. I really am," she cried as she grabbed her purse and ran out the door. She piled into her car and cried. She looked up and saw Jacob running towards her in his bare feet. He was yelling for her. Bella started her car and left. "This is it?" Edward asked as he saw the small pile of boxes that were packed. "Swan, you have a lot of work to do! Get to it!" Bella shook her head. She and Edward had just arrived back after eating dinner. "No, I'm pretty much done. I have my clothes, pictures and some of Sean's things but that's all I want with me. I'm leaving everything else. I don't want to be reminded of him. Once I walk out this door I'm done. I don't want any reminders. Just like with Sean I'll mourn and move on." Edward patted Bella's back. "You're brave kid, I couldn't do what you are doing with the face you are putting on. You do know that you don't have to pretend with me though, right? You can cry with me." "I know and trust me, that will come later, maybe on the way home? When we actually leave the house and I know I'm not coming back." "Whenever you need to, I'm here and I have strong shoulders to hold you up when you cry." "I really do love you, thank you for being here." "It's my job. Emmett wanted to come with me but I was afraid he'd hunt Jacob down and rip his head off so I talked him into staying home," Edward said as he saw Bella yawn. "You've had an emotional day today and we are leaving early tomorrow. You should take a shower and go to bed." "That sounds like a good idea. Than-" "Stop it! Stop saying it. Stop it!" Edward pretended to rant as he covered his ears. He earned a laugh from Bella. "See, I knew you had it in you. You go bathe and relax. I'm going to load what you have into the truck so we can be on our way in the morning." Bella nodded and went to take a shower. Edward was right. She was sleepy and ready for bed. After she dried her hair and put her pajamas on, she crawled into bed. She was almost asleep when she started crying uncontrollably. She gasped for air because she was crying so hard. "Bella?" Edward asked as he came into the room in his lounge pants and t shirt. "Are you all right?" Violently, Bella shook her head. "No I'm not. How am I going to get by Edward? I don't know how to be single. I have only been with Jacob since I was fourteen. What's going to happen to me?" she continued to cry. "Shhh, it's all right. You'll be fine. You'll come to the château de Masen and enjoy your extended stay there. You'll eventually visit with people who have missed you and who love you. It will take time but you will get back on your feet and when the time is right you will meet a man who is madly in love with you. He'll be thankful for Jacob's stupidity because Jacob's mistakes will be this guy's gain. He'll have the most beautiful and caring woman with him as his partner for life." "Your right," she whispered, "But it's just getting beyond that point." "You will Bells. Look at everything you have survived thus far. This is just another thing that sucks along the way but will prove you to be stronge." Bella nodded as she laid back down. "Hey Edward?" "Yes?" "Can you, I mean can you stay here for the night with me?" "Eww, you want me to sleep with my sister?" Edward laughed. Seeing that Bella only half smiled, he nodded his head. It wouldn't be the first time they had shared a bed. He did want to make her feel safe. "That's gross Swan, but for you I will make an exception. Don't hog the covers." The next morning came quickly. Bella looked around one more time and found Edward sitting at the cozy breakfast nook sipping coffee. "I'm ready." "You sure?" Edward asked as he watched Bella shake her head. "Okay then, we're off." Bella walked with Edward to the door. She was playing with her hands when she remembered her wedding and engagement rings. She shook and began to cry once more as she took them off. "I have never taken my wedding ring off. Even when I was pregnant I never got super big and never swelled. I never had a reason to take them off. But," she said as she slid both rings off, "here they are, with my house key." She looked around one more time and held onto Edward's hand. "I think I'm ready now. Let's go." With that statement, Bella followed held Edward's hand and walked with him out to the car. In the short twenty four hours her life has she knew it was over. She wondered what the future held for her.