I just leave it off. Edward hops in and we head to the house. And we make it there quicker than usual but she doesn't notice. I get out "Okay Bella I'm going to hand you over to Edward" I said and Edward takes her from me. And once again buries her face in the crook of his neck. Edward strokes her hair "Come on Edward" I said. We step up onto to the porch and inside the house. I look at Bella and she tenses up. "Whose this dear" Esme my wife asks "Her is name is Bella and she'll be staying with us" I said. EPOV "WHAT!" Rosalie says and stomps up the stairs and into her room I guess. "I told you" She whispers. "I'll go get her" Emmett says and hops up the stairs and brings down an Angry Rose. "Do you remember her Esme" Carlisle asks "Oh, Chief Swan's Daughter, you babysitted for her right" Esme says. "Ya I did"He says. "Why is she wearing a diaper?" Alice asks "She's a baby" Rose laughs and goes back upstairs. Bella starts crying and holds on to me tighter. "Dad hold her so I can talk to Rose" I said and he takes her from me while she is still sobbing, she hides her face in the crook his neck and I go up the stairs. CPOV We hear yelling up stairs and Edward is grabbing Rose by her arm, pulling her down the stairs "Apologize Rose" Edward says "I'm sorry geez" Rose says. Edward takes her from me. "Edward would you mind taking her to my study so we can talk" I ask and we go to his study. "Bella dear, here some stuff for the diaper rash, theres a bathroom right there you might want to use it" I said and I point to it and she goes in there. "Don't put too much on read the directions" I said knocking on the door and "Okay" She replies, and I go back into my study. "Edward a lot has change since she went missing, she's an orphan now and is she terrified of the dark even more now I'm guessing, traumatizied. I believe she saw him kill her father. I have handled many cases like this" I said. "Well the night I was there, she was screaming and I heard the cage shaking, she stop once I scooted the chair that I was tied to over there and she held onto me even while she slept" Edward says. Bella comes back in "Why don't we get you a pair of underwear to wear instead of that diaper" I suggest "That would be better" She says. "ALICE!" I yell and Alice comes skipping in and Bella hides behind Edward. Interesting. "Yes daddy" Alice asks "Do you mind let Bella wear some of your clothes including undergarments?" I ask "I don't mind at all" She says excitedly "Edward, Bella go with Alice" I said and they leave the room. EPOV We go up to Alice's room. "Okay Bella, my bras might not fit you Im not sure" Alice says "You two look the same in that area" I said "Perv" Alice mutter and Bella giggles. Alice picks out a Midnight blue long sleeve shirt, loose fitting dark jeans, white socks, Black bra, black panties. "Alice can you please leave" She says shyly looking down. "Oh you want Edward to help you dress?" She asks "Uhhh.." Bella says trailing off "Alice, she trusts me and Dad the most and she probably doesn't want you to see her what she likes to call her 'damaged body'I said. "Oh okay" Alice says and leaves the room. Bella has her back to me and takes my shirt off and hands it to me from over her shoulder "Thanks" I said and I put it back on and she puts on the black bra "Edward can you hook it for me" She asks "Does it fit?" I ask "Ya, just put it on the loosest one" She says. And I hook her bra on that one "Thanks" She says "Can you close your eyes for a minute" She asks "Sure no problem" I said and I close my eyes. "You can open them now" She says and I open them and I see her back and it has lots of whip marks on it. "Can you help me with these pants?" Bella asks "Ok" I said and I help her put the pants on and she puts her shirt and socks on. I brush her hair and I pull it back in a ponytail and wipe the dirt off her face. "Wow I look-" She says and I interrupt her "Even more Beautiful than before" I said. "Ready to meet my family?" I ask "I think so" She says nervously. I pick her up and I start to hum and she smiles, I go downstairs and I set her on her feet. "Kids Bella going to be staying with us, since she has nobody else but us" Carlisle says. Bella gives them a weak smile "Wow Bella you look beautiful" Alice says "Thanks" Bella says. Rose stares at her and I growl at her to low for Bella to hear. Hope you can protect your human. Rosalie thinks and leaves to go to her room. "You look nice" Jasper says and she smiles "Stunning" Esme and Carlisle say at the same time and Bella giggles. "Pretty" Emmett says and goes after Rose. "Bella you must be hungry let me make you something to eat" Esme says "I am" She says and we walk into the kitchen and Carlisle hugs her "I missed you, your like a daughter to me always have been always will be" He says lovingly and she smiles happyly. "Are you sure you missed me that much?" Bella asks "Ya I missed you alot, my office felt real empty without you, your giggles, and especially your smile" He says