serves me well I wanna hold you high and steal your pain Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away You've gone away, you don't feel me here, anymore Izzy: The worst is over now And we can breathe again I wanna hold you high, you steal my pain away There's so much left to learn And no one left to fight I wanna hold you high and steal your pain Cause I'm broken when I'm open And I don't feel like I am strong enough Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away Cause I'm broken when I'm open And I don't feel like I am strong enough Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away... Cause I'm Broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone... You gone away, you don't feel me here anymore. This was the best concert I had ever been to. I was so happy, "Thank you." I shouted to Jasper over the shouts of all the other fans. "For what?" He asked. "For getting the tickets. This is the best concert I have ever been to." He smiled and nodded. "Hey guys." Izzy said, smiling, and breathing heavily. "So I hoped you liked that, if you all couple please give my brother Sam, and my brothers Jake, Embry, Quil, and Paul a round of applause including my friends Laurent, Rose, and Alice?" Everyone complied with loud claps, wolf-whistles, and "Call me!" The people who said call me made me laugh. "Also, at the end of the show we will be calling numbers. The numbers are on the back of all of your tickets. The numbers we choose will be the people who can come back stage after the show, so keep your tickets. Our last song for the night is called "Whispers in the Dark... and I won't be singing this song. I'll be taking over for my brother Jake on the electric guitar as he sings this song. I hope you all enjoy!" She said as she handed her brother the microphone. I was a little disappointed that she wouldn't be singing this song, but I would just focus on her on the guitar. Despite the lies that you're making Your love is mine for the taking My love is Just waiting To turn your tears to roses Just now Bella began her solo on the guitar, and it was amazing! I felt like I wanted to cry from the beauty of the scene before me. Despite the lies that you're making Your love is mine for the taking My love is Just waiting To turn your tears to roses I will be the one that's gonna hold you I will be the one that you run to My love is A burning, consuming fire No You'll never be alone When darkness comes I'll light the night with stars Hear the whispers in the dark No You'll never be alone When darkness comes you know I'm never far Hear the whispers in the dark Whispers in the dark You feel so lonely and ragged You lay here broken and naked My love is Just waiting To clothe you in crimson roses I will be the one that's gonna find you I will be the one that's gonna guide you My love is A burning, consuming fire No You'll never be alone When darkness comes I'll light the night with stars Hear the whispers in the dark No You'll never be alone When darkness comes you know I'm never far Hear the whispers in the dark Whispers in the dark Whispers in the dark Whispers in the dark Shouts expanded through the room and got so loud you would think that your ear drums would burst. This was amazing! I decided to wolf-whistle myself. Izzy hugged her brother Jake and took back the microphone. "Ok, before we announce the people who are invited back stage, I wanted to thank you all for coming here tonight. It was truly great and in return for your amazing crowd and town we promise to try and make it to the top. So with that being said, we are going back stage to get relax for a little, and the manager will be calling out the numbers. Good luck to you all and good night everyone." As Izzy and her band disappeared off of the stage the manager came onto the stage and pulled a paper out of his pocket. Before he spoke Emmet, Jasper, and I told each other our numbers just in case one of us didn't hear the announcer. "Wow! Didn't I tell you that you were in for a great night. Great job guys. We hope to see you here again. So, there are four numbers listed on this paper here in my hands. Those of you that I call, please come onto the stage if you hear your number. The first number is... 5383701." A girl walked threw the crowd and walked onto the stage. "The second number is... 5687433" Jasper! Jasper was so excited that he laughed in joy on his way to the stage. "The third number is... 5265832" "Whooooo!" Emmet shouted as he hurtled his way to the stage... Please, please let my ticket be next. I pleaded in my head. "And the last number of the night is... 5876348." Holy shit! Yes! I ran towards the stage and joined Emmet and Jasper, while Emmet gave me a light noogie on the head. I was going backstage! To meet the beautiful Izzy. And my heart was beating so fast that I could tell this was going to be a nervous meeting, but... I didn't care. I was to happy to let my nerves get the best of me. So with that, we made out way backstage, awaiting to meet the life changing band "Star Dusk."