I take one of my hands off of him and put one finger on his lips and say, "Edward, all you have to do is ask, baby. I will give you everything… most of all myself." And then he is groaning as I push off of his chest and sink down on him, taking him in me. He takes hold of my hips in his hands and starts to help me to move. Soon, we are lost in the dance of our own to the music of our ragged breathing and moans of pleasure and whispers of words declaring our love. Once I am right at the edge, Edward reaches with his hand to pinch my clit just the way he knows will make me join him into oblivion. I let out a cry of ' Holy Fuck, Edward! ' and fall off the edge, taking him with me. His velvety smooth voice, cursing up a storm mixed with my name, is the best music in my world. ~*~*~* Phases of Change *~*~*~ When I can finally catch my breath, I feel him moving his fingers on my bare back again, but this time in a definite pattern. A smile creeps up on my lips as I realize he has been writing ' Marry me, Bella ' on my back. I clasp both my hands together and put them on his chest. Resting my head on my hands, I look up and meet his eyes and say, "I already asked you, you know." He starts shaking his head and then stops. The sudden glimmer in his eyes tells me a thought has struck him. He moves me off of his chest and stands up. I pout, but he doesn't notice. Instead, he crouches down to open his bedside drawer, and the sight of his naked and perfect ass takes away whatever thought was running through my mind. When he turns around to catch my shameless ogling, he gives me the crooked smile that makes the blood sing in my veins and then comes to stand before me. I open my mouth to ask him what he is doing when he suddenly drops down to one knee. Now, the fact that a naked man is down on one knee before me would have made me laugh – at any other time. But the only thing I manage to get out of my mouth is a loud gasp. Because the naked man before me is Edward — my personal Adonis — and in his hands, he holds a velvet box that he slowly opens to show me Esme Cullen's engagement ring nestled within. Edward clears his throat and says, "I know I have asked you many times, and I know that you have asked me this already. But just for the sake of my sanity, let me ask you again. I want to do this right." I cannot utter a single word and just nod, motioning him to continue. And he does as he says, "Bella, since the day you opened the door in Emmett's place, I feel like you opened up my heart, as well. The day I lost my parents, I found solace in your arms. The day you introduced Black to us, I realized how intense jealousy can be. The day you bumped back into my life, I felt the healing touch of love. The day you asked me to stay, I changed my mind because I realized I had no other option but to love you. Today, I asked you to listen to your heart and you did." By this point, tears are running freely down my cheeks, and he stops to wipe the tear tracks from my face. Then he takes my left hand in his and continues, "You, my love, have taught me how to laugh, how to love and how to hold onto hope. And, Bella, you are my hope. You are my only family, and I want you with me forever. So, Isabella Swan, I promise to be your best friend and your family, for as long as we both shall live. Please say you'll marry me." I use my right hand to cup his face in my palm and bring his lips to mine. And then I whisper against his lips, "Yes, Edward Cullen, I will marry you." He gives me his energy-crisis-solving smile again and puts the delicate white gold ring with its solitaire diamond on the third finger of my left hand. As he is kissing the knuckles of my left hand, the absurdity of the situation hits me and a giggle bursts out of me. Edward purses his lips and says sternly, "You know it really hurts a guy's feelings when his fiancée laughs at him right after he proposes." I am full-blown laughing as I shake my head and choke out the words, "I just realized when we tell our kids about our engagement, we cannot tell them that we were both naked at the time." Edward snickers at that and climbs back up in the bed. "No, we cannot do that. How about we tell them Mommy and Daddy changed their minds and decided to get married?" I nod at that. "That's actually better than Mommy and Daddy did the dirty and then naked-daddy proposed to naked-mommy." A grin spreads on his lips as he rolls over to entrap me underneath his hard body. Then he looks down at me with me bright smile and asks, "So when do you want to tie the knot, Mrs. Cullen?" I laugh out loud and then kiss him before continuing the celebration of our engagement. What I don't tell him is that I love the sound of the name, and I want to be Bella Cullen as soon as humanly possible… maybe after I have thoroughly made love with my fiancé though. A/N: Thank you for reading. So…thoughts? Share them with me and leave a review, please? :) Take care. Ann