He sits us up so that I am in his lap. He again is hard and lines his member to mine. I have no qualms about this. I want him, I will always want him for he is mine . It is a different feeling being on top. I grab his head and bite hard into his stony neck. I hear his moans and I know that I am controlling this union. He relinquishes all power to me. I kneel up and insert his penis into me. I wince as I am still tender, but I want this pain so bad. I start to grind and Edward accommodates me by placing his hands on my hips, helping and setting a rhythm. I come again and again. It was so fast and easy this time. I have a lover who will never tire. One who never needs to sleep. One who will always be ready for me. I collapse on his chest. My bones have become spongy and feel like they have melted. He kisses me teasingly on my nose and tells me to sleep. I giggle and say that this is a good idea. I told him that I need to recharge. I blissfully fall into a deep sleep. I am awakened hours later by a nudging. I am on my front and I ease up to see Edward above me. In his hands is a tube of lubricant. He looks away shyly and then asks me to try it 'there'. I am speechless. I have just lost my virginity with my husband and he wants to take the next step and go 'there'. But I trust him. I will do this only for him . Edward takes the pillows and piles them. I kneel and he shifts my hips over the pillow, my face on the bed. He is massaging my cheeks and stroking upward until he reaches my neck. This feels magnificent as it is easing the pains from earlier. I am afraid of the pain. Edward leans and kisses me from my nape and slowly down my back and waist. He is licking and nibbling me. He tells me that I am beautiful and that he is sorry; for what, I don't know. He seems torn from wanting sex with me in this way but also against knowing the amount of pain that this will most likely cause my body. His hands start sliding under my body and tugging at my nipples. This feels incredible. The sensation is like electric jolts shot to my groin. I am moaning and he slides his other hand down to my heat. Taking the wetness, he slides his hand up my perineum to my anus. He gently rubs the entrance but does not enter. I gasp as he takes his first anointed finger and pushes in knuckle-deep. The feeling is alien and painful but at the same time indescribable. He kisses me and sucks my neck. I do not notice a second finger has penetrated my backside. I am gasping and the pain is so real. Tears slide from my eyes and Edward stops. The pain in his eyes is evident. "Edward, don't stop. I got this." I say. To my surprise I do want this. He resumes and we find a rhythm that I can relax to. There is a third finger inserted but I am ready now. Edward finishes his ministrations and coats his penis and my hole with lubricant. He gently nudges the entrance and I cringe and moan. My mind is seeing every color of the spectrum and I focus on this. Edward inches another inch and my breathing is panted and controlled. There is pleasure and pain and now the pleasure is winning out. I thrust my ass back, forcing him into me deeper. I am no longer in my body. I am pleasure. I am breath. I am light. I force back again until I feel his testicles against my ass. There is a feeling of fullness that I cannot comprehend. Edward has his hands gripping tightly at my hips and will not let go for love nor money. We are moving to a fast pace like we are in a race for first place. The pain is forgotten. We are moaning and panting. I cannot speak of the wonderful things I feel. I listen to Edward's breathing. I know he is close. I am close. Suddenly we come together. Than unknown and forbidden pain culminated into the best orgasm that I have ever had. He collapses on me and rolls to avoid placing his weight on me. He strokes my back and ass. I know that I will feel pain later. I am adrift and the cables holding me to the now are snapping as I head into a slumber. I awake with the sun coming up through the windows and the billowing mesh net. I feel Edward softly stroking patterns into my back. I cannot get this smile off my face and I am happy. I want to lie here forever. I slowly rise to awareness. I am in bliss but I am confused by all the feathers on the bed and in my hair. I look over the the almost silver of his skin and his jaunt jaw. I lift and rest on my elbow. "Edward, what is it?" I say and there is a catch in my throat. What have I done? "You have to ask?" he spits out. His voice was hard and cynical. Fear grips me. I do not know what is wrong and immediately my insecurity rears it ugly head. I thought that we fit together perfectly. I felt that we meshed together like a natural fabric. We were fire and ice somehow fitting together and coexisting without destroying each other. This was firm proof that we belonged together. What have I done to warrant his anger? A/N: thanks for reading and soon will be Edward's POV. =)