the time. Its always the what if's, I think of what my life could have been like with you and I know I could have been happy. Do you think it doesn't hurt me to? Because Bella you weren't the only one hurting." He tells me, his eyes filled with regret. "You left me for Tanya. You have her so why do you care?" I spit at him, he looks down. "I cant stop thinking about you… Since I saw you yesterday I cant seem to get you out of my head… you and that man." He whispers to me and I stare at him. "His name is Jacob." I state, rolling me eyes. "I don't care." He snarls, and I'm taken back by the hate I see in his eyes. "I don't care what his fucking name is. All I care about is why the fuck he was all over you. Are you together?" He demands, and I see the anger and jealousy brewing in his eyes. What right does he have to be jealous? Why the fuck is he jealous? "That's none of your business." I tell him, his eyes flash and I can tell he's furious. "From the looks of it yesterday you were. Or is he just a fuck buddy?" He snarls and I gasp in shock of what he said to me. A fuck buddy? So what if he was? Why the fuck is he so angry? "What if he is?" I challenge him. I see his whole form jerk back and he lets me go. "No. He's not tell me the truth." He demands, I get angry. Who the fuck does he think he is? He leaves me and then comes back and starts bossing me around? I mind as well tell him maybe he'll leave. "He's my boyfriend and my fuck buddy." I state simply, he glares at me. "What Edward did you really expect me to stay a virgin for the rest of my life? I mean just because we never had sex doesn't mean I want going to have sex with someone for the rest of my entire life." I tell him, his face turns murderous now. "You lost your virginity to him! That fucking idiot!" He yells at me, I look around checking to see if anyone heard. Lucky for me we're at the frozen food section and no one really comes here. "What right do you have telling me who and who I cant have sex with." I whisper- yell at him. He grabs me and pushes me against the wall, his body flush against mine. "Just because I left you doesn't mean that I don't get jealous. You used to be mine and you never let me touch you like that and now this fucker comes along and you give yourself to him? It makes me angry knowing this Bella, it makes me fucking furious and trust me when I say that's rare because I never feel jealous. I don't love you and I still don't want to see you with someone else." He breathes, I feel dizzy and all I concentrate on is the feeling of him against me. I push him away and he stumbles back. "You selfish son of a bitch. You can move on and be happy with someone else but I cant be?" I snap at him and he shakes his head. "You can be with someone else but I don't support it." He warns me. As if I care, I don't need his fucking permission. "Well thank God I don't need your permission then." I laugh bitterly, he becomes ridge. "You want it though don't you Isabella? Especially since we'll be seeing each other so much I mean I live here now. Right in the city." He smirks at me and I stop breathing. He's going to be living here, Jake's not going to like that. Great what I didn't want to happen actually happens. Wait if he's moving here that means so is Tanya. I cant stand the bitch what am I going to do when I run into her? I don't break my calm façade though, I keep my face neutral. "Well then looks like You'll be able to meet Jake. The wonderful man who captured my heart." I tell him, throwing the last part in to make him see that I no longer wanted him. I see his fist clench and his eyes tighten. "Of course, and you'll be able to see Tanya." He smiles at me, I shudder. "I think not, keep your bitch away from me because it wont end pretty especially when I have Rose on my side." I warn him and his smile falls from his face. He hates Rose, she's been one of my best friends since I was six and he absolutely despised her. "You still talk to her?" He questions. I nod at him and its my turn to smirk. "I will destroy your lovely Tanya with Rose right on my side. Stay away from Jake and I and everything will be fine." I plead at him, trying to convince him to leave me alone. His expression softens and I see pain in his eyes. I catch a glimpse of the old, caring Edward I used to know. "I cant do that Bella, please understand I just cant." He tells me as he turns around and begins walking away from me. "I'll see you around." He turns around and smirks at me and I can see the old Edward is gone. It's replaced by this new Edward, one that I don't recognize, one that is vengeful and angry at the world. He looks at me again and then walks out of the store. A/N I hope you like it. I like this version better. I hope you enjoyed it and please review to see which story you liked better. I hated my 1 st story but I'm liking this one. Please Review