it was a portrait of a very drunk firefighter. "You and Alice are the worst," I complained, but my cheeks were red. I liked the idea more than I cared to admit. Edward and I had been hanging out for about a month now. He was easy to talk to and funny to a fault. An excellent kisser, to be sure, and a master at mixing drinks. I polished off my beer and caught his eye across the room. He wandered over as our gazes lingered, leaning over the bar. "Need another?" I tapped my lips. "Right here." He chuckled and held my chin to kiss me. "Is Jasper having a good time?" "Too much of a good time, Edward ," Alice grumbled, joining me at the bar. "I'm gonna have to have to drag his drunk ass home." "Yo, Cullen! Another round!" It was almost funny. Alice and Jasper had switched roles. By the time he woke up the next morning, he'd be back to the regular Jazz. Edward glanced down the bar at the firefighter crew. "Sorry, Alice, but these guys have been tipping me extremely well. In addition to this lovely lady right here." He kissed me again, then wandered away to serve the guys. Alice poked my ribs. "Ow!" "Have you slept together yet?" "No," I grumbled. "Not yet." "Why the hell not?" "We've done other stuff," I said defensively. "He works late, and I work a lot . . . it's been nice to take it slow." Alice nodded. "I guess you're right." "I am." "Okay. Sorry." I sighed. "Do you think I'm right?" "You are," Alice laughed. "I'm just sensing a lot of sexual tension. Like, a lot. " "I'll be sure to give you a full report," I promised, my eyes following Edward as he moved up and down the bar. "Sooner than you think." "Does this look like a crack house?" Edward sat in front of my coffee table, counting out his tips from Jasper's party. With his huge glasses and Batman t-shirt, he looked like a nerdy drug lord. "Sorry," he beamed, tucking it all away into his jeans. "Those guys literally paid my rent for this month." I handed him a glass of wine. "Sweet." Edward tapped the spacebar to bring my laptop to life. "So, what are we watching tonight?" I set my glass down and snuggled up next to him on the couch. His arm coiled around me automatically and began moving toward my ass. I leaned up to nibble under his ear. "I thought we could Netflix and chill . . . without the Netflix." "Really," he murmured, turning my head to kiss me. I curled my finger around the collar of his shirt to keep him there, smiling against his mouth. "Bzzz, bzzz," I giggled. He laughed and swiftly rose to walk with me. I led him into my bedroom and kicked off my shoes, sighing as his arms wrapped around me. I hadn't expected to feel so comfortable around him so soon, but I did. Edward groaned as I drew my hand over his jeans, unzipping them into explore inside. His kisses were hot and exciting in the darkened room. I closed my eyes as he moved down my neck, his tongue darting out over the skin. We hurriedly slipped off our clothes, eager to touch. I moaned at his hand between my legs, moving against his fingers. I felt his lips curve into a smile at his name on my lips, and pulled him down on top of me. There was a ripping noise as he tore into the condom and rolled it on. He positioned himself between my legs, his hands on my hips to guide the way. Both of us shuddered when he pushed inside. We moved slowly for a moment, adjusting. Edward pulled my leg upward toward his shoulder. "Is this okay?" "Yes," I breathed, enjoying the deeper sensation. "More than okay." "Good," he panted, bringing the other leg up. He moved faster now, varying each thrust. I felt my head fall back. I never wanted this to end. It was more than okay—it was great. Edward let my legs down and I wrapped them around his waist. He was closer this way, his breath warm on my neck. I pressed my hands flat to his back, rocking with him. It felt natural, easy as breathing. "Bella, I'm gonna . . . " he was panting now, his arms shaking. He moved faster, then groaned. A moment later he was still, nuzzling his face against my neck. Edward curled up next to me as our breathing slowed. I felt his hand sliding down my belly after a few minutes and shivered. He coaxed me toward my own release, till I peaked around him. I tilted my head to kiss his chin when it was over and sighed. "Bumble would like you to rate your experience." "Five stars," I grinned. "Definitely." Edward pulled me close. I felt him move my hair out of the way so he could kiss my shoulder. His next words were so quiet I almost missed them. "Just so you know . . . I deleted Bumble. Like, the night we met." My eyes widened. "Really?" "Yeah," he admitted. "I didn't see the point. Do you still have it?" I giggled. "I deleted it after that Sunday brunch." We laughed together. It was strange that an dating app brought us together so effortlessly. Alice had been right; it was much, much better than Tinder. I heard his sharp intake of breath as I rolled on top of him. "Bzzz, bzzz?" "Bzzz, bzzz," I agreed. A/N: I wrote this fun little oneshot in between studying for my finals. I'm so very monogamous with Number Our Days , but I wanted a fun, lighthearted sidefic. :) Bumble is a real app. The girl-messages-guy function is cool, but it does not keep away the creeps. Tread carefully, friends. Thanks for reading!