circling a big cross. When he unbuckled that big ugly ass belt, his pants hit the ground and I moaned with satisfaction at seeing him. He's long, thick, hard, and pierced! Dear God, thank you for this gift, amen! "Let your hair down!" I demanded of him before sitting up and getting up off the bed. When I was standing right in front of him I pulled him as close to me as I could. He crashed into me and we rolled around as we kissed and caressed. He covered me with his body and his hair was all around us both, blocking out any and every thing but us. He looked at me, begging softly with his eyes and words. "Please. Please, Carlisle," so I nodded to let him do as he pleased. Edward worked his way down my body, kissing and nipping, leaving a slow fire burning in his wake. He surrounded my hard weeping cock with his hot wet mouth, then pulled me up by my hips, drowning my cock and swallowing me whole. My hands moved into that long mess of soft silky hair and I held onto it as he worked me over. "Fuck, you are turning me on with that mouth of yours. That's right, babe, suck me down and swallow me whole," I told him as I shook and shivered, blowing my load as he breathed me in. "Fuck. Fuck, Edward, that's it, just like that, swallow it all." Hell, if I had been standing he would have buckled my knees from the sensations that overwhelmed me and I told him so. Edward just blushed at the compliment and ducked his head down, shooting sparks into the heart of my world at how beautiful he really was. He reached up and traced my six-pack ab lines, stirring my soul and amazing me so much more now that he was beside me. He pushed me back down and pulled some lube out of the nightstand; after coating two of his fingers, Edward nudged my legs wide open with his elbows. His hand didn't play around as he went straight for my ass, slowly spreading the lube along my puckered hole and then pushing both fingers in at once, only to pull them right back out. He slowly pushed them in this time and only about halfway, making me whimper in need for him to continue the same pattern until I was begging him for more. "Please! Please, Edward! I need more!" He must have seen how desperate I was because he did give me more. I gasped and clutched at his hair, weaving my fingers into it as he fingered me. After a few minutes of slow scissoring to make sure I was stretched, he started to pound into me like thunder. As I watched him, I saw that he was about at his breaking point as well, so I pulled at his hand, stopping him. "Get the condom, babe, I think we have both had enough teasing for the night." Edward does, immediately ripping it open and rolling it on while I watched him. He was just too sweet when he looked into my eyes and asked if I was sure. After my nod, he asked again if I was sure and I reached out, pulled him to me by his neck, kissed him hard, and all but begged him to fuck me. Edward pushed in slowly, moaning the whole time; he stilled once he was all the way in then made sure I was ok before starting a slow and steady pace. He felt great buried deep inside of me; I never want him to stop. Then when Edward did this swirl thing with his hips before driving into me again I swear I saw stars. He may be young but he sure as hell knew what he was doing. I felt the tell-tale tightening in my stomach as my balls drew up and I was about to come all over myself but I wanted Edward to come with me, so I decide to talk to him and see if he liked it, because I am a talker. "Fuck, Edward! Yes, right there, baby, right there. Oh, God, you feel amazing buried deep in my ass. Fuck, do you like it in my ass, Edward? You like fucking me hard and deep, huh, baby? Yeah, I bet you do. I bet you are going to come hard. You buried yourself so deep that I will be able to taste your come. Fuck, fuck, fuck. I am coming! EDWARD!" Fuck, I came hard all over my chest as Edward stroked my cock. He didn't last more than a couple pumps into my ass before he began coming as well. He collapsed on top of me as we got our breathing under control, me running my hands through his hair as Edward kissed and made little soft nips at my neck. Once we were back to breathing normally again he pulled out of me and got up to put the condom in the garbage before grabbing a pack of baby wipes to clean us both up. I stood to make sure he could reach all of me; I mean, who really wants to sleep with dried cum and lube on them, even if it was my own? "I guess I owe Bella big. Not only did she buy me condoms, she found me someone to use them with," Edward told me with a chuckle, but before I could ask him what he was talking about he pulled the covers back and dragged me back to bed with him. I lay on my back with Edward resting his head in the crook of my neck and his legs tangled with mine, while running his fingers through my chest hair. We fell into a peaceful sleep and I knew that we would have many, many, many more nights just like this, me and my beautiful boy.