already sensitive clit. I cry out from the orgasm that pulses through me as ripples of pleasure flow through me from the glorious sensation of his tongue. I shake and shudder around his tongue as he hungrily laps up my juices. "Fucking delicious," he says, before he stands and roughly takes handfuls of my breasts. Squeezing my nipples as he does. And fuck, it feels so fucking good. I'm so delirious, drunk on lust, and I need him inside of me now. I hear a wrapper. My eyes snap open and search for the source of the sound. He sees my face and squeezes my thigh. "Relax. It's a condom." He chuckles lightly, sliding it on his length before swirling teasing circles at my entrance. I throw my head back with a thud, and forget about my earlier headache. I moan. I can tell he loves this. "Stop teasing and fuck me," I shout at him, losing my patience. I need him inside of me, now. I feel like I'll explode otherwise. "Ask nicely." He continues with his teasing. I look up with furrowed eyebrows. "No," I say defiantly. He shakes his head. I feel his head slowly slip in. I gasp, but then he pulls out and teases me again. My head whips from side to side. "No no no." I'm on the verge of tears. "Fuck me." "Say please." He teases. He halts at my entrance like he knows I'm going to submit which I am. I can't take another second of him teasing me. "Please, please, please," I beg. In one swift motion, he's completely impaled me and it takes my breath away. "Ahh," I shout from the brute force of his thrust. "Jesus fucking Christ!" He hisses, and completely halts his movements. At first, I thought it was to let me adjust to his fucking massive dick, but it's not. I look up to see him with his head thrown back and his eyes tightly shut. He moves again. Pulling back slowly before roughly plunging deep inside of me. "Shit," I hiss. This feels so fucking good, and he's just getting started. I look up to see him trying to control himself. He looks like he wants to fuck me so hard I'll break in two. His hand slides up my body and reaches my breast to squeeze it as he drives deep inside of me. "So fucking good." He finally looks down at me. His eyes are dark, fierce, and hungry. He's about to fuck me into oblivion. "Grab the desk," he says in a thick sexual voice. Before I'm able to really grasp his words to do what he says, he rams into me hard, and begins to pick up the pace. "God damn it, you're incredible." His hand goes up further, and wraps around my throat when he sees me sliding up the desk with the force of his thrusts. I can't hold on to the desk tight enough because of the force behind them. "Oh my fucking god, yes!" I shout, feeling a violent orgasm creeping up on me. "Please don't stop," I pant. He groans a rich, deep, erotic sound. It's so fucking sexy. "Come for me baby. Come all over my fucking dick." His deep voice drips with sex, and causes me to toss my head back with a deep throaty moan, as I painfully grip onto the desk. "Shit shit shit shit . . . yes!" My body convulses with surges of heat pooling low in my belly. I shudder violently, coming so hard; the air is literally knocked out of me. He doesn't stop his pace, and continues to chase his orgasm as he pounds into me mercilessly. His eyes never leave mine. His hand never leaves my throat. Even when a strangled groan erupts from his chest and he falls forward and sinks his teeth into my flesh. "Ahh," I moan, as I feel his seed empty into the condom. His teeth sink deep into my flesh. I feel his heavy chest, rise and fall quickly, as he tries to catch his breath. "Oh my fucking god. That was amazing. You are amazing." He kisses my lips. It's a soft kiss, like a thank you kiss. Thanking me for what? For offering him my body? Was that in exchange for a fucking shower? Or maybe getting me out of trouble with the security guard? Either way I don't fucking like it and it leaves me feeling cheap. All of a sudden my thoughts and the tension in my body because of them cause the air between us to become awkward. He sits up, and scratches the back of his head. Then he pulls out of me, removes the condom, ties it up and tosses it in the bin by the desk. He holds a hand out to me, which I don't accept. I swivel my legs to the side, quickly hop off of the desk, grab my clothes, and make my way to the bathroom. I need to leave. That was just too . . . too intense, too perfect. Then he ruined it by making me feel like a whore. Fuck, what I did classifies me as a whore. I don't even know his fucking name. When I'm done dressing, I step out of the bathroom and look around. But I don't see him. I walk to where my bag is, and see a business card. On it, written in perfect penmanship is: Make yourself comfortable. I don't bother reading the business card, or looking at his name because it doesn't matter now does it? Oh god, did he really just leave? What the fuck? If I felt like a whore before, this further proves the fact that he thinks I'm one. He just left me here without a word. I decide to leave my own little note. He said this was his usual suite so he should see my note if and when he returns.