neck and shoulder, trying to give her as much pleasure as her body will let me. She's so tight. I'm never going to last long, but she's not either if i can help it. She says "more" in between her panting breaths, so I grab ahold of her hips and press her further onto my cock as I thrust into her. "Yesss. Uhh." I push her hips back arches up, moving me deeper and I watch her chest flush red. She presses my hands against her harder and comes. Her high pitched whimpers get softer as I let her ride out her orgasm. She whispers for me to please, please come. Her request and two thrusts later - I'm biting my lip to hold back from screaming in her ear. She moves off of me but quickly returns to lay her head on my chest. "If I had known you were holding that back from me...I can't decide if it was worth the wait or I should flog you for making me wait." "It was worth the wait, Bella. We love each other for who we are, not because of the earth shattering sex." "Hmmm," she hums in a soft, satisfied voice. "I guess I understand your point. I'm just so glad you weren't holding out for marriage. I'd like to finish school first and dragging you to Vegas would have messed with my plans." "Ah. I see. I'm okay to fuck but not marry. I'm wounded, Bella." I tickle her sides so she knows I'm joking. I'm in no hurry to get married. We don't need a paper or rings to show our devotion to one another. She squirms and shrieks. "Stop! I only want to graduate first!" "I know. What about moving in with me though? After this semester. It'd make the whole using me for sex thing easier." "Oooh. Good point! I think that sounds perfect." "Using me for sex?" I ask. She slaps my chest as she chuckles and looks at me. "No. Living with you. It sounds perfect." We kiss, snuggle together, and fall asleep to thoughts of love and forever. Edward Pov - The next spring If you had asked me last year on this day what I seen in my future I never could have guessed that I would be walking to meet my brother and his pregnant wife for breakfast, with my fiancee at my side. Rosalie is positively glowing and my brother is vibrating with excitement at her side. He jumps up to hug me and Bella when we get to the table. "Twins, guys! We're having twins!" "Emmett! You were supposed to wait until your parents got here!" Rose is trying her best to sound angry while smiling, making us all laugh. My parents walk in and dad asks what they missed. Emmett hugs and kisses them both. He's embraced living for today and never missing an opportunity to tell someone you love them. "Oh, you know. Nothing much...only that we're giving you two grandbabies at once!" Mom heads straight for Rose. She kisses her cheek and hugs her tight. I've never seen her this happy...any of us really, all smiling, with tears of joy in our eyes. I realize it's hope. We lost it when we lost Alice and it's been gone for so long I almost didn't recognize it. I know in my heart of hearts, it's Alice who made this all happen some how, some way. I smile a little bigger, hug Bella to my side a little tighter, kiss the top of her head - I can't wait until it's our turn to start a family. We eat, chat, and enjoy this small piece of time where everything seems right in the world before heading over to clean up the park. We all arrive and mom jumps right into leader mode- handing out t-shirts and directing everyone. I hear Emmett yelling, "Dude! You made it! He's never going to believe this!" Everyone starts whispering and elbowing each other. I have to ask Bella to help me figure out what's going on, I'm lost. "Oh, that's Emmett's buddy, the football player. I think he's here to meet with that patient you helped." "That makes sense. My brother would walk through fire for that kid. Honestly I think he would for any of his patients, but Seth, well, he's just special." "He is special. He's a walking miracle - thanks to you two." Specialists we consulted with from around the world told us Seth Clearwater would never survive. That he should be sent home to die peacefully with his family. Emmett told them all to kiss his ass and enlisted my help. With his mother's permission, we tried new experimental drugs that were still in the early stages and not yet approved to treat ALL. They worked. Seth is cancer free and every follow up so far has been clear. "Coach! Coach Edward!" Seth sees me and comes over to give me a hug. "Hi Seth! I think your head coach has a special surprise for you today." I call Emmett over and Seth is thrilled to meet his favorite Seahawk. Rose brings him Skittles and jokingly promises to name one of the twins after him. I've never watched a game so it's all rather confusing. Bella shakes her head and tells me to never admit I'm not a fan to her father. When asked by a news crew who his hero is, Seth says his Coaches without hesitation. Damn, this kid makes it easy to love him. Being at this park next to the women we love, with a young man we saved together - makes Emmett and I overjoyed. We did right by Alice. Where ever she is, I know she's proud of us for our careers and even more for opening our hearts to love. Thank you for reading! Please leave the author some love and remember to come back to vote after May 24th!