in here. Don't get me wrong, I am more than enjoying the show, but I want to participate, too." Fuck yeah, since I had his cock in my mouth, I now can't wait to get that big fucker into my ass as well. I pick Bella up and she instantly wraps her legs around my hips, putting my dick right in between her big, soft, bare pussy lips as I walk us into my huge, steamy walk-in shower and press Bella against the wall. She is grinding on me as if she is only going to get one more, so I stand there and let her use me however she wants. Pulling one of my hands from her hips, I reach out for Jasper and bring him in closer. I sign, "I want you back here, Jasper. I don't need much prep work, so you just have fun and do what feels good," before kissing him hard shoving my tongue into his mouth and hand into his hair. Bella is moaning her ass off, so I guess she is watching us again. God, do I love that she likes to watch. If this goes any further than tonight, fuck, she would be perfect—my sexy little freak. Jasper breaks the kiss to move behind me and he starts out a little slow by rubbing my ass, hips, and up my chest, all the while dropping little kisses all over my neck and shoulder. Bella is starting to tense up in my arms so I turn my attention back to her. Looking her in the eyes with a hard stare, I mouth the word "now" and just like the good girl I know she is, she listens and cums. I don't let her come down too much before I thrust my now ridiculously hard dick right into her still-clenching pussy. Fuck, that feels great. Shit, she is tight and so fucking wet. Leaning forward, I kiss her how I feel—a little out of control, but in a good way. As we kiss, Jasper must've gotten a boost of confidence from somewhere because I feel his cock, piercing and all, grinding into me but not pushing in just yet. I can't wait any longer—I just have to have him—so I grab his hip, pulling him even closer than before, and shove my ass onto his dick. He gets what I want and lines himself up with my asshole, pushing in slowly, way too slow for my liking, so I shove my hips back as fast as I can while still being inside of Bella until he is all the way in. All three of us moan at the same time: Bella because I pulled out, Jasper since his dick is now buried balls deep inside my ass, and me because the feeling is so fucking good I want to blow my load now. Fuck, it's almost too good of a feeling when I thrust back into Bella. My body is not sure how to act with all the pleasure that is coursing through it right now. Fuck, I could die a happy man. Jasper has a slow rhythm going and I use that to fuck Bella; every time he pushes into me, I push into her. Every time he pulls out of me, I pull out of her. After about five minutes of this, Bella is moaning like we are being taped and begging us for more. "Please… please… please… go faster. Harder. Fuck… Just… just give me more!" I turn to look at Jasper, to let him know that I want the same and for him to stop fucking around. He nods his head to let me know that he gets it and will comply with what we want. He does move a little faster but not much harder, and before I can turn to tell him to fucking move, Bella lets him have it. "Jasper, for fuck's sake, I am the chick in this relationship so stop being a pussy and fuck his ass like you do mine. I want it hard and fast, you know this. If you can't man the fuck up and get the job done then go sit down." Wow, I don't think I could have said it better, and before she is even done speaking Jasper starts thrusting back into me. Fuck yeah, this is what I wanted, just like this. We are all working together, moving in and out at a fast pace. When Jasper starts to talk, it pushes me even closer to the edge. "Fuck, Edward, your ass is so tight that it's strangling my cock. I'm about to shoot my cum so far up into you that it will be leaking out of you all week. Is that what you want? Huh? You want to be my cum slut just like Bella, don't you? Fuck yeah, you do, well take it. Now! Take it!" he shouts before bending his head to bite into my shoulder. His dirty words must have gotten to Bella as well because she clamps down onto my dick so tight that I can't move from her heaven which triggers my own release. We are all cumming and breathing hard; I still have Jasper's teeth in my shoulder and at some point, Bella must have latched her nails into my sides because I can feel them deep in my skin. A few minutes later, we all untangle from each other and wash up before getting out and drying off. Once that is done, I grab both of them by the hand, bringing them into my bedroom and pushing them towards the bed. Jasper climbs in first with Bella following. After I make sure to lock up and turn the lights out, I walk back into the bedroom to find both of them asleep. I crawl in and snuggle up to the back of Bella before drifting off after what has been the best night of my life so far.