you killed people?" I asked disgusted. "No, I never killed anyone. I am not venomous; I have no venom. I compelled people. I only took a little from each person. Angela is the only person I've ever 'killed'." I looked at her as though she were crazy. "Bella, you have to be venomous. You turned Angela. I could smell the venom in her system." I was completely confused. "Yeah, I guess. I stayed in my human form, so maybe it's not present in my human form." She shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal that she was drinking. Drinking, is how we referred to human blood. It was like alcohol or a drug to us. "I can't believe you're being so casual about this. You could have killed someone. You couldn't have known that you wouldn't kill the first person. You deliberately set out to kill people," I yelled throwing my hands up in the air in defeat. "I only drank from the bad ones," she whispered. I stopped cold. "What?" "Just like you, I only drank from the bad ones. I... I only killed the bad ones," she whispered again. "Killed?" "Edward, please," she begged with tears in her eyes. This was my fault. I told her the stories of my rebellion. Stories that I'd never shared with anyone, but her. She used it to justify her actions. I sat down heavily on the bed, not caring that it groaned in protest. Not only was she drinking she was lying to me, a sure sign of a user's problem. "So, you killed people?" "Only the bad ones; I killed the murderers, child molesters, the scum. I never hurt an innocent person. I can turn the venom off. I can drink without killing. I just..." "Choose not to." I finished for her. That was even worse. She chose to kill those men or women. The thought of her lips on another man's neck sickened me to the core. "Alice checked. How could she miss something that big? How did Angela not know? Was she killing too?" "No, she didn't know. I hid it from her. I hid myself from Alice. I sent her false visions. It's no one's fault. I did what I did on my own. I'm sorry, Edward, it won't happen again," she vowed. "I can't trust you. You will have to earn my trust as well as the families. I want you to confess what you've done. God, I could really beat your ass for this." I mumbled. "Spank me? Like a punishment?" she asked. "Yes, I really could. You are being a rebellious child who needs her ass whooped." "It's not 1918 anymore. People don't get spanked," she argued. I wasn't seriously considering whipping her, but the way she talked you'd think she wanted me too. So, I asked, "Bella, do you want to be punished?" "Yes," she whispered. "How?" "Whatever way you want, Edward. I just... I can't live with the guilt of what I've done. I need punished. It's one of the reasons I stayed away. I was punishing myself. Maybe, Carlisle should make us siblings on the next move." She sighed as she plopped down in the floor in front of me. We were both still completely naked. "No, that would be punishing me. I did no wrong. I won't be able to trust you again for a while . You will be with me twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week from here on out. If for some reason, I cannot be in your line of sight, then another member of this family will be with you. You will keep your mind open to me at all times. We are going back to high school; you are not allowed to do any of your work at vampire speed. I'm serious Bella. You do what I say, when I say it, is that understood?" "Yes, god, can't you just spank me and be done with it?" she rolled her eyes. "I should spank you, in human form so I know it hurts. I'm so disappointed in you Bella, I can't even think straight. Once I've calmed down enough, I'll deal with you. Put your clothes on and go sit with Carlisle. You can tell our father what you've done. He'll be even more disgusted with you than I am right now." I growled getting angrier by the second. "You did the same thing. No one hated you for it, they accepted you back," she argued. "That's where you're wrong, love. Carlisle forgave me, but I got my ass handed to me on a silver fucking platter. I never told you about that one. Maybe, I'll let Carlisle spank you." I huffed. Just thinking about the day I came home after my human binge gave me chills. Carlisle had never been so upset with me. He beat the shit out of me and I let him. I took everything he gave me, because I deserved it. Bella dressed and left the room quickly. I followed her with my mind; she had obeyed me and opened her thoughts to me. I'm lucky he didn't send me away. I should be thankful for anything my family does to me. I'm evil, a monster. How could I have thought it was all right? I told him it wasn't right. Him? Who is this him? Was she with another man while she was away? AN: The next chapter will be from Bella's point of view. I will be switching to different POV throughout the story where needed. I will not cover the same material unless it's absolutely impossible not to. I really hate stories in MPOV's that say the same thing over for each person. This story will have more drama, not necessarily every chapter, but there will be more. We will also see the return of some characters from Mr. Cullen. Any guesses as to who Bella's him is. Read and review. Pretty Please? ;)