me feel better. On Monday, she made me a massive chocolate cake with pink icing and the words The Greatest Little Brother arching across it in perfect hand. Excellent work which I had rudely moaned about and turned away. Tuesday, she rented my favourite movies from the store in town. Usually, I would have leapt up and down with excitement at the titles. Saw IV, Mirrors, Kill Bill all the movies that me and Renesmee used to watch together. My heart bled when I saw that and I suddenly couldn't breathe. I turned away and ran to my room as fast as I could. Wednesday, she piled Meghan, Paul and I into a car, even though I protested like Hell and drove us to Port Angeles for dinner at TGI Fridays. It had been nice, but I hadn't been able to stomach the food. Without Nessie there with me, it just seemed wrong to eat, I got down a plate of dinner and manfully swallowed the smallest portion of cake and ice cream I had ever eaten in my life. Of course, I hadn't been able to keep it down for too long, I vomited it back up in the bathroom before we left. Feeling bad, I insisted on paying, which pretty much destroyed the whole purpose of the night which was, ironically, dedicated to trying to make me happy. All I received from that night was an unfilled stomach and an empty wallet. Thursday, she took the taxi with Meghan to Hoquiam and brought me home the greatest car parts she could find, which I had to admit, was impressive. There were things in the pile that the other day, I would have started screaming about, but I felt nothing as I looked at them, just the desperation to get rid of the pain that was just getting worse with all of Rachel's efforts. The pain was far too strong for me to feel a single ounce of good. And I was doomed to it. chapter nine JALICE CULLEN Escape My mind was silent as I ran, not a thought or a voice to sooth me out of this ridiculous anger. For a moment, I almost wished I was a gargantuan shape shifter like Jacob. I would've given anything right now to have what he had, the ability to shift from one form to another, to lose myself in something else. That would've made me feel more free, less myself. I ran without thought until I reached the river, I skidded to a stop and peered over the edge of the cliff. The murky water swirled in circles far below me, spinning with a force I knew would pull me under if I tried to cross. My eyes strayed from the raging water to the land on the other side, it was a beautiful bottle green in the sunlight and the trees and plants grew infinitely around each other, winding into each other's trunks and leaves, slowly but surely killing each other. Just like human life, we all tried to grow together, but we were all doomed to the same fate, no matter how hard we tried to escape it. I knew at that moment, I wanted to be wild. I wanted to run free in the forest, unbound from any laws or rules, alone in my mind, soul and being, nobody to intrude on my silence. I wanted to break away from my family someday and go off on my own, with my Skye at my side... I wanted to be a vampire. Although I thought it really sucked that vampires were stuck with the weight of thirst on their shoulders, I had to admit, it seemed tempting right now. Just to run off into those trees-the river nothing to my reflexes-And kill whatever was in sight. Animals, humans...Did it matter? As long as my thirst was fulfilled it shouldn't. I'd have no worries and no woman to hold me down. Free to do whatever I wanted without having to suffer any consequences from what I left behind me as I ran. They could've all been like that, us Cullens. We could just run into the forest and kill whatever we came across, be normal vampires, rather than keep up this ridiculous human facade. What were we trying to prove, that we had a soul? How could we when they had been lost in death years ago. So what were we still doing here, trying to sustain human life? Bring on the blood and guts. I jogged back home, with a feeling of cheeriness in the pit of my gut as well as a lucid idea of what I was going to ask my mother when I got through those doors. Screw the party, screw the stupid dogs and their celebrations and screw Alicia and Nessie. I had been waiting ever since the first day I had been fostered into this family for this. Since that very moment Dad had told me what the family were, I had wanted to be just like him and I knew now that nothing was going to stop me from getting what I wanted. I was going to make them turn me into a vampire tonight, or goddamn my soul. "Ask them." I muttered. Taking a deep breath in, I took another step forward. "Ask them to be a vampire…Ask them…" "Wanna be a vampire?" A voice asked from the dark tress above, one that I hadn't expected so I leapt up in the air. There was a snicker from behind me. "Whose there?" I ordered into the darkness, which was the dumbest thing I could've done. We've all seen horror movies, right? It was a death wish. "Do you really want to be a vampire, kid?" Another female voice questioned me. I shuddered at the sound of it, so raspy…So scary. "Y-Yeah?" It seemed to be more of a question than a statement. (THIS STORY IS CONTINUING, I'M WORKING ON IT)