weeks," Edward quipped. "He has," Bella grumbled. "With no help from you." "Hey, little guy, can I have my shirt back?" Edward laughed. He turned back to his patient, sticking his tongue out at the now laughing baby boy. "Give Edward his shirt." Bella laughed, echoing Edward's comments. "But see? He likes you. When Ben and Angela came over, all he did was whimper and cry." She chuckled, shaking her head at the memory. "He pretty much spent the day buried in my shirt." "Well that's good to know. Not every baby feels that way about me. Better yet, I'm sure he'll be great once you select a doctor for him." Bella frowned deeply, her jaw jutting out just a bit. "What did I say?" Edward asked nervously. Things were obviously not good between the two of them; he didn't want to add to the strain. Bella let out a breath and sighed, slumping her shoulders. "I was hoping you'd be willing to take him on." "I'm not sure that's a good idea, Bella. With things the way they are, do you?" he persisted. Their moment was broken by a sharp rumble. "When was the last time you ate something?" Edward suddenly asked. "Yesterday evening?" Bella replied, unsure of the answer herself. Nights were such a blur when it came to handling Damien. "Come on, Bella. I'll put in the orders for Damien's x-rays and lab tests now, but we should go eat." "We?" Bella questioned warily. "Yes, we. It'll give you a chance to refuel and hopefully we can start to hammer out some details." 'Fine," Bella grumbled petulantly. As they finally made their way out toward the parking lot, Bella felt a twinge of jealousy as she finally saw and sensed just how many eyes, both male and female, fell on them. She was aware he was a hot commodity around the office — her own coworkers and her friends told her so — but to see it firsthand was almost unbearable. Her throat constricted just broaching the subject mentally about how many times he must have been hit on, "accidentally" bumped into, or worse. As they made their way towards Bella's car, a slender red hair beauty sashayed towards the hungry couple. "Edward, baby! Care to catch a late lunch?" she called. "Can't!" he answered, politely nodding in reply. The fragile family finally arrived at a nearby bistro. When Bella extracted Damien from his car seat, a seemingly odd thing happened. He began struggling against the straps of his car seat. "Hey little man, we'll get you out of there real soon." Bella beseeched, as she hurried to work against the contraption. When she was finally able to lift him out, he reached out toward the restaurant. "Edward?" Bella laughed, nervously. He had already voiced his displeasure at being involved with the boy, so she knew this could only add to their tense relations. "Hmm?" he asked, turning back and walking toward her. "I think he wants you," she admitted, blushing slightly at the thought. Though his eyes initially narrowed, he acknowledged her request scooping up the struggling baby boy and nestling him over his shoulder. ~~~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ O ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Their time at the restaurant was light, but the tension was still evident. Edward furrowed his brow and ruffled his hair in frustration. Even though he hadn't fallen out of love with Bella, he knew their current trajectories were completely incompatible. Her random acts and spontaneous decisions were too much for him to bear. "Bella? We really need to talk about this," Edward whispered grimly. "Edward, we need to talk, but not like this," Bella insisted, staring straight into Edward's shining green eyes. Normally such a thing would absolutely melt her, but today was too important. "Do you still love me?" she asked with baited breath. "With all of my heart, Bella. Never question that," he answered simply. "I don't think I could ever love anyone else more than I love you." "I love you, too," she whispered, her eyes threatening to brim with tears. "But I feel right about this. I know I screwed up and should have told you first. I was going to tell you on your birthday," she admitted. "But Edward, you're great with kids. They adore you. Everyone says that." "They're wrong. And they would know that being a child's doctor is different than being a parent. I hoped you'd know that, too." "I do. I do. But isn't our love worth more? And can't we show love to Damien?" she crowed. "I want to make this work. Can we go to marriage counseling? Try to work on us. I know I haven't been the best wife." "And I haven't been the best husband," he acknowledged with a slight nod. "So we can work on that. And Edward, I've seen you with Peter and Charlotte. You're great with them. Your parents would be proud. And look, I think Damien has a new favorite person." She laughed. Looking down, he finally noticed that the boy had burrowed deeply into his shoulder, seemingly trying to escape the world. The moment was broken by an intrusion from their waitress. "I think we're done." he offered. "I'm sorry you didn't get to eat." She smiled apologetically. "But I must say, your son is just adorable and he obviously loves his daddy. Edward could only give a curt nod. Thankfully, the waitress gathered up their plates to put into to-go containers. He was useless as a caretaker. His marriage lying in shambles only proved the point. Though he loved Bella, mediation would only further highlight his inadequacies and just how unsuitable a partner and presumably a father he would be. But somewhere inside of him, he wanted to be the man she saw, even if it was just a figment of her imagination. "Let's do it." Thank you for reading! Please leave the author some love and remember to come back to vote after May 24th!