bring his lips close to mine. He stops to give me a bright smile before taking my lips in a kiss. I feel all the tension leave me as he urges my lips open. When he sucks my lips into his mouth, it feels like he has healed my broken heart with just that one kiss. As we continue to kiss, he sneaks his hands underneath my tank top and grazes my stomach. I moan at the contact and feel him smile against my lips. When the need to breath escalates, he lets go of my lips, only to continue his exploration of my neck with his lips. Throwing my head back at the sensation, I say, "Love me, Edward." "I do, baby. I love you … only you," he replies. I take the hand he has been using to cup my face and let it slide down to rest on my breast. He follows my silent request and caresses me through the thin fabric of my top. "Love me," I say again. This time, he looks straight into my eyes as the words leave my lips. He must find whatever he looks for in there because the next thing I know, he has scooped me up in his arms. He carries me to my bedroom and when he lets me slide down his body, I feel him … all of him against me. He kisses me once more before asking, "You sure about us?" "Always," I reply resolutely. His hands reach for the hem of my top, and the next few moments are filled with tugging and pulling and pushing of clothes as we revel in the way we love each other. With one more kiss at my naked shoulder, he lowers me down on the bed. He stares at me for a moment as I lay there beneath him before smiling up at me and saying, "Fuck! I'm a lucky bastard." Wrapping my legs around his hips, I bring us as close to each other as possible and ask playfully, "And why is that, Mr. Cullen?" He gives me his best cheeky smile and kisses my collarbone. "Because I'm in love with a girl who is beautiful inside and out, and by some miracle, she loves me too." I moan as I feel him drop open-mouthed kisses on my nipples and reply, "That she does, baby." Letting go of my nipple from his mouth, he skims down my body … placing butterfly kisses anywhere he can reach. When I feel his lips on me, I cannot help but grab his hair in my hand. The tugging only seems to make him more desperate. The moment he joins me in the most intimate way for the first time, I feel it in my bones—this is exactly how we are supposed to be. As his thrusts get erratic and he still manages to tell me that he loves me, I know … I know that it's the most beautiful truth in our lives. When he tugs me to lie beside him with my head resting on his chest and his heart beating beneath my ear, I feel like it's beating just for me … just like mine is for him. ~*~*~*Stay In My Heart*~*~*~ The sound of my phone ringing brings me out of the most amazing dream I could ever remember of having. As I turn around to reach the phone, I meet the sleeping face of my best friend, the man I love—my Edward. A wide smile threatens to split my face in two as I lean forward to kiss his lips just because I can, and then I reach for the phone. "Bell, have you seen Edward?" Even before I can utter a single word, I am greeted by Edward's twin sister's panicked voice. "Alice?" "Yeah," she replies. "We cannot seem to find Ed. He's supposed to leave soon, isn't he?" Her loud cries seem to have woken Edward up because I feel him reach over me and speak into the phone. "No, he isn't. He is staying right here, Allie. Now, I'll appreciate it if you leave me alone with my girlfriend." "Girlfriend?" Alice echoes the word before a squeal of delight coming from her end almost threatens to turn me deaf. "Oh my God! You two finally got together! We've been hoping for this forever!" Edward clears his throat and says, "Allie? We're hanging up now. We'll see you for dinner tonight." Then he hangs up without letting her say another word. I arch an eyebrow at him and ask thoughtfully, "So … girlfriend, huh?" He shrugs. "We love each other and we're each other's best friends. I don't see why I can't call you my girlfriend." I place a kiss on the tip of his nose and nod. "Then you're my boyfriend." "I'll be honored to be so, Miss Swan," he responds, hugging me to his chest. A sudden thought strikes me and I blurt out, "Do you think we're going to be one of the clichéd couples? The ones who fall in love with their best friends?" Taking my hand in his, he kisses my knuckles. "I fell in love with my best friend. If it's cliché, then I don't care. I'll be part of those sappy clichéd couples if that means I can have you with me." "You'll always have me, E," I whisper to him. "Likewise, B. Now that I've found you, I'm not letting you go … ever." His words bring tears of joy in my eyes. As we sink back into the dream we created the night before, I know it. I know that Edward is going to stay in my heart … forever . ~*~*~The End*~*~*~ A/N: So, what did you think, Granma? I hope you had the smelling salts handy! ;) Share your thoughts with me and leave a review and wish my adoptive Granma a very happy birthday, guys! :D Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann