them succumb to their wounds either way. They are beyond help; certainly beyond Bella's help, lacking any medicinal equipment or even over-the-counter medicine. She desperately misses the 20th century luxuries, but when she turns to look over her shoulder and sees Edward McCullen staring at her, she blushes furiously and doesn't think she wants to be anywhere else. The boy Jamie is there as well. He looks horrible, but he is quick to heal, and he starts joking with her as soon as he regains his speech. His curls are flattened, but his spirit is not. He's cute, in a boyish way, like a younger brother, and Bella likes spending time with him. A slow friendship forms between her and Alice, who, as it turns out, is not only the daughter of the man who considers Edward his son, but also a person most similar to a doctor in this place. She runs the makeshift hospital, and next to the soldiers, there's also actual sick people here. The work is hard but meaningful, and Alice eats with Bella every day, so it's not too bad. Alice gives her old clothing from her mother Esme and teaches her how a proper lady is to be behaved. Bella misses her father. She wonders what Jacob is doing. Is the police looking for her? Maybe they even suspect him to have murdered her? Whenever she thinks about Jacob, she starts biting her lips nervously, as if she's somehow letting him down. Her wedding ring is on her finger, so there's no reason for her to feel guilty, she argues. It's the eleventh day after the huge battle when Edward is fit to stand and walk again. The wound on his head has hindered his movements, but now he insists on walking again. Bella only reluctantly lets him go. She knows that back home, he would've been kept in the hospital for supervision for at least another week – head wounds can become very serious very fast. "Well," she says, "will you go off and fight again?" They're standing by the building's only window, a high glass pane that seems like it once belonged in a church. Bella can't stand the thought of him going off and getting himself killed. He looks like he wants to say something, but then glances down at her hands and closes his mouth. Instead, what he says is a simple and clear, "Yes. It is my duty." She looks down. There's nothing she can do about that, then. Bella shrugs. "Fine then, go and get yourself killed, see if I care." That gets her a smile from Edward, and that in turn causes Bella to smile as well. "I wanted to ask you one thing," Edward says. His voice is low. "Will you come to the stone circle with me? Just once." Bella nods before her brain has fully registered the question. They begin their walk in the early hours of the evening. Edward has procured a donkey and Bella rides it reluctantly. She falls down a few times, but isn't surprised. Horse riding really isn't her thing. The donkey is patient, though, as is Edward, and when they reach the forest, Bella starts talking about her home. Edward believes her; she trusts him. He listens wide-eyed to her stories. He doesn't really understand radio or computers, but he says he'd love to see electricity. When they arrive at the stone circle, the donkey shies and Edward helps Bella descend. Together they stand in front of it just when the first rays of sunlight touch the ancient stones. "You want to return?" Edward asks nonchalantly. "To your cars and radios and planes?" Bella nods. They don't look at each other but instead stare at those inconspicuous stones. "I want to." Bella turns to look at him and takes his hand carefully. Edward doesn't move. "Do you want to come with me?" "You have got a husband." he replies, and Bella kisses him. It's beautiful. She feels like she's flying, able to take on the whole world, or at least one continent. His lips are chapped and taste like pine cones. "No," she states and hears how he breathes in sharply. "I can't come with you," he replies and she steps back. Her heart is beating fast. She can't leave him here. She can't just... she can't. "It is my duty to stay here." "You will die!" she says and her voice is loud. "I know my history, Edward! Scotland will become a part of the United Kingdom and stay that way for a long, long time! Any rebellion is doomed to fail!" Edward winces. "Still. I have a duty to these people. They took me in when I would have died otherwise. I owe them my life." "I saved you too," Bella says. She can't believe how heartbroken she sounds. "Stay here with me," Edward pleads with her. "One year. No more. Then we can go." "Home?" Bella asks, and she hates the hope that's blooming in her chest. Edward is still breathing. He's gorgeous, Bella thinks suddenly, with the bright orange sunlight catching in his hair, haloing him like a heavenly creature. "Yes. Home. My home. My father built this stone circle. Will you come with me?" Bella has never been a history nerd – but she knows that stone circles were built long before the year zero. She merely looks at Edward, speechless, before she finds her words. "Edward," she asks, "where are you from? When are you from?" He looks at her from eyes infinitely ancient. "I do not know when I was born. Two thousand years before this Christ the people of this castle keep talking about. Maybe three or four." He's old, Bella thinks, but she hadn't realized just how ancient he really is. Suddenly, she's afraid – his lips were so soft – she begins to run and touches the light in the stone circle, and then there's nothing. To Be Continued