it into this assignment and not into trying to piss me off. It's not going to work. You're not going to get me to run-I'm not going anywhere. Now, here's the formula. What numbers from the problem get plugged into each spot?" xxxxxxxxxxxxxx Narrator POV Day after day, Bella Swan kept showing up at Paul's door for their tutoring sessions. No matter what he said or did, she continued to come. Before long, her calm demeanor and persistence had him starting to feel bad for the hard time he was giving her—here she was trying to help him, and he continually tried to shove her away. Not that he was wholehearted about it; half of him wanted nothing more than to pull Bella close and never let her leave. But the wounded part of Paul was still convinced that she didn't deserve someone as damaged as he was. Over time, though, Bella seemed to wear away at Paul's resolve just like the ocean waves crashing against the coastline. He'd thought of himself as immovable as a boulder…well, boulders eventually got eroded. He didn't tone it down completely—that was not in his nature. But he did try to do better, and—as Sam had said—not act like a complete ass. Bella still blushed a lot, and didn't meet his eyes much. When she did, though…it made the wolf wonder if the girl's dreams were anything like his. But she kept coming, drawn by the imprint—even though she didn't know anything about it—to spend time with him. Her brown eyes just pulled Paul in, made him think that nothing else mattered. Their time together increased when Jacob and his friends got sick. Billy put a halt to their tutoring sessions until the bug was completely gone. "Don't want you to get exposed, Bella," he said. Though, of course, none of the boys were actually sick. The natural consequence of a family of vampires living in close proximity to a tribe of shapeshifters had claimed another trio of victims. Jacob, Quil, and Embry all phase into pack membership, revealing Embry as a secret Quileute—and almost certainly Sam's half-brother. Not that Bella knew any of that—at least not yet. Paul was starting to think that he didn't want to keep her in the dark. If she knew, she could be here all the time. If she knew—if she accepted—then the wolf would be happy. So it was Paul, rather than the Three Musketeer, who spent time with Bella, teaching her about the area in thanks for her tutoring help, and starting to ease her into One day—and it was a surprise to some that it had taken this long—Paul's preoccupation with Bella finally attracted the attention of someone other than Sam. Bella was down at the beach again with her school friends, and Paul couldn't stop staring. It was his bad luck that the one who noticed the staring match was Jacob. The younger wolf slammed into Paul with crushing force. Eyes focused on his imprint, Paul never saw the attack coming and went down hard, Jake landing no top of him, punches flying. With Jake's body pinning one arm-and with one of Jake's arms pressing down on his throat, Paul couldn't get the leverage to start punching back. Seconds later, Jacob was flying backward through the air, pulled off Paul by a furious Alpha. Bella raced to Paul's side and dropped heavily to her knees beside him. "Baby, are you okay?" her hands ran through his hair, fluttered over his face and chest, tracing each rapidly forming bruise. The snorts, laughter, and catcalls of their audience sent Bella's face spinning through the color spectrum from pale peach to tomato red. "Baby?" he asked, questioning the endearment. "Gah. What was I thinking? Why did I do that? You must think I'm an idiot or something. I need to shut up. Gah! Why can't I stop this word vomit?" "When we speak without thinking, we're actually saying what we really think." "But why am I thinking it? Why can't I stop dreaming about you? Wanting…" "What do you want?" he held his breath, hardly daring to hope. Bella looked around in obvious embarrassment at their attentive audience. "Now?" "We can go," he said, vaulting easily to his feet and making her squeak in surprise. "Tell her, Paul. All of it," Sam stated firmly. "Don't screw this up." "What's going on?" Bella begged once they were alone. Finally done fighting and willing to try stepping out onto the branch of hope and trust, Paul finally told her everything: being a wolf, the imprint and what it meant, how he'd tried to put her first and leave her free to have the life she dreamed of. "Why didn't you ask me then what I wanted?" "I…I didn't want to hear you say 'no'." "You thought I'd say no? I'm a babbling mess anytime I'm near you. My face glows as red as Rudolph's nose. I dream about you every single night, and I'm probably sort of in love with you. How could you think I'd turn you down?" "I'm—I think I'm in love with you, too, but—" "You're a great guy, Paul. Yeah, you got dealt a crappy hand in life, but you aren't letting it stop you. I've seen how hard you're working to get caught back up in school, and I bet you work just as hard at being a wolf protector." "But you—" "Paul, I'm not going anywhere." Brown eyes met black. Nervous laughter filled the air. Two bodies moved in unison, unconsciously. Arms wrapped around waists and the wolf and his imprint melded together in an embrace. Running a sweep past Paul's house later that day, Jared reported to the others that they should keep a wide berth—Bella Swan wasn't going anywhere. And she didn't. The second it was legally possible, Bella moved in with Paul, tending to him with such attention that the wolf purred in pleasure no less than the man did.