across her rosy nipples; bringing them to hardened peaks. Bella arched into my touch and I broke our kisses to lavish them on her breasts, taking one nipple into my mouth to taste the sweetness of her. "Fuck, Edward. That feels so good." She whimpered. She reached her hand down between us and stroked my erection from the outside of my jeans. I turned my attention to her other breast as she popped the button on my jeans and lowered the zipper before I had even realized it. She palmed my cock through the soft cotton of my boxer briefs and I bucked my hips into her touch. "Jesus, Bella." I panted. "I think we should move this conversation into the bedroom." "Mmm, good idea." She smiled before kissing me quickly and hopping up off my lap. She offered me her hand and pulled me up from the couch to lead me into my bedroom. "Those jeans need to go, handsome." "I could say the same about yours, beautiful." We made quick work of shedding our jeans, leaving us only in our underwear. Bella's delicate panties matched the bra she'd been wearing moments earlier. I watched as Bella pulled back the covers and crawled into the middle of my bed. She wiggled her curvy little ass and smiled at me over her shoulder. "Coming, big boy?" "Not yet, but I will be soon," I growled as I followed her onto the bed and hovered over her. She tangled her fingers into my hair as she brushed her lips against mine. I caressed her silky thigh as she hitched her leg up resting it on my hip. I cupped her sex with my hand and grinned at the wetness I'd found there. "You're so wet, baby." "I want you, Edward." "I'm here, Bella. Tell me what you want." "Touch me …" I pulled the lacy panties down her slender legs and threw them on the floor behind me. Bella was bare and panting beneath me. I slowly kissed my way up her thighs to her apex. I ran my fingers through her folds, circling her clit before pushing two of my fingers into her center. I licked at her clit before sucking it into my mouth and circling it with my tongue. The beautiful moans coming from Bella's mouth spurred me on as she tangled her fingers in my hair lightly scratching my scalp. She was enjoying having my mouth on her as much as I was. I lapped at her sensitive bud as I worked my fingers in and out of her – curling them to graze just the right spot. I quickly removed them and plunged my tongue into her just as I felt her walls begin to quake. I worked her clit with my fingers until I felt the rush of her essence on my tongue. "Edward …" Bella whimpered. "Please, I need you inside me." I gazed into her eyes –finding them hooded and a little darker. I kissed her stomach and nodded before pulling off my boxers and reaching for a condom from the bedside table. I rolled the latex down my length and moved to hover over Bella again. She was beautiful and delightfully flushed from her orgasm. "Are you sure?" "God, yes, Edward." "I don't want this to be a one-time thing, Bella." "Me either. I don't want to be a puck bunny, Edward. I want to be with you, please?" "I don't want you to be a puck bunny either, baby. I only want to be with you, and I desperately want to prove it. Can I make love to you, Bella?" "Yes," she whispered as her hips bucked trying to find the friction I'd failed to provide. The tip of my cock swept through her folds, sliding through her wetness. We both gasped at the contact. Even with a condom I was sensitive. I leaned down and took her lips in mine as I slowly pushed into her. She was heaven and hell all wrapped into one. She was so tight, but felt so fucking good. "Ung … God, Edward. You feel so good. "If you only knew, my Bella." I panted. I moved in and out of her languidly, my lips never leaving her skin. Bella held on to my shoulders – her nails digging into my skin as she whimpered beneath me. The sounds coming from her lips spurring me on as I ground my hips against hers, I could feel her walls fluttering around me and I knew she was close. "Fuck, Bella … I'm gonna … come," I whimpered as I came. I could feel her warmth all around me as she clenched down on my cock. God, what I would have given to have felt her with no barriers between us. Without breaking our connection, I rolled us to our sides, so that I could hold her and catch my breath without squishing her. "Edward … that was …" "Incredible?" "Mmm … yeah that works." She smiled. "Stay here with me tonight," I plead. "I'm not ready to let you go yet." "I'm not ready to let you go either. If you want me to stay, of course I will, Edward." This was a start. Making love to Bella was so much more than I thought it would be. She had no idea the extent of my feelings but I hoped I showed her with my body and soul. I wasn't lying when I told Bella I wanted more than just one night. This was so much more, she was so much more than that. She wasn't ready to hear the words yet, but soon I would clear all her doubts and make sure she knew exactly what my feelings were. Not all hockey players were man-whores and I, Edward Masen, was in love with Bella Swan. As always let us know what you think. Thoughts? Don't forget to check out our blog at twotwimoms. blogger. com