to remember if I saw a ring on her finger. I never got that far. I was always too focused on her beautiful face, and her angelic presence. I exhale loudly through my nose out of frustration and heartbreak. "I know that look," She says to me sadly. "You love her without even knowing her." I nod. "This asshole will ruin her life, but she's seemingly stuck on him. He doesn't treat her well either", she tells me and I grip the table. My anger taking over me. "Why are you telling me this," I ask her through gritted teeth. "Because I see how you look at her. You adore her." She gives my hand a sympathetic squeeze. "You don't think that I'm a creep?" I patiently wait for her answer. "No, I don't. I think that you would be a breath of fresh air for her. God knows that no man has ever stood out in the cold just to get a glance of her." "I was going to talk to her yesterday,"I confess. Thinking back on how furious I was at myself for chickening out. "I'm glad you didn't," She tells me and I furrow my eyebrows at her. Isn't that what she wants me to do. "You're a little rough around the edges," She plucks at my shirt and I flinch away quickly. "Sorry", she moves her hand. "Let me know when and if I get too friendly. Sometimes I forget." She laughs at herself. "Do we have a deal?" "Deal?" I ask her again still confused. I thought this was her way of telling me to back off because Bella's engaged. She sighs heavily exasperatedly. "Haven't you been listening?" I nod and she rolls her eyes. "I just need you to sweep her off her feet, which shouldn't be hard because I can tell that you absolutely adore her," she blinks. "What do you get out of this,"I question. How can I trust her? And why does she trust me? She shrugs. "The satisfaction of knowing that my friend isn't marrying a complete douche. You, with your looks, coupled with the very raw feelings that you must have for her should rattle her enough to make her question her love for him", She explains. "And if it doesn't work,"I ask her after a long pause as I sit and begin to try to process her words. "It will work,"She tells me. "What if it doesn't,"I ask again and she smiles and pats my hand. "If you love her, you won't give up. That's the point of picking someone with actual feelings for her. I was going to go to an escort or a dating service, second-guessing my plans because I figured these guys would break her heart if she actually fell for them...but you? You won't break her heart", She tells me and I nod understanding. This is what I want right? A chance. Alice could give me that chance. I definitely won't have a chance if she gets married. I close my eyes thinking hard about the possibility of this blowing up in my face...then I think out loud with a shrug. "What do I have to lose." A big smile graces her face and she stands quickly hugging my shoulders. I freeze; not used to affection especially not from strangers. "Will you agree to a makeover?" She asks with a raised eyebrow and a hand on her hip. "Will it hurt?"I ask and she laughs a full throaty laugh as if she was not expecting a question like that. "You and I are going to be great friends Edward, "She tells me through her laughter and I smile slightly. We leave the cafe shortly after Alice's laughing fit with plans to meet the next day to start what she deemed as 'training' and I inwardly freak out when she says that she'll need to see where I live. That night Carlisle is surprised that I make it in time. "Don't look so surprised old man,"I tell him and he laughs patting me on my back as we walk to the shelter. I don't tell Carlisle what happened because I'm afraid of what he'll say. I think he'll try to talk me out of it. Carlisle and I do talk about a few things. He tells me that he was approached by a private investigator and that he had some choice words for the guy. "Then he gives me this,"Carlisle holds up a letter. "My brothers are looking for me." I shrug. "You should be flattered. At least someone is looking for you." I left my home almost twelve years ago and haven't seen or heard from my family since. Carlisle pats my back sympathetically but moves his hand quickly when I brush it off. I'm not trying to be rude; I just really hate sympathy and pity. "Who's to say that your mother hasn't looked for you everyday son, "He says and I nod."I'm glad that you feel better," and I nod again. "I feel a lot better thank you,"I tell him as we finish our dinner. I go to bed thinking about the 'deal' that Alice and I have. I'm starting to think I'll be better off waiting until I see her in front of the cafe and attempt to talk to her myself, but then Alice's words ring in my ears. She likes well-groomed men. Reminds me that I'm homeless and unkempt. This is my way in. My only opportunity with her. My chance at love. All thanks to the spectacular beta skills of Frannie Walsh! You are a life saver :) Please join my Facebook group [Twilightsavedme] Thank you all for reading. To avoid confusion, I must tell you that this is a re-write of my story Rugged. Only a few things will be different in the beginning, but as the chapters are posted, more of the plot will be noticeable different. Thanks again. Drop a review if you can. :)