I'd been with Jake, and he'd rarely made me orgasm. After resorting to self-love, I found I could experience what I always called a mini-orgasm, but I seemed to stop at the peak of pleasure. I never seemed to crash over to the other side. Now, under Edward's touch I was unbelievably aroused and felt myself coiling and building. I felt the familiar peak and was slightly disappointed as I once again stopped there. I leaned against the wall, still in Edward's arms. "No, baby, you're not done. I can feel it." He breathed huskily into my ear. "Feel it; don't stop. Let go." He continued his touch slipping a finger inside of me. I tensed, all sensations rising over the edge, and then I shattered as the strongest orgasm I'd ever had crashed through me. My head fell back and I screamed, collapsing as Edward held me up. "Good girl." He continued to caress me gently. "That was so good. Edward, I don't want to stop. Do you have a condom?" "Shit. I don't. I... crap... I didn't really plan on this." This admission kind of made me happy. At least he wasn't a man-whore, searching for one-night stands. "Ugh, me neither. My roommates keep telling me I need to be prepared. Why didn't I listen to them?" "Bella. " He stopped my words with kisses. Considering my options, I slipped down his chest, licking and sucking as I went, until I was seated on the built-in shower bench. It was the perfect height. I licked the tip of his cock and was rewarded with a groan. I peeked up at him and he looked so hot, head thrown back, bracing himself against the shower walls, glistening as the hot water streamed over his skin in rivulets. He gasped. "Fuck, that feels so good." I had never been a big fan of blow jobs, but with Edward it was different. I wanted to please him. I sucked and licked, adding my hands at the base since I was unable to put his entire length in my mouth. In what seemed like just a few minutes, Edward mumbled, "Bella, I'm close," and he began to pull away from my mouth. I stopped him and then his hot stream exploded into my mouth. I couldn't help the continuation of evaluating tastes - he was salty, with a mixture of sweet and spice. "Jesus, argh..." His legs seemed to be shaky for a moment as he leaned more heavily on his arms. I stood up and we held each other, our hands never stopping their caresses. We finally began to wash, shampooing and then using a washcloth with the high-end shower gel. We hurried to rinse off as the water began to turn cool. Wrapped in huge fluffy robes, Edward continued to towel dry my hair. "Stay," he whispered. I nodded and he reached around from behind to hug me. I reached for my toiletry case to brush my teeth and as I pulled out my toothbrush I noticed a small box. What was this? Edward peeked over my shoulder in response to my small gasp. There in my hand was a box of condoms with a Post-it note: Bella, You need to have some FUN! ;-) Rose and Alice Edward and I looked up at one another. He had a slight smirk, his green eyes growing dark with lust. Then he picked me up and carried me to the bed as he kissed me deeply. I held him close, running my hands through his damp hair. I guess the shower gave us a second wind despite all the wine we had consumed. We were passionate, insatiable, as if we hadn't just had a release in the shower. It was well after 2:00 AM when we collapsed, sated and exhausted. I woke to my phone alarm, the sound of a soft harp because I hated loud alarms. Edward didn't even stir... he was breathing softly. I dressed, after texting the cab company and requesting them not to honk. I decided it would be best to just slip out. Reality would probably be awkward as Edward realized it was just regular Bella Swan he had spent the night with. This way, the memory would remain wonderful. I'd had my fun, like Alice and Rose had suggested, but I needed to concentrate on the reason I was in Napa - to compete, and hopefully win one hundred thousand dollars. Edward was like a magnet, and he would pull focus away from my goal. I couldn't imagine trying to cook with him right there watching. I left a note and shut the door quietly. EPOV I woke from the best sleep I'd had in a long time. I had been exhausted, working extra shifts to cover the weekend I would be away. But when I reached over for Bella, the sheets were cold. I sat up and looked around... the room was empty, her suitcase gone from the bathroom. Then I found a note. Dear Edward, Thank you for the most wonderful evening of my life. I will never forget it. Bella "Noooo!" I moaned, my head falling into my hands. She was gone and she hadn't mentioned what hotel she was staying at. I didn't have her cell number, or even her last name. I only knew she attended the University of Washington and was a senior English major. I sat on the bed slumped over as I shook my head slowly. Originally I hadn't wanted to give her too many specifics about myself and now it had backfired. I had considered skipping the competition, and inviting Bella to spend her free time with me. But now I had no way to contact her and wondered if I would ever see her again? Sighing, I went to get ready for the meetings and interviews planned for today. I would fulfill my obligation, like I always did, but it would be with a heavy heart.