real job?" He shrugged, his dark eyes flashing. I swear, that man lived to fight with me. "Just saying...someday you might want to do more than just pour concrete and frame houses. That's all I'm saying son." I growled deep in my chest, curling my lip up like I would in wolf form. I felt my mother tense across the table, gripping her wine glass as I turned my head up to look at him. "That's all you're saying? Cuz I don't think it is. Why don't you just spit it out old man?" He smirked in response, satisfied that he had gotten a rise out of me. "Don't read into this Brady. No one likes a drama queen. I just expect more from you as you are my only son. You can't live in that cabin all your life, partying it up and wasting everyone's time." I threw my napkin down and stood up quickly, making my chair topple over into the china cabinet behind me. A dish fell off its stand and shattered, but I paid no attention as I pushed away from the table. "Wasting time? You think that's what I do?" "I see it every day son. Now sit down and eat. You're upsetting your mother." "I bust my ass in ways you don't even know. You just...you wouldn't understand," I spat, glaring daggers at him. I met my mother's worried gaze and felt bad for scaring her, but I was too pissed off to care. My father was the only person who could really make my temper flare and make me truly angry, and he knew exactly how to push my buttons. "Just saying you're turning out to be a little bit of a slacker. Might be good to buckle down and actually...do something," he said casually, placing a piece of lasagna calmly on his tongue. He chewed and stared up at me, waiting for me to explode. "Fuck this," I muttered, turning away from the table. I was out the door and on the front lawn faster than my mother could even utter a word. I threw the truck into drive and sped away, feeling my rage pool in my spine as I headed towards my shared house. Stay in control, Brady. Stay in control. I thought as I tried to calm myself down. Thank God I was going back to an empty house. Everyone was out on patrol. I was itching to start a fight I didn't really even want in a mood like this. I tore into the empty house and growled loudly, my skin already crawling. My father was the most fucking annoying human being on the planet. So why did he have to be my father? I didn't know anyone who couldn't stand their own dad. Everything I did, everything I said, everything – was wrong in his eyes. With an angry swipe of my arm, I cleared the kitchen table and everything on it, sending several dishes to the floor with a loud clatter. "ARRRRRRGH!" I stood panting in the kitchen, my chest rising and falling with the ire and contempt that shot through my veins. Still heaving, I stumbled to the couch as I fought the urge rip out of my clothes and phase. No...I couldn't. As many times as I had tried, the wolf could not make all the demons of my life disappear. I had fought for my father's approval all of my natural life. For as long as I could remember, I had tried to do things I thought would please him. Then, when that would inevitably backfire, I would do everything in my power to piss him off. I could never win. The one person I wanted to validate me had grown to hate me so much that we could barely be in the same room with one another. The self-hatred I felt for not being good enough for him made me long to jump out of my own skin and hop into another person's. Why can't I become someone else. Anyone else. Just not me. Frustrated, I let my head sink into my hands as I sat on the edge of the couch, fisting my hair. The pain felt good and brought me somewhat back to the present. My problems were those that wouldn't go away, no matter how much distance I ran, how long I stayed phased, or how many vampires I killed. Because as many times as I had tried, I knew I couldn't run away from myself. First - Big thank you to my lovely new beta, Ninkybaby, who has graciously offered to help me out with this project. Her work on this chapter was much appreciated and fabulous! Second - So, I wasn't originally going to write Brady's story next...but, by popular demand, here it is. If you're reading 'Love This Pain' you will like this because we get to see bits and pieces of Seth & Regan that I didn't write into their story. Also, we delve deeper into the reasons we love to hate Brady. Up Next: We meet Lexi. Many of you enjoy her character in Love This Pain. Be sure to follow me on Twitter (TwilightCakes) for teasers, updates, and lots of randomness. I also answer any burning questions if you tweet me : ) Someone asked who I 'picture' as playing these characters. I think I have created a few Pretty Little Liars fans by announcing that Regan is 'played' by Lucy Hale. In my mind, Lexi is played by Kristen Bell and Brady is definitely 'played' by Michael Trevino. I was going to have Lexi played by Candace Accola, but then Michael and Candace actually started dating on the show they are on together, The Vampire Diaries. So, that idea was scrapped. But definitely Google Michael - you won't be sorry you did : ) Leave me some review love and we'll see how quickly we can get Chapter 2 up : )