scream, and soon enough she was bouncing on top of him, calling his name as she clenched around his pulsing cock. She could feel him coming inside her, and she gasped for a breath as he whispered softly to himself, "Oh Bella. My Bella." Her arms were around him in an instant, kissing every inch of his face as they stilled and caught their breath. He returned her kisses, laughing against her. "I love you much, Isabella." He murmured. "I love you too, Dr Cullen." She replied with a smile. Five years later: Bella fiddled with her house key, grumbling to herself as she tried to balance her shopping bags and open the door at the same time. Eventually, she cracked it open and she dumped her keys in the bowl by the entryway as the door closed behind her. She made her way through the house, smiling at how clean and tidy it was. And she was nearly sure she could smell brownies in the oven. She was so glad she'd taught Edward how to bake. Peaking her head into the living room, she found her husband on the sofa. His back was towards her, and he clearly hadn't heard her come home, because he was too engrossed with the little body in his arms. It was moments like this that Bella lived for. Edward lay along the couch, with his knees up and their little baby girl perched vertically along his thighs, facing her daddy as he gently flapped his index finger on her bottom lip, causing a popping noise to erupt from her. It was making Edward chuckle, and in return he was eliciting sweet little baby laughs from our little girl. She grinned up at him, a wide gummy smile as he touched his finger to her nose. Everyone has seen those cute videos of dad's and their babies, where he causes the baby to do something absolutely hilarious. Edward could be the king of those videos. Only two days ago, Bella had walked into the nursery when Edward took longer than normal to change the baby's diaper. She found the diaper changed, but also found Edward standing above the changing mat, covered head to toe in talc powder, simply to make their little girl laugh. And a few days before that she'd found him in the kitchen, holding the baby and using ketchup on her little face to give her a massive clown smile. As she watched them now, she leant her head against the door frame, love swelling in her heart as Edward bent down to kiss the baby's forehead. "I love you, little one." He whispered to her, "You're going to grow up to be just as beautiful as your mother." Bella was sure she could hear tears in his voice, "And the man that steals you from me is going to have to work for it. I intend to do full background checks on him with Grandpa Charlie." Edward was most definitely crying now, and Bella backed away from the doorway so he could have his moment with their daughter. She made her way upstairs quietly, going into their bedroom and placing her shopping bags on the floor. Edward had insisted she go and do some retail therapy and let him clean the house, cook dinner and take care of the baby for the day. He acted like he was forever in debt to her since she almost broke his hand giving birth. They'd cried as they were introduced to their baby, and it was only when Bella watched him hold their little girl for the first time that she knew what it meant to him. She'd married him. She'd given him a baby. She'd brought him a family. Finally. It was Bella that suggested they name the baby after Edward's mother. He seemed hesitant about the idea, but Bella knew that was just because didn't want her to feel like she HAD to do it. But she wanted to. And so, Esme Cullen was brought into the world. With a contented sigh, Bella made her way back downstairs. She couldn't have been gone longer than five minutes, but when she returned to the living room Edward and Esme were both fast asleep, his hand cradling her head gently as she laid on his chest. Bella knelt down beside them on the floor, and ever so gently brushed her fingers through Edward's hair. He didn't open his eyes for a second, instead he just smiled in his sleep. But then he blinked, and his eyes caught sight of hers instantly. "Hey there Mrs Cullen." He murmured gently. "Hi Dr Cullen." Bending her head, she placed a soft kiss on his lips, "How was your day?" "Perfect. Did you enjoy your shopping?" "I did," she grinned, "I missed you both though." "We missed you too." He glanced down at Esme, still sleeping softly, "The house has been cleaned. Dinner is in the oven. Brownies have been baked." His eyes gleamed mischievously, "Esme and I had fun baking those. I'll show you the photos later." Bella rolled her eyes, imagining what predicament he'd gotten their daughter into this time. "I love you." He whispered suddenly, and as always a pile of butterflies filled her stomach. "I love you, too." She answered with a smile. "Shall we go eat?" He asked. Just as he started to move, Bella shook her head, "Let's sit here for a while." Edward moved across on the sofa, making room for Bella's slight body. He wrapped one arm around her, cuddling her close to his chest while his other arm held baby Esme as she slept. Bella's eyes fluttered closed, and happiness seeped through her bones and she thought about how lucky she was. And as if on que, Edward murmured the same words he spoke to her everyday. "Thank you." "No Edward... Thank you. " I hope everyone enjoyed. Please review? It would really mean a lot to me!