so sorry for her. My heart ached as I watched Alice and Rose flutter around her like she was a new born baby. They were stressing her out, and her face looked pale and tired as they shouted out instructions to her. It wasn't fair. It was our engagement party. She shouldn't be sad. Also, it was taking place in mine and Bella's new house, so we could kick them out if we really wanted to. I left my position at the kitchen door, walking straight into the living room where the food tables and dance floor had been set up. It did look awesome, I had to give them that. I wrapped my arms around Bella from behind, feeling her relax against me automatically. "Are you okay?" I frowned, "You look sad?" She watched as Alice and Rose left the room, fusing over where we would put everyone's coats, before she turned around in my arms to face me. "I was sad." She admitted. "Why?" Panic ran through me like fire. Was she regretting buying the house? Was she regretting saying yes to my proposal? Did she not want to marry me? She noticed my fear, and reached up to place her hands on my neck, kissing me gently. "I couldn't find you." She explained gently, "And Alice and Rose wouldn't shut up about this party." I hugged her tightly for a long moment, breathing in the scent of her hair, "I was just setting up the bar with Emmett and Jasper. And I'm sorry about them, we didn't have to have the engagement party... I think it was just because I promised it to you." "I want the party." She smiled honestly, "I just want the actual party to be happening, so I can enjoy myself and show off my ring." I chuckled, pressing my lips to hers slowly, letting my tongue trail along her lip. She shivered, reaching up to run her fingers through my hair as she deepened the kiss, my hands travelling down to her ass. Someone cleared their throat from behind us, and we pulled away slowly to look at the culprit. It was Rose. She pointed down at her swollen tummy, "You only bought alcohol. No soft drinks." "Apologies." I nodded, "Get your husband to sort it." She left us alone again and Bella sighed, "I'd better go help Alice." I groaned, like a petulant schoolboy, squeezing her ass gently, "No." "Yes." She laughed, kissing my cheek before she flittered away from me, giving me a wink, "You can make it up to me later." I spent the next hour welcoming guests into our home, guiding them to the drinks and food, all the while wondering what on earth Bella had meant. Did she really mean I had to wait until tonight? The music was playing throughout the house, and we'd just finished with the speeches, along with everyone congratulating Bella and I. I stood by the bar with Mike, laughing with him and hearing his stories about his baby girl. We had actually become good friends over the last year. He was good guy. But it was there, as I stood with him, that I realised what Bella had meant. I cast my eyes around the kitchen, she wasn't in here. "Excuse me, Mike." I interrupted him politely, "I have to go find that fiancé of mine." He nodded in understanding, turning back to the bar to pour himself another drink. I walked through the living room, my heartbeat picking up as I realised she wasn't in here either. My feet carried me up the stairs two at a time, and I ran towards our bedroom before I could contemplate that my little minx of a fiancé had planned this. I pushed the door open, letting out a breath as I found her sitting on the bed patiently, her red dress hugging every perfect curve on her body. She smiled up at me as I closed and locked the door, never taking my eyes off her. "We do have a tradition to uphold." She murmured softly, and I watched as she pushed the dress up her thighs, revealing silky black suspenders. I groaned, joining her on the bed automatically, pulling her to straddle my lap as my hands skirted under the dress, feeling her lingerie. She clasped her lips onto my neck, sucking and licking as my eyes rolled back in my head and the amazing sensations ran through my body. I gripped her ass, grinding her against my jean covered cock, causing her to gasp in pleasure as she felt how hard I was. I moved one hand, pulling the zipper of her dress down, letting her whip it over her head before I took in her body. I definitely had not seen this lingerie set before, and I let my hands run from her shoulders all the way down her body, watching her brown eyes light with excitement. She unzipped my jeans, placing her hands into my boxers before she took me out of my confines, and I couldn't help but twitch in her soft little hand. "I love you." I whispered at her, watching that familiar smile play in her eyes and on her lips every time I said those words. "I love you too." She murmured, standing up quickly to pull off her panties and bra. I made quick work of my shirt, jeans and boxers, instructing her to keep the suspenders on. But she knew me well enough by now. She always kept the suspenders on. She soon straddled my waist again, and I almost groaned the house down as she sunk down onto my cock, letting me fill her completely. She kissed me hungrily, and I smirked against her as we began to move, "Tradition, huh?" "A very good tradition." She agreed. I hope everyone enjoyed? It felt slightly weird to be entering Mike as a good character! Please review! You're feedback means everything to me!