black jacket, skinny jeans, and a red sneaker on my right foot and the boot on my left. They brush my hair and straighten it, they put lip gloss,concealer, and some mascara. And Rosalie carries me down "Wow" The guys say "You look beautiful" Esme say and Carlisle says "Indeed". They hand a one messenger bag with school supplies and I put in on my good shoulder and the strap goes diagonally down across my waist and back and the bag hangs in on my hip. Me and Edward get into his Silver Volvo and the rest get into Emmett's Jeep and Edward register me in "Isabella Cullen, my parents adopted her, 17 and same grade as me" Edward says and he asks them to make sure that they all are in my classes. Me and him go to my locker and put away the stuff I don't need. EPOV "Okay you have 1. Biology with me, 2. Spanish with Jasper, 4. P.E. with Alice and Jasper, studies with Emmett,5. Health with Rose, and with me" I said "I'll come and get you when its lunch time or Alice will" I said and I put her messenger bag up, me and her walk to class. "She's new" I said and I sit down and Bella sits down next to me. We take down notes on Biology stuff and I notice Bella doodling. "Bella you need to take down notes" I whisper and she copies off my paper while I writing them down. I see her biting her bottom lip. Class is over "Bella are you alright, you seem like you didn't know what to do" I ask "Thats because she didn't, she forgot okay" Bella says "How long where you out of school?" I ask "He had her for a year, she didn't like it" She says and buries her face in my shoulder. "Don't cry" I said and I pull her back to look at her and I wipe away her tears before her mascara runs. "Is she okay?" Somebody ask and I look and its Jasper "She's fine" Bella says and Jasper takes her to her locker to get the stuff she needs and they walk to class *3 CLASSES LATER* "Bella? Where are you?" I ask wondering. "Freak, Did you escape from the circus" I hear Lauren say "Leave her alone Lauren" I said and I push her away and I help Bella up and I see she had taken off the jacket and it was wrapped around her waist, Lauren grabs her injuried shoulder and yanks on it hard and I wrap my arm around Bella's waist and I push Lauren away from her and I help Bella to the cafeteria to our table "Bella are you okay?" Jasper asks. "Lauren was picking on her and yanked her injuried shoulder." I said "I'll go get your lunch" I said. BPOV "Aren't your hungry?" I ask "Oh we already ate" Alice says "Lauren is mean to her" I said "Don't worry we got your back" Jasper says and I smile. Edward sets the tray in front of me " She says thanks" I said and I start to eat the food and I finish my food and I get up and I limp over to put the tray up and I do. And as I return, somebody trips me and I fall on the ground and I look and it was Lauren, everybody is laughing at me, I get up and I run out the cafeteria crying. EPOV I saw Lauren trip Bella and Bella ran out the cafeteria. We go up to Lauren "That wasn't very nice" I sneer "B!tch" Rose says at her and we leave to go find Bella and we find her outside by a tree crying. "Bella are you alright?" I ask and I hold her to me. "Everybody was laughing at her" She sobs "Well they're just mean" I said trying to soothe her. Rose rubs her back "It'll be okay Bella" She says and we are suprised at that and Bella is to. "Well we should get back to class shouldn't we?" Jasper asks. The concealer covers up the bruises enough for the humans not to see them. BPOV Next on my sheducle is P.E. and I automatically dread it luckly I hope I don't have to play because of my leg, and my hands, or my ribs, or my shoulder. Me, Alice, and Jasper head to class. "She's new Isabella Cullen, she can't play because of her injuries" Jasper says and gives Alice a peck on the cheek and goes into the boys locker room. "Isabella you can sit over there" The gym teacher says pointing to an area. I go and limp over to that area and sit down. And they are playing dodge ball and I hate that game so much and a ball comes flying towards me and Alice catches it. "Lauren your out for trying to hit Bella" The coach says and Lauren is mad. APOV What did Lauren think she was doing trying to hit my friend. We contuine to play for 20 more minutes befou lovore my team wins. I go over to where Bella was sitting down "We won" I said and I hug her and I go change back into my school clothes. "Thanks for catching that ball" Bella says "No problem Bella" I said. * After school* I see Bella and her mascars stains her face. "Bella are you okay?" I ask and she shakes her head no, I see her limp and she falls and I catch her "Lauren hurt her" She whimpers and I put her arm around my neck and I do the same and I help her limp over to the others "What happened" Edward demands and picks up Bella and he lays her down in the backseat. "Lauren did is what she said" I said Do u luv it? hope you guys do R&R please.