very interested in the floor carpeting. Looking to my other side, I see Jasper give me a surreptitious nod as he slowly starts to make his way toward our target. We both approach the hooded figure from behind cautiously. Even though we recognize the hoodie from the one the target was wearing the day before, to me, the figure seems different in body structure. Before I can signal Whitlock to wait though, I see him extending his gun toward the hooded figure as he yells, "FREEZE! Federal Agents!" A hand shoots out from underneath the hoodie and clocks Jasper with a right hook. The severity of the blow makes Jasper fall on his knees as the person in the hood starts running in the opposite direction. As he passes by me though, I detect a hint of long glossy blonde hair under the hood and I gasp. It ' s a woman! Golden Bee is a woman. "Cullen, get him," Tanya barks the order at me as she goes to help Jasper up from his place on the museum floor. I don't wait to be told twice. I run like I'm being chased by hell's fire as I follow the Bee out of the museum. She makes a mad dash toward a car; and just as she's getting inside, I take a look at her face. Isobel. My Isobel. She ' s Golden Bee! "Bell?" Her nickname, the name I've given her, escapes my lips as I see her close the car door. She turns around and it looks like she's mouthing something to me. She tries to lower the window to talk to me, but it's powered by the engine. So the window doesn't budge. The car needs to be started. She seems to realize it when I do. Standing at the museum entrance, I watch as she starts the car and then … BOOM! The car goes up in flames, and the only woman I've been in love with is engulfed by that fire right before my eyes. When the CSI Unit comes, they scan a strand of blonde hair found inside the car wreckage. They manage to find her in the system ... registered as Isobel Dwyer, a con artist. I don't go to see the body when the CSIs welcome the FBI to collaboratively work with them. Instead, I let the numbness take over me as I hear Jasper and Tanya talk about the body being so burnt that it was barely recognizable. I try to hate her. I really and truly try, but in the end, I end up hating myself for giving her the power to con me. Back to Present Day: Despite my struggles to not look, my eyes go back to the empty photo frame on the far side of the wall where it hangs with many other known con artists. In a way, I feel relieved that they couldn't get a photo of her in the system. I don't know how it would've felt to see the face of the woman I fell hopelessly in love with smiling down at me from the wall designated to our unit's most successful cases. The sight of her name, "Isobel Dwyer, Con Artist, Deceased", etched on a plaque under her empty photo frame still hurts like a bitch though. "Cullen!" I turn my notice away from the wall to find the Training Supervisor of the FBI Art Crime Team standing there with a broad smile on his face. "Enjoying the party?" he asks. I shrug. "It's your retirement party, sir," I say. "So you should be the one enjoying your party. After all, the décor seems to portray your most successful cases quite nicely." He laughs a slightly drunken and boisterous laugh. "Definitely, my boy!" he responds. "Anyway, as you know my retirement has made quite a few changes in ranks. Whitlock will no longer be your partner." "I had a feeling it might happen," I say. "Good for him." He nods. "Give it a few more years and you'll be a Training Supervisor by then for sure. Until then, think you need to have a partner who'll have your back?" Knowing that it was just a rhetorical question, I stay quiet for him to continue. He doesn't disappoint. Waving a hand to his side, he says, "Let me introduce your new partner, Special Agent Swan." He steps away, revealing a very pretty brunette standing behind him. I hold my hand out for her to shake. "Edward Cullen." She lets her hand touch mine as she whispers, "Isabella Swan." And then she looks up at me, giving me a peek into her bright brown eyes. I frown, and then my eyes go to her lips which are trapped between her teeth as she keeps looking at me. That's when it dawns on me and I suck in a breath like I've been sucker punched. "Bell?" Her eyes soften for a moment before she looks away from me, efficiently blocking me from looking for signs that she is my Isobel. Is this Isobel? MY Isobel, or just a crazy coincidence? I wonder, as I see her interact with all the agents in our unit. I hear her laugh at something stupid Tanya says as I watch her closely. As if she can sense my eyes on her, she looks at me from across the room. Then, for a tiniest second, her eyes go to the empty photo frame with her name on it. And that's when I know. She is my Bell. A/N: Before any of you ask me " Where ' s the angst? " , I ' d like to clarify that the contest was for ANY genre and the ultimate target was the " Maybe an HEA " part … to me, at the least. So I focused on that instead of the angst. Aside from that, share your thoughts with me and leave a review. Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann