one hand. "What can you guys do in here? You said yourself: Edward will only be up by morning. You should go home and rest, because tomorrow will be so much more eventful." They didn't say anything, but they knew I was right; there was no reason why the three of us should spend the night awake. "Are you staying the night?" Rose asked. "Of course, I'm not going anywhere. Not without him." "I didn't tough you would." Her hands covered mine and we smiled fondly at each other. "Do you want me to bring you a fresh change of clothes?" "I'll have Angela to do it. But thank you." Emmett got up, getting their coats while Rose hugged me again. "Use this time alone to think, ok?" "I will," I promised, letting her go. Emmett kissed my cheek. "Call me if anything changes. My phone will be right next me. I'll pick mom and dad at airport, than head back in the morning." "Don't worry. We'll be fine." I said, walking them to the door. "Rest. You've to deal with mother tomorrow. Sighing, Emmett closed the door behind them - Esme wasn't anyone's piece of cake. Turning around, I got closer, pulling the plastic chair from the other so I could sit by his side. His chest moved lightly and I focused on the movement letting my mind wander. My life had change irrevocably in the last few hours - and I had the feeling that this was only the beginning. Suddenly the weight of everything fell over me; work had been crazy today and my plans of a relaxing night looked like an unreal dream right now. Above that, my husband almost got himself killed, provoking consequences that I couldn't even begin to think about it. Resting my head over our joined hands the bed, I let sleep claim me. Someone opened the door, waking me up with a startle. I lifted my head in a quick movement and tried to situate myself in this strange room; the antiseptic smell hit me once again and everything that happened last night came back in a flash. I sat up straight, wide awake. My back was hurting from the position that I had spent the night – sleeping/sitting on the chair besides Edward's bed, with my head lying close to his chest on the mattress. "Good morning," Mrs. Beckett, the nurse, said softly entering the room. "I didn't mean to disturb you, but I do need to check on Mr. Cullen." We've met during the night rounds. "Of course." I got out of her away, waiting in the corner and watching intently while she checked him. "Dr. Volturi is wearing off the medication," She said, checking something over the monitors. "He should be up soon." "Ok, thank you." I rubbed my eyes, lightheaded by the lack of decent sleep. I really needed coffee. "Would you like to eat something?" She said, smiling. "We have a cafeteria on the 5th floor. He'll be ok by himself for a few minutes." "No, it's ok, I don't want to leave him alone. There's a coffee machine around?" "Down the hallway." Thanking her, I made my way out of the room, to the coffee machine. After the first sip – even this shitty coffee would have to do - I stretched, walking around for a second, watching the day through the windows. I had no idea when Emmett would be back, but I knew they would bring Esme with him - and I wasn't looking forward to that. I've always tried my best to not think about Esme as a bad person; she was an over protective mother – especially of Edward – and naturally suspicious about any girl in their lives. But once she realized that we were serious about each other, she warmed up and we lived in peace. That lasted until I left Edward. Of course she was blindsided - besides the fact that Esme was unaware of the biggest things that led our marriage to an end, she watched her son suffer. And I knew he suffered, as much as I did. My mind couldn't help but wander back to our last morning together. " Is that what you want?" Edward asked sitting on the edge of the bed. My bags were ready when he woke up; I had come for an empty house again last night, but for the last time. We hardly even talked – he was in the office as much as he could, and I in the studio. This house was no longer our home. " Is that what you want, Bella?" He insisted, getting up and closer. I wanted to shout that 'NO, THAT WAS NOT what I want!' I wanted to talk, maybe work out this thing that was slowly killing us both –that had killed our marriage. But I hadn't the strength within me anymore. I was tired of feeling like this: drowning, trying to keep my head above the water. I was tired, period. " I can't do this anymore." I whispered, avoiding looking at his eyes. " You don't have to leave" He said, after a beat. "I'll stay with Emm." My eyes filled with tears at his words – that was it: he had given up of us too. " No," I said, my throats suddenly dry. "I can't stay in this house without you. I'll go." I turned around to leave and felt his hand on my forearm. " Bella," He said low. "Don't go." I looked down at his fingers on my skin, relishing in the feeling one last time. Letting it go, I picked up my bags and whispered. " I'm sorry. I have to go." I stared at the window, still lost on the past. But my little trip down memory lane was interrupted by Nurse Beckett calling my name. "Mrs. Cullen?" I turned around to find her head peeking out of the room. "He's awake."