4 it is absoulte everything proof, it has all our numbers in it "Your welcome Bella" I said. "Bella would you like it if we homeschooled you?" I ask. "Yes" She says quickly and we head back home "Can I buy games on here?" She asks and I put my credit card on there "Now you can" I said "Let me see the clothes you got, ah what no dresses or skirts" Alice pouts and Bella giggles "Aw sweet phone, I have a Android galaxy but yours looks better" She says. Jasper stiffens a bit "We will be homeschooling Bella" I said. "Aw" Alice says sadly. Rosalie smiles and walks off, Emmett shoots me an apolgetic glance before going after her. "Bella we're going to start working on your room tomorrow" Alice says excitedly "Whats tomorrow?" Bella asks "Sunday" I said "Can I take a nap?" Bella asks swaying a little bit "Sure" I said and I pick her up, I take her up to mine and Esme's bedroom "Bella do you want me to get Esme to dress you?" I ask "No I dont want to bother anyone" She says. Her lids shut and she is passed out. I take off her flats carefully, I remove Alice's belt but I stop there and I cover her up with the blankets and before I leave I kiss her forehead. I go hunt and Jasper joins and I realize Esme already left to hunt, she took Rose with her. That left Emmett, Edward, and Alice at the house. BPOV Im back in the closet, where's Carlisle and the Cullens. He comes in, I whimper and scoot back as far as possible, he grabs me by ankles and yanks me onto my stomach and sits on my bottom and ties my wrists with his belt. He unzips his pants but doesnt take them off and pushes my panties to the side, he forces himself into my bottom and I scream out in pain "BELLA WAKE UP!" Wait is that Alice?. I fly up I see Alice, Edward, and Emmett in the bedroom with me, the men are by the door "We heard you screaming and ran up her to see what was wrong" Alice says and she feels my forehead it was cool againist my forehead which felt good since I was feeling hot. "Bella your burning up, I'll get Carlisle to check it out" She says. I nod not trusting my voice "Are you hungry?" She asks and I nod, she helps me get up and we walk downstairs with the boys at our tails. "How about a light salad like the other one earlier expect for the choking" She says and makes me it, I feel uncomfortable like somebody is watching me I turn and see Edward staring at me, Emmett nudges him in the ribs, he stops staring. When I turn back around I see a small light salad in front of me "I wasn't sure what kind of dressing you like so I didnt put any on it" She says "Its fine" I mumble and I start eating it and it is really good. "Yay I dont suck at cooking" She says and claps her hand "You suck" I hear someone cough "Shut up Edward, Bella do I suck?" She says and I shake my head no "See Bella doesn't think I suck" She says and sticks her tongue out at him and I giggle "Well thats because Bella doesn't want to lose her first and only friend" We turn and see Rosalie, Esme, Jasper, and Carlisle. "Knock it off Rose, cant you let her once be in a good mood" He says and they all look shock, they werent going to punish him right? "Jazz is right, leave her alone Rose" Edward says. I would have got yelled at or beaten if I mouth off or said something rude like that because he didn't like girls with a potty mouth or mean girls. I cussed once and that enough for him to hit me "Bella thinks we are a freakshow" Rose says and my jaw drops "Rosalie Lillian Hale Cullen, just go to your room" Carlisle says kindly and gentle. I walk into the backyard and they dont even notice me, I sigh and walk into the woods. I get exhausted after a few minutes and fall on my bottom, sitting againist a tree and my eyes shut involunterly "What are you doing out here Bella" I hear somebody say before I fall into a deep sleep. EPOV They were too busy fighting to notice Bella walked out of the house, it took me about 10 minutes before I realize she was gone. I see her pass out from exhaustion "What are you doing out here Bella" I said and I pick her up and run vampire speed back to the house. "I thought she stepped for a breath for fresh air" Carlisle says and takes her from me "Esme could help me get her into her new pjs" He says and they both go upstairs. I hear Esme singing 'You are my Sunshine'. Carlisle come back down "She doesn't have the energy so I put a feeding IV in her arm, Esme wants to stay with her incase she wakes back up" He explains. "Its looks like she hasn't ate in months 3 to be exact" He says and we hear screaming, we run upstairs "She wont wake up, I think she's having a nightmare" Esme says frantically "Bella wake up, it cant hurt you, Bella its Carlisle wake up" He says and her eyes fly open and she clings to Carlisle. "He..He" She says choking on her words "I know" Carlisle says and rubs her back and Bella ends up falling asleep. "Whats was that all about?" I ask "it was none of your business" Carlisle says and they leave. Will Edward ever find out what happened to Bella? Hope you guys like it :)))