over to the mailboxes, opening it up with my key I check to see if we have any mail. I grab the few envelopes that are inside and make my way up the three flights of stairs to my apartment as the elevators in this building seem to be permanently broken, I don't even bother to waste my time and check anymore. What fun I had moving in here hauling all my belonging up three flights of stairs. I open the door to my apartment and switch on the lights closing the door behind me I let out the biggest sigh of relief and close my eyes and lean back against the door. After a 12 hour shift I am exhausted to say the least, I unzip my coat and walk past the kitchen and living room and head straight to my bedroom where I collapse face first in a heap on my bed. I love my job, I really do and not many people can honestly say that which is really sad considering how much of our lives are spent there. But this bed right now, boy does this bed feel so good. I roll over and stare up at the ceiling for a few minutes allowing my mind to just go completely blank. I reluctantly sit up and switch on my bedside lamp the room is instantly lit up with the warm glow from the bulb. I take off my jumper and boots and have a look through the mail that has been dislodged on my bed. I sift through the bills and junk mail and recognize the handwriting on the envelope and quickly open the letter: Dear Bella, I hope you are doing well, I told you that I would be writing to you, as you know me and these emailing businesses don't agree. Congratulations again on the new job darling I know you'll do great, we are all so proud of you. Nana sends her love, poor thing is back in hospital again with that dodgy hip of hers, apparently she's causing quite a stir telling all the doctors there that her granddaughter is a big heart surgeon in America you know how she is. Josh is still trying to get a loan off the bank to get that garage shop running not with much luck though, but your brother is a stubborn bugger so I have faith he'll make it. I've been looking at some flights to Chicago recently to come out and see you but with the Christmas holidays fast approaching there is no reasonable prices, but hopefully in the New Year the costs should come down and I'll be able to come visit my beautiful heart surgeon daughter. Lots and lots of love Mum xxxxxx I wipe away the little tear that has escaped, I really should ring her more often but with everything that has been going on I've just had no time. I glance at my clock on my bedside table 8:27pm it would be 2.27am in the UK now that's far too late to call her. I make a mental note to give her a ring in the morning, fold up the letter and put it away in the drawer of my bedside table. I make my way out to the room and in to the kitchen where I find a note from Alice. Hey Bella there's some leftover pasta bake in the fridge if you want it, it'll only go bad by the time I get back so help yourself, see you on Sunday xx As if on cue my stomach starts to grumble. I grab a plate from the cupboard and fork from the drawer and put some of the pasta bake on my plate then turn around and stick it in the microwave for a few minutes. As my food begins to spin I head over into the living room and switch on the TV I grab the remote and flick through the channels mindlessly and stop at a documentary on about whales. I swear if I wasn't a doctor I reckon I would've have been a marine biologist or something like that. I love the ocean and all things sea related. I remember when I was little girl my dad would take me on his fishing trips he would've taken my brother but he always moaned that it was too boring I, on the other hand loved it. It was so peaceful and tranquil out on his little boat I would bring a few books with me and just read and relax. That was definitely one of the things I treasured the most when he was still here. The microwave dinged and I walk over to get my piping hot meal and fork and head back to the sofa just in time for another episode of the documentary to start. Glancing over at the clock on the wall I almost jumped at the time, it had just gone 10:00 o'clock, where did all that time go? I decided to skip having a bath and have a quick shower instead. I needed to get to sleep if I stood any chance of getting up early tomorrow to sort out the million and one tasks that I have to do. I switched off the TV and took my plate and fork over to the sink in the kitchen and quickly wash them and put them away. I grab a clean towel from the laundry basket on the floor and head into the bathroom for a shower. 20 minutes later I'm showered and in bed with my P.J's on ready to get some well-deserved sleep. I switch off the lamp and close my eyes, only to suddenly awake a few hours later. Right in the middle of my REM cycle I bolt up out of bed eyes wide and quickly race to my bedroom door "that bloody cat" I shriek. Oh no she forgot Barney... Please leave a review...