walked out the classroom. "Oh my god Bella!" Jessica squealed. "Do you realise how many times I caught him staring at you in science!?" "Who Edward?" "Yes!" She shouted. "How did you do it? Keep your eyes off him? I think that's what made him stare at you a lot. You weren't giving him the attention that loads of people have been giving him today!" I started laughing. "Oh Jessica. Sure I find him insanely attractive, but you know me, more focused on work," I admitted. We began walking out of science and I noticed that many girls in our science class were just shooting me death glares. "You know everyone saw him staring at you by the way," "Great. So now I become the most hated girl in school because everyone wants him." "They are just jealous. Ignore them." She whispered. It's deranged what jealousy can do to people. I am friends with these girls and now all they want to do is murder me just because one guy was looking at me. I have done nothing wrong, yet I am getting the blame. "I think Tanya is going to up her game when she hears about him staring at you," Jessica concluded. "I wouldn't be surprised," I said. "Personally, I think you and Edward make a better couple," "Dude, it's his first day here and he's already linked with people!" I laughed. My final lesson was IT and the word about me and Edward seemed to have quickly spread because people were asking me questions about me and him. I couldn't wait for it to be the end of the day. It was finally form time. Most people were there and sitting in their places and I could see Tanya continuously staring at me. Even when I looked back her, she would still keep her gaze which was a bit intimidating. Edward finally walked in and that's when Tanya's attention got diverted from me to him. A massive smile plastered on her face. I couldn't help but to roll my eyes. Edward asked Mrs Bradley where he would sit and guess what. Because I sit next to no one and I am all by myself at the back, she decided to place me and Edward together. Of course Tanya got pissed and of course Alice turned around and winked at me and of course everyone looked at me. I started playing with my fingers and looked down. This situation was very apprehensive for me. He slowly made his way to me and I heard him put his bag on the table and sit down next to me. Not once did I look at him. "Can everyone please face the front!" Mrs Bradley barked. Moments like these, I'm glad we have bickering teachers. "Hello Bella," He greeted. "Hi... Edward," I replied sheepishly, still not making eye contact. I could feel his stare on me and my face was getting hotter. There was a moment of awkward silence but he decided to break that. "Do you still think that I hate you?" He raised his eyebrow. That made me look at him. His big green eyes pierced into mine and his face looked hard. "Well I don't." He finished. "I never said that I think you hate me," I said. His face softened a bit. "I just... got that impression. Sorry." "Don't be. It was my fault for saying what I said before. I'm sorry." I replied. "Okay, you need to stop beating yourself up for that," He laughed. "Yes sir," I gave him a salute. His laugh was intoxicating. I would just love to listen to him laugh all day. "Thank you," He said. I furrowed my eyebrows "Er... for what?" I asked. "For being the first girl to be normal around me today," He gave me a crooked smile that made me lose focus for a while. "No problem," I replied softly All a sudden he squinted his eyes shut for a moment and put his hand to his stomach. He looked like he was in pain. "Hey are you okay?" I asked in concern. A few seconds past and he let out a huge sigh as he readjusted himself in the chair. "Yeah I'm fine," He replied. "It didn't look like it," "Don't worry," He said. I decided not to push him further even though I knew that there was something wrong with him. "Okay," I muttered. We stopped talking and after a while he looked like he was in a deep thought. "It's time to go home. I will see you all tomorrow!" Mrs Bradley announced. With that said everyone got up and began leaving the room. Me and Edward didn't say a word to each other. "Spill," Alice ordered. "Nothing happened," I retorted. "Oh please, come on tell me!" She tested. "For real, nothing happened." I repeated. She raised her eyebrow at me. "Seriously!? Why don't you believe me?!" "Okay, okay," She threw her hands in the air. "I believe you," "Thank you," "I'll see you tomorrow," She hugged me goodbye. "See you." I said. "So how was school?" My mum, Renee, asked. "Meh, the norm," I replied. Me, Renee and my dad Charlie were sitting around the table having dinner. "Do you have any homework?" Charlie asked. "Yep," I said popping the 'p' I finished dinner and helped mum with the cleaning and washing up. As soon as I done that I raced upstairs and hit the books, completely disregarding my homework. Before I knew it, it was night. I hit the lights and brushed my teeth and went to bed. I couldn't help but to dream about Edward. His face, his hair, his body, his eyes, his beautiful smile... just him. But there was something dark in my dream. A darkness creeping up behind him. It couldn't reach him, it was too far away, but I couldn't help the feeling of knowing that there's something wrong, that something bad is going to happen.