his parents. Bella was nervous when introduced to the gathering of vampires that all lived in a house like mortals. How strange , she thought at first, but it quickly became clear to her that these vampires loved like mortals; they loved and acquainted themselves as mortals and that was as new to her as it was amazing. They welcomed her with opened arms and an open house, hugging her even when she seemed too shy. They liked her against all odds. They liked her even though they fed from animals, and she fed from humans. Edward's hand never once moved from Bella's grasp as he watched her become engulfed by his oversensitive, over-loving family. He worried that she wouldn't like so much attention – she was shy, even after the scene at the hot springs – but she blossomed with the love and acceptance as much as he did. Would you like to explain why the air is stagnant with sex, Edward? Irina thought to her dear friend, but he only grinned shyly at her, and then averted his gaze as though embarrassed, but ecstatic. He loved this little vampire, Bella. It was a fast love, an intense love, but wasn't it always that way between vampires? Even Tanya had to admit as Edward shot one of his award winning crooked smiles at the newcomer, and she watched the girl tremble at the sight, that Bella deserved Edward. She could be good for him; she could make him happy. Tanya loved Edward, but not as much as his Bella could. Edward saved one of his smiles for Tanya, thanking her with his eyes. She couldn't help but to giggle back. A Siren in her own right, Tanya knew when to give up the game. Edward had Bella now; she would not disrespect that any more than she would disrespect Carlisle and Esme's connection. Edward was happy with the overwhelming welcome party, but he wanted to be alone with his little vampire. He wanted to cherish her on his own. He wanted to hide her away so that only he and he alone could make contact with her. Of course, he would never do such a thing, but as he listened to the tempting sound of Bella's laughter ring through from something Esme had said to her, he couldn't help but to be jealous that he hadn't first made her laugh. Bella took Edward's hand in hers again, loving the easy joviality of his family, but also wanting to be alone with her bronze-haired vampire. It would be a long night of talking and touching and caressing, and she was eager to begin as soon as possible. She wanted to know every detail about Edward and he her. "Will we be leaving Alaska?" Bella asked of her Edward later in the night as she lay across his bare chest. His fingers drew up her spine, sending tingles through her body. They had had each other so many times in one night, and yet she always wanted more. Edward smiled to himself at her questioning. It didn't matter to him where they lived, as long as they were together. "Carlisle and Esme will be heading to Albany, New York, but if you'd like to stay in Alaska, then we will." "You'd like to go with them?" Bella asked, nuzzling her face against Edward's chest. It seemed their bodies were meant to fit together in every possible way. "I'd like to be wherever you are," Edward responded, uncertain of his answer. Yes, he'd like to stay with his mentor and father, as well as his loving mother, but that was not of consequence. He would only like to stay with them if Bella was there as well. Bella knew why he answered as he did. He wanted to go with his parents, but not if it was not where she wanted to go. Luckily for him, she would follow anywhere he wanted, anywhere he asked. She smiled against his marble skin, her fingers moving to brush against the prominent arousal that pressed against her belly as she gave him everything he could ever want, "Then Albany it is." The years only increased Bella and Edward's love for one another; only solidified their devotion. Edward was fiercely protective; Bella was unwaveringly loyal. They banded together with Carlisle and Esme, forming a small coven out of love and loyalty that grew with the addition of four new siblings. Bella loved each and every member as though they were her own kin, and in a way, they were. The eight of them knew no boundaries, knew nothing other than requited love and friendship as they journeyed through eternity together. Bella and Edward visited the springs as often as they could, confessing their love for one another countless times each hour they were there. Now, golden eyes staring at golden eyes, Bella couldn't help but to splash Edward with an alluring giggle. Edward meant to reciprocate, but instead pulled Bella to him, a dazzling grin to his face the entire time. But Bella had a plan to hurtle them back through time; to take them back to the fateful day half a century ago. She snaked her arms around his neck, her fingers finding refuge in his silky bronze locks. "Edward?" "Yes, love," Edward replied, holding onto his Bella tightly. He wouldn't let her remove herself an inch if he could help it. Bella grinned, and then leaned closer to Edward, sending a tremor down his spine as she whispered against the shell of his ear, "I want you to kiss me." He smiled, recalling the first request she had ever made of him and gave in wholeheartedly, spelling his love and devotion through his mouth to hers. Thanks for reading! I don't normally write in third person, but I kind of wanted to give it a try and thought it would be a good option for a one-shot. Hopefully I did not fuck it up!