glasses! Julie has tears streaming down her face and Beau wraps her up in his arms and drops a kiss on the crown of her head, hiding his own wet eyes. He was going to kill his dad for this. "Promise me you won't ever die," Julie says wetly, "At least not before me," "I promise," Beau says, secretly hoping he doesn't outlive Julie. He's not sure he would be able to handle living in a world without her. …. "Sam's been looking at me funny lately," Julie says, and Beau looks confused. "Funny, how?" Beau questions, and Julie shrugs. "I feel his eyes on me all the time and it just makes me uncomfortable," Julie buries her face in his chest and Beau's eyes narrow. He breaks his hand punching Sam in the face. Julie kisses his hand afterwards. "Throwing punches is my thing, not yours," Julie says, and Beau huffs, "But thank you," "No, problem, "Beau grins, even though his hand feels like it hit a boulder. "My hero," Julie coos and kisses him. Beau thinks he should punch Sam more often. …. "Would you rather live one life that last 1,000 years or live 10 lives that last 100 years each?" Julie asks, over her shoulder while she works on the Rabbit. "One life for 1,000 years. Then I would be able to read every book in the world," Beau said and Julie laughed. "Nerd," Julie said, and Beau threw a chip at her back. "Would you rather have hair nowhere on your body or be very hairy all over but not be able to shave?" Beau asks. "Hair all over," Julie says, "I couldn't pull off being bald and, if I was hairy, I could tell everyone I'm a werewolf," "Like anyone would believe that," Beau said, and Julie giggled. "It could happen," she stated, "Would you rather have super strength or be able to teleport?" "Teleport, then I wouldn't have to drive anymore," Beau says, and Julie turned around to hit him with her oil rag. "Cars are awesome," she says gesturing to the Rabbit, "Exhibit A," "Fine, would you rather wear a snow suit in the dessert or be naked in Antarctica?" Beau asks and Julie rolls her eyes "Naked," Julie says, "I don't get cold," "Okay, nudist," Beau said, and Julie shrugged. "Would you rather have a head the size of a tennis ball or the size of watermelon?" Julie asked. "Watermelon," Beau said, "My head might as well be the size of my favorite fruit," "Mmm," Julie said, "You know, I'm wearing watermelon lip-gloss," Beau's eyes widened, and he wet his lips, suddenly thirsty. He grabbed his warm soda from the bench and took a long gulp. "Would you rather experience a sharp pain in your side each time someone says your name or have a bell sound every time you got aroused?" Julie asks, lips spread into an evil smirk. "Pass," Beau said, lifting his can in her direction. "You can't pass!" Julie said. "It wasn't even your turn!" "Well you didn't ask anything," "Fine, sharp pain," Beau said, dropping his can, crossing his arms and glaring. "Why? Afraid the bell will ring at a bad time?" Julie asks, licking her lips. "Would you rather kiss me or kiss Chris Pine?" Beau asks, and Julie slides over to him. "You. I'd choose you over Chris Pine any day," "I'm honored." "What about you? Make out with me or with Juliet from the book?" Julie asks. "You. I'd choose you." Beau said, glancing down at her lips. "I'm flattered. I'm 99.99% sure that my kiss wouldn't contain poison." Julie grinned. "Would you rather…kiss me or kiss Logan?" Beau asked, and Julie smiled. "You, every time," she said, and leaned up, until she was inches away from his face. "Would you rather freeze to death or burn to death?" Julie asks against his lips. "Burn," Beau mumbled, closing the distance, "I hate being cold," Ding! Playing games with Julie somehow always ended like this. Truth or dare, would you rather, Candy land…somehow it always ended with him and Julie making out. But that was okay. It was just a Julie thing. ….. "You're an idiot," Leah says, and Beau looks up from Sue's amazing meatball sub to Leah's bored face. "What? Why?" Beau asks, confused. "You and Julie are dating." Leah says, and Beau raises an eyebrow. "No were not," Beau says. "Yes, you are," Leah states and Beau rolls his eyes. "You're crazy," he scoffs, just as Julie comes and throws herself in his lap. "Did you save me a sub?" she asks and Beau nods. "Sure did, Jules," Beau says, gesturing to the sub on his plate. "You're the best," Julie says, and plants a kiss on his cheek. Beau smiles and Leah shakes her head. "It's a Julie thing," Beau explains, and Leah rolls her eyes. "You're both idiots," she says and Julie looks confused. "Why are you calling us idiots?" she asks, and Leah smirks. "Ask your boyfriend," Leah says, and Julie looks at Beau. "Why is she calling us idiots?" Julie asks, and Beau's eyes widen. "Wait, is she right?" Beau asks, looking down at his arms, that are wrapped around Julie's waist. "Are we…?" "Are we what?" Julie asks, and Beau shakes his head. "Julie, are we…dating?" Beau asks, and Julie giggles. "Of course we are," Julie said, "Why?" "Being an idiot," Leah says in a deep voice, "It's a Beau thing," "You really didn't know?" Julie asks, and Beau shrugs. "You never said anything. You didn't even ask me to be your boyfriend," Beau says and Julie rolls her eyes. "Will you continue to be my boyfriend?" Julie asks, and Beau nods. "Sure, Jules," he says and with a wide smile, Julie turns towards Beau and presses a kiss to his lips. "I love you," she says, and Beau nods. "Love you too," Beau says. Secretly dating a person without telling them. It's a Julie thing.