hurt me. Would it be ok for him to just watch for a while? You know until I got used to another male in the room with us?" I asked him while looking up at him through my lashes. "Whatever you want beautiful this is for you and your birthday! Now you wake Jasper up and I will go get Em and tell him to sit off to the side." Edward said and the gave me a kiss before going. I scooted down the bed until I came in contact with a very sexy and naked Jasper. He wasn't hard yet but that was ok because I wanted to play with a soft cock so that I could make it hard and thick and wanting. I picked it up and was very impressed that when soft Jasper was as big as Mike was when the cockroach was hard. I knew that Edward was also bigger than the stupid roach. I took Jasper into my mouth and sucked just on the head of his cock until he started to get hard. I started licking him up and down and around the top just like I would a popsicle I'm so busy focusing on Jasper that I don't even notice when it Em and Edward come into the room. But I do feel the bed give as Edward climbs onto the bed and sit against the headboard I pull the covers off from over us and look up at him only to see Jasper looking back at me with those ice blue eyes he moans out, "Jesus Christ Bella you could suck chrome off of a tailpipe but fuck it is so good" Jasper called out. Once Jasper was nice and hard, I moved on to Edward whose cock was not hard but you couldn't call it soft either so I gave it the same treatment as I gave Jasper's. Once I got Edward hard and ready for my tight little pussy "Edward" I asked coyly "Yes, Bella, what can I do for you gorgeous girl?" Edward questioned. "Would you be willing to fuck me up the ass this time while Jasper has his way with my tight little cunt," I Whisper into Edward's ear. All of a sudden I found myself on my back with Edward's head between my thighs licking up my slit he nibbled on my clit. He even started licking my ass nice and hard. My moaning alerted Jasper to what Edward was up to so Jasper placed a knee on each side of my shoulders, placing his now semi-hard cock into my mouth so that I could suck him until he got harder. "Jasper, Bella has asked for me to fuck her up the ass, and for you to have your way with her tiny little pussy," Edward informed Jasper. "Oh, really now? Is that what you want, darlin'? You want me to fuck that sweet pussy of yours while Edward gets to know just how tight your little ass is? Well come on then lets get started," Jasper said moving to lie on his back on the bed. I crawled up Jasper's body and gave him some deep kisses. Edward must have giving him a condom at some point because I felt Jasper place a condom on himself and then slowly insert himself into my tight little cunt. I moaned at the feel of him moving inside of me. After a few strokes in to me he stilled to let Edward get into position, I felt Edward place himself at my back door and slowly push in little by little. "God Edward! Yes, yes please! Don't make me beg for your big fucking cock," I whined. He just chuckled at the sound of my needy voice. "Ok, baby girl, I am going to fuck your tiny, tight ass so hard. Now you hold on to Jasper because its about to get rough," Edward told me, slowly pushing himself into my ass while biting down on my shoulder." Fuck it feels so good." I moan out feeling the need to already starting to build. I saw something out the corner of my eye and turned my head slightly to see the new guy sitting in a chair stroking his cock, watching us. That was all it took to make me cum. " Fuck Edward, Jasper so good ahhh!" After Edward and Jasper had made me cum twice, I felt the bed dip. I looked up to see Emmett place himself to the side of Jasper's head. Emmett cupped my face, "You are a very stunning women Bella and I want to thank you for letting join in on the fun you are having here tonight," Emmett said. I just smiled at him then opened my mouth to let him know that I wanted, and accepted his thick cock in my mouth. I twirled my tongue around his hard cock before sucking it down my throat. As I came up, I grazed my teeth on the underside of his cock, making him hiss out in pure pleasure. "Bella I'm about to cum so fucking hard in your tight little wet dripping pussy," Jasper said grunting through his orgasm. "Fuck fuck stay still, Jasper, I'm so close," Edward said, but it wasn't him who started to groan in my ear that he was cumming, it was Emmett. He threw his head back and shot his cum down my throat making me moan even more. Once I licked Emmett clean, he sat back on his heels and watched as Edward pumped into me a few more times while Jasper reached between our bodies and started rubbing my clit and then grunted out loud and shot his cum deep into my tiny little ass. It set me off one more time. After that we all just laid on the bed in a big ass pile of arms and legs trying to get our breathing under control for a few more minutes.