face in his hands and asked, "Isabella Swan, I love you. You make me feel like a fucking king with the way those beautiful chocolate eyes of yours sparkle when they see me. I want to be able to love you always and forever, will you do me the extraordinary honor to do so and marry me?" I felt the back of my eyes sting at his beautiful words and all I could manage to do was to nod. And then, I tightened my arms around him and brought his face down to mine in a kiss. I sucked his lip into my mouth and finally replied, "Yes, Edward Cullen, my Forest, I will love nothing more than to be your wife." He raised his head from the crook of my neck and gave me a brilliant smile. "Just a minute, baby," he said, before getting up from the bed and walking to his side of the closet. I sat up and was about to start to protest when he returned, with a navy blue velvet box in his hand. The treacherous tears started to roll down my cheeks as I saw my love get down on one knee and pop the lid of the box, showing me the beautiful diamond ring nestled within. Without words, I held out my hand and he put the ring on me before kissing my knuckles softly. "When did you get it?" I asked, wiping the tears from my eyes. He got up from the ground and sat down on the bed beside me, taking me in his arms. Then he smiled my favorite smile at me and said, "I have been carrying it around for two months now. I wanted to give you the perfect proposal, but…" I quickly kissed him, stopping him from guilt tripping himself. I smiled against his lips and whispered, "I don't need a perfect proposal, baby. I have the most perfect man who loves me and that makes life pretty perfect for me." He grinned at me and replied, "That he does, Chocolate," before falling backwards on the bed with me still in his arms, ready to show me how much he loved me. ~*~*~*Blessed By An Angel*~*~*~ Twenty-two days and sixteen hours later… "You make a beautiful bride, baby sis," my big brother whispered to me as he hugged me. I felt a blush heating up my cheeks and smiled at him. "Thank you, Em." He let me go, giving the rest of our friends the opportunity to congratulate me. I was about to hug Rosalie when a sudden movement some distance away caught my eyes. I could have sworn I saw someone, whose features seemed familiar, move next to the faraway tree at the end of the churchyard, where not even an hour ago Edward and I had exchanged our vows. I allowed everyone to hug me and thanked them for the well-wishes, but my mind kept going back to what I thought I had seen. When the wedding guests started heading for the restaurant where our parents had arranged for our wedding reception as well as a late celebration of our graduation, I moved closer to my husband. A bright smile threatened to split his face in two as he hugged me. "Happy, Mrs. Cullen?" he asked. I couldn't help the smile that came over my face as I kissed his cheek and replied, "Extremely, Mr. Cullen." He placed a kiss on my forehead and started to lead me toward the car that was going to take us to the reception venue. As we passed the tree where I thought I had seen the figure, I gripped his hand and pulled him to the tree, wanting to investigate what I had seen. When we reached the spot I found it empty and Edward asked me, "Bella? Baby, what's wrong?" "I thought I just saw..." my words got stuck in my throat when my eyes landed on the beautiful bouquet of white flowers lying on the ground, beneath the tree. Keeping my hold on Edward's hand, I moved forward to pick up the bouquet. As I brought the flowers up to my nose, I noticed a piece of paper peeking from the side of it. I removed it from there and handed it to Edward. He unfolded the paper and read it aloud for me. " Edward and Bella, Congratulations on your big day. We are very happy for you. A love like yours deserves to get a happy ending. We are moving away to New York. But just know that we will always keep an eye out for you. If you ever need us, don't hesitate to call on your friends. We wish you happiness in every step of your lives. Love, Ben and Angela. P.S. You do not need to worry about Jessica. She has been banished from the human world for the next fifty years by the Fairy Council for threatening the exposure of our world. Live in peace, my friends. ~ Ang." I felt tears welling up in my eyes and Edward leaned down to kiss the teardrops away. He hugged me to his chest and whispered, "Don't cry, baby. Our marriage has been blessed…" "By an Angel," I finished his words before resting my head on his chest. Angela Webber maybe a fairy for the rest of the world, but for me, she was my friend and an Angel. ~*~*~*The End*~*~*~ A/N: So … thoughts? Good? Bad? Spooky? Hit me with them and leave a review, please? On a happy note, the nominations for the TwiFic Fandom Awards have been announced and can you believe it? Yours truly got nominated for 15 awards. It's so crazy! Thank you whoever nominated me and my crazy stories for this honor. I'm truly humbled to even be nominated. You can find the list of nominations here: twificfandomawards . blogspot p / nominations-by-category . html (Please remove the spaces) Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann