"Maybe if it goes all to plan" I said. BPOV I wake up to Aro kicking me in the ribs "Get up lazy b!tch" Aro says and gets me drunk again and dresses me in a dress with nothing else on and I stumble around and fall back down "Haha cant even stand yourself up stupid drunk He laughs. "Hello Mr. Aro, Im filling in for Maria she called me cause she was sick, my name is Rosa" This Blonde says and he eyes her like a piece of candy "Can you clean up my friend, she is drunk as hell" He says and leaves. "Bella my name is Rosalie but you can call me Rose, Edward sent me to check up on you, you dont look so good" Rose whispers "He is getting me drunk enough that I cant stand, at this rate I wont last long" I whisper and she picks me up and takes me to the bathroom and strips me and starts me a bath. She bathes and carefully washes my back "He tried to rid my mind of Edward" I mumble. She puts back in my dress once she dries me off. She combs my hair and braids it in the back. Aro comes in "How does she look sir" Rose asks "Very nice Rosa thanks you can leave for the day now" He says and once she leaves, he makes me drink more acohol and I throw up and he throws me back into my bed. EPOV Rose comes back "Edward I saw Bella she not doing so good, he making her drunk so much that she cant stand and probably is throwing up, her eyes were bloodshot, her back has dozen of whip marks, and her bottom is black and blue. She said he tried to rid her mind of you, she is going to die of acohol poison probably" Rose tells me "I told him my name is Rosa" She says. Angela calls him to meet her since she is a lawyer and we're rescue Bella tomorrow I cant wait so I go to bed real early. I wake up and get dressed in casual clothes, taking a hoodie with me. We see Aro and 2 of his at Angela''s building Aro goes in, his men outside. Jasper and Emmett take out his men and Aro comes out about to get on the phone and walks into the road getting hit by a car. I laugh and Rose drives me to their place after calling 911. Emmett and Jasper take down his men inside the house, Rose leads me to Aro's bedroom where we see Alec forcing acohol down her throat, she doesn't struggle. Rose puts him in a choke lock and bashs his head into the wall and he's out "Edward" Bella slurrs "You accctuallly cccame" She stuttering and slurring, shivering from all the acohol in her bloodstream. I realize she naked and I wrap her in my hoodie, she lay her head againist my chest and snuggles closer. Emmett and Jasper come and see her bloodshot eyes "I told you I dont drink, I'll tell you the reason later" She slurrs her words even worse and I also unbutton my shirt and wrap it around her as best I can with it still on me, I hold her to my warm chest, she snuggles closer "YYour ssoo wwarm" She stutters. "We need to get her home and quick" Jasper says and we drive home as fast as we can. I run her a warm bath and I strip and get in there with her, I lay her againist my chest. "I missed you Edward" Bella whispers "Now I know what you meant when you say this only a one night stand" I said. "I feel warm now, I think I just need to sleep it off" She says, I get out and dry her off, I put my shirt and boxers on her and I just wrap a towel around my waist, I go to my bedroom and I lay her down under my cover and I cover her up and I kiss her forehead "Goodnight Love" I said and I put boxers and pajama pants on. "Are you staying with me?" She asks and I didnt want to deny her simple request so I got under the covers with her and she buries her face in my chest and falls asleep and so do I and I wake up to screaming and its Bella "Bella wake up, your safe, its me Edward" I said and she wakes and tackles me, she is trembling. She is hiding her face in my chest "Bella whats wrong" I ask and I try to pull her back but she is stubborn and clings to me. I stand up and she dangles from me. I walk to the kitchen "What the hell" Jasper says "She refuses to talk" I explain. "I bet somebody hungry though" I said and Bella stomach rumbles and Bella hits the floor. "Shit" I said and I pick her up, I finally look at her and her eyes have bags and are still bloodshot. I stand her up "I cant stand" She mumbles and clutches her head. "Son she is experincing withdrawal from alcohol and a hangover" My father Carlisle says. "I haven't drunk in 2 years" Bella mumbles and leans against me. "I was too drunk or tired to struggle anymore" Bella says and closes her eyes and falls asleep againist me. I pick her up and take her back to my bedroom, I lay her down and cover her up and I go back out "When we went into the room that guy 'Alec' was forcing more alcohol down her throat" I said. "Edward I dont like to be alone" I see Bella leaning againist the door frame. "I be back later guys" I said to them and I pick Bella up and we lay in bed together.