for me" I reached down and rubbed her clit hard. The next moment I felt her squeezing my cock tightly, pushing me off the cliff right behind her. "Edwarddddddd….Oh fuck!" "Mmm Bellllllaaaa…..damn.…fuck." We were both breathless as we found our release. After several moments of catching our breaths I rolled off Bella and pulled her to me, wrapping her in my arms where no other words were spoken as we fell into a deep, sated sleep. Bella and I had been together a little over three months. Each day I fell more in love with her. We admitted our feelings almost immediately and the first time she told me she loved me I cried like a baby. Tonight was a special night in a couple of ways. First, we were going to attend a hospital fundraiser benefiting Cullen House. The hospital was so pleased at the work my parents as well as the staff there had been doing, they offered to help with the funding of daily operations. Tonight was also the night I planned to ask Bella to marry me. We arrived at the Fairmont Olympic, where the fundraiser was being held in the Spanish Ballroom. Bella looked amazing in her silver evening dress. The slit that ran up her leg had my cock hard from the moment I saw her. I knew what was under that slit and I ached for it. After a few dances, Bella excused herself to the bathroom while I got us some water. I needed to get to Bella. I was craving her badly. Looking around carefully I slipped out to the hallway where the bathrooms were located. Just as I was about to walk right into the women's room, Bella came out adjusting her dress. "Oh my Gosh, Edward. You scared me." "Is there anyone else in there, baby?" "No, it was just me. Why? Edward, what are you up to?" I didn't give her an answer as I gently pushed her back inside, locking the door behind me. She was leaning up against the vanity as I stalked toward her. "Isabella Swan, you look so fucking edible in that dress. I need you baby. Just a little taste." I moved to her and lifted her up onto the sink while I opened her legs and stepped between them. "Edward, mmm that feels good baby." She tilted her head to allow me better access to her delicious neck. I began to place wet, open mouthed kisses there as I leaned further into her, my hands inching her dress up higher and higher on her thighs. I felt her trying to undo my belt buckle and slip her hands into my pants. Slowly, she pulled my cock out as I moved my hand under her skirt to finger her soaked pussy. We worked each other into a frenzy and Bella came hard around my fingers. She quickly grabbed some paper towels as she continued to pump my cock. After a couple more strokes, I came into the napkins with a lustful groan. "Thank you, baby. I love you." "No, thank you Dr. Cullen. I didn't realize how much I needed that." I smirked at her as I helped her adjust her dress and hop down. She slipped out first to make sure no one was coming and motioned for me to step out. When we arrived back at our table it was time for my speech. This was when I was going to propose to Bella. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am very proud to present my son, Dr. Edward Cullen." My father announced lovingly. I stood from the table and pulled Bella to stand with me. The look on her face was utter confusion but I assured her I wanted her to accompany me to the stage. Reluctantly, she followed. When we reached the stage, I didn't let go of Bella's hand. "Good evening, and welcome to the Fairmont Olympic Spanish Ballroom. Before we commence with the rest of the festivities of this evening, I'd like to introduce you to Isabella Swan. She is the director of Cullen House." I paused for applause as Bella blushed a beautiful shade of red. "Bella is also my girlfriend. Tonight, I'd like to ask her a question." A collective inhale from everyone rang out in the ballroom. Bella looked at me with wide eyes. "When I met Bella, I thought she was beautiful. When I got to know her better, I knew that beauty was more than skin deep. The way her eyes sparkled when she talked about the families Cullen House helped. The way that, even when the situation seemed hopeless, Bella remained strong and steadfast even though she wanted to cry. Sure, she's beautiful in every sense of the word, but what you don't know is that that beauty goes clear down to her soul. I know this because she is my soul mate." I dropped down to one knee as I removed the ring from my pocket. "Isabella Marie Swan, I know I'm not perfect. I have flaws like any man. But Sweetheart, you make me feel perfect. You love me for me and you love me with your whole heart. You are the missing half of my soul. You make me whole. Will you please marry me?" "Yes, Edward Anthony Cullen. Yes!" I slipped the ring on her finger as the crowd roared to life. When I stood up I grabbed my fiancée and twirled her around. "Bella, baby, you've made me the happiest man alive. I love you so much." "I love you too, Edward. I'll love you until my last breath." My life, my love, my heart was finally complete. I knew in that moment, there wasn't another man on this beautiful earth that was happier than me. I planned to make Bella happy for a long time to come. Thank you for reading! Please leave the author some love and remember to come back to vote after May 24th!