mouthed kisses along my collarbones, "I love you, Bella Swan." With boldness I had no idea I possessed, I pull back and look straight into his eyes before saying, "Show me." He looks startled at my challenge and looks intently at me, as if searching my face for something. He must find what he searches for because I feel his hands slip lower to grip my ass and hoist me up, allowing me to wrap my legs around his waist. In a hoarse voice, he asks me, "Baby, are you sure?" All I can manage to do is nod and say while trying to keep my lips firmly attached to his, "Mmmm… love me, Edward." Apparently that is the answer he was looking for. Because I feel him hold me tighter against his body, letting me feel all of him for the first time, and start making our way toward what I can only assume is the bedroom. The moment he passes the open doorway of the room, he lets me slide down his body, allowing both of us a taste of the friction our bodies created. When I am standing before him with my feet on the floor, he takes the lapels of my jacket in his hands and pushes it off of my shoulders. Then he tugs my shirt and bra over my head and drops them to the ground. Looking at me with something close to reverence, he whispers, "Fuck! You are perfect." I blush and look down. I feel his fingers curls around my wrist as he brings my hand to his lips, presses a kiss there and then allows it to lay at the hem of his shirt. Taking the hint, I quickly unbutton it and see his perfectly sculpted chest. I want to run my hands along the plane of his chest and so, I do exactly that. I feel a slight shudder run through his body as I lean down and place a kiss on his nipple. He opens his tightly closed eyes and look at me and asks once more, "Are you sure you want this, Bella? I haven't even taken you out on a date yet." I roll my eyes and reach for his jeans. "There's plenty of time for dating later. Right now, I need you, Edward." The smile that comes to his face is so fucking bright that for a moment, I find myself mesmerized at the sight. Then as if coming out of a trance, we finish getting our clothes off and Edward scoops me up into his arms and carries me to his bed. For the next few hours, all I can see, hear, feel and taste is Edward and when he enters me for the very first time with a moan of "I love you, baby," I feel it in my heart that falling for him is going to be effortless. ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ I feel the hand slowly rubbing on my back and stretch, feeling like a cat about to purr. Then I look up to see his face—smiling like a little boy on Christmas morning. "Don't you look happy?" I say, poking his sides playfully. He smirks at me and replies, "Not happy, love. I am fucking ecstatic." I allow an uncharacteristic giggle pass through my lips and rise, straddling him in the process. "It's getting dark outside," I say, glancing out of his bedroom window. He tightens his arms around me and says in with an adorable frown, "Are you telling me that you need to leave?" I nod and lean down to kiss his beautiful, pink and slightly swollen lips. As our bare chests brush against each other, he almost growls. I grin as I place my arms on either sides of his pillow and say softly, "I need to go home and get dressed, but you can pick me up for work." His lips turn upwards in a sexy smile as he asks, "Yeah? You want to let people know that Swan and Cullen is a couple now?" I look at him from beneath my eyelashes and nod, suddenly feeling shy. Then mustering my courage, I say, "And maybe I would like Cullen to know that he can take me out on a date this weekend?" His smile broadens as he winks at me. "Cullen would like that very much, Swan." ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ One month later I sigh as I think back to the last one month of my life and I cannot, for the life of me, stop the broad grin taking over my face. If anyone told me a month ago that I would be dating Edward Cullen and that he would turn out to be the most amazing boyfriend ever, I would have punched them in the face and then get them institutionalized. But that would have been wrong. Because, all those things were true. Edward was the most sexy, thoughtful, crazy, and amazing man in my life. My human pillow probably senses that I am awake and I feel the rumble in his chest as he speaks. "Happy one month anniversary, love. I love you, Bella." I smile softly at the words he has spoken to me every single day of the past month, even though I failed to return them. But this time, I raise my head from his chest and say right back, "I love you, too, Edward." His answering smile is so bright that it's blindingly beautiful. He crushes me to his chest and then proceeds to show me how much he loves me, not that I mind in the slightest. Yeah, it was official. I, Bella Swan, have fallen in love with the man I used to hate with a passion, Edward Cullen—all in the span of one month. And you know what? I could not be happier that I did. ~*~*~*The End*~*~*~ A/N: So… thoughts? Let me know what you think and leave a review. :) Take care. Ann