to speak, he seems too quiet, no cries of pain or cursing. I fear he may go into shock. "Hey Thrombo." I wait until he looks at me. "Look at you. Getting yourself shot just to have a holiday. I know your game, you've had enough of seeing my ugly mug all day, haven't you? Eh?" Sniper seems to be panicking, "I'm sorry Ian, I didn't see him until it was too late." "It weren't your fault Seth." I look at Thrombo. "So your name's Ian? I like it. Much better than Thrombo." "Yeah." His voice is low, but I'm relieved he responded to me. I grab Seth's hands and push them over the wound on Ian's leg, "Apply pressure, I need to radio for help." Grabbing my radio I contact the ANA that we're stationed nearby. "This is medic-" Before I could say anymore a loud explosion sounded and I felt myself being thrown up into the air and landing with a thud. Everything went quiet, my whole body hurt and my ears were ringing, my head was throbbing and I felt like someone was sitting on my chest. It was hard to breath and I didn't know if it was because I had injured myself severely or because of the smoke that surrounded me. Captain Masen came into my field of vision, his pretty face twisted in horror. I could see his lips moving, but I couldn't make out the words. "St-... me." I coughed, "What?" My voice was barely a whisper, but he seemed to know what I was saying. Leaning forward, he spoke directly into my ear, "I said stay with me. Do you hear me?" He leans back and looks into my eyes before leaning back down. I feel him press a kiss to my ear. "I need you to stay with me. You are not getting out of our talk, Beauty. Me and you have got a lot to discuss." "Yeah." I croak, the words burning my throat. "Yeah, a whole lot of talking. We need to figure out our future." His words become clearer now as the ringing dulls. "Captain." My head swims as black spots appear in my vision. "Shhh… Save your strength. I'm not going anywhere." He kisses my forehead, making my heart skip a beat. I need to say this, maybe it's the hit to the head, but I can't let the darkness take over until he knows. "I love you." He seems to choke on a sob, or maybe I was seeing things, but before he could respond by telling me I was crazy everything turns black. CAMP BASTION MEDICAL CENTRE DAY 29 11:09 Beep. Beep. Beep. God, I feel like I have been hit by a truck and that damn beeping noise was doing my head in. I try to open my eyes, but am blinded by the light. "Bella." Shh Captain. My head feels like I went round for round with Madhead in a Vodka drinking contest. I hear laughter. What the hell was so funny? "Sorry baby." Quiet words are whispered into my ear. "Open your eyes Beauty." I try again and notice the lights are dimmed. Opening my eyes, I am met by bright green eyes and a wide smile. So beautiful. "Not as beautiful as you." Huh… He's a mind reader now. More laughter comes out of that beautiful mouth and I can't help but smile. "I'm so happy to see those gorgeous brown eyes." I want to ask him what happened but I feel so tired. Was Sniper and Thrombo okay, did we win? What the hell happened and why did everything hurt? "Shh… Everyone is okay, a little bruised but okay. Yes, we won, but that isn't important right now." His hand strokes down my cheek. "What's important is that you get better, you rest and I will be here when you wake." Flashes come back to me and I close my eyes with a groan. Oh god. I told him I loved him. I don't even know his first name and I told him I loved him. I mean it's true but could I sound any more like an idiot? What kind of future could we have? "The best kind." My eyes open, meeting his stare once again. "We can have the best kind of future, Beauty. Don't worry bout a thing." He leans forward and kisses me on my lips. "I hate to let you go back to sleep because you have been sleeping for far too long as it is, but you need it." His warm breath washes over my face as he speaks. "And my name is Edward. Edward Masen." How did he know what I was thinking? More laughter reaches my ears, "You are speaking out loud baby. Now go back to sleep. I will be here." I feel my eyes get heavier, sleep soon overtakes my senses. "Oh, and Bella." I force my eyes open, looking into his serious green eyes. "I love you, too." What? "Sleep now, sweet dreams." His voice ordered me and I start to lose the fight against sleep. "I love you and our future is going to be great. Don't you worry. I will sort everything. Just rest." Sweet kisses are placed on my forehead, cheeks and finally my lips before sleep overtook me. And just as ordered, sweet dreams of my green-eyed Captains danced around in my sleep. Thank you for reading! Please leave this author some love in the form of a review. Please remember that this contest is anonymous. We would appreciate it if you'd pimp out the contest as a whole and not single out certain entries. If you know who wrote an entry, please don't give any indication which would lead to disqualification. This includes hinting or even guessing in reviews. We don't want to have to disqualify anyone. We also ask that you refrain from adding any entries to communities until the winners are announced.