there, trembling, unsure what to do with himself. "Hey, Jacob," Leah says coming into his apartment. "You'll never guess who I ran into on the-" she cuts herself off when she sees him. "What's wrong?" she asks. "Bella," he says and without another word Leah holds her arms out to him in a caring gesture. Jacob goes to her at once, his black head lowering to her soft shoulder as he weeps. ….. " How can you just take him back? After everything he put you through?" Jacob asked, angrily. "Are you really that spineless-" " I'm sorry, Jacob but I love him," she interrupted. " Bullshit!" he snapped. "That's no excuse to let someone walk over you and treat you like dirt!" Bella looked at the ground, and didn't say anything else. " What about me?" he finally asked. "Did you ever love me?" Bella flinched and raised her head to look him in the eye. " I care about you so much," she said and Jacob chuckled bitterly. " But not as much as him, right?" he questioned and then he left before she could say anything else. … He and Leah ride together to the rehearsal dinner. She'd tried to talk him out of going but he refused to let his own personal feeling get in the way. The dining room was loud and the menu was in French; he pointed at something at random and barely touched his food when the waiter brought it, letting conversations of The Cullens snobbish friends and family wash over him. "Oh no, I could never live here, I hope my nephew moves as far away from this small, insignificant town the second the weddings-" "—To much wine on this dish. I said I wanted it bathed, not drowned —" "—Excited to see her in the dress. They make such a fetching—" "—The bride seems really anxious but it's probably just pre-wedding jitters—" "I told him to make sure she signs a Prenuptial Agreement—" "—I don't care if she's allergic. I think strawberries would be the perfect topping on the cake—" A high chime of someone tapping their fork against their glass cuts through the voices as Charlie stood up to make his toast. Charlie opens his mouth, and Leah reaches over to hold Jacob's hand. ….. " Why haven't you called me back?" she growled and Jacob flinched. He hadn't expected her to show up at his dad's house like this. " I had nothing to say," he said, trying to keep his voice level. Why did she care? She had Cullen now. Why couldn't she just leave him alone. " Well, I have tons!" she said, then glanced behind him, where his friends and his dad were sitting at the table pretending not to listen. " Look, can I talk to you?" she asked. " Sure," he mumbled and waited for her to say what she had to say. " Alone," she said, through gritted teeth. Jacob sighed and closed the door behind him as he followed her to his garage. " Wha-?" he started but she was in his arms before he could finish. " I missed you," she said, burying her face in his chest. He couldn't help but hug her back. " I missed you too," " Can we please be friends again, Jacob?" she begged. Jacob hesitated. " I don't think that's a good idea," he murmured. " Why not? Jacob, you're my best friend. I need you," Jacob could feel his resolve breaking. " How can we be friends, when I love you the way I do?" " Because you promised me," she said and Jacob flinched "You promised me that you would always be my friend." " I know," he replied, "But that was before-" " No matter what happened." She cut in. Jacob nodded. " I know," … . Unable to take anymore, Jacob pulls his hand away from Leah and walk out of the room. He feels two sets of eyes watching him as he leaves though no one follows. Jacob knows there is no way he could fit himself into the new life that Bella is making for herself. He could move far away from Forks, Washington to some other small town or a big city. He could just pack his things and go before the wedding. He could leave a note and be gone before dinner is over. Instead, he walks home and planned to bury himself under his covers until morning. When he got home that night, he found everything exactly how he'd left it. He must have left the TV on, because a rerun of One Tree Hill flashed light into the living room, though the sound was muted. Heaving a sigh, Jacob threw his suit jacket, keys and phone onto the floor and went to grab a beer from his fridge, then thought better of it and went back to the living room. For a moment, he wished more separated him from his neighbors than just a wall, so he could scream and rage in his grief. He collapsed on his couch, in his white dress-shirt and his black dress pants, and watched turned the volume up on his TV. "Yeah, losing your heart's desire is tragic. But gaining your heart's desire… It's all you can hope for. This year, I wished for love. To immerse myself in someone else and to wake a heart long afraid to feel. My wish was granted. And if having that is tragic… then give me tragedy. Because, I wouldn't give it back for the world." Before long Jacob was asleep, the TV on but muted, so he didn't have to hear any more inspirational bullshit. Author's note: I think I watch the Twilight Saga too much. Let Me Know What You think. Please Review or I'm going to think you don't like it. And if you don't like it then please Tell me why in a review. Thank you