her mother's voice. "Come, child. Let's go home." In a zombie-like state, Bella let her mother guide her to the car. They drove home in complete silence. She couldn't – or didn't want to – hear her parents' words of consolation. Besides, they couldn't fully understand. They didn't know what she and Edward had shared. Her parents didn't know they were in love. She spent the rest of the day and night in her room, curled in her bed hearing the words "all lives lost" over and over in her mind. Edward's crooked smile as he exited her car after they made love was still etched in her memory and would be forever, as would the feel of his skin and the smell of him. The worst part was the thought of never being able to say goodbye. Right then, she made a promise to visit Edward's sisters and mother to tell them how much he meant to her. His kindness, his gentleness, his honesty. And to tell them he was brave. The next morning, Bella awoke to the sound of her stomach grumbling. She hadn't eaten since she heard the news. However, the thought of food only made her feel sick – sicker . "Bella?" her mother knocked and then opened the door. "Bella, honey, someone is here to see you." She pulled the covers over her head. "Mother, there is no one I want to see. And no one should see me like this." Her mother assertively pulled the covers back. "You need to come downstairs. Clean yourself a bit." The sternness of her mother's voice left no room for discussion. "Yes, Mother." Bella couldn't imagine who could be downstairs. The family doctor? Rose? Probably the Senior Hostess. She didn't bother to change her clothes, choosing instead to splash cold water on her splotchy, red face and pull a brush through her tangled hair. In no hurry, Bella descended the stairs to foyer. As the foyer came into view, Bella could make out a pair of long legs – one in a cast – and two crutches. Her heart jumped into her throat. Afraid to hope, but unable to stop her feet from carrying her faster than her body could manage, Bella found – Edward! Wearing his crooked smile, he stood waiting at the bottom of the stairs! She half-flew and half-tripped right into him, sending his crutches falling to the floor and the two of them crashing into the wall. "Careful, Bella," he father reprimanded her inappropriate behavior with a slight laugh in his voice. "It's you? It's really you! Alive!" Bella's tears ran down her cheeks again, but this time, they were of incredible joy instead of loss. She looked at Edward with wide eyes. Still stunned, she needed reinforcement that he was not just a bitter dream, but really, truly here. However, her joy was not reflected in his face. "They're all dead, Bella. All of them." Edward began to shake and slowly slide down the wall. Bella could hear the sound of her mother's sniffling behind her. "God bless their souls," she cried. Her father quietly escorted her mother out of the room. Alone with Edward, Bella joined him on the floor as he cradled his head in his hands and cried for his fellow soldiers who were shot out of the sky before they could even fight. "What happened? To you, Edward, what happened?" Bella sought to refocus him. "In the chaos of shipping out, I was hit by a Jeep. Broken leg. While my unit shipped out, I was in the hospital." His top lip curled into a sneer. "I should have been with them." "Thank God you weren't, Edward. I need you." He looked up and Bella wiped the wet trails of tears from his cheeks. "I couldn't even breathe when I thought I'd lost you. War takes some much, but today, fate gave you back to me. It's okay to be grateful." "I wasn't sure how you'd feel about me surviving. Sitting safe and comfortable in a bed when they… I wasn't sure if I should come to you. But I do love you, Bella. Getting to you was all I could think about. I want to be with you forever." "Forever. I've learned forever is unknown. Let's take it one day at a time." Edward nodded, pulling her into his arms. Sitting on the floor in an embrace, they rocked gently back and forth. "One precious day at a time," he agreed. A/N: Thank you to RowanMoon and Wolf Lover42 for your fine story polishing skills. Thank you, Rebadams7 for your inspiring prompts. Honestly, I hadn't intended to write something that would end up being something truly from my heart. Let me explain - My grandfather was a soldier in WW2. He was in the second wave at Normandy and found himself fighting in the trenches near St. Lo, France. He was shot. He survived and was eventually awarded a Purple Heart. But he wasn't the same. My grandmother told stories of his troubled sleep and fears. Of course, back then, they called it 'shell shock' which we have now come to understand as Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. But writing this not only put me emotionally into the fears of young men preparing to be soldiers, but also allowed me, for the first time, to understand what it must have been like for my grandmother, home with a small child, who could only wait for news on her husband's survival or death in a war that took between 50-85 million lives around the world. I wish I had asked my grandparents about their reunion – it must have been beautiful. I hope I translated some of that in this story, a story of love found, thought lost, then reunited. At this special time of year for many religions around the world, and as always, let's pray for peace. And my greatest wishes for peace and joy for you, Rebaadams7.