her pay for running away again. Later that night at the rehearsal dinner, when Edward caught sight of Bella, he yanked her into the dark hallway near the emergency exit. He had no words for her at first, he was so filled with anger. But then she speaks, and it reminds him of why he had to try harder to make her see that he loved her and not Kate. "Your fiance is going to be looking for you. You should be by her side." She made a move to walk away, but he grabbed her arm shoving her into the opposite wall. "Is that all you have to say to me?" He asked through gritting teeth. "After all we shared... you still left." "What was I supposed to do?" "Stay. Talk things over with me. I don't know what you're thinking, Isabella. I'm not a goddamn mind reader." His voice raised as his anger threatened to take control. "You don't have to be. I'll make this easy for you. You are going to go in there and sit next to my sister, grab her hand and hold on tight because that is the woman you are marrying tomorrow." "We're not getting married. I came here to call it off," He said simply, having thought of how he would do it the entire ride to the dining hall. Bella placed a hand to her forehead and released a heavy sigh. "Oh boy," She whispered. "Listen to me." He grabbed her hands in his. "It's you. It's always been you. Making you second guess your place in my life when we were younger was a foolish thing to do. But Bella, you were thirteen when we met-" "And you and my sister were eighteen." "Exactly. I only saw you as my girlfriend's step sister. Until we came home from college for Christmas break, and you had just turned fourteen and didn't look like the same little girl I remembered. As time went on, I grew to love you." This shocked Bella, but she masked her surprise well. "You love my sister more. You've been with her forever." "You're right. I love Kate. I do love her." He began. "But I am not, nor have I ever been, in love with her. You, Bella, you own me. I have been madly in love with you from the age of eighteen. But you were too young. Then the second you turned eighteen, you vanished." "Kate told me she was pregnant. That's why I left." Bella blurted out, a lone tear made it's way down her face. "Then, two months later, she told me she lost the baby." "That's when I proposed to her. That was six years ago. If I were so in love with your sister do you think I would wait six years to make her my wife? Ten if you count how long we have been dating." "But you're marrying her now." Bella pointed out. "Out of guilt," he spits. "She began planning things and before I could blink this was all set up. I knew I would see you again, and I just needed to prepare myself. I never planned on having sex with you. I planned on getting to that church and walking out a married man. But I realized when I saw you, felt you, that I was only doing it out of spite. I was only marrying Kate because I knew you would be there, and I wanted to hurt you the way you hurt me: By turning my back on you. By pretending four years of our time together didn't matter." "It did matter to me. It does..." She began to cry. "It does matter." "Then leave with me right now. I'll explain everything to Kate, I'll-" "You don't have to." They hear a voice and both turn to see Kate standing there with tears in her eyes. "Edward, you have never looked at me like that before. You have never touched me like that, never been so gentle...caring. Now I see why. My baby sister was getting all the love, while I was putting up with your hardened heart." She steps toward Edward. "Would you have ever loved me the way you love her?" Kate asked. She knew the answer, but still she had to see if there was hope for them. "No." Edward answered simply. "And I am not sorry for that." Kate nodded her head twice and glanced down at her ring. She pulled it off and handed it to Bella. "This should be yours. I never felt it belonged to me anyway." Kate said, before walking away to rejoin the party as if nothing happened. "I should go talk to her," Bella said, staring off in the direction Kate went. "She has to be hurting." She felt Edward's arms wrap around her and instantly she sank into his embrace feeling comforted. "She's just going to get drunk and go home with my best man." Edward shrugged, but Bella turned in confusion. "They've been sleeping together for a few weeks." "And you were okay with that?" Bella asked incredulously. "I thought of it as payback for the four years I cheated on her. Plus, I'm too busy to care who she's having sex with. I run a multimillion dollar company. I work 120 hours a week." "That's insane." "I needed a distraction in my life." He squeezed her close, resting his chin atop her head. "Distraction from what?" "From the one woman I could never let go of." Bella smiled, remembering something she read days ago when she needed the motivation to let Edward go completely. "You know...I read an interesting fact the other day about trees-" He questioned her subject in a mocking tone as they began to walk towards the exit, letting go of their past, stepping forward into their future. Thank you all so much for reading my little story. I will post my other entry tomorrow. Thanks again!