had been a vampire for ten years. She didn't want to hunt humans, but she knew no other way. She didn't want to isolate herself from them either. So she went to school. But, she had to move eventually, of course. I told her that I was going to tell my family about her, and hopefully she could come over and meet them, and we could show them our lifestyle. She said that she would love that. "Can you eat human food?" She asked, and I nodded. "I prefer it over blood now, but I'm almost as indestructible as a vampire, I have the heightened senses of a vampire but a little weaker. I sleep though, I have a functioning circulatory system, I have brown eyes, and I grow and heal at an accelerated rate." I said, and she gazed at me in amazement, like I was the most interesting thing on the earth. "You are truly an amazing creature, Renesmee." She said, and looked over my right shoulder. "Why is that girl staring at me?" She asked. looked back to see what she meant, and Jodie was staring at me, almost crying. I turned back around to face Katherine. "That's my best friend Jodie. I'll be right back." I said, and walked over to her. She wouldn't look at me. She looked down at the table and no where else. "Jodie... Please look at me.. It's not what it looks like" I said. "Oh, it's not? Because it looks to me like you have a new best friend. I should've known by the way you were looking at her." She said, turning and glaring at me. I was a little hurt that she would accuse me of getting a new best friend; a person that I hadn't even really known for more than twenty minutes. "Jodie, she's new. Someone has to try and be her friend... Besides, you know that you're my best friend in this whole school." I said. I would just say best friend, but Jacob had stolen that spot a while ago, and Jodie knew that. I looked over my shoulder, and Katherine was smiling at me, as a boy walked over to her. I knew what was going to happen next; he was going to ask her out. "I know, Ness. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have overreacted." She said, and I gave her a hug, while listening to the quarterback of the football team ask Katherine out. Gabe had already asked me out, and been rejected. "Hi." He said, sitting down beside her. "Hello." She said back, being kind, but reserved. "I'm Gabe. But, I just wanted to say, I think you're the most beautiful girl in the whole school. Would you be interested in going on a date with me this Friday night?" He was saying, as I silently appeared behind them. "Sorry Gabe, she's taken." I said harshly, and he looked up at me angrily. "You don't speak for her, you don't even know her." He yelled back at me, and I twisted his arm until I heard a tiny crack. "You don't know anything." I snarled, and let go. He got up with so much fear in his eyes and he looked like he was on the verge of crying. He went into the bathroom before anyone could see him cry. I didn't know what came over me. I was never that mean to anyone... "Wow," Katherine said, "You sure know how to get your point across." I laughed lightly, and the bell rang. Two more classes to go. I had Chorus, and then physical science with Jodie and Levi. We talked and laughed a lot in that class, and the teacher was awesome. When the bell rang for the end of the day, I walked toward the front of the school with Jodie on one side, and Katherine on the other. I didn't know who would be there to pick me up from school, and if it was Jacob, he wouldn't hesitate to kill Katherine, and he wouldn't let me explain. So I decided to say goodbye to her here. "One of my family members is outside. They can't know about you yet, so I'm gonna go out, but you have to stay here until I leave. Jodie doesn't know anything about me. I'll see you tomorrow." I whispered, so low, and so fast that Jodie didn't even notice. "Okay, Renesmee. It was a pleasure meeting you. Until tomorrow. Do you think you could meet me before school starts and we can talk some more?" She whispered back. I nodded hesitantly. I didn't know how, but I would find a way. I said goodbye to Jodie, and walked outside to whichever one of my family members was picking me up today. When I walked out, I was surprised to find aunt Rosalie and uncle Emmett leaning against aunt Rose's red BMW. I ran to them and jumped into uncle Emmett's arms. "AUNT ROSE! UNCLE EM! I MISSED YOU!" I squealed, so happy, but also confused. They were supposed to be gone for another two weeks... "Hey, kid!" Uncle Emmett said, and spun me around, and aunt Rose gave me a kiss on the cheek. When he put me down, I got in the car just as they did. "What are you doing back so early?" I asked, and they exchanged a glance, but did not answer. I sighed. "Renesmee... What is that smell?" aunt Rose asked. CRAP. I forgot all about that! I should've remembered that they would've been able to smell Katherine! I reached up and touched both of their arms. I'll explain later. But not until someone tells me whats going on. I showed them, and sat back with my arms folded over my chest. Two can play at this game. A/N: What did you think? I know it was probably boring, but it gets a lot better I promise! New chapter coming soon! Reviews are always welcome! ~Breanna