they simply move to her neck. He stops at her collarbone and touches the laces that hold her slip of a nightgown together. Softly, he asks her, "Can I take this off, love? Can I make love to you? Mark you as my bride?" Bella lets out a moan as his words make her body react in a way she has never experienced before. "Yes, mark me, Edward. Love me," she replies to him, clutching him to her with all her might. When Edward finally tugs on the laces hard enough to expose her to his eyes, she looks at him from beneath her eyelashes, knowing in the heart of her heart he is the only man she has always meant to give this to. When he touches her in the places where no other has ever touched her, she arches her back, seeking any way to get even closer to him. When he is about to join her in the most intimate way, he stops, making her whimper in anticipation. "Tell me," he says in a voice that tells her how strained he feels to not simply join her at the moment. "What?" He allows his hand to skim her breast as he brings it up to her lips and runs his fingertips along her kiss-swollen lips. "You did not get to say 'I do,' and I really want to hear you say those words." His request makes her smile because no matter how tall and muscular he has grown up to be, he still is the sweet boy she knew at heart. "I do," she says with a smile. "I take you as my husband, Edward Cullen, not because you are the most handsome man I have ever seen, or because you are the Laird in this clan, but because I love you." Her words seem to still him as he looks into her eyes and asks hoarsely, "You love me?" Bella shakes her head at his silliness. "Of course, Edward. I have always loved you. I think I fell in love with you the first day I met you." Edward smiles shyly back at her and kisses the valley of her breasts. "It has been the same for me too, love," he says against her skin. "And I promise I will keep making you fall in love with me every day we have as man and wife." "So … forever, then?" Bella asks hopefully. "Forever," Edward replies with conviction before pushing his way inside her. Once the initial pain recedes, all Bella can feel is utmost bliss. The way Edward loves her with his body makes her fall even more in love with him. As he slowly and steadily builds up the rhythm, she pushes against him, wishing they could always be like this so that no one could separate them. They both find their ecstasy together, holding on to one another like they need each other to just breathe. Right before slipping into the most peaceful slumber she can ever remember having, Bella hears Edward whisper to her ear, "I love you, Bella Cullen." And she falls asleep with a smile playing on her lips. ~*~*~*A Love Like Magic*~*~*~ The next morning, Edward formally introduces his bride to his family, and Bella manages to coax her sister and best friend to come out of hiding and meet her new family. It does not escape her notice that both of Edward's brothers, Jasper and Emmett, seem to be quite taken with Alice and Rosalie. In her heart, Bella realizes that this trip has been the best adventure of their lives. About a week after their wedding, Bella finds herself being pulled into her husband's lap. He playfully nips at her neck before asking her, "Tell me, love, what do you want for Christmas?" She melts into his embrace and snuggles more into him, kissing his jaw. "I have already had the best present my heart could desire. I have the man I have always loved as my husband. What more can I want?" He smiles at her and pinches her sides. "In that case, I will just have to figure out something else for you, my love." "Surprise me," she says with a wink. What she does not expect is to see horses ready for them the following day. When asked, Edward tells her that he needs to do this in the right way. Although Bella does not realize his meaning, she mounts the horse, content to simply be in his arms. However, when Edward, along with Emmett and Jasper, stop their mounts in front of their father's house, Bella and Rosalie share a fearful glance. Among the group, only Alice remains silent about their destination. "Edward?" Bella says questioningly. Her husband tightens his arms around her and shrugs. "I believe I need to give my beautiful bride the wedding she deserves—with flowers and in her father's presence." She gasps. "What if he hates you?" He simply smirks at her and winks. "I am hoping for a Christmas miracle." ~*~*~*A Love Like Magic*~*~*~ In the end, when Charlie Swan realizes that his daughters are going to go with the Scottish men, whether he likes it or not, he decides to let them do that properly—by giving away their hands in marriage to the men they seem to have lost their hearts to. At the altar, he hears his son-in-law say to his daughter, "See, love? I told you there is going to be a Christmas miracle." To which, his daughter smiles at her husband. "It is not a miracle. It is magic. Our love is like a magic that managed to banish all the hatred from our families' minds." ~*~*~*The End*~*~*~ A/N: So ... thoughts? Hit me with them and leave a review! Wish you a very Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and so on ... and if you don't celebrate any of the holidays, well, wish you a happy weekend. :* Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann