at him, realizing he is going commando. "What?" He smirks. I climb on top of him, kissing him as I run my hand down to the object of my desire. I nip on his collarbone, taking his hard, leaking cock into my hand and rubbing the pre-cum all over it. I grip the base firmly before rubbing my hand up and down from tip to base and back again. I pump his cock hard, creating a delicious friction as he arches off the bed, his head thrown back and his eyes closed in ecstasy. I suck on his exposed collarbone, pumping my hand faster up and down his cock. His eyes snap to mine, and he sucks one of his fingers into his mouth, slowly licking it, covering it with his saliva, then crushing his lips to mine. While our tongues tangle, I feel the same finger circling my entrance before he pushes it in, causing both of us to groan out. He begins to finger-fuck me while I stroke him. He stares at me, breathing hard, before he arches and shoots his load on my chest and his stomach, screaming out his pleasure. We kiss languidly for what seems like hours. No words are spoken while he continues to pump his finger in and out of me, adding another and scissoring them, hitting my sweet spot over and over again. I moan and plead with him, telling him I want to come, feeling his cock growing harder and harder. "Don't you dare come, Edward," he commands. If anything, my dick gets harder at his harsh tone. He looks at my nightstand and nods. "Lube?" "In the drawer," I mumble, trying desperately not to disobey his command. He reaches over, pulling out the lube and condoms and throwing them down next to me. Then he turns me on my stomach, sucking my neck as he pulls his fingers out of me. "Don't come," he repeats. He lubes his fingers and rolls on the condom just as quick, coating his now hard cock. He prepares me, kissing and whispering how he can't wait to be inside me. "Oh, Jasper, please fuck me," I beg. "Oh, baby, I have every intention of fucking you." With that, he pushes inside of me. He holds still, letting me adjust to him once he's completely inside – I have never felt so full. I groan and push my hips up to let him know I'm ready. I want this as much as he does. "Be still." His tone is demanding yet playful. I know what he's doing, but I have to have more. "Ugh! Please move, Jasper." He begins to move his hips at a slow pace. "You're a needy little bitch, aren't you?" It's just what I need. "Oooh...yes, fuck me." "I intend to, baby. I'm gonna fuck you so hard, you'll be thinking of me with every painful step you take." Just as he says that, he pulls out and thrusts hard back in me. I scream out, but I don't have time to recover before he pulls on my hips. Sitting me up on all fours, he gets behind me and pushes his cock inside of me to the hilt. I've never felt anything so deep. His thrusts are long and hard, and he keeps hitting my sweet spot on every pass. I can't think straight. I scream and grunt until my throat starts to feel sore while he fucks me thoroughly. "Oh yes, baby, you're so tight." He grips my hips, going faster. "I could fuck you all night long." "Ugh! Yes, Jasper, don't stop!" I feel the familiar tightening in my belly as his thrusts become erratic, and I pray he's close. "Jasper...Uhhh...I can't hold on any longer." He groans, obviously close himself. "Come for me, baby, please." I moan as Jasper pushes into me once more and even though he's not touching me, his hard thrusts are so powerful that I explode. I feel my orgasm spread through me like wildfire. I scream out my release, shooting my come all over my sheets and stomach. He continues to move inside me, drawing out my climax until he finally comes filling the condom, while my ass milks him of his orgasm. He collapses on my back, both of us breathing hard. Turning my head to him, our lips meet in a slow kiss while he slowly pulls out of me. I am so spent; I collapse on the bed, not caring if I'm lying in my own come. Jasper gets up and goes to clean up. I hear the water turn on and off, but I can't move. A warm cloth cleans me, wiping along my spine and backside, before it's moved away and replaced by soft kisses on my ass as he wipes the come off my stomach. I must have dozed off because the next time I open my drowsy eyes, I see Jasper fully clothed, standing over me. I want him to stay but can't find the strength to talk. He bends down, kissing my lips chastely, and then moves his mouth to my ear. "Pick me up at 8." I feel him smile against my cheek before he playfully bites my ear. The next time I open my eyes, I'm alone. I shoot up, thinking it was all a dream, but seeing the note with his cell number beside me on a pillow and the sharp sting I feel in my backside, I smile, realizing it happened. I gingerly lie back down and stare up at the ceiling. I'd finally gotten to tell Jasper the truth, and reasons behind my horrible actions. And it seems he's forgiven me. After everything that happened here between us tonight, I think we can turn over a new leaf, together. I don't know what the future holds for us, but I know I'll never let him go again. This is just the beginning. Is it just beginning? Thanks for reading…Thoughts?