She gave me a moment to set my briefcase down, and for those few seconds, I glanced around at the other associates. I could already tell there was a divide. There were, of course, the cocky fuckers who thought they knew everything about law, could get laid every night, and also believed they were millionaires in their $200 suits. And then there were the ones who were struggling to get paper work done. I could tell they were the geeks of the associates, they aimed to please and were scared shitless of messing up. So they took on extra work to make themselves look better, and instead all they did was stress themselves out even more. Like I said, the law business is a bastard of a place. I turned back around towards Bella, watching as she almost flicked her hair and led me round a corner. I wasn't sure if it was my hormones talking, or my years of training within the FBI had taught me something about human behaviour, but I got the impression her uptight and superior bravado was just for show. So, to show her some companionship, I stepped into a walk alongside her and flashed her a smile. "So I was right." She sighed, rolling her eyes. "Right about what?" I queried, confused. "You are another pompous Harvard graduate who believes his god's gift to law." I let out a laugh, but didn't get the change to answer because we were now faced with another block of cubicles. These ones were much bigger, and most of them had two computers and an iPad each on their desks. "These are the second year associates, there are 12 of them." She began walking again, and I couldn't help but sneak a peak at her ass before following her. "Just so you know, I'm not that guy." I told her honestly. She must have been able to detect the sincerity in my voice, because I noticed her step falter slightly, but still she kept up her snobby persona. We rounded another corner, and suddenly she stopped walking. There was 3 offices in front of me, each of them looking like miniature versions of Mr Cullen's and Mr Hale's offices. They were smaller, but each with a glass wall, a glass door, a large oak table in the middle with a computer and a telephone, plus bookcases lining the walls. I glanced up to see if there were any names on the doors, and my eyes widened in surprise as I saw hers. Isabella Swan Senior Associate She turned in a circle to face me, an almost smug smile on her lips. "Paralegals and Legal Secretaries are down on floor 24. If you need any help your first port of call is them. Second port of call is the second year associates, and third is us." She motioned with a hand towards the three offices, "The third year associates." I blinked, "You're a third year associate?" I knew how my voice sounded, so I was prepared for her backlash. "What, I don't look smart enough for that?" "No, not that." I shook my head, and her face flitted with surprise, "You just don't look like you're long out of law school." "I graduated law school two years early, and I've been here for three years. So yes, I may only be 26 years old but I'm smarter than half the people on this floor." "And they cut it down to only three third year associates?" "Yes." She folded her arms, and I found her little pout adorable, "So good luck getting this far." I tilted my head slightly, watching her with amusement, "And why exactly have you got an obvious problem with me, Miss Swan?" She gritted her teeth, and I waited as she calculated her answer. "Cullen Hale hires 99% of it's graduates from Harvard Law. Only 1 person has ever been hired outside of that..." She paused, "And that person is me... It doesn't matter what I tell people, or however I show my intelligence, people always look down on me because I'm not a member of the Harvard club." She took a step towards me, "You're a member of the Harvard club, and even worse you're the boy who thought he would take five years off, just to then apply for the best law firm in America and get accepted straight away. Harvard people have life handed to them on a plate, and simply because I went to Columbia, everyone just assumes I'm stupid." Smirking, she lifted a hand and pointed to her name on the door, "But there is a reason I work at Cullen Hale. There is a reason I'm the 1% who got a job here without going to Harvard. There is a reason that my name is on that door and soon enough, it'll be on a door upstairs with 'Junior Partner' written straight after it. It's because I'm smart. It's because I know the law." She whispered low suddenly, "And you want to know what else? It's because I'm the only person in this entire building, apart from Carlisle Cullen himself, who has never lost a case." She smiled, a beautiful heart stopping smile, "Carlisle and I are the only two people. First years, second years, third years, junior partners, senior partners, Emmett Cullen, even Rosalie and Jasper god damn Hale... They've all lost. Except Carlisle..." She folded her arms, "And me." I stared at her for a long moment, humbly impressed by her achievements at such a young age. But I also pitied her for her need to be successful, as she clearly had not been treated well by her peers. It was these facts that made me sure... Isabella Swan would be the first person I investigated as the embezzler at Cullen Hale. Please review! I would love to hear your thoughts on all this. I will update ASAP if I know there's support out there for this story!