grinding against her inner thigh to seek his own friction and- The ztahnite buzzes. It beeps repeatedly. Insistently. Eddy stops, pulling his mouth from her neck, head tilted in the direction of the ztahnite. His eyes widen. "What?" Bela is immediately at attention. "What? What is it saying?" Eddy shifts, helping Bela unlock her legs from around his waist, letting go once her feet hit the floor. "Bela, something is wrong." She is torn – ashamed that she let herself be distracted, but elated that she experienced something so visceral with Eddy. The timing was horrible . Bela plugs back into the security panel, ignoring the quaking of her lower half in favor for the rather urgent footage that greeted her- No. No. Nononononononono- "Radicals," Eddy grits out. "Disguised as guards ." "People need to be evacuated," Bela says, watching the suspicious bag that the guards seemed to be avoiding – the bag that was decidedly bulky and setting off heat sensors. "Eddy, get everyone off this Spacedock!" "What about you-" Bela whips her head around, eyes wide with fear. "Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. But everyone else needs to be evacuated." "Bela-" "Get them out Eddy!" He studies her face for a long moment, then nods. "I will," he says, fixing his clothes, pressing a kiss onto her temple. "I love-" "I know," she says, stealing his words, urging him away. It hurt too much to see him. It hurt because she lied to him. Bela wouldn't be fine. It was her fault that the explosive had been allowed to be engaged. She was too slow, too distracted – her mechanics weren't even compatible with the security panel and she had missed the radicals on the Spacedock . There was only one option. She had a duty – she could no longer factor her life into this equation, not when so many other lives were caught in the balance. Bela waits until Eddy has rushed from the basement before accessing her own database, connecting her own cybernetics to Jasper's, a method of communication built into all cyborgs, and sending him an urgent message. With Jasper's help, Eddy would be able to evacuate the entire Spacedock in approximately three minutes. That was enough time for Bela. She works quickly, moving fast through the emptying sectors of the Spacedock, approaching the explosive in a way that was more than poetic – wasn't this similar to how her parents had died? She's running, determined as she pulls up the correct schematics from Carlisle's tablet, the ones on general atomic explosions that he kept for educational purposes for the cyborgs. Bela had tons of information stuffed into her RAM, waiting to be used in cases of emergency. She hoped it would be enough. The radicals, cowards that they were, have gone by the time Bela reaches the sector that housed the explosive. She thinks that perhaps they should have planned better because they placed the bag far too close to a release vault – Bela doesn't slow down for a second, running to the bag, scooping it up as carefully as possible and slamming the valve perched on the wall, flying into the abyss of space as soon as the vault releases. The vacuum jostles the bag and the beeping from inside escalates. Bela, not having had the chance to take a deep breath, is breathless, moving as quickly away from the explosive as the beeping becomes one long, high-pitched note. Bela isn't very far away when the bomb explodes. The energy of the fire and shrapnel propels her backwards, away from the Spacedock, farther from oxygen and consciousness. He's safe. Yes . It was ironic. Wasn't this how her life began? Is this how it would…end? Cold. …no air… ….dark… …bright... It was so bright . Bela blinks up at the white lights hanging overhead, a familiar tiny beep loud in her ear, louder than the unfamiliar sounds of machines hooked into her body. Her sensors are so quick . Something has changed. Her body in so much pain it was unbelievable – some of the pain was uniquely familiar and- Pain meant life . How on Earth did she live through that twice in fifteen years? "You're awake." Bela looks to the side, wincing, noticing the little ztahnite settled on the edge of her pillow. Eddy was sitting beside the infirmary bed Bela was in, his expression relieved, his eyes soft. "Eddy," she whispers, mind fuzzy as she begins to come to terms with surviving that awful explosion and the fact that Carlisle had apparently seen it fit to use her recovery time to complete his promised upgrade. There is a question on the tip of her tongue, one that she had been longing to ask, one that couldn't wait a moment more. "What is a vehltling ?" Eddy, for his part, doesn't seem surprised. He knew her well. "It's a mate for Cypherians. A destined love. I've known you were mine ever since my ztahnite chose you." "Leni," Bela corrects. "Leni the Ztahnite." "Leni then," Eddy concedes. He strokes the side of her face with a gentle smile. "Don't you ever do something reckless like that again. By the time the explosion went off, the Spacedock was evacuated. You didn't have to do that. Bela, I don't know what I would have done it you-" Bela nods weakly, life pulsing in her veins. This was the easiest duty she had ever been assigned. "I promise." She wouldn't ever break that promise. She would have no reason to, she was sure. Eddy didn't even look like he wanted her out of his sight for the next rest of their lives. Eddy leans forward, kissing her softly, lingering for a moment longer than he had in the basement, as if he's not sure she's real. Bela relaxes into the infirmary bed, so exhausted as her mind circles around one inarguable link of logic. Some people died…. Bela the Cyborg didn't.