I couldn't lose my little girl too. I started crying "Where is she?" I asked. "She's in the ICU. We just finished pumping her stomach. If she makes it through the night she should be okay" she said. I ran to the ICU unit. I found her right away. My little girl, she looked so….lifeless. She just laid there with Jacob sitting at her side. I started crying again. Why? Why would she do this? I sat right by her and held her hand. "Nessie, please don't leave me" I said. I didn't know what I would do without her. She was everything to me. I looked at Jacob. "Thank you Jacob, I'm glad you found her when you did" I said. "I care about her too. She just doesn't believe it" he said. "Why? Why would she do this?" I asked. I couldn't understand why my daughter would want to kill herself. "For a long time now she's been getting bullied at school and online. They tell her nasty things and she believes them. Here are some of the comments she's been getting online" he said before giving me his phone. I couldn't believe it. She was getting tormented and I didn't even know it. I should have known. I could have stopped. I could have protected my baby girl and I didn't. This revelation was heartbreaking. "She's also depressed because you're never around anymore. She believes that you stopped loving her a long time ago" he said. "What?"I asked slowly. "She feels alone because you're never around anymore. She's depressed because she thinks that no one cares about her or loves her" he said. What was wrong with me? What kind of father am I? I avoided being home because I wanted to avoid pain. But doing this was hurting Nessie. It hurt her so much. She thinks that I stopped loving her. Nothing could be further from the truth. I stayed with her all night holding her hand and finally she began to stir. Renesmee's POV I woke up to a bright light a very bright light. Was I in heaven? Then I heard a beeping sound. No, this wasn't heaven. This was just a hospital room. As soon as I opened my eyes I was met the sight of my father's green eyes staring right into my brown ones. "Daddy" I croaked out. "Thank god Nessie, don't ever do that to me again" he said before embracing me in a hug. "I thought everyone would be better off without me" I said. "Nessie, I never want to hear you say that again. I do care about you and I love you. I can't lose you too Nessie. It would kill me" he said. "I thought you…" I started to say but he stopped me. "You were wrong Nessie. I care about you and I love you. Jacob told me everything last night. I'm sorry I did this to you. I'm sorry that you felt this way. I stayed away from home because it brought back to many memories for me. It was painful. I didn't realize how much I was hurting you though" he said. I hugged him hard really hard and he hugged me back. He did care about me and he did love me. We both sat there and cried. A few months later…. These past few months have been a bit of a roller coaster for everyone. I was going to therapy now and it really did help me. It made me feel so much better. My dad was taking a leave of absence from work right now to spend more time with me. He also decided to go to therapy to help get over mom's death. He wanted to move on for both of our sakes. We were both doing much better now. For the first time in a really long time we were both laughing and smiling again. Jacob and I recently started dating. It turns out that we both had feelings for each other and we've both been hiding it for a long time. I thank god for him every day. It wasn't for him doing CPR I would have died that day. I would have missed out on a beautiful thing called life. I've learned that I shouldn't let people like Jessica and Lauren get to me. They are not even worth it. Speaking of which, my father made sure that they got expelled. Everything definitely took a turn for the better I thought as I kissed Jacob again. A/N: I was bullied myself when I was in elementary school. It was awful. Kids used to say mean things to me and they would spread rumors about me. Even my own friends turned against me and started believing the rumors. I hated it. I told my mom everything that was happening. Then one day my mom witnessed the bullying for herself when she picked me up from school. She scared the bully so badly that they never messed with me again. The very next day that same boy was telling all of his friends not to mess with me anymore. Telling a parent really does help. I felt so much better from telling her. Bullying is awful and it needs to stop. I recently did a research paper about cyberbullying and it inspired part of the story. A few weeks ago my mom told me that she had a cousin in Mexico who committed suicide He was gay and because of this he was harassed and tormented relentlessly until one day he decided to hang himself. A few weeks ago there was a story in the news about a teen girl in Florida who was bullied online. Two other teen girls would send her hateful messages and tell her to kill herself. Then one day she jumped off a building. These suicide stories are heartbreaking for me. That's why bullying and harassment need to stop, it has detrimental consequences.