to his chest as he squeezed me close he rested his head on my back and groans. "Summer..." He says in a strained voice that clutched my heart in a vice grip. This decision is weighing heavily on us, and there are so many unspoken words hanging between us. Neither of us wants to be the one to say what needs to be said. We know exactly what we have to do, but we chose to ignore the obvious. Edward is ahead in the polls, his chances of winning are looking great, and I'm proud of him. I'd be happy with his winning even if it means my dad has to lose. I know deep down in my gut that Edward will be a great leader, and I am looking forward to helping him get there. That is why it was never in my plans for this to leak. This election is all about appearances, and we both know it. Once the world finds out that Edward is a cheater...well, let's just say, his chances of being President would dwindle to nothing. "James says-" He continues, only to be abruptly cut off by me. "James doesn't matter, Edward." I snap. "Rosalie's father hired him to help you, but baby understand me when I say this..." I turn a bit in his arms to face him, his arm tightly around my back still gripping onto me for dear life. I grip his chin in my hand, forcing him to look into my eyes. "he does not have your best interest at heart. He doesn't care if he hurts you, me, or Rosalie. He has a job to do, and I admire his tenacity. He has helped you to get to this point, and I understand why you would go along with anything he says. But Edward if the chance ever were to present itself, he would throw you under the bus. Therefore it is time that you and I put our heads together and come up with a plan that works for us. One that you and I are both comfortable with." Edward's head drops at my words. "I don't want to hurt you." "You won't. I'm a strong woman, Edward." At my words his head snaps up and he nods fervently, belief etched in his thick, deeply set eyebrows. He's frustrated, and it shows. "I know you are. That's one thing that I love about you." He squeezes me close, and nuzzles his nose in my neck. "You are so strong baby. And I don't want to be the thing that breaks you. I will not be able to live with myself if I-" His voice cracks, and he attempts to hide it but it's futile. Tears prick my eyes again, but this time one tear falls, because I know...I just know that I won't come out of this unscathed. One or both of us will be hurt by whichever decision we make today. Flashback After dinner everyone retired to the sitting room for tea, and usually that is my time to leave my parents to their smooching but with Edward here I was finding it hard to leave. "So..." Charlie clasps his hands together with a challenge in his deep brown eyes, a sly smile tilting the corner of his mouth only slightly visible beneath his mustache. I know exactly what follows this look and I am not looking forward to it. Battle of the wits is my dad's game, and honestly it's times like these that either make me exceptionally proud of him, or ridiculously embarrassed. When he's losing he becomes a bit like Vizzini from the princess bride. "Edward, you are seemingly not well liked by your Senate colleagues." My dad laughs a bit at what he thinks is a joke, while mom and I side eye him trying to figure out exactly where he is going with this. I hope it's a good place Charlie. Edward has been nothing but polite since he walked through the door, and yet it seems my dad is now on to showing Edward just what he really thinks of him. He thinks Edward young, and inexperienced, and he is not fond of the Republican Party. I glance at Edward to see a slight tilt in the corner of his mouth as he cooly leans back in his seat, and tips his fingers together in his lap. "This is true." Edward replies, extenuating each word, and then let's his words hang in the air. "There's nothing wrong with that." Renee pipes in, taking a sip of her tea. Charlie laughs again, but in a boasting way that is off-putting. "Yes there is sweetheart. There's plenty wrong with that." "In my opinion it is a very good thing Charles. I am standing up to the Washington establishment not playing best friends with people who aren't effectively doing their fair share to lead us back into a place of financial stability." "You are also not playing by the rules." Charlie steps in, annoyance visibly etched on his face. Edward struck a nerve when speaking on the United States financial crisis. Dad has been diligently working to balance the budget, and it's nit fair for Edward to throw that in Charlie's face. However it is also not fair that Charlie is openly baiting Edward, and feeling him out. Edward may be young but I have noted how sharp he is. Edward scratches his jaw line, and his eyes slowly veer off in my direction as he speaks in a tone tinged with double meaning. "Some rules are meant to be broken." The entry is ridiculously long (over 12,000 words) so I split it up into different parts. I guess this would change it's status from a One shot, I'm not sure. Either way, this is how I chose to post it for those who haven't read it as a one shot. If I am breaking a rule, let me know. Thanks for reading! :)