be. Letting her see the devil inside. This was what any fucker who stood against me and my family saw before I killed them. "When I tell you to do something, you do it, you hear me?" She nodded and whimpered. I further tightened my grip on her hair, making her sob as my fingers dug into her scalp. "We understand each other now, Jane?" Jane whispered yes and I let her go, watching her flop back on the ground, moaning in pain. I stepped away, walking over to my boys with my gun still trained on Aro. He had yet to say anything. I was sure he was going to tell Pops about this, but I didn't give a fuck. Let the old man call me and try to chew my ass about shooting his fucked up friend's whore. I didn't care. What mattered to me was the shitstorm James's death was going to cause if someone pieced this shit together and it led back to me. I was already getting a fucking headache just thinking about it. We would have to work fast to cover this shit up. I looked at my men, and lowered my gun, putting it back in its holster. "Garrett…take care of this." He nodded and went back to the car. He returned with his kit. Garrett was always prepared for shit. Peter and Emmett still had their guns trained on Aro. I waited until Garrett walked over to James's lifeless body before I got ready to leave. Two of my other guys would stay behind with Garrett. Emmett was staying. Peter would leave with me. Emmett still had his gun on Aro. "What do you need?" he asked, not taking his eyes or gun off of Aro. "Cover this shit up," I told him. "Don't leave any trail." "Rosie can help with that," he said. Rosalie was Emmett's girl. She has been with us for some months now ever since she and Emmett hooked up. Rosalie was one of the best hackers I had ever met, next to Emmett, who I had known all my life. "I don't want a lot of people knowing about this shit," I hissed. "Get Rosalie back here now! What is she doing anyways?" "Visiting some relatives of hers," Emmett said. "I'll get her back here. I'll need her help with this mess. The more hands on it, the better." "I didn't need this!" I growled. "And my fucking little cousin is working in another division." Edward could tell me what was going on. He was family. Leah, my head bodyguard's, lover, and one of my FBI informants. If he were working in Chicago, he would let me know what the fuck was up. I gotta find a way to get his ass transferred out here. "Em, get Rosalie's ass back here now and get this shit done. I want to cover our tracks covered!" I looked back at Aro. He was with his woman, both of them eyeing me with hate. So what the fuck was new? I would find a way to kill his ass one day if he didn't kill me first. I rolled my eyes at Jane's pathetic groans when Aro took her up into his arms. I turned away and walked out of the clusterfuck with a helluva lot of shit to think about. I was at the door when Aro's threat stopped me. "This isn't over, Jasper." His voice, deadly. I turned to him with a cocky smirk plastered on my face and said snidely, "Looking forward to your next visit." Peter and I walked out. "He's fucking serious, you know," Peter chuckled. "I know." I knew Aro was a spiteful fuck. Good thing I was always watching my back. My biggest problem right now was James Swan. I needed the information. I needed to solve a problem only James could have helped me with. Who was he? If only the bitch hadn't shot him. I got in the back of my car with a heavy sigh. I had a lot of shit to do. This was just beginning. I could feel it. Leah looked at me through the rearview mirror. "Fucked up, huh?" she asked. "Yeah, it is." I sighed. "It's a clusterfuck and I'm gonna make it out this one with some scars." "I'll keep your ass safe, boss," Leah chuckled and I smiled. It was good to have family like Leah. I could talk to her about anything. She has been in our family all her life. She was straightforward and had a sick sense of humor. Leah was like the little sister I never had. Her and her little brother, Seth, grew up with my family because their mom was our housekeeper, but when she passed away from cancer, Pops had to help. So we took them in. Leah stuck to me like a lost puppy and she and Edward started banging as soon as they knew what to do with their private parts. We were happy. But it wasn't meant to be. Something had to fuck things up. The fuck up came in the form of Seth being killed by a mugger three weeks after his high school graduation. He was heading to Harvard. He wanted to be an oncologist. Leah lost it. I was there. Edward was there, but she damn near ended up in a nuthouse. She was inconsolable. Emmett tracked the mugger down and I was going to kill the bastard, but Leah asked to do it. I wasn't about to deny her. He was unrecognizable when Leah was through with him. She left New York for Chicago and hadn't left my side since. Peter's voice brought me out of my reverie. "Rosalie better get back soon." "Yeah. She better." I looked out the window wondering why it felt like I had just hurt someone I loved. What the fuck was happening to me? Next: Bella gets what she wants, but at a cost.