back to Segovia. . . We are strolling down the beach of La Concha at sunset when he breaks the quietness. "I have to tell you something," he starts. "Okay," I say with my heart in my throat. He's been quiet for a while and is so serious now that I don't know what to think. "Professor Martinez has offered me a position as his TA if I decide to study my Ph.D. in Segovia." I'm speechless. For a moment I thought that he was going to tell me that it had been fun, but we couldn't have anything. I feel ashamed. After all the times he's told me that he loves me, I shouldn't have thought that, but in the last few days my mind's been playing tricks on me. "That's awesome," I finally say, a smile almost splitting my face in two. "Yeah, it is," he says, looking ahead of him. I move to stand in front of him. "What is it, then? What has you so serious? Don't you... want it?" I ask, fearful. "It's not that I don't want it, it's that I can't take it." He runs his hands through his hair. And I know now isn't the time to admire how sexy the gesture is or how good he looks with his disheveled hair, but I do anyway. I have limited time to do so and I have to take advantage of the last moments I have left. "Is it because of your parents?" I ask him a moment later, when he doesn't elaborate. "No, no. My parents don't have anything to do with this. It's just that my master's thesis hasn't passed my tutor's corrections. He says I have to re-do it and present it again next year." "So you aren't coming back," I state, because now it's a fact. His hands come to rest softly on my neck. "I am coming back, Bella. We just have to wait a year." I bite my lip hard and try not to cry, but as soon as I feel his finger brush away a tear from my cheek, I know I'm doing a poor job out of it. "I could go to Oxford with you," I say with a strangled voice. "You have never suggested it, but I could go." "I know, baby. But I haven't suggested it because I know it would be a great effort on your part and your mom's. I can't stay here for a year while I do my thesis without a job and I can't ask you to do just that." We were silent for a moment and I hugged him tightly to me, crying on his chest. When we moved apart, I could see his eyes were red and his cheeks had wet trails. I brushed his tears and then mine with a new determination. "I'll tell you what we'll do. You go and finish that thesis and I'll start my masters. We'll both be so busy that time will fly by. We can visit when we have a break and-" I stop talking when he cuts me off. "And by next summer I'll come back to you. For good." "For good." . . Not having to go and defend his thesis in June, Edward stays for the summer. Despite that, leaving him at the airport at the beginning of September not knowing when I'll see him again is hard, really hard, but I know it won't be forever. He's promised to come back and I believe him. I submerge myself in the first two months of my Master's classes. I'm specializing in criminal law and it's really interesting, but life isn't the same without Edward here. For the first time, I realize how lonely I am, because then I tolerated being the third wheel with my friends, but now I can't stand it. It's not like they have left me alone, because they haven't. Jess and Maria are loyal friends that are supporting me during this hard time. But it hurts when they tell me they have plans with Mike or Marco and I don't have Edward here. It all changes when by the end of October I get home and see a letter for me from the University. I haven't told anyone I was applying for it -not even Edward- in case I didn't get it, but the words on in the paper are clear. I've been granted a six month Erasmus grant for Oxford University. Translations: * Pincho of tortilla: a piece of Spanish omelette. * ¿Tú hablas español? : Do you speak Spanish? * Solo un poco : Just a little bit. * Café solo : just coffee, without milk. * ¿Me enseñarías la ciudad? : Would you show me the city? * ¿De verdad quieres que te enseñe la ciudad? : Do you really want me to show you the city? * ¿Mañana? Me va bien. ¿Quedamos a las... 9 en punto? : Tomorrow? It works for me. Do you want to meet, let's say... at nine o' clock? * ¿Estás bien? : Are you alright? * Sí, estoy bien. Vamos, esta es mi parte favorita : Yes, I'm alright. Let's go, this is my favourite part. * ¿Quieres entrar? : Do you want to go in? * Claro : Sure. * Es la iglesia de la Vera Cruz : It's the church of the True Cross. * misterioso : mysterious. Thank you for reading! Please leave this author some love in the form of a review. Please remember that this contest is anonymous. We would appreciate it if you'd pimp out the contest as a whole and not single out certain entries. If you know who wrote an entry, please don't give any indication which would lead to disqualification. This includes hinting or even guessing in reviews. We don't want to have to disqualify anyone. We also ask that you refrain from adding any entries to communities until the winners are announced.