strikes me and I softly bite one nipple and Bella's moans erupt like a beautiful music to my ears. As I switch my mouth to the other one Bella cradles my head in her hands hold me to her chest- as if I am going to run away! Soon I am making my way down her perfect stomach and then to her hip bones. I hook one thumb in each side of her panties and slowly peel off the final bit of clothing from her body. After I have discarded the scrap of fabric I take in Bella in all her glory- she is perfect. I can see the moisture glistening on her lower lips as I lean down to place an open mouthed kiss just above her bare pussy. Bella almost jumps off the bed at the sensation. I am about to make my descend to the promise land when Bella whimpers, "Edward, please, I want you. All of you… inside me… RIGHT NOW." I smile against her clit and shake my head at her impatience, "Soon, Baby. Let me worship you first, Love. I want to lavish every inch of your body with my attention." Bella tugs at my hair and pants, "No, I can't wait anymore. I have waited for you for so long. You can do that later but right now I just want to feel you, Edward, please." I shush her and say, "No, Baby. You don't have to beg me." And then I raise myself slightly to take off my boxers before returning to the cradle of Bella's hips to join with her fully. I am already so hard that I fear I wouldn't last even seconds as I breath heavily on Bella's neck, "Baby, do you have condoms? I don't have any with me." I want to kick myself for not having the forethought to carry one in my wallet. Bella smiles at me and replies, "I am on the pill. I don't want any barriers between us. I want to feel you, Edward." And with that my self control vanishes. I rub myself against her slit a few times and when she whimpers with frustration I lean down to kiss her mouth and whisper, "I love you, Bella Swan." And then I enter her fully with one stroke and Bella's back arches off the bed as her eyes snap open. I hold myself steady as I revel in the feeling of being surrounded by my love in the most intimate way. Bella looks like a deer caught in headlights and whispers, "What did you just say?" I smile suddenly sure that she'll not reject me and say, "I"… kiss… "Love"… kiss… "You"… kiss… "Baby". Bella's smile is blinding as her eyes well up and she holds me tightly to her and whispers, "You don't know how long I have waited to hear those words, Edward. I love you too… so much that it scares the shit out of me sometimes." And then we are laughing- more like giggling- and when Bella raises her hips, I take the hint and start moving in and out of her… painstakingly slowly. The feeling of being surrounded by Bella's arms, her scent, her warmth- is abso-fucking-lutely the best feeling in the world. I kiss the shell of her ear and say with harsh ragged breathing, "You feeling so good, Baby." She smiles against my lips and finishes the thought, "So good that I can't even find comparisons." Yes, we are good; together like this we are great- maybe bordering on excellent. I mention my thoughts out loud which makes Bella giggle. The force of her giggle sends a ripple of desire through our joined bodies removing any and all traces or mirth- there is only love and passion; Edward and Bella. We hold each other's eyes as our breaths pick up and my movements get erratic. Bella hooks her thighs on either side of my hips and then she's clenching me inside her and moaning out my name. A few more thrusts and I am undone. I join her in ecstasy while groaning unintelligible sounds but I think… I think Bella deciphered my groans of 'I love you' because suddenly she grips me tightly once more and moans back, "I love you too, Edward." -CMM- After we are sated and lying in bed naked and without a care in the world, I grin down lazily at the beautiful woman who is draped over my chest. She catches my smile and asks, "What's that smile for?" I smirk at her and say, "It's my happy smile. I can't tell you how happy I am, Bella. I finally have you as my family." She returns my smile and says, "I have always been your family, Edward. You were just too much of a gentleman to see it. I even tried to date Jacob hoping you'd realize it." I sigh, "Sorry it took me so long, Love." After a few beats I am drawing lazy patterns on Bella's bare back as I say, "You know I was about to give up on you tonight. If you hadn't stopped me I probably would have." She grins impishly at me, "I am glad that I managed to change your mind, Dr. Cullen." And then she kisses me making me hard once again. I smirk at her and say, "How about I let you know the after-effects of the change, Miss Swan?" She snickers back at me, "I believe my schedule is free for you… for as long as you want, Doctor." With that she brings my mouth in a kiss and we're professing our love once again- in the most intimate of ways. I finally told her… and she said she loves me back. Life is good. A/N: This was my first lemon. I tried to make it mature but not a total porno… So what do you think? Was I successful? Let me know your thoughts and review, please? Ann