place that brought you back into my life," "A wolf?" "For protection and to remind you of your friend who will be loyally waiting for your return," "What's this last one?" Bella questioned. Jacob smiled. "That's the sun and that little ball beside it is the moon." "Why?" Bella asked. "Because the sun is nothing without its moon," Jacob said softly and Bella smiled. Then she chuckled softly. "Um, Jake," she called, fingering the charm. "Yes?" he asked. "I think it's the other way around," she said and Jacob blushed. "Not in my world," he mumbled and Bella hugged him again. "I wish I could take you with me," she whispered, burying her face in the crook of his neck. "Bella, I can't just leave. But I would… run away…with you…if I could," Jacob admitted, hugging her tighter. Bella smiled. "I love you," she said. "I love you more," Jacob replied. Bella giggled. "You're an idiot," she mumbled. "I know," Jacob said. "But you're my idiot," she said and Jacob smiled. "And there could be no greater title," … Jacob drove her to the airport. She and Charlie had said there goodbye at the house. "So, this is it," Jacob said, as they got out of her truck. Bella nodded. "Yeah, I guess so," she mumbled. "Still nervous?" Jacob asked and Bella shook her head. "Me? Never," she said and Jacob laughed. "I'm going to miss you, Bells," he said. "I'll miss you more," she said and Jacob shook his head. "Not possible, honey." He said. They hugged and Jacob turned to get Bella's bags out of her trunk. "I can't believe you got accepted to Dartmouth." He said. "Then again, you've always been a little smarty-pants," he teased. "Shut up, you jerk." Bella said and Jacob laughed. "I'm going to miss hearing that," Jacob admitted. "I'm going to miss saying it," Bella replied, then took a deep breath. "Jacob, I love you," "I love you more," Jacob replied instantly. "No. I mean, I love you," Bella said, and Jacob nodded, walking with her bag. "I know, I love you too," "No, I- Ugh!" she cried and the she kissed. Pushed him against the wall outside of the airport, making him drop her bags on the side walk, grabbed his collar and kissed him. It's a sensation she has never felt before, mostly because Bella had only ever kissed one other person and he'd never kissed her like this, partly because it's Jacob and he's a really good kisser. She could tell he was dazed by how tense he was, but, before she could get embarrassed and pull away, his hands wrapped around her waist and he pulled her closer. He turned them around and pressed her back against the wall, changing the pace of the kiss, his tongue brushing against her bottom lip making her shudder, and for a brief moment Bella wondered if she might miss her flight. She was strangely okay with that. Her hand snaked its way up too his hair, and her legs wrapped themselves around his waist. Jacob moaned in her mouth and Bella smirked. Jacob pulled his mouth away from hers a few minutes later. "Is this a goodbye kiss or are you trying to tell me something?" he asked, breathless and Bella smiled. "I love you," she said and Jacob smiled back. "I love you more, Bells." He said and rolled her eyes before pulling his mouth back against hers. Between Laughing For No Reason, Stupid Arguments , Long Talks , And Making Fun Of Each Other… I Fell In Love With You. -Unknown Author's note: Just a little Jella fluff. I really think Stephanie Meyer missed a big opportunity by letting Bella take Edward back after he left her in New Moon. I think that it would have been a greater book if Bella had saved Edward but chosen to live with a human life with the people who had been there for here when Edward and the Cullens weren't. If she had chosen to stay human and go to college. No werewolf Jake. Sorry, I know were-Jacob is hot and I love him but if Bella's going to stay human then so is Jacob. Mostly because I liked the simple, sweet guy he was before the transformation and I think that's what Bella needed. Please Review And Tell Me What You Think. If You Don't I'll Assume That You Don't like it and Give up Writing FOREVER! All people who review will receive cookies and milk from a shirtless Jacob or a Bella in a bikini. Jacob and Bella: What?! Me: Hey, I gave you guys a hot airport kiss and a happy ending. You Owe ME! Now strip! Jacob: Sure *Rips off shirt revealing hot abs* Me: *Drools* Bella: Hey! Back off! He's mine! Me: I'm just looking! Shesh! Jacob: You can do more than that, if you want. I don't bite *Growls* Much. Me: Oh, I might have to take you up on that. Bella: What about me? ME: *Throws her an itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini* Go change. Bella: *Leaves* Me: *Turns back to Jacob* Now where were we? Jacob: *Grins* you were about to help me oil my abs…in your bedroom. Me:*Turns to readers* Review Please! *Drags Jacob to her room* Bella:*Come out wearing bikini and looks around.* Where did everyone go? I made cookies. Review R.E.V.I.E.W Read It Enjoy It Validate It Invite Others to View It Enjoy It Again Write a Review I'm not going to beg…. PLEASE, REVIEW. PRETTY PLEASE WITH SUGAR AND JACOB ON TOP? I'M DOWN ON MY KNEES BEGGING, PLEASE! WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS? GO REVIEW THIS. … … … Is anyone there? ... … .. … .. I'm a little tea pot short and stout. … . I'm a pirate. … . I killed a man with my thumb. … .. Edward sucks! … . Stop listening to me blurt random things and Review!