As I turned to go away, I felt his arm wrap around my torso and turn me back to face him. His usually clear green eyes looked determined as he kept his hold firm. He used his other hand to tip my face back a little to make me look into his eyes. "Why are you always running away from me?" "I wasn't running away …" "Yes, you were," he countered my response and holding my arms, shook me a little as if trying to shake some sense into me. "You accuse me of lying to you, you tell me that that kiss meant something to you and now you don't want to give me a chance to explain myself? What kind of justice is that, Bella?" I opened my mouth but he pressed a finger to my lips, telling me to shut the fuck up with his eyes. Then he continued. "You said that I didn't care about the kiss? Well, how about all those mixed signals you gave me in the last few weeks, huh? Do you have any idea how difficult it has been for me to see you prancing around the house in the fucking short skirts you wear and not reach out to touch you? Do you know how much I had wanted to grab you and kiss you silly when you emerged from the bathroom with that tiny bikini clinging to you? It's been like hell, Bella. I've burned in this hell since the day you gave me a high five for picking out the batman t-shirt instead of the sensible shirt Rose was pushing me to get when we were growing up." Silence. Complete and utter silence was what followed his declaration. All I could do was blink back the tears threatening to fall once again. He raised his hands and took my face in them, brushing away the few teardrops still clinging to my cheekbones. "I've had a crush on you since before I could understand what a crush exactly is, Bella," he said softly. "But I loved you from the moment I kissed you in that crammed space of the closet. It's you who I want … who I want to love." Because I was a persistent bitch, I blurted out, "But what about Tanya?" He shrugged. "She's a friend who kissed me on the cheek to thank me for picking out the perfect gift for her valentine this year … some girl called Lauren Mallory." Startled giggles burst from my mouth at this revelation. Then we were both laughing at how our minds could trick us into believing something that wasn't even there. When I could breathe again I said, "I'm sorry for the mixed signals. I just didn't want to admit to myself that I had fallen for you." Raising an eyebrow, he asked, "Fallen for me?" I nodded. "Very much so. After all, you know the real value of having batman t-shirts!" His answering laughter was something I wanted to hear for the foreseeable future … maybe even after that. . . . ~*~*~*Of Heaven and Hell*~*~*~ . . . Eight Years Later . . . "You may now kiss your bride." As soon as the words left the Officiant's mouth, the two figures standing before us all attacked each other, kissing like there was no tomorrow. I tried to avert my eyes from their blatant display of affection, but the happiness radiating from the newly married couple drew me back in. They finally broke the kiss, standing arm in arm and looking at me with pointed stares. And that's when I remembered my cue. With a wide smile threatening to split my face in two, I stepped forward and faced the guests in attendance. "Ladies and gentlemen, it is my great honor to present to you for the first time ever—Tanya and Lauren Denali-Mallory." I watched with pride as my two friends kissed again before smiling at the cheering crowd. "They both look pretty," a voice whispered in my ear. "They do," I answered with a smile. "But nothing compared to you. You look fucking delectable, Mrs. Cullen. And I can't wait to get you home so that I can worship every square inch of your body." His words, coupled with the feeling of his lips barely brushing the nape of my neck made my whole body tingle with anticipation. "Edward …" I whispered his name before tilting my head to the side to look at my husband's handsome face. "I have something for you." Making sure that the wedding party was starting to disperse to follow the brides to their wedding reception, I held out the small box I had been carrying with me all day. He looked confused as he took the box and opened it. Lifting the tiny batman t-shirt nestled inside the box, he blinked and then realization lit up his eyes. Without another word, he pulled me to his chest and asked in a quiet voice, "Really?" I nodded and then smiled as he kissed my lips. "A perfect mixture of us," I said. The way his eyes twinkled with happiness, pride and love made me feel like I was in heaven … my personal heaven … right in his arms. ~*~*~*The End*~*~*~ A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed this little contribution of mine. Share your thoughts with me and leave a review, please? By some crazy stroke of luck, my little drabble present for Granma Dee, Promise Me Forever, has been nominated for TwiFanfictionRecs' top ten completed fics of November 2015. Vote for your favorite fic in the link below: twifanfictionrecs category / top-ten-fics / top-ten-completed-fics-nov-2015 / (Remove the spaces before you hit enter) Oh and the lovely ladies at the ADifferentForest interviewed me for the Author Spotlight on their website. Here's the link if you want to read my crazy ramblings. ;) www . adifferentforest Campfires / 36934 (Remove spaces before you hit enter) Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann