his voice made me tremble. "Yeah. Well, kind of. I think so." I was such a moron, and I couldn't stop my bumbling. "What do you mean you think so ?" James and I had messed around a few times, mostly when I got bored from his conversations, but both times we'd had sex, I hadn't been sure if we'd ever had it or not. He'd seemed happy afterward, but I never felt much during the few seconds he'd been pushing around down there. Rose had laughed until she cried when I told her afterward and promptly went out and bought me a variety of toys to keep myself satisfied. I was partial to the Rabbit. " Bella? " he prodded again. "I just..." I was flustered both from the topic and from his breath fanning over my skin. "I've been with someone. It just happened really fast and... ugh... I don't know. It was sex. I'm pretty sure it was." His laughter rang out, echoing in the room, and I pushed him away to fold my arms over my chest. Asshole . "Sorry, sorry," he managed to say, trying to contain his chuckles. He rubbed my arms, finally calming down after a few minutes, and coaxed his way into pulling me close to him again. "I wasn't laughing at you . I was laughing at the moron you slept with." I couldn't really blame him. Rose had laughed even harder than he had. It was the looming dread of basically being forced to have a life with James—a man whose prowess was obviously comedy material—that made me sick to my stomach. When I remained silent, he leaned back in close enough for me to feel his breath on my lips. "I think you need to know how it's done right." He kissed me hard. "Do you want me to show you?" Against all rational thought, all logic, all convention, all sense of self-preservation... I did. I did want him to show me. I wanted him to tear off my clothes. Take me hard. Make me scream. Change my course. Maybe that's what I was really looking for. Something—or someone —to disrupt this track my life was set on. Instead of speaking, I gripped his hair and kissed him back, wrapping my legs around him in invitation. It was a frenzy of groping hands, wet kisses, and panted curses. There was no doubt in my mind we would have been naked in seconds, if not for the most unfortunate interruption by two loud voices. "Edward!" "Get out of my way, you buffoon! Bella ? Are you down here?" Edward and I both groaned. We'd been found, and neither of us was very happy about it. A pounding on the door forced us to separate and try to fix our clothes. "I'm in here, Em. Give me a second." Edward pulled me off the table, his hands remaining on my waist. "Bella. Something's about to happen when that door opens. I just want to tell you now that no matter what, I meant everything I said and did in here. This was all me. The real me." " What ? What does that mean?" Before he could answer, someone pushed the door open. Edward let me go, and I blinked against the harshness of the light pouring in from the hallway. The outline of a hulking figure took up most of the doorway, but Rose was trying to bust her way in by elbowing the giant in the gut. "Bella? Let me by, you horse's ass!" "Bro, we have to bolt. The paps know you're here and there are fangirls lining the halls." Both Rose and this 'Em' person were talking over each other, and I was more confused than ever. Rose finally squeezed her way inside, and my eyes had adjusted enough to find her standing there gaping at me. "Holy fucking shit!" Her gaze darted from me to Edward, and back again. I shook my head. What was her problem? So what if I was behaving in a very non-Isabella way? She's the one who told me to have a good time. I turned toward Edward, both nervous and excited to see the face of the man I'd been molesting moments earlier. And every drop of blood drained from my body. It was Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen . The boy-king of Hollywood. The biggest star around. He stood there, watching me with a half-grin and shrugged. I was frozen. I couldn't form words. I didn't even know where to start. "I knew you were going to be gorgeous," he said, making his way back to me and grabbing one of my hands. "Let's go. You're coming with me." "What the hell are you talking about?" Em asked. "We have to sneak out of here. Jane will kick your ass if you get caught papped with her." Edward turned from me to Em. "I don't give a fuck. She's coming. And bring her too," he said, motioning in Rose's direction, who seemed to still be as stunned as I was. "Jesus fucking Christ." Em shook his head, took Rose's elbow, and started leading the way out the door. I knew I should have said something. Done something. Made some kind of remark. But I still didn't have any words. My mind was busy replaying the immense dialogue of mortifying things I'd said and revealed to Mr. Superstar in the dark. We were almost out the door, when Edward put his arm around my waist and leaned down to murmur in my ear. "By the way, when I fuck you... you'll have no doubt about it." I was in so much trouble. AN: I hope you all enjoyed the start of this new story. Once again, happy birthday to Nic. You are one of the best friends I have in this fandom. As soon as I finish up a couple things on my other WIPs, I will return to this story.