door. My head snapped to the TV quickly before moving back to her again. It couldn't be. I took her in, with messy hair and flushed cheeks from running up the stairs. Her chest rose and fell quickly as she tried to catch her breath. And her eyes, those brown eyes I thought I'd never see again. They were staring right at me. "Edward..." She whispered softly, but I didn't respond. How could I? There was a ghost in Emmett's living room. "I didn't get on the plane." She croaked, tears dripping down her cheeks, "I couldn't leave. I made a promise to you that I'd never leave you." My body shook suddenly as a new round of tears began to take over me. I rose to my feet quickly, and Emmett moved out of my way as I half ran towards her, stopping only to grab her and haul her into my arms. I squeezed her. She was here. She was whole. I pressed my face into her hair. She smelt like Bella. Not rubble or fire. I pushed her hair back from her face, pressing my lips to her forehead. Her skin was warm, soft... Alive. I moved her coat out of the way, placing my hand over her heart. It was beating. "Oh Bella." I sighed, shutting my eyes as I breathed with relief, "I've never been so scared of anything..." "I'm so sorry, Edward." She cried, "I didn't even get halfway to my gate before I turned around and left the airport... I tried to call you... I tried your apartment..." "Don't ever leave me again." I growled lowly at her, "The thought of not seeing you... Not talking to you... I would've killed myself." "Don't talk like that." She snapped. "I love you, Bella. And that means I can't live without you." She stopped breathing, a faint smile playing on her red lips, "You love me back?" "I always have... And the thought of you dying on that plane and not knowing how I feel about you.." I shook my head, "I love you and I intendto spend the rest of my life by your side... If you die, I die." She opened her mouth to speak, but I didn't give her the chance to start because I placed my lips on top of hers, and softly, gently, lovingly, gave her our first kiss. When I pulled back I didn't get the chance to look at her face, because she nuzzled against my neck quickly, whispering that she loved me. "Umm..." Emmett started quietly from behind us, "Do you mind if I get a hug?" We turned to look at him, "I kinda thought you were dead... And my plane joke didn't seem so funny after I saw it crash into a building." Bella smiled softly, letting go of me before running into Emmett's bear hug, and I watched as he cried softly into her shoulder, "Never again, Bella." He warned, his tears wetting her hair, "Road trips from now on." Bella started to agree with him, before we all heard three pairs of footsteps on the stairs, running frantically. I stepped out into the landing, watching my friends come towards me with horrified and heartbroken faces. "It's okay!" I shouted quickly, "She didn't get on the plane." They stopped right in front of me, shock flitting across their faces before I pointed inside to the apartment. Alice's face turned angry, "Son of a bitch, I didn't know what I was going to do without her!" She began crying again, running straight into the apartment and grabbing Bella in a tight hug. Rose and Jasper were right behind her. Once everyone had calmed down, we sat together on the sofas, paired off as normal, and this time Bella kissed me lightly and I wiped away her tears as we watched the news reports. She whispered prayers to herself quietly, hoping for the safety of those still alive and inside, and praying for those who had lost their lives to the events of the day. "It could have been me." She whispered about two hours later. Yep. There was the shock we were waiting for. Emmett handed her a coffee straight away, and I rubbed her back soothingly. "It's wasn't though." I tried to be supportive, but in my own head I could imagine nothing but the love of my life at the bottom of that pile of rubble. "I was walking behind an old couple on the way to my gate." She started slowly, "The old man was holding her handbag in one hand and her hand in the other... They could barely even stand." She stopped for a moment, fighting tears, "They were discussing their trip... It was for their 70th wedding anniversary... And the little old lady just stopped suddenly, right in front of me, and she looked at him and she told him she loved him." Bella stayed quiet for a long moment, "And he just smiled and said he loved her too." She shrugged, "And then they continued walking... And I turned and left the airport." "It was them that made you leave?" "No." She admitted, "I already knew I wasn't making it onto the plane, but it was as if they were a sign." She glanced at the TV screen, "They were on my flight." She burst into tears suddenly, and we cried with her as we watched the scenes unfold on the TV and I held onto her tight. "They're safe now, Bella." I told her, "And at least they went together... That's perfect in my eyes." She turned her head onto my shoulder, looking at me softly, "I love you, Edward Cullen." "I love you too, Bella Swan." She sighed and shut her eyes. "Marry me." In loving memory of all the lives lost 9/11/01 I hope you guys enjoyed reading, and I'd really love to hear your thoughts. Please review and let me know what you thought?