Turning me so my back is against his hard chest, he whispers in my ear, "Time to lose the dress." As his teeth graze my earlobe, I shiver—and not from the cold. His soft, but powerful hands pull at my zipper, slowly, oh so slowly, slackening my dress. At a painfully slow rate, Edward removes my dress, letting it pool at my feet. This leaves me in nothing but my now soaked thong and black heels. Turning to face him, I stand on my toes, giving him another soft kiss. "Beautiful," he whispers. Gently, he nudges me so I sit on the desk. Kneeling in front of me, Edward's eyes focus on my core. My stomach tightens, anticipating what's about to happen next. He spreads my legs, giving him a clear view of my wet panties. Reaching forward, he hooks his fingers in my thong and slowly pulls it off, leaving me bare to him for the first time. Without hesitation, his hands move straight to my core. I can't help the gasp that escapes as he pushes in one finger, quickly followed by a second, completely stretching me. "Mmm…Edward…more…" I can barely form words at this point. His fingers continue to work me, and a familiar feeling starts to build in my stomach. I know this will be quick—it's been months since anything other than a vibrator has brought me release! I look down just in time to see Edward's face move towards my pussy. Seconds later he removes his fingers, replacing them with his tongue. And his tongue is pure magic! It's hard and soft, quick and slow, and everything I need. Within a matter of minutes, I'm close and panting his name. "I…gonna…Edward!" Just as I'm on the verge of cumming, Edward removes his tongue and I growl at the loss. So close! But before I have time to protest, he thrusts his tongue into my mouth, letting me taste myself on him. His fingers are back, at my now throbbing core, pinching my clit and pushing me over the edge. My screams of pleasure are swallowed by Edward, as he kisses me through my orgasm. "Mmmm...thank you…" I whisper into our kiss, smiling as I feel him chuckle. "Anytime, beautiful, but we aren't finished. You're naked, wet, and on my desk, so I will be fucking you now." I glance down, realizing he hasn't cum yet. Looking into his eyes, I lean back on my elbows, and once again open my legs wide for him. "Well let's go then, gorgeous." His eyes fill with surprise and then lust, before leaning down for his pants and pulling a condom from his wallet. "You better hold on tight." We lock eyes as he rolls the condom over this cock. I watch as he strokes himself, before aligning his cock at my entrance. He stares at me for just a moment, before grabbing my hips and pulling me to the edge of the desk, thrusting deep inside me and making us both gasp. My breath catches, as I stretch to his size. He's big, bigger than Mike or Tyler and it takes a few seconds before I'm comfortable. Noticing my rigid body, Edward stills, letting me become accustomed to having him inside me. But it's not long before I start rocking my hips, encouraging him to move with me. "Oh…my…god…so fucking hot…" Edward groans. I look up to see him looking at where we're joined—watching us fucking. He grabs my right leg, moving it over his shoulder, causing him to go deeper than before. We groan in unison at the new amazing position. I yelp in surprise when I feel his thumb on my clit. I'm still sensitive from my first orgasm and I know if he keeps going, it won't take long. "Bella, Baby…cum again…please…I'm so close..." He grunts, as he continues working my clit, pumping in and out of me with abandon. I meet his thrusts with the same vigour and it's not long before I'm on the edge. "Harder…yes! Faster!" Edward picks up speed, thrusting deeper and faster than before. Moments later, I scream as my orgasm crashes through my body, my walls clenching down on his cock. His mouth is on mine, covering my screams. "Fuck…" He grunts into my mouth and stills, his orgasm taking over and he spills his seed into me. As Edward recovers, he collapses on top of me. Instead of being bothered by his weight, I relish the feeling of his naked body against mine. It's silent for a few minutes, as we lay there catching our breath. Once composed, Edward stands and wraps the condom in a tissue and places it in the waste basket. He then moves around the office, collecting our clothes from all over the floor. Facing me, he holds out my dress and helps me step back into it. Quietly, I wait for him to dress before we head to the door. Will he still drive me home? Will he call for a cab now? This silence is killing me! As he opens the door, a door on the opposite side of the hall opens at the same time, revealing a dishevelled looked Rose. She catches my eye and bursts out laughing. "Well, you look how I feel!" "Right back at ya!" Rose turns back to Emmett, who is now standing behind her, giving him a brief kiss. They exchange a few quiet words before she turns back to me. "You ready to go?" I nod, as I step out of the office and back into the club. This story started off as a one shot but turned into a multi chap after some pushing from the girls on twitter Big thanks to my pre-reader Marika for her insight! Huuuuge thanks to my awesome beta Pattinlethr aka Jill. Most of her time is spent sorting out my grammar issues! Hope you all liked the chapter, the review button's below, you know what to do! X