wrap around me, and I feel him place a kiss on my temple, just like he has done a thousand times before. I hear him whisper in my ears, "Love, why are you here like this? I told you, I was not going to steal you away. You have been out in this wretched weather all this time? I have been looking all over for you, my Bella. You will catch cold. Let me get you out of here." A whimper comes out of my mouth as my eyes widen with worry. I vehemently shake my head. "No, no, Edward, I will not go back. If I go back, Papa will make me marry Mr. Black, and I refuse to marry anyone who is not you. Please, Edward, Emmett arranged this carriage for us, let us just go away from here." A hint of a smile forms at the corners of his mouth. "You will not marry Mr. Black?" I start to shake my head again. This time, his smile becomes more pronounced. "But you will marry me?" I do not need to think before answering his question. With absolute conviction I reply, "In a heartbeat." He stands up and then holds his hand out to me. "Then come with me, my love. We have a wedding to attend." My eyebrows furrow in question at his statement. "Who is getting married?" I see the mirth dancing in his eyes as he smirks at me. "Why, this gentleman named Edward Masen, I hear. The bride is a quite lovely one, too. Her name is Isabella Swan. Maybe you have heard of her?" he asks with a wink. I take a sharp breath and ask, "But what about Papa?" He places one finger on my lips, silencing me, and then he smiles at me. "Your papa is the one who is giving you away. He agreed to my proposal. I told you I would win his approval. Apparently, he knows I am the perfect gentleman who can make his daughter truly happy." My heart fills with happiness as the meaning behind his words become clear to me. He did it. He achieved my papa's consent and he came to me. I let a smile stretch across my face and take his hand, knowing he will never let me go, because he loves me. As we walk away, hand-in-hand, from towards my father's house, I turn back and look up at the sky one last time. The rain has ceased. The clouds have started to part, and from the opening in the clouds covering the sky, a sliver of sunlight is shining down on the earth. Yes, the dark clouds are not here anymore. Because my Edward, my sun, is here now, I say to myself before continuing on our way. ~*~*~*My Perfect Gentleman*~*~*~ Later that night A sigh escapes my parted lips as I feel his fingers draw random circles on my bare back. I turn and hover over him—my Edward, my husband. I feel light-headed with the happiness coursing through me at the moment. He moves his hand from my back and traces his thumb over my upturned lips. I cannot help but place a kiss on his thumb, making him hum with pleasure. "What is it? Why are you smiling like you have a secret, wife?" I blush at the new form of endearment he has started using since we exchanged our wedding vows. I hide my face in the crook of his neck, feeling shy, and smile again. "I am smiling because I am deliriously happy." He laughs at my shyness and encircles me in his arms once more. "Can I tell you a secret of mine, love?" he asks softly. I nod and look up to see his face. He frames my face in his hands and brings our lips together. "I am deliriously happy as well." I giggle at his declaration and then ask a question I have not had the opportunity to ask before. "How did you manage to persuade Papa? I did not think he would agree to an alliance based on affection only. He is a very practical man." He shrugs and lets his hands wander down my sides before resting them on my behind. "I think you will find that I can be very charming, Lady Masen. Besides, what father does not want his dearest daughter to be married to a gentleman?" I let out a very unladylike snort and poke his side, making him jump slightly. "Of course. I wonder though," I say in a teasing tone. "What will he think of your gentlemanly ways when he realizes what you just did to his daughter?" With a mischievous glint in his eyes, he rolls us over, hovering over me, ready to pick up where we left off the last time. He kisses the tip of my nose, making me giggle. "I do not think it is necessary to tell him that , do you?" As I feel his weight over my body, all traces of mirth disappear. I tighten my hold on him and say breathlessly, "I think we are in agreement on that." He brushes his lips on mine and murmurs, "Good." And then we are lost to our own world where no one matters except us—Edward and his Bella, Bella and her Edward. Hours afterwards, as I feel sleep and exertion of the day starting to claim my consciousness, I hear my husband whisper in my ear, "I love you, Lady Isabella Masen. I love you with all my heart." A slow smile comes over my lips as I whisper back, "I love you, too, my Lord, my husband, my perfect gentleman." Tomorrow is going to be a new day, my first day as Lady Masen, and I honestly cannot wait for the next phase of our life to begin. The End A/N: So ... thoughts? Hit me with them and leave a review. Thanks for reading. Take care. Ann