our mutual friends would be there. Guys that Jake had grown up with on the reservation and their wives, mostly Quileute and a few "pale faces" like me. It was a good group of people, honest and hardworking. They'd become my second family since I didn't have much of a first one to begin with. A mother and a father, separate, not together. The former I saw so sporadically over the past seven years, I'm not even sure it counted. I don't think she ever got over my choice to stay in Forks rather than move to Jacksonville with her. And then I married Jake, when I was just shy of no longer being a teenager. It was the life she didn't want for me. The life she tried to avoid by leaving Forks with me in the first place. My only redemption was giving her the girls, whom she loved more than anything else. If it wasn't for them, I wondered if we'd even talk at all. "What are you doing Bella? Don't you need to get dressed?" Jake reached in the fridge for another beer while I sat damp in my robe at my laptop. "Just a sec, I wanted to look something up. Since we're headed near town, I might want to pop into the library." "Finish your book already? That good?" I smiled up at him, pleased he'd taken-or at the very least feigned-an interest. "It was great, so good. I'd give my right foot to write like that." Jake chugged at the beer and then spoke, "From what I remember you weren't a half bad writer yourself. Didn't you win some prize senior year? Some literary something or another?" "Uh-huh. Yeah, but God, that was ages ago." Yet another memory from when I was just Bella. I was racking them up today. "Yeah, when you had nothing better to do, right? Speaking of, did you remember to wash those whites? I'm down to my last pair of underwear." He stepped back out of the kitchen without waiting for my answer as the sound of the game returning called to him. I stuck out my tongue at the empty room and typed the author's name into Google. I was pretty sure I'd read all the copies of her work they had at the local library, but if I was lucky I might find something used on Amazon. Her website popped up and I pushed the mouse past 'Appearances' to 'Novels', and clicked. I scrolled through the list and realized I'd read everything she'd written, but I was giddy at the heading announcing a new work this summer. I hit the rest of the tabs, reading her bio, her blog postings, the links to other authors. The website was so personal, so intimate, I felt like I knew her, like she was inviting me in. Glancing up at the clock and realizing how little time I had to get dressed now, I clicked on 'Appearances', half-hoping, half-knowing there was no way in hell that she'd be at a bookstore near me soon. Just as I suspected, she wouldn't be touring until just after her book release in a few months and the closest she'd come to here was hours away. I was about to hit the red 'x' in the corner but I hesitated over a hotlink for a Writer's Conference. Her name was listed alongside with the designation "Key Note Speaker." I clicked the link, and when the page opened up, I felt my heart flutter. The conference was being held near Monterey, California next month. The words leaped off the screen as my eyes scanned them. I'd never heard of something like this before. Where someone could go and spend their days in workshops learning like this, from people like this. She wasn't the only well-known name I saw as I scanned the list of presenters. I glanced over my shoulder and clicked 'registration information', the flashing banner appearing made butterflies rise in my chest. ' Last Minute Registration Discount! Workshop roulette allows an amazing discount! Great option for novices. Space extremely limited, register now! ' I chewed at my thumb nail and slid it between my teeth. I could not believe I was considering this. There was no way I could consider this. The money, the girls, how could this work? But I knew that even with my rational mind drowning out the overwhelming desire of my heart that I would still do this. That I needed to do this. This was what I was looking for, without even knowing it. I reached across the table and into my purse that had tumbled over on top. I dug for my phone and my fingers flew across the keys shooting a text to Renee. Any chance you might want to come watch your favorite granddaughters for me? For a week? Next month? I held my breath and pushed the buttons along the side of the phone to vibrate. It buzzed in my hands not a minute later. Of course! When? Where are you going? I dropped the phone on the table and rubbed my face in my hands. I was doing this. I picked it up and answered. A writing conference in Monterey. Just found out about it. Really, really want to go. What does Jake think? Doesn't know. Oh. I think it's great, Bella, really great. Send me dates I'll book tickets. Oh shit. I was doing this. I answered Renee and reached into my purse again. I slid my hand in my wallet and pulled out the credit card that was within an inch of its life as it was. My fingers trembled as I hunched over the laptop, henpecking the keys to avoid Jake's awareness with my usual rapid-fire typing. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and clicked 'send'. ~ I'd love reviews more than my kids would love Yo Gabba Gabba playing on a continous feed all day long~