juice was gone by now. Edward's body fell limp and he gave in, rolling almost effortlessly onto the battleground and away from Bella. The tiles were cool and hard against his soft skin, but no doubt he was infected. He could feel the cooties crawling underneath his skin like parasites or worms. "I can see the light," Edward whispered to his comrades. A collective gasp rang throughout the room. "Don't worry about me" he whispered, his eyes flickering open and closed. The army of boys all shook their heads and gave their best sympathetic looks to their friend. "You're all safe," he coughed. As if planned, the boys pinned their angry glares at Bella, who was watching Edward with a raised eyebrow and a entertained smile. "Tell my family that I love them...oh and if possible bury me with all of my toys," he added in haste. Dramatically, Edward's eyes closed, his hand clutched his chest and everyone watched in silence as he put on a wondrous performance of death. The room was silent. Then suddenly, one of Edward's eyes snapped open, he cleared his throat and he sarcastically whispered, "And Bella Swan, thanks for killing me." The young girl, finally having enough, stood up and placed a hand on her hip. "Edward Cullen," she cried in frustration. "You're not dying! I don't have cooties. Cooties aren't even real." "Yes, they are! I'm dying! Look!" He gestured with both hands towards his limp body. "No, you're not," Bella reasoned, stepping forward and tapping Edward's shoulder with her white tennis shoe. "If you were dying you wouldn't be moving and talking!" "Well, maybe, I'm just dying really slow!" Bella shook her head. "Fine! I am not dying slowly- but I'm dying quickly!" His hands raised dramatically above his chest. "Oh oh! I see the light, Bella. Is there anything you'd like to say, like-like.. sorry?" The little girl laughed, "Nope." From the crowd, a boy with tight, curly black hair stepped out and bent down next to Edward. He did his best not to touch him as he swung his hands forward and revealed the treasure. "Finish it, Edward," the boy said, sounding sullen. Bella watched, her breath shallow and jagged. In his hands was the last juice box. Perfectly intact, no external puncturing or visible signs of the hell it had just been through, and Bella could feel it calling to her. It was vexing her and she knew, she had to have it. But how? Edward took the drink in his hand, pretending to shake and smiled a pain filled smile. "Thank you," he managed to stutter out between fake wheezing breaths. Everyone in the class watched as Edward skillfully managed to slip off the plastic wrapping from the straw and puncture the thin material. The slight, annoying noise of the straw rubbing against the edges of the puncture wound danced from wall to wall. Bella's eyes, like most of the classes, were transfixed on the juice box. The last juice box . It had to be hers. Any means necessary. This was war after all. The "dying" boy slowly moved the straw to his lips, tilting his head up to graze the straw. But suddenly he felt a weight against him and accompanying that weight was a sloppy, but tender kiss to his cheek. The kiss left him stunned. He felt his face blush a million shades of red. Everything, his mind, went completely blank. A collective, "Ew" echoed for a few seconds. Bella pulled back, her lips tingling but excitement bubbled inside her. In her tiny hand she held the last juice box. Victory , the words chimed in her head repeatedly as if it were a song stuck in her head. As planned, she had managed to slip her fingers around the box and simply lift it from his hands. Ever so quickly she stood up, blushing in the process as the class gawked at the two youngsters, and in a eager rush she placed the straw in her mouth. A wave of apple juice hit her tongue and her thirst began to vanish instantly. It had tasted just as she had imagined: sweet but a little sour; it wasn't warm, but it was wasn't cold. It was perfect. Just as Bella finished the last drop, Jasper came back into the classroom with a smile and a tired looking Mrs. Black. She merely shook her head when she caught sight of the crowd of children, not bothering to ask. Edward was sitting up by this time staring at his hands, his face the color of rubies. Everyone else just giggled. Luckily for everyone that day, no one got the cooties. Most of the boys suffered minor tummy aches- a side effect of the sugar they'd consumed rapidly, but everyone made it out alive. Present Day Bella came out of nearby bathroom. It was dark in her room now, the sun was fading away into the distance. She flipped on a light and went back to combing her knotted hair, ignoring the stinging sensation on her scalp. Edward sat on her twin bed, wearing nothing but his plaid blue boxers. His lips were twisted up into a smile, and he couldn't help but let out a laugh as Bella's face distorted with each knot. "Need help?" He laughed. Bella rolled her eyes, and huffed. She gave up and threw her comb onto the bed. She gestured for him to rise, "Come on, Romeo. Let's go get a drink." Edward smirked, seeming amused by the nickname. "Alright Juliet," he countered. He arose from the bed and swiftly made his way towards Bella. Once there, he wrapped his arms around her small waist. "On to the juice boxes." Without taking their hands off of each other they had made it to the kitchen surprisingly without tripping, stopping, or knocking anything over. Bella unwrapped herself from Edward and made her way to the fridge. Where only one juice box sat.