nose down the side of my face and hovers his lips over mine. "No you don't," he whispers without kissing me. "Yes I do. Please let me go," I beg him with my eyes clenched shut. "I can't do this right now, okay? I just— oh! " I gasp when he thrusts his hips against me and I feel every inch of him pressed along my body. I open my eyes and whimper every time he rubs against me with his hips, causing enough friction between us to start a fire. "If I see him touch you like that again?" his eyes stare daggers at my own before he leans down and whispers into my ear, "I will break his throwing arm." I freeze in his arms. He pulls back and I see that his face has morphed into something that slaps my mouth shut tight. There is so much raw hate and anger. Possession and jealousy. On what grounds does he even have the right to feel these sorts of emotions? It scares me. Would he really hurt Jasper? I close my eyes and breathe through my nose. Of course he would. My eyes are still closed when I feel Cullen's fingers slide around my neck and then up into my hair to cradle the back of my head. I allow my lashes to flutter closed and breathe through my parted lips slowly. I can feel his breath on my face and then his nose at my temple. We exhale together and he moves to press his forehead is against mine. It's calming and alarming at the same time—intense. I clutch at the front of his shirt and suddenly my bottom lip is between his teeth. I moan like the little closet whore that I am and let go of my inhibitions, there is no use trying to sprinkle water over a blaze this strong. I crash my mouth against his and suck his tongue into my mouth. My left leg rises up to curl around the back of his thigh to pull him closer to me. He grunts and rubs his jean covered hard on against my lower abdomen which turns me right the fuck on because I want it in my mouth. Either there, or lower down between my legs that currently want to spread like fucking peanut butter. What the fuck? How does he do that? I'm a virgin, a fucking prude and yet I'm more than ready to fuck Cullen right here in the hall at school. The crowd outside roars and I hear the announcer shout out that someone's made a touchdown. But all I comprehend is the fact that Cullen now has one of his hands grabbing my ass and the other is still in my hair. "Let's get out of here," he whispers against my lips. "If we don't leave now, I'm going to rip your panties off and fuck you right up against this wall," he's panting and rubbing and I'm hot and bothered and I want him everywhere. His words make my body shiver because I know he's not lying to me. His hand leaves my ass and I frown against his lips because I want it back, but then I feel the tips of his fingers teasing me in the hottest and wettest spot between my legs. "Oh fuck ," I cry out and it echoes in the empty hallway. My moaning just makes him grind into me harder and now we're both panting and biting and grabbing and stroking. His fingers go from feather light teases to forceful rubbing and I find that I want to do the same thing to him. So I do, I take one of my hands from his wild hair and slide it down his chest while we're still going at it crazily like two horny ass teenagers. He groans when my fingers tug at his belt and he pulls back a bit so that I can pull at it and then one of his fingers makes it way past my bloomers and my underwear and OH GOD! " Edward ," I exhale his name shakily and press my forehead into his shoulder. I shudder and rub myself against his finger harder and faster and then suddenly there's a loud sound that's coming from his back pocket. "Ignore it," he says against my mouth and tries to slip another finger but then there's a voice calling his name and I quickly shove him as far away from me as I can. My eyes dart around wildly in search of the owner of the voice and Cullen curses under his breath. "I'll be out in a minute!" he shouts down the hall. "Well hurry the fuck up! We just beat the shit out of Forks, man! Jake was fucking amazing out there! We're getting him wasted then we're getting him laid, he deserves it." Royce. My eyes widen when I realize that I've missed the whole second half of the fucking football game. Why the hell hadn't Rose come looking for me? I try to slip away, but Cullen's hand is on my wrist gripping me hard as he pulls me over to him. "Where are you going?" his eyes narrow at me. I scoff and brush my hair from my face, "Where do you think?" His face hardens. "I wasn't fucking around when I said I'd break his arm if he touches you again." I gulp and nod my head because right then all I want is to get the hell away from him and out of this hallway. He presses something small and solid into my hand and lifts my head with a finger under my chin, "I'm coming back for this," he says and then shoves his tongue in my mouth to kiss me breathless before he's off following the direction Royce was at. I take in a shaky breath and look down to see that he's given me his phone.