with Seth. Call me." I deleted the message, trying to push out the sound of fear in her voice and glancing at the time on my phone. 10:43. Seth was already watching me when I looked over, something I guess was common for him. "Everything okay?" he asked, an odd look on his face, like he knew something was up. I nodded, quickly standing and heading for the trees. "I need to go home." I didn't turn to see if he was following, I just knew he was. I didn't want to see the look he was probably giving me. The one silently asking for an explanation; the one that'd make me give an explanation. All of it. Eventually he ended up in front of me, leading the way a lot easier than I had, and took me home as fast as he could, but it still didn't seem fast enough. "Right here is good," I called over the noise and he slowed to a stop. We were a little ways away, but I didn't want my dad to see Seth. The trees should block us enough. "I can take you to your door, Maya." I shook my head, climbing off the bike and quickly snatching the helmet from my head. "It's fine. I'll be fine." I looked through the trees, seeing the old black pickup. Oh god. You knew this was coming. I did. "Thanks for that. It was nice." He gave a small smile, which was genuine, but his eyes were still curious and seemed a bit worried. Please don't ask me anything else. Please let me go. "No problem. And, hey, if you wanna-" I was rushing away already. "Just text it to me," I whispered loudly, trying to not draw attention to us. I took out my keys as I walked up the steps, glancing anxiously at the windows to see if he was watching already. Had he seen Seth? He's going to kill you. At least Marley will be asleep when it happens. I opened the door and it was pitch black inside. And too quiet. My heart was racing in my chest, but I shut the door anyways, not wanting Seth to see what was about to happen, since I'm positive he was still there. I stepped in a bit more, hesitant but ready to get this over with. Hands grabbed me immediately and I screamed, whipping around and clawing in front of me, fighting with everything I had. He isn't fighting back. Why isn't he fighting back? A voice registered to me and I came back to reality, seeing my step sister staring at me in shock. Hillary? "Dude, it's me!" I froze, backing up a little. "Hillary?" I said, echoing my thoughts. What the hell was she doing here? "Yes! Jeez, Maya, what's your problem? It was just a joke." "Where is dad?" "He left for his fishing trip earlier. He'll be back tomorrow night. Are you okay?" I nodded and walked towards the steps. "Just tired. I'm going to bed. Good night." I knew she was probably watching me in confusion, but I didn't feel like making up stories right now. There was a frantic knock on the door and I froze. "Maya? Are you okay?" Shit. Seth. I looked at Hillary and she raised an eyebrow. "Maya?" Hillary opened the door and I cursed under my breath. Seth stood there, eyes wide and frantically searching the room until they rested on me. Without warning, I was scooped up and he was looking and touching everywhere like I was a kid that fell and hurt themselves. What the hell? "Seth, hey, I'm fine. What are you doing?" He stopped, probably realizing how weird this all was, and stepped back a little. "I heard you scream. Are you okay?" He heard me? I didn't think I had been that loud. "Yeah, I'm fine. My sister just scared me." He then turned to Hillary, who waved, a small smirk on her face. Oh gosh. "Hi, I'm Hillary. Maya's step sister. And...you are?" 'Seth. I'm a...uh...friend of Maya's." She raised an eyebrow, her smile widening. "Really? Well, it's nice to meet you. Would you like to stay over a bit? I was just about heat up a plate. I cooked dinner, but Maya came home later than usual. I'm sure you're the reason why." "Yeah, sorry. I didn't know she had plans-" "Seth actually has to go. Right Seth? School tomorrow?" "Nonsense. Stay a bit. Just for an hour. Nothing too late." I shook my head, but I knew I would lose this battle. He's going to find out about this. I cleared my throat, shaking my head again. For once, I was going to listen to that voice. "Hillary, you know how dad is about people in the house." "Yeah, but dad is gone. Therefore, we're free to do as we please." "No." My voice had been harder than I thought it would be, the fear in it more than obvious, but it worked. Hillary looked at me, her smile gone, actually paying attention to me now. I glanced at Seth and noticed he'd been staring at the fresh hole in the wall. I closed my eyes, the image of the scene playing. The hole was centimeters from where my head had been when my dad had punched it, pieces of plaster hitting my face and sprinkling my clothes. I blinked it away and focused on Seth, who had turned to me now. "Seth, please go." And without a word, he walked out the front door. I heard the motorcycle start up almost seconds later, way shorter time period than I remember walking, then looked at Hillary before turning and going upstairs. I shut and locked my bedroom door before pressing my back against it and sliding down to the floor, having every intention of staying there. Ok, so RR, let me know how you guys like it. Any feedback is welcome .