neck, watching as the bruise-coloured clouds above my head opened themselves up before my eyes, sharp beams of light forcing themselves through. In line with the commencing sunniness, something inside of me, location inarticulable, was beginning to lighten and warm up as well. I felt...content. My belly was full of earlier's dinner concoction: veggie stroganoff. I had had a pretty good first day at Quileute Tribal High even though I'd had secret fears I would be excluded and nobody would like me. And now, I was in my favourite place in the world: outside. Back in Topeka, I'd easily gobbled up the arguably very gentle and tame hiking trails that Kansas had to offer; afterall, it hadn't earned the description 'flatter than a pancake' for nothing. And, as a largely flat state, it didn't have a lot to offer a girl with a heart in the shape of Mount Everest. It was an absolute dream of mine to ultimately be able to climb the most challenging ascent on earth. Something about pushing yourself to the absolute max, pushing the boundaries of your comfort zone, conquering something you'd always been convinced you couldn't. It took being in control to a whole new level, and I loved that. Autumn was a loud voice in the sky as I jumped the fence that separated the main road from the country road commencement. I squinted the sun out of my eyes as bright gold hands of light painted the brush I pushed aside the happiest shade of green on earth. Then the bush moved back into place behind me as I entered the forest, and I was cocooned in a tunnel of dimness and coolness. As my hiking boots crunched on the leaves underfoot, I turned my head in vain and tried to seek out the cicadas who were singing loud and with abandon. When I was little and my dad would take me on baby trails, I used to pretend that the cicadas were trying to tell us secrets, and I would close my eyes, breathe in, and imagine what sort of things they'd confide in me. As it was my first bushwhacking expedition in La Push, I'd brought along a regional map, but I held it between my hands in a reluctant way as I walked along. I didn't really like bringing along maps while hiking. Sure, I understood that it had a purpose and a function, and it was indeed much safer to always keep a map hands, but I felt ridiculous carrying around a 2D signifier of the world around me when I could just...look around me. My favourite park of hiking was the sense of exploration. That was why, as I came to the end of the footpath through the forest, I folded the map back up again and zipped it away in my rucksack. My pace quickened in excitement, and the only sound before I emerged from the mouth of the forest was the steady puff of my own breathing, and the squawk of birds in the obscurity of the trees. And there it was. First Beach. It was about 8:15pm, and the back of the sea roared to itself in massive, turbulent, unreasonable waves before flattening with relief as they melted against the sand, becoming nearly nothing but wet scope along the sand before rearing back and doing it all again. The sky was alive - golden, and roaring, beginning with the stone of the sun deep in the sky, illuminating everything around me with the most beautiful deep yellow hue all I could do was stand there and be amazed. To my left, a seastack stood supporting birds dancing on the surface of it. I walked forwards slowly. The wind whipped against my cheeks and my eyes watered instinctively. I cast a look around me, but I was the only figure in sight. I slipped off my shoes, and then my socks, and stepped with bare feet onto the sand, wriggling my toes. After bending down to roll up my cargo pants, I slowly walked towards the shore. The water rolled towards me and swarmed past my feet and I watched as the foam at the mouth of the waves dissolved into a calm, quiet nothing. I shut my eyes and felt the ocean in its uninhibited fullness, all around me. Like this, I felt so small. I don't know how long I stayed there. Maybe an hour, maybe two. All I knew was that a howl tore through the otherwise calm surrounding of the sea, and when I whipped my head around, thinking, " did I really just hear…?" the only lightness in the sky was deep in the horizon and as slim as a crescent moon. My watch read 10:02pm. Shit! How had I lost track of time so badly? I'd told dad I'd be back no later than 9! The dark thicket crunched and crackled as I ran through the dark-obscured footpath, and where before the cicadas sand a pleasant, familiar song, now the owls twitted above me where I couldn't see them, and the sound seemed full of foreboding and the promise of something that belonged exclusively to the night. Could that really have been the howl of a wolf I'd heard? A wolf? In La Push? The significant amount of research I'd done about the area my father and I now called our home hadn't yielded anything about wolves. Maybe it wasn't a wolf I'd heard. Maybe it was some creature native to the area that sounded like a wolf but was actually… As though the mystery of La Push could hear my thoughts, I heard another howl. Loud and undeniable. Aggressive. Heart pounding, I amped up my frantic walk to a run. I didn't stop running until I reached home. What do you guys think? Are you intrigued, bored, excited, confused? Do you want to read more? Please tell me because I would love to know! Much love to you.