a gray Volvo that was parked a little too close to the line. I moved to the first building labeled A and made my way up the stairs. The weather had cleared but still had a gray overtone. I left my hood up and stared at the map. "Do you need help?" A small voice asked and I turned around. A petite girl with glasses looked at me from the end of the stairs. I shrugged. "Sure." I held out my class schedule. She came closer and took the schedule. "Okay you have English first period with me so I can show you." I followed her down the hallway and passed a series of doors. "Here it is." She pushed the door and the class was almost empty. "You can sit next to me the seat is empty." She set herself in the desk and I sat next to her. "What's your name?" "Isabella." I said and pulled out my notebook. "Most people call me Bella." I looked at her and she nodded politely. She pulled the long sleeves of her shirt over her hands. "Angela. No nickname." She laughed quietly and more students entered the room. I took off my jacket and checked to make sure my hair wasn't frizzy. Class started and I lost track of time. My mind was not focused on grammar rules and sentence indentions. The teacher's voice was droning on and I thought it would never end. I watched Angela take notes and seem genuinely interested in the class. I yawned and wanted to go back to sleep. I couldn't sleep all night because of the stupid rain. Finally the bell rang. I floated through two more classes before lunch. I stopped by my locker. It was a combination locker so I looked at the class schedule and found the combination. I put it in and pulled the lever but it didn't open. Great . I tried two more times and Angela appeared next to me. "That locker never worked. It looks like you got unlucky." She quipped and I raised my eyebrow. Perfect omen. "Yup that's me unlucky." I muttered and when Angela looked at a boy going down the hall I pulled the handle hard. The locker croaked open and Angela popped her mouth open. "Wow I guess your luck is changing." She smiled and I half smiled back. Yes it also helped to have super strength just for these types of circumstances. We walked to a table near the salad buffet. There was another girl already sitting at the table. She had reddish brown hair and looked tiny. She was doodling in her notebook. She looked up when we came to the table. She bounced up. "Hi I'm Jessica you must be Bella." A tiny ball of energy. "Yeah that's me." I stated and sat down. I took an apple out of my lunch bag and half a turkey sandwich. "Don't you think we should have a featurette in the yearbook for the academic clubs?" Angela asked and Jessica nodded enthusiastically. They both talked about the pros and cons of featurettes and I just nodded along. I ate my sandwich quietly. I wasn't sure how to be around other girls. My best friend in Arizona was Eric. He didn't really say much either and we got along well. He was funny and smart. I still remember his affection for Batman and poker. I put my sandwich down swallowing the lump in my throat. "So what do you think Bella?" Jessica turned to me and I shrugged my shoulders. I had no idea what she was talking about. Suddenly a tingling sensation came over my hands. I smelled a frosty scent coming from the door. My eyes opened in alarm. I reached for my backpack and held it in my lap. The door opened and the undead walked in. I took in a deep breath ready for the attack. But the undead walked slowly and methodically. The girl and boy looked to be my age and in current clothes. I was confused. "I know they are too hot right?" Jessica saw my reaction and confused it for envy. I followed the dead with my trained eyes ready to protect. The boy and girl walked past me and straight to a table by the wall. They sat and stared at one another. What is wrong with them? "That's Rosalie and Emmett. They live together but they are dating. Weird right." Jessica took a bite of her carrot and dipped it in ranch. Another boy and girl came in with the fresh scent of peppermint. The girl was twirling but the boy seemed not in total control. His eyes darted too much. I reached into the backpack and put my hands around the stake. "That's Alice and Jasper they also live with Rosalie and Emmett. They are all couples so strange. Dr. Cullen and Mrs. Cullen adopted them and they just moved here from Alaska." Jessica was a good gossip she knew everything about everyone. I didn't like the way Jasper was looking at a table of girls. His eyes seemed to be in pain. I quickly looked away. I didn't want to cause a scene. I was in turmoil. How could these undead be around the living? They didn't seem to be threatening in fact they seemed bored going through the motions. The door opened and a scent of peppermint mixed with pine overcame my senses. I turned and saw a young boy with reddish brown hair and dark eyes. He looked different than the others guarded. He walked with his hands in his pockets and a smirk on his face. He was deadly and beautiful. He walked past our table and to his family. "That's Edward Cullen completely hot but totally off limits." Jessica huffed. I didn't know what to do. I couldn't let these undead live I would have to find them after school and kill them one way or another.