out here with her, the ocean brought this sense of sentimentality to her. She knew it wasn't healthy to make your self sad, but she couldn't control what she felt when she looked at the ocean. It was both blissful yet saddening to her. she couldn't explain why, it just was. The ocean to her was like one of those songs, the ones that have an up tune beat but deep lyrics that hit you in your feels. One of those songs that brought both happiness but sadness to the listener. The song that replayed good memories but depressing memories all together. "Hey Grace," Michael and Joel sat down, one on each of side of her. "Are you feeling that weird happy, sad vibe you always feel when you look at the ocean?" "You know me so well," Graciella let out a small chuckle. Michael wrapped an arm over her shoulders, "I'm telling you Graciella, you need some dick in your life. You need some soon." "How does dick have to do with anything of this?" she shoved his arm off. Michael shrugged, Joel was the one to speak. "Dick is life." Joel sighed, "Dick is everything!" he shouted. "Maybe to you, but not to me," Graciella shook her head at him. Joel easily brushed her off, "That's cus you haven't had any yet, love." It was true, she was still a virgin, with no sexual experience either. Hell, Grace hadn't even had her first kiss yet. It didn't bother her, she didn't care about stuff like that. Well okay, she did care, a little. Either way, Grace was waiting for the right guy. She wasn't like Michael and Joel, constantly hooking up. Yes, her best friends were a bunch of hoes, but hey, she wasn't judging them. It's not like they fucked anything with a pair of legs, no. They were careful of who they were intimate with, they just weren't on the whole relationship idea yet. They claimed they didn't want to be tied down to someone yet. Graciella supported them, because why be in a relationship if you're just gonna be in it for the sex? Why be in a relationship if you're not gonna be happy? Or faithful? Might as well not be in one and hook up every once in a while. "Whatever," she rolled my eyes. "Miel, I'm worried about Paul." Miel was her ship name for Michael and Joel. They've never been like that with each other but Graciella still shipped them. Any girl would ship her two best friends together if they saw the way Michael and Joel looked each other sometimes. It was so cute to Graciella because they denied any chemistry between them, but she saw it. Also, miel meant honey in Spanish, and that was just too cute as well! A tint of pink was apparent on both of their cheeks at the mention of 'miel', they would never admit it, of course, but she knew they secretly liked it when she called them that. "What did Paulie do this time?" Michael asked, avoiding eye contact with Joel. Graciella sighed, "We got into another fight today." she admitted. "he said some messed up shit to me. I don't know when this constant battle between us will end. I try to be his friend but he tells me to go fuck myself. He hurts me so much..." Graciella trailed off. "He's a fucking asshole that I will gladly beat up for you." Joel snarled, his fingers were drawing doodles on the sand. "He's going through one of those shitty teenage phases. Where you treat the ones who matter like shit and you pick your new, piece of shit friends over them." She didn't say anything, keeping her gaze on the water. "Joel's right, Gracie. Paul is being a dumbass. It'll pass over time." "What if it doesn't Mikey? What if this Paul is here forever?" "Then, we'll kidnap you and hide you in our closets." Michael wrapped his arm over her shoulder again, this time Graciella didn't shove it off. "Right Joel?" "Right Mikey," Joel also wrapped his arm around her, his laying on top of Michael's, "Then when you're ready, you can come out of the closet!" "I'm not gay!" she cried out, laughing, "You buttholes! I'm being serious right now!" "Okay, okay. You can hide under my bed then." Michael suggested. "Hey, then you can be friends with the monster that's under your bed!" Joel sang, they both sprang into song, singing awful and very loud. "Ew, shut up! My ears are gonna bled! Don't do Riri like that!" covering her ears with her palms, Graciella tried to block out their horrendous singing. They both laughed, "Your singing voice sounds like a dying dinosaur, so don't say shit to us!" "Whatever you nuggets." Joel's laughter died down, a serious expression on his face. "We're no Batman or Ironman. We don't have amazing superpowers that can save you. But we do have love, support, and a friendship to offer you. You know you can count on us, for anything." "We can't always be there to protect you from you're shitbag of a brother. But we'll be there as often as we can, ready to defend and whoop his ass for you. We promise." Michael added. Her heart fluttered at their words, tears were forming again, but this time they were tears of gratitude and love, Graciella felt beyond lucky to have Michael and Joel. "I love you guys." she wrapped her arms around them and pulled them in for a very awkward positioned hug. Hello! I don't know if anyone is reading this but if you are then wassup? Lol well I had already uploaded chapter one but I made some changes and I liked this outcome much better than the first. So uh, yeah please don't hesitate to review and stuff. Constructive criticism is accepted just don't be too much of an asshole. (: have a lovely day!