up on shaking legs and saw him stop. He looked at me, trying to communicate without words but I couldn't bear it any longer. I couldn't bear to see him struggling neither seeing the finality of the situation. I shook my head, tears trickling down my face, I didn't want him comforting me, and I just wanted to curl up somewhere. The person I trusted most would be breaking it. I understood why he would be doing it but it didn't make the heartbreak any better. I spun around and ran, clutching my chest as I felt the hollow ache in there. The scene blurred in front of me because of my tears but I couldn't stop or wipe them away because I just wanted to get away from all this. As I saw the last time behind me, I saw Jacob crouching on the ground, his hands covering his face. I saw the girls making their way toward him, probably to ask him if he was alright. The day it will end for me, will be starting of a new relationship. I didn't know how I got back to my house, everything was just a blur. The only thing running in my mind was 'Not again'. Because I could not live through it all again. The rain had started half way through my home and I didn't care when I stepped out into it and felt myself get wet. It didn't matter because I was numb and I didn't want to feel anything either. I stood in front of the house, staring at it. It was all coming back, the numbness was going away as things registered in my head. I shivered as I felt cold. No one was there with their werewolf heated body to get me warm. My heart was broken and no one was there with their sunny smile to make me feel happy. I was lonely and the person who loved me was so far away now that the emptiness ached. Edward and Jacob. Both revolved inside my mind, no name gave me comfort, it just made me want to curl up and die. My safe harbour had become another storm for me to face. Light spilled in front of me as the front door opened and Charlie saw me. He would be seeing his daughter broken again. I didn't know how he would cope with that. He came out and rushed toward me. He called my name but I couldn't answer. Thankfully darkness was seeping around me and after a moment I drowned in it. As I came to, I knew that I didn't want to face the world. I couldn't remember because of the haze that was surrounding me but I knew that it was disastrous and something that I wouldn't be able to bear. I blearily opened my eyes and saw the ceiling overhead, it registered in my mind that it was night time. I got up slowly and saw that I was in the same clothes in which I had gone to school. They were dry but I remembered being in the rain. I struggled to remember why I was there and slowly the information came. My hand went to my chest and I started crying because I felt like there was nothing else to do. I remembered that I had a history assignment that I would have to submit tomorrow and I went to my desk, sobbing and throwing aside things to get to my books, I cried as I wrote in my notebook, the tears dropping on my notebook and ruining it. The only thoughts that I tried to think about was history but that didn't stop me from crying because it was unbearable but I have to live but there was nothing to live for. If I could find a reason like history assignment to continue my existence then I would. That's how Charlie found me, doing homework while sobbing. He came to my desk and tried to make me stop. "Bella, listen to me. Stop crying." He said, he was never very good at comforting. He made me face him and hugged me. "I can't." I sobbed. "I can't go through that, Dad. I will die. Why did this happen, why?" "Bells, I'll make him pay, I promise." He said his voice hard. I recoiled in horror. "No Dad, it's not his fault. Jake didn't do anything. It was just…" I trailed. How can I make him understand that it was the universe that was to blame? "I've already talked to Billy and I know who I am going to blame. I was so happy when you got together with Jacob but I didn't know that he would also turn out like that Edward. I'm sorry Bella. I couldn't protect you from anyone." He looked at me with anguish in his eyes and I hugged him again. He shouldn't feel like that, if I would have been stronger from the starting, he wouldn't have to see it. I didn't want him to worry. I had to be strong and face it if I wanted to see him happy so I wiped my face and put a determined mask on my face. "I will be alright Dad. You don't have to worry about me." He looked at me, I think he knew what I was trying but he still nodded, kissed my forehead and with a last look got out of my room. As he closed my door, the tears came again and I stared at my assignment. I was in my own world of anguish and did not care for whatever was happening around me, so I startled as I felt a cold hard hand close over my mouth and as a musical voice said in my ear. "Be silent or your Dad would have to suffer too." It was Victoria. If you liked it, please review. It helps me get more creative. Seriously. Criticism is appreciated.