ear, making me shiver. "Isabella Swan. Bella." I croaked out. "Victoria enough." James commanded. Victoria stop drinking from Phil and looked up at me. Her lips, chin and neck were covered in Phil's blood. I started getting dizzy, just by the sight. I've never been good with blood. She smiled evilly at me. Phil started to shake violently, like he was in pain. What on earth has she done to him? God please let him be ok. "Now look what you did. If you just told me your name to begin with, your father would have survived longer" James said to me. "Mmm, he's yummy." Victoria cooed, stroking Phil's face. "Leave him alone." I said to her. "Why would I want to listen to a weak human like you?" she sneered at me. Human? Why did she make it seem like she wasn't? Everything came to me at once. The speed. The Strenght. The coldness. The red eyes. Drinking blood. I've read enough un my life to understand these? My eyes widened, when one word came to mind. Vampire! No they couldn't be! Could they? No! They don't exist! Do they? "Looks like someone's figured out what we are." Laurent announced, quiet laughing. NO! They can't be. My mind screamed. "So it would seem." James replied, as he walked around and stood in front of me. He took my face in his hands and titled my head towards him. "Do you know what happens to a human that finds out what were are?" he asked me. I shook my head no. "They'd get killed or turned," he said. Not understanding what he meant by turned, I stared at him blankly. He chuckled and explained. "You would be turned into a vampire". I froze, terrified. No he wouldn't. Would he? My mother somehow got the gag off her mouth and started shouting for help. "Laurent, shut her up." Victoria demanded him, still having a hold of Phil who was still moaning in pain. Laurent moved to fast for me to see and covered my mom's mouth. "No, leave her alone. Get away from her." I yelled, as I tired to shake my face from James grasp. I started to panic. Praying they would leave her alone. I could see the fear in her eyes. James put his hand on my mouth to stop my yelling and lean towards me. "I like your spirit little one. I've always wanted a pet." James cooed at me. I frowned at him. Pet? How did he think he is? James just laughed at me and patted my head. "Now, Bella, you have two choices. One, you come with us, become what we are and we'll leave your parents alive. Or you can die tonight, slowly along with your parents. Your choice. "James, what the hell are you up to? Why would even think about changing her?" Victoria hissed angrily at him. "Now, now Victoria. No reason to get angry," he purred to her, then turned his attention back to me, "Make your choice, Isabella." My mind was made up the second he said he would let them live. I looked into my mother eyes, pleading with her to understand. I didn't want them to suffer. If I had to be with James and the others, then I would as long as my mother and Phil go free. "I'll come with you. Please just leave them alone" I whispered. "Good girl." James said as he walked towards my mother and Laurent, who still had a hold of her. "Wonder if you taste as good as you smell." he said to her. Victoria snapped Phil's neck and walked toward my mother. "You said you would let them live." I screamed at him. I struggled trying to free myself, even though there was nothing I could do to stop him. The wire wrapped around my arm loosened. "And remember what I said happens to people who know what we are?" he smirked, making me stop my movements. His words from earlier played in my head. They'd get killed or turned. Killed! He wasn't planning on letting them go. Just making me promise to go with them. I watched helplessly as they descended on my mother and drank from her. Her screams were deafing. Then everything went silent. I'll never forget the look of her eyes again. I made a promise to myself that I will never let these monster see how much pain they have cause me. The wire fell from my arms and since my feet weren't tied, I got up as fast as I could and ran toward the door. I almost made it before I trip over my own feet and came crashing down hard. I hit my head on a floor hard. Blood started seeping from the wound in my head. I started getting dizzy, black spots in my vision. I pretty sure that my wrist it broken, from trying to catch my fall. I heard laughter behind me. "Well, that was the was the worst escape attempt I have ever seen." Laurent laughed. I turned over, so I was lying on my back. I clutched my arm to my chest as it started to throb, yet I did not scream. I watched, James slowly walked towards me like a predator ready to catch it prey. He leaned down and straddled my waist, grabbing my collar of my coat and pulling me up. He had a twinkle of excitement in his eyes as he lowered his mouth to my ear, "You'll never get away for us. You'll will stay with us forever. If you run, I will always find you. You belong to me." he whispered. I felt his teeth on my neck before he pierce my skin. Breaking the promise I made to myself I screamed loudly and tried to move away, but it was hopeless. As soon as he removed his teeth, the pain started. Thankfully everything went dark. ... Review. Review.:D