obviously hurting. I kept my hand on it anyway, trying to make a point that I could cause him a lot of pain, but I wasn't going to. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to start that again," I told him quietly. He tried to pull his hand out from under mine. "It doesn't matter." "Yes it does; I shouldn't have said that." "And I shouldn't have mentioned it. I know your opinion on that topic." I winced as I remember the amount of insults, abuse and downright bullying I'd given him last time he was brave enough to broach the subject. "I'm sorry, Carlisle. You know I'm bad at this-" "It doesn't matter, Alistair. We have to leave soon anyway." "You only just got here," I whined, suddenly wishing for last night all over again. "You can't leave." "Maybe it's for the better. We're only going to fight." His words knocked all the fight out of me and I dropped my hands to my side, freeing him. "Fine," I mumbled. "Good bye then." He nodded, just watching me as I made for the door, fighting tears again. I missed him already. When I came back to the house the Cullens were gone. More specifically Carlisle was gone. "What happened with you two?" Garrett asked carefully, coming to stand next to me. "I don't know," I told him. "He's difficult." He chuckled. "I thought you said you missed him," he teased. "And then I saw him again. Now I don't," I lied. He obviously didn't believe me. I sighed. "I need to move again, Garrett, but thank you for letting me stay with you. And for…everything else. Can you tell Tanya too?" "Of course." He smiled, hugging me briefly before going up the stairs. "But you'd better call Carlisle like you promised. He needs you. You're the only one he trusts like that and he's going through some shit at the moment." I nodded, making for the door, hiding that I was rolling my eyes. Three months later my missing Carlisle began to turn into an acute dislike. He wouldn't talk to me very long, was always distracted as hell and sometimes refused to answer my calls. Screw him. "Randall," I muttered, finally finding the nomad I had been stalking for weeks. "Alistair," he said in surprise. "I need a drink. Interested?" I grumbled. "Actually, I've just been hunting…but I'll come with you if you want…" he looked a little confused. "Of the alcoholic kind," I clarified. He grinned. "In that case, sure." I trudged past him, knowing he would follow me, and headed for the bar. Two hours later I was so drunk I was almost falling from my stool, however Randall was almost completely sober. "What's gotten you to this state so quickly?" he teased lightly. "Carlisle Cullen," I slurred. "He's an asshole." As I said it, my phone rang. As I looked down and saw the name, I pressed ignore. If he wasn't going to talk to me when I wanted, I wouldn't talk to him at all. "I've been telling you that for years," he smirked. "He's so fucking…He just doesn't understand anything. Like he's got this thing about his father. 'My father abused me so I'm never going to set foot in England again because I'm a FUCKING COWARD!" I mocked him, smashing my glass in the process. "I mean so what? Who gives a fuck? You dad hurt you when you were a child? Good. You were probably a terrible child. Deserved it." I leaned forward toward him. "He killed his own mother, you know. She died giving birth to him. Still fucks him up to this day. It's bloody ridiculous." I laughed, unable to help myself. "Aro kicked him out of the Volturi because he was too little. His stupid vegetarian shit doesn't let him put on weight, but of course he's never told Esme this." I sipped my drink. "Come to think of it, his marriage is a sham. She doesn't love him; there's no way in hell she does!" I gritted my teeth, anger fuelled by alcohol swelling within me. "Whiney fucking asshole. I hate him! I'll be damn glad if I never have to speak to him again! Stupid fucking-" I stopped talking when my phone beeped. I glanced down at it. Slowly realisation settled over me; I hadn't pressed ignore, I'd pressed answer. Shit . He'd heard everything. I was suddenly nauseous and very dizzy, vaguely recognising I was falling. I awoke in a pool of my own vomit with a pounding headache. The fact I had to clean myself up was new; last time this happened when I woke up I was in a clean change of clothes being handed coffee and Disprin. By Carlisle. Crap. Carlisle . I fumbled to find my phone, ripping it out of my pocket and quickly finding his number. "Carlisle, I'm so, so sorry, I didn't mean any of it," I cried when it hit the answer machine. "Please answer your phone." Throughout the day I repeated the same call and plea, hoping against hope that he might pick it up. He didn't, and I wanted to cry every time I fail. So I did the next best thing I could think of; call Garrett. "Alistair?" he asked as he answered, sounding a little bewildered. "Yes. Garrett I need you to do me a favour…" "Um, okay," he agreed hesitantly. "I need you to get Carlisle to answer his phone," I told him quickly. "Please? I fucked up really bad and I hurt him and he wont pick up and I really, really need to apologise." "You're grovelling to Carlisle," he chuckled. " Please , Garrett. I'm begging you." He sighed. "Okay, fine." "Thank you," I sighed. "Thank you so much." "I don't know what you've done, but you better fix it," he grumbled before hanging up. I almost cried in relief when my phone rang and his mumbled light up the screen.