do anything for a dance with you." I replied. "It had been a long time since I could play the role of a woman who could manipulate men from just my eyes." Esme said, remembering her younger days. "We are having as much fun as you." I replied to her. Rest of the dance we stayed silent and kept moving at the rhythm of the music. Renesmee was playing piano very efficiently and I decided to reward her with her own piano. She deserved it after her performance today. The rest of the evening went like this, we danced with different partners and Carlisle watched and in between breaks, he would make an offer to one of us. The attempts were so ridiculous sometimes that I just wanted to give her the opportunity but I just let him try. I knew in the end he would succeed. It would be worth to see who would give in. It was slightly unsurprising to see when it was Jacob's turn with Esme, Carlisle stepped up to her while Jacob gave her a sheepish smile. She smiled toward him and took Carlisle's offered hand. I looked in Jacob's mind to see what had been offered to him and rolled my eyes at him. A garage to build his cars, he was so easy sometimes. Alice gave us a signal and slowly we all retreated out of the house. Before we went, we switched off all the bright lights and switched on all the lightly blue tinted lights, giving a glowing presence to both. We didn't disturb them and they didn't acknowledge us. They just looked at each other while they danced, even when the music stopped as we took Renesmee with us. We all headed toward our cottage, all of our change of clothes was there. I could hear Renesmee's excitement now. She had also planned a gift for her mother. I smiled at the enthusiasm in her thoughts and the gift itself. I knew that Bella would love it. It was later when we had changed into more comfortable clothes and I had thrust the costume in the deepest trunk I found when Renesmee gave her gift to Bella. She took her to an unused room that was an extension to the cottage. There standing in the middle of room was a projector. "What's going on Renesmee?" Bella asked, her eyes blindfolded. "Mamma, this is your surprise." She replied. She switched the projector on and soon the room was filled with universe. It projected galaxies, asteroids and constellation all over the room. The sight was so beautiful that I forgot to breathe just for a second. "It's so beautiful." Bella said echoing my thoughts when Renesmee took the blindfold from her eyes. "Dad told me that you told him that you liked seeing stars when you lived in Phoenix. I can't bring the stars but it's as close as it gets." She said, smiling sheepishly. "It's more than anything. I love this and I love you Renesmee." Bella replied, her voice sounded thick as if she could, she would cry. "Mamma, can I also give my gift to Aunt Rosalie because she takes care of me as her daughter." Renesmee asked her voice small. "Of course Renesmee, she deserves it as much as I deserve this." Bella said, obviously overwhelmed. I saw in her mind about which gift she was talking about. It seemed like a trip to somewhere, just two of them as mother daughter. I was proud of Renesmee; she was such a generous child even at such a young age. She always took care to involve Rosalie when it comes to these matters. She knew that Rosalie saw her as her own child and had protected her as one too. Bella had no qualm about sharing; Rosalie had helped her when I hadn't. They had formed a bond that could not break now. When we were alone, I looked at Bella. She was watching the constellations and tracing them with her own finger even if she couldn't touch them. I asked her what I had been meaning to ask her since the evening had started. "What's wrong, love?" She looked at me, a silent war waging inside of her. It looked like she didn't want to tell me but at last she slumped slightly. "I was missing Renee'" She said. Oh, I thought. In a second I had her in my arms. How could I have forgotten that today she would also be remembering her mother? I was so selfish sometimes. I held her as she stayed silent yet I knew if she were human, she would have been quite broken and crying. "What do you think about a trip?" I asked her. "Edward, the volturi." She said, dejected. "We can change your appearance Bella. You can meet her as a stranger. I know that it will be difficult but sometimes we had to make do with little things." I said, warming up to the idea. "I can talk to my mother?" She asked in an unsure voice. "Yes, there are always ways. I just want you to be happy." I said. "Oh Edward, thank you. Thank you so much for this. I just want to see her and talk to her. I miss her so much." She said, in a voice that hardly contained her joy. "Now that is cleared up. Would you like a dance with me?" I asked her, extending my hand. "Yes" She replied and we danced in the middle of our own personal universe. I smiled as I thought about all the mothers in our family being happy and for a moment I remembered my own mother, the intelligent green eyes that I sometimes remembered. I remembered her selfless act even in the mid of her own death. I closed my eyes and pictured the face that was hazy to me. Happy mother's Day, mother, I thought silently. Read and Review, criticism is appreciated.