boots outside. I'd forgotten how quickly Winter was Coming. I dropped my bags at my feet and pulled out my battered silver key from my backpack. He'd better not have changed the locks. I sighed in relief when the key went in effortlessly and the door swung open. I stepped inside and went for the light switch. I flicked it on and was momentarily blinded by the flash. Sometime later, after I'd hounded some Fruity Pebbles and granola in the kitchen and scoped out the house for any new changes- there weren't many despite my Dad having a girlfriend now, I found myself upstairs standing in front of the door to my old room. I felt a scowl on my face as I turned the handle. Would he have kept it the same as he did the rest of the house? The door slowly creaked open and I let out a relieved sigh. It was still in the same shape I left it in two years prior. The bed was set in the center with a four-panel window on either side. And posters of my favorite movies and music bands were plastered across the blue walls. I looked around, half of them I didn't like anymore. My old guitar was left abandoned in the farthest corner of the room, just minding its own business and gathering dust. I wondered if it was still in good shape to play, heck or if I still remembered how to play. I walked over to the bed and began the process of unpacking some essentials. School was tomorrow and I needed to prepare. I'd be attending Forks High School even though the semester was already a week underway here. And despite not knowing anyone, I was actually looking forward to a new school; it was a fresh start. The high school I went to back home was fine for the most part, I just wasn't a fan of the mobs of idiot jocks and superficial girls that congregated at every turn; the stereotypes were strong there. I hoped things were different here. Once I'd arranged some clothes into my closet I noticed some papers on my nightstand; they were colorful and filled with text. They were my schedule and syllabus' for all my classes. Dad was in charge of signing me up for classes since my arrival here was last minute and I wouldn't be able to do so myself. I looked over the papers, curious at what he'd registered me for, and found a yellow one with all my periods. English was first, followed by U.S. History, then P.E., Creative Writing, Biology ll at fifth and last was Trigonometry. A standard schedule, though I was surprised he signed me up for Creative Writing. I used to write simple stories when I was bored and didn't have anyone to play with as a kid. It was nice that he remembered that, but that was ages ago, I didn't practice with the pen anymore, not since they'd gotten a divorce… now that I thought about it, a lot of things lost their appeal once my parents drifted apart. My eyes fell on my old guitar laying lonely and quiet at the corner… but I really didn't want to travel down that road right now. That night I dreamt of nothing. I awoke the next morning trembling in my blankets. It was still dark out, so I clumsily snatched my phone next to me to check the time. 5:37 a.m. My brain slowly processed the two hours difference until school started. Okay, so I could still sleep in some more, but why was it so cold? My windows weren't even open. I could see long puffs of smoke coming out of my nose; something I wasn't used to experiencing in September coming from California. The heater just must be off. I sat up and threw my legs over the bed. The frigid air didn't waste any time in encircling me and pushed against my bare skin, making me feel its heavy hands everywhere my skin was exposed. I walked out of my room, past the hall and down the stairs to the thermostat; the heater was off. I pressed a slightly shaky finger to turn it on. *creak* There was a soft creak coming from the top of the stairs. My head snapped to its direction. A woman in a night gown was tentatively coming down the stairs. I couldn't exactly see her face in the darkness, but I could make out her messy hair from the faint light coming from the window behind her. She looked at me and froze on the spot. This had to be my Dad's girlfriend; I'd never seen her before. He'd never sent me a picture, not that I asked for one in his defense. "Hi" I said, embarrassed that our first meeting had to be with me standing in my boxers. "Oh, I thought you were Dave." She burst suddenly, the embarrassment clear in her voice too. "You're William, right?" "Yeah" I responded. She took a step backward and missed the stair, so her ass went tumbling down the flight. She banged her head on the railing several times before landing at the bottom of the stairs in a sad heap of tangled limps. I groaned in disappointment. I didn't have time to deal with this, school was starting soon and I needed my beauty sleep. Screw this! I stepped over her unconscious body and made a beeline to my room. The cold air in the room had dissipated and was replaced with comfortable warmth. AN: So that was chapter one. I hope it made you laugh at one point or another. The next chapter will see Will at Forks High, where he'll meet all the Twilight characters including the mysterious Cullens! And that's where the fun really gets started. Haha please feel free to leave any comments or questions. Chapter two will be published soon. Thanks for reading!