transition out of his teenage boyhood, Emmett looked like a man. A handsome man. An ungodly perfectly handsome man. An ungodly perfectly handsome man that was looking at her. Shit! Alaina quickly ducked her head, her eyes wide while her heart raced uncomfortably in her chest. Angela laughed and rested her hand gently on Alaina's shoulder. "Don't worry. You'll get used to them. They mostly stick to themselves anyways." Alaina smiled shakily, a blush of her own flooding her cheeks at having been caught so obviously staring. "Have you had any chance to explore Forks yet?" Bella abruptly asked. Alaina looked over in gratitude at the change of subject, suspecting that she wasn't the only one that was eager to talk about something other than the Cullens. "Um… Not really. We really only just moved here." "Hey! You should totally come with us to La Push," Mike blurt out, causing Bella and Alaina to jump. "La Push?" "La Push, baby!" Eric said excitedly. "It's a beach a while away from Forks. The waves are wicked this time of year. You should totally come with!" Alaina suddenly felt a little uncomfortable. Eric and Mike were looking at her in thinly veiled excitement, and Ben was nodding enthusiastically. "I actually don't-" Bella cleared her throat, glancing at Alaina with an almost desperate look in her eye. The message was clear. Please come. Please don't make be go to this thing with them by myself. Alaina didn't know if it was because of a strange sense of camaraderie due to being the other new girl, or because she actually genuinely liked the girl, but Alaina found herself nodding, forcing her lips into a gracious smile. "OK. Yeah. That sounds fun." Alaina had to quell the giggle in her throat when Bella's shoulders dropped in a sigh of relief, mouthing thank you when she glanced up with a smile. The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch and the boys at the table all groaned as they rose and started making their way to the exit. Alaina frowned. In all of the excitement she had barely touched her lunch. Bella took her time packing up her things, lingering behind as she waited for Alaina to do the same. "What do you have next?" the brunette enquired as they made their way into the bustling hallways. Jessica and Angela were walking slightly ahead of them. The boys were already long gone. "Um…" Alaina pulled her schedule out of her pocket and scanned the page. "Biology with Mr. Banner." "Nice. Same." Bella said, her face lighting up. "I'm sure you're still figuring your way around, so I'll show you the fastest route." "Yeah… Thanks", Alain replied shyly. "Hey, I was new about two months ago. I know what it's like being the shiny new toy. They mean well…", Bella trailed off with a shrug. "Yeah. Everyone has been really nice so far. It's just...different." "I know what you mean. When I first got here, it felt like I was the only normal one here, you know?" "Yeah. I really do." Alaina laughed. "How long ago did you move here?" "Oh… Five weeks, 6 days and... 22 hours?" Bella shrugged. "I'm practically a native." Alaina laughed. "So… Now that you're a Forks High veteran, are you still the only normal one?" Bella scrunched her face up in thought. "I think I might be. Yes." Again, Alaina laughed. Bella was… well she was actually pretty cool. Out of everyone she had met thus far, Bella was probably the one Alaina felt most likely to be actual friends with. Her and maybe Angela. Jessica and the boys? Not so much. The girls walked in amicable silence, slowing as they approached a classroom number that Alaina recognized from her schedule. Alaina smiled at Bella as the brunette gestured for her to go through first. She quickly scanned the room, only for her eyes to skitter to a stop when she spotted a pair of familiar golden eyes staring at her curiously from a seat towards the back of the room. This one must be Edward, the 'tortured model'. The description was actually pretty accurate. His hair was longer than she was used to seeing on most boys, and styled in a manner that looked as though he had just crawled out of bed, but meticulously enough to be anything but an accident. Like his siblings, he was unearthly beautiful and he definitely looked like he belonged more on a runway in Milan than sitting in the back of a dingy classroom in a tiny blip of a town on the west coast. Alaina felt Bella approaching her from behind and the boys eyes immediately shifted, fixing on the brunette behind her with an almost shocking intensity. Alaina glanced behind her and noticed that Bella was staring right back, her cheeks coloring again with another blush. OK. There was definitely more to this story. "Alaina!" Alaina ripped her eyes from Bella's intense staring contest and looked around the room. Mike was waving her over enthusiastically, gesturing to the empty seat next to him. She felt her stomach drop when she noticed that the only other vacant spot was next to the Cullen, and she instinctively knew that she should leave that to Bella. "Seats everyone!" Mr. Banner called out. He was a portly man that looked to be in his mid-40's, and was sitting at his desk, staring intently at his computer screen. Alaina looked around in chagrin. She and Bella were the only ones still standing. Bella finally ripped her eyes from Edward and looked at Alaina apologetically when she too noticed the seating arrangements. Alaina shrugged and made her way to her spot, dropping herself heavily into her seat. She had barely moved to open her backpack before Mike eagerly leaned over. "So, about your all-girls school…" The BIGGEST shout out and thanks to my beta/co-writer/fanfic recommender farfrom7. I truly don't know what this story would do without you!