her want to push herself back against him harder. She was already slightly nervous over the fact that she was pretty sure the gleaming beast of a motorcycle was actually heavier than she was. "Right, then. You might want to hold on, though, um-?" She felt his chest vibrate against her body with quiet laughter as his arms obligingly came up and wrapped around her stomach, his right hand absently curving down over her hip as he pressed himself up against her back. "I'm Paul." For a moment, Bella's mental processes ground themselves to a complete halt as everything she'd ever heard about this wolf ran through her head. Bastard was the top of the list highlighted with a bright and shiny gold star. Antagonistic, hostile, brutal and malevolent were some of the kinder things she could remember being said. Jacob often said that he had the morals of a pit-viper and hated everyone nearly on sight. He thrived on his rage and was far more prone to break your arm than shake your hand. He had no use for the female species, because he didn't have enough patience for pretending to like them long enough to get into their pants. Sam was always slightly uneasy around him, though Paul had never really disobeyed an order and when pressed for answers, he'd been strangely ambivalent. Though on one thing he'd been certain: there was something not quite right with Paul, either in human or wolf form. He'd kept Bella at a distance from the volatile wolf, not trusting him to not undo all the damage-control he'd worked on his sister-imprint. Now, Bella had to wonder if his currently teasing and almost laid-back demeanor was a result of his intoxication, and found herself almost thankful that he was drunk if that were the case, even if it left him a little more physically friendly than she was comfortable with. Sneaking a peek up at him over her shoulder, she was a little stunned to realize that he was actually even prettier than she'd realized, with his high cheekbones and the clean hard line of his jaw, and a part of her sort of wished that he'd take the silver shades off so she could see his eyes. One good mental head-smack later and she had herself back under control enough to gun the engine. Suddenly, the strange lack of chatter in the parking lot registered in her distracted mind. Looking up, she saw the small group of people that had gathered to watch her and the stranger and cringed, all too aware of the rumors that would fly on Monday. It only got worse when she caught sight of Mike, Jessica, Lauren, Tyler and Eric all standing towards the front, already whispering back and forth to each other. It may have only been a couple of brief minutes since Paul had pulled up the drive of the school, but it was long enough to cause the required damage to her peace of mind. And there was no mistaking the sour look on Mike's face when he saw the huge male who must have looked like he was just short of outright cuddling her. It was at that particular moment in time that Bella fully appreciated the fact that this particular werewolf was less than socially polite. Mike's jealousy must have seemed pretty damned amusing to him. That or maybe he just couldn't help himself when presented with the opportunity to torture him further because she went utterly and helplessly still as she suddenly felt him slowly nuzzle a stray lock of hair away from where it had worked itself loose. It was as if he were simply removing a vague annoyance from where it brushed against his skin, as he almost casually breathed a line of chilly-hot air up the line of her neck to urge the strands down along the nape of her vulnerable throat. Bella jumped as what felt like the shock of a cattle-prod jolted down her spine from the point of contact with her neck. It set all of her nerve endings dancing wildly under her skin and she half wondered if it were possible for one's vagina to have a seizure, the sensation was so acute. She just barely stopped herself from squeaking in surprise and was excruciatingly aware that her blush was once more painfully apparent. Oh god, she really had to get some distance from him before he did something to irreparably damage her ability to function normally. Mike's face looked positively green with jealousy, his lips tightly compressed and his fists unconsciously clenched at his sides. Bella felt Paul's arms curl around her just a fraction tighter as if to goad the younger male further. The low rumble of mocking laughter simply confirmed his intent, though she somehow missed it when Mike all but recoiled at the sight of the malicious grin turned on him just before Paul stretched his foot back and kicked them off the curb, forcing Bella to either steer the beast or crash. It proved to be a highly efficient distraction, even after he pulled his legs up and stretched them down along the outer line of Bella's own, and she quickly forgot all about the possibly disastrous gossip that would run rampant through the drama-queen population of Forks High. All she could do was worry about keeping herself and her passenger alive long enough to get them home. And she'd thought Mondays were rough… a.n. – to start with…I'm not a Twi-fan…you might even say I'm rabidly anti-canon Bella. That being said…the weres are just too sexy NOT to play with. There are also not nearly enough Paul fics to feed my addiction, so I have to make my own, but meh. This story was beta'd by my ever faithful partner in crime, Chaoswingdragon…long may she put up with my horrible typing skills, lol. And as always…reviews are food to authors...be kind and do not starve me…Unseelie Sidhe