I could do was stare. She was exactly as I remembered and yet my human eyes had not done her enough justice, her hair was in its usual spiky perfection and was still as black as midnight. Her eyes were still those two twin pools of honey gold but this time I could make out the dark amber that swirled in them as well signifying that she would need to hunt in a few days. Her full red ruby lips stood out from her flawless pale skin, I could feel them drawing me in but before they could get very far I moved onto another aspect of her. She was still as short as ever, that hadn't changed; I had added a couple of inches to my height in the last four years of my human life and knew I would not tower over her petite five foot one inch frame. She was still as fashionable as ever, I only knew this because Jane made sure she drilled into my head all the latest fashion trends and labels, even though she always brought me my clothes. What was different though is her posture wasn't the same...she wasn't bouncing on the balls of her feet and acting with her usual catchy bubbly, excitable and happy persona. Instead she looked...sad? As I looked closer I could see her eyes were filled with tears that could never fall and her bottom lip was quivering ever so slightly but what shocked me the most were that her eyes were staring right into me...not at me...into me! Like she was seeing into my very soul! I could never remember her doing that when I was human. I knew if I didn't tear my eyes away soon I would regret it and so with great difficulty and pain I shifted my eyes onto Carlisle who was still looking at me with disbelief and shock etched across his face. I'd told myself that I would kill them if I ever saw them again...that I would kill her if I ever saw her again! And yet now as they stood in front of me...as she stood in front of me I could feel my rage slowly dripping away, drip by bloody drip and I hated it! I hated the fact that she still had hold over me...the others I could care less about, if I had the chance I would kill them...ok maybe not Esme or Rosalie but the others I would tear them to pieces...except Edward I would slowly torture him until he went mad from either my gift, thirst or from the pain that he would experience under my hand...I'd had his torture planned out since the first time I'd tried drugs...I had a lot of fun thinking things up that I can tell you. The room felt suddenly smaller, it was as if the Cullen's were getting closer...as if she was getting closer...I couldn't do this! I needed to leave this room! I needed to leave now! And now I knew why Aro had his hand on my lower back, to prevent me from going anywhere! Damn the blasted old man! I counted to ten in my head as I let my eyes drift over the faces of Esme, Emmet, Carlisle, Jasper and Rosalie. I knew if I looked at him or her I would break one way or another. I had known I loved her from the moment I saw her but she was with Jasper , when I had found that out that was when the first crack in my heart appeared and then another crack appeared every time I saw her or them together and knew I couldn't have her...I did love Edward ... a long time ago burgh, I just wasn't in love with him but he was the one who put the last crack in my heart and them all leaving shattered it completely. This was why I am the way I am! This was why I lived the last four years of my human life the way I did! This is why I gave my virginity to a girl I didn't even know! This is why I drank! This is why I had meaningless sex! This is why I became a drug user! This is why I wanted to die! This is why sex means nothing to me! This is why Jane means nothing to me! This is why I am cold and distant! This is why I want to feel nothing! This is why I wanted to forget! "Bella?" Her soft honey filled yet trembling voice floated through the air and went right through me, piercing me, it was like a thousand knives were being carved through my skin. I love Alice Cullen. And she keeps breaking my heart. So what did you think? Should I continue or not? Leave us a review and let us no, even if it is a simple yes or no on whether I should continue or not : ) Yes I have portrayed Bella as a bit of a sex addict but again if the story continues I have an idea of what I could write to explain why she loves sex so much : ) Again really up to you. The second gift...power? Whatever you want to call it may seem a little stupid, actually the more i think about it the whole thing might seem a bit stupid but hey i just let it flow out and haven't really read it through except to correct spelling so all i ask is you please don't leave a review telling me this is ridiculous or something along those lines : ) So I hope you liked reading that, the title is the Coldplay song Fix You...it kinda fits but I also picked it purely because the song was playing on my dad's I-Pod which I was listening to when I finished this...so yeah! And like I said Changeling should be updated soon!