along with the lyrics, despite the fact they were being screamed and growled, and darted around the bag, hitting it harder and harder. I was aware of sweat beading from my forehead and dripping down into my eyes. Seconds from the end, What's it gonna be? Pull the trigger bitch! Finally, my bubbling rage took over and I launched a fierce strike at the bag with all my strength, expecting my hand to be hurt from the sheer weight of it. What I wasn't expecting, was for me to send the punching bag flying. With a sound like a thunder crack, it flew off the stand and crashed into the opposite railing of the porch, before falling into the garden Esme grew around the veranda and rolling to a stop somewhere in the middle of the yard, spilling the sand from the bag as it split. I panted heavily, leaning on my hands and knees while assessing the situation. Emmett and Jasper was then beside me. "Holy crap, did you do that!?" Emmett laughed, clapping me on the back (softly). "Lay off the steroids, bro!" "I… I dunno what happened," I rasped, glancing at them both before frowning. "And I am not on steroids!" Emmett chuckled as Jasper wandered over to the stand and inspected it, before he held the chain in his pale hands, inspecting it. "This has snapped clean in two," he deduced, holding it up for me to see the two shiny pieces, glinting in the afternoon light. I honestly had no idea what was happening, First the crash, now I can bust a punching bag clean off. Seriously, who the hell bit me in my sleep? I walked slowly inside, still panting from my workout and grabbed the dinner Esme had set on the kitchen bench for me, mashed potatoes and sausages, before heading to the living area where Rosalie sat, flicking through the channels too fast for me to see. I saw down on one of the arm chairs and began to eat, not focusing on anything but my food. I could hardly think straight. It felt like my world was tumbling down around me. Carlisle tried to check on me again, but I brushed him off, trying to keep my pride and wits about me. "I'm fine, Carlisle, just let me eat!" I mumbled through a mouthful of potato. He made a funny face but blurred away, leaving me and my sister alone once more. Rose gave me a funny look but resumed flicking through the TV channels. We had always had an odd relationship. She spoiled me rotten as a baby but now we had more of a silent but sturdy friendship. We were both stubborn, pigheaded and as much as I hate to admit it, vain beyond anything. When you live in a house full of vampires, you start caring about your looks when you're standing next to perfection. Rosalie finally stopped on something, a nature documentary, probably for my sake. I ate silently, the only sounds the television and the clinking of cutlery. But then I heard snickering from the stairwell. "And here we have the typical human hunting," Jasper whispered in a ridiculously exaggerated documentary voice. "He seems to have found the potatoes very delectable." Rosalie made a snorting noise while I heard Emmett's booming laugh from outside the house, so loud that the walls seemed to rumble from the noise. My blood boiled and I felt something rise in me, a surge of sudden rage. Rage like I have never felt before. Rage like I wanted to hurt, to maim, to kill. A monster rose inside me, roaring a command, and I obeyed his call. With speed I thought I could only imagine, I snatched the knife I was eating with and flung it at Jasper. It flew through the air like an arrow being released from a bow and it struck the wall by his head, sinking deep into the wood. He hadn't moved an inch, but he was still shocked at my sudden fit of fury. Rosalie raised her eyebrow at me but I just ignored her. Even Emmett was quiet now as he returned inside to see what was going on. I rose from the chair, the anger still boiling inside me. I have never really had a bad temper, but I feared that I was now developing one, one I didn't want or need. I dumped my plate in the sink and stalked up the staircase, walking past my brother who was watching me with alarmed eyes. He wasn't even bothering to play with my emotions. My room was the one below Edward's and tucked in beside Alice and Jasper's closet. It was a medium sized room that was a long L-shape, painted white with large windows overlooking the porch and river, with black furnishings all around. My bed is exactly how I left it, dishevelled and the black quilt hanging off the metal frame (I kick in my sleep). Esme must have tidied up in here though, the plates I had on the desk to the right of the bed are gone and my books are in a neat pile beside the computer. I tend to spend most of my time at home here, because this room feels more human than the rest of the house. I can watch what I like, do what I want and generally feel normal… Until I step outside the door. But who was I kidding; I wasn't normal, at least not anymore. Anger was still bubbling in my system as I sat on the couch at the foot of my bed, kneading my forehead with my fist. What the hell was wrong with me? I have never felt like hurting my family though, even when I was pushed to my limits. I put my head in my hands and rubbed my temples, trying to think. I needed to get to the bottom of this, sooner rather than later.