that were being assaulted but all that she was hearing, feeling and now seeing. Wrapping her hand around the tip of his cock, she squeezed a drop of precum from his tip and moistened his soft skin with it. His hips jerked toward her and she slid her hand down his generous length. "Are you imagining that your finger is my cock?" he bit the words out. "Mmm," Rosalie hummed in response. She shifted on the chair again and suddenly wished she'd worn even less. Her legs were spread as wide as possible, the arm of the chair assisting in the task. But it was the binding lace across her breasts that was creating some real friction. Her nipples tingled and ached to be touched, licked, sucked on. In fact, every inch of her body throbbed with desire. From across the room the light caught another glint of sparkle, this time the silver of a nipple piercing. The woman was back on top and her chest thrust forward. The spark of light would flicker in and out of sight as the man puckered his lips around her aroused nipple. Rosalie followed his lead and let her own tongue lash out and tease the tip of her partner's cock. His taste made her mouth water. She wanted to turn in the chair so she could properly suck him off. A task she'd secretly always enjoyed in the past, even if she was loath to admit it. The leverage would allow her hand better access to her pussy as well. But the idea of moving seemed like too much effort. Too much time taken away from tending to her aching need. If she took her hand off her clit now she'd likely explode from frustration. Slipping her lips around the head of his cock, Rosalie sucked at his slit and was rewarded with a low moan. "Don't stop your hand," he uttered the command in a strained voice. Rosalie lifted her heel onto the arm of the chair and stroked two fingers deep within. Drawing her arousal out, she splayed her folds wide and flicked at her clit. "Fuck, just like that." She wasn't sure if he was talking about her hand or her mouth but she wasn't about to stop either. Opening wide, she soothed her tongue along the underside of his shaft and moved her hand to cup his balls. With a tug and a squeeze, she managed to illicit another moan. Rosalie set the pace but only because he wasn't touching her. Wasn't threading his fingers into her hair and guiding her head. And for the first time since she'd given her first blow job at the ripe old age of twenty-three, she actually craved his touch. This stranger who had only briefly held her hand had somehow managed to claim more of her desire than any man ever before. If Rosalie had been allowing her brain to run in overdrive she may have reasoned her craving away with the sexy setting and her main objective of breaking free for the night, but she wasn't thinking about anything other than her impending orgasm. The noises of the nearby couple climaxing drove Rosalie's fingers deeper within and she licked urgently at the cock in her hand, rolling her tongue around the tip of him. Her nipples strained against the binding straps of her top and wild visions flashed through her mind as a delicious tingle began to spread through her body. She pictured the rest of this man she was pleasuring, imagined pleasing him in many ways, pleasing herself in many ways. How she might look kneeling before him or him behind her. He still didn't touch her but the sound of his panting came fast from above. Popping her mouth around him and sucking as she feverishly stroked her clit brought the shaking in her legs higher and higher. With a sudden rush of heat, Rosalie was overcome. The taste of salty sweetness coated her tongue and she pulled back, tugging the stranger's orgasm from his cock with her hand. Moisture spilt out over her tongue and lips and in that moment, Rosalie knew that she'd be tasting him for days. That one errant thought was Rosalie's downfall. Almost immediately her brain kicked back in and started flipping through a mental calendar of all her responsibilities in the upcoming week. Major responsibilities that weren't granted to someone who skipped a prestigious dinner for a sex party where she would blow a random stranger. A flutter of panic struck Rosalie's stomach and she dropped her foot to the floor. On wobbly heels, she abruptly stood and almost fell over. Strong arms caught her and she came to rest against the very hard, tall body of her horrible lack of judgment. "Goldi-" She cut him off with her fingers against his mouth where she left a slick reminder of her orgasm against his lips. "What the fuck-" she said more to herself than anyone else before pushing out of his arms. I must be losing my mind, Rosalie scolded herself as she escaped the room and practically ran down the hall toward the front door. It was a mistake to come here. She had been right all along. She didn't belong here. Rosalie Hale burst from the brownstone and stepped out into the early summer evening with a million thoughts rushing through her mind. Will I ever see him again? The further she walked, the more focused her thoughts became. And despite the fact that that thought would linger and haunt her for days, it wasn't an option. She couldn't see him again. Author's End Note: I hope you enjoyed this little one-shot that may turn into more... wonder what kind of trouble this couple could get into if they met up again. Of course, if you've checked out THE SECRET OF HER SUCCESS you have a little window into just how much of a handful Rosalie (ie Natasha) can be.