sweet cream of her arousal slipped past his lips and he anxiously searched for more. Bella was a multiple orgasm type of gal and soreness be damned, he sure as hell wanted more than one now. Her fingernails dug into the flesh of his thigh and her other hand clutched at his scalp until she cried out with another shock of pleasure. The tautness of her muscles began to loosen and she shifted away from his greedy mouth until he could glimpse the flush of pink in her cheeks. She looked down at him with hooded eyes and swiped at his lips with a delicate finger. Watching as she sucked it into her mouth, Edward's cock bounce toward his stomach. That coma he'd been planning on was going to be damn near impossible with the hard-on he was sporting. Despite the lazy, sated look on her face, there was a spark in Bella's eye that told Edward she wasn't done with him yet. Her skirt dropped onto his chest as she inched down the length of his body. She was still careful not to put too much weight on him but she couldn't seem to keep her hands completely to herself. In the wake of her lightweight dress, she trailed a finger down the length of his torso. Tracing the hard lines of his pecs and abs, every muscle she touched reacted with a twitch. It was impossible to focus on the pain when all of Edward's common sense went rushing south and took up residence in his anxious cock. Rising above him just a little higher as she passed by his hips and settled her knees outside his legs, Bella lowered her gaze to his weeping cock. "Orgasm is a great muscle relaxant." Bella mused, her eyes trained on his erection. Slowly, she reached out and wrapped a hand gently around his length, pulling it upright. Edward hissed at the light touch and tried to close his eyes but couldn't. He watched as she leaned forward and used the tip of her tongue to capture the bead of precum leaking from his slit. A rumble of pleasure rolled through his chest. Bella lifted off of him, a wicked smile on her face. Holding his gaze, she dipped her head down again and popped the head of his cock between her lips. With a swallow, she pulled him into her mouth. A twist of pain shot through Edward's legs as his muscles tensed and he finally dropped his head back onto the bed. Closing his eyes, he was suddenly that much more aware of the sounds she was making. There were the frequent moans that hummed against his skin but it was the sucking and licking that forced his eyes open once again. Bella's hands splayed on his sculpted stomach and her head bobbed up and down in increasing rhythm. The tension in his lower body was making its way up and as much as he wanted to take her head in his hands and slow her pace, he couldn't move his arms. She wasn't erasing any of the soreness she'd caused him but the pleasure radiating out from his cock was enough to forgive her. "Eight fucking miles, Bella." He heard himself say. She pulled off of him with a pop and grinned. Replacing her mouth with her hand, she stroked his slick cock with a sure pace. "Ten. If you count the warm up and cooldown." She teased. Edward might have said something smart and sarcastic but then her mouth was on him again. Sucking his length and probing his slit with her tongue and any semblance of coherence left him. His legs shuddered and his balls tightened and Bella only tightened her grip on the base of his cock. Hefting his balls in her other hand, she rolled and squeezed them and drew his orgasm forth. With a loud groan and a muscle-wrenching arch from the bed, Edward was coming. Bella drew him in deeper and swallowed every last drop. A numb tingling spread from Edward's toes up his legs until the soreness that had gripped his muscles finally receded. A wave of pleasure rode through his body and he sighed contentedly as Bella lovingly caressed his cock with her tongue. His body felt heavy on the bed but the tightness that had gripped his muscles had finally relented. He knew it wasn't likely to last. The soreness would be back with a vengeance in the morning and probably the day after. Bella shifted off of him and lay down an arm's length away. A knowing smile played on her face as she stroked a hand along the stubble growing on his jaw. "See? Told you I knew all the good tricks." Edward laughed and reached his hand toward hers. Their fingers entwined. "Still want to kick my ass?" She said with a raise of her eyebrow. "Depends," Edward answered slowly. "On?" She asked. Edward closed his eyes with a groan. "What do you do after a long run?" This time it was Bella's turn to laugh. She squeezed his hand and let go as she rolled off her side of the bed. Edward opened his eyes and looked to her. "Two blow jobs?" He asked with a smirk. Bella shook her head and pulled her lower lip into a sexy little bite. She appeared to consider his prize should he be stupid enough to join her on another run. Finally, she released her lip with an exclamation. "I'll let you watch me…" she trailed off. Edward propped himself up on one arm, the slowly returning soreness be damned. "Watch you what?" he asked. Bella quirked her head and leveled a wicked look at him. "Catch me Saturday and find out." A/N: Thanks so much for reading... love reviews, as always. And remember, if you want to know how "The Secret of My Success" turned out, check out my website or PM me for it! Thanks again.