in bed long after the orgasm faded. Maybe I just want another one , Edward reasoned with himself. "What's this?" Bella asked, tracing a finger along his forearm. Edward turned his palm up, revealing the underside of his arm to her. "The Celtic Wolf." She stroked his arm. His heart raced the longer she examined the dark blue lines of his tattoo. "What does it mean?" "A lot of things," Edward said. "But mostly… family." "You're close with your family." It wasn't so much a question as it was a statement and Edward nodded in response. Bella turned her attention back to his tattoo and he watched her intense scrutiny of an act of teenage rebellion that had come to mean more than he could've ever expected. A fringe of hair fell over her shoulder and brushed against his chest. It also managed to cover her exposed breasts, a problem Edward was determined to resolve as soon as he regained feeling in his extremities. "How is it that you're still dressed?" Edward's question drew Bella's gaze back to his face. She glanced down and then smiled back up at him. "I'm sure you'll find a way to fix that." Edward smiled back, just one corner of his mouth up to the task. With some effort, he lifted a hand to brush her hair back over her ear. The reappearance of her nipples was a welcome sight. He brought his hand to her shoulder and eased the strap down. With a light laugh, Bella shrugged out of both straps and pushed the dress down past her waist. She lifted to her knees and shimmied it down further. An act too good to miss. Edward lifted his head to gaze at her naked body. "What happened to Jasper?" The soft curls at Bella's center were glistening and Edward licked his lips. He needed her mouth wrapped around his cock but desperately wanted to taste her again. Maybe a little sixty-nine action was in order. "Edward?" Bella's body shifted to stretch out along the bed, her hand falling to his stomach. His hand covered hers, finally looking up to her eyes as she spoke his name again. "Yeah." "Jasper," Bella repeated. "I haven't seen him here at all. He brought your father to all of his appointments, I just wondered where-" "He's been let go." Edward cut her off. "Why?" A dark undercurrent seeped into his voice and from the look on Bella's face, she noticed. "No reason," she said, dropping her eyes to his chest. "He was just nice, that's all. I figured he was a nephew or cousin or something. The way he was with your father. Plus I think my friend Alice had a little thing for him." Edward directed his gaze back up to the ceiling. The sting of betrayal still fresh. It wasn't easy to forget things like that but for most of the night, he had. Somehow being around Bella, he could compartmentalize things a little better. It was a skill his father had mastered long ago but for Edward, a man who had no interest in following in his father's footsteps, it didn't come as easily. With a light touch to her chin, Edward forced her gaze back to his. "He was nice." Edward tried not to picture Jasper's bruised eye and split lip. "It just didn't work out." Pulling her toward him, Edward placed a soft kiss to her lips that remained chaste for only so long. When she opened her mouth to him on a moan, he drove his tongue in and rolled her to her side. Stroking the slim length of her body, his hand spread up and over her breast. The sounds she was making were almost loud enough to mask the knocking at the door. And while Edward was confident in his ability to get Bella screaming loud enough to drown them out completely, he only had so many condoms. "What?" he growled in the direction of the door. "Boss, I've got Rose on the phone." Came a muffled voice. "Goddammit." Edward nearly missed the flicker of uncertainty that passed through Bella's eyes as he rolled off the bed. "My sister," he reassured Bella as he strode the door. Opening the door just enough to glare out at Emmett, Edward spoke through clenched teeth. "What the fuck does she want?" "It's Jasper," Emmett mumbled. He wasn't the most eloquent in the best of times but right now he looked like someone had broken his favorite toy. "I took care of Jasper," Edward seethed. There was a gorgeous, naked woman in the room behind him that was far more important than listening to Rose bitch about how Edward should've done more than give him a black eye. Emmett shook his head. "That's just it, Boss. Rose called to tell you Jasper is dead." Edward let the door fall open another inch. "What?" Now Emmett nodded. "Said his body was found floating in the Quileute River a couple of hours ago." "Shit." Edward ran his hand through his hair and started to close the door before realizing Emmett was still standing there. "Okay, Em." "Boss…" Emmett spoke before the door fully closed. Edward looked up into the sad eyes of his father's right hand man. "…she said to tell you 'good work.'" Edward clutched at the door, the hard edge biting into his palm and he wanted nothing more than to sooth it away against the soft warmth of Bella's body. Emmett ducked his head and turned to walk away. "Emmett," Edward called after him. "Next time, knock." "Boss?" Emmett's attempt at feigned innocence was a complete failure. It was all the proof Edward needed that it had been Emmett in the office doorway earlier. With a sheepish bow, Emmett mumbled an apology. Edward nodded and gripped the doorknob in a tight grasp. "And Emmett? Don't call me boss." A/N: Encouragement in the form of reviews is always welcome. ;) Thanks for reading!