"Rosalie doesn't have decision making power at Hale Partnerships," Charlie explains. "She's...a glorified Isabella. Her father, Matthew Hale, is the one who calls the shots. We grew up together, but my world was very different from his. Matthew grew up as a member of a strict religious sect. Time has softened him, but he's still a hard ass." It's all I can do to keep from raising my eyebrows at Charlie's choice of words, and the bitterness behind them. "All due respect, sir," I interject. "What does that have to do with me?" Charlie bores into me with his gaze. It's so similar to Satan's. In the few seconds of silence that pass, I wonder if he's going to fire me for speaking out of line. "You're the best, Edward," Charlie says bluntly. "You know Swan Sweets inside and out. Almost better than I do. I'm getting old, and that means I'm getting tired. I need to know that this company will be in good hands when I decide to pass it on. So I want you to go to Seattle with Isabella, and I want you to show those Hale Partnership pricks that just because we're a chocolate company doesn't mean we're soft." I stare at Charlie, and I can't even begin to list all the reasons why I absolutely do not want to go to New York. Especially if Satan is going too. "Sir -" "I know this is short notice, son," Charlie says, holding up a hand to silence me. "But this is important. If you do this, and if you come back with positive results, there is a senior manager position waiting for you." His offer blows me clear out of the water. I'm like a fish on land, all I can do is open and close my mouth. To my left, Satan is silent. Charlie offered me the job in front of her, so I know she can't walk into my office when I get back and take it from me. Holy shit. Senior manager. A slow grin spreads on Charlie's face and he knows he's got me. "I-" I try to thank him, or to accept his offer, but clearly my brain is still stuck on shocked. "Don't thank me yet," Charlie warns. "You'll bring Emmett McCarty with you. Garrett says he's a good pick to fill your job when you move up." I nod dumbly, because I know that if I speak, I'm gonna whoop and holler like a little kid. I might even dance around Satan, singing, na-na-na-na-na in triumph, so I make sure to not even look at her, even though I can feel the heat of her displeasure rolling off of her in waves. "And finally, you will pose as Isabella's husband for the duration of your stay in New York." Jesus Christ. I figure I must've been a mass murderer or something equally horrible in my past life, because that's the only reason I can think of to explain this punishment. Like cold water dumped over my head, I'm sobered up from the excitement at my promised promotion. "Sorry?" I say politely. "I think I misheard you." What I really want to say is, what the fuck? Hell fucking no. Your daughter is a fucking sociopath, and I'd rather stab myself in the balls than pretend, even for one second, to be her husband. I'm expecting Satan to be in an uproar, but she's silent as stone. I wonder if she planned this as another sick way to torture me and see me squirm. "Like I explained before," Charlie answers. "Matthew Hale has some pretty old fashioned beliefs. He won't give Isabella the time of day because he doesn't believe that women should run businesses. That's why Rosalie was accompanied by those two young men. You will help Isabella overcome Matthew's archaic beliefs, in addition to being competent representative of Swan Sweets." I want to say no, I want to tell him and his demon spawn that they can go fuck themselves, but my tongue is like lead in my mouth. "The terms of this agreement, including your promotion, are outlined in that contract," Charlie nods to the stack of papers before me. "In addition, there is a binding agreement of confidentiality." I look up at him, and his eyes are hard with gravity. "If a word of this leaves this room, and if anyone knows of this beyond the three of us, we will legally and financially crush you." I don't shudder like a little bitch, but I sure as hell want to. On the last page of the contract they handed me, is a spot for my signature. Satan's delicate cursive and Charlie's heavy signature are already there. "All you have to do is sign," Charlie says to me. I chance a glance at Satan. She's looking straight ahead. To my surprise, she looks as pained as I feel. The wheels in my head start turning immediately. This may quite possibly be the worst contract I have ever entered into, but there is a chance here that I can make Satan's life a living hell. The thought gives me just enough courage to pick up the pen. I hesitate for a long moment. With a flick of my wrist, I sign my life away. I've literally made a deal with the devil. Oh, what the hell. A/N: It has been a long time since I left this site behind. The world beyond this website is a hard one, but I have learned so much. I would like to think that a community still exists out here, still reading, still reviewing, still reaching out like so many axons trying to make a connection. If you are here, if you are reading this, I see you, I appreciate you, and I implore you to push beyond your normal habits and leave a review. Drop a PM. Let me know that you see me too. This story is for you.