to school today. My first period was Physics with Mr. Banner but he didn't show up and there was no substitute teacher. My friends asked me if I wanted to hang out with them in the parking lot but I refused. I chose to just walk around the school. I wanted to be alone and think. Why am I even bothering with Isabella when she clearly hated me? Why couldn't I stop myself from discovering the story behind her cruel stares and her antics? As I passed the Principal's Office I heard someone arguing and shouting. "When will you stop doing stupid things? What satisfaction does it give you? How can you do that to Alice?" a familiar voice of a man exclaimed. "How could you do this to me? How can you keep me like a dirty little secret? Am I not your daughter, too?" An angry female voice shouted back. "This is so ungrateful of you. I gave you a nice place to stay in and everything you wanted." The knob wasn't locked and I opened it to confirm my suspicion. The door opened just in time for me to see my father slapping Isabella. I didn't know what came to me, but I pulled her into my arms. She was crying silently but she didn't pull away from me. "Let's get out of here," I told her. We got a couple of stares from other people as we walked our way to the rooftop but I didn't care. She cried even more once we were alone. She fell on the floor and buried her face on her hands. I'd never seen anyone cry like this before. I'd never seen Isabella cry. It was usually her who makes somebody cry. "I really, really hate you," she said in between her sobs. I sat beside her on the floor. "Tell me why you hate me." "Because you and Alice aren't even Carlisle's real children yet he treats you like his own. I, her real daughter, the one who shares blood with him, he treats me like trash. I hate it that he is so affectionate especially to Alice. I hate it that I'm an illegitimate child. "I can't love who I want to love and now he's telling me whom I can't hurt and hate. That's so unfair. Why is he so protective of her while he never cared for me? He rarely visited me. He was clearly ashamed of me. I didn't want any of the material things he gave me. I just wanted him to love me the way he loves you and Alice. What's so hard with that? Why couldn't he be proud of me? Why does he only show up when I do something wrong?" She knew that Alice and I were adopted. Esmé, our adoptive mother wasn't capable of having a child so they decided to adopt me and my sister when we were little. I was four then and Alice was one. Carlisle never mentioned that he had a daughter with another woman. Isabella was just as old as I am. Carlisle and Esmé had been married for six years already when they adopted us, meaning Carlisle had an affair with another woman. He wasn't that type of man. He loved Esmé too much. But the evidence was in front of me, crying her heart out. After that day, everything changed between me and Isabella. She started talking to me and stopped pulling pranks on others. I even got to hang out with her and her friends. Every Friday, I went to the orphanage with her. She seemed okay with it and I liked playing with the kids. Months had passed since the accident and I got to know her more. She actually smiled a lot when she we were alone. We never talked about her issue with Carlisle anymore. As my relationship with Bella became better, my relationship with Carlisle got complicated. Esmé and Alice still didn't know of Bella's existence. We were seated on a bench outside the orphanage, watching the kids play in the front yard. The spring sun felt wonderful. The sun was hitting her hair and it shone beautifully. It looked kind of red. She wasn't as pale as before. We'd been going out a lot these days. Our hands were just inches away from each other so I reached for hers. I acted like nothing happened. I could already tell that she was blushing. Her hand felt good on mine. "Have you stopped liking me yet?" she asked shyly. "Not yet, maybe I don't like to stop," I answered. I looked at her and smiled. She smiled back at me and it warmed my heart. I leaned into her and my other hand cupped her blushing cheek. "Maybe I started liking you back," she said and then she kissed me. Everything was calm and wonderful as I relished the feel of her lips on mine. There were no words how to describe the feeling. It was just too much and overwhelming in a good way. It was until one of the kids called Isabella. She pulled away from me and she was still smiling. God, she was so beautiful. "Bella! Come play with us!" Nessie shouted. She was the closest to her. "I'll just go inside to play with the kids," she said as she stood up. "Okay," I replied. She was crossing the road, but she stopped. She looked back at me and said, "I'll be back in a few." That smile, was the sweetest one she gave me. (End of flashback) "You never came back, why didn't you just cross the road? Why do you have to look at me? Why can't I save you? Why does it have to happen?" Again, she didn't answer my question. Thank you so much for reading! Is it too sad? Reviews are very much appreciated. :) May you all have a fantastic and prosperous year ahead! -ishi :)