inhale of his scent, masking it as she needed the air, but she truthfully she was just glad to be surrounded by the reassuring smell as much as the arms wrapped around her torso. Knowing Jake as she did she knew he would be wrecked with guilt at how close she had been to getting hurt because of him, especially if she had scared Sam. She knew without a doubt that she had positively freaked Jake out. She hugged him back with all her strength, not that he would have even felt the pressure of it. She was just as scared as he was but not about her safety but his. She felt him kiss her hair, over and over. "Bells!" He exclaimed her name, like someone gasping air after being under water too long. "I didn't want you fighting over me. Paul is right." Bella spoke into his chest, her lips almost touching his skin as she spoke. "I knew if I could get you to look at me I could calm you down!" She argued, as she felt him shake his head above hers. "Well darn, I was just about to see who wanted to place a bet!" Someone said. Bella pulled her head up so she could see, to look for the idiot the voice belonged too. The voice had managed to dispel some of the left over tension in the air as the other wolves and elders laughed. Quil stood grinning back at her. "QUIL ATEARA! Bella scolded "How can you be so… so… so… flippant! Jake could have been hurt!" All the wolves including Jacob, except Paul were now roaring with laughter. "Damn right Leech lover!" muttered Paul, from behind Quil. Embry and Seth patted Jake on the shoulder as they passed and went to stand alongside Quil, and in front of Paul almost like they were making a barrier, between him and me and Jake. "Whatever Lahote! Whenever you're ready to go again, just say! I'll happily save the women; sorry the girls of La Push the job of castrating you!" Jacob guffawed. " Right now! Let's go Black!" He snarled, trying to barge through Quil and Embry, who were ready and waiting to grab him. "Come on little boy ! If you can put the bloodsucker's pale face pet down, that is! Oh wait isn't it time for her to run back to the bloodsucker?" Jake growled. Bella flinched at the terminology. Is that really how they see me? Hang on… "Oi! Who the hell are you calling a pet? How dare you! You don't know a damn thing about…" as she spoke she streamed over to where Paul was being held back and began poking him in his chest with all her force, which felt like a butterfly fluttering against his chest to Paul, before she was once again picked up by burning strong arms and swung around, so she was now facing in the opposite direction finger still pointed mid air. "For God's sake Bella will you stop trying to get yourself hurt or worse" Jake seethed "Lahote I suggest you begin speaking to Bella with more respect, before I teach you some!" Jacob snarled at the angry man in front of him, violently shaking again. Paul just growled at him, in return "Whatever pup!" Quil looked between the two men both and turned to look at Bella. He chuckled at the sight of this tiny girl, who was still clearly fuming at Paul's remarks and being told off by Jacob. Sometimes she had no idea just how much danger she seemed to not only attract but welcome. She glared at the sound of his laugh. "WHAT. ARE. YOU. LAUGHING. AT?" She growled. " You!" he chuckled. "You have got balls Bella! I'll give you that." She blushed fiercely, at his compliment, and the cheers from Embry, Seth and Jared, in agreement. Jake shook his head at him. "Quil, don't give her ideas!" Sam snapped. Jake took her in his arms, and whispered into her ear, "Honey, I love your feisty side but please don't ever give me a heart attack by doing that again ok?" Someone called out "here, here!" it sounded very much like Sam. She looked up at him shyly, as Emily, was rubbing his arms, and smiled kindly at her, "He cares" she mouthed to the younger girl. Paul muttered something she couldn't hear, but it certainly made the wolves around him to snap their heads at him, some growled, but Bella's attention was solely on the wolf, who had dropped his arms from her waist and was now stood in front of her violently shaking and growling. Bella lifted a hand in front of her and stepped closer, she heard faintly someone call her name in warning as she pressed her tiny pale hand on the deep bronzed skin, of her best friend. Instantly he calmed at her touch as she knew he would, the shaking stopped, but he was still staring murderously at the other man. "Since it looks like round two is about to go down in about ninety seconds who wants to place a wager?" Quil quipped. "Bella?" Embry laughing asked. She gave an empty half smile knowing they were trying to lighten the mood, but not finding it remotely funny. She continued to caress Jake's back trying to calm him. "Come on Bells!" Quil cajoled using Jake's nick name for her. "You gotta have faith in our boy here!" he added, nodding at Jake. Her hand pressed firmly into his back as she saw him tense his back. She glanced up at the back of the tower of golden muscles in front of her, knowing as his muscles twitched under her hand he was waiting for her to knock him down in front of his whole pack. What have I done to this boy? Damn Quil making Jake question her faith in him. ... So what do you think? Shall I continue?