look around or have a bath, but please don't swim in the sea, without me. Okay?" He looked so sad and defeated, I nodded. It was the least I could do. He climbed back into the boat and with a roar of the engine disappeared into the night. I wandered from room to room around the house. It was decorated in the Cullens normal interior, pale whites, beiges and creams. I finally reached what would have been our bedroom, and gasped at the beauty of it. There was a four poster bed, with red rose petals scattered all over the bed and the floor, and candles adorned all the surfaces. I felt a huge lump appear in my throat, it felt wrong being in here, when I had no intentions of fulfilling my wifely duties with Edward, especially after I had spent months arguing with him, for this night. But now it was here I realised I didn't want to be here, or for this night to be with him. I decided a shower would help me think and opened my suitcase, surprised to see a letter from Alice nestled on the top. Bella, I don't know why but I saw that you would need this paper. There is a secret department at the bottom of the wooden box- the one I put all some new jewellery in, so Edward won't suspect. Burn this once you have read it. You need to follow these instructions carefully: remove all the jewellery, so u can find the compartment, then put everything back in and move it all around before putting the box at the bottom of the suitcase then do the same to all of your clothes, so your scent is on everything, and not stronger in one place, should he look. Alice x I looked up puzzled from her short note, which had been written in a rush but still her handwriting looked immaculate. I dug around for the small box, which was in fact a small chest, like a treasure chest but square and very ornate. Tipping all the jewellery out- which I would never wear- I searched for the secret department. Unable to find one I gave up and flung it onto the bed. It landed with a soft thud, but as it did I heard a soft plunk and stepped forward to open the lid of the box to appear inside praying by some miracle it was the box. Sure enough the bottom had opened, lifting two overlapping flaps, which now opened exposed the bottom. Another note was hidden inside which merely said; HURRY. Although I was unsure why, Alice was keen for me to have somewhere to hide things from Edward she obviously saw a reason so I did as she said. I burnt her note and began scribbling letters first to Renee, then to my dad, one to the pack addressed to Emily, and lastly to Jacob, while I was writing I suddenly had a horrible feeling stir in my gut something bad was going to happen, and whether Alice had seen it or had just seen the need for me to prepare I wrote down everything I had ever wanted them to know, especially Jacob. It wasn't until I signed the bottom, I saw the paper was dotted with tearstains, and blotted ink. I quickly hid the letters and buried them as she had directed and quickly rushed to the bathroom to wash my face as I heard the speed boat approaching. I quickly stripped off and dressed in my favourite slouchy pyjamas, thanking Alice for putting them in with the paper, as I knew what pain that would have cost her, especially when I saw they were on top of a pile of lacy and very expensive French lingerie. I quickly climbed under the blanket, and tried to slow my heart and breathing so Edward would think I had fallen asleep. I heard him approach, and his cold hand, brushed the hair away from my face, exposing my neck as he leaned over to kiss my cheek, he whispered "I love you more than my own life", and sunk his teeth into my neck. As searing pain surged through me as Edward penetrated my fragile skin, my eyes baulked as a blood curling scream echoed through the night as my life flashed before me, but it wasn't so much my life, but the people I loved. I got to see everything as an outsider, saw just how many chances I had had in my short life and all of them I had given up or lost, how many mistakes I had made, like marrying the wrong man, and making vows, that I knew even now, as I changed into something I no longer wanted to be, I couldn't keep and didn't want to keep and then I thought of all the bridges I had burned, and hadn't known how to fix, all the things I hadn't got the chance to say. Except now I would never get the chance. Had Alice seen this? Had she known and that was why… The burning in my neck was spending distracting me, and the pain was excruciating. I felt myself swimming in a vast sea of darkness I realized I didn't know how to get out, I couldn't find a way out. I could hear voices but the only one I wanted to hear is silent. I need you but I can't hear you, I try to draw your face to mind, as the darkness entices me in. I'm screaming your name inside my mind hoping you will hear me but still I hear nothing, as the other voices grow louder. The only person I want is lost to me and as I scream in agony and writhe in pain. The darkness engulfs me finally taking me down, and the burning surrounds me and courses through me I scream your name one last time to save me.