to run her a bath." Jacob: "I'm going to tell Sam." Jasper: "Why? So he can come to kill the so called vampire spawn?" Jacob: "No. Because he needs to know, that's why. Plus, she is safe now. In fact she now has the same status as Emily, Kim, Claire, and my sister Rachel; she is now under the protection of the entire pack. No wolf may kill the object of another wolf's imprinting, if they did the two wolves involved would fight to the death. It's a pack law. More important than protecting humans from vampires, more important than our treaty with you, it is our most absolute law; and there are no exceptions." Seth: "Wait! Jake? Maybe we should think this through. They might become hostile at your presence." Leah: "I agree Jacob. How do we know they won't just come here to kill Rina...Reneess...ma'...sorry. How do you pronounce it?" Jacob: "You know what? Just call her, Nessie. And I don't think Sam will disregard our imprinting on her. Plus she's not what we first thought; she is completely benign. Leah switch to wolf form and run patrol until I get back. Seth, stay here." My Jacob then went out the front door. I watched him through the window as he stripped down to his underwear and then I was shocked as he burst forth as a giant wolf and at vampire speed ran into the woods. Alice: "I'll see if I can find some baby clothes for her." Grandma took me into a bathroom. Not the same one as before, this bathroom was larger and it had a very big bathtub. She turned on the faucets and the bathtub began to fill with water. When the bathtub was full, she unwrapped me from the soft blanket and put me into the tub while she knelt on the floor outside the tub. The water was hot, but not hot enough to burn me. The water was deep, too deep for my feet to touch the bottom. I found swimming easy, I paddled my feet this way and that and I could easily keep my head above the water, but grandma always kept a hand on my shoulder anyway. The water was very soothing and relaxing. I got excited and slapped my hands down on the water splattering grandma. Sorry. But she didn't seem to mind. She just smiled and laughed. She took a plastic bottle and squirted some thick floral scented liquid into my hair. She rubbed it around until it formed a good lather. She then pressed down on my head dunking me under the water and then pulled me up a second later, being all rinsed off. I shook my head and sputtered and sneezed. She lifted me out of the water and wrapped my naked body in a thick fluffy absorbent towel. She rubbed me down with the towel until I was all dry. She ruffled up my wet hair with the towel until it was just lightly damp. Esme: "There you go, all clean." Cool Aunt Alice came in with a bundle of clothes. Alice: "Let's dress you up." First they put a diaper on me, which was unnecessary; I was born potty trained. Then Cool Aunt Alice had me try on several different things, but grandma put her foot down and just had me wear one thing. Then they put some think full length stockings over my legs and hips and considered me complete. They then turned me towards the mirror. The other me looking back at me was was beautiful, with short but thick curly reddish brown hair, pale pinkish skin, and chocolate brown eyes. They had dressed me in a pale purple silk dress, just my size. At that moment Aunt Rosalie came in. She was wearing clean clothes and her eyes were a bright yellow. Rosalie: "Hey Renesmee. Aren't you all squeaky clean. Let's tackle that hair." She took a hair brush and started to gently stroke my scalp with the tips of the bristles, it felt nice. Then the older blond man came in with a assortment of objects. Rosalie: "Renesmee, this is your grandfather, Carlisle." He came in close and I reached out and touched him. I showed him his own face in his mind. Carlisle: "Remarkable!" He was in awe. He then had me sit on a scale. Why? What was the purpose of this. Carlisle: "39 pounds! That's heavy for someone as small as her. The flesh of the tissues in her body must be significantly denser than that of a normal human." He then took a thermometer. Carlisle: "Open your mouth."and he put it in my mouth. "Don't bite it." He waited until the thermometer beeped, and he then took it out. Carlisle: "107.1 Fahrenheit. That's hot." I reached outward touched his face. 'I'm hungry' I thought. Carlisle: "She needs another feeding." He took out a cup. I reached for it, but before I took it, I smelled it. He held the cup close, it was filled with some kind of white stuff. It smelled like rot and earthy. I groaned, wrinkled up my face, and held my hands out in front of me like a shield. Rosalie: "Ok, I think she doesn't like it." Carlisle: "Well, she is half human. And she has a fully active normal human digestive system. I see no reason why normal human food won't sustain her. It was worth a try." Grandpa took it away and held out the other bottle full of blood. I reached for it and took it. Carlisle: "Don't spill, Renesmee." It tasted good and filled my stomach. Then I began to feel fatigued. My eye lids drooped. I yawned, and fell into unconsciousness. Author's Note: Hope you liked it. Renesmee learned Jacob's name from the brief telepathic link at the moment of imprinting on him. I love constructive criticism. Please review. Loyalty to my fans (Keep reading for Chapter 2: The First Three Days)