Edward's shoulder. I know, my son. It is simply time for me to leave for the hospital. I will arrive at noon tomorrow. Edward raised his eyebrows in surprise which should not have been one for him. It was for four months now that Carlisle had been taking the 30 hours shift and they barely saw him anymore apart from bits and pieces of his body when he rushed through the house to arrive in his study that he kept firmly locked most of the time. He was never at home for leisure time, moreover, Edward and the others were sure they would never see him if it weren't for his family and the sake of appearance he had to keep – humans had to rest and he had obligations to care for his children. All of them feared that they would somehow lose their beloved patriarch and father. "Another 30 hours shift? Esme wishes for some family time. We all do." They need me. "We need you, too. Never forget that, Carlisle." It was later when he was out of earshot of Edward's ability that he decided that he would not indulge in his deepest fantasies and pitiful feelings in front of his family ever again. He would only think of them when at the hospital or when he was completely alone. Carlisle's thoughts are in italic. A/N: Hello, guys! This is my very first attempt at writing a fanfiction story and I am still unsure if I will continue it. Probably I will leave it at that. Personal matters hinder me from doing any writing at the moment. Therefore, if I may not contine it - regard this chapter as a One Shot, but we will see what the future brings! I apologize for any grammar mistakes or typos you may encounter whilst reading. I am not a native English speaker, so please bear with me. If, however, you do find some mistakes (and I am absolutely positive that you will), please write them down and mention them in your review or simply PM me. I'll be happy to oblige and correct them. On top of that, this is my very first fanfiction – if there are any difficulties reading this story due to the format, I apologize in advance as well. I am fairly new to this page and wholly unaccustomed to publishing any of my work, or formatting for that matter. Also, I often like to play with words and adverbs, therefore my chapters turn out to be quite lengthy. I love to put effort into my writing, carefully choosing each and every word and oftentimes re-writing a paragraph. And finally, be warned – the story is M-rated. In the following chapters, if there will be any - we will see, you will encounter sucicide attempts, depression, DP/DR and GAD (generalized anxiety disorder), later on we move on to sexual intimacy as Bella's and Carlisle's relationship progresses. And this chapter was quite angsty as well. So if you have any problems with that or are quite inexperienced or sensitive in that matter, please read at your own risk or put the story aside for a later time. Now, on to some information about the story. The glorious quote from my summary was directly taken from "forksfiction" on twilight. Please check out her wonderful twilight postings and her very own fanfiction story "The Literary Pharmacy". I love it! The information about the Spanish Influenza and the anatomy of the spine can be found on wikipedia. It was so much fun to google and dig into the history! * You must do everything in your power. What others cannot do, that is what you must do for my Edward . That quote is directly taken from New Moon. Other than that, I have slightly altered the retellings of Edward's and Elizabeth's hospitalization. Not everything is exactly as Carlisle told Bella in New Moon, but that was done on purpose. To clearify on whether Carlisle is OOC, because I can almost hear your answers: I see Carlisle as an INFJ from the Meyer's Brigg's Type Indicator. For some he may seem an optimist, he is for me, but we must view him as someone who did not find his soul mate yet. Carlisle resembles Edward, in my opinion, and vice versa. And of course, after all these years of being together, they have adopted some personality traits and thought patterns of their companion. Both are melancholic by nature, Edward simply had his music to keep him going and his family, Carlisle had his medicine, his family and his faith. But we must not forget that in my fanfic it is Edward who never had to wait 100 years for his mate – he had to wait for her for 5 years at best. And even though Carlisle suffers, he would not give in like Edward would have and showed his displeasure openly for everyone to see (see Twilight). Carlisle is altruistic and he is guilty for his desires, because he has more than he could have ever wished for, so how dare he wish for a mate... Also, this is my fantasy and my Carlisle (lol, how possessive I am). For some he may seem OCC, but keep in mind that he is not entirely the Carlisle we know from all the Twilight series. We do not know as much about him as I would have liked, because SM wanted to show Edward's and Bellas's story, therefore their feelings. We do not know really how Carlisle is, only the surface and INFJs are complex beings anyway (I am one myself, we are very contradictory and complex) because everything is from Bella's POV, and we do not know how Carlisle would have been behaving without a mate. Here is where I explore his character and his story. Please review and share your thoughts! Thank you very much! With lots of love and until we read from each other again, utterlybewitched