broke up." I can tell Charlie is shocked by this as he puts down his paper and doesn't say anything for a few minutes. "Uh, what happened? Are you okay? Do you want me to cancel my fishing trip?" Charlie doesn't do well with emotion and I can tell, while he would if I said yes, he doesn't really want to cancel his fishing trip. "I don't really want to talk about it, so, short version is it seems like all we do is fight anymore and I'm tired of fighting. And, no, I don't want you to cancel your trip." He's silent for a bit longer before he asks, "Is there anything you do want?" I don't know how to answer that question. I'm actually shocked he asked it and I definitely didn't expect it. "I think we should just make it a clean break." Thinking back to what I told Edward last night suddenly makes it clear. "I want to leave Forks." June 1st, 2012 – EPOV Hearing Bella say she was done while looking so broken made me realize just how much I screwed up. I did that to her- I made her look broken and I hate myself for it. I have to make it up to her. I have to make it okay. Even though she said she's done, I don't believe we are. I refuse to believe that's how we end, refuse to believe that's where and how our story ends. I messed up and hurt her but I'm not giving up on us. I'll give her some time to calm down and then I'll get her back. June 12th, 2012 – EPOV It's been eleven days since Bella broke up with me. I've given her space to calm down and forget about this but it's gone on long enough. It's time for to get her back, get us back. I pull up to Bella's house and get out of my silver Volvo. After making my way up the stairs, I knock on the door, hoping to see Bella. However, I'm dismayed when Charlie answers the door. And, also, a little bit scared because he looks like he hates my guts. "Okay, so, obviously, Bella told him what happened." How much she told him, I don't know but she definitely told him we broke up. "Good morning, sir. Is Bella home? I was hoping to talk to her." "She's not here, Edward." "Okay, so, she's not home right now. But she'll come home at some point today." "Do you know what time she'll be home? It's very important that I talk to her. I have to make things right." "Edward, she doesn't want to make things right. Besides, when I said she's not here, I didn't mean she's not home. I mean she's gone. She left Forks." My blood runs cold at that tidbit of knowledge. "What?" I say, shocked and feeling hopeless. "She left Forks. She wanted to make a clean break from you, from the memories, so she left for college early." "So she just left for NYU early. I can talk to her there. I still have a chance to get her back. I just have to wait a little longer." "I see. Then I guess I'll just have to wait until I see her at NYU to talk to her." I say, feeling a little bit of hope returning. Charlie's closing the door but, at that, he stops and opens the door again to step out onto the porch. "She didn't tell you? I know she broke up with you so things must've been bad but I'm surprised she didn't tell you." My brow furrows. "Didn't tell me what?" "Oh, boy. Okay. She's not going to NYU. She got accepted to Harvard. Some kid dropped out at the last minute and she was offered a full ride so she took it." I can tell Charlie is done with the conversation but, before he goes inside, he offers one last piece of advice. "Look, she just wants a clean break so I think you should respect that. Don't try and hunt her down. Leave her alone – let her move on and live her life. I don't know what happened exactly, but I think it's the least you could do for her, if you really do love her." I say thank you before Charlie is able to close his front door and I run to my car. I rush home and race to my room, picking up the cell phone I left on the desk. I immediately call Bella's number. It rings forever before I finally get through and am about to say something before I hear "The number you have dialed is not available. Please check the number and try again." I try a couple more times, only to end up with the same message. I throw my phone in frustration and turn to my laptop. I pull up Facebook and search for Bella's name on my profile only to discover it's not there. I type her name into the search bar and it's not showing up. I can't even find it on the friends list for our mutuals – my sister, Alice, and brother, Emmett, and our friends, Jasper and Rosalie Hale. I try her Twitter, her Tumblr, her Instagram, every social media account she has and get the same thing as the first. I even try emailing her and I just get it sent back to me with the general "we cannot find this email address." message. I feel the fight go out of me as I realize she's blocked me on everything. She's deleted me from her life. My shoulders completely deflate as I realize there's no hope left. She's gone. I lost her. AN: So that's the end of the chapter one. This is the first story I've actually decided to release so I look forward to any feedback and I hope you enjoyed chapter one.