thought with a smirk. "Yeah. He's gorgeous and single. So is Jasper, but don't waste your time. Neither of them date." Jessica sounded bitter. I wonder if one, or both, had turned her down. I saw the four of them leave the table together. Each of them as graceful as tiny Alice, even the big one. It was a little unsettling. I could have sworn Jasper was looking at me, but I decided I was imagining things. Bella and I went our separate ways again when the Bella rang, me to History and Bella to Biology along with Angela, the glasses wearing brunette. When I got to class, I immediately spotted Alice. She looked excited. I handed my slip to the teacher who sent me to the only free seat in class. Right next to Jasper Hale. He looked on edge, eyeing me warily as I walked to the desk. He was tense, hands squeezed into fists. He looked as if he wasn't breathing. But then, as I sat beside him, he inhaled and relaxed slightly with an adorably confused expression on his face. Alice, I noticed, was watching us with that big grin. Almost as if she knew what was happening. "Hello," Oh boy, if I was standing I was sure my knees would have buckled. His voice, laced with a southern accent, was like honey. "I'm Jasper Hale. It's a pleasure to meet you." Like Alice, he kept his hands to himself but there was a small grin on his face and an unreadable look in his golden eyes. "I'm Juniper Swan, but I prefer Juni." I was proud of myself for not stuttering. "Juni it is then." His smile was so gorgeous it nearly hurt. As the teacher prattled on and on about Pearl Harbour, I was finding it difficult to concentrate. Jasper's gaze never strayed from me and he relaxed more and more with each passing minute. He was looking at me as if I was the answer to all his problems and a blush was permanently on my cheeks. I swear I saw him sniff me a couple of times and when he did a look of utter bliss appeared on his face. To say I was confused was putting it lightly. It didn't help that Alice kept looking back at us, like she was watching the worlds most interesting movie. Let's just say that when the bell rang, I was relieved to get out of there. But as I walked further and further away from History, further away from Jasper, a cold feeling swept through my body. Like someone had injected ice water into my veins. I felt as if a part of me was gone, taking all the warmth and happiness with it. I perked up a little when I saw Bella in Gym. My smile immediately turned into a frown when I noticed how pale and shaken she looked. I was watching her apprehensively, afraid she was going to pass out any second, as Coach Clapp gave us our uniforms. Thankfully, we were acting as spectators today as the rest of the class played volleyball. I was sure if Bella played they'd be carting either her or some poor, unsuspecting soul off to hospital. Bella looked relieved too, no doubt remembering all the injuries she'd sustained and inflicted playing volleyball. When the final bell rang, we walked side by side to the he office to hand in our paperwork. I was hoping that she'd open up to me on the way home about what was bothering her, but I wouldn't push. Bella froze when we walked in and my brow furrowed in confusion. Edward Cullen stood in front of us at the front desk. He was talking low and urgently, about trading classes. Bella looked hurt. The door opened again, and a cool wind breezed through the room, rustling papers on the desk, and swirling our hair around our faces. The girl who had come in stepped up to the desk, placed a note in the wire basked, and walked out again. But Edward Cullen had stiffened, and turned slowly, a glare distorting his aristocratic features. It was a genuine, hate-filled look that had the hairs on the back of my neck and arms rising. "Never mind, then." He spoke hastily, a voice like velvet. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." He turned on his heel without another look in our direction, and disappeared out the door. I shook off my shock at such open hostility and stepped up to the desk, Bella following meekly behind, and handed Mrs Cope our signed slips. "How did your first day go, dears?" "Very well thank you, Mrs Cope." I answered. Bella replied with a weak 'fine.' When we got back to the truck, it was one of the last few cars in the lot. "What happened, Bells?" I asked gently as we sent in the cab. She let out a shuddering sigh, tears glistening in her eyes as she looked at me. "I don't know. I don't know, Juni." Her voice cracked, a tear slipping down her cheek. My heart broke for her and I vowed then and there that I'd make Edward Cullen pay for hurting my sister. A/N - I'm super proud of this chapter, it's the longest one I've ever written. It may seem like I'm sticking close to the books, and I am, but I promise Juniper will have her own scenes and story as I become more confident in the chapters to come. Also, I'm hoping some of you guys would be kind enough to submit OC's so I can add them to my story as friends of Juniper. I don't want her to just be friends with those Bella is friends with. Please don't hesitate to leave a review, even if it is constructive criticism. Also, links to my Polyvore and Pinterest for this story will be in my bio. -ValarMorghulisDohaeris.