growing weaker. Some children weren't happy with her rule after all. "Your majesty!" A voice came from afar. A soldier came running into the room. He hurried into the court. "Your majesty. Please wait!" "My dear good man." She asked. "We are in the middle of a trial." "I'm so sorry to disturb you your highness." He bowed in front of her. "But I have good news." "What would that be?" "The rebel groups have been suppressed. We managed to finish all them!" A rush of silence filled the court. They all gaped at the soldier. The queen smiled."Are you sure?" "Yes your highness. General Bloodshadow has sent a letter." He gave the parchment which she read with satisfaction. "Well done Mollisa." She muttered under her breath. Her attention went back to the matter in hand. "Did you hear that Cullen?" Her smile grew. "The rebels have been suppressed." Edward didn't even attempt to look at her, once a coward always a coward. "Did you manage to capture them all?" "Rounded with a sword on their necks, your highness." "Well done Soldier." He bowed humbly in front of her. "Very well Cullen." She shifted."What do you propose we do with you?" "Put him in the Garlic room." One minister yelled. "Burn him." yelled another. "Tear him apart." yelled the third. She put up her hand and motioned them to stop. "Now now we do that to ordinary criminals don't we?" She said maliciously." This one is special." She stood and walked down the stairs, her eyes fixed on her victim. A gasp went around the room. She looked at the drooping head of her victim. "Look at me." She commanded. He lifted his head and his eyes met hers for the first time in thirty years. "Don't do this Bella. You'll regret it. You know you still love me." He whispered. Even now he was so arrogant she wanted to kill him right away. She looked at the golden orbs that she once drowned herself in love with. Years of suppressed rage that she had carefully locked up and buried deep her in heart exploded. She put her finger on his cheek and all the anger expelled out of her finger tips in a bright reddish glow. Her finger moved slowly across his face ignoring his scream of agony. Finally, he could experience an ounce of pain he put her through. "Love you?" She hissed. "The only emotion I feel for you an extreme hate Cullen" The path her finger traced now lay cut and open wound making the venom pour out of it. He howled in agony. A piercing screeching noise that could be heard for miles. She continued cutting with her nails now reaching his chest. "Do you remember when I used to love you? Care for you?' She whispered jabbing her nail deeper into his chest. The ear piercing yells grew louder. She knelt down her finger going lower and lower. "You broke me Cullen." She whispered into his ear. Her finger had reached the desired spot. A huge burst of red energy went out of it completely damaging his manhood. Satisfied at his anguish and terrified face and at her masterpiece she rose and rubbed her hands. "Those wounds would not heal." She announced and turned to see frightened eyes."The devil's gift to me ensured he would go on for the rest of eternity feeling the seven hells of torture". Only Suri looked away tormented. She glanced over to her former flame. "Good day Edward." "Take him away!" " And this was your favourite doll Cathy!" Charlie pointed at cute baby girl hugging a porcelain doll in the picture."You were only two then." Bella's head lay on her father's lap and they both looked at the picture fondly. "Your mother was so afraid you would swallow her hair" Bella scowled at her mother's mention." Surprising, there was a time she seem to care for me." " Now Isa..." " Enough Dad." She woke up with a jolt." That woman cares more about her love life than her daughter." " Now Isa you know that's not true." " Even my name." Her nose scrunched up in disgust. "She chose that too!" " You have a nice name Isabella." " Really." She challenged. " What would have you named me if she hadn't compelled you." " She didn't compel me." He protested in vain. Bella coughed. " Well." He swallowed."I always thought Ivory was a nice name. Your mother didn't want you named after stones. She preferred a more womanly name." " Ivory is a beautiful name." She said in awe. "Can I get my name legally changed Dad? Please? Please?" Charlie only roared in laughter. " . " A Nurse called. "This way please." Three women walked down the white corridors of the hospital reaching room 394. A nurse guided them inside a room where an old man sat on a rocking chair. The nurse beckoned him lightly." You have company ." She smiled at her father. "Hi Daddy." She said softly dragging a chair to sit. "How are you? " She clutched his hands in hers. "Renee!" Charlie exclaimed in delight."You're back!" She closed her eyes trying to swallow a lump in her throat. She knew she couldn't cry but it still hurt .Her joyful and loving father had drowned into the demons of Alzheimer's. "I'm not Renee Dad."She said patiently."Im-" " " A voice interrupted." I need you to fill this form for me." "I'll be back Daddy."She promised. Her father's face dimmed as he watched her leave. "Your daughter is a great woman Mr. Swan." Suri addressed. Charlie's eyes widened. "She is my daughter? I have a daughter?" He asked. Suri and Mollisa nodded eagerly. "What's her name? How old is she? Where has she been all this while?" He asked curiously. Suri and Mollisa exchanged smiles before facing him. They both knelt to his level. "Let me tell a story about Ivory Bloodshadow"