did not recognize. I breathed in. "W-what did you d-do to m-me?" I mumbled, my words slurred together almost. Aro smirked, moving closer and getting down to my level. "This is step one. Taking you where no one will ever find you. Have you ever tried starving? It's a really uncomfortable feeling, especially when you can't die." My breath escaped me, and my vision grew tunneling. The world faded away, and my body fell to the side, planting against the ground. I saw the misty shadows of Aro's shoes before my eyes fell closed, the world dimming to black. Time officially meant nothing. There were no sounds. The octagonal room was dim, lit only by the candles that were placed in the corners. Between each set of candles were chains hanging from the ceiling. The reflective metal ran along the concrete wall, catching the light of the flames. At the bottom of the chains hung a person. Sixteen chains. Eight people. Beside me hung Carlisle, then Esme, Emmett, Rosalie, Edward, and Alice on the other side of me. The tunnel vision I was seeing through slowly widened as I grew more aware. My entire family was out, their heads hanging against their chests. It was a distressing scene. I was looking at my family trapped and taken out. We were the coven that inspired, the coven that helped, that saved. Yet, here we are, trapped and very possibly in danger. I looked up at my wrist, the chains sparkling in the light. I pulled my arms, each in turn. The chains rattled but neither budged. I growled, my head slamming back into the wall. Damnit. A low groan forced me to lift my head again. I traced the tops of the heads, coming to rest on Emmett's as his body shook as he came to. "Emmett?" I wondered quietly, my voice extremely rough due to little use, and probably whatever the hell those bastards did to me. He groaned again, lifting his head slightly. His pitch black eyes met mine, his confusion spreading out into the room. He traced the room clumsily, trying to confirm his surrounds, realize where he is. His eyes landed on Rosalie beside him, and he pushed against the wall trying to get closer to her. He looked at his wrist. He stomped his foot against the ground in anger, releasing a growl that reverberated around the room. Finally, he grew completely aware. Once again, he looked over our family, stopping on me. "Where's Bella?" he asked. I looked down at the cobble stone floor, shaking my head slightly. "Safe," I murmured. "I hope, anyway." I gazed at him to see him nodding. "I'm sure she's fine." I lifted my shoulders in an ungraceful shrug. "That's not what I'm worried about." He nodded in understanding before sighing, his eyes tracing the chains that bounded me to the wall. "So, how are we getting out of here, Major?" I lifted my eyes to the ceiling, wanting to kick myself so hard that I might break my backbone. I had no plan, no idea, and no way to get out. I did not even know where we were. How does that help anything? No knowledge. Nothing. I was lost as much as Emmett. That thought just served to piss me off. I snarled. I was the strategist, the Major, damnit. My eyes ran over the room. Steel plates the chain were hooked to that line the walls, the lit golden candles that glowed with orange flames, giving every brick a number, the bolted wooden door that was a few feet from Alice and Edward. There was nothing that gave our location, nothing to help me conjure up a plan. I shook my head, appraising my shoes with sudden interests. Years of experience, and this is all I have to show for it? Trapped, knocked out, knocked out . I'm a vampire, for God's sake. I'm fucking invincible. How the hell? What the? My eyes widened then as I assessed my body. I felt weak, even more so than when I do not hunt for a week or two. My limbs were felt like rubber, simply there, but doing very little. My legs did not feel as bad as my arms, but the feeling was still there. I glanced at Emmett, his confusion growing. "Did they use air poison on you, too?" I asked seriously. He nodded, his eyes finding mine. I was sure they were black as night without stars. "Yes." I groaned. "Shit." "What? What?" Emmett wondered, frantic now. I released my breath through my nose. "We're not as invincible as we thought." Emmett smirked, apparently finding humor in this situation. I, however, found nothing about this funny at all. "Only two things can kill us, Jazz," he said. "Wolves and other vampires ..." his voice trailed away, his eyes widened infinitely. I nodded. "Precisely." "Dear God," he breathed, "What are they doing to us?" I forced his eyes to meet mine. "They're poisoning us." I glanced away a second. "We are all going to die. Completely." Beta's Note: This story was beta'd by Xo BellaItalia oX. Check me out! ^Y'all heard her, she's great and you won't be disappointed! Twists and turns, everyone, twists and turns. Things will not always be this...dark, I promise. Good and bad, can't have one without the other. Anyway, hope everyone liked this chapter and likes what I'm doing with this story. It's going to be way different then WWNHA, but it will all sync together. As always, be sure to review! I'd love to hear what you guys think. Also, remember to favorite and set alerts to be notified for updates. LOOK HERE LOOK HERE: VampSaxAngel has gone to FB! There's a link on my profile. Please go check that out. Like it, and you will hear anything and everything about my stories as well as book reviews that I will be posting. Have a wonderful day! ~Much Love Zoe~VSA~XOXOX