got a hearing problem, now? Dumb motherfu—" And then Emmett says, "Shorty fucked his brains out." And Edward says, "Women aren't stupid, prick." And while a normal person would think that Emmett was insinuating that Peter and I were gone so long because we were getting freaky in the bathroom, which is probably what he does mean, Charlotte doesn't take it that way. She drops the glass in her hands. "Excuse me?" I laugh. I look to Edward, pleading him with my eyes. He sits up to face me. "Just let me get one hit, Bella. One hit, and we'll leave." I frown. "Edward, no. Violence isn't the—" "If you say 'violence isn't the answer' you're a hypocrite and this friendship is over…" he looks away and then back at me. "Just kidding, let's go." I turn to face my dad. "Dad," I look to Peter. "Peter." "Yes?" They answer simultaneously. "I'm sorry, dad… but this wedding isn't happening. I really appreciate all that you've done for me, and I hope we can still be cool after this," I say flatly. "I'll pay you back—I promise." Charlie can barely contain his smile. "You—" Peter cuts him off. "Honey," he tugs on my arm, trying to get me to sit down. "You're drunk, you don't know what you're talking about—" "And I know you've been fucking Charlotte-Harlot over there," I point to her. Harlot's in tears. "And I sincerely hope that you understand that what's going on between us; this isn't love. You don't cheat on people you love. I should have known, too, you suave mother—" I stop short and look down at Maggie. She's coloring on her placemat, doesn't give a fuck. I inhale deeply, because that whole 3rd person-style speech really took it out of me. I may have subconsciously planned it in my head. I probably just sounded drunk and stupid. I grab Edward's hand. "We're leaving. Me, Edward, and Angela," I lean over Edward to talk to Angela. "If you want to leave, Ang. I mean, you can finish your food first. We'll wait." Rose snorts a laugh, and Angie smiles politely. "No," she hasn't even touched her food. "It was delicious. Thank you all." "Whoa, what?!" Peter pushes his chair back until it hits the wall, blocking me from leaving. "What, you were fucking Edward, too? This whole time?" He accuses, standing up to tower over me. "You were, weren't you?" He snatches my wrist. "You can't do that, be a hypocrite when you're just as much of a whore—" Peter doesn't get a chance to finish his sentence. His long-life best friend, Jasper, punches him square in the jaw. The blow of the punch is powerful, sending him flailing to the ground at my feet. "Motherfucker!" Jasper screams, kicking him while he's down. Sonny advances towards us, but Marlo sticks her hand out and places it against his chest to stop him. I can hear her saying, low and pleading, "Leave it." Even Peter's parents know he'd deserves a swift kick in the ass. I tug the engagement ring off of my finger and walk up to Peter, while he's still laying on the ground. Groaning in pain and clutching onto his face, Peter looks up at me through watery lids. "Why did you wait so long to tell me you know? Why even pretend…?" I tuck the band into the front pocket of his shirt and pat it. "I was curious. How long would it take you to tell the truth? I know the answer, you're a dick. Dicks live to lie. How stupid do you really think I am? Women are perceptive creatures. We smell infidelity, we we're raised to stay away from it." He shakes his head. "You're sick—you know that?" "Me?" I point to myself. "You have the balls—the audacity —to call me sick?" I look to Edward and nod. "One, and let's go." Edward kicks Peter in the nuts, Sonny calls the police, and we all flee from the restaurant. Crammed in Edward's beat-up and barely-hanging-on Volvo with Lauren in the front with us and Jessica in the back, Edward holds my hand while Angie tries to make small talk with Benny the Bartender through the window. "Call me!" she screams as he pulls away. "My number is 867-5—" "I really wish you would have told me," Edward says, narrowing his eyes at me. "You knew you weren't going to marry him, and you let me—" "Edward," I begin, but he cuts me off. How was I supposed to tell him? He doesn't shut up. "Like, you just let me go on and on for fifteen minutes. I spilled my heart out in there, and you stomped on it—shit hurt," he rubs his chest, like he's rubbing the pain away. "I fucking love you, girl, and you—" He stops at a light, and I launch myself over the seat to tackle him with my lips. Edward is stunned by the kiss, but I make it sweet, fast, and meaningful. Taking a fistful of his crazy chocolate bronze hair between my fingers, I pull back with an audible smacking sound and smile. "I always loved you. You're my heart, my best friend. I was just waiting for you to come back… and I really wanted to make a production about Peter cheating on me." Best friend smiles, and Angie calls from the back: "Hey, before we go back, can go through the drive-thru? That clam shit was disgusting." AN: Petey Pablo is an American Rapper for the song 'Freek-a-leak' as well as many other smash hits. Gordon Brown is a British politician who was the Prime Minister of the UK from 2007 to 2010; in case you were wondering who Edward was going on about. There was a lot of controversy that Brown has a fake looking, creepy smile. Check it out lol. I know there was some major cliches here, but come on... Benny the Bartender? I love it.