him to take. He lightly placed his hand in hers so she could help him off the floor and onto his feet. "Come on," She called at Jasper. "Wait, Alice," I stopped her. "Yes?" "Why are you helping me?" "I…have a feeling about you." She left it at that and then pranced away, with her sub following closely behind. … An hour and a half later, I had met two Doms, Sir Tyler, and Sir Eric. Sir Tyler was much like Mike, talking to my breasts, but Sir Eric was pretty nice. There was still no chemistry, though. I was beginning to think that I wouldn't meet my Dom that night. "I have to use the restroom," I told Alice as she was holding a glass to Jasper's lips. The wine was finally beginning to affect my bladder. "It's right over there," She pointed past the bar in the far corner. "Thank you." I walked towards where she had pointed. As I got closer, I noticed three pictures on the wall that separated the Women's and Men's bathroom. I didn't stop to look, as I really had to empty my bladder, but I wanted to, so I decided to look after my little "trip". After releasing my bladder, I washed my hands thoroughly, and checked my dress to make sure that there was no food or wrinkles on it. When I was satisfied, I made my way back out of the door, this time stopping to admire the pictures. They were pornographic, but tastefully so. My favorite was the one on the left of a naked submissive, kneeling before her Master, who held a whip under her chin so that she met his eyes. "Do you like them?" I heard a smooth voice ask. I turned to the sound and gasped at the person behind me. He was handsome. He had chiseled cheek bones, pouty lips, and striking green eyes surrounded by long dark lashes. His pale complexion enhanced the color of his deep bronze messy hair. His masculine frame was hidden under a black suit. His eyes widened at first, but went back the normal after a few moments had passed. He cleared his throat and arched a bronze eyebrow, reminding me of his question. "Oh! The photos," I shake my head back and forth, attempting to free myself from my flustered state. "They're great. I love them." I smiled. "I'm quite fond of them as well," He grinned, stepping closer. I feel as if he is a magnet, pulling me towards him. Say something! I mentally shouted at myself. "Do you know who the photographer is?" I asked, twiddling my fingers. I could feel his aura of sureness and dominance from where I was standing. It made me want to bow. I settled for dropping my eyes. "I am," He told me, taking another step closer. "W-wait, you're the photographer?" I gasped. He chuckled, nodding. "I am Master Edward, but you may call me Sir," He held his hand out, palm-up. I took it and, like Sir Caius, he put it to his lips. Unlike Sir Caius, his kiss left a tingling sensation behind. "Hello, Sir." He tilted his head to the side. "What is your name?" He asked me. "M-my name is Isabella. Or Bella…" My heartbeat got faster. "Hello, beautiful Isabella," He greeted, once again, kissing the back of my hand. "Are you new?" "Well… yes, to this community. My ex, um, dabbled…" Why was I telling him this? He smiled. "Why don't you sit down with me?" He offered. I nodded my head eagerly. He took my hand once again, and led me to a seat. "So, Isabella, what do you do?" He questioned when we were settled. I bit my cheek to stop from saying 'I prefer Bella', but, truly, my full name didn't sound bad from his lips. "I'm a story reporter for The Seattle Times newspaper," I answered. "Like a columnist?" He clarified. I nodded, biting my lip. I think I heard a low growl, but I'm not sure. "Do you work from home?" "I can, but usually I go down to the office to type. Sometimes I have to give interviews, but they are mostly over Skype." My words were beginning to come a bit easier. His lips twitched. "What do you do?" I asked softly. "I'm a photographer." He answered slowly. Then I remembered the pictures. "Oh, right, the photographs," I mentally slapped myself. He chuckled nodding. "Primarily, I work for National Geographic." He informed. "Wow, that must be a hard business to get into," I empathized. "I had to kiss a lot of ass," He nodded, which caused laughter from both of us. When we calmed down, he changed the subject, asking, "So, how old are you, Isabella?" "23." I responded automatically. "And, how old are you, Sir?" My voice was soft. "I am 34," He replied. I smiled to myself. I've always liked older men. "How long have you been a Dominant?" I questioned softly. "I have been a Dominant for 5 years now." "How many subs have you had?" I blurted. He arched an eyebrow. I apologized immediately. "I-I'm sorry, Sir, I didn't mean to…" "We will get to that another time," He said simply. I sighed, nodding my head, mentally kicking myself. "Did your ex train you?" He asked as if nothing had happened. "No, h-he really only dabbled; you know, a scene here and there…" He nodded. "Did you know about this lifestyle before your ex?" "Unfortunately, no; Jacob introduced me to BDSM, and taught me the basics, but I didn't know of the lifestyle until after we split." I explained. He smiled. ... The next hour was spent talking. Edward was very charming, and there was definitely a lot of chemistry. Realization finally hit me as he was entering his contact information into my phone. I just found my Master… The link to the picture described in the chapter is on my profile. Review!