do about the girl. I tried to listen for a name, but one was never given. I jogged up the steps, going through the sliding door and into the kitchen. The girl's kept talking as the others filed, each one going to their perspective woman. The sound of rushing water echoed through the house, alerting me that the girl was in the shower. I began to get images, a petite body, luscious curves... I blinked, grabbing a huge muffin off the counter and stuffing my face to distract myself. I leaned against the counter, overlooking the scene before me as I finished my food and the shower cut off. I made to move through the doorway into the living room but Emily stopped me. "Oh, Paul?" she called, and I turned back to her, lifting my eyebrows. "She wanted to speak with you. Go to the back bedroom, that's where she's staying." I nodded, moving through the living room. I reached the hallway and practically scuffed my feet across the carpet to the bedroom door. I stood outside for a few seconds, listening to the rustle of clothing. I raised my hand, patting my knuckles along the wood of the door. A second later, it opened to reveal the girl in all her glory. She wore much too long jeans that were rolled at her ankles and a band shirt with a stretched neck that revealed the soft looking skin of her right shoulder. Her hair framed her face, reaching her waist as it fell perfectly straight due to the water. Her face was clean except for the cut on her lip, and the light bruise on her cheek. To be honest, if it weren't for my perfect vision, I probably would not have even noticed the slight discoloration there, but I could, and that almost made my anger rise up again, but I would not allow myself to lose it around her. She smiled up at me, opening the door wider so I could slide through. The room was bland, a queen bed in the corner with a dresser and another door to the closet and a small tv on the wall. I turned back to her, and she waved a hand to the bed, offering me a seat. I took it, watching her as she sat beside me. "I'm sorry if you think this is weird, my calling you in here, but I just wanted to say thank you for what you did today." She looked up at me. "You saved me, and I really appreciate what you did." I shook my head. "It was nothing. Besides, it wasn't just me." I was trying to get her attention off of me before I just leaned down and kissed her, and I sure wanted to. She smiled in return, my eyes flashing to her lips before I could stop them. "I know," she breathed. "But you were the one that really made him let me go. I needed that. I needed it long ago, I just never knew how to make it happen, and I feared running away." I glanced her way to see that she had dropped her head, eyes watching her hands as they twisted together in her lap. I reached over without thinking, resting my hand on hers. Her eyes caught mine, and I was caught in her gaze, once again glancing down at her lips. "Will you tell me what happened? When it started?" I wondered quietly, eyes moving back to hers. Her lips parted, catching my attention again as she paused. "I will someday," she whispered, her warm breath hitting right above where my heart rested. It bounced in response, pumping harshly for a second, completely entranced with the new sensations that were stirring within me. I released her hands as I stood, her arms raising in response as if they never wanted to be let go. I began to move towards the door, knowing that I needed to get away or else I would end up pulling into this ordeal much earlier than I was prepared to. I made my way to the door, stopping when I felt her presence come up behind me. I turned, looking down to find her almost right at my back. She smiled up at me, coming closer. Her chest and stomach brushed my arm and side as she leaned up, her hand resting on the opposite side of my neck to pull my face down to hers. I leaned down, silently begging for her to slip, her lips touching mine. They landed on my cheek, her soft lips feeling like pure satin on my skin. She pulled away, dropping her hands as she froze beside me, her eyes widened with shock as mine were. There was electricity between us, our hearts beating at rushing tempos. The sound of her heart enveloped me in its sound, the beauty of it displaying life and wonder. Without waiting for her reaction, I escaped the room. I was so close to grabbing her and planting a good one on her, but I did not know if she would appreciate that, and I was not about to wait around to make the mistake that would let me find out. I left, my thoughts screaming at me to turn around. Only, I knew that I could not. It would not help at all. I did decide, however, during my escape, that I would become her friend. After that, I was more than eager to make the journey into, hopefully, my loving her and her loving me back. I sighed roughly. I was turning soft, and for some reason, that did not bother me one bit. Okaaaaayyy. So, I have no idea where this is gonna go or how this is gonna work or if I'm even going to continue it. -shrugs- Want this to turn into a whole story? Leave a review letting me know! Hope you liked it! R&R! ~Much Love, Zoe