the tulle and tosses it aside. "I can't marry you, Edward." She kicks off her shoes. Her feet are bare, toenails painted blue. Her something blue . My something blue. "Will you look at me? Please?" She does, those copper and honey-brown eyes spilling tears. My thumb catches them, pushes them away. "What's going on?" "I love you, Edward. But I don't know if this is the Romeo and Juliet-love you forever-I'd die for you, kind of love. What if… Maybe…" Bella trips over her own words. "What if what ?" My brows scrunch together. "What if we're not soulmates? What if there's someone else out there for you?" Realization travels from my brain throughout my body. My fists curl, my jaw clenches, and my voice snares. "You mean to say, what if there's someone else out there for you. " The fact that she looks away is frightening. Besides my intestines knotting, my back stiffens. My voice is suspended in mid-air between us. "Is there someone else?" My words threaten to asphyxiate me. She doesn't answer and refuses to look in my direction. "Bella?" Even though I'm waiting for an answer, there's only one I will accept. A sound escapes her throat, and I want to believe it's an emphatic no, but she's nodding. Fucking nodding . Her curls fall forward, hiding her face, which I can't stomach anymore. Tears burn my eyes. Bella is talking, but there's a whooshing in my ears, and I only hear snippets of what she's saying. She's sorry. She never meant for any of this to happen. She wishes she would have told me sooner. She hopes I can forgive her. I'm about to throw up. "Who is it?" I yank the stupid bowtie off, but my throat is still constricted. "Who's who ?" I narrow my eyes at her. "The guy — who is it?" She shakes her head. "No one you'd know." "Bullshit! Is it James from work? Peter? It's fucking Garrett, isn't it?" "It doesn't matter, Edward." "It matters to me!" Bella croaks a name, but I hear her loud and clear. I envision fifty ways to make James die—none of them are pleasant. "How long?" I clear my throat before I ask the question I don't want to know the answer to. "How long have you two been… been… " I can't finish. My hands drag through my hair. "We haven't," she says. I blow out what little breath I have left in my lungs at the small consolation prize. And then she slides a knife into my gut. " Yet ." Those butterflies I felt in my stomach earlier? They just died. "Do you love him?" Bella replies with a shrug and a shake of her head. "You're willing to throw away everything we have for something completely unknown?" "I don't know, okay?" Her voice rises. "Why the fuck are you pissed off?" I demand. "I wasn't expecting an interrogation." "You thought I'd be okay with this? Let you walk away from me without answering any fucking questions? I'm a lot of things, Bella, but I'm not a fucking idiot." She places her hand on my arm. I flinch and she withdraws it, but where her fingers touched still stings. "Edward." The way she says my name, her voice like saccharin, is genuine. It breaks my heart a little more. "I'm so, so sorry. James and I, we were working on that project together, remember?" Of course I remember. Weeks of overtime, my calls going unanswered, promises that everything would go back to normal when the project was done. And it did. At least, I thought it did. "There's something between us. I can't ignore it." Bella continues talking and I hear her, but I'm unable to comprehend anything. The words are foreign and make no sense. I watch a bug by my feet. It walks left, cocks its head, walks right, and cocks its head again; over and over. His zig-zag approach is so he can visualize targets or danger. He's alert; en garde . I lift my foot, and the bug flattens under the weight of my sole. Dead before he knows what hit him. Completely blindsided. I know exactly how it feels. I point inside the church. "What am I supposed to tell everyone in there?" "Tell them I'm a horrible person, because I am." She is, she really is. But I fucking love her. Even now, with my heart obliterated and splayed on the sidewalk, I still love her. "I'm going to… I should probably go." Bella stands and my anger gives way to desperation. I reach out and catch hold of her dress. I shake my head, tears drip from my eyes, and I beg, fucking beg her to stay. As futile as trying to empty the ocean into a thimble, I try to change her mind. "Bella, don't do this. Please . We don't have to get married today. I can wait. I will. Just please don't leave me." Like a mother frees herself from her child's desperate clutches, she peels my fingers one by one off the silk of her skirt. "I'm so sorry." She holds my hands in hers and stares into my eyes. "You're going to be okay, Edward." I shake my head. I won't be okay. I don't think I'll ever be okay again. Bella releases my hands. She says nothing as she gathers her shoes and her veil. I watch her leave. She walks away from me, her heels in one hand and my heart in the other. The train of her dress drags on the sidewalk behind her. She keeps walking and doesn't look back. Memories wash over me; from a five-year-old's crush to the crushing pain in my chest. Bella, the girl whose name alone makes me smile, the woman I lost my virginity to on a rain-soaked Sunday afternoon, is disappearing from view. The kaleidoscope of memories all come back. But she never does.