glared at him, as Isabella turned her back to him, leaning her head into my chest as she continued her ministrations of the cloth on my shoulder. His eyes switched to mine. "Yes, General?" I asked my voice hard. "General Washington wishes to see you, immediately," he replied. I nodded and looked down at Bella. She had moved her head and was now staring straight at General Lee. With her hypnotizing eyes, I could see he was getting uncomfortable under her gaze. He stared a moment, trying to compete with her, but he soon failed and walked out of the tent. I snickered. He was such a coward. "I believe you scared him, Angel," I murmured. She lifted an eyebrow, placing the cloth in the water. "It's no more than he deserves," she grumbled, picking up my shirt, "I'm uncomfortable around him, Jasper." I rubbed her shoulder, standing. "He will not get close to you." She stood, and I pecked her forehead softly. She smiled beautifully, holding my shirt up. I turned, slipping my arms in the sleeves. I faced her again, and she began buttoning the shirt. She quickly had everything done. "I love you," she whispered, love shining in her eyes. "I love you," I murmured, kissing her lips softly. "I'll be back soon." I stepped out into the sunlight, shading my eyes as I made my way to General Washington's tent. I reached it, and stuck my head through the flap. "General?" He looked up from the paper in his hand. He smiled, nodding his head to confirm my entrance. I walked in, sitting on the stool across from his. He turned, folding and resting the paper on the short desk beside him. "Good evening, Mr. Whitlock," he said. "You too, sir," I looked about the tent, noticing the crumbled map to the side. Deep marks lined the parchment, ink spill stains littering the entire canvas. "Problems, sir?" I wondered, motioning to the destroyed paper. He glanced at it, "Some. I was wondering, what are your thoughts on Ft. Washington?" My eyes met his. Personally, it sounded like a bad idea, especially since we lost the battle this morning... "Do we have enough men for that?" He stood, moving to the entry way and pushing the flap to the side. He stared out for a moment before turning and waving his hand for me to stand beside him. I stood and came to him. He pointed out to the camp, and my eyes followed his direction. The camp was filled with downtrodden men, bleeding men, starving men, sick men. I looked to him, my eyebrows pulled together. "We need to boost the morale. Ft. Washington may be our only hope to do that, as of late." He rested his hand on my uninjured shoulder, grasping the fabric there. "I want to bring a win to the colonies. Then, we can restart the Revolution with a win," he stated. I nodded, looking away. "It's your decision, sir." I stared at him. "Though, I pray that your plan does not backfire. Otherwise, you will have even less of an army than you have now." He patted my shoulder, silently agree. "We will go to the fort." He sat back on his stool, lifting the paper from earlier back into his view. "You are dismissed." I walked out, making my way to mine and Bella's tent. My mind racing as I looked over the men scattered around the area. They were the living pictures of some sort of success. Even when retreating, we were still the strongest for our hearts. Though, that meant nothing with no will to fight. Another loss could tear the army down so much that many decidedly backed out of their positions, leaving the cause to return to their families. I could not, would not, leave. I would only do so if Bella wished, but she will follow me. It's doubtful that we will go anywhere, but what about the other men? Assuredly, they would wish to return to their old lives. The cause would be wasted on them. It officially meant nothing. I shook my head, forcing a low growling sound to rumble through my chest. I passed through the flap of our tent, my thoughts not stopping as I tumbled onto the bed, resting on my uninjured side. One loss and everything falls to the deepest pits of hell. I was beginning to feat that all of this was a wasted effort. It would take a lot to get everything back on track. I flipped to my back carefully. The fight, the drive was fading fast. To the British, this was simply a dot on their calendars, but for us it was our entire year going up in flames. Too often I had seen the strength of men fail. I refused to see it happen again. Fort Washington would have to be won. If not, then we must find a way to make everyone stay close, stay in the war, even if just a bit longer. I had a bad feeling about Washington's idea, but I could tell that something was brewing beyond this oddly crafted idea, something big. Something we need. A win, even if just one. As they say, "less is more..." " These are the times that try men's souls..." ~Thomas Paine- American Crisis (1776) There's the first chapter! This was not as action filled as I would have liked, but things will get better, and there will be even more fluffy moments with Jasper/Bella. There are historical facts listed in this story. I will be researching as I go and will make every event as accurate as possible while fitting everything into the story. Please, review, favorite, and set alerts. I would love to hear what everyone has to say! ~Much Love-Zoe-VSA-XOXOX P.S. Bear in mind, these chapters will come out with my research/studies; therefore, these will not be amazingly quick chapters, but they will definitely be worth it! :)