at the back. Seth wiped the tears from his face and looked at me and said "We were up in the mountains with Bella and Edward when Victoria attacked with Riley. I was dealing with Riley and Edward was dealing with Victoria. Mina was protecting Bella that best she could." So, Mina was the woman's name? "Riley was beating me and I was nearly done when I guess she had enough. The next thing I knew, she appeared from the air and started fighting him with as much strength as she could," Seth continued. "She managed to get rid of one of his hands but he slashed her stomach open. I don't think she realised what happened until after she killed him. Mina just set him on fire and then collapsed in the snow." More tears fell from his eyes as I knew he was feeling guilt from what happened. I decided to at least try and make him feel better. "She was just trying to protect everyone," I said kindly. "She didn't want to see anyone get hurt., she obviously cares for everyone." "But she shouldn't have done that!" Seth just about shouted. "She hasn't even been able to change into her wolf form yet!" This actually surprised me. I had never before heard of a wolf that was unable to change into its true form. Suddenly, an earth shattering scream cut through the air, taking me away from my thoughts. Emmett ran into the room, looking unbelievably worried. "She's getting worse," he said nervously. "Help Seth," I ordered him and I disappeared to the medical room. Upon arriving, I could see Mina laying on the stretcher, wide awake and clutching her stomach and crying in pain. I went to her side and got her attention by gently touching her cheek. "Mina," I said softly. She turned to look at me with bright scared blue eyes. "Carlisle," she responded. I nodded as a way to tell her that she had my attention. "It hurts," she whimpered. I softly caressed her cheek and gave her a sympathetic look. "I'll just take a look," I said. Gently, I grabbed the ends of her shirt and lifted it up slightly to assess the damage that had been done. Three long deep scratches went across her stomach and was bleeding in a vast amount. Quickly, I sealed up the severed blood vessels working as quick as I could so that she wouldn't be in any pain. I looked over at Mina to see that she had fallen asleep on the stretcher. I don't know what it was but to be honest, I was quite taken with her. I loved how her dark hair brought out the complexion of her skin and how her heart beated in a slow soothing manner. I quickly shook away those thoughts. Now wasn't the time. I sterilised a needle and grabbed some dissolvable thread. I then prepared a bowl of cold water and prepared some mild soap, grabbing a wash cloth in the process. I dipped the washcloth into the water and rubbed the soap into the material to create lather. Softly, I wiped away the blood from her stomach along with the traces of dirt and bacteria so that she wouldn't be harmed by anything that could hurt her. Next, I put the thread through the needle and bit the thread to the necessary length. I wiped my forehead and began sewing shut Mina's wounds. I took my time, making sure that everything was being handled with care. Mina was still asleep so I was able to work without any disturbances. When I finished with the first wound, Edward walked in. "Is she alright?" he asked with concern. I turned to look at my son for a moment and nodded. "She'll be fine," I responded. "From what I heard, she was quite brave." He nodded. I mentally asked Edward is what Seth said was true. "It's true," Edward answered my question. "I saw her in the snow." The next thing I knew was that Edward showed me a mental picture and all I could see was Mina laying in the snow, head turned to the side. Her eyes were closed just like they were now and her hair was away from her face and splayed all over the ground, blood beginning to pour from her stomach and onto the snow covered ground, creating a faint red cloud. To me, it looked like an angel had perished, I was that captivated. As I looked back at the present Mina, I knew then that things would never be the same... I found myself wondering how she was now. "Last I heard she went away," I said to Edward, Jasper and Renesmee. Jasper stayed silent whereas Renesmee walked over and put her hand on my cheek, I began to see her memories. I saw Mina being tackled by her pack members whilst she laughed, I could see Renesmee hugging her and see Mina telling stories of what she had got up to on her trip away. The last thing that I saw was actually Mina sat alone in her bedroom as she began to softly play a melody on her violin. I yearned to hear more but the memory got cut short far to soon. I looked at my grand daughter in wonder as she smiled. "Get to know her," she said. "You can learn a lot from the pack as well. They highly respect her for all that she has done." I nodded, getting lost in my thoughts. Edward, knowing I needed time alone, led his daughter out the room and I couldn't help but ask myself, what can tomorrow bring? Well there you are guys, the first chapter to a brand new story. Mina will develop more throughout the story and you will see her relationships with the other characters start to grow, especially with Carlisle. Please leave a review and let me know what you think :)