be good in the back of a car the first time, Rosie." "He said that it gets better, which I guess is true since it didn't hurt so much toward the end." I hear a soft knocking on the door and set the ladle down. "Someone's here, I'll call you back." "Let your mom get it." I still haven't told her about my mom. "It's okay; I'll call you back later." I hang up the telephone and make my way to the heavy iron door. I'm not tall enough to see through the peephole so I keep the chain locked as I open it, peering through the crack. I gasp at when I see a familiar bald figure looking down at me with a sadistic smile. "Little Bella … is your mother home?" No. "She's … she's asleep," I lie. "She won't be up for a few hours, but I can have her call you." I go to pull away and slam the door closed as a hand reaches out to grasp my hair, yanking me to him. I scream in pain, scratching at the hand on my scalp. "I don't think so." His rough voice breathes into my ear. "Let me in, now. " I scan my eyes around the room, searching for something to protect myself with as I reach for the latch. I unlock the door and stumble back a foot, screaming as he pushes his way inside. "You know your mother took ten grand from my bank account the other day?" he asks, reaching down to snatch me up by my hair. I screech and kick, trying to fight my way free of his arms. "I know she isn't here, you lying little bitch." "I don't know where she is!" My voice strangles with a scream. He reaches down for me again and I quickly roll to my hands and knees, shooting up from the floor to run into the kitchen. I crouch down beside the stove, my heart thrumming away in my chest. "Bella," he calls from the hallway. "I wish you'd stop trying to run away from me, little girl." I peer over the stove to watch him entering the kitchen. I squeeze my eyes closed and slap my hand over my mouth. Please go away, I beg. Please leave me alone. "Me and your mama we're real close, you know." The dull clunk of his boots grows louder. "She said you're a big girl now … so why don't you come out and talk to me like one?" I scream into my hands as he pulls me up by the sleeve of my jacket. I can feel it ripping along the sides, but the bald man doesn't care. He grins down at me like I'm his new prized possession. "You're a pretty little thing, aren't you?" he mutters, trailing his thumb over my cheek. I reach behind me and unleash a pained scream when my hand grazes across the lit burner. I turn to the pot of boiling water, ignoring the throbbing in my palms as I realize my only defense is right here. I quickly wrap my hand around the pot and direct it at my attacker, but half of it splashes to the floor before it can even reach his coveralls. When the water splashes down his hands, his head snaps up and something unfathomable crosses his eyes. His lips tug with a snarl as he takes one step closer, gathering my hair in his hand to tug me over to him. "You little bitch!" "Let me go!" I scream at the top of my lungs, but my call for help is cut off as I feel my head flying toward the kitchen cabinet. I try to find something to steady myself, but the hand on the back of my head is too strong. Unconsciousness envelopes me slowly. It's like trying to fall asleep when you're not tired. One second you're fighting it, and then you're just … Not. . . . Red. It's the first thing I see when I open my clouded eyes. Painted along the walls of the kitchen. Patterned in handprints across the floor. I take in the scenery through heavy, throbbing eyelids. There's a dead man beside me An angel at my ear Whispering things I am too tired To believe. " You'll never be alone again, Bella." Icy fingertips trail along my forearm, painting it in the same crimson color. " Just tell me it's okay …" A groan leaves my mouth. The throbbing intensifies, and my neck stiffens. " Tell me I can have you forever." My head turns toward the sound of the angel in my ear, and my heart picks up speed. It's slamming away in my chest, trying to escape through my ribcage. There's a boy with red eyes and blood dripping from his lips. He's here, holding me in his arms and promising me I won't have to be alone anymore. I push my head to nod weakly. "Edward." His name is a soft whimper leaving my lips, one I wouldn't think he would be able to hear. "I'm here, Bella." His voice rings clearer in my ears. His fingers push between mine, holding them to my chest. "I won't go again … I promise you. You can close your eyes." I do. And then I feel it. Sharp and icy Burning, sinking Spreading through the flesh beneath my ear. My heart beats harder than ever, pumping and pumping away. I gasp for air for the first time, fighting for oxygen I know I need. My eyes fall closed and my senses come to me in flashes. The blood racing through my veins burns and boils down to the tips of my fingers, and still I shudder because it somehow seems colder than the rest of me. My heart is pound, pound, pounding and I'm holding onto Edward for fear of being left alone. And then I'm just … Not.