sick. "I had to…" He continued, "to take you out before he proposed to you tonight or forced you to marriage if you said no. I was so relieved when you ran out of that restaurant tonight. You made everything a whole lot easier. I just know he is going to be upset when he finds out you haven't been found." I felt fear consume me. If we got caught I would definitely be forced to marriage. I suspected that was going to happen tonight. That was why I drank so much and ran out. We had to escape or there would be no tomorrow for both Edward and I. "Thank you Edward. I understand why you couldn't blow your cover and none of it was your fault." He still looked like he was in pain as he glanced at me slightly, but he seemed relieved that I wasn't angry at him. Why would I be angry? He's trying to help me escape and he knows some of what I've been through. It hadn't been that long, but I knew from experience that we were reaching the border's. The borders though are surrounded by thousands of men with high tech equipment. When I tried to escape by crossing I was stupid enough to think that if I got caught I wouldn't be shot because I was "important" to him. After I was returned to him he mentioned that I was better off dead then without him in my life. That memory was beginning to plague me and I felt panic arising in my throat. "Edward I don't think we can leave." I whispered. My heart was beginning to speed up, my body began to shake, and a sweat was breaking down my back. I couldn't leave. "What? Why?" He looked at me with alarm and I just felt guilty about the emotions consuming me. I was scared, I couldn't leave this town now. "Edward I can't. Take me back." I felt it… the hysterics coming out of me. I bet Edward never saw the old me like this. I tried to stop myself but I couldn't! I was beginning to cry and panic. The punishment would be bad if I was caught. "Bella stop!" He said alarmed. I pulled my hand away from his grasp and I attempted to open the door. I had to get out, I had to go back! The door was locked and so I tried to open the window, but it was also locked. I looked at Edward with a pleading look. He looked shocked to see me reacting this way and he attempted to calm me down. I ignored everything he said about escaping and punched the window. My hand was bloody, but the adrenaline pushed me forward. "Bella! Please calm down!" Edward shouted as he halted the car to a stop along the road. This was the perfect opportunity to leave. I pushed away the last pieces of glass left and tried to pull myself out. Edward wouldn't be able to save me from the punishment. He would die and then I would be alone again. He tried to pull me back, but I fought with all my strength. I heard his strangled cry. He was giving up. Yes, Edward give up . I thought. This would save us both. I pushed myself out the window and ran back. The road was empty Edward's car was the only car here. I didn't dare to glance back and look at Edward's face. He would be broken. I just knew it in my heart he was going to have that same gloomy look from earlier. I didn't want to look because I knew I would feel guilty. "I'm sorry." I repeated over and over as I ran. I wanted to look back at that beautiful man one last time because I believed that he wouldn't look after me again after this. I glanced though because I weak hearted, I had to see his face. I turned around and there he was. He was running after me. He looked so determined to catch up to me. I tried to push myself harder because he was catching up. "No, no, no, no, Edward let me go!" I shouted back. I continued on looking forward. I was feeling tired and my whole body ached from pushing it. "Bella I'm not giving up on you!" He shouted as he closed up the gap between us and engulfed me in his arms as he pulled us both down. I felt the air leave my body as I landed on my side. Edward was trying to shield me from the fall so he fell directly on the ground. While I tried to sense what I injured as I stretched he quickly put me underneath him and he sat on top of as he held my hands secured. I tried to move away but he was too strong for me. "Bella please." He begged. I looked at his appearance and he seemed to have aged in this short time with me. I felt the guilt hitting me. "I'm sorry." I cried. I was too weak. I couldn't leave without fearing for my life. "I'm going to protect you." Edward answered as if he read my mind. "You can't." I gasped out. "Yes, I can Bella just let me do my job." He said fervently as he reached behind his back pocket. "Edward what are you going to do?" I asked in fear. "Bella nothing bad. I just want to protect you, but you aren't letting me. Alice warned me Argus would have this effect on you so I came prepared." Alice? I closed my eyes as I tried to remember who she was, if I knew her, but I couldn't remember. I opened them and by then Edward had a syringe in his hand. He injected it on my left arm and within a matter of seconds I felt darkness consume me.