wondering where she had gotten such an image like this in the building. Imagination? Possibly. But, could the doctor be correct? What if she did suffer from something psychological? Glancing over the picture again, I handed it back to her. I, for some reason, was not surprised by the girl's revelation of knowledge. I was unaffected. I knew something was going to happen when I entered this room. The girl took her picture back slowly, carefully, watching me with ultimate clarity and curiosity. I felt fear from her, as well, but only lightly. I surmised that the fear was more for my reaction than me personally. "How do you know, and where did that image come from?" I asked quietly, openly, leaving the question open for a rain check in case she felt the need to bolt or drop the subject altogether. She turned her head away from me, her eyes looking out the window. "How I know is my story, and I think that should wait until I know you better," she murmured, glancing at me for confirmation to her words. I did not nod nor did I speak. I just allowed my eyes to capture hers, passing on my consent to her words. She continued, "As for the drawing...well, you see, I have this...gift, curse, thing." "What kind of thing?" I asked, my forehead scrunching up slightly as I leaned forward, my elbows on my knees, my eyes watching her. She shifted beneath my gaze, turning in her seat so her feet dangled on an armrest, her back resting against the other. "I can see spirits, demons, apparitions. The doctor wasn't lying nor was he wrong." Her eyes met mine, and I could see the fear within their navy depths. A sense of worthlessness filtered out to me, and I longed to rid her of the emotion forever. What could have called on such an emotion? I would find out soon enough. "And you've seen that?" I asked, tapping a finger on the top of her book, my cold skin brushing her warm skin. I was shocked at the connection, electricity buzzing up my arm and through my chest, filling me with warmth from head to toe. She must have felt it to because she raised her eyebrow in question, soon shaking it off. "I have. In fact, I can look at him right now," she whispered, suddenly feeling true fear, her eyes become shifty as her body seemed to curl into itself, her knees coming to her chest. "Does he hurt you?" I questioned lowly, a slight growl lilting through my voice, feeling the anger within me growing already at the creature. She glanced down, and I clenched my teeth, feeling fury that I could not wholly explain. On top of that, I felt this insane need to protect and care for the girl. Where had that come from? Shaking my head imperceptibly, I brushed off the raging emotions within me, calming myself so I did not do anything stupid. "They all do, eventually. Physically? No, he hasn't," she replied, averting her eyes. Sighing, I moved forward, dropping to my knees in front of the girl. I tilted my head up and bent down as I could look up at her face, hidden slightly by her hair. Her eyes met mine, and I could see that she was shocked to see me so close. "Listen, my names Jasper," I muttered bluntly, randomly. "You are?" I already knew her name from the door, but I was asking properly. "Bella," she breathed, her voice releasing like a soft melody. I smiled at her, pleased to see her cheeks lift in response. "Well, Bella, I would be more than happy to know your story." My smile widened. "So, if you would not mind, I would like for you to be adopted into my family. We can help you in any way we can, and we can try to protect you from the demons. We can't see them, but you can teach us how to be rid of them. I have a feeling that that is what you do, but you don't need to be doing it alone, that I do know. And, believe me, I don't know much about the supernatural." She giggled in response to that, and I reveled in the sound. "Will you do me the honor of soon finding out your story? Will you allow me to help you and give you a home?" Her eyes glistened with unshed tears, and I soon found myself enveloped in her arms, loving the feeling of having them wrapped around me, the warmth of her skin sinking through my shirt and into my own skin. I was lit on fire. "I'd love to," she breathed in my ear. "Thank you so much." She sniffled lightly, and I rubbed her back in content. This was the right thing to do. And my family and I could help her. Couldn't we? I suppose only time will tell, and, in that time, I would really like to get to know the mysterious, ghost seeing Swan in my arms. There was so much more to her. I could see that just from our brief meeting. We would gain a member, and she would gain a home. It was the perfect set-up. I smiled into Bella's hair. This would be good for us, for me. Welcome to the family, Bella. This is your new dawn. Alrighty, then! Hope you liked it! I actually have a lot of ideas for this story that I can't wait to write! Want me to continue, type in the box down there and let me know! Read, Review, Hope you Enjoyed! ~Much Love, Zoe P.S. Jasper is cool around blood, as he usually is in my stories. I hate the blood lust barrier. Not that it won't come in later in the story, because it might, but it doesn't affect anything in the great scheme of things! Until next time...