again in pain and need. "I'm sorry Daddy! I'm so sorry!" "Beg for more punishment, you've been a bad, bad slut." "Please-" she began. SMACK . "Please hit me again!" Smack . "I've been a whore." SMACK. "I am such a slut that I couldn't control myself around your big, wide dick, Daddy!" Smack. This continued for several minutes as her reddened ass began bruising under his merciless hand. Finally, the smacking stopped and the only sound was Bella's muffled tears. She felt and heard his hands yank her bra off of her, exposing her big breasts and peaked nipples, leaving her only in her green thong. "W-w-what are you doing, Daddy." Bella stammered, feeling even more vulnerable in the cool, dark interior of the SUV. "Well baby, I'm going to fuck you." Her pussy, which she had thought couldn't possibly get wetter, wept with relief even as a shiver of fear passed over Bella. This was all that she had wanted, and, yeah she'd had sex before, but never with anyone twice as big. Plus, how rough was he going to be? Could she even handle it? He thrust his big hand into her panties and was immediately surrounded by her wet heat. "My, my, my. Aren't you a very turned on slut? You really like being violated by me don't you?" He chuckled as he felt the immediate flow of liquid deep in her crotch. She blushed, not liking him knowing how turned on she was with her unable to do anything about it. Then, curling his finger, he began stroking her clit. Bella couldn't answer as she let out a whimper, trying to move herself against his fingers. He hovered a finger around her opening and whispered threateningly, "answer me!" "Unggg, yes, daddy. Please, daddy, violate me again! I'm so ready for you." "You sound like a bitch in heat," he said. "and I'm going to treat you like one." She stopped thinking however, when he suddenly thrust three fingers deep into her cunt in one swoop. She screamed. He held his fingers still though, and she let out a whimper at the tension she was feeling. "Well, whore, fuck yourself on my fingers. But you are not allowed to cum until I tell you to." She began thrusting her entire body back on his hands, ecstatic finally to have him touching where she had most craved him. But after only a few thrusts, she began to panic. She was so close to cumming but she couldn't make herself stop. "Please" she breathed, "Please daddy, may I cum? Please" Suddenly he withdrew his fingers all at once and smacked her ass again hard. "I said no!" "I'm sorry, Daddy. I'm so sorry!" Bella wept at the loss. Wanting him back. Without any warning, her wish was fulfilled. He ripped her panties completely off her, put both hands at her waist, and shoved his dick, up to the hilt, into her tight, clutching pussy. "Aghhhhh, yessss daddy," Bella moaned. The pain of having him stretch her out more than ever before was trumped by her desire to be fucked properly. There was only one rising problem. "Please let me cum, please, let me cum Daddy." She panted as her voice went up several octaves. Her eyes were rolling to the back of her head in pleasure. He continued thrusting mercilessly. "Maybe I'm not going to let you cum at all," he leered. Bella was sobbing as he continued ploughing roughly into her with no hope of release. This was the sweetest agony she'd ever been in, and she couldn't decide if she wanted it to stop or not. After minutes passed of the sweet torture, she was finally relieved. "Okay baby, I'll let you cum," her charitable daddy smiled. "Cum, Now!" With a moan of relief and tears of gratitude streaming down her face, she came. Hard. Her pussy began clenching down as she nearly passed out in pleasure. All of that waiting made it the strongest orgasm she'd ever had before. He groaned as her muscles clenched down on his dick, but kept thrusting a little longer until he couldn't take it either. He pulled out, causing her to moan at the loss, and quickly turned her around so she was again facing him. Then, just as before, he came all over her face and chest and hair. The only difference, was that she was able to catch some in her mouth this time and taste the man who had been pummeling her. "Mine," he grunted, looking at his finished product. Bella lay there, completely naked, panting with her tongue hanging out of her mouth (stained white with cum), and covered in two complete coatings of his sperm. "I'm yours, Daddy." She panted, wishing this didn't have to end in her arrest. "You know, baby, I never called in that I was arresting you, I think you've earned your way out of a sentence or ticket of any kind." "You mean, I don't have to go to jail?" She asked, hope lighting up her eyes. "Well, I might bring you in anyway, but I no official booking or sentencing for you," he said smearing his cum around her nipples. She didn't think after that whole affair, she could be turned on again, but already she felt warm liquid begin running down her thighs. "Wait, why would we be going to jail?" she quivered, biting her lip. I mean as much as she wanted him to rock her world again, she didn't know if it was worth having a record. She looked up at his name badge. Office Charlie, that's the name of the man who's ruined all future sex for you. "Well there are a couple empty cells there currently, and you know what they do in jail..." he looked at her naked body and actually licked his lips. "W-w-what, Daddy?" she whispered, fighting the urge to rub her crotch along his leg. "Anal, baby." he smirked.