she asked me directly. "I, um… Shit. I think… I might be in love with you." I scrubbed my hands over my face. "Honestly, I don't really know what I feel toward, you but I want us to figure this out." "Hello, asshole. Remember me?" I pointed at Tyler but addressed Bella. "And seeing you with him? With anyone but me? It drives me insane." Bella's hands began to shake, and I wanted to gather her in my arms and make it right. "I don't mean to upset you. It's the last thing I want to do, but I think we could work. I know you a hell of a lot better than he ever will. Go ahead, ask Tyler a question he should know the answer to. What's your favorite book? Ice cream? Shit, ask him something easy… what do you take in your coffee." Tyler snorted. "She loves chocolate ice cream, all girls do, and she takes cream and two sugars in her coffee. Her fav book is… well, I don't know what it is. We're too busy fucking to have time to read." I wanted to smack the smug look off his face. I shook my head. "Wrong. She hates ice cream. Her favorite book is Pride and Prejudice , and yes, she does takes cream and two scoops of sugar in her coffee; but when she thinks nobody's looking, she adds a third. Don't you see, Bella? You and me… it's supposed to be you and me." Tears welled in her eyes. "I loved you then; you love me now. I'm pretty sure love only works when two people love each other at the same time." " Then ? What do you mean, you loved me then ?" Anger reddened her cheeks. "That night when I kissed you. I was trying to tell you… I hoped you'd figure out that I… that I…" "That you what?" I wanted her to say it aloud, make it a reality. "That I had feelings for you, okay? But after that kiss, it was obvious you didn't feel the same. I was humiliated. When you took me out to dinner, I realized I'd rather have you as a friend than not in my life at all. And then Tyler asked me out. I've moved on. I'm with him now." "Do you love him?" I asked quietly. "That's not a fair question." "Yes, it is." She shrugged. "We've only been together for a short while so, no, I don't. But, can I see myself falling in love with him and being happy? Yes. And, right now, I don't know how I feel about you, either. I need some air." Bella escaped from the kitchen and I started after her. Tyler stood firmly in my way. I growled in protest, and he shoved me backward. I pushed right back, and we started to scuffle. He got one solid punch to my upper cheek, under my left eye. "Stop!" Emmett's voice boomed before I could retaliate. "None of that. Not on my watch! Tyler, you stay here. Edward—outside." "But, Bella," I protested. Rosalie laid her hand on my arm. "I'll talk to her." Tyler glared at me, and I glowered at him as I bumped past. Outside, Emmett folded his arms across his chest and narrowed his eyes at me. "What the hell are you doing, Edward?" I shook my head. "I don't know." "You better not be fucking with Bella's head." I sat down on the steps to the building, Emmett beside me. "What's fucking with my head is her. She's all I think about. I dream about her. Every night when I come home, I pray that Jasper and Alice are fucking someone so I can get her alone. That first kiss? It loops on repeat in my brain. 'What if' questions niggle away at me. What if I'd kissed her back? What if I hadn't wasted all those months with Vanessa? What if, what if?" I scrubbed my hands over my face. "I don't know what the fuck is going on." He threw his arm heftily over my shoulders. "You, my friend, are undeniably in love." "With a girl who doesn't love me back." He nodded. "Yeah, that's a problem." "This sucks." "Yep." Emmett and I sat outside for a couple of hours. The party-goers finally cleared out, and when it was quiet, we headed back in. Rosalie was waiting for Emmett. I was too scared to ask where Bella was. I walked back to my room, feet and heart both heavy. Bella was there, sitting by her door, and stood up when I approached. Her mascara had run black lines down her pretty face. "Nice shiner," she said. I shrugged. "You sure know how to confuse a girl, don't you?" "Bella, I'm so sorry. God, I'm such an idiot." She agreed. "Yes, you are. And Tyler says to tell you you're an asshole." "I deserve that." "Maybe. But you're a cute asshole." "What?" "Shut up and kiss me, Cullen." Her arms wrapped tight around my neck as mine slid around her waist. I pulled her closer, melding together. Our mouths connected, our tongues met again, and this time it was me who was moaning. "Wait." She pulled her lips away from mine. "I can still call you Cullen, right?" "Fuck, yes. It's sexy as hell when you do." "You're sexy as hell. Oh, and by the way, Jasper and Alice are hooking up tonight. I saw them head into your room earlier. Which means my room is free." She waggled her eyebrows suggestively. "You know," I mumbled between kisses. "We really should thank those necktie nymphos. They sort of had a hand in getting us together." She tugged me forward by way of her teeth nipping at my lips, her fingers unbuttoning my shirt. "Speaking of us getting together…" She reached out and snatched the necktie off my door and transferred it to hers. "Get in here now, Cullen."