back against the beam, listening to my lullaby as it ran around on replay. I was pulled from my thoughts as the door opened behind me. I turned my head slightly, glancing over as Edward shut the door behind him. He turned, his eyes locking with mine, the beautiful love he has for me shining through his irises. My lips curled, and I immediately grimaced as the cut pulled. "Oh, Bella," he sighed, coming towards me and sinking down on his knees beside me. He looked me over, raising a hand to my cheek. The cold of his skin seeped into mine, and I swear I purred. He cradled my face, stroking his thumbs over the apples of my cheeks. I sighed gently, my eyes still locked with his. "You're numbing the pain," I whispered. "Good," he breathed quietly, moving a hand to run his fingers over my lips. I pressed a gentle kiss to each finger as it past, knowing that the feeling of cut must have been the slightest bit unpleasant against his oversensitive skin; though, he never gave no inclination to such a thing. If anything, his eyes darkened as I watched him closely with every brush of my lips. When I got each finger, he moved his hands away, simply staring at me in that unnerving way that he often did. The seconds moved on, and I finally found my voice to ask, "What is it?" Edward smiled sweetly, shaking his head slightly. "It's nothing. It's just..." I raised an eyebrow as his voice trailed, watching, entranced, as his eyes sparkled with stars as they reflected into his eyes, highlighting the golden hue. "You're so brave and amazing and beautiful and intelligent and giving. I mean, my God, Bella, you gave five thousand dollars for a date with me. You gave that to charity, Sweetheart, not to me, not for me." He gave a short laugh. "And then you beat up Lauren for being the self-righteous bitch she is." He looked down my body slyly, raking in my form. My cheeks heated. "It's kinda...sexy." I resisted the urge to snort as I looked down his body, taking in the same attire as I did earlier. If I was sexy, then he was a god. "You know, you're not so bad looking yourself," I joked before quickly shifting forward and to the side, moving to my knees as I practically fell against his chest. He laughed with me as I melted into him, my side burning a little as I rammed into his rock hard chest. His arms weaved around me in a loving embrace, and I looked up into his eyes to see that emotion reflected back to me, my eyes glowing through his in the same way. "Just so you know, I don't always need you to save me, surprisingly enough." He rolled his eyes, moving us so he had his legs stretched forward with me straddling his waist. My hips rolled into his for a second, and his eyes darkened just a fraction. I would not have even noticed it were I not so intent on focusing on his face. "That may be true," he said, "but I'm still always going to save you." I nodded my head, my drying hair bouncing. "Of course. I wouldn't expect anything less." I smiled, and he returned it as I sunk even deeper in his chest. I leaned forward slightly, our foreheads touching. He exhaled, and I inhaled and vice versa. I was intoxicated in seconds, completely enraptured by his scent. Soon, he removed his hand from my waist, lifting it across my back so it weaved into the strands of hair at the nape of my neck. He lightly gripped my hair, his lips molding with mine. I gasped into the kiss, feeling that sweet euphoria that always came with the feel of his lips against mine. Fireworks exploded behind my eyelids when he locked across my lip, no doubt tasting the remnants of blood there. He must have because he growled lowly in his chest after, the hand still on my waist gripping the fabric of my tank top so tightly that I thought he would rip it. I parted my lips, letting his tongue graze mine. I let a moan slip out, earning a sexy and very manly groan from him in return. Taking it in, I raised my hands to his hair, quickly twining his wild locks between and around my fingers so I could hold us together. Of course, my oxygen level had better ideas. Slowly, we parted, our lips still brushing as we calmed our breathing. He relaxed before I did, but not too long before. I stared into his eyes, breathing his scent in deeply. "I love you," I whispered, my lips running along his. He smiled, kissing me softly one more time. "As I love you." I was going to remain quiet, looking into his eyes for a long time, but that was interrupted as a thought occurred to me. "Oh, and Edward?" "Hmm?" he hummed in his throat, the sound spiraling me down into the depths of passion for the moment. How can one man be this seductive? I parted my lips to answer, giggling quietly before saying, "I also paid an extra fifty cents. And you still owe me a date." I broke into a fit of giggles as Edward captured my lips again, my laughter still straining in my chest as he did the same before cutting me off with a passionate kiss. And that's how we stayed. Me, saving myself for once, and him, holding me after I actually saved myself without him. Either way, I have a date coming up, and that five thousand dollars was definitely worth it. Every single penny. Well...quarters. Can't forget that fifty cents. Please, review to your hearts content! Let me know what you think! Thanks! ~Much Love, Zoe (VSA) XOXO~ Oh, and there will be a part two!