chest, listening to the fluttering of her heart. Bella's arms wrapped around me with all the strength her petite body possessed, and I finally felt what I've been needing to feel, all that I have wanted. I felt her love, her devotion, but I still felt such an insecurity within myself that I broke down, words tumbling from my lips before I could stop them. "I can't lose you," I breathed airily, gasping. "Never. You're the love of my life, my existence, the rest of my eternity. My forever. You are everything, and I will never be able to function again if you walk out on me. I need you, I want you. I've almost lost you before, but I could never take it if I truly had to let you go, watch you leave. You're the sun, the light, the stars, the shooting star that I wish on. You are every dream come true for me, and I can't let him take you. I can't lose you. I don't want to let you go, even if I have to. I love holding you and protecting you and keeping you close. You give me warmth , so much magnificent heat. How can I let you walk away? How can I let you go? H-How...how..." I was in hysterics, completely broken down and vulnerable before the woman that clutched my heart in her fragile porcelain hands. The house was silent besides my gasping breaths and Bella's heartbeats. The others were frozen, startled into submission and silence below. Their presence was known, but my head was blissfully silent in my turmoil. I had never felt so alone. "Shh...shh..." Bella shushed quietly, maternally. She began to rock me back and forth slightly, her lithe fingers curling into my hair and scratching across my scalp in the most comforting motion. "Breathe, my love, just breathe. I will never leave you, I swear that to you. You have my heart and my soul in your hand. I can never leave without those, and I never want to because I've already given them to the most amazing man in the world. My protector, my lover, my boyfriend, my fiance, my future husband, my vampire, my everything. I love you, Edward, and nothing and no one is ever going to change that. With all of my heart in your hands, I will never leave you. I will never move on, and I will never go away. This is our forever, Edward, no on else's." Listening to her words but ignoring her gentle shushing, I transpired, "B-but what a-about J-J-Jacob?" Bella tensed in my hands, and that brought on a whole new round of hysterics. I was gonna lose her. Dear God, please bless my venom with stillness at her goodbye. Let me get killed by some rogue, murderous vampire. Anything is better than this pain. "I will never speak to Jacob Black again," Bella whispered quietly, fiercely, and with such hatred that I could not help but move away from her slightly so I could look in her eyes. She stared forward a second, her eyes blazing with hatred, but that disappeared completely as she looked down on me. Her eyes met mine with gentility and love, gazing into my eyes with a stunning ray of light. In her gaze, I felt fire burn in my veins. "W-why?" I asked gently, my breathing finally beginning to calm. Bella shook her head. "Unimportant. His words were not the best, and I would rather not repeat them," she replied carefully, cryptically. Whatever the reason, though, I saw that she truly was never going to involve herself with him again. I saw that, and I could not stop myself from absolutely reveling in her new emotion for the mutt. I truly felt saddened by her loss of friendship, but my nerves were calmed. I had been on the brink of destruction, and she was pulling me back to earth. I had orbited without gravity, and she was my gravity and here she was. She was giving my leverage, a direction, a meaning. She was holding me here, and I loved it. "And I am never leaving you, Edward. I will never run screaming from you," she stated strongly, her eyes meeting mine with blazing power. My breathing calmed with striking speed, my body finally calming to light shivers. From my lasting raw emotions or Bella's heated touch on my skin, I did not know, but I shook deliciously, my body against hers. "Besides," Bella's lips quirked with a gentle, adorable smirk, "you're gonna be absolutely stuck with me soon so you have no reason to worry. I want you forever, Edward Cullen, and I intend to make that a reality." "Forever," I whispered as if testing the word. Delicious. "Forever," I stated, stronger in tone. Bella nodded, her eyes brightening as she saw my mood shifting. "God, I love you," I breathed. "I'm so sorry I ever doubted your love. Please, say you'll forgive me." "There's nothing to forgive. And I love you, too." Her eyes locked with mine. "Forever." She tightened her arms on me, bringing my head to her chest. She rested her chin on my head, sometimes placing a sweet kiss to my hair as she rocked me. I held onto her as tightly as I dared. My heart, my love, my life, my death, my passion, my kryptonite, my everything. My Bella. But I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart 'Cause I'm only human ~Christina Perri, "Human" Review If you want a oneshot of my take on the tent scene and impending battle, let me know, or any Eclipse moment for that matter, but my spin on it :) Let me know in a review! Hope you liked it! ~Much Love, Zoe -Until next time...