one in this school is good enough for him." Jessica said too bitterly and I smirked. It looks like Edward had denied her advances. He was a heart breaker. "Oh." I said and that was the end of the conversation. The bell rang once again. Lunch was over. Eric waited for me as I threw my lunch away. I noticed a very unhappy Mike next to him. I guess we all had class together. We walked in silence, at least me and Mike did. Eric on the other hand, babbled on about more school stuff; such as clubs and activities. "New student alert." Eric announced to the teacher as I handed him my schedule. "Nice to meet you. I hope Eric has been showing you around." He said. "Sadly no, I have neglected my duties a little..." Eric said and they fell into conversation. I stood there awkwardly for about ten minutes before he assigned me a seat. When I looked over to the only available seat, I was surprised. How hadn't I noticed Edward earlier? He was intimidating. All my senses were on high alert for some reason. As I neared the table it was hard not to notice how repulsed he suddenly looked. I blushed as he covered one hand over both his mouth and nose. He slid his chair away from mine as I took my seat. Did I smell? Maybe I should have taken a shower this morning. I couldn't look at him anymore. I kept my eyes forced on the board as class began. I was getting irritated and it only got worse when we got assigned a lab. The whole time he worked with stiff hands as it they were cramped. At some point, I was tempted to grab his hand and force him to hold on to things properly as he handed them to me instead of having him practically shoving things my way. I didn't know who was more relieved when class finally ended, him or me. "Damn, I guess I'm not the only one." Mike sneered as Edward rushed out of class. "What you do stab him with a pencil?" Eric said jokingly. "Ha, like he really needs a reason to dislike him." Mike said walking out. I couldn't handle them. Especially after what happened with Edward. I knew that staying away from people was a good thing for a reason. I could avoid people like Mike and Edward. That's why P.E. was unbearable as I got menacing stares from Mike the whole time. He obviously didn't like Jessica sticking to me like glue. In Mike's eyes I was an unwanted competitor for Jessica. If only he knew that Jessica was far from my type, whatever that was. "You're a natural athlete." Jessica flirted after a couple of games of volleyball, placing a hand on my arm. 'Only if she knew.' I thought as I politely pulled her hand away. When class was finally over, Jessica waited until the very last minute to still keep talking to me. I finally got away when I had to go and turn in my signed schedule. She had been annoying me, but I stayed calm. I knew it wasn't her I was mad at. I was still pissed about what had happened in biology. I wanted to confront him and demand what his problem was, but I wasn't confrontational. Frustrated by the time I walked into the office, I had to take a step back when I saw Edward. He was arguing, trying to get out of biology. "Sorry Edward. There's no way." She said almost blushing. 'Was he flirting with her?' I thought just as the door closed behind me allowing in a gust of wind. "Nevermind." He said bitterly and walked out brushing slightly against me. "Is everything alright?" She asked me as I walked up to the counter. "Fine." I said slamming the schedule on her desk before walking out. I wanted to reach him. This had been the last straw. I jogged through the already empty halls and expected to reach him, but he wasn't in sight. By the time I reached the parking lot, he reversed out of his parking spot. "Wait!" I shouted catching the attention of other students. He drove off the parking lot. I felt stupid as I stormed off to my truck. I officially hated him and his family for being associated with him. Today had to be the worst first day of school in history. Who else besides me had two people hate them on their first day? And to top it off, a girl interested in them at first sight? Dammit, I almost regretted moving to this damn town. Even that night, all I could do was think about Edward. That annoying rich brat was the torment of my mind while I made dinner. I wasn't a good cook, but my pasta beat frozen dinners, that's for sure. It wasn't too late when Charlie finally got home. "How was school?" He asked casually over dinner. "It was fine." I mumbled with a mouthful of pasta. "That didn't sound too convincing." "Well... I bet there have been better first days." I finally said. "Cheer up. Don't worry." What was he supposed to say? I simply smiled and continued eating. I didn't want to have some silly speech about who knows what. I was mad and I wanted to stay mad. "Night dad." I said once dinner was over. "Don't you want to catch the last of the game with your old man?" He asked turning on the TV. "I had a long day. I just want to sleep." "Okay, rest well." "I will." I replied. Who was I kidding? I was just going to obsess more, but I promised myself I wasn't going to do it. I just needed to take a nice hot shower. Edward was going to be put in the back of my mind. I would just deal with him tomorrow.