I want your tongue flicking my clit, fingers pumping in and out of my wet cunt. I need you to make me come—so hard that my back arches off the bed, or the table or whatever we're fucking on, and I'm hoarse from begging you not to stop. And then I'll push you down on your back, climb on top of you, reverse cowgirl, so you can grab my ass. My tits will be bouncing as your dick slams in and out. In and out. And we'll fuck like that until I tell you to stop. And it'll be the best sex of your goddamn life." Her dirty talk nearly catapulted me over the ledge I was teetering on. Talking dirty for Bella and me referred to the dishes or laundry. "So, where do you want to touch me first?" She licked her lips, anticipating my answer. I stilled her hand. "I'd rather show you," I growled roughly. My fingertips traced the swell of her breasts, dipped low into her cleavage. I made sure no one was watching before my tongue traced the same pattern. My palm brushed against the swell, cupping for a moment before I gave a squeeze. Rosalie's head fell back, her eyes closed, and a smile played on her lips. My hand moved lower, across her flat stomach, contoured around her hip and caressed her thigh. My fingers traced the hem of her dress. Rosalie's legs parted, inviting me to touch where she was soft and warm and wet. I was compelled to do so; couldn't stop myself. Her inner thigh was smooth, so fucking smooth. I inched higher until my fingers were coated in her wetness. "Good Lord," she murmured, squirming so my fingers dipped in further. "You're so fucking wet." My teeth nipped at her collar bone, my fingers delving deeper. Her throaty moans made my dick even harder. What the fuck was I doing? I looked around but no one was paying attention to us; no one would ever know. "God. It's been an eternity since someone drove me this insane." I murmured against the sweet smelling skin of her neck. "Let's get the hell out of here." She readily agreed. Rosalie took a sip of her beer while I chugged the rest of mine, our eyes locked. She grabbed my hand, pulling me to the door. My jacket was left behind in the casualty of the affair. Once outside, I pushed her up against the wall. She sucked in her breath as the cold brick connected with her back. My body pressed against hers, my erection poking her in the stomach. My right hand grasped her waist, the left wrapped around her neck, holding her exactly where I wanted. My mouth claimed hers with as much ferocity as I planned to claim her pussy in just a short while. Rosalie's leg hitched around my hip bone; her nails dragged up my chest before she wrapped them around my neck. I grinded myself against her, desperate for more friction. Our tongues were frantic and it took everything in my power to not hike up her dress and fuck her right there on Main Street. "My car's over on Front Street," she panted. "Wanna play doctor?" She wagged her eyebrows. "Fuck. Yes!" Rosalie tugged me down the street and around the corner. We half walked, half ran, intoxicated on the prospect of what was to come. As she fumbled with her purse, trying to locate her keys, I brushed her hair off her neck and peppered kisses across her shoulders, grabbed her tits and reveled in the whimpers she was making. With keys in hand, she clicked a button and the rear sliding door of the vehicle opened. We clambered inside, slamming the door shut behind us. "God. I need to fuck you." I staggered the words out between kisses. "So badly. But you have to do something for me first." I halted the kisses and looked into her brown eyes. "What's that?" "You have to take off that ridiculous wig." A pout formed as she smoothed her hands over the blonde locks. "What, you don't like this look?" I shook my head. "Nope. You're much prettier as a brunette." Bella took off the wig, and tossed it aside. A wicked smile played on her face. She pushed me backwards and proceeded to give me one hell of a blowjob, exactly as described. I fulfilled my part of the bargain and had her screaming my name soon after. The sex, though in the back of our minivan and halted briefly by an ill-placed Barbie doll, was spectacular. Basking in the afterglow, I complimented Bella on her disguise."I loved the outfit this time. So sexy. Much better than when you wore the short, spikey wig." She laughed. "Aw. It was fun pretending to be a pitbull lawyer." "What was her name again?" I wracked my brain but couldn't remember. Bella and I had been playing the stranger game since college—it was hard to remember all the characters. "Alice." I wrinkled my nose. "Not exactly a sex kitten name. Rosalie was much better. But naughty school girl Isabella is still my favorite." I passed Bella her shirt as I buttoned mine. "I'm just glad you said you were a doctor. The time you said you worked for the city sanitation department I almost walked out on you." "I'm not good under pressure!" I whined in my defense. "I wonder if Doctor Volturi knows that his prized intern—who has hopes of being Chief of Surgery one day—isn't good under pressure." "Well," I paused as I leaned in for a kiss. "I've logged 80 hours this week so I definitely have stamina." "Oh, that you do, Doctor Cullen. That you do." Her fingers made quick work of the buttons I'd just fastened. "We don't have to pick up the kids for another half an hour." Bella wagged her eyebrows. "Let's see how well you actually work under pressure."