mean yea, I thought I'd stop by but, like, as much as I love you to bits Rach, real reason I came down here was to congratulate a family friend on getting roped into marriage by some redneck called Gabriella or Daniella or-" "Isabella!?" Rachel exclaimed. "That's her name! And my next guess haha ! Nah, just kidding. My next guess was probably going to be Blanche or Daisy or something." I sighed. "And yeah, showed up to the place. LOL! Wedding already happened and happy couple went off their honeymoon in the Shrek Swamp or something." I said, vaguely remembering my nosey aunt mentioning something about an island. "And I'm left here. Well in Forks. But that town is too rainy and reminds me of utensils. So… Thought I'd stop by, say hi and - hah, that rhymed - and threaten your new bae, of course." There was a moment of silence after that massive explanation. Then, someone asked, "Did you just use the word bae?" I blinked in realisation and the shock of it all. "Oh my god. I did. Rachel. I used that word." I grabbed her arm and began shaking it. "Oh my god help me. I'm turning into a white girl. Oh my god. Oh my god - hey does anyone see that old guy weirdly peering over some little girl." I had finally noticed that there was a guy standing alone with a child. Good one - oh my God! She was in the water! I my terror, I almost got up to save her when they group started laughing. "That's my niece, Claire." Emily I think her name was, told me. "The big guy is Quil. He's like her unrelated big brother. Loves to babysit." I frowned. Seemed a bit odd but if the aunt didn't seem so phased - and just laugh at my worry - then I guess I did all I could. Well not everything. I looked at Paul and then whispered to the guy next to me, "Ay, make sure this guy doesn't kidnap Claire." "I don't kidnap children!" Paul cried out, throwing his head back in annoyance and exasperation. I tsked my lips and flipped my hair. "That's what they all say. Next thing you know, it's gon' be crappy candy and white vans." Everyone laughed. HA! Take that Lahote. Cam - 1. Paul - 0. "Right well… um. Nature calls. Imma find a bathroom. Hope there's toilet paper." I said, crossing my fingers. "Don't miss me too much." With that, I got some air from the suffocating love that was in the air. It was ridiculous. Like… do couples just band together these days. Is it a clique thing? Rachel hadn't told me it was a clique thing? Otherwise I would've… just… I dunno. Not come? It was either that or try and pay some random to be my boyfriend. Which, really, I don't think would work out. Cause I'm priceless. With that thought in mind, "And the sickest part is their genes tell them they're happy about it." "Uhh…" Four heads turned to where I was standing behind the other group of people on the beach. I coughed, not too sure what to make of it. So, as to what I always did in awkward situations, I acted awesome. "Yeah man, totes agree with you on that one. The sick part is when you find, like, those pair of jeans that just tell you how great you look and it just… ugh. Like it feels you up with that joy." The boy that had previously spoken was looking like he'd just put on a pair of new jeans and had seen how great his ass looked. "Yeah man, like that's the look. I'm tell you. Could shave off both my eyebrows and have blue hair but as long as I got them rocking jeans…" I paused. "But yeah, nah dudes carry on with your convo. I was just…" The guy hadn't blinked. He was still staring at me. Like… as if I were a pair of nice jeans. "You right, bro? I don't know if there's something on my face or if I've got something stuck in my teeth again-" He cursed, got up and bolted from the scene. My eyes followed him until I couldn't see him anymore due to the foliage around the beach. So, leaving me in an even more awkward scenario, I let out a whistle and turned to the remaining three in front of me. "So…" I began. "How about that stock market, huh?" "What a joke!" The girl said, letting out a bitter laugh. I wasn't sure what she was on about but I just nodded, pretending I did. I think she was just actually putting her take on the stock market. "Yeah man. It's a joke. Like pfft. Yeah… money. Shares…" I paused, realising I had nothing else to say about stocks cause I had no idea what they were - wait. "… Bane." I added. "Did you just say Bane?" One of the other Paul lookalikes asked. "No…" I denied. "I said, same as in, stocks are a joke. I agree with this chick." I said, pointing the girl who made the stock market comment. And wasn't me. "Am I the only one that noticed it?" The girl asked. "And, like, the only one that finds it funny… he was literally just saying… and he does?" "Leah." One of the boys said, his tone warning. The girl, Leah, in turn just shakes her head and pushes herself up from the ground. She looked me up and down. Twice. "At least, it's better than the leech lover." " Leah!" The other, younger looking boy, hissed. She gave him a look, her gaze softening a bit before stalking off. I turned to look at the two boys who gave me grimaces and pitying stares. I just gave them both a confused look and asked, "People have leech fetishes around here?"