all at once and I hastened to collect all my things from the desk so I could leave this damn classroom and the boy who occupied it. But Edward Cullen was faster. In a second he had rose fluidly from his chair - he was much taller that I thought he would be - his back to me, and he was out the door in a flash, before anyone else had even risen from their seats. I stood frozen, looking at the door he had just crossed, a stunned, incredulous expression on my face. What a jackass. I shook my head for the million time that day and tried to reign in my anger. I didn't need to worry about what the hell was Cullen's problem, I had enough problems on my own, thank you very much. "Aren't you Veronica Carmichael?" a male voice asked. I looked up to see a cute, baby-faced boy, his pale blond hair carefully gelled into orderly spikes, smiling at me in a friendly way. He obviously didn't think I smelled bad. "Veroni" I corrected him, with a smile. "I'm Mike." "Hi, Mike." "Do you need any help finding your next class?" "I'm headed to the gym, actually. I think I can find it." "That's my next class, too." He seemed thrilled, though it wasn't that big of a coincidence in a school this small. We walked to the gym together, Mike supplying most of the conversation but it was okay. I wasn't really in the mood to chat. He said he'd lived in California until he was ten so he knew how I felt about the sun. It turned out he was in my English class also. He was the nicest person I'd met today. But as we were entering the gym, he asked, "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." I cringed. So I wasn't the only one who had noticed. And, apparently, that wasn't Edward Cullen's usual behavior. I answered without thinking. "I wish I did. He would definitely deserve it." I answered still annoyed. "He looked like he was in pain or something." "I have no idea what his problem is." I responded. "I never even spoke to him." "He's a weird guy." Mike lingered by me instead of heading to the dressing room. "If I were lucky enough to sit by you, I would have talked to you." I smiled a little uncomfortably at him before walking through the girls' locker room door. He was friendly and clearly admiring. But it wasn't enough to ease my irritation. The Gym teacher, Coach Clapp, found me a uniform but didn't make me dress down for today's class. At home, only two years of RE. were required. Here, P.E. was mandatory all four years. Another thing I was sure I would hate before long in Forks. I watched four volleyball games running simultaneously. Remembering the times I would return home with purple spots on my arms - I bruised easily - I cringed. The final bell rang at last. I left the gym quickly and headed towards the office to return my paperwork. It had stopped raining for the time being but the wind was strong and cold. I wrapped my arms around myself. Once inside the warm office, I stopped in my tracks and almost walked back out again. Edward Cullen stood at the desk in front of me. I recognized again that tousled bronze hair. He didn't appear to notice the sound of my entrance. I stood pressed against the back wall, waiting for the receptionist to be free. He was arguing with her in a low, attractive voice. I quickly picked up the gist of the argument. He was trying to trade from sixth-hour Biology to another time — any other time. I couldn't believe this was about me. It couldn't be. Nobody had ever taken such an intense dislike towards me. I hadn't talk to the guy once, for god's sake. It had to be something else, something that happened before I entered the Biology room. That was the only plausible explanation. Suddenly the door open again, the wind gusting through the room, rustling the papers on the desk and swirling my hair around my face. The girl who had came in, merely stepped to the desk, placed a note in the wire basket and left the room again. But Edward Cullen's back stiffened, and he turned slowly to glare at me — his face was absurdly handsome — with piercing, hate-filled eyes. For an instant, I felt a thrill of genuine fear, raising the hair on my arms. The look only lasted a second, but it chilled me more than the freezing wind. He turned back to the receptionist. "Never mind, then," he said hastily in a voice like velvet. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And he turned on his heel without another look at me. "I'll just... endure it." I heard his voice saying before he disappeared out the door. I walked slowly to the desk and handed her the signed slip. I was half-tempted to turn around and face him, just to understand what the hell was his problem but I couldn't. Something inside me warned me that it could be dangerous, that he could be dangerous. "How did your first day go, dear?" the receptionist asked maternally. "Okay" I lied, my voice emotionless. She didn't look convinced. When I got inside the truck - the last one left in the parking lot - an involuntary sigh of relief escaped my lips. I sat inside for awhile, trying to calm my racing heart. I was soon cold though so I turned up the heater. I turned the key in the ignition and the engine roared to life. I headed back to Charlie's house, a pair of dark, terrifying eyes glued to my thoughts all the way there.