I say, trying to be nonchalant. He shakes his head then smiles at me. "Women." he mutters and Alice playfully slaps his chest. I had forgotten Alice was there. A feeling of nervousness starts to grow within me. "Honey, I am going to go say goodbye to Eric and Mike. Okay?" Edward tells me as he massages my left shoulder. "Okay." I reply, trying to make my voice sound sweet and adoring. He walks away and this leaves me and Alice. My gaze follows him and when I look to her, she has a knowing look on her face with a glint of anger in her eyes. I squirm under her gaze and feel uneasy. This Alice is not the Alice I am used to. This new Alice is much more frightening. She slowly walks up to my right side and gives me a smirk. "Hope you and Rosalie had a nice time." she whispers in my ear. She gives me one more look and walks away. Terror shoots through me instantly. I have no doubt that she knows about our dirty deed. Alice is good at many things but there is one thing Alice is impeccable at: blackmailing people who are unjust. I have seen this happen to too many of Alice's ex-friends to not know this fact. I start to fear that Rosalie and I are her latest victims. My breathing starts to pick up and I look around the room frantically for Edward. I can't stay here anymore. Too many people. Too many emotions. Too many bad things that can happen. I find him in the dining room speaking to Eric and Mike. Not wanting to be rude, I wait till they finish their goodbyes but I grab him before he can speak to anyone else. "Edward, sweetie, let's go now." I say in a slightly whiney voice as I tug him towards the door. "But I didn't say good bye to Emmet yet love." he replies with a confused look on his face while he hands me my coat. "Emmett won't feel bad if you don't say goodbye. He doesn't get mad over things like that. Plus you will see him in a few days anyway. You two are going to watch the game remember?" I say, convincing him. He absorbs what I said and has a thoughtful look on his face. After a moment, he nods his head and gives a small smile. "I guess you're right. We can go now. We should get you to bed anyways. You look a bit tired." he says to me while he rubs my back. I look at him gratefully and he leads us through the crowd of people towards the door. As we walk through the house, my eyes involuntarily scan for Rosalie. I see her hugging Jessica goodbye. Once she finishes her hug, her eyes happen to meet mine. An unreadable emotion flashes across her face quickly. She covers it up with a mask of a blank expression soon after. She looks away from me quickly and continues to say goodbye to her guests. My heart starts to ache. Why is she always hiding her emotions? Like she never wants me to know how she feels. I sigh and hold Edwards hand tighter as we walk out the door. My body goes on autopilot while my brain and heart are paralyzed by the pain I am feeling. Edward opens the car door for me, like a gentlemen and I say a quiet word of thanks. We get into the car and drive away from the beautiful home. I lay quietly on my side, with my arms crossed against my chest, trying to hold my breaking heart from falling apart. I hear Edward come out of the bathroom and I quickly wipe the tears that have fallen from my face. He climbs into bed behind me and wraps his arms around me. "Bella, love, are you okay? You were very quiet in the car." he asks concerned as he rubs my arm. "Just tired." I say in a fake sleepy tone, hoping her will drop the subject. I give a fake yawn for emphasis. "Alright, I will let you sleep. I love you." he says sweetly. "I love you too." I say as I suppress the guilty tone threatening to come out in my voice. He kisses my cheek then turns over and turns off the lamp on the nightstand that illuminated the room. The room is dead quiet, but I get no peace. My thoughts scream loudly in my head. Admit it Bella. You are in love with Rosalie. You can't deny it anymore. You told her. She knows. And now Alice knows too. My lips start to quiver and tears threaten to fall down my face again. But she doesn't love me the same way I love her. She practically said it! What if she is just using me? What is I am just her sex toy and puppet? I sigh and bury my face in my pillow. It doesn't matter. You know you will do anything for her. You used to be that way for Edward. You would do anything for him. Now you feel this way for Rosalie. You don't care if she uses you. You don't care how she abuses you; you just want her to be close to you. You are in some deep shit. You have gone too far in to turn back now. I shake my head back and forth, refusing to listen to inner voice and hear the truth. I wonder what Alice will do with the information. God, if anyone finds out my life is ruined. I could lose everyone I love, especially Edward. God, everything is so fucked up. I feel more tears start to fall and I cry until I am tired. Uncertain of my future, I let sleep envelop me and hope I will eventually figure out how to solve the mess we made.