perfect copy of a Barbie doll, blond hair, blue eye and red lips with perfectly manicured red nails, I could spot it even from the other side of the lunch room. The boys also had their differences, though one of them had his back towards me. The tallest was a gorilla of a guy, large muscles and jet black hair, but when he laughed at something the pixie girl said he reminded me of a large teddy bear. The other boy, next to pixie, looked like he was hurting, he didn't show it outside but his eyes held it. He was holding back, what, I didn't know or really want to find out. His hair was golden and messy, framing his face in a sophisticated way, but also hinted at a bit of rebellion. And then there was the last boy, he was lean like the last boy, but I could see the toned muscles under his white dress shirt, they rippled as he moved and only rose my desperation to run. "Are you even listening Bella?" Jessica -I remembered her name- huffed snapping me out of my trance. Eric laughed. "No she was to busy staring over at the 'Dream Team'." I groaned hiding my face and Jessica let out a giggle. "It's okay, its hard not to look. They are the Cullens, The two girls are Alice and Rosalie, the the three boys are Emmet, Jasper and Edward. Emmet and Rosalie are together and so is Jasper and Alice. Jasper and Rosalie are twins and their last name is actually Hale. Edward is single, but not interested in a relationship, he even turned ME down." Jessica paused for a moment to pout and It gave me time to process everything for a moment. "Oh but before you think they are all into incest or whatever, they were all adopted by Dr. Cullen and his wife, they only moved here a few years ago. They are all rich, but I guess the Dr. wanted a quiet life in a small town or something like that..." I had to tune Jessica out again, I was interested in them, but I hadn't wanted to know their life story. I found it odd that they were all adopted, but had the same unusually golden eyes and pale skin. My eyes narrowed as I studied them further, and then I found myself being studied by the boy who's back had been facing me. Edward, I guessed. His eyes were darker then the others, ranging towards amber, his face was expressionless but his eyes held confusion, interest and slight amusement. I couldn't turn away from his gaze and soon the entire group was looking towards me. The hair on the back of my neck prickled and the reaction of fight or flight flooded my system, I couldn't throw my lunch tray at them and start a fight in the middle of the cafeteria for no reason, so I did the next logical, to me anyway, thing...I got my ass the hell out of there. Gym was after lunch, and by that time a rumor, probably spread by little miss Jessica, was flying around that I had chickened out when I was caught checking out Edward and fled the room in embarrassment. I hate high school. One gym class and a few bruises later I found my way into Biology class, only to find Edward Cullen there too. I froze in my spot right in front of a fan that blew my hair around my face and blinded me for a moment. After a quick struggle with my mop I was able to see again and catch the last part of the Teacher directing me to the only seat available...Next to Edward. I couldn't tell the teacher I didn't want to sit there just cause, and I really couldn't explain why I felt uncomfortable around someone I didn't know. When I looked at this boy though, I felt like I wanted to run just as I did out of the lunch room. He was glaring at me and his amber eyes had turned black, I hoped to God he was just wearing contacts, and he looked like he was going eat me, the warning bells ringing in my head so loudly I felt as if I was going to faint. I sat down next to him anyway, trying to ignore him as his fingers gripped the desk and he scooted away from me like I held the black plague. That was fine by me, the further he was from me the better I suppose. Biology seemed to drag on, I was so relieved when the bell rang and before I could even think to pack, Edward was already out the door and my heart could stop its marathon of beating up my poor ribcage. If this was how it was going to be everyday...I think I would need to tell Charlie to start putting nails in my coffin, cause I had a feeling I was going to have a hell of a time with Edward Cullen. A/N: Okay so there is Chapter One of Full Moon. I decided to make Bella more emotional and less of a wimp, more like myself in a way I guess, Also this will be a Jacob/Bella fic, but earlier on it will be a Edward/Bella. I know the first chapter suggests that them being a couple will be almost non-existent, but Vampires are supposed to be charming little devils so he will find a way to worm around her heart, but she won't be as blind as the Original Bella. Last note: If you feel like it doesn't follow the story to the T...well its a Fanfiction for a reason, I will switch things up how I please and while I will follow a skeleton version of the original, I am going to make this as different as I can without drifting to much...in the first half at least.