the car is cleaner than when she bought it! Jerry was pretty impressed with you too; you really took control of the situation." He slapped me on the back a little too hard and I stumbled forward a step. "Well, thank you, sir. You know I try to help keep the department running efficiently," I said, rubbing my shoulder. I was pretty sure my cheeks were flushed to their brightest color by now. "Yes, you do a good job. I also know you don't like a lot of praise and attention, so I won't be embarrassing you by sticking your face on a plaque on the wall again. I do, however, want to do something to show my appreciation for the way you jump in there on a regular basis dealing with customers and motivating the technicians. I think those boys would walk on broken glass for you." He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled widely. "Oh, well..." I wasn't exactly comfortable with the attention I got from the male technicians, and I certainly didn't go looking for it. "Now look, I already pay you more than any other service rep. Almost as much as I pay Jerry, just don't tell him that," he winked. "So, I can't give you a raise but I do have a special job for you." He looked like an indulgent parent about to watch their child open a long awaited gift. "Okay, sure. What is it?" I asked, genuinely curious. "We have an overseas home delivery coming in that you might be interested in. I need someone special to get it ready for me. And... The owner called today and asked if it could be picked up at the Pike Street location tomorrow instead of here, so I'll also need someone to drive it over there for me." He smiled wider. "Oookay..." I wasn't sure how that was a reward, but I was not going to tell my boss that. "Bella," he prodded, grinning like an idiot. "Yes, sir?" I grinned back. I couldn't help myself; it was like trying to hold back the tide when it came to that man's contagious smile. "It's a factory fresh 2011 S60. They're not even supposed to be available in Europe until next month. We won't be seeing another one until the end of the year, kiddo. On top of which, it has all kinds of custom options that you couldn't order in the U.S. It's one of kind. And, it's a nice, shiny, silver... just for you." He raised his eyebrows up and down real quick a couple times and laughed. My mouth fell a little slack and I huffed out a breath. I had no idea how he knew about my preference for silver and should have been a little embarrassed by it, but I was sort of past the point of caring. It was THE car, only newer, and shinier, and I was going to get to drive it. I was going to drive a shiny silver Volvo. My mouth twisted into a little half smile and I shook my head at my own ridiculousness. "You're kidding me, right." I asked. "Not at all. I know that the S60r always caught your eye, but that aside I couldn't trust just anyone to handle this for me. This is a VIP arrangement. It has to be handled with care and it has to arrive at the Pike Street lot before tomorrow, in perfect condition. I trust you to do that. You may be young, but you're a heck of lot more responsible than anyone else around here." He patted my back. "Wow. Just, wow. That's... Where is it?" I stammered in excited disbelief. "Come on, I'll show you. I told you it was a custom car, and I mean custom engine, custom windows; you name it, it's been upgraded or personalized. It's somethin' special. I can't imagine why anyone would go to that much trouble for a Volvo. Seriously, if you're going to drop that kind of coin on a set of wheels, at least go for one of the big four," he said laughing. "Must have sentimental value." "Or they just really like their Volvos? And honestly, they are a little less ostentatious than Mercedes or Jaguar. Do I really get to drive it?" I asked as we walked around the corner where the car was being unloaded from the truck. Beautiful. "Woah..." I gushed. "Yeah, that's what I thought." Mr. Myers laughed. "Have fun, baby girl." He slapped my shoulder like I was one of the guys again. "Oh, I will.." I practically squealed and hopped towards the truck. As an afterthought, I turned and ran back to my boss, "Thank you, so much! I'll take good care of her." I threw my arms around his neck in a rare show of emotion for me. He messed up my hair and grinned, pleased with himself. Sixty-five minutes later, I was sitting in one of the newest and nicest cars I had ever been in. It was a symphony of machinery and art. The digital technology and touch screens made me a tad nervous, but the sound system alone was worth getting excited over. I stretched a little in the heated leather driver's seat to the sounds of Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet. Even though I was too concerned with the safety and condition of the vehicle to thoroughly enjoy driving it; for fifteen minutes I existed in a kind of dreamlike state. There, in the combined music of a twin turbo engine and a powerful Russian ballet, I imagined a world in which the mysterious Edward Cullen might have taken me, the plain and uncoordinated Bella Swan, for a ride in his shiny, silver Volvo. Right... Well, a girl could dream. End Note: So Bella is a bit more mature than the shy young woman Edward met in Forks. What do you think? Review, if you please, and let me know. ;-)