up too. "Iris? It's Carlisle Cullen. May I come in?" A voice said. I kept quiet. I just wanted to be left alone. "They said she's been in there for almost two months. Do you think she's still alive?" A female voice said. "I've never heard of someone deliberately starving themselves for that long. I don't know." "We should check on her. I just wish they had contacted us sooner." The female voice said. "Iris, I'm going to come in, alright?" "Go away." I croaked, my voice no higher than a whisper. "Oh, Carlisle! She's alive!" The female gasped. I heard my door open and I saw Carlisle come into my line of sight. "I'm going to pick you up and carry you. Is that alright?" "Hurts. Make it stop." I choked out. "Emmett's on his way here, sweetheart. You'll get to see him again soon, I promise." The female voice, who I now knew was Esme, said. Carlisle slid his arms underneath my fragile body and I curled up against his chest. I hadn't had any human contact in so long. He walked at a human pace for my sake and I felt the stares of passing vampires. Carlisle took me to the room where the Masters normally resided. "My God." Aro gasped in Italian when I was carried into the room. Carlisle set me down on the floor and left to go get something, I assume. I felt someone lift my head up and place it in their lap then start to run their fingers through my hair. It was comforting. "What have you done to yourself?" Aro asked, actually a bit concerned. That was a first. "She hasn't fed in two months from what we were told. I was surprised that she's still alive." Esme said, speaking for me. "Interesting. What prompted this behavior? I knew that you had formed some bonds while on your mission but I was not aware that you had found your mate. I was also not aware that you were not feeding. I will have to speak to Jane about that." Aro said and then blurred out of the room. I let out a gasp in pain when I felt the dull ache in my chest turn into a raging fire. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" "Emmett." I gasped, clutching my chest. "What about Emmett?" Esme said, keeping her tone calm and soothing. "Something's wrong!" I panicked, clutching my chest. The screams of my mate echoed through the room. Something inside of me demanded that I do whatever I could to save my mate. I had to protect them at all costs. Using strength that I wasn't aware that I had, I got up. "Iris?" Esme asked, concerned. I didn't bother explaining my actions. I didn't quite have the energy to run but I managed to walk at a brisk human pace to where my mate was. I found him and Jane in the hallway near the entrance. "Jane!" I growled, furious. My mate was laying there on the floor, writhing in pain. She broke her concentration to whip her head over at me. A look of surprise and a little bit of fear entered her child-like features. "Iris? You look horrible." "You hurt my mate." I spat out. "Honest mistake. I wasn't aware he was yours." Jane said, trying to save her own skin. I knew how she worked. She loved causing pain to others via her gift but when it came to her own suffering, she ran for the hills. I growled a low growl and grabbed her by her neck. I threw her as hard as I could and smirked when I heard the large crash that meant she collided with something. Surprising myself, I ran and followed the path of destruction. I found Jane laying on the ground below a huge dent in the stone wall. My instincts screamed at me to kill the girl but I didn't feel like wasting what little energy I had on her. I did of course run over towards her and grab her by her neck again. Jane actually seemed afraid of me. How pathetic. "Don't you ever touch my mate again. I won't hesitate to kill you. Your powers are useless when fighting me, little girl." I hissed and dropped her to the ground with a thud. She gathered herself and ran out of the room. probably off to find Alec. "Iris!" Emmett called out. "Emmett." I breathed, suddenly feeling tired. My knees buckled underneath me and I felt strong arms encase my body. "Iris? Baby, what's wrong?" Emmett asked worriedly. "I love you." I whispered, feeling my eyes droop. "No no no no. You gotta stay with me, okay? I just got you back, I'm not going to loose you again." Emmett said and pulled me up to his chest. I breathed in his scent and the ache inside of my chest finally stopped. "Carlisle!" He yelled. Carlisle appeared at my side a second later with a glass of blood in his hand. It smelled human to me and I looked at it hesitantly. "I figured that your body would need all of the strength it can get. You can always switch back to animal blood after you've recovered." Carlisle explained. My instincts kicked in at the smell of blood and the scoring fire in the back of my throat came back with a vengeance. I took it into my shaking hands and chugged it. I almost moaned at how good it tastes. I had four more glasses of blood before I called it quits. I was full but I wasn't at my full strength it. It was going to take a while before that happens. "Don't even scare me like that again." Emmett mumbled into my hair. "I don't intend to. I'm sorry." I apologized and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer to me. "I love you." He said. "I love you too." I whispered and kissed him.