preferably a booth. We lucked in and managed to get one near the back. Angela ordered a chicken burger and I got the cheeseburger platter. "Did that help any?" Angela asked me, taking a sip of her diet Coke. "Yeah..." I agreed. "A little," I twisted my fork around in my fingers, contemplating what she had said. I wasn't ready for a relationship; she was right on that front. But my biggest problem was still the dilemma I was having about my feelings for Jacob. If I even had any. "So this whole thing with Jacob is really about Edward?" She clarified. "Yeah, I guess so." I nodded, popping a french-fry into my mouth. "It's just that I feel like I'm betraying Edward by thinking about all of this." I didn't know why I was freely dumping all of this on Angela, but it was making me feel better... and I think she was happy to help if the way she smiled at me was any indication. "You're just suffering from PTRD, you'll get over it." "'PTRD'?" I quoted with uncertainty. "What's that? "'Post Traumatic Relationship Disorder' You feel like, since you were so head over heels for Edward, that going out with Jacob would contradict everything you've ever felt about him. But that's not true," Angela quickly told me. "You loved Edward sure, but he may not have been the one. Jacob might be... you'll never know unless you give him a chance." I contemplated what she was saying as I took a bite of my burger. As juvenile as this 'PTRD' thing was, it made sense. She had just described everything I've been feeling for months about Jacob in two sentences! I certainly like Jacob... that fact I couldn't deny anymore. But liking him didn't mean anything. Not when you've been in love before. "You wanna catch a movie? The theatre it right down the street. We could walk." Angela suggested. "In case you needed to clear your head," She clarified. She knew me so well. "Thanks Angie," I smiled and put a twenty on the table for our food. We left the restaurant, both of us in decently good moods after our little chat; Angela because I was finally talking again and me because I had a slightly better grip on the situation. Angie was right; all I had to do was spend more time with Jacob with my feelings for him in mind. I would figure it out eventually. As we rounded the corner of the street, I noticed a small gathering of people in front of a building. My stomach lurched as I remembered the last time I had been here and noticed a group of people... but there was something different this time. These people were... scared? "What's going on?" Angela asked as if reading my mind. "I don't..." I was about to say I don't know but if I had finished it when I did then it would've been a lie. Standing in front of the group of terrified people was a snarling, red-brown creature on all fours with its fur puffed out and its jaws snapping. The size of it alone was enough to scare anyone; it towered above the smallest of the group and was eye level with most of the adults. I watched in horror as the great wolf continued to growl and bite at the air. Jacob . "JAKE!" I yelled, taking a step forward. Angela grabbed my elbow and hauled me back. "Bella! What do you think you're doing? Isn't that the thing the police have been looking for?" She demanded in a hushed voice that still managed to sound frantic. "I have to get to Jake!" I told her, wrenching my arm free only to have her snatch it back. " Jake's over there? Bella, listen to me. We have to call the cops! They can handle this!" She threw her gaze back to the people, trying to identify the overly-buff seventeen year-old. She was staring right at him and couldn't tell. I shook my head. "No, I need to do this. JAKE!" I called again. Angela tried to hush me but I ignored her. The giant wolf turned its head in my direction with a fierce growl and snap of its jaws. Its eyes fixated on me almost instantly and I felt the urge to scream or cry or... or something. The creature staring back at me was not the Jacob I knew. He glared at me with an overwhelming hate and his eyes pierced through me like daggers. The most disconcerting thing about him was, in fact, his eyes. They weren't the milky chocolate brown I was used to and was comforted by; they were black. Cold. Hard. Just like Edward's. Angela was pleading with me now. People had gathered and most were calling the authorities but I couldn't move. I couldn't tear my gaze away from Jacob's. Abruptly, he flung his head back to the people he was terrorising. With a great chomp he had one man between his teeth, bleeding and close on death. "JACOB!" I screeched, unable to hide my shock and horror. Jacob had killed a man! An innocent man just walking up the street! What had come over him? What was he thinking? With the sight of blood came pandemonium; people screamed and turned to run. Angela was having no more of my resistance and grabbed my arm, forcing me to run after her. I looked back in time to see Jacob running off into the night with the man's body still in his mouth, a pair of black shorts tied to his back leg. Kay, end of chapter one. I'm trying to make these chapters longer so you guys have more to read! Ok, I shall try to update as often as I can and I can promise you that Bella will get over her depression SOON (I don't like it when she's being stupid, no offense Stephanie Meyer)