be? I told him I would if he said so. Is he too much of a gentleman to do it? Expects me to realize it by myself eventually? Does he try to spare me the cruelty and awkwardness of an open refusal? Am I that naïve? Am I delusional, confusing kindness for interest? Am I suffering out of stupid egoism alone? These questions squirm inside my head like coiled snakes, poisoning me, stealing away my peace of mind. A little more, and I'll turn into ashes. Why does he resist, instead of plunging himself into it? I could be mistaken about him, I could have misinterpreted his signs but I am rarely wrong in these sensitive, intuitive matters. It is as if something within him is suddenly closed up and he doesn't want to let anything or anyone in. A little defiance has finally elicited a response one day. Formal, cold, polite, it could have been construed by a more lucid reader as an elegant "fuck-off". He's even signed it, unnecessarily, in his customary style, with his initials only, which has always made me think of Hannibal Lecter. Why would someone want to sign a text?! His voice is almost toneless. " I'm too old for you, you know…" " No, you're not. You're 49." " I'm still too old." " I think you may be misinformed about my age." I can hear a dry, ill-boding smile in his voice. " I'm acutely aware of it, actually." Suddenly, it's getting very, very cold inside my palace… Days have passed. Then weeks. One day, this guy walks into the office. Installs himself comfortably in a chair. Starts talking with superiority and emphasis, like one of the few fortunate to be still in contact with the great man. How he saw Mr. Cullen for a tea. I don't know if that's an euphemism for a coffee or for a drink, but he keeps repeating it, like it's this good joke. How Mr. Cullen looked good and serene, and he was almost happy. Hey, y'all, did you know that Mr. Cullen attended a wedding last week-end?! The pain wakes up inside me with renewed ferocity every time I hear about him, like an evil Jack-in-the-box. Can't stand to listen to any more of this but I can't make myself to leave the room either. I need to hear it, like an addict needs his dose. I'm keeping my eyes stubbornly focused on the computer screen but I don't miss a word this short, annoying guy is saying. Suddenly, intensely, I feel a wave of undeserved resentment toward him. With his false aura of self-importance, he seems to me almost as ridiculous as a dwarf performing at a king's palace. I finally exit and go hide in an empty office to clear my head. I'm bleeding monstrously again, my heart squeezed by an invisible, unmerciful fist. Oh, dark, tentacular disappointment! He's fine and more than fine while I'm going through The Caudine Forks. He's rumored to have got a new job in a far corner of the country but he might as well be on a different continent. I'm at this point in life when all I feel is exhaustion and every "must" and "have to" around only oppress me more. What lies ahead seems like a dusty, weary road, devoid of joy. I'm tired and my tiredness goes in circles, deepened a little more with each cycle, stretched toward infinity, unending, like my daily commute. He gave me life and solace; he was my shore full of respite. He is as lost to me now as if he never existed. It's May and then it's June and the fields seen from the car's window turn greener and greener, opulently fed by the constant, incessant rain. This summer is getting something putrid, fetid in it from all the water, like the repellent fascination of a swamp. I see houses gliding past, villages, churches, men on bicycles, children playing in the dust, chickens and goats… It's like an end and a beginning, future and past mingling. Life. And then again the even contours of the plain, the sky arching above, eternal, immovable. I have begun to stifle my forlorn endeavor, my silly little text messages are getting more tamed, more "rarefied". Still, every day is a fight with myself, my soul and mind constantly under the siege of an unwanted feeling of irrevocability. I have been getting used to it, I guess, in a way… After all the contradictory hopes and final defeats, maybe it was time to resign... To sober up. To get stoic, as I wished. But every now and then, out of the blue, I have this moments when, with brief but intense clarity, I remember his features, his ways, his voice. In my mind's eye, I can see him walking on these dark hallways as he used to, I sense his presence like the one of a welcomed ghost, as if he were nearby, pleased, smiling. I evoke my short-lived, volatile happiness and think how we're just sparks in an arbitrary wind. The wild sailings of our lives, indeed. And in those moments instantaneously, I get weak with missing him. I get weak with this "exasperation", with this debilitating frustration that even gone, he is still holding me in his power. The one that got away… I know the sorrow will fade away eventually, leaving me without any lament and without expectation, without desire or pain. Only with the deep peace of the inevitable, only with the fatalistic calm of the helplessness. There's nothing that remains serious for long, isn't it?! Nothing that escapes to the engulfing folds of oblivion, to the grinding habit of time. Le temps qui nous guérit de tout… And as we drive in our sad, daily commute, and the car heads into the sunset, I feel this strange, indefinable desire to murmur his name, like Nick Nolte Barbra Streisand's in that movie. "Mister Cullen… Mister Cullen…"