was golden. I wondered where Edward was taking me, as he drove out of Forks and onto a trail I had never been on before in my life. When Edward finally stopped the car I had no idea where we were. The moonlight was the only light visible in the darkness of the cold night. And it shone onto a beautiful meadow full of flowers. Edward took my hand and led me over to a small clearing, where he sat down and I sat down next to him. He took off his jacket and draped it around my shoulders, which I thought was really sweet. My dress did little to protect me from the chill of the cold weather. "I'm not gonna lie, I'm not an outdoors kind of girl, but I like it here. It's pretty..." "Yes, I thought you would enjoy being here. It's a place I come to be alone," Edward replied. He just stared at me then, and I felt like his golden eyes could see right down into the very depths of my soul. It was disconcerting, but also excited me in a way I had never felt before. "Well, it is getting late. I'll take you home now, Jessica," He swiftly rose to his feet and held out a hand to me. I was disappointed, but of course I knew my night with Edward had to end, it could not go on just because I wanted it to. So I placed my hand in Edward's hand and allowed him to help me stand. Again in silence we walked back to his car and as he had promised he drove me back into Forks and stopped his car outside my house. He walked me up to my front door and I opened it, stepping inside before I turned back. I could not say what I really wanted to say. "Thank you, I had a really good time tonight..." "Goodnight, Jessica," Edward turned away to walk back to his car and I watched him go before I shut the door with a sigh and leant back against it, closing my eyes. In my mind I pictured Edward kissing me goodnight. Just a useless fantasy that would never come true. My mom ambushed me as I tried to sneak upstairs, grilling me about prom until I claimed I was tired. It was a lie, but it worked and mom sent me straight off to my room to get some rest. After I got ready for bed, I went back into my dark bedroom and frowned. The window was open, the curtains fluttering in the breeze. It was odd, because I knew I had shut the window earlier. Then I smiled as I went to close the window, as I thought it had been my mom who opened it while I was gone. She always said it was good to get fresh air in the house, even when it was cold outside. Then, as I turned around, I gasped in shock. There was a shadowy figure standing in a corner of my room. I snatched up the closest thing I could find, which was a handheld mirror and threw it at the figure. I was just about to scream for help but then the figure stepped out of the shadows, and he was holding the mirror. It was Edward. I sat down on my bed and let out a relieved sigh. "You scared me. I thought you were a burglar..." "Can I sit down with you?" Edward asked politely, as if we were on some bizarre date and he had not just snuck into my house. "Sure, I...I guess..." I replied hesitantly. "I mean, that doesn't sound like I want you here. It's not that. I just don't understand why you're here..." Edward sat down next to me, very close. "I just forgot to thank you for allowing me to escort you to prom," He smiled pleasantly, leaning in as he softly caressed my face with his hand and then he gently pressed his lips against mine. It was just a brief, chaste kiss and yet it meant more to me than all the other kisses I had gotten in the past. It had gone by so quickly and yet I felt like I could still feel his mouth on mine. I wrapped my arms around him and held him tightly, his scent of honey and vanilla enveloping me. I knew it was my only chance so I took it. Edward was tense at first, but then he returned the embrace. He held me like I was a delicate glass figurine, with a light touch. And he was kind enough to return my embrace. I was reluctant to let him go, but I forced myself to. There were so many things I wanted to say to him, but I kept silent. I couldn't tell him anything. He would never feel the same. "You should get some sleep now, Jessica. Perhaps I'll see you in school tomorrow," Edward smiled softly at me and then he was gone, having climbed out of the window and out of my life. We would pass each other in the school hallways, but we would not talk again. The truth was that we belonged to different worlds. Edward's world was secretive and mysterious. If I really stopped to think about all the ways he and his family were different from everyone else, I might be a little closer to figuring him out. And yet, I did not want to. It was not like it mattered. I would never belong in Edward's world, and even tonight although I had been with him there was still a vast divide between us. There always would be. I knew that I would remember tonight forever. And as time passed by, the memory would become hazy, like a wonderful dream. And that was all it would be in the future. A dream and never reality. Thanks for reading :)