it was taken right out of colonial Williamsburg. Pillars stood on either side of the main entrance, looking like a fortress. It was two stories and huge, bigger than any house I had ever seen before. The house looked bigger than the apartment building I lived in. I felt instantly intimidated. Edward came around and once again opened the door for me, "What do you think?" he sounded nervous. I gulped, not able to take my eyes off of the structure, "It's...big." "I know," he muttered, clearing his throat. "I was in a relationship with someone at the time I bought it. We were thinking about having a big family. I just hate moving." I had to shake my head to get rid of the image of kids with brown hair and green eyes running across the lawn. Knowing that he wanted a family did something to me. I was feeling things that were very against the rules. "I have no clothes." it finally occurred to me that I didn't have anything with me other than my purse. "We can stop at your house on the way to the airport tomorrow." he offered graciously, making me feel better. I could just sleep in the clothes that I had on tonight. "Thank you." I looked into his greens eyes, getting lost without giving myself permission. &7& Edward POV: When I saw the look of shock on her face, I felt guilty. It hadn't even occurred to me to warn her about the house. It was overly huge, and I wanted it gone from my life. The only memories it brought were bad ones, ones of the woman who had cheated on me in our bed. I went around to her side of the car and opened the door for her, I could see how pale she was; she looked horrified. I told her the reason behind why I bought the house, she relaxed, shaking her head. "I don't have any clothes." she said suddenly, making me have very dirty thoughts that I couldn't fight. I wouldn't have minded seeing her without clothes. "We can stop at house on the way to the airport tomorrow." I offered, trying to think about what she'd wear tonight. "Thank you." she looked at me and I instantly got lost in her warm brown eyes. "Do you want a tour?" I tore my eyes from her's. "Sure." her voice was breathy as we walked up to the front door. I put the key in the door, turning the key in the door. I welcomed her in, our steps echoing on the marble of the entryway. She gasped, looking around the open space, her eyes going from the chandelier to spiral staircase, she took steps to the dining room, taking in the red walls and oak table and chairs. "My mom is responsible for the décor." I closed the front door, locking it before following her into the room. Her hands stroked the smooth top of the table, "She has good taste." she replied, dreamily. "She likes interior design. Whenever I go to my parents house she has on HGTV." I leaned against the doorway, happy to just watch her take everything in. "Are you close to your parents?" she looked at me with a curious expression. "Yeah, we have family dinner every Sunday after church." she nodded, looking at me, her lip between her teeth. "Are you close to your parents?" "Yeah," she looked down before looking at me, "They don't live here. They're in Washington, where I grew up. I moved here when I started college. I miss them." she looked and sounded sad, the longing for her parents in her eyes. "I can't imagine being that far away from my parents." I commented, trying to make a connection with her. "I couldn't either, but they visit me a lot. I just wish they didn't live so far away." "What do you like to do?" we were walking back into the foyer toward the living room, taking a seat on one of the white couches. "I read mostly," she let her bag drop to the floor, making herself comfortable, scooting down into the cushions. "I love classics. My mom was the one that got me into them. She would read to me instead of me watching TV and she read Jane Austen and William Shakespeare, and I just fell in love with them." "I like to read," I followed her lead, molding my body into the cushions. "I like classics, too." She smiled, "It's hard for me to find someone else that likes them. My roommates think it's boring, but they are also transfixed with The Bachelor." "You're not a Bachelor fan?" I was relieved to find that she didn't like it. I had caught a few minutes of it once, all the woman fighting with each and throwing themselves at man that other girls wanted. I just didn't get it I guess. "No. I don't get it. It's not enough time to know if you're meant to be with someone. You need time just the two of you to figure that out." I looked at this girl that was already making her way into my life, something no one since Tanya had done, "Well, I can show you to the guest bedroom if you like so you get washed up." "I would like that." she stood and followed me up the second floor, looking at the pictures that covered the walls. "Is that your parents?" she pointed to a picture just outside the bedroom. It was a picture of them on their wedding day, cutting the cake, "Yes, it is." "They look happy." "They are." I opened the door to the room she would be staying in for the night, "This is it." "Thank you," she stood in the doorway. "You're welcome." I stood there for a moment after she closed the door, composing myself. This was going to be a long two weeks.