follow her gaze I see Bella dancing in between who it seems to be Emmet and some other guy I know him I seen him around Ems shop but I never asked who he was all I know he's a worker, the way she's dancing with them makes me see Red. That piece of shit of a mongrel has his paws on her. I don't worry about Emmet, I know he would never make a move on her, he has told me himself that he doesn't see her like that. No one knows what I feel for her but soon I will tell her and everyone will know she belongs to me. "Who the fuck is that with Bella, Ally?" I didn't think it was possible for my eyes to get any darker. I was just proved wrong. "Who the fuck is he Alice?" the muscles in my arms flex as I clenched and unclenched my hands. She ignores me, James looks at me from the corner of his eye…most of the party is surrounding them. I start to make my way to them when I see Emmet grabbing her from her waist He's whispering something to her in her ear, I hope is to tell her to go home and get some rest. I freeze in my spot for a second seeing what's about to take place, I seethe he fucking promised it was just friendship, I walk full speed taking my shirt off "Edward - Edward wait" I hear Alice yell They are about to kiss- I reach them I push him off, they look startled to see me "What the fuck bro" Emmet yells at me, I can smell the alcohol in his breath but at this point I don't care who he is, all I want its fucking blood and I don't care who's is it "What the fuck are you doing with my girl bro" I keep clenching and unclenching my hands getting in his face "Fuck you asshole I ain't your fucking girl!" she yells I look at her I can see she's mad and she looks fucking beautiful but I don't care that she's mad and she knows that "Go back to that whore you were just fucking in that room" she sneered- I'm taken a back that she noticed what I did if she only knew I did it because of her. "YOU. ARE. MINE" I say through clenched teeth looking at her .. By now everyone has stopped dancing all eyes are on us but I don't give a fuck I turn to him "You don't want to fight me bro" I said clenching my fist I can feel the veins in my arm pop out "What the fuck bro she ain't your fucking girl" Emmet says that's all it took for me to pounce.. I attack I don't care about the screaming that's going around I'm one sick motha fucker and I'm after blood I take a couple of punches but I recover quick, I duck and swing landing punches on him but the asshole won't go down. "You stupid son of a bitch she's my girl" I yell as I land a punch on his ribs. "STOP JUST FUCKING STOP!" she screams in my ear… We get separated by James and some of he's friends, she comes at me "You stupid son of a bitch!" she screams while punching me in the chest and across the face. This hasn't been the first time we have gotten like this I lost count of how many fights I have gotten because of her. The most recent one it's the one with one of her colleagues Mike fucking Newton bastard thought he could get in her pants on the first date, over my dead fucking body asshole. I went and stayed at her place the day she told me to stay away I gave her the excuse I wasn't feeling well and I wanted to stay with her because I felt lonely, took the bastard to the side told him to take a hike he didn't listen so I punched him and threaten him that next time he wouldn't be so lucky. Didn't think he would go running to her like a lost puppy to say the least she was beyond pissed she was fuming but she looked Hot being mad so I didn't give a damn about the argument she forgave me right away. "Why did you have to hit him, he didn't do anything I didn't want to" she yelled while slamming her small fist against my chest. "You wanted him to kiss you" I screamed at her loosing my temper again "You wanted his hands all over you is that it huh? Tell me that's not what your thinking Bella cause I fucking swear I will-" "You'll do what tell me what the FUCK will you do" she screamed throwing her hands in the air " You know what Fuck you asshole!" "Stop calling me an asshole, bitch." "Stop being one, jackass!" "I'm not an asshole!" "Yes, you are!" "I'm not!" "Yes, you are!" "No, dammit!" "You so are, jackass!" The air around us was crackling with tension, anger and sex. Though I won't admit to the latter. Our fight was now silent. You could hear a pin drop in the usually loud party we stared deep into each other's eyes. Waiting for the other one to break away first "You know what I'm capable of" I said in a low voice looking directly in her eyes "Don't threaten me because you know what I'm capable of doing" she said in the same low voice. Let me know what you think should i keep going or just get one more chpter and kill it there?... let me reviews dont be lazy assholes i would like to know what you think! Bellas tunic dress is on my profile go check it out and see why Edward got a boner =P