also weird, was this guy, Jasper Whitlock. He was a real live cowboy, who was extremely funny, but also very intelligent, even though you wouldn't guess it. I never seen a guy quite as good looking as he was, but I of course didn't let it show how interesting he was to me. My next class was English, with Mr. Mason, which of course was a disaster. Not only did he make me introduce myself, but his lingering eyes caused me to stumble in front of the entire class. Of course everyone laughed at my slip up, and my face went from pink to magenta. I loved English, so after the embarrassment, I found myself enjoying the class, no matter how many times Mr. Mason would smile my way. We then paired off to dissect the poem, ' Because I could not stop for Death' by Emily Dickinson, and I met Angela Webber, who I found I was comfortable with. Of course not as comfortable to tell her my life's story, but good enough to keep up a normal conversation. I then realized that I liked her, and I hardly ever like people, at least not honestly. My third class was French, with Mrs. Beau, and I instantly liked her, because she didn't have me introduce myself, she instead was ready to get to work. During class, I began to notice a short, raven haired beauty staring at me frequently. She was very short in her sit, and her foot looked as if it bounced from anticipation. Her hair was sticking out stylishly in all direction, and her gray-blue eyes seemed to pierce my soul. I then began to wipe my face, and smooth out my hair, hoping I didn't have anything on my face. At one point our eyes met, and instead of looking embarrassed at being caught staring, she simply smiled friendly at me, and gave me a slight wink. I froze as a thought hit me, I think she's flirting with me. I was truly flattered that she thought that I was attractive, but I didn't see her in the same aspect. What was I going to do? I couldn't just walk up to her and say, Sorry, you're pretty, but I'm not into you like that. My musing was cut short from the ringing bell. I began to gather my things and head toward my locker to go to lunch when someone blocked my view of the door. "Hey Bella! I'm so happy to see you again. I've missed you so much." The short, raven haired beauty said to me as she developed me into a strong hug. I'm sure the confusion was evident on my face, as I looked at her in utter shock. She noticed my still stature, and she leaned back from the hug to look at me. Her once bright eyes looked saddened, as she took a step back. "You don't remember me." She said softly, as she glanced down at her hands and back up at me. "I'm sorry, um-" I said trying to seem polite, but she cut me off, because she knew I didn't remember her name. "Alice" she said with a small smile, "Alice, I haven't been here in a long time, so I don't really remember anything or anyone." I said, but I knew once it escaped my mouth it was more to the story then what I was telling. Ever since I left I had been surprising all good memories, because all it did was make me sad, and wish that I was back at the place that once gave me joy. "I know, and that's okay. We were once best friends, and I believe that we will be best friends again. We were destine to be friends. Don't you think?" she said as she gave me a small, sweet laugh that sounded a lot like little bells at Christmas time. I nodded, as I turned and began to walk to my locker, but I realized I wasn't alone. Alice walked with me to my locker, which was surprisingly two lockers down from hers. We dropped off our books, and made our way to the cafeteria. Going through the line I grabbed an apple, a salad, and a bottle of water, just as Alice did. Getting out of the line I began to look around, trying to figure out where I was going to sit. "Sit with us?" Alice said, as she began to lead the way through the lunch room, to the table on the right side of the cafeteria that was right in front of a window. "Us?" I ask as we began to walk, but I began to hesitate to follow. I wasn't completely comfortable with Alice, and I didn't know if I wanted to sit with her type of friends. They probably were all super pretty, rich girls who only talked about boys and fashion. She turned around and looked concerned, "You'll like them, and I just know it. You were once good friends with Edward. You remember Edward Cullen?" she asked as her eyes shinned with hope of some kind of recognition. I didn't try to look in my mind and remember, because I didn't want to remember. I simply shook my head, her eyes looked like they lost some of its luster, but she bounced back quickly. "You'll like him, I know it." She nodded as I followed her to the table that had five people waiting at it, but the one that caught my eyes was him. He looked exactly the same as I remembered, but just older and hotter. His green eyes caught mine as Alice introduced me, and a whoosh of air escaped my lungs. My vision went black and before I knew it I hit the ground. A/N: Did anyone see that coming? What do you think about Bella's reaction to Edward? Alice? What was your reaction to this first Chapter? Thanks for reading -Virgo Pixie