asks, cupping my jaw gently. His eyes are tentatively hopeful, as if he honestly thinks there's a chance I won't. Knowing this cuter, softer version of Edward is hiding underneath his outside layer of being a dick just makes him better. Like caramel-filled chocolate. Or boozy punch. "Okay," I sigh. He grins with relief, and then turns to look over his shoulder as our rescue party's echoing footsteps get nearer. "Guess we'd better go." Our rescue party turns out to be Jane, Mike, and Angela. Only one of them looks less than pleased to have found us. "You locked yourselves in? You idiots," Jane grinds out, turning the key still left in the door with obvious resentment. "Who told you to go down to the basement?" I push Edward out of the way so I can escape first. "Oh, thank god," I groan, stretching as if I've been trapped in a tiny mine. "It was my fault," Edward says while I celebrate my freedom. "We were going to get the trees." Jane starts ranting, and he stands there and takes it, like a man. A hot, sexy man who laughs like a troll and kisses like a goddamn dream. Angela snaps her fingers in front of my face. I start, orienting my eyes to hers. "What?" "You okay?" "Yeah, I'm fine." She nods, looking us over. Her lips press into a tight line, as if holding back a smile. "Uhm. His shirt's inside-out." My eyes widen. Fuck. "That's not… my fault," I lie. "Okay." "We didn't… I mean, it's not… Okay, I'll just stop talking now." "Okay," she says again, turning away so she won't outright laugh in my face. When Jane's done tearing us a new one, she waits impatiently while we load the trees onto the cart. When we return to the store, she rounds on us. "You two morons severely affected our time schedule. You have half an hour left to finish Dining, and for your own sakes, you better be done by then." She turns, striding across the floor like she's the queen of Macy's. Chastised, we duck our heads and follow her. Jane takes a minute to point out everything we've done that she thinks is ugly before departing with a stern tapping at her wristwatch and a bone-chilling death-stare. "So…" Edward says, quickly unboxing the first tree. "About that date." "Yeah?" "Wanna get breakfast? I know a great place that serves pancakes round the clock." "What, so we have our date now? Tonight?" He shrugs. "Yeah? Why, do you not want to? I'm just being practical." "How so?" "I'm hungry." "Very romantic." "We just made out in a basement that smells like mice poop. You really want to bring romance in to this?" "Fair point." "I mean, I can give you romance. Boy, can I give you romance. I'll romance the crap out of any situation. In fact," he says, brandishing a branch dramatically, "I'm going to make eating pancakes so romantic, you'll probably die." "Oh, now I can't wait." "You'll see," he says, somewhat threateningly. Probably realizing this, he lowers the branch. "I mean, you'll see." "Okay." "My point being, I'm a romantic guy, okay? So being with me has its benefits, beyond just the physical gratification." He pauses, nodding to himself. "Of which there will be lots." "Can't wait," I say, without the extreme sarcasm this time. I move closer, clutching a box of ornaments so I don't fondle him. "No, seriously, I can't wait." Smirking, he moves closer, too. "So, it's a date?" "It's a date." We smile at each other. It's pretty obnoxious. Over the course of the next 30 minutes, our co-workers show up to help us as they gradually finish their own sections. Jane actually looks disappointed that everything is set up as it's supposed to, and she mopes in her office after telling us we can leave. Edward helps me into my coat, brushing the side of my neck as he does. With a hand on my lower back – not pushing or guiding, but apparently just to be close – he walks us out of the locker room, not caring that everyone can see. When we get to his car, he doesn't so much open my door for me as he sprints ahead so he can gather up all the fast-food wrappers cluttering up the passenger seat. "Sit, make yourself comfortable," he says, arms full, before hurrying off to the dumpster. I look around the car, not surprised to see three different tennis shoes, candy wrappers, and a beat-up old iPod in the backseat. When he comes back, his cheeks are tinged pink with excitement, and he's just smiling, like me being in his car is reason enough to. Leaning over, I kiss him. He looks surprised but pleased when I settle back into my seat. "If this is an example of the romance you were talking about, you're off to a good start," I say. "Really? Throwing away a moldy hamburger is your minimum requirement? That bodes well for me." "Well, I did let you kiss me in a basement. My requirements are all pretty minimum." He grins, and reaches into his pocket. "Speaking of which… I snagged this before we left." He pulls out the mistletoe ornament, dangling it in front of me. He's replaced the gold string it used to have with a red ribbon, which he ties around his rearview mirror. We watch it spin slowly back and forth. The tacky silver glitter catches the light, twinkling gently at us. "That is some ugly fucking mistletoe." "The actual worst." "Still," he says, "without it, I wouldn't have kissed you. So I guess it's not all bad." "No," I say, leaning my head back as I smile at him. His own smile is both shy and pleased. "Not bad at all, actually." Thanks for reading! Meg and Kim are the best ever, and they make the world a better place. Love you, girlies.