a large tree was beside it. I sighed softly and let my back pack fall from my shoulder. It hit the ground with a slightly thump. I walked over to my bed and threw myself down back first. I knew I wouldn't cry not yet at least, that would probably wait until I was ready to go to bed. I opened my eyes when I heard a soft knock on my door, and saw Drake holding my suitcases with a smile. I chuckle slightly which to him was invitation in to my room. He set my suitcases down by my closet. And then leaned against my wall staring at me with a unreadable expression on his face. I sighed and sat up. "I'm fine Drake trust me." I said softly which caused him to smile. "That's good but that's not why I came in here. Other than to bring you your things. I wanted to tell you we're going to school tomorrow. Forks High I believe it's called." Drake said with a smirk, and I groaned. I couldn't believe I had to go to public school. I had been homeschooled my entire life. Drake laughed at my reaction but I just flipped him off, which caused him to laugh harder. I ignored him as I stood up to change. I stepped into my closet with my pajamas. I quickly changed out of my jeans and sweater, to purple silk shorts and a tight purple tank top. When I stepped back into my room I closed my suitcase. I glanced up when I heard a chuckle, and saw that Drake was on the floor. I rolled my eyes at him and chuckled slightly. I knew I could never stay mad at him. I stood up and calmly walked over to him, and poked him with my foot. I held out my hand for him to take which he did. Once he was steadied I saw him examine my pajamas. He whistled lowly which caused me to chuckle. "You know Bella if I wasn't gay, I would so date you." He said with a smirk. I slapped his arm playfully and laughed. "Yes but sadly you are gay, and besides what makes you think I would ever date you?" I said with a laugh. Drake immediately started to pout which made me laugh harder. "Yes because that looks so attractive." I said with a chuckle. He just stuck his tongue out at me, but his eyes were shining. I turned and walked towards my door that was closed. I opened it with a flourish which caused Drake to laugh. I smiled kindly at him and said. "Out." Still chuckling he left the room, and I rolled my eyes at him. I closed my door, and turned off the light. The room was immediately washed in darkness, after a few moments my eyes grew adjusted to it. And, I moved towards my bed. I got in and pulled the covers up to my chin. I sighed as I felt tears start to come and I let them. After about an hour of crying my tears stopped. I felt lulled by the sound of the rain hitting the window, and the wind whistling through the trees. I closed my eyes as I felt sleep overtake me. It was dark it felt like the shadows were trying to crawl out and grab me. I turned my head to the side when I heard claws scrapping against wood. I felt fear build inside of me like I never felt before, and I ran. I knew I had to keep running or I would be killed. So that's what egged me on, stop running I die. I ran through the trees as fast as I could. But, I could hear it coming after me. Its heavy breathing and stench like that of a wet dog filled my senses. And, I knew it was gaining on me. I tried to run faster, but I felt my foot hit a raised root. I knew even before I hit the ground I was screwed. I felt the cool hard ground of the forest press into my hands, and I quickly flipped over onto my back. But, I was stopped from getting up by a growl. I looked up with fear in my eyes, straight into the eyes of beast. Its cold hard eyes the color of lava stared straight into mine. I saw it bare its teeth with a growl. I closed my eyes as fear overtook me. I opened them when I heard a branch crunch closer to me. I saw the beast crouching low to the ground, and again fear overwhelmed me. "Please... Please have mercy... Please..." I begged tears streaming down my face, but it didn't seem fazed as it lunged with a almighty growl, a murderous gleam in its eyes. I woke up screaming tears running down my face. I could hear footsteps rushing towards my room and voices at the other side of my door. Before the door burst open and Drake came. He immediately wrapped me in his arms, sitting on the edge of my bed. He whispered words of comfort into my ear, and I could feel my shaking go down slightly. But, I buried my head in to the crook of his neck as sobs wracked my body. After about an hour of crying and him comforting me, I pulled back. "Thanks Drake I needed that." I say with a small smile but he just nodded. But, when he was about to get up I quickly grabbed his hand and pulled him back on the bed. "Can you stay with me tonight?" I asked and he immediately nodded and smiled and laid back down on my bed. He positioned himself beside me and I rested my head on his chest, and I finally let sleep take me again. A/N; I hope it wasn't to bad. I will try to update this regularly.