world. Unless he kills her," I frowned. "That would be... really bad." Rosalie sighed. "We'd lose him, Emmett. It's not worth the risk." "They could always have a long distance thing you know. Maybe an online love affair? Email, Skype, text messages. He could e-woo her." "E-woo?" "Yeah, electronic wooing. Maybe I should trademark that one." "You're an idiot," Rose scoffed. I laughed. "Hey, at least that way he could find out if she's even worth all the drama." "Worth it or not, she's human, Emmett. She can't have anything to do with us. Edward knows that. Hence the drama. Well, that and it's Edward we're talking about here." She shook her head, irritated, slightly disgusted, but also concerned. "Look, maybe I was wrong to be so hard on him. Maybe he can't help how he feels about this little human, but either way you need to let all these crazy ideas go before he gets back and hears you. It will only make it harder for him to do what he knows is right and stay away from her." I nodded and smiled agreeably, but didn't say anything to my wife. Was staying away from Bella the right thing? Edward had tried that already and look where it led him –right back to square one. It occurred to me that five years had gone by and the girl was probably married, engaged, or otherwise attached. If she was available then she was probably enjoying the college life and depending on how much she had embraced the collegiate spirit, she may not even be desirable to Edward anymore. He'd always had a superior sense of morality. Would it be easier for him to live without the girl he loved if he knew she was either lacking in virtue or taken? And what if she wasn't taken? What if she was still looking for Mr. Right? What if there really was such a thing as soul mates and Edward was hers? What if Edward was her Rosalie? Her angel? I really needed to think about this some more, but Rosalie was right. Eddie-boy would lose it again if he had to endure my inner monologue. I sighed and scratched my head. "You know, Rosie... maybe we should get out of here for a little while until things blow over. Maybe it would be easier for Edward if we weren't around worrying about him." "I don't know, baby," she answered. "What if he takes off again for good, or flips out and goes after the girl, or he and Jasper get into it over this thing with Alice? I think we should stay." Crap. She was right. We really needed to be here for the family. I knew it would be difficult to avoid thinking about the Bella situation around Edward, but I'd have to do it. He also deserved a chance to work things out for himself first. I mean, a man can only resist for so long, right? Maybe he'd decide to go see Bella all on his own. Of course there was always the risk that he might end up killing her in that scenario. Still, I wasn't quite ready to give up on helping my brother just yet. I could wait and see if things improved in the next week or so, and if they didn't, if Edward was still suffering, try to come up with some kind a plan. My long-distance idea had some merit. For better or worse, there had to be some way to convince Edward to at least find out more about Bella Swan –to talk to her or something. "Emmett?" I smiled at Rose and shook my head. "You know what? You're right. We should stay here," I said, keeping the truth of my thoughts to myself. "Of course, I'm right," Rosalie smirked. I laughed, "You always are." "Kiss-ass..." "You know it." We walked back to the house hand in hand. I felt a little bad for keeping the true nature of my thoughts from Rosie, but there had to be a way to save everyone from all this drama and angst. I didn't know about the rest of them, but angst definitely wasn't my thing. And maybe if I was sneaky enough, I could pull one over on Edward and Alice. That alone was reason enough to try. ~(~)~ End Notes: If you've been following WDH for a while now, you may remember way back this summer when I offered an outtake for some reviews. My readers were gracious enough to oblige, but sadly I am just now posting this six months later. Please forgive the fail. :-( I was very determined not to let the extras take away from completing the main story. As for the main story, I am having some problems with writer's block but I really hope to have a new chapter out soon. I wish I could give you a date, but as luck would have it my laptop is out for repairs right now as well so I am severely limited. I AM trying however so please hang in there! Moving on... "Angst Ain't My Thing" tied with "The Evolution of Love", (a bonus chapter about how Bella and Jessica's friendship grew into what it was at the start of WDH), as the outtake the readers most wanted to see. I haven't forgotten that one either and I will get it up here as soon as I can . There will also be a bonus chapter of back-story regarding the nature of Bella and Jacob's relationship that will post when it won't spoil anything coming up in future chapters of WDH. Thank you as always for reading and don't forget to put this on alert if you're interested in future extras from the story. Lastly, HUGE thanks go to the wonderful betas and pre-readers who support me and make my writing worth reading. You know who you are and I am humbled as always. :-) Ginnie