were weeping." My face grew warm in embarrassment. "I'm not now." His brow wrinkled together. "Why is that?" I smiled shyly. "I guess... because you're here." His eyes widened. "I don't understand." I shrugged. "That's okay. I'm just glad that..." My voice faltered and I looked away as the words that had been echoing in my head for two days returned. He doesn't want you. "Never mind." He groaned. "It's unbearable when you do that." My shoes were suddenly fascinating. "I'm sorry," I whispered. His chilled fingers found my face again, lifting my chin until I met his eyes. "Don't apologize. I didn't mean it like that. I just want to know what you're thinking." He paused and then sighed. "I'm not used to being unable to tell." "No?" He shook his head. "No, I'm usually able to tell quite clearly what people are thinking." I smiled halfway. "I had noticed that." "I'm not surprised." He chuckled softly. "But not me?" I pushed. "No. I can't hear a thing that's going on inside that beautiful head of yours." My cheeks flushed. "That's probably a good thing." His head tilted to the side, his eyes searching mine while the rain continued to beat down. "I don't know... it might have saved us some trouble." "How so?" I asked, ignoring the chill setting in. He glanced away. "I heard you talking to Alice." I blushed deeply. "Oh." "Have you really been worried about me ?" I nodded slowly. "Why?" Another blush. "I thought... I was worried you were trying to avoid me. I didn't want you to have to do that." He smiled sadly. "I didn't want school to be uncomfortable for you." I nodded. "I thought it might be because of all that stuff I said the other night." He looked down. "Well, there is that, but no... I just didn't want you to have to be afraid when you went to school." "I wasn't, I'm not. Not for the reasons you're thinking." "Then why?" I shook my head. "You don't want to hear the answer." "Yes, I do." "No. You don't." I closed my eyes. "You told me you don't." He was quiet a moment, perhaps trying to unravel my cryptic remark. It didn't take him long. "Bella..." I shivered at the tenderness in his voice. He stepped closer and my body shook again. I heard a low groan and then his hands were gone from my waist. "We should get you inside and dried off before you catch your death." I was taken aback when he offered his hand. "It will be cold," he said sounding shy. "Always cold..." I took it without hesitation. "I don't mind the cold so much anymore." He seemed to watch in wonder as our fingers wove together. I couldn't tell who moved first to initiate the action, but my breath hitched at the sensation. "Do you feel it, too?" he whispered, still staring. I nodded, and then shivered. He chuckled and tugged gently on our joined hands. "Let's get you inside." Before I could quite process what was happening, what had changed between us, we were standing on Charlie's small porch. Edward reached behind me and produced the key to front door, handing it to me. "How did you–?" He shrugged. "I saw you use it when I dropped you off after school last week." "Oh." I shivered again, though I wasn't sure if it was from the cold. He pulled his hand from mine anyway. A small protest escaped my lips before I could stop it. He smiled. "You need to go inside and get warm. You'll catch cold." "That's an old wives' tale." His grin turned impish. "Just the same, let's not tempt fate." I laughed quietly and then looked up at him, my eyes full of a thousand questions for him. "Stay?" I asked nervously. He shook his head. "Not now." My stomach dipped in disappointment. "May I call you this evening?" he asked unexpectedly. My heart soared. "Y- yes." His smile was blinding. Mine was probably blue, but just as pleased. Then I shook again from cold and we both laughed. "Go get warm, Isabella." I liked the sound of my formal name on his lips and agreed immediately. "Are you sure you won't come in?" I asked once I was standing just inside the threshold. "No, thank you. Your father might find it curious I had no mode of transportation with me." I looked up and down the street, only then realizing his car wasn't here. "How...?" "I ran." "In the rain?" "I do it all the time. I'll show you sometime." "Really?" His eyes glimmered. "I promise." "And you'll be back tonight?" "I promise." I smiled. "Good." We stared at one another a long time before he tucked a damp strand of hair behind my ear and stepped back. "Until this evening, Bella." I nodded, my heart quickening with anticipation instead of fear or anxiety for once. "Until then," I whispered. He dipped his chin and walked backwards down the porch steps, refusing to take his eyes from mine. I waved and began to close the door when suddenly he called out. "Bella?" "Yes?" "You should probably warn Charlie that I'm coming over." My mouth fell open. "Ch- Charlie?" "He will be home, won't he?" I nodded, dumbly and he laughed. "I promise to be on my best behavior." I made a choking sound and then he was laughing harder, turning towards the woods behind our house with a wink. "See you later, Bella." As I closed the door and looked around my father's small house, I was overcome by fear once again — a very different, very new kind of fear. A/N: So, I meant this to turn out a bit darker, but... I just couldn't do it! I'm a sap, what can I say? Also, I was pretty interested in re-writing the meeting between Charlie & Edward, so a second chapter has been added. Enjoy!