wracking to have all of these people watching you, but I just hoped that they would get over themselves already. Sue greeted us with two plates full of food and a knowing look. I thanked her and Leah started to dig into her food almost as soon as we sat down on one of the logs by the fire. I felt several people glaring me and I had a feeling of who it was. After everyone had eaten their fill and we were all cozied up by the fire, the man in the wheel chair, who I just learned was Billy Black, started to tell the story of their ancestors and the "cold ones", aka vampires. I listened with interest while most of the others around us seem bored. I heard someone make a snide comment about my family several times when vampires were mentioned in the story telling and by the end I was furious. My rage was barely contained and I was getting ready to snap. "Hey. Let's get out of here. Just ignore them." Leah whispered to me and stood up. She took my wrist and was leading me out of there when I heard someone say, "I think they both should burn like the Cullens". I knew that they were talking about Leah and I. I stormed over to the asshole who said it and got in their face. "You want to say that again?" I spat. "Yeah. You both need to burn just like those vampires." Sam sneered. Some of the boys "oohed" at the insult. "What in the fuck is your problem, Sam?" Leah growled, getting in on the conversation. "The two of you. You're both abominations." "Well you're a manipulative asshole and a shitty alpha." Leah spat. Sam smacked Leah across her face and it echoed rather loudly. All of the chatter from the party had stopped and I was getting ready to kill this son of a bitch. How fucking dare he touch her? Leah froze for a few seconds before punching Sam right in the face, the force making him stagger back. He growled and I pulled Leah backwards just as he shifted. I let go of my imprint just as I felt her shaking. I knew she was going to shift and so was I. I felt myself shift just as Leah did and we glanced over at each other before going in to attack Sam. I was about to bite down on Sam's neck when I was rammed into and I flew backwards about a hundred feet. I skidded to a stop by digging my claws into the ground, tearing it up. I growled at my attacker and realized it was Paul, the one who injured me last time. Well he was going to be so lucky today. I let out a roar and lunged at him. He tried to bite me again but I grabbed into his tail again and flung him into another tree. He was out cold. I heard a loud whimper and my head whipped over to see Leah on the ground still in her wolf form. She was in a submissive position. Sam was using his alpha powers on her. How fucking dare he! I ran at Sam full speed and knocked him at least a fifty yards back. He growled and started to charge at me. I ran at him full speed again and he attempted to dodge me but I bit down as hard as I could on his shoulder. He howled out in pain and tried to buck me off. I pinned him to the ground and any time that he tried to get up I bit down harder. I put my paw on his throat and I was getting ready to crush it. "AMELIA MARIE CULLEN! YOU LET GO RIGHT THIS INSTANT!" My eyes snapped up at the voice. It was Dad. What in the hell was he doing here? I snarled at him although it was muffled because I had my teeth sunk into this bastard below me. "Amelia I said right now!" Dad yelled at me. I didn't budge. This asshole hurt my imprint. He needed to die. "Amelia please. I love him. Let him go." Emily said, pleading with me. She was crying. No! He needed to die. I bit down harder and I heard him yelp more. "Amelia please! Think of Leah! Wouldn't you do anything to save her?" That's what I'm doing. I'm protecting Leah. If this asshole has to go then so be it. "Amelia! Let him go. I know he's a royal asshole and I would love nothing more for you to finish the job but he is Emily's imprint. She would be crushed. Please just let him go. Knowing that my imprint, a girl no less, beat him in a battle is going to kill his ego. He will be wounded for the rest of his life." Leah said. I was torn between killing him and listening to Leah. "Babygirl, you need to let go of him okay? I know he's a bastard who deserves to rot in hell but karma will come back and bite him in the ass." Dad said. I huffed and thought about it for a minute. Fine, you win. I released my teeth from Sam's shoulder but still kept my paw on his neck. I still didn't trust him. Leah came over to me and hugged my neck. I was exhausted and my muscles ached from the fighting today. I shifted back into my human form and we both fell to the ground. Leah was on top of me and I groaned. "I'm not that fat." "You're on my bad leg." "Oh! I'm sorry." Leah said sheepishly. Leah looked into my eyes then and she was leaning in to kiss me. "Hey! No kissing my daughter in front of me." Dad said but I knew he was joking. "Then turn around." I said and kissed my imprint.