all along!" Edward said, raising his voice. "Son, calm down. We can discuss this later." Carlisle said, putting his hand on Edward's shoulder. "Now hand over the girl." Jane spoke and then I realized a newborn girl, around fifteen or so, was cowering behind Carlisle and Esme. "Please, don't. She surrendered. We will take full responsibility for her." Esme pleaded. "The Volturi don't give second chances. Felix?" Jane said and Felix, the big burly Volturi guard came over and the girl started to scream. Felix snapped the girl's neck and then set her body on fire. I looked away during the ordeal. I didn't want to watch what seemed like an innocent girl die. Then I felt an overwhelming wave of pain hit me and it felt like I was transforming all over again. The pain sent me to my knees and I clutched at my chest. "Eleanor?!" Rosa said worriedly. "Stupid bitch. You just love to torture me, don't you? Coward." I spat out while I tried not to scream. "I'm sure that we will be seeing you again soon. Aro will not be pleased to see that you're still alive." Jane said with a smug look on her face. I hissed at her and then she looked at the guard that came with her. "Let's go home. I'm bored." I was released from my torment and I rolled over on the ground so I was on my back. Bugger, that hurt. "Are you alright, dear?" "I'm grand." I said sarcastically. I got up from the ground and started to walk away. "Where are you going?" "To hunt. I'm rather parched after all the fightin' and the human bleedin'." I said and then ran at vampire speed into the forest. I reluctantly went back to the house after I spent all night hunting. I went up to Canada to get more game and to run. I needed to clear my head after what has happened today. I did not want to go back to the house in fear of what the Cullens will do to me. I know that Edward is furious at me but I was still pretty cross with him as well. I took a deep breath and walked up the back porch and wasn't sure if I should knock or just walk inside. Alice appeared at the door then and opened it. She looked me up and down before grimacing but let me in anyways. I gave her a confused look. "You ruined a perfectly good pair of jeans. They made your butt look cute." She said and then ran into the living room. I rolled my eyes at the lil vampire and made my way towards the stairs to go change and take a shower. I walked back downstairs after I showered and changed my clothes to something that wasn't torn apart. I was pulled into another hug from Esme and Carlisle hugged me as well. Were they actually worried about me? "We were so worried about you." Esme said, confirming my thoughts. I stayed quiet. I didn't exactly know what to say. I adverted my eyes so that I didn't have to look at them. "Eleanor. Look at me." Esme said softly. I still kept my eyes downcast, looking at all of the fibers in the rug on the floor. "Sweetheart, look at me." Esme said in the same tone but she lifted my chin upwards so I had no choice but to look at her. "You did nothing wrong, you hear me? Being related to Victoria does not change how I see you. You are still my first little girl and I love you just the same as I did before, if not more. The past is the past and there is nothing you can do to change that. We all know that." Esme said and I felt the burning sensation of the venom building up behind my eyes. I didn't dare speak because I knew that nothing would come out other than sobs. Esme saw the tears building up in my eyes and she pulled me into her arms. I let myself be held by the vampire I had come to know as a mother figure in my life. I eventually broke our embrace and she kissed my forehead. I glanced over into the living room where Rosa was standing there, waiting. I knew by the look on her face that she wanted to talk to me. I looked back to my vampire mother and she gave me a knowing look. I gave her a smile and followed Rosa outside and we ran together through the forest for what felt like forever, but in reality it was only a few minutes. We had reached some part of the woods that I did not recognize but I heard running water off in the distance. I looked at Rosa for the longest time, not knowing what exactly to do. "I'm not mad at you, Eleanor. You can't help what has happened in the past. I don't care that you're related to Victoria, in fact, I don't think anybody really cares other than Edward. I think he's just mad because he couldn't figure it out sooner. I don't blame you that you never told us and it wasn't ours to know unless you felt the need to tell us. The only thing I care about is you. I'm glad that you weren't hurt." Rosa said and stepped closer towards me so we were only inches apart. She lifted her hand up to my cheek and I relished in the feeling. "I love you. I'm sorry that I never admitted it before but I was too selfish. I wanted to hold on to what was expected of me and I hurt you in the process." Rosa said softly, looking into my eyes. I looked into hers and I couldn't help but melt, as cliche as that sounded. "I love you too." I said and kissed her.