as for life down south, Pancho Rojo, became the president of Mexico. He was democratically elected but he soon became a dictator. He has since then invaded America numerous times and captured parts of Southern L.A and destroyed the "Import Wall" causing Mexicans to overpopulate the country, making whites the minority. Many political pundits predict that the first Mexican President will be elected in 2035 and that the world will plunge in a downward spiral soon after. At the Camden Aquarium, it was discovered that they were illegally importing fish and workers from South America and they soon went out of business. The fish were released back to their homes and the aquarium devolved into gang territory….again. Unfortunately fish don't just swim back to their homes, so most of them died in the crummy, acne infected Camden lake. The few that did escape were transformed into fish people which caused a massive uproar in the Polynesian community. They now worship the specimens as the sons of Fish Warrior, their lord and savior. Ching's cousin Sum Ting Wong went on to the Dota World Championships and is now internationally famous. After a little bit he began to receive death threats from the League of Legends community and never went outside again. Swimming Bird later went on to teach philosophy in Harvard University. Also known as talk while hopped up on all the drugs in the world. Although criticized for teaching fish related metaphors that had no meaning, he is widely accepted as one of the greatest philosophers in the modern age. Courtney later got back together with Brad after she found out that Chet was cheating on her with Jessie and that he had fucked her sister and cousin…...without inviting her. Heart man was arrested and sent to jail in multiple accounts of ear rape. This was caused by his extreme usage of the word "Brah" and his singing. Couples' Day was also abolished in most parts of America because of the multiple homicides that have been found to be linked to it. Many victims of this holiday stepped up to tell their stories. This is one of them. "That day I was caught jacking off in my car. A man then asked me where my girlfriend was and then I was pulled out and stabbed multiple times. I don't have a dick no more." The show border patrol also came under fire because of the violence it depicts and because of its racism toward Mexicans. Critics argue that the show was responsible for many of the hate crimes in America. However, the overwhelming amount of supporters argue that it teaches young children the importance of defending their country "by killin' all of them imports". Julius and Palmer were arrested shortly after the aquarium incident. They were given the death sentence, but after acting as their own defense in court they lowered the death penalty to 2 months in prison. Soon after their imprisonment, the prison they were being kept in spontaneously exploded, leaving only pieces of red debris and a note saying: Later BITCHES, time to give 'em the swag! Unfortunately for the police, the only pieces of evidence found were a couple of plastic spoons covered with blood. After testing the objects, it was found that Julius and Palmer's fingerprints were on them. As for Esperanza, she became a model and eventually spoke up about her experience with pedophiles. "I was only 4 when I was being harassed by a man named Miguel. I was then taken by another man when I was 12 and I couldn't be free from the harassment until I was 15 and I officially became a woman in Mexican culture. The men finally left me alone and molested other kids." At the time of this interview Esperanza was 17 years old, if there is any information on her whereabouts please contact the police immediately. We suspect a reported dead, Mexican man named Manuel that was mentioned during the interview. And as for the "heroes" of this tale, Vlad, Clarice, and Christine currently live in Cleveland, and yes, he's married to both of them. Shortly before the wedding, he converted to Mormonism which allowed him to have multiple spouses. They have adopted 5 children because Vlad is scared of the sex. As it turns out, Christine is also a prostitute and now their income has doubled, allowing them to live a slightly more comfortable life. Clarice became pregnant because a guy attempted the Puerto Rican pullout and failed, and Christine got run over by a flying elephant, also known as a beaver. She survived the ordeal but never went to the zoo again. Vlad continued to be a bitch... forever. Although these seem like big problems, they haven't caused any real commotion and they now live happily ever after….. kind of…. The End Finally Congratulations! You have successfully completed this story without crying, bleeding, falling into cardiac arrest, or dying(hopefully). This is a task that not everyone can do for only few have a large enough attention span to read over 40 pages of absolute nonsense. You are now enriched with both the best and the worst, oh yeah, definitely the worst, (the best worst) that satirical comedy has to offer. Feel free to boast to your friends about your accomplishment of wasting an hour and a half of your life reading our bullshit. Ignore this message if you are one of the people on this list. Special Thanks: Also, huge props to the editing and feedback team behind this project. Sorry for dragging you guys into this, but we never thought this would get this big, and it would never have happened without the support of some of the awesome people that motivate us to do stupid things like this. In the story's earlier stages it was just a joke, but the people behind the scenes that we slowly accumulated made this into something far more awesome. You guys are the best. Thank you