and then walked away shaking her head, while Em just cracked up laughing. My brother may not come across as the smartest guy around (even if he has a Business Administration degree from UDub), but he was smart enough to know that his wife loved him, and that those idiots didn't stand a chance. Secretly I think he liked it because he could get all smug about the fact he was married to a 'real fine, smoking hot piece of ass,' as he so eloquently puts it. Gee, Mom and Dad must be so proud that their boy grew up to be such a gentleman! As the group erupted into howls of laughter at this guy getting served by Rose, James spoke up, "No, she's too obvious, besides, blondes don't do it for me…I'm much more attracted to petite brunettes with long legs, a tight ass, perky tits and a plump set of lips that will look spectacular when they're wrapped around my cock." "Any brunette in particular?" asked one of the group, I think he was called Laurent. "Yeah, there's this chick at work who is just begging for it." He pointed towards the table where BBG and her friends were sitting. "She's been resisting so far, but I reckon before the night is out, she'll be unable to resist my charms. I mean what's not to like, I'm good looking and heir to a publishing empire, which should be more than enough to make her putty in my hands." So I'd been wrong in my original suspicion of who he had his eye on. That left BBG or the girl she was sitting next to, who was pretty in a librarian kind of way with those wicked horn rimmed style glasses, but nowhere near how Hunter had described his prey. Nope, he was after BBG, there was no mistaking it. I just prayed she had more taste and common sense than to leave with him tonight. The band wrapped up their set with a great rendition of Iris by The Goo Goo Dolls, a personal favourite of mine, and I moved on to serve another customer. Out of the corner of my eye I saw BBG and her group of friends get up from their table. The librarian look-a-like and their fourth companion headed towards the stage, while the blonde and BBG started walking towards the bar and blondie's eyes were firmly fixed on James and his crew. I didn't hear what was said when she reached them, but my head snapped up when James yelled out, "Hey Bella, are you gonna come join us too?" He wasn't wrong, BBG was beautiful, but did he really think that slipping a bit of Italian in there would put him onto a winner? Blondie's eyes narrowed at James' words and snapped to where BBG was standing at the bar being served a bottle of water by Rose. "No thanks James, I'm heading home I'm afraid," she replied, as he started sauntering over to where she was standing. "Awwww, come on beautiful, you need to come and thank me properly for the drinks I bought you and your girlfriends earlier," he bounced back with a filthy smirk while catching hold of her wrist as she tried to walk away. Yeah buddy, we all know what kind of thanking you are expecting and trust me, this chick has more class in her little finger than you will ever have. "Sorry but no, I really am tired and I want to go home," she said quietly while trying to pull herself free from his grip. He really didn't seem to want to take 'no' for an answer, which didn't surprise me knowing his reputation and what I'd heard. "Well sweetheart, how about we head back to your place and continue with a little 'party a deux' if you know what I mean," he drawled. BBG looked like she was going to be sick as she squirmed to get away, so deciding enough was enough, I walked up to where they were standing and slammed my hand down on the bar. Both of them looked up at me in surprise, then a look of relief washed over her beautiful face as I turned to James and snarled, "Sir, I think you need to listen to the lady. If she said no, then accept it and walk away." James glared at me while BBG gave me a small smile of thanks as he released her arm. I smiled back at her before she turned and walked away towards the bathrooms. Once she'd gone he headed back towards his group of friends, but stopped halfway and turned to me, his tone laced with venom, "I wouldn't try wasting your time on that one, she's nothing but a tease. Besides, the bitch will be mine before the night is over." Something about what he said bothered me, like the poor woman didn't have a choice and he would just take what he wanted. If one thing Esme Cullen drilled into her boys was that you were nothing if not a perfect gentleman to a lady, whether you were spending one night, or offering to spend your whole life with them. Anything less was just unacceptable, and despite my preference for the one night option, I couldn't agree with her more. If a chick said no, she meant no, and you just had to accept it, just like they should accept it if a guy said no to them. I was due a break, so I decided I would try to catch her before she left the bar to make sure she was okay, and perhaps suggest taking a taxi home after what James had shared with me. I just hoped she hadn't already left the building yet. So there you go, we're off and rolling with this being a multi-chapter story. Chapter 2 will be posted shortly and feedback is always gratefully received. Thanks for reading guys.