as Edward's image surfaced in my mind. His crooked grin. The grin that, I had secretly noticed, was only reserved for me and only me. "Alice," I placed my head in my hands, trying to prevent her from seeing the tears that threatened to fall any moment. "I screwed up majorly! Edward said he loved me but I didn't know how I felt. All I know is that my heart aches without him and my body wants his touch. Every fiber of my being wants him to be next to me again." I blurted out everything. Alice held my head up and tears streaked down my cheeks. "Edward already… doesn't need me to save him… He's a perfect 17-year-old. I'm useless to him now. It's wrong for me to be by his side. It's wrong …" I muttered. "It's not. Edward probably loved you since he knew how to spell his name. You do too! It's just that you haven't realized it yet and Edward is rushing into things as usual." She placed her Porsche car keys in my palm and whispered, "Now you know, go find him." I didn't need her to tell me a second time… Edward's team was losing to the opponent by 18 points. His basketball jersey clung to his skin and strands of hair stuck to his sweaty face. He was panting heavily and so were the rest of his teammates. I pushed myself through the crowd to get to the front. "EDWARD!" I shouted. His head whipped around to meet me. His eyes widened and his mouth formed a little 'o'. He was surprised. "PLEASE WIN!" I blushed when everyone turned to look at me. One of his teammate, Tyler, nudged Edward and gave an awkward smile. "Even though Bella asked you to win, it's impossible, right? We're so exhausted and losing by 18 points. It's useless, right Edward?" Edward didn't reply. He looked at me and gave me his famous crooked grin. He caught the basketball with one hand and told Tyler, "We'll win. Because Bella asked me to. If it's Bella, I'll do anything." "Edward, catch." I threw him a bottle of mineral water. Edward's team had lost by 2 points and he was sitting dejectedly outside the gym by himself. He caught the bottle and started chugging down the contents. "I'm sorry, Bella. We lost." He smiled apologetically. I gave him a sweet smile, a real one this time. "Well… Since you listened to me and tried your best… I forgive you." Time to execute my extremely-stupid-and-blush-inducing plan to get Edward back… I tilted my body backwards, till gravity took over and I was falling. Edward ran forward to catch me. I was once again caught in his strong embrace. The current was back and buzzing. "What are you doing?" He asked, bewildered yet with a hint of amusement dancing in his eyes. I knew he would catch me. Like he always do. "Carry me to the steps of the gym," I ordered, trying to make it sound like a request that can't be turned down. Edward raised an eyebrow, "Huh?" "You don't want to?" I asked coyly, though I was secretly crossing my fingers behind my back. Please just do what I say… I silently begged in my mind. Without a word, Edward swooped me off my two feet again, carrying me bridal style. "And there's one more thing… When you're done, let's go back to as per normal." I said. He placed me on the steps to the gym, still not voicing any of his opinion. He sat beside me to finish his water. I blushed furiously, "Except this time, you won't be 'Edward Cullen'… You'll be 'Edward Cullen: Bella Swan's one and only official boyfriend'." I held my breath, waiting for the rejection that I was 50% sure would come. Except Edward choked slightly on his water and turned to face me with his surprised expression. I knew I had won the battle… I let out that huge gulp of air and looked at him innocently, batting my eyelashes, "You don't want to?" He recovered from his initial shock; his cheeks slightly tinted with pink. He gave me his crooked smile, "Are you serious? If it's you, I'll do anything." He smirked, the other Edward had surfaced , "But I was think that 'Edward Cullen: Bella Swan's one and only official boyfriend' was kind of a mouthful." He grinned playfully, "How about 'Edward Cullen: Bella Swan's lover'? Or I could simply start getting you accustomed to being called 'Bella Cullen'?" I smiled flirtatiously, "We haven't even gone on our first date and you're proposing? Slow down, Edward." "Is that a yes I hear, Bella Cullen? I'm not going to take no for an answer, love" I climbed onto his lap and laid my head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat thumping quickly yet with a gentleness that Edward always possessed. "Whatever. Because if it's you, I'm willing to do anything too." "I love you, Bella." "I love you more," I whispered as his lips met mine again. My heart pounded against my chest and it was like electricity was flowing to and fro our lips. But I didn't care. I decided that I liked it. I didn't like the fact that I kept keeping Edward apart like two people. Because I should know more than anyone else that Edward will be Edward. And seriously, if it was Edward, I was willing to do anything… A/N: If you want to read the manga version, tell me and I'll give you the name :) Review please. I re-wrote it about 3 times; this is the best effort I have ever made to a story. So review and don't make me feel that the hours have been wasted. Thanks :) If you're feeling lazy, simply copy this: :D P.S If the response is good; I might just do an epilogue, so you might want to put me on author/story alert.