lips stayed joined, his hand slowly wrapped around the back of her neck keeping her still as he deepened the kiss. Heat eveloped them both as the kiss became more desperate, all their pent up angst and anger was released into the kiss. After a few minutes Jasper pulled back, earning a small whimper from Georgia which made him smile. He kissed her nose and looked at her. "Georgia... My love. I have to go now.." He whispered causing her eyes to fill with tears again. "I vow to you, that I will be back for you. When I come back, I swear that you and I will be married, we'll find our own new farm elsewhere where we can raise the children that we will have. We will be together again. I promise you. You will be my wife, Mrs Whitlock." A small smile flashed onto her face and she nodded. "I love you, Mr Whitlock." "As I love you, Mrs Whitlock." With another fleeting kiss Jasper left her embrace to meet his father who would take him into town to the barracks. A few months later "I have a message for Mr Micheal Whitlock?" An older gentleman dressed in a cadets uniform stood at the door of the farm house and Georgia wiped her hands on her apron as she looked behind her. "Micheal, there's someone here for you." The older man walked out from his study and, as he spotted the uniformed soldier, frowned. "Georgia, could you wait upstairs please?" He asked quietly, confusing Georgia by the request but she complied silently. As she left he turned to the soldier and narrowed his eyes. "What is it?" He asked, but deep inside of him he already knew the answer. "I'm sorry to inform you that your son, Major Jasper Whitlock, is missing in action, presumed dead in the battle fields. I am very sorry." With that the soldier turned to leave, Micheal numbly closed the door and turned leaning back on it in a daze. After a few minutes of just standing there he looked up to see Georgia at the top of the stairs. "Micheal...? What's happened?" She asked, her voice uncertain as she slowly made her way down the steps. "He's... He's gone Georgia. He's gone.." He whispered in reply, averting his eyes from her face. The shallowing out of her breathing was the only indication that she had heard him. "No..." She only whispered and stepped back, her hand wrapping around the banister of the stairs. Shaking her head she just stared off at nothing in particular until the moment that Micheal reached out for her. With a cry of a wounded animal she ran out of the house, making her way to the barn that she and Jasper had spent so many warm days talking and laughing. She leant against the heavy wooden doors and dropped to her knees crying out wordlessly as she felt her heart, the last part of it that she had saved for Jasper, break into a million pieces. She had no one left. 2011, Forks CarlislePOV I was in my study, reading through a particularly interesting medical journal from the American Civil War when I heard the news. From downstairs I heard Alice squeal and clap her hands happily causing a murmer of annoyance to sound throughout the rest of my family. With a laugh I placed my journal down and stood up to see what was happening. I exited my study and walked downstairs to see Alice, standing in the middle of the living room and clapping. "What did you see, Alice?" I ask, knowing the only one that could actually see beside her was Edward and he didn't seem too happy to share as he was to busy trying to calm his mate down. From behind her I could see Emmett watching with wide eyes, awaiting the news from the vision, his wife Rosalie sat beside him filing her nails seemingly undisturbed by the noise. From the kitchen I could see Jasper looking up from his book, annoyed at the disruption. "They're coming! Finally, I mean they took their time over it." Alice gushed, her seemingly happy nature disturbed by the slightest annoyance of 'their' lateness. "Who are they?" I ask again, calm despite my anxiousness as to who was coming that could get Alice this excited. "Isabella and Georgia Swan of course! The chief's daughters are finally coming home." At the first name I stopped dead. Shock coursing through me as it did everytime I heard the name. From behind me I heard Jasper stand and move to stand beside me. "Alice... What do they look like?" He asked quietly, his voice clearly lined with caution. Jasper and I both had the same kind of past, or so he had told me. He had lost his love when he had been turned, the same as I. "Isabella is beautiful, slim with long brown hair, she has chocolate brown eyes, she and I are going to be best friends! Georgia is stunning, she's not slim but exceedingly curvy, long really curly brown hair, she has almost emerald eyes and she and Rosalie are going to be so close!" Alice described them and I could feel my breathing stop along with Jaspers. It was them... After so many years it was them. Rosalie lifted her golden eyes and shook her head, causing her blonde hair to fall into her face. "There is no way I'm going to be 'besties' with a human." She insisted haughtily, earning her a growl from Jasper. "She's not just some human, Rose. If it's who we think it is... It's my mate." Jasper whispered, loud enough for everyone in the house to hear. "And it would seem that Isabella is mine..." I say, running my hand anxiously through my hair. "Brilliant!" Alice clapped excitedly. "They come into town next week." She grins and nods happily. "Get ready for like to get interesting."