tag-along niece, but she can't bring herself to stay away. Not after hearing the Cullens speak about Volterra. She walks in through the gate on an overcast day at the beginning offspring. Seeing it again, the red stone, the steep cobblestoned streets after so long, she realizes that it has somehow become her home. */*/* Bella walls her heart off into a place where it can be safe. Maybe she'll take it out, from time to time, she thinks, alone on the rooftop. Bella takes a deep breath that she doesn't need before entering the throne room quietly by the side door. Aro is there, and how had she forgotten? How could she possibly have not remembered how riveting he is? */*/* And she shouldn't have come. Bella stares. There's a small beautiful blonde vampire behind Aro's throne, in just the place where Bella used to stand. For a brief, blinding moment, Bella wants to rip her head off and set it ablaze. Then she stops herself. Aro deserves happiness. Her own, she has come to understand, was doomed the first time she laid eyes on Edward Cullen. Oh, she is a fool to have returned, to have laid eyes on him again. Now she'll never be able to leave. Am I forcing you to talk to me now? He'd asked. But how could she have resisted? Marcus's head swivels slowly, his eyes following invisible lines only he can see. When his eyes meet hers, he stands. */*/* Caius stands, too, as she approaches. Both of them embrace her then, for the first time, ever, and Bella swallows down venom and the inexplicable urge to cry. "He's a very stupid vampire," Marcus whispers. "Be gentle." Bella nods at him, even though he doesn't make sense. And then they leave. She's left alone, standing there, staring at Aro. "Hello," Bella tries. "I'm back." She hasn't finished speaking when he's on her, slamming her back into the marble of the chamber's wall. And somehow … he's kissing her. */*/* Aro kisses like he does everything else, intensely. He stands with his legs planted, his hands pushed into her hair. It's somehow both deliberate and frenzied. Bella can't do anything but take it. His mouth is wet and dirty and she's grateful that everyone has left. Including the little blonde vampire. "You're real," Aro says, in a wondering voice. "I thought I would go mad." Bella runs her hand over him uncomprehendingly. Why is he doing this? His scent is making her dizzy, making her lose focus. "I don't understand. Isn't she …" "She?" Then, Aro realizes. And laughs disbelievingly. "You thought I was with her?" "I thought she was … your new .. companion." Bella looks away. Aro kisses her again, harder, almost brutally. "No," he says. "Isabella. She is not. Could never be. "Why not?" Aro laughs, a rueful sound. "Because my new wife, Bella, it's you." */*/* She nearly takes his head off, and he thinks it's funny . "How long have you known?" she asks, furious. Aro grimaces at her expression, but his twitching lips give him away. "You're upset." "How long ?" "Since you told me about the cats," he says. "And I had an unhealthy obsession with you while you were human." He stares, wide-eyed. But he's grinning . "Now you're definitely angry." "Angry? Why should I be upset with you?" Bella demands, hitting him. Hard. "I mean, it's not as if I loved you and forced myself to leave you ." "You told me your had your phone." He breathes in at the crook of her neck. "I wanted you to be certain, and you were still so new … I felt it was unfair to tie you down. Caius told me I was being an idiot." "He was right," Bella informs him. */*/* Aro is nude from the waist up, and she has on only underwear. They're in his bed. In his bedroom. "You never let me in here before," she says, feeling dizzy. The light from the window has faded. Sunset is over. "I didn't think I would let you out again," he says. Bella sighs. "I wanted to." "So innocent," Aro says sadly. "You could have had me any time." */*/* They're both nude now, and it's full dark. He's brought her to a sobbing orgasm for the second time before he stares into her eyes, "You know I'm a murderer, Isabella. Also, I am terribly manipulative." "I know you have terrible timing," she says. "This is your to run," he says seriously." Before I take it away." He runs a hand up her leg and bends her knee, staring down at her. "I'm too possessive to let you go again, Isabella. Please, understand that." Bella wonders if something is wrong with her, that she wants him even more now. "I think you're a form of mental illness," she says, honestly. "Good," he says, and kisses her. */*/* He's savage, and demanding, and Bella is certain, afterward, that the entire castle has heard her. She's also quite sure Aro intended it that way. Again, Bella finds she doesn't mind. "I have my flaws, too," she tells him, after they're done. Aro traces a hand over her side, circling a hipbone with his fingertips. "I know." Bella blinks at him. "That isn't what you're supposed to say." He rasises an eyebrow, looking amused. "Isn't it, cara ? Then you are without flaw." She huffs. "Fine. What?" Aro smiles, captures her lips again and makes her wait for her answer. Finally, he leans back and replies. "You're terribly cruel," he says. "To cats." END */*/* A/N: I've had this idea in my head for a while. I've seen the scar being used other places, but I wanted to combine it with the Volturi somehow, and there is my whole obsession with Aro … anyway. It finally came out in one day at the computer and here we are. Thank you for reading and please review!