"Yep," answered Bella, "What did you think of her?" "She seems really nice." "That's all?" Edward just nodded with an amused smile. "You know, boys love her." "I can see why, she's very straightforward." Bella just stared at her hands. "Bella… You know I only have eyes for you, it's you who I want, no one else." Bella looked up at Edward with apprehensive eyes. Edward looked back at her and cupped her face in one of he's hands. "She's not you." Edward comforted her. Bella nodded, feeling less troubled about the whole thing. "Did Alice see her coming?" "No, she hadn't, but as soon as she saw her, she could see the whole summer going by without a hitch." "That's comforting. You know, now that I see her I think I missed her more than I thought." "Maybe we can invite her to dinner one of these days." "Really? You sure?" Bella got uncomfortable. "Why not? If she's important to you, she's important to me and my family." "You think your family would be ok with that?" "Bella, of course." Bella smiled, "Thanks." Edward looked at her gave her a soft and quick kiss. After a while, Ari got up and decided to take a long hot shower. She took her time and washed her hair. After that, she dried herself off and went to her room to get dressed. All of her stuff was still in her suit case, she wasn't going to unpack just to pack again a week later. She put on some jeans and a white tank top with a black sheer lace long sleeve blouse over it. Once she was ready, she went downstairs again, and got her laptop again. She had forgotten to look up the place of the concert. She definitely need to stop by there and check that the gig was still going down. She was checking her email when there was a knock on the door. "Hmm," she exhaled as she placed the laptop on the coffee table and got up to answer the door. She opened the door to find a tanned teenager with long black hair wearing some baggy jeans and a black sweatshirt. As she opened the door, she could see that the boy had a goofy smile just before it phased into a confused face. "May I help you?" Ari said after a few moments of silence. She looked straight into his eyes with a slightly less confused look but with a lot more intimidation. The guy tried to recollect himself, "Uh… Is… Bella here?" "No, she's out, would you like me tell her you stopped by?" Her eyes had less tension than before but her voice was still as demanding. "Uh… I'm sorry, who are you?" The boy asked, with the same level of confusion but with a little more curiosity and cheerfulness. "I'm Ari, and you are?" "Jacob," he smiled at her and held his hand out to her. "Nice to meet you." She reached out to shake his hand, playfully bemused. "You too, Bella may have told me a little about you. It's nice to put a face to the name." "Oh," Jacob raised an eyebrow, "I hope it was good things," and let out an embarrassed chuckle. "Just… things," She shook her head slowly, "childhood friend, lives in the Reservation… Not much else." She shrugged, her eyes at ease still looking directly at him. "I see, so how do you know Bella? She didn't really mentioned you." You could sense the curiosity in his tone. "Figures…" she rolled her eyes, "We're best friends, back in Arizona, anyway. I hadn't seen her since she left, so I came to visit her for the summer." "Nice," Jacob answered with the same goofy smile that he had just before she opened the door. "I'm sorry, did you want to come in or something?" She realized they had just been standing in the doorway. "Oh, no, it's fine, I should get going." He took a few step back, "So, I'll see you around?" "Yeah, sure," she said unconcerned. "Could you tell Bella I stopped by?" he said just as he reached the street. "You bet," Ari replied, loud enough so he could hear. She closed the door and smiled at herself. Cute , she thought to herself. She returned to what she was doing, A few hours later, Charlie arrived at the house and they exchanged a few words between them. It wasn't long before Bella showed up. After they ate, the girls went upstairs to get ready for bed. "Oh, Bella, I forgot to tell you," Ari started while Bella looked up at her, "Jacob stopped by." Bella directed her gaze back to her pajamas she was unfolding. "Oh, yeah?" "Yeah, you didn't tell me he was such an eye candy," laughed Ari and continued, "a little awkward, but really what fifteen year old isn't?" Bella half smiled, "He's 16, actually, and I guess I just didn't notice it." "Of course not, you have a model around your arm," she boasted. "So, what? You like him?" Bella asked with a slight edge in her voice. Ari scoffed, "Eh, nah, you know I like my boys a little older. I was just saying." Bella looked back at her and raised an eyebrow. "I'm sure there's plenty more eye candy around here," Ari joked, "But what, do you like him?" It was Bella's turn to scoff, "I have Edward, remember? I just think he's a nice guy, very sweet, in a little brother kind of way." "Right…" Ari rolled her eyes, "So you wouldn't mind if I call him one of these days?" "What? You got his number?" Bella's eyes were surprised with the same slight edge. Ari laughed, "No, I just wanted to see your reaction." Bella softened, "I mean, if you wanted I guess you could." "Nah, it's fine, as long as you don't ditch me too much, otherwise I might have to consider it."