put her in bed. In the elevator Rose and Emmett went down a few floors in silence. "Thanks for the help Emmett I know you usually would have been smashed right now and in bed by now." Emmett smiled "Not a problem Rosie, I think Bella was more entertaining than any other possible way my evening could have went anyway." They both laughed as Emmett starred at the numbers of the floors going down. "Hey, Emmett." Emmett turned to Rose and was caught completely off guard by her lips on his. 'I can't believe that guy punched me.' Edward was leaning over the bar at the club, rubbing his hand across his jaw. "You want anything?" The bartender asked. "Rum and coke, heavy on the rum please." Edward sighed. Getting drunk should make this night better. Edward thought putting his back to the bar. Bella grunted in her bed. Drunk, still in full hair and makeup. "Bras are the worst" she mumbled. Sitting up, Bella reached for her phone on her nightstand. A voicemail notification was lit up on her screen. "Bells, it's Jake sorry about leaving so fast tonight I was just...angry. Could you give me a call when you get the chance? Bye." Bella starred at her screen. She hit the call back button. "Hello?" Jakes voice wasn't much louder than a whisper. Probably because it's 3am "Hii!" Bella said quite loudly. "Bells, are you okay?" "I can't get this damn thing off." Bella said while tugging at her bra. "Get off!" She yelled. "Help." She mumbled into the phone. "Bells? Bells where are you?" Jake said with a little panic. "Beaumont apartments" Bella dropped the phone on the bed and started wiggle and grunt trying to get her bra off. It was taking so long that she even forgot she was on the phone with Jake. "Get off" "Help." Jakes eyes narrowed. "Bells? Bells where are you?" Jake said with a little panic. "Beaumont apartments" All he heard after that was some grunting and a loud bang. Panic swept across his face. He hung up the phone immediately hopping up and out of bed. Throwing on some clothes he grabbed his keys and was headed to Beaumont apartments. He typed it into his phone and was on his way. Jake got to the door and called Bella. "HI JAKE!" he had to pull the phone away. "Bells, I'm downstairs ring me up." He heard some fumbling, a couple cuss words and then a loud buzz signalling the doors open. " what's your apartment number?" "403" There was a knock at the door. A very drunk Bella stumbled over to the door. She swung it open to see Jake there. "JAKEY" she screeched jumping into his arms. What Bella didn't realize was that she was standing there in a black bra and a matching thong. Jake quickly shuffled in with Bella hanging off him like a koala and closed the door behind him. "Okay drunky where's the bedroom?" Bella pointed to a door down the hallway. Jake walked them both there and laid Bella down on the bed. "Why were you asking for help?" Jake furrowed his eyebrows until he looked at Bella. She squirming across her bed. " I can't get my bra off." Bella stuck her lip out. Jake let out a chuckle. "Where are your pajamas?" Bella just sat there pouting not saying a word. Jake sighed. "Fine turn around." Bella stood and turned away from Jake so he could take the bra off. Once it was off Bella jumped into bed all giggly and lifted up the blankets crawling in. She looked up at Jake with her big brown eyes and said "Aren't you going to come into bed?" Jake rubbed his face. "Actually Bells I'm going to go lay on the couch. You're pretty drunk and I'm not comfortable with.." he waved his hand gesturing at Bella and himself. "This." Bella stuck her lip out again trying to bend the will of Jake. Hoping he will just hop on in with a good puppy dog eye stare. But Jake was having none of it. "Goodnight bells." He leaned down and kissed her forehead. Bella woke up to the smell of toast and eggs. She could hear someone thumping around in the kitchen. She got up quick and grabbed her favourite pair of yoga pants and threw on a shirt. She quickly ran to the bathroom to put her long brown hair up and brush her teeth. She peaked out the door before walking to the kitchen and plopping down on the stool. "Morning drunky." Jake said smiling while loading a plate and put it down in front of her. "Morning" Bella said sheepishly. Jake filled a plate for himself and took a seat at the breakfast bar. Either Bella or Jake knew what to say. The past night was a little crazy and fresh in their minds. Jake turned to Bella. "I don't think we should go any further Bella..." Bella's eyes met Jakes. His warm eyes were filled with sadness. "It's just we work together and you and Edward have some kind of history... It just is too much for me. I just started this job and I should probably just focus on that." Bella sighed. " I understand. I really don't have a history with Edward, but I get it. "Jake grabbed her hand. "I just really don't want to be having problems at work. This job is important to me." Jake grabbed a couple more bites before standing. "I'm sorry to kind of leave you with a mess. I just thought you would need some breakfast. You were pretty out of it last night." Bella nodded looking down. "Bye Bells." Bella was embarrassed. Something that doesn't happen often. She scared Jake away. Actually Edward scared him away. Bella's hands turned into fists. Her sadness and embarrassment turned to anger. I'm going to fucking kill Edward Cullen. END OF CHAPTER 1