his green eyes look like he is afraid to say something too. He tenses, his shoulders are in a tense position. He doesn't move, and he tries to avoid my eyes. -"Um..Okay. Bella, I..I firmed a contract two weeks ago. I..I'm playing for Calcio Catania now. I'm leaving to Italy Bella" And that was the moment everything that was happening around me stopped. The children laughs, the noise coming from the telephone ringing, the voices of the mans outside working in the slide. I could feel his eyes on me, but I couldn't move. My hand starts to sweat, my eyes looking at the microwave in front of me. All the memories of me and Emmett on high school, the first moment we met, the first kiss, prom night, going to college, the time I was told I was pregnant with Constantino and his huge grin, his eyes glistering with tears, emotion written all over his face, even if it wasn't our plan, even if we were that young. I remember his words: "No matter how difficult this will be, and if you ever feel like everything is wrong, I'll be there". -"How..What?"-My voice sharp, plain, angry –"Are you telling me you are going to move to Italy?" -"Yes Bella, my agent has already bought me the ticket plane. The flight leaves Monday 2pm" –He answers, his voice so low I can barely understand what he is saying. I hear my own heartbeat, going faster and faster every second. -"You do realize I'm not going right? I can't Emmett, I have a life here, my sons…your sons have all their memories, all the thing they know.. here" –I say dropping my face to my hands, feeling the wetness on my hands, the evidence I have started crying. -"Bella, shit, I need them in my life. I need you." –He cries. "I'm so sorry, so sorry. Please forgive me Bells" -"Why the fuck do I need to forgive you Emmett? I'm not the one who is losing the most important thing in his life. His own sons".- I open the refrigerator door, and pull out a bottle of water. I look at the white door, a draw Coty made on Monday, it's me, Landon, our dog, and Charlie. "Guess the big picture is not going to change so much"-I though. -"I..I'm moving w..with someone Bella."-he stutters "And.. I think I love her". The bottle on my hand falls to the floor. I don't make a movement to pick it up. I watch the water sparse around the chairs, reaching to my feet. -"So, you love someone more than your own children"- I say as a fact. -"No, I never said that."-His voice angry, his right hand form into a feast and he hits the table. I look at him –"I never said that"-he repeats. -"Its sounds like it" –I tell him –"You are going away, and you won't be able to see your own sons at least once a month". -"I didn't knew I couldn't come here every month when I firmed" –he says. What a poor excuse. -"Of course you didn't" –I say "You firmed your future for the next two years only knowing how much money you will make and that, that beloved love of you would be there with you". -"She is from London and she doesn't give a fuck about moving to Italy" –He says. His eyes on me. -"I'm sure that hoe doesn't have two houses, a job and two beautiful little sons behind her to think about" –I yell at him, my nerves winning the battle, and I can't concentrate or try to let my voice at a peaceful level. -"So why instead of making such a fuss about me going, why don't you come with me? I will buy you a house there, and I will look for a job for you. The kids are little, they will eventually accommodate"-he tells me. -"Do you honestly think is easy to move on to another country, another continent, with a 1 year old baby? And with Coty, already knowing this language, you want him to learn another? To lose everything they are use to it now? –I yell starting to move closer to him –"What about the dog? They love Simon, and my dad, who is always there for them? My life, my friends, my house. I can't erase that from there and start from fresh in Italy". -"They can come to Italy and live with me from time to time" –I look at him incredulously. Arching my brown, expecting him to tell me it was a joke, a really bad one. -"Are you fucking stupid? What about their routine? Landon is just a baby, he needs me, he will sure miss me, same with Constantino. I'm theirs mother, they are the light of my life. I'm not letting them go to Europe. They stay here. With me." -"So that is what you are deciding right now? To stay here? So I can see my sons once, maybe twice a year?" –He yells. -"You made the decision without talking with me. The kids stay here. Take me to court, but they will not leave the country to leave with some woman I don't know"-I answer. -"Alright, we are going to court, you wanted it like this"-He says, turning on his cell phone and starting texting. -"No, you wanted this. And I doubt the court will go in favor of a man who is going to live to another country with his un-know girlfriend, knowing that in the last two years he has seen his children once per month" –I say walking to the door, only to turn in my back to look at him while he does the same with mines. -"You are leaving behind the best things in your life without thinking it twice, don't ever forget to remember that". Sooo...what do you say? And I'm sorry for my english, it isn't my first language!