processing whilst Deputy Steve talked to Charlie. The bed wasn't comfortable but I sat on it anyway, not wanting to know what had been on the floor. It wasn't long until I heard Charlie's voice raising and echoing down the hall. Drawing my knees to my chest, I covered my ears, unable to stand the sound anymore. Charlie had done nothing but try to help me, and I hated myself for making his job harder. Now I was just itching for a cigarette and it was making me antsy. When the voices at the end of the hall disappeared I laid down on the bed, resigned. If I didn't find something to do soon I was going to go stir-crazy with nicotine lust. Carefully, I studied the plain white room. There was absolutely no personality, nothing to stimulate the mind whatsoever. So I resorted to counting the ceiling tiles, then the cinder blocks that made up the walls. I'd gotten through the 27-and-a-half ceiling tiles and was onto the 43rd cinder block when Charlie appeared at the door. "Come on. I'm taking you home," He told me, his face unreadable. I followed Charlie out of the station keeping my head down to avoid meeting anyone's eyes. The short drive home was tersely silent. Glancing at Charlie, I was unable to glean anything from his expression. He pulled the car into the drive and we both sat there, neither of us attempting to leave the vehicle. "I spoke to Principal Greene," he told me, "I understand what happened and why." I nodded, unsure of where this was going. "I know why you hit this Lauren girl. That doesn't make what you did right though. I will not be punishing you for this; however I'm not going to make the consequences of your actions go away. I know you've been going through a hard time recently but you need to start living more in reality and in reality Bella, you can't just assault anyone who says something to upset you. I've tried really hard to give you some space to get over...him, I've overlooked your new look and attitude, and even the smoking, but this has just gone too far. This is your last chance. If anything like this happens again I'm getting you help, or sending you back to Renee," "I'm sorry Dad, I'll try harder, I promise," I told him, horrified that he would even talk about sending me away. He nodded stoically. "Bella?" he called as I climbed out of the cruiser. "Yes Dad?" "Clear up the cigarette butts from the garden. It's respectful of you not to smoke in the house, but don't litter in the garden," he told me, slightly amused. I blushed tomato red and ran into the house. As soon as Charlie was gone, I left for the bank to empty my account. All afternoon I couldn't sit still. Charlie must have noticed my shiftiness at dinner but he didn't mention it. After dinner I washed up, then did some laundry so Charlie would have something to wear for a few days after I was gone. I'd also put leftovers in the fridge and freezer so he'd have food to eat. With little else left to do, I sat with Charlie watching him watch the game, ever aware that this could be the last time I ever spent with my father. Each contour, frown line, and freckle of his face was committed to my memory by the end of the game. He even tried to explain the rules of baseball to me, knowing that if I was ever going to understand it I would by now. "I'm going to head off to bed," Charlie told me, jumping out of his favourite chair and stretching out, "Night Bella." "Love you Dad. You know that right?" I asked him sincerely. "I know. I love you too Bells," he choked out, and then ran up the stairs. Turning the TV off, I made my way up to my room to wait. When I could hear Charlie's snoring I grabbed my bag and emptied my drawers into it carelessly then threw my toothbrush in and was finished packing. Quickly, I scribbled out a note, apologising to Charlie, telling him I loved him, but not giving any definitive reason I had left. He could assume whatever he wanted to. People would wonder if I was running away from the law after today, or that I was going to find the Cullens, but I didn't care. I'd be dead soon, and then it wouldn't matter. Then the only thing that would matter was the fact that Charlie was safe and alive. It was a miracle I managed to stay on my feet as I soundlessly dragged my suitcase down the stairs and out to the truck. After dumping it in the cab, I ran back inside to the coat closet to grab my raincoat and purse. Carelessly I dropped my purse, and knelt down to pick it up. At the back of the closet on the floor was an old, thumbed shoebox. Momentarily, my curiosity led me to open it. Inside the box, amongst old photos and letters I discovered a gun I had never seen before. Without thinking, I took it into my hand, weighing it up. At a guess, I would say it was Charlie's old service gun. Suddenly, I irrationally wanted nothing more but to take it with me for protection. Although I knew it could not protect me from the threat I was running from, the idea of having a weapon made me feel safer. So I checked the safety was on before tucking it into the back of my jeans. Then I shoved the shoebox back to the corner and closed the closet. With one last look around the place I had come to call home I left, locking the door behind me. Reviews would make my day, so let me know what you think :D