and then to everyone around the table. "Approximately four hours" He looks behind me. "Edward, would you contact the hospital and let them know I'll be out for the rest of the day" Fingers slide across a phone behind me and Edward steps out the house. "Also, to fully understand his condition, I'll need the room" He shrugs out of his coat. "What the fuck? No! Hell no!" Embry starts. Everyone who followed us in stirs in controversy. "Guys, listen-" Seth tries to say, but nobody listens. "The fuck we look like leaving him alone with you!?" Jared barks from across the room. "We don't even know if you're a-" Leah begins. "It is NOT up for discussion!" Sam says over everybody and the room falls silent once again. Jared and Embry roll their eyes while Quill shifts in his stance. "Everyone out, now!" They mumble and grumble, but file out the house. Sam watches them go and then with a heavy exhale, looks to me. I shake my head. "No. No. I am not leaving his side again" I can feel the tears welling up. Sam steps over and wraps his arms around me. He holds me tight for a few moments. "Let him do his job, okay? He knows what he's doing" He says in my ear. It doesn't sit well with me, but I don't argue any more than anyone else does. I take Jake's hand in my own and squeeze gently before I go out and sit on the porch. Billy is the only one who doesn't leave. The door shuts behind us and echoes in the silence of the yard. Now we wait. I sit down on the steps. What happened to you, Jake? Why did you do this? The step beside me creaks and Becca sits and wraps her arms around me. We sit like that for a long while. "He'll be okay…" Sam mutters from the other side of the porch. "He's strong. He'll be okay" "Please…" The leach murmurs from behind me. Part of me wants to believe that so bad, even though he's awake and breathing, that he'll be okay. I want to, but…Jesus, Jake… The seconds turn into hours and then pretty soon, the door opens and Carlisle steps out. Sam rises from his spot between Emily's knees. I bolt from my space and so does the leach and Bella. "Well?" The leach blurts out. "How is he?" Carlisle sighs. "He's in critical condition, but he's stable. I stitched up his wounds and reset his broken bones in order to give his healing factor an advantage whenever it kicks in" A collective sigh goes around. "He'll be bed ridden for a few weeks, so he'll get a lot of rest" He meets Sam's eyes. Somebody breathes behind me. "Thank God…" "Thank you" Sam says graciously. He reaches out his hand and Carlisle takes it without any hesitation. "Your welcome" He flashes a supporting smile. "I also gave him another dose of the sedative to help him sleep. Don't panic if he sleeps off the next few days. It's normal for this type of trauma" He glances back into the house. "His bandages do have to be replaced every three hours, though. Perhaps-" "I'll do it" I say automatically. Sam looks at me. "We'll take turns" His eyes flicker beside me. "You, Bella, and I" I barely look at her out of the corner of my eye. "Good. When he does wake, give me a call. I'll come out and check on him myself. I also moved him from the table to his bedroom for a more comfortable arrangement, if you don't mind" Sam and I nod. I swallow thickly. "Can…I see him?" I almost expect someone to protest. I glance around behind me to see everyone attentive and listening. Becca and Rachel nod me on. I pass them a small nod. They understand. Carlisle nods and steps aside. "Sure" I step inside, Sam right behind me. "Emmett, may I have a word with you?" Carlisle says as we pass. "Not now" He says and then he's walking in behind Sam. I almost turn on him, but Sam places his hands firmly on my shoulders and steers me to the bedroom. The door is open. Billy is sitting in his chair in front of his bed. My eyes trail over to where he lies and my hand finds Billy's shoulder. He's asleep, but there's bandages covering most of his lower body and chest. There's five over his ribcage and one over his collarbone and more on his hips and thighs and down his legs. There's a wrap around his head, too, right over his eyebrows and a gauze strip across his nose and cheek. There's already red splotches piercing through the bandages. His face is resting at ease, his chest moving in even rises and falls, but his body… I breathe and squeeze Billy's shoulder. After a moment, his hand finds mine and holds on tight. Tears prick my eyes. "Fuck, Jake…" The leach sighs. What the fuck did he do to you? Welcome back! I know I initially planned to drop this a last month, but I have had a time working on this. Finding the right emotions and details and reactions, etc. It's been crazy, but fun to finally get back into writing about this story and the characters. I'm super excited to finally drop this. Now, many of you have made it through Jacob's Imprint unscathed and many of you have died in your hearts and imagination from the events that transpired. In my defense, I can only warn you that Crossroads will definitely be a wilder ride than the last. I refuse to say more besides these two words: Prepare yourself. Give it some to process this chapter and then come at me with everything you got in a review or comment! Can't wait to hear what you got to say! Catch you on the flip side!