the afternoon and evening with Aro and his new wife Jane. It is quite late when I head home. I am just over halfway when my car sputters and comes to a complete stop. I go through my pockets, and pull out my cell seeing it's dead. "Fucking hell!" I scream in my car. I get out slamming the door and start walking the twenty or so minutes to the gas station. I feel someone coming up behind me and I turn quickly. "Give me your wallet," the man says pointing a knife at me. I take a few seconds to look him over. He's dirty, and I can smell him from where he stands. His hand has a slight shake and he seems on edge. No doubt this is a street bum looking for cash for his next fix. "Wrong guy, asshole," I say as I pull out my gun. He pales a little. I watch a grin come over his face when I feel a knife poking into my back. I put my hands up like I am going to surrender, but turn hitting the person that's behind me. As I go to hit them a second time, I am stunned to see it's a woman. I gasp and she stands up picking up her knife as her partner, who's thankfully a male, hits my side. I quickly turn on him and after a few good jabs, he and the woman run away. I pick up my gun and I'm aware the fucker must have picked my pocket at some point, taking my wallet. "Son of a bitch, you just signed your death warrant!" I yell. I let out a huff before I start walking to the gas station again. Knowing the sooner I can get Jasper and Emmett out here, the quicker I can get those fuckers picked up. I am walking along the road and I start to feel a little tired. I slap my face and widen my eyes trying to wake myself up a little. As my eyes start to feel heavy again, I see the light of a car coming toward me, making me realize I am walking into oncoming traffic. I move on to the side, but the light seems to come more fully on me and I swallow seeing it's not a car, but a ghastly looking truck. At the last possible second, the truck swerves and goes down the small dirty road and comes to a complete stop as it almost hits a tree. I bend over feeling a pain in my side as my breathing comes out shallower. "Are you out of you fucking mind?!" A voice yells. I stand up slowly taking my hand away from my side, as the figure comes close. My eyes look to my hand which is covered in blood. "Why the hell were you walking in the middle of the road? Do you have a death wish or something?" My eyes go to the person, seeing it's a young woman. "No hospitals," I say as everything spins and then goes dark. I wake and I look around the unfamiliar room. "Yes, Cullen is at the center…." A young female voice says. "It's just my luck that I would almost run the asshole down." I sit up, but the pain rips through my side. "Yes, YES, Jesus I just said yes, okay yes!" I hear her sigh and I fall off the side of the sofa that I have been left on and everything goes foggy. I feel someone wrap their arms around me and they try to pick me up. Soon as I have regained some of my strength, I push them against the wall holding them by their throat. I glare down at the young woman. Her hands comes up to mine and she tries to pull my hand way. "Who did you just call?" I frown a little knowing I have seen this woman. "I know you," I say losing my grip a bit, and she shakes her head. "You don't know me." Again she shakes her head. "Liar, I heard you say my name, and I don't have my wallet." "I know your name, yes, I've never spoken to you and you have never spoken to me, therefore, I don't know you." I raise my eyebrow at her. "What's your name?" "Isabella," she says and I keep looking at her to carry on, but she doesn't. "Last name?" "Swan," she spits out and I rack my brain for an Isabella Swan. "I don't know that name." "I never said you did." I chuckle a little, if this girl really knows who I am, she's clearly very brave or very stupid. I'm banking on the latter one. "Who did you call?" All this anger seems to have wiped me out as I again begin to feel tired. "Mr. Cullen and Mr. Whitlock. I thought if you didn't want to go to a hospital, you would want them here. I have already stitched up your side, but you lost some blood and you should lie down." I look down at my side seeing a fresh cut that's been stitched. The work looks better than what Emmett would have done anyway. I look back at her as her face looks young and more likely late teens, early twenties. I feel a little guilty that I have been holding her against the wall by the throat for the past ten minutes. "I am sorry," I say letting her go. I put my hand to my head feeling overly sleepy again. "Boss!" I hear Emmett yell. I turn facing the door seeing Emmett and Jasper come through looking worried. "I'm okay," I tell them just as the floor comes hurdling toward me. There you have it! We hope you all stick around for the next few weeks as we post. As of now it will be every Thursday until we have everything written and corrected!