Seth, he had to come to school." "Yeah, Seth seems to love it here. I don't know why. So you have seen Jake's penis?" I say not really asking "No, I was kidding. Why do you think he never showers here after practice and games?" she replies, raising one of her eyebrows. "So, do you want to date him?" I have to ask this, as everyone in the school knows that Jake has a thing for Bella. "What? NO. GOD, NO! There are many reasons why I don't want to date him, but here and now is not the time to get into that. I better get to class. Thank you, Edward. It's nice that you're always helping Seth out. You said you're giving him a lift home?" "Yeah, that's right. I like Seth. He's a good kid." "Edward, if you have time, can you take him to the hospital instead? His mom got taken in on Friday night. It's not looking good. Seth had an asthma attack and got admitted himself. I mean, Grandpa and I picked him up on Sunday and he stayed with us. Now Leah is on her way back, and she should get here tonight." "Poor kid, and that asshole knows this?" She nods her head. "Fucker! Yeah, no problem. I'll see you later, Bella." "Yeah, bye." I talk to Jasper and Ben about Jake and Seth. They're going to keep an eye on him. I tell Seth to call me if he needs me, or if he just wants to talk. I let him know that I'm going away for the next ten weeks, and that Ben, Jasper and Emmett will watch out for him. Seth is only fifteen, and his mom has breast cancer. She's going through chemo. It's hard going, just her and Seth. Leah is at college. Sue, Seth's mom, told her that she needs to stay and get her education and that if she came home, she'd find herself homeless, Sue's a strong woman. She'll fight tooth and nail to win this fight. I hope she makes it for Seth and Leah's sake, as much as her own. She stuck up for Seth when he came out and said he was gay. A lot of La Push was very unhappy with him. She told them to go fuck themselves. When I get home, we have dinner. I'm still worrying about Seth. I know that Jasper, Ben, Emmett, Alice, Angela, and Bella are looking out for him. I go to bed. Esme has packed my bag, and I am ready to go. After a long flight, I am in Chicago. My dorm room is more like an apartment. It has a living space with a kitchen attached, a bathroom, and two bedrooms, so I know that I am sharing—probably with some douche. I hope he's a tidy douche. I'm here for Music Appreciation. There are a hundred of us, ages from sixteen to nineteen. Out of the hundred, only seven are girls. Thank God for that. I'm not gay, even if most of the school thinks I am but I don't want any bullshit girls hanging on me. I just date older girls; college girls. I do not do one night stands. I like to know a bit about the girl before I stick my cock in her. My first was when I was fifteen, she was twenty-one. We dated for six months. I've slept with seven other girls, and dated them for three to six months. The youngest was twenty-one the oldest was twenty-six, and none have been girlfriends. I stopped seeing them when I got bored with them and don't feel anything other than friendship. Since I get bored easily, nothing has lasted for more than six months. I'm thankful that I've only had seven girls to fight off. I'm not being cocky, but girls seem to love me without knowing me. I'm looking around my new home. Well, home for the next ten weeks, when I hear a familiar voice say, "Edward, what –" I turn around. "Bella?" Someone interrupts her - "Good! You're both here! I'm Mr. Turner. There are an uneven number of girls here this year, and since you and Bella know each other and go to the same school, we thought you could share. We have spoken to your parents, Edward, and your Grandpa, Bella. They said they are happy if you share, but there are rules. Bella, you're only sixteen, but, we gave you a pass to come here because we heard great things about you. Make sure you stick by the rules. Let one of the teachers or staff members know if you are going anywhere. You each need to stay in your own bedroom. No hanky-panky, or we will have to contact your parents to come get you. While we wait, we will go over the 'birds and the bees' talk. Understood?" Both Bella and I turn around and say yes at the same time. Mr. Turner leaves. Bella is standing there, bright red, looking down. This is going to be an interesting ten weeks. Sharing with Bella is going to be fun. I'll get to know her as we share the apartment. I should get to know her pretty well. Unlike that dipshit Jake, I just find her interesting. Yeah, she's pretty, but I just turned nineteen. She's not seventeen yet. Well, not until September thirteenth. Okay, okay, so I know her height, weight, and birthday. I saw her driver's license. I am not a stalker. A/N: Well since this is a repost, it should post fairly fast. We did not change the storyline, but we did work on fixing the tense, spelling, sentence structure and overall quality of the story. We hope that you enjoy this story, it was the first we wrote together. Thanks to all of our valued readers and reviewers, it is because of you that we continue to post and write stories for you all.