"Split up!" Jasper yelled. Each of them went off in a direction shooting anyone that wasn't friend to their family. ~KSB~ Bee stood on wobbly legs behind the door as gunshots rang out. Desperate yells and running let her know one thing: Killa was there for her. She felt weak, but knew she had to gather her strength in case they tried to use her against Edward. She was standing behind the door when she heard the doorknob wiggle as the key slowly turned. The door opened and in walked Mike Newton, holding his gun. Before he could notice that she was no longer in the bed, she attacked, knocking the gun out of his hand. Her movements were sure and fast as she kneed him in the balls and then connected his face hard with her knee. She picked up his gun and fired. Before she could turn around, a cool piece of medal pressed against her back. "Drop it, Bumblebee." Her heart stopped. She knew that voice. ~KSB~ "We got the feed from Bee's office." Seth paused through the earpiece. "It's Quill and Embry," "Motherfucker!" Edward shouted, as rage filled him. He took a deep breath trying to calm his rage but all he could think about was how could Quill and Embry do this to her, to them. He walked up the stairs, gun pointed in front of him and suddenly he was tackled down the stairs. The guns in his hand went flying as Quill Swanatori attacked him punching him. Edward blocked the last series of punches before he grabbed the man by the head and head-butted him hard causing blood to splatter. Killa was quick as he jumped to his feet. Quill picked up a pole that was on the ground swinging it wildly. Killa dodged each swing managing to take the knife from his pants. He held his knife and left hand up in a defensive pose, swiping the air and making contact with different parts of Quills body. "You fucked up. You'll never get the family." Edward says coldly. "You're going to die tonight, Killa." Quill swung. Edward dodged the hit and rushed in closed lining Quill. He fell to the ground and Killa plunged the knife deep in his throat. The man struggled for air as blood poured from his body. "Not tonight." "Warehouse is clear." Emmett's voice rang through Edward's ears. "Quill's dead." His voice was cold as he looked at the man he'd called cousin and friend for over six years-dead, lying in a pool of his own blood Embry Swanatori pulled his guns and fired wildly as he saw his twin's lifeless body. "You motherfucker!" Edward pulled his gun, shooting at the same time Jacob and Jasper came into view. They all hit Embry multiple times until the man fell. He took off at a run, trying to go and find his wife, but he stopped cold at the sight coming down the stairs. His cold, green eyes found the matching eyes of the man holding his wife. Emmett Masen. "Emmett! What the fuck are you doing?" "I'm done being your fucking shadow! The Hub should be mine. I made a deal with Quill and Embry. We take you out, and they can have the Swanatori family." His hands shook as he looked into the cold eyes of his brother. "You have any fucking idea how loyal I was to you? And then you marry into that fucking family and take that mutt as a brother like I never existed!" "Drop the fucking gun, Emmett." Edward's voice was deadly. "I'm getting out of here, and I'm taking her with me. You killed Vanessa. She was the only one to understand me." Emmett's voice was whiny as he stared at Edward. "What about Rose?" Bee asked, not believing the betrayal of her brother-in-law. From the moment she met him, he was always the most friendly, loveable person in the family business she'd ever met. She trusted Emmett Masen with her life; her husband trusted him with his life. "Rose? She means nothing to me. She was just a way to keep me close to you. I knew the only way to Killa is through you." Emmett's voice was cold in her ears. Calming herself, she no longer cared about why her brother-in-law betrayed her family. Bee's eyes sought her husband's, straying a little to the left. His eyes were red-rimmed with tears, and she could see that he was not taking the betrayal of his brother well. He gave her a slight nod, one that only she would notice. Bee's head flung back connecting with Emmett's nose; he let out a loud groan of pain as she elbowed him in the ribs, freeing herself from his grip. She leapt out of the way as shots were fired. The assault caused him to release her, and she dived left just as Edward let out a shot. Time stood still for Edward as he pulled the trigger. Apart of him died as he watched the bullet connect with his brother's skin. He watched mesmerized as the life left his body. The family stood around in shock as Carlisle walked up to his son's body and knelt down beside him. He mourned the lost of his son, but he knew the cost of betrayal. If Edward had not ended it, he would have. Bee rushed over to her husband, wrapping her arms around him. He shook in her arms as she held him close. Edward clung to Bee, the grief and betrayal he felt so raw in his chest. She wrapped her arms around him. "You're late," Bee whispered as she pressed her forehead to his. "I know." His body relaxed as he held her close grateful to have her in his arms again. He would do anything to keep her safe. Always. A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.