far as she was concerned we were a couple and she was leaving for college. I'm sorry; I saw my chance to remove the hurt I caused her, to have a do over—so I took it. Mom and Dad were so mad when I told them I was giving you up. They told me I wasn't getting things that easily and that they would raise you. "They were right. As the years passed the guilt of keeping you from Esme and not telling her what I had done was eating me up. Seeing you, hearing you call me by my name and not dad, it was all forms of the punishment I deserved. When Mom and Dad died, it all came tumbling down and I started taking it out on you. I am so sorry. But don't blame Esme, she never knew. I told her when Charlie told us what happened, I couldn't keep it inside anymore," Carlisle sobs at the end and hides his face in his hands. I jump a little when Edward gets up and walks outside. I quickly get up and follow him. "Edward," I call but he doesn't turn around. I run fast and I pull his hand making him look at me. "Just fucking stop, Bella, I don't want to hear it." He goes to move again, but I grab his arm. "No, you don't get to run every time something is hard, or hurts, you have to face this. I'll be with you." Edward rolls his eyes at me. "Why?" "Because you saved me, but more because I am in love with you." Edward's mouth opens and closes, but he says nothing. "It may not be the reason you want to hear, but there it is. I love you. I am in love with you. I don't care if you have a job or not, all I want is for you to be mine and to love me back. Let me help you," I say weakening as I start to feel pain because I am using my voice. I do my best to hold back my tears, knowing he needs me to be strong for him right now. Edward looks in my eyes and before I can say anything else he's kissing me with all his pent up passion. "Fuck, I love you, too, baby. Now that I know you love me, no more talking for you, for the rest of the day, anyway." I nod at him and pull him back for another kiss. One year later. The last three hundred and sixty-five days have been long and hard. Both Edward and I are in therapy: me, because of what happened; Edward, because of what happened, and also to help him learn to build his relationship with Esme and Carlisle. Edward and I are still dating; we argue a lot, but the makeup sex is great. It was six months ago that Edward and I first made love. It was amazing and everything Edward promised to do that day so long ago, he followed through on. I still attend college online and Edward surprisingly has a job with my dad, and my man looks real sexy in his uniform. Jacob's out of jail, but still on house arrest still for his part in what happened. Seth is in a mental hospital. I still dream that he will get out and come back for me or kill Edward. Edward tells me not to worry and swears he'll protect me. I smile lighting the candles when I hear a car pull up. "Hey, baby, what's all this?" Edward says as he walks into our small, two-bedroom home. "It's a year ago today we said we loved each other," I say as I remove the silk robe and show him my new baby-doll nightie. I watch as his eyes travel up and down me. "Oh, well so maybe that's why I have this," he says as his eyes meet mine. He throws the small box to me and I catch it. As I open it, I see a beautiful ring. I look back at Edward and see he's down on one knee. "Well?" I chuckle and nod at him as small tears fall down my cheeks. "I knew you would," Edward says standing and pulling me close to him. He picks me up a carries me out of the living room. "Edward, dinner," I say with a chuckle. "It can wait. I want to have sex with my new fiancée." I chuckle as he puts me on the bed and he starts to kiss my body. Just as he gets to my second favorite place for him to kiss, there is a bang and the lights go out. "Shit, I knew I forgot to pay for something," Edward says and I groan. This is now the second time he's forgotten to pay the electric bill. "Fuck it, who needs light," Edward says before burying his mouth between my legs. ~The End~ A/N: Well Happy Halloween everyone, we hope you enjoyed this little one-shot. Be sure to watch for our Christmas one-shot, it's going to be quite large, around 30K word count at completion. Be sure to check out the new story that Jess, and we have collaborated on. It is called, If I Die Young, and our author name is, WeeJessAndTAT. Also please check out the Twi-Fic Awards, and go and vote. The website info and link is in on our profile. WeeKittyAndTAT have been nominated in several different places. One for veteran writer and the other nominations are for stories. Four of our stories are on the nomination list, His Cimmerian View, Diamond Dolls Kitty Cave, Crabs And Cream and Meeting Her Needs. You don't have to vote for us, but please go check out the nominations and vote for your favorites, and let these writers, banner makers, betas, pre-readers and readers know who you appreciate. Thanks for reading and reviewing, Nikky & Kasi~