keep looking around. I wonder if there's a bedroom someplace, too. "I can't answer that as it could be construed as a sexual question, Miss Swan." I gasp, as I suddenly realize I must've spoken out loud. "I have had harassment charges filed against me once, albeit unwarranted; I'd rather not go through that again." "I wouldn't ..." I stutter as we stand outside a door. "So, if I were to sexually harass you, you wouldn't tell?" Mr. Cullen asks almost hovering above me. "That ... No! That's not what I meant. I meant, I wouldn't lie and get you into trouble," I gush out the last part quickly. "Hmm," Mr. Cullen hums as he opens the door. I walk into his office slowly – it's very large and spacey, and find myself smiling because I really like it. "Are you okay, Miss Swan?" Mr. Cullen asks and I drop my smile knowing I must've been grinning like a fool. "Yeah ... yes, Sir." "Then please take a seat," he tells me pointing to a chair. I nod sitting down, and right away my leg starts to bounce. "Mr. Cullen," I say with a squeak making him raise his brow at me. I know right away this must be one of the reasons he calls me mouse . "Mouse, I told you my name is Edward." "And I told you my name is Bella," I say right away. I close my eyes knowing this meeting may end with me getting sacked. "Touché, Mouse, tell you what, I'll call you Bella, instead of Miss Swan, and you call me Edward, instead of Mr. Cullen, agreed?" "Agreed, Edward," I say. As soon as his eyes leave mine, I let out a breath. Edward and I go through all the points Rose wanted me to bring up with him. "You, too, get a pay raise?" Edward asks. "Er, I'm not sure ... I wasn't aware of that being in there," I say quickly. "You've only been with us six months; all employees start at grade one for pay and that lasts for a year." I nod knowing this. "Yes, Sir, I'm aware." "Not only does it say you, too, get a pay raise, but you're being moved to grade three?" I shrug again, not knowing what else to do. I know at grade one I get ten dollars an hour, but at grade three, I'd be getting closer to twenty dollars an hour. "I really can't say Mr.—" Edward raises his brow at me, cutting me off. "Edward, I know Rose joked about it," I say looking down. "Bella," Edward calls out. "Look up when someone is addressing you." I look up, and he sighs out. "In the business world, you can't show weakness, no matter what, do you understand me, mouse?" I bob my head, but I haven't a clue what he's talking about. "Okay, that's it then; we are done for today. I'll speak to Rose tomorrow about the subject you couldn't help with. Have a nice evening." I jump up and just about run out of his office and personal space. "Bella, you okay?" I nod at Alice. "Yep, but I'm starting to agree with Emmett; I think Edward," I say pointing at his door, "needs to get laid, and bad." Alice giggles a little. "I swear, Alice, you could put coal up his ass, and in no time flat, it would come out as a diamond." Alice laughs some more and I roll my eyes at her. "He must have done something right, you're calling him Edward?" I shrug. "See you tomorrow," I say walking out. I get in my truck heading for Walmart, knowing I need some groceries. I walk around getting some fruit and frozen meals for one. "I need chocolate," I say to myself. Knowing aunt flo is making my life miserable, and the caffeine and sugar from it will make me feel better. I groan when I hit the candy aisle – Valentine shit is covering the shelves. I love the chocolates, but really hate the greeting card holiday. "Twenty freaking bucks for a stupid, heart-shaped box of chocolate?" I huff out loud. "Can I help you, Ma'am," one of the workers asks. "Yes, I was wondering if I opened this and only took the good kinds out, and left the shitty ones nobody eats, can I get a discount?" The poor worker just looks at me like I'm unstable. "Um, no," he says slowly, looking around as if he thinks someone might jump out at him. "Okay, where are the smaller boxes of these?" I say shaking the twenty dollar box. "That's the only size we have left at the moment." "Why?" "It's almost Valentine's Day, and people usually buy them for others?" he says as if he was asking me. "Ah, the rip-your-heart-out and send it to that special someone, only for them to refuse it and put return to sender on it, day!" The worker just smiles at me as he backs away from me. I turn back looking at the chocolate. I pick up another box looking at the back seeing the best-if-used-by date is 2017. "I just don't get why people don't wait until the fifteenth and buy the discounted chocolate, and put it away for next year. All I want is some freaking chocolate that doesn't cost me two hours of work," I groan out and the worker actually runs away. I really hate Valentine's Day, and not because I'm a younger version of an old spinster, I mean, I don't even have a cat. A/N: Well there is no set posting schedule for this as of right now, and there is still a bit to write yet, but it will be completed 100% by the end of February. Let us know what you think. We love to hear your thoughts. Thanks for reading yet another of the stories by WeeKittyAndTAT, we hope you enjoy it. (Nikky) & Kasi~