would be welcome to visit as often as they wanted. It didn't take long for me to sign away the business my father had spent years building; I wasn't sorry to be walking away from it. It was true that it had not killed my mother, but it had changed my father into someone I didn't know and it had almost killed me. I spent those few months, making sure my recovery was complete and looking at apartments to rent. I decided that buying would come later when I knew my way around. I knew I would need an assistant and selected a young man straight out of University. Riley proved to be a godsend, finding office premises and refurbishing them to a good standard, which would mean I could hit the ground running. On an overcast and cool September day, I boarded a plane bound for the city I had chosen, eager to start the new life I had chosen. Riley and I had worked on-line, setting up the Pacific Northwest Trust and had already provided a good number of students with the wherewithal to follow their dreams. During this time, I had left myself little time to think of Bella and what might have been. The nights were different though; I dreamed of a life together, which somehow eased the sorrow deep inside me. By the time Christmas and the New Year had been and gone, I had settled into my new life, if not happy, I was at least content. My investments had grown and proved to be good enough for both University education funding and the beginnings of the new Seattle Air Ambulance Service, which would be up and running by the summer. I was sure it would prove to be a great addition to the search and rescue service. As the weather warmed, I spent more time outside and took to visiting a local cafe in Pike Place Market, from where I could sit and people watch. On a sunny Friday afternoon, a shadow fell over me and a sweet feminine voice came from beside me. "Is this seat taken? Do you mind if I share your table?" I looked up, squinting in the bright sunlight. "Of course, you're welcome." As the woman sat opposite me, my mouth dropped open, "Renée? I thought …" I was unable to articulate further. "That's what you were supposed to think. I hope you don't mind me contacting you. I saw your name on some paperwork about the new air ambulance service and I had to know. I spoke to Carlisle; I had to know before I could speak to you. He told me you have nothing to do with the business now. Have you left the family?" She took a drink from the bottle of water she had ordered, waiting for me to answer. "I have, I just couldn't be that man anymore. It lost me the best thing that ever happened to me; I couldn't even stay in Chicago." I swallowed hard, wanting to ask. Running my hand through my hair; a habit I had picked up over the last few months, I spoke quietly, "Some would say I deserve to be alone, given what I used to be, and I accept that, but I'll always miss her." "I thought long and hard about this, Edward and I hope my trust is not misplaced. What if I was to say that Bella is alive?" I stopped breathing for a few moments, taking the time for the feeling of relief to sweep through me. I closed my eyes and the blinked back the tears that threatened to fall. "Where …" I had to stop and clear my throat, "Where is she? Would she want to see me?" "It's a little more difficult than that, Edward. In surgery, it's true that her heart stopped but the surgeon managed to revive her. When she woke up, she remembered nothing of what happened that day, nor does she seem to have any memory of meeting Carlisle, Aro, Marcus and you. I made a snap decision to convince her to move back to our home town. She was only supposed to stay until she recovered from her injuries. An unfortunate side effect was the loss of her scholarship, and she decided that she didn't want to return to Chicago." "She's okay isn't she?" I had to know. "What does she think happened to cause her injuries?" "We lied to her, Charlie and I; we told her that there was a drive-by shooting and she was in the wrong place at the wrong time. She accepted that as the truth." Renée shrugged. Looking directly at me she spoke earnestly, "The thing is, Edward, she isn't really happy. I think she knows there's something missing, and I think it's her connection to you. It's like she's waiting for you." I let out the breath I had been holding, "What do you suggest? I want to see her, Renée, but I don't want to bring back bad memories." She smiled and I could see Bella in her face, "She works in the local diner, every day from eight. I could see how much you loved her when we were in that warehouse; I trust you won't hurt her." I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't hear Renée leave and only moved when the waitress let me know that they were closing in fifteen minutes. To my surprise twilight was falling and I knew I had been given another chance. One o'clock the next day found me seated in the local diner in Forks. Just as Renée had said, there she was, greeting me with a smile. "Hello, my name is Bella. I'll be your server for today. Let me get you something to drink while you take a look at our menu." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.