the words to. Jane can hear, but has limited speech, and finds sign language easier to use. "Jane, this is my girlfriend Bella," I say and sign. She turns looking at Bella. "Hi," Bella surprises me by signing to Jane. Not sure why it surprises me, but it did momentarily. "I'm moving soon," Jane signs to us. "Oh, you are?" I ask. "Mom and dad can't look after her anymore and were we willing to let her come here, but her social worker thinks a halfway home would be better. We're looking at Todd's Place tomorrow," Eleazar tells us. "No," Bella says shaking her head. "No, not there, please don't take her there. Those people there are horrible and if I could shut them down then I would," Bella bursts out looking upset. "We were told that most people there don't have episodes?" Eleazar argues and looks at Bella confused. "That's true but only because they are drugged up, and they don't know what day it is. Believe me, my sister went there for two months before my mom found out they were drugging her without her consent. That may have been seven years ago and they claim they have new rules, but I've seen many of the people that live there. There are clean signs of abuse and I have reported them, and I'm hopeful this time they will be closed. Please don't send her there." Bella rubs her head. "Four months ago I went to visit someone, it was around ten at night when I arrived. I buzzed but no one answered. I waited for an hour when the staff arrived back after going out for dinner. They had locked the patients in with no way of getting help or out if they needed it. That's when I reported them again. You have to believe me when I say it's not safe. If you're really willing to take her in, then do so. You can give her independence here just the same. She could stay in your pool home, that way she's not in your home, yet your close if she needs you." Bella stops talking and looks at Jane who's looking back her. "But you know what let her choose and be a part of the choice. After all it's her that will be living there." "Pool house," Jane signs, "I like the pool house." No one says anything for a little bit mainly because we are shocked that something like this could happen in a place that's meant to safeguard our vulnerable people. After dinner Carmen asks Jane to help her clean up and she nods at Eleazar who comes over to us. "What about the kitchen? Or if she goes for a walk?" he asks clearly worried. "Without looking at her case files, I'm not sure what her capabilities are. But there are many pieces of equipment that you can get now. Like a tracker—something she always has on—so you know where she is. There are mats you can put at the door, so if she leaves, it will alert you like an alarm. The kitchen, you could have it limited to what she would need, but don't sell her short. Let her try things out and know just because something goes wrong does mean that is it. We all need to screw up a few times before we make the perfect cake." Eleazar chuckles and nods. "Could you help us out with the equipment means?" Bella nods at him. "I would be glad too." ~CV~ The weeks seem to fly by one after the other. Jane is settled in the pool house and is doing well. Alice has Maria and Chloe now under Bella's care and both kids are thriving. Bella has all but moved in with me and her blog is doing well with Royce, Sasha, Bella, Garrett, Alice and many more all helping monitor it. Many places are making sure to spread the word about it. Sasha made an excellent swan that's swimming in what looks like water, until you make it a little bigger and see it's all information icons. Everything seems to be going smoothly and despite what I first felt when I walked into Bella's office that first day with Charlie, five months ago, I feel calmer today, even knowing today we be getting the results. "Edward, Bella and Charlie come on in," Garrett says smiling at us. "The results are what we expected. Charlie has Asperger's syndrome, he seems to be in the mild to moderate line," he says showing us a graph. Taking a deep breath I look at Bella knowing that I can face this with her beside me. We will face this together. Kissing her hand, Charlie smiles at me before turning to Bella. "Mommy," he says and I gasp feeling my heart take off as he holds up his hands to Bella. She looks at me as Garrett stops talking and I nod. Bella picks him up and hugs him close to her. "Sorry, Garrett, you were saying?" she says. Garrett carries on talking and I feel relieved knowing I have a good support group, with my family and friends. No matter where on the graph Charlie is, he's my son and I love him just the way he is. A/N: We have has several people who read this in the compilation have asked us to continue it and or write a epilogue for it or something. After discussing it with Nikky, we will add to it, but it will not be until after the first of the year at this point becasue we are currently beyond loaded down with many other items we have going on. Thank you to those of you who donated money to the cause. Thank you for reading and if there is something in particular you would want to see us do with this story in the epilogue, please let us know, becasue we are always willing to try.