even as he headed for his car with Emmett at his side. He spoke softly with Bella, who didn't seem to comprehend anything he said, but thankfully the call stayed connected. He followed the directions Jasper gave Emmett. "Bella?" he called to her. The horror, the shock carved across her beautiful face gutted him. "Darling, come here," he spoke to her evenly, stepping between her and Charlie's lifeless body. He studied her, watching as she slowly started to recognize him. "Edward?" she sniffed. "I'm here, baby," he held out a hand to her. "Take my hand," he ordered her tenderly. "You're safe, I'm here," he promised. He smiled as her icy cold fingers curled around his. "Oh, love," he groaned as she collapsed against him, "I've got you." "He tried, he.." she trailed off. "I had no-no choice, he was," she tried to explain. "I, I," she couldn't form the words. "I know," he carefully brushed his thumb against her bruised and swollen face. Guilt crush him as he took in the evidence of his failure to protect her. "I'm here." He kissed her forehead. "I'm so sorry." "I don't want to go to jail," she murmured, trying to pull herself together. Edward frowned, curling his arms around her as he tucked her bloody body against his, "You won't. I swear." Emmett handed him a blanket and a bottle of water from the trunk of his car. Edward draped the blanket around her shoulders and pressed the water into her hand. "This never happened. No one will ever know. I'll take care of it," he promised her. He looked over at Emmett. "Get Fergus and Benny out here to clean this shit up. Burn it, bury it, send it to fuckin' Mars for all I care." Emmett nodded seriously. "Of course. I'll make sure he gets a burial he deserves." Edward steered Bella back to his car and buckled her in. He drove her home and led her up to their room and into their private bath. He stripped her carefully and looked her over for injuries before climbing into the shower with her. He washed her gently, as she stared blankly through him. "I brought the doctor," Jasper called through the door. "Tell him to wait, we'll be down soon." "No," Bella barked loudly, breaking her silence as she looked up. Light in her eyes. Wariness. "I need to see him," she said urgently, her voice filling with emotion. "Now, please." "Send him up," Edward corrected himself. He wrapped her up in a thick towel. "What's wrong, did he hurt you?" he asked anxiously. "No. No," she assured him. "Our baby. I need to know our baby is okay," she whispered as his hand covered her stomach. "Our..." Edward said thickly, forgetting to pull on his shirt. "Baby," she nodded, love soothing away the darkness. "I'm pregnant. That's why I was making dinner," she explained, blinking back tears as she put on her nightgown. His fingers laced with hers as her doctor looked her over. He checked her for a concussion, followed by her face for fractures before he ran a few simple tests in their small medical room. Bella tried not to think of the list of reasons why they'd need this room. "And right there," Dr. Smith grinned, his frown melting away to relief as he pointed to the portable ultrasound screen, "that's your baby. Actually, babies—one of them must have been hiding. They're completely fine," he assured them. Bella squeezed Edward's hand as their heartbeats swooshed through the room. "I received your blood results back Friday. They have no markers for any genetic disorders. Would you like to know the sexes?" he asked them. "I thought I had to be further along?" she whispered. "The blood screening analyzes your children's DNA. It's used to check for genetic disorders, like cystic fibrosis or Down Syndrome, but it also detects your baby's Rh blood type and gender," he explained. Bella glanced at Edward hopefully, and he nodded. "We'd like to know." "A boy and a girl. Congratulations." … Edward gently placed his hand over the swell of her belly. Underneath his fingertips, his children moved, her stomach tightened, and he was overwhelmed with satisfaction. Bella groaned and twisted in her sleep. She cursed him. He chuckled to himself and pulled his hand away. He didn't want to wake her, she needed her rest. The twins were due in a few more weeks and were already exhausting their mother. His eyes widened as he registered the sudden wetness of their bedsheets, followed by another miserable groan. "Edward," she whispered. "I know, I'm here," he helped her up and into a fresh nightgown. The drive into the city was the longest of his life. The hours ticked by as the birthing center took over her care. It was a long twelve hours later that Bella lay back in relief. Her son lay peacefully in her arms as he nursed greedily. Edward held his daughter reverently against his chest as he rocked her gently next to Bella's bed. She smiled tiredly as her brothers-in-law entered the room with their girls. "They're beautiful, Bella," Rosalie whispered. Jasper asked quietly, "How are you feeling? Need anything?" "Yes, baby, how are you feeling?" Edward asked, concerned, as he looked up from their daughter's face. She grinned, her chest swelling with joy, tears clouding her eyes as she took in the family that surrounded her. How much her life had changed in a little over a year, when she had been forced to make the gamble of a lifetime. "I'm fine," she promised thickly. "I am," she chuckled softly. "Pain meds," Emmett teased. She rolled her eyes. How could she possibly explain her emotions at that moment? She smiled as Edward pressed a tender kiss to her forehead. Maybe she didn't need to explain after all. Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.