know that?" She said as she kissed me sweetly on the lips, and then whispered in my ear, "Come on, my family is in for a hell of a surprise!" "Let's go, our plane is waiting." She jumped back, had her bag in hand and was walking out the door before I ever set one foot forward. "Where do you get all that energy? Is there a stash of Red Bull and Dr. Pepper that I don't know about?" "Get used to it, buddy! My brothers have lovingly called me a Pixie on Crack!" "Gladly! And I know, I heard." I grabbed my bag, and we headed for the airport, into new unchartered territory for me. Not only was I in love with the most beautiful girl I had ever known, but I was about to walk into what had previously been "the enemies camp" with the girl they thought I had murdered. We landed on a private strip in Seattle and rented a car to drive to Forks. We decided we did not want to show up looking like drenched rats since it was raining, as usual. As we pulled into the long driveway, I suddenly felt a hint of fear. Alice looked over and smiled. With that one simple gesture, all my fear melted away and I was surrounded by her love and confidence. "Don't worry, once they get past the shock of it all, they will love you as I do." She squeezed my hand and again, pointed at her forehead. I got out of the car, and ran around to help her out too. I heard the door open and a chorus of " What?!", "Oh My God's" and gasps from several people as they ran out the door towards us, stopping short as I stepped in front of her, not sure what to do. I dug in my heels and stood my ground. I heard snarls and growls and Emmett questioning Edward who was obviously reading my thoughts as he looked back and forth from me to Alice and back to me again. Finally, he broke the silence looking at Alice and saying, "No freaking way sis! Really?! Alec? Of the Volturi Guard?" he hissed under his breath and then pushed me aside as he hugged his sister, and the rest of the family followed. Bella, Emmett, Rose, Carlisle and Esme followed suit, most of them never taking their eyes off of me. From up the road, I heard a highpitched squeal and a howl. Renesmee was there within seconds and a huge russett wolf was growling at me like he was going to rip my head off. I backed against the car, not sure what to do. All I could do was look at Alice. Alice POV "Okay, guys! Yes! It's me! Do you really think I was going to let my niece get married to him without my approval of all the wedding festivities?!" I laughed and Ness threw herself in my arms crying into my hair. She had grown some more. I heard Edward laugh. It was so good to be home. "Oh, by the way. Alec sweetie, it's okay. They won't hurt you," I cooed at my new love. "Everybody, Alec is with me now. Please try to hear me out, and know that he is the newest member of the Cullen Family." I reached over, grabbed his hand and gave him a sweet kiss on the lips to seal the deal with my family. More gasps and " Oh My God's" and plain dumbstruck stares. "Come on, I have got a lot of explaining to do, and we don't have much time before the REAL Volturi come a knocking." "Really, Alice? Aren't you going to give us a little more time to come to grips with losing Jasper, thinking you are dead, and now a double wedding? " Edward growled under his breath. "Over my dead body! I don't care what has he has done for you, I don't trust him. And I NEVER will." "Thanks, baby brother…I hadn't quite got to that part of my vision with Alec. You and I will discuss that later, for now we have more important things to worry about." Yeah, soooo good to be home . Edward grabbed me and started pulling me toward the house. "No, now is as good a time as any. You are NOT welcome here." Alec looked at me and forced a smile. I pulled from Edward's grip, took Alec's hand and we followed Edward as he stomped and huffed all the way up the stairs, slamming the door shut behind him. Alec leaned down and whispered sweetly in my ear, "The answer is yes, by the way. I love you…my angel, but I think we should give your family time before planning our wedding. Besides, I thought I was supposed to wear the pants in this relationship and ask you to marry me ." Everybody burst out laughing. Damn vampire hearing. We joined the rest of the family in the living room. We talked and caught each other up on what was going on while Edward just stared at Alec, who gripped my hand tightly while we waited for Jake to return with Sam and the rest of the pack to go over what Aro had planned for my family. I looked around the room at all the smiling faces, except Edward and Bella, who was trying to cheer up my brooding brother, and sighed. I giggled at the memory of Alec telling me I reminded him of the witch in the " Wizard of Oz" , but I thought of myself more like Dorothy and chanted her mantra… There's no place like home, there's no place like home, there's no place like home . Edward snorted at my musings, then stood as Sam and Emily walked through the door, followed by the rest of the pack and their imprints. The END? Oh No, just the BEGINNING….