hand, "take your hand off my kid and go back to your seats. We are happy here," I state harshly to her. "Move, now," the woman demands with a roll of her eyes. "I seriously doubt that Edward wants to see the likes of you sitting here." "I'm sure he'll be happy to see all his fans," Lucy says giving the woman the evil eye. "Isn't it past your bedtime, rug rat?" Before I can say anything at all, a voice stops me in my tracks. "Hey, is there a problem here?" "Oh, hey, sugar, I'm Tanya," she says in a flirty voice, turning to smile at Emmett as she all but shoves her tits in his face. "This trash and her brat are in my seats," she carries on. "No, they're not," Emmett retorts rudely and Tanya's face falls. "Hey Beauty and Butterfly, I came out here, because I forgot to tell you when Edward does his last song to stay seated until I come and get you. I'll personally be taking you two backstage to the room that you'll be having a late supper with Edward in. He's really looking forward to spending the rest of the night with you after the show." I bite my tongue as Emmett clearly drums it up to rub it in Tanya's face. "Now, as for you, Tara, if you can show me your tickets, I'll take you back to your seats, but remember to stay there or I'll have to have you removed. Also, please watch what you do and say, and keep your harsh words to Edward Cullen's personal friends to yourself." Tanya huffs, glaring at Emmett. "When Eddie and I are married, you are going to get fired, or I just may keep you on to be my personal bitch boy." Tanya flips her hair, making it hit Emmett before stalking back to her seat. "Eagle to Pixie," Emmett says into a radio. "Pixie here, go ahead, Eagle," a familiar sounding woman's voice says. "There are triple crazies in row three, section D, seats dead center," Emmett says sounding a little like he's scared. "Roger that, Eagle, three crazed fans, row three, section D, center seats will tell Leo and call Doc to bring the strait jackets for standby." I look to Lucy who's looking back at me in wonder. As we turn, we both start to laugh at Emmett. "We need to make this fun somehow!" he retorts and I give him a nod. "Here, this is yours, call if you need help or need to leave your seats for any reason. Your code name is Beauty and Lucy here is known as Butterfly, we don't want to use real names on here, to keep weirdos from knowing too much," he nods back at the three crazies behind us. Taking off his radio he hands it to me, but holds the mic up to his mouth. "Eagle to Pixie, leaving radio two with Beauty and Butterfly, have radio five waiting." "Pixie to the Eagle, copy that, and this is your ten minute warning notice," the same voice from before says and Emmett nods. "Roger that, Pixie, be back there in a few." Emmett hands me the microphone piece and smiles. "Call if there is any reason for you to leave your seats, or if there's any more trouble. I've got to go, but I'll come see you again soon." I feel eyes watching me and turn to see that Tanya is still clearly glaring at me. I let out a breath and do what Taylor Swift says and shake it off . Ten minutes later, the whole place is filled and buzzing with chatter. "Hello, Los Angeles," I hear Emmett shout and look up to see he's on the stage, directly in front of us. "What's he doing, Momma?" Lucy asks, but I know due to Emmett's chuckle she was a little louder than she intended. "I'm the warm-up guy, I warm up the crowd by telling bad jokes, and I may even sing a song or two," Emmett says crouching down in front of us. "Oh, I know a joke and it's good one," Lucy says making me blush as the people near us chuckle. "Let's hear your joke," Emmett says handing her a microphone. "Why was six afraid of seven?" "I don't know, why?" Emmett frowns and shaking his head. "Because, seven ate nine!" As soon as her reply was out of her mouth, Emmett grins and laughs along with the others in the full concert hall. "Well, that was the best joke you people will hear, so give a big hand to my cute little friend down here," he says and people clap as Lucy gives him the microphone back. Emmett was right; his jokes were just as bad as Lucy's, but his singing was quite good. "So, as you all seem to be loving me so much, how about I stay and we send Edward home?" he asks, making everyone shout no . "See, they want me to stay," Emmett says turning his head talking to someone off stage. "Edward!" Someone shouts and then everyone starts chanting his name. "Really?" Emmett says and everyone cheers. "How about you, cute little girl, who do you want me or Edward?" He asks and Lucy bites her lip looking at Emmett. "I love you, Emmy, but I would like to hear Edward singing, but you can come and sit on my chair!" Emmett chuckles at her. "Well, all right then and only because it's this sweet little girl's birthday, here's the man of the hour ... EDWARD CULLEN!" The whole place gets up on their feet clapping as Edward Cullen walks on stage shaking his head. A/N: No posting schedule for this one, but it will be fully posted by months end. We are super excited to see what you all have to say about this, so please take a moment to let us know your thoughts.