money for the drawing and postage to mail it to me. I then put my name and address on the tube and he puts the picture inside for me. "Thank you," I say before walking away. Kassie is quiet after we walk away, for too long and I look down at her. "Are you okay? I don't think he meant anything mean with what he said." Kassie just nods at me. "Do you miss Daddy?" I let out a sigh and take a deep breath. She knows my parents were her first parents. We have photos of them in our home, but she doesn't remember them except from the videos we have. "Yes, I do," I tell her. "Can you tell me another story about our parents, before I go to bed tonight?" "I can and I will." Kassie nods at me. "I love you," she says and I smile, pulling her to me and hugging her. "I love you, too, kid." We arrive at the waterpark and quickly get changed. I cover us again liberally in sunscreen before we go out to the pool and slides. We spend the next hour sliding down the slides, swimming in the water, and floating around on the lazy river. "Mommy!" Kassie yells even though she's standing right next to me. "Your back is all red." I sigh turning my head a little to see my shoulder, and she's right. "Okay five more minutes, then we need to head in and get changed." Kassie just nods at me. She runs off and I lose her for a few minutes only to have her appear back in the pool, but there is a guy with her. I move toward them, but as there are a lot of people in the pool, I lose sight of her again. "Mommy," She says leaping up in front of me. "Did you see me swim?" I let out a breath and nod at her. "Yeah I did, but please remember not to talk to people you don't know." "I know," she says. "Is it time for us to go?" I nod at her and we head out, both getting our things. I take her into one of the family changing rooms. We shower, wash our hair, and get dried off before putting on our street clothes. I again put some sunscreen on us, and we both dry our hair. I clean up our mess and repack our beach bags with our now wet things. "Okay, it's time for us to eat dinner, before heading home. Where would you like to eat?" I ask her but I already know the answer. "Sushi, please?" I chuckle and nod at her as we walk toward the waterpark exit. "Hey!" some guy calls from behind me. "Do you want to watch a movie when we get home?" Before she can answer me, someone grabs my arm tightly and makes me stop. "Hey!" he yells and I just look at him. Over the next few minutes, I think this guy is off his rocker as he claims Kassie is his daughter, Cordie. As he continues to spew out words, I see a small girl emerge from the ladies changing room. The girl must be about the same age as Kassie, but she is literally identical to my daughter. I notice she's looking around, likely for the man who is still raising his voice. I try to tell him to look behind him, but he clearly is too upset to be reasonable. I wave at the little girl and call out the name he called Kassie. She looks at me, and I tell her that her daddy is right here. As the little girl walks toward us, I am in a bit of shock. This girl and Kassie are identical, in every way. They both have one green and one blue eye, the only difference I can see is their eye colors are in the opposite eyes. "Mirror twins," I mutter subconsciously. "What?" The guy asks and I look at him to see he also looks confused. "There has clearly been a misunderstanding," the man says to the workers who have come over to see what is going on. "Cordie, it's time to go." I look at him open-mouthed as he walks away. "Hell, no!" I say and give Kassie a nod and run after the guy. "Hey!" I yell and he stops and turns to me. I am taken back and completely shocked by the anger that I see in his eyes and the sneer on his face. "Shouldn't you at least say you're sorry for grabbing me, scaring my daughter, and accusing me of kidnapping your child?" I ask him. His eyes widen in shock—I'm guessing—as he looks at me. "Sorry," he mutters before again starting to walk away. "Hey," I yell again moving after him. "What is that? I mean you accuse me of kidnapping your daughter and all I get is a halfhearted mumbling of you're sorry ? What the hell is going on and who are you two?" The man just looks at me. "Who we are has got nothing to do with you," he states. My eyes look down to see that the man's daughter looks scared. Since she is clearly upset, I don't follow this time when he turns and walks away. "Mom, why does she look like me?" "I'm not sure," I tell Kassie. 'Have no fear, I am planning on finding out if this is just a random coincidence', I carry on in my head. A/N: So this chapter was a monster of a chapter and all the others will likely be around half this size. This chapter was important to meet everyone, and that is why it was a tad longer then the rest will be. We hope that you like it so far, and look forward to hearing your thoughts on it as we go. We'll see you next Monday with an update.