still don't like it." I was more anxious on the plane; knowing we were closer to whatever was going on in Volterra. Edward suddenly cringed and I realized I was holding his hand a little too tight. "What could be so terrible?" I asked quietly."What could be going on that's as bad as he made it seem?" He was quiet, like he didn't hear me. I didn't want to urge him on, but I couldn't help but ask what was bothering him. "Do you wish you'd stayed home?" He brought my hand up to his lips and kissed it gently, then smiled at me. "No, I'm glad I'm going. I'm curious about what it's like – living like you do." Why was he acting so weird? "You know what's going on, don't you?" I saw his jaw and tense and knew I was right. Alice must've seen whatever was going on back in Volterra. I didn't need Edward to explain it; if we could've done something about it, Alice would've told me. Edward saw the understanding on my face. "I think you should hear it from your Dad. I don't have as much insight as him." I didn't want to ask anymore, I was too scared of the answers I'd get. We spent the rest of the flight with my head on his shoulder, and his arms wrapped around me in a comforting way. To prepare me of what was to come, I guessed. He obviously knew what was going on and figured it was best my dad told me. I trusted him on that and was suddenly glad I let him come with me. What he knew proved why Alice was the one to persuade me to let Edward come. The plane landed on a familiar strip a few miles from the back of the castle. It was especially familiar to me – I was just here a week ago. "See that?" I asked him as we landed. I pointed out the window towards where you could see the back of the castle. He nodded. "How do you get in the castle from back here?" I laughed. "A door?" He chuckled, embarrassed. "Oh." I thanked the pilot - who hoped to be one of us one day, but would probably end up as dinner. It didn't take long to get to the back door; which we had guarded heavily with fingerprint technology. I remembered when I told my dad how ridiculous it was, but he'd insisted it was nessesary. When we got through the door I was surprised Felix wasn't there to greet me. Maybe my dad had realized I didn't need him as a personal guard anymore. I had Edward now. We headed down the pitch black hallway and when we rounded a corner with light I saw Alex standing there. I guess Dad still needed someone to retrieve me. "Alec!" I hugged him, Edward's hand fell from mine. "I brought Edward with me… He insisted." Alec looked over at Edward and Edward nodded. It made me annoyed; I was the only one who didn't know what was going on. "Will someone please explain?" I asked furiously. "Aro will explain." I walked beside Alec to the throne room with Edward's hand in mine. "Where's Felix?" I asked. Alec was quiet, his face didn't change. I knew he heard me but I didn't ask again. The way the air felt after he didn't answer was tense, it made me uneasy and I quickened my pace. When we reached the throne room the solemn faces around me hit me. I finally noticed no one wore their cloaks either. And Felix wasn't there again. Dad was talking to Demetri when I entered he shook Edward's hand and hugged me tight. I didn't miss the very quick exchange of looks he passed with Edward. "Dad what's going on?" I asked as he kept hugging me. Finally he pulled away. "Bella…" he sighed heavily. "Felix was killed." No. No, no, no, no, no. "No." The room was silent. My chest felt heavy. "You're joking, you're all joking. This is just a big trick. You're joking, right?" No response. "Dad! You have to be kidding! Please tell me this is a big joke!" I felt Edward's arm wound tight around my waist. "It's true, Bella." "But how? Who did this?" My voice broke. My dad answered, "He went out and there was a blue fire in the woods two hours later, he's dead. We don't know who did it. Demetri couldn't track anyone down." This couldn't be real. Felix was my friend. My best friend. And my protector before Edward came along. After just two days of living in the castle, my dad assigned him to watch me, protect me. I remember he really scared me at first. We didn't have full conversations for years. But once I grew old enough to know about my life, he helped me through the nightmares. He was the person I was closest with other then my dad. I found myself confused. I looked around the throne room again, the absent face was all I seemed to notice now and it sunk in. "Oh my god. He- he's dead." I looked up at Edward, and he smiled comfortingly. It didn't make me feel better, though. I turned into Edward's chest. My breath came out in sobs, my voice stuttered and shook. "He's gone." I felt his face press into my hair and he whispered. "Shhh, I'm here." He started rocking us in place. A/N - There's the first chapter of Radiate! Please review and follow and all that jazz so I can keep posting more chapters! And share with your Twilight-loving friends! Some chapters in this fanfic are this long and some are shorter, it really just depends on the events that take place. I hope everyone and enjoyed this chapter and you should hear from me again in one week! (if not, feel free to spam me)