Bella slid on her shorts and put me back in my pants and then called out to Char, "Char, you can drive please? I'm very comfortable where I am." She sat back and I put the seat up in to a decent sitting position and Peter hopped in the back. I nuzzled in to her hair and her scent always seemed to comfort me. Within minutes, Char parked the car and was around and opening our door. Bella got out and they hugged each other. "Bella, we are going to have such fun now! Both of us are going to rock this place." "Fuck, yes!" She agreed. I pulled her in to my arms as well as Char. I kissed Char on the cheek and she hugged us as tight as she could. Bella is still human, so she was being careful. Peter plucked Bella up out of my arms and hugged her to him as his hand slid down to her ass. She then did something that I didn't expect. "CHAR!" She yelled. I heard a crack and then Peter was standing holding his head while Bella was with Char laughing her ass off. Well, Char admittedly is doing no better. My brother summed it up though. "DOUBLE T. Holy fuck, Major. It is the double trouble team." I got him to help me with the bags for something to do. We headed up and dropped them in to the room that was always mine every time I stayed here. It was our room now. I looked at all the civil war memorabilia which was sitting on shelves and such. They have always known the things that I was proud of. My days back in the Civil War were some of them. I fought for what I believed in back then. I truly am proud that I was a soldier. I heard the women talking, but then Bella's emotions began to show fatigue and she let out a yawn. "Sorry, Char, I need to get to bed. This little body isn't built like you lot yet. But I need to clean up first, no matter how much he loves me smelling of him." She said and I could hear her grinning. They laughed and said goodnight to each other and Peter said that he would catch me later. Having vampire senses, he knew that I could hear him. They went to their own room as Bella made her way to me. I watched her grab her personal's bag and headed for the shower. I think all the travelling has caught up with her, poor little thing. She may have enjoyed herself, but it has taken its toll on her. I grabbed my body wash and headed in to the bathroom and noticed shampoo and conditioner were already in here. I turned the bath on and ran it as hot as she can stand the heat. Once it was half full I rinsed us off in the shower where I washed our hair and conditioned it too. We then got out and I hopped in the bath and sank down in to the water, I gave a gentle tug on her hand and she climbed in with me. I sat back and she leaned back against me. The water reached up to where her chest was, just above the swell of her breasts to be exact. They are a beautiful pair too. They are firm, but bouncy and look absolutely mouthwatering. I got her spun around and decided I was hungry and a little breast is good for that hunger, after all. Her hands wrapped in to my hair and she was moaning loudly as she got nearer to her climax. I saw her hand slide down in to the water and the next second it is wrapped around my dick. "Knees, Jasper. Now!" I did as she asked and she was on hers in front of me and sat down slowly as she sank me in to her sweet piece of heaven. She moved her legs and wrapped them round my waist. Thank god that I'm a vampire. She was bouncing on me in no time at all and I certainly helped with those thrusts with my hands around her waist as I moved her up only to have her drop back down on my dick. She screamed in pleasurable pain and this was giving my imagination so many different avenues to go through. l was so glad about her wanting to be with me this way, because I have always wanted her and no… I would never be able to live without her in my life at all. It's why I came back. It's why I always knew that I would. . After bathing and dressing for some rest and sleep for Bella. Bella is was sleeping and she reassured Char that she and Peter could relax and sit in here and talk to me; that it would not disturb her. We haven't caught up like this for some time now. Charlotte gave in eventually and Bella kissed her cheek as she told her, "You really have no choice. You can either stay and talk or I force myself to stay awake. You do the math on what effect that would have on a human body; sleep deprivation." She smirked and then kissed Char's cheek again and hopped in to bed up against me. Peter laughed quietly as did I. My woman is the best. The end of chapter 1 . Author's Note: Read and Review! Wendy and Bella would love to hear what you think! If you have any questions or comments, post them in the reviews for either posting of the story and we will answer them in the next Author's Note. Also, feel free to check out both of our personal sites and check out all of our stories! Thanks for your interest in our story and keep on reading! – Bella & Wendy .