Eddie, we shouldn't tease him. I'd imagine that smarts a bit." Emmett's dark chuckle makes me laugh, as the knife makes its final pass and completely severs Jasper's index finger. The cry that comes from him is inhuman, pathetic, tears streaming down his face. "Oh Emmett, grab a bucket. I want some chunks to toss overboard. Maybe we can attract a shark or two." The whine that comes from Jasper almost makes me feel sorry for him. Almost. I continue on my task of removing each finger from his right hand, one by one, as slowly as I can manage. There's hoarse screaming coming from Jasper, and blood everywhere at this point. Grabbing a rag, I wrap his stump tightly. "I don't want you to bleed out. Then the fun would be over." Standing, I look him over. "Now, let's see, you've lost your hand for your greed. What shall I take from you for taking a man that was like family, a man that was the center of Bella's world? Emmett?" I look up to him for guidance. "Well, Bella thought he walked on water, so I say he loses a foot." "What a great idea! Though, I know it's kinda hard to walk without your toes, so let's start there." One by one, I remove the toes of his right foot, all while listening to his screams. "I'd say I'm going to take perverse pleasure in this next part. You seduced a child, a grieving child, and took something from her you had no right to take. So for that..." I pull my gun from my back, take aim, and fire, straight at his dick. I see Emmett wince in my peripheral vision, as the room is filled with the screaming of the pathetic excuse for a man in front of me. "Seeing how you decided to sing to the Voltolini's, and you won't shut the fuck up now, I think your tongue goes next." Grabbing his chin, and with Emmett's help, we manage to pry his mouth open, and I slide my knife inside, carving away at the muscle there. When the offending appendage falls to the floor, so does my knife. "Let's drag his sorry ass out on deck." "You got it, boss." Working together, we drag his bleeding, broken body up on deck, sitting him up against the side. Going back inside, I fill a glass with cold water, then walk back out, tossing it in his face. "Wha, ungh, uh." "What was that? Cat got your tongue? Oh, no, that's right, I got your tongue. See?" Pulling it up and out of the bucket to show him causes him to puke all over himself. "Guess we'll have to clean him up now, huh Eddie?" "Sure will. Oh, I know, let's see if we can find some help." Walking to the side of the boat, I toss a couple of 'pieces' of my brother into the water. "Emmett, did you know that sharks can smell a drop of blood something like three miles away?" "I did not know that." Emmett's busying himself with getting the hoist ready. The sun set hours ago, so we're doing this by the paltry light of the full moon and what's coming from the cabin. As I toss bits and bobs over the side, my eyes don't leave Jasper's. He's focused on what I'm doing, the blood still dripping from his mouth, tears silently running down his face. "All set." Emmett's voice pulls me out of the staring contest I'm having with Jasper. "Help me hook him up." "Right." I put down the bucket, and help Emmett attach Jasper's limp and broken body to the hoist that's used to haul large fish on deck. We wrap some rope around his ankles and attach the hooks. Using the motor, we lift him high enough to swing him over the edge. When he's swinging over the open water, I see the moment he sees the fins circling the area. "You know, I don't think any of them are big enough to end you right away. They'll probably bite bits and pieces off till there's nothing left. What do you think Emmett?" "Sounds about right." "Oh look, there's a few out there already." His muffled screams fill the air as we begin to lower him closer to the water. Putting my hand up to stop Emmett from lowering him completely, I hang over the side, resting my forearms on the edge. "You know, you turned your back on us, betrayed your family, all for money. Turned to the Italians instead of being loyal to us. So, in honor of where your loyalties lie, I'll steal one of their phrases. Have fun sleeping with the fishes, Jasper. See ya in hell." The sound of the motor lowering him into the water is only matched by the screams coming out of his mouth. When he finally goes under, it doesn't take long before I see the first shark approach. He struggles and thrashes under the surface of the water, which only attracts more. "Hey Eddie?" Emmett points at the larger fin approaching the chaos in front of us. "Think we should cut him loose? I don't want that thing too close to the boat." "Yeah, just wait a minute." Watching him come closer, I see him swim close enough that I could probably reach out and touch him. "Now." With that, Emmett cuts the line, and what's left of our brother falls beneath the surface and into his watery grave. After the frenzied splashing has calmed, and the water is calm, I pull out my cellphone. Dialing a familiar number, I wait for him to answer. "Hello?" "Da?" "Eddie! To what do I owe the pleasure, at...four in the morning?" His tone is light, but irritated. "Da, we need to talk." Translation: ' Álainn '- Beautiful Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.