grant custody of Irina Katrina Cullen to Edward Anthony Cullen. Miss Young, you will have supervised visitation. I will grant you eighty days, which is double of what you saw her last year. If you want more than that, speak with Mr. Cullen. I trust him to be fair in this matter, as it seems he chooses to do what's best for the child." Kate doesn't even look at us as she storms out of the courtroom. "She wants my name," Edward says with a small sob. "I know, I heard," I say, kissing him lightly. "Do you?" "Do I what?" I ask and he chuckles. "Want my name?" "Edward, it's kind of a boy's name and people will look at us if we say I'm Edward and this is my other half, Edward." Edward rolls his eyes at me. "You're going to make me say it, aren't you?" "Say what?" He laughs at me, shaking his head. "Marry me?" "Only if you'll adopt William, so we can all be Cullens?" He grins and nods at me as he closes in for a kiss. "I wouldn't have it any other way." ~BM~ Five years later Time flies when you're having fun they say and it really does. I'm pacing the floor as I get shooting pains. So much has changed in the last five years. The main one is I'm a married woman again—this time to a great man. The wedding was a small affair, but it was what we wanted. Irina was my bridesmaid along with Alice and Rose. Edward had William, Jasper, and Emmett. Mike, my hero, gave me away. Everything that day went well, and Edward and I spent the weekend in my apartment, locked away from everyone. The next thing we did was get the papers drawn up to have Edward adopt William. The adoption almost went off without a hitch, but it brought Renee—sadly—back into my life. I think the time I had been in therapy, and been away from her, made me look at her differently. She was so hateful and angry at me that it confused me. But after two months of her shooting her mouth off and pushing me to move back with her, I contacted the police who issued a restraining order against her. It took her being arrested before she gave up and left. Irina and William have been getting on great. Irina is just like her dad and picked up sign language quickly. She did so well, she now works volunteering with other kids who have just lost their hearing. William received another operation and now has almost seventy five percent of his hearing. His seizures have stopped completely—the last one he had was three years ago. Kate's still around and now with a new man. She still makes me roll my eyes. She now only sees Irina a few days out of the year. It's so heartbreaking to watch Irina when her mom calls to cancel because she needs to work or her new man needs something. But, Edward and I make sure she knows that we are there for her and always will be. She's now fourteen and becoming a young adult, and we know that in a few years she will turn her back on Kate, if Kate's not careful. Irina still sees a therapist, but not very often, and usually only when Kate's around. Edward's still a fireman, and still as sexy as he was the first time I really took notice of him in his uniform. My bakery is doing great, and Bree is still a constant help. Irina even comes in and helps out once a week for extra pocket money. She is surprisingly very good at it, and enjoys learning to decorate with Bree and me. "Sweetheart, take nice deep breaths." I glare at Edward and he just grins back at me. I have been in labor with our first, and only, joint biological child for twenty-four freaking hours. "I'll show you breathing," I say harshly to him, before sobbing out in pain. "It hurts!" I feel Edward rubbing my back. "That's not helping, please make it stop. I can't do this anymore." Edward leans in and kisses my forehead. "You are doing great, baby." "Oh, fuck, help," I yell. "Oh, I think someone's crowning," comes a cheerful voice and my head snaps up. "Whoever could that be," I snark. The chirpy nurse just takes a step back from me. "I'll get the doctor," she cheers. "Why did I get the happy nurse, who's clearly on more drugs than I am?" I ask. Edward just swallows and shrugs. "Don't let her near me or the baby. I don't think she knows what she's doing." Both our eyes go to the nurse, who's looking at the equipment with a clear look of confusion. "I swear to God she's on something." I start weeping again. Here I am being a bitch and he's all nice and sweet. "What's wrong now?" "I'm a horrible wife." "No, you're not." "I am, too," I cry out and he kisses me. "Okay, Mommy, are you ready to push yet?" "Oh God," I say, seeing that the chirpy nurse was not a nurse—she's, in fact, my doctor. One hour later, our son, Kiering was born. He is followed quickly by our daughter Cassandra and our family is now really complete. Yeah, go figure, one was hiding and we get two for the price of one. It's been a long road these past ten years from when I was left to die by a man I once loved, but with strength, hope, faith, and some good people, I've come back stronger than ever before. A/N: Thank you all for reading this, please leave us a review and let us know what you think. We hope that you enjoyed this and thanks again for all the love you show us with each and every story we post. Nikky, Jess and Kasi~