word. He's home most evenings, even getting up at night with the baby when I need him to. I understand that sometimes he needs to leave for 'meetings', or to have muffled telephone conversations in his office on occasion. We even have dinner together most nights. "So, my daddy called here this morning." I glance up from my plate as I say this, looking for his reaction. "Really? What did he want?" Edward tries, unsuccessfully, to look uninterested. "He wanted to borrow money, can you believe that?" "I can't say I'm surprised, Bella. I'm sure he's drunk and gambled his way through his paycheck every Friday before the ink is even dry on it." "Yeah, you're probably right." "So, what did you tell him?" "That we didn't have anything to loan him. I don't have access to anything more than a little pocket change compared to what he wanted." "What was he asking for?" "He wanted a thousand dollars! Can you believe that? Like we would have that kind of money lying around." I just shake my head. Meanwhile, Edward's expression is unreadable. He's distracted the rest of the meal. When the baby starts to cry, I get up to get him, before settling down to feed him. Edward walks past us on his way to his study, leaning down for a kiss as he goes. "I've got a call to make, then maybe we can have some of that cobbler you made, yeah?" "Yeah." After getting the baby settled, I straighten the kitchen, glancing at the clock every once in a while. Edward has been in his study for a long time. Thinking maybe he nodded off, I decide to check on him. Not wasting the opportunity to surprise him, I plate up some cobbler, and quietly stride down the hallway. As I approach his office door, I see it cracked just slightly. I know we need to replace this knob; it's always sticking. Just before I push it open, I hear Edward's irritated voice. "Is that really necessary? I mean, I know he's behind on his payments, but..." His words are cut off by whoever is on the other end. "No Sir, I understand." More silence. "Yes, yes, I know. I will. Mmmhmm. I know, Sir. She won't. All right. Yes, goodnight." Before I can get caught for eavesdropping, I knock. "Come in." Walking in, I can see his hands woven into his hair; something he only does these days when he's incredibly stressed. "Aren't you a sight for sore eyes. Come over here." He pats his lap, and I take the invitation. As I sit, he takes the plate from me, but sets it on his desk instead. "Don't you want any?" He wraps his arms around me, squeezing. "I do, I just wanna hold you more. Is that okay?" "Of course." He's tucked me under his chin, his arms around me, like he's trying to protect me from something, but what? "Everything okay, Edward?" "It will be. I just... I just love you so much Bella. Don't ever forget that." His words, in a way, frighten me. It's like he's trying to tell me something. I reach up and hold his face in my hands. "I love you too." That night, after we've put the baby down for bed, we find our way to each other in the darkness, making love until we're both spent. Around one a.m., the baby's whimpers wake me. It takes me a moment to realize I'm alone in bed. My tired eyes scan the room, and I watch as Edward dresses in his slacks and dress shirt. Before I can say anything, I watch him reach into his dresser drawer, pulling out a handgun. I cover my mouth, stifling a gasp. Thankfully the baby has begun to cry in earnest now, and he doesn't hear me. The cries are louder now, though, and I can't pretend any longer. My feet hit the floor, and I go to our son, his sobbing causing me a physical ache. "It's all right, baby boy. Mama's here." "Everything okay?" Edward says popping his head into the room. "Yeah, things are fine." I get the baby settled at my breast, then turn back to my husband. "Where are you off to?" "I've got somewhere I need to be. I shouldn't be gone too long." "Edward, it's one in the morning! Where are you going?" "It's work. I'll be back soon." Stepping into the room, he leans down to kiss me, then the baby. "I love you both so much. Never forget that." He looks into my eyes, his words seeming to have more weight than usual. "I should be back by sun up, then I'll take you to breakfast, all right?" "Yeah. Just... be careful, yeah?" "Of course. Love you." "Love you." And then, he's gone. The quiet of the house makes me sleepy, and after settling the baby back down, I crawl back into bed. Waking to sunlight streaming through the windows, I reach over, hoping to find my husband, but he's not there. Not hearing the baby just yet, I take advantage of it, and hop out of bed, making it. I dress for the day, wanting to be ready when Edward gets home, so we can go get that breakfast he promised. Tidying the room only takes a few minutes. An out of place piece of paper on the floor draws my attention. It looks like a folded sheet from one of the notepads from Edward's office. Reaching down, a sense of foreboding comes over me, as if my soul knows I shouldn't look at it. Unfolding it, taking in what I see, all the air in my body leaves me in a whoosh. Charles Swan $10K 77 K St Pittsburgh At that moment, my husband's secrets are staring me in the face. A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.