holding me lightly but that was all. I had expected him to advance our relationship. Instead he had stalled it. I was confused, frustrated and feeling off kilter. "I made pancakes," He grinned, setting out a plate, piled high. His chest was bare, showing off his defined pecs and broad shoulders. His shorts hung low on his hips, his stomach taut, and that tantalizing V prominent. I had to look away. "Thank you." He furrowed his brow. "Would you like some juice? I squeezed it myself." "How domesticated of you," I said, snarky. "No, thank you." He scowled, eating his pancakes in silence. I pushed mine around the plate. "Would you like to try snorkeling today?" "Whatever you want." He crossed his arms. "My wife seems petulant this morning." "Really." "I don't like it. Nor do I like your tone or the pouting lips." I knew I was acting like a child, but I didn't care. He made me angry, and I wanted to do the same. Deliberately, I pushed my bottom lip out farther. "Do that again, and I'll bite it." I rolled my eyes. "Well, that would be an improvement." His eyes narrowed. "Is there something you want Bella?" "Does it matter?" "Yes. Tell me what you want. You might get it." I slammed my hand on the counter. "You, Edward! Dammit! I want you ! I want you to make me yours— to fu—" He was on me before the last word left my mouth. Dishes flew off the table as he swept them aside, setting me on the solid wood surface. "I never thought you'd break." He growled. "I thought I was going to die of blue balls on my honeymoon." He kissed me. Deep. Hard. Wet. His tongue claimed my mouth, robbing me of words. His hands gripped, tearing off my robe, and his mouth descended, licking and sucking at my breasts. "You are so fucking beautiful." I cried his name when he cupped my pussy, his touch possessive. "This is mine now. You are mine." "Yes!" "I'm going to fuck you, Bella. Then I'm going to take you to our room and do it again. I'm going to make you come so often you won't be able to stop. I'm going to fuck you until you can't remember anything but me. Your body won't ever want anyone else but me. Do you understand?" I could only whimper. He yanked off my underwear, and slid his fingers against me. "You're wet, baby. So wet for me. He slid one long finger inside, then a second. "So tight . Jesus you're going to feel amazing wrapped around my cock." I arched against him, lost to his dirty words, and possessive touch. He was like a python, ready to strike, hovering over me, eyes hooded and dark. He played me like a violin, his fingers knowing exactly where to touch me, how to draw out my pleasure. His mouth covered mine as my first orgasm blossomed, taking over my entire body. " My name , Bella. Scream my name." It echoed in the room. He ran his open mouth down my torso, teasing my stomach with his lips. He stood, tugging me up. I leaned against his chest, trying to catch my breath. He lifted my chin. "I'm not done with you. Not by a long shot." He dropped his voice. "Look at me, my wife." I opened my eyes, taking him in. He was naked, his skin golden and taut in the light. His cock was rigid, long, hard, and weeping for me. I leaned back, Edward following me, his mouth demanding on mine. He surged forward, burying himself inside. I gripped his shoulders as he moved, my fingernails digging into his skin. He slammed into me, powerfully, never faltering as I exploded around him. He rode it out, sweat dripping, our bodies sliding on the wood, then his head dropped to my neck, his body shuddering as he stilled. "Bella." He moaned, his breath hot on my skin. I wrapped my arms around him, lost to everything he was. His heat, his strength, his lust. I would take it all for him. He lifted his head, running his fingers over my mouth. "You're mine now." "I already was, Edward," I countered. He gathered me in his arms, and carried me to our room. With the curtains still drawn, the light was hazy and dim. He laid me on the bed, his touch changing. It became light, gentle, indulgent. His mouth was warm and teasing on my skin. His words were low, adoring, and sank into my heart. They broke it open, and I accepted him the same way my body accepted his. We moved together as if we'd done it for a thousand years. The world narrowed down to just the two of us. After, lying in his arms I sighed. "I thought you weren't gentle." "You bring that out in me." He shifted to look into my eyes. "But it is only something you will see in private. I need you to understand that, Bella." "I do." "What are you thinking?" he asked with a light kiss. "That maybe I should be petulant more often . . . when we're alone of course." He chuckled. "Of course." "Why did you wait?" "I wanted to know you were certain. That you wanted me as much as I wanted you." "I did. I do." He pressed his mouth to my ear. "I love you, Bella Cullen. I can't wait for you to join me in this life. I'm going to be even stronger with you by my side." "I love you, Edward," I replied. I wasn't sure when it happened, but it was true. He pulled me close. "I will keep you safe. Always, my innocent." I tucked myself closer. "I know." We drifted off. Together. A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.