for her reaction, but she just steps closer to my side. "Relax, Bella. He'll live," I assure her, holstering my gun. "I just don't want him to get away before they find him." "Shooting someone is a crime," she retaliates, giving me the bitch brow. I smirk. "I think we both know he'd be dead if I wasn't being considerate of your feelings," I say as I put my phone to my ear. Aro answers on the first ring. "Get the cops to the alley beside Bella's building." "What we talking," he asks. "Stalker with a gunshot wound," I say, then bark, "Inoltre, dire a James che sarà lui a rispondere a me presto," to let him know that James will answer to me for his fuck up tonight. Pocketing my phone, I put my arm around Bella and start leading her away. "Um, Edward? I live back there." She tries to turn around, but I keep prodding her forward. "We're going to my penthouse, if that's okay?" I say and wait for her to stop walking, but she doesn't. She actually ducks her head like she's all shy and shit. "Sure." I smirk to myself and keep on walking. By the time we've made it to my building, the silence between us is fucking with my head. Instead of feeling comfortable, it's anticipatory. It doesn't help that every time I remember who's with me and where we're going, my Armanis get a little fucking tighter. Once we enter the elevator, I scan my fingerprint and key in the code for my garage. When we start moving down, Bella eyes me speculatively. I hold my palms up. "Just need to drop something off." Her eyes narrow, but her lips tighten, saying nothing. By the time the doors open again, the atmosphere has shifted. The small steel box is overflowing with tension. Sexual tension. I'm actually relieved when I see Demetri waiting for me. I step out and give him the Glock, but he leans over to look past me, at Bella, who's still in the elevator. Returning his eyes to mine, a spark of mirth shines in them. I brush my hand through my hair and shake my head. "Don't," I say. He tightens his lips to hold in whatever the fuck he's thinking, and takes the Glock, stepping back with the closest thing to a smirk I've ever seen from him. My eyes narrow before I step into the elevator and scan my print, this time going up. All the way up. Bella's leaning against the back wall, her body tense, her goddamn legs stretched out long and fucking enticing. "I don't know why you were in the alley, but thank you for being there." As much as I'd like to be the good guy, I'm not. In one move, I'm standing before her, my hands settled on her waist. "I was looking for you," I say, and my voice sounds all strained and desperate. I clear my throat and try again. "I am sorry for shooting that guy in front of you, though." Her hands land on my forearms and slide against my skin, causing my heart to thump in my goddamn chest. "Edward," she says, all breathy and shit, and my cock throbs. "I think we both know you're not the superhero." And that's fucking it. That's all I can take. My hands run up her sides, skimming her tits and landing on the wall to box her in as my lips descend. What's so fucking insane, though, is she's just as desperate. Her hands fist my hair as we meet in a clash of lips and skin. Shit gets out of hand real fucking quick. Before I know it, she's pinned against the wall, her fucking glorious legs wrapped around my waist, and the buttons of her shirt are scattered across the elevator floor. I snatch my lips away, hoping to slow things down, but those goddamn tits are on full display and I can't resist. When my lips close over her covered nipple and blow, her head thumps back against the wall with a whimper. The haze of lust that's exploded between us lifts slightly when the elevator dings, signaling we've arrived at the penthouse. I can't decide if that's a good thing or not. But all too soon, it becomes glaringly clear. The staccato of a slow clap sounds from behind me, and Bella's eyes widen while my head falls to her shoulder. "Qualcuno sta per morire," I grit through clenched teeth, threatening the life of whoever is stupid enough to be in the penthouse. I lift my head and meet her eyes. "Mi dispiace, la mia Bella." I assist her in regaining her footing. She cups my cheek, her dark eyes soft. "I'm not sure what you're saying, but don't ever stop." I can't help it. I lean down and press my lips to hers one more time before straightening and pulling her shirt closed. "I said I'm sorry." I nod toward the penthouse. "This fucker obviously has no decorum." Her fingers walk up my chest and she leans closer, speaking quietly. "Let's just go see what they want so they'll hurry up and leave." My brows rise, her words heading straight to my still-bulging cock. "Fuck, yeah." I drape my jacket over her shoulders before taking her hand and turning to step out of the elevator. But we're only a few paces into the penthouse when we both freeze. I reach for my Glock, but then I remember I gave it to Demetri. Two rigid men sit on my couch. The Boss of the Chicago Outfit has a salacious smirk as his eyes pass over Bella, while Special Agent Swan levels me with a heated glare. I tense and pull her close to my side. "Sit down, kids. We need to talk." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.