sure, darlin'. I do know someone and she and her husband are experienced and certified, etc. he also works volunteer at the station with the rest of us firies." This is good to know and I am glad he is being honest with me about it all too. "I can put a call through to them later if you want. Their business is on the same route I use to get home from here, so it isn't a problem." I watched him as he settled back in to his seat and lay his legs out in front of him and waits for my response. "Yes, but they need to know some things first. And they will need to see the wiring plan which was designed by another sparky. The only one who I never speak of due to my ex having too many eyes and ears. Thank god he is dead though. But still, habits are hard to break. Jacob Black and his crew are excellent at their job. Jacob and I have known each other since we were kids. Jake was there when I needed someone the first time then the second time the whole reservation were all there for me. But the last one… no fucker could get near me due to Sam Uley, who found my body, and Jake, who he rang when he got me to safety. They were very protective of me and helped get me back on the road to recovery, and eventually I healed up with their help. Jakes family consists of four children and one wife who he is devoted to dearly." "Sounds like they are more family than family in a lot of ways, sweets." Jasper snaps me out of my thoughts I hadn't realized I had sunk in to. "Yeah, they are in a way. Anyway, I can text or ring him later about that, when I can get a hold of a phone. Mine was in on the kitchen table yesterday. So now I am homeless and without any form of communication but for my mouth." I feel so ashamed of how I have ended up. I know I have my inheritance from all three parents, but I used the money from my money from mother to buy the land and all I need to start up the stud farm. I even moved away using it, that account still has plenty in there, though, considering she was born of a rich family and was an only child. It was all, but twenty percent of it, will to me, so I inherited way more than I ever could imagine. Then daddy's police chief position gained me more when he died. I didn't blink when it came to donating some to the fund they have for other cops families who are less fortunate than some, like me. I refused though and told them I do not need assistance at all. So after giving them the donation and buying a stone for daddy's grave which his favourite baseball team all autographed, I had it put in place and thanked the team and left. Phil Dwyer. He was a shocker. I later discovered he had no family to leave his money to, due to the fact that he was a blank shooter. He had a heart attack at the sight of something in the crowd at a game he was batting in. he had willed all he owns to me, so you see, I have to worry about why people want to know me at times. And I got sick of that, so I moved here and that's when I bought the land and started up my stud farm. OH SHIT! "What about my crew, Jay, what has gone on there?" "Woah there, lil lady. Slow down, baby girl. Now… by crew I gather you mean the hands at your farm, yeah?" I nod my head and so he continues. "Then Peter would know all your details then. Do you have any who live on the land? "No, because they're all local and do not need it!" He sat straighter in his chair and held my hand as his thumb drew circles on the back of my hand. "Then Peter would have all your details if it is going to sooth you some to know for certain that they know what is happening, then yes, me and Peter will contact them for you. I can go and make the call, and while I am outside doing that, you try and calm yourself." He left to go make the calls and I could not help but to do as he said. I am not normally compliant at all, but for him I would sink to my knees and say yes, master. Goddam, what in fuck is wrong with me? 15 minutes later He is walking in now and instead of his face I see bunches of flowers, or is it one big bunch? He is holding a basket as well, which looks to be holding some yummy stuff in it. He handed me the basket "this is from the firies and their families." I placed it on the table after glimpsing what is in there. The flowers are in a vase already, wonderful. "And these are… well, you see. Thesearefromme." His blush is the cutest ever. He sat them on the window ledge so they had air and sun. "Jasper, I am thankful to the firies, so let them know, please, and their families. Thank you, for the flowers, Jay. I like them very much." I find myself falling for this man, in amongst all the damage and the aftermath of it all, I believe I am falling in to something I will not want to get out of. "Jay?" HUH! What is he….. Ohhh. "Well, it is a shorter version of your name." he was thinking for a few seconds before grinning wide and getting a spark in his eyes. To be continued…