for you." Bella lays her head on my shoulder. "I had Esme and Carlisle." I kiss her head again and just hold her close. "I met Victoria when her car broke down. I pulled over to help her." I feel a blush come across my face, remembering how starstruck I was by her. "I had seen her in different guys' magazines, so when she asked me out, I said yes right away. Our romance was hot and heavy. Now looking back on it, I think I was more in love with the idea of been married and settling to have a family than actually in love with Victoria. When I learned she aborted our babies, because she wanted to stay thin, it killed me inside. Like you with James, I didn't know she had problems; hers was with drugs not booze. I swear I tried to help her, to repair the broken trust and hurt. She promised that if she became pregnant again, she would have it, but she didn't. It hurt so much and I couldn't stand to look at her anymore. I filed for dissolution with the church, and legally in court for a divorce. She passed away before anything was finalized, but according to the church, my marriage to her never existed. "It still bothers me that when I was told of her death, I didn't feel anything. I mean, there was this emptiness inside of me, but it was the loss of my children I felt the most. When I had to identify her remains the guilt hit me. I often felt like it was my fault, that maybe I didn't love her enough or the right way. I still can't understand why she never asked someone she claimed she loved to help her get off drugs. I will never understand why I wasn't enough or good enough to have a family with." I feel Bella run her hand though my hair and I let out a sigh. "Moving on to a happier subject—do you like being a teacher?" Bella kisses my shoulder and I feel her smile. "I love it. Working with kids is something I always wanted to do." Bella and I take turns talking about our jobs, which make us laugh and smile. I watch her wipe her tears of laughs as she chuckles, telling me stories from her class. I want to kiss her on the lips. It's like I'm drawn to her. I can't fight the pull anymore, and I move forward kissing her lightly. "I thought you needed mistletoe to kiss me?" I chuckle shaking my head at her. "Bella, I plan on kissing you a lot more. I can't go around with mistletoe all year, but I will if you want me to." I smile as Bella moves to me touching her lips back to mine. My hands run up and down her back as she threads her fingers through my hair. I move to lay her flat, and everything goes quiet and dark. "That was some kiss – it blew my fuses," Bella says and I chuckle shaking my head. "You check on the kids, and I'll see if I can fix it. Is the power box in the basement?" "Utility room off the kitchen; there's a flashlight in the drawer right here," she tells me leading me into the dark kitchen. She takes one flashlight and heads off to the kids' room, after showing me the breaker box. I can see that nothing is tripped, so I move to the front door and look out. I make my way back into the house to see Bella lighting some candles. "It looks as if the whole street is out," I sigh griping my hair. "Do you have anything that needs power running right now?" Bella shakes her head as she puts a few candles in safe places. We move back to the living room. I feel a chill run down me as Bella shivers. "Is it me or did it just get really cold?" I open my arms. "Come over here, honey, I'll keep you warm," I say and Bella smiles. "Hold that thought," she says jumping up and walking out the room. She comes back a few minutes later with a couple of quilts and some pillows. She sets them down and snuggles into my side as she places one of the quilts over us. Bella and I sit kissing and chatting. When she tells me my parents are keeping the kids on New Year's Eve, I jump at the chance and ask her to spend it with me. She agrees which leads us to another round of soft kisses. As the sky outside begins to lighten, we continue to talk. We both jump a little when we hear three sleepy voices making their way to us. "Mom, there's something wrong with the lights." "The power is out," Bella replies. "It's been a long time since I did an all-nighter," I say and Bella nods. "Would you like to join us today?" Bella asks as her kids walk in rubbing their eyes. "I would," I say with complete certainty, knowing I'd rather be with her and the children than anywhere else. A/N: The second chapter is written and sent off to the beta, so the next chapter will post soon. there won't be many chapters, but we wanted to give the original one shot a full story feel, which needed to be done outside of Esme's POV. We really hope that you all enjoy this, and stay tuned there are a LOT of things to come from WeeKittyAndTAT this year. There are currently five things in the works that will be posting live soon. See you soon with more, and if you have anything you'd like to see us touch base on with this story, let us know right away, so we can take care of it. (((HUGS))) thanks for reading and reviewing, have a great day!