volunteered to run patrol with Seth so he could run his errands. Time was not abundant these days, he lamented. Between his pack duties and Leah… his Leah ! Just thinking about her still knocked his breath away. He still couldn't believe the peculiarity of their situation, how his thoughts and those of Leah were tied together, knitted almost. Who would have thought that communicating with Leah would climb another notch? It was bad enough that you couldn't hide your thoughts in wolf form but with this new development with his wife even in human form he couldn't get away. Embry stopped dead in his tracks as he picked up his imprints thoughts. She was dreaming again. It was the same one, like her dream was following the same pattern. It started out happy with their imprinting, the wedding and then it would take a turn to her fears, the terror of not being able to conceive. The image of her failure, her inability to stop phasing long enough to get pregnant. It went on and on and, in the end, she would cry out in horror, turning what started out as a regular dream into a nightmare. Embry picked up speed and yelled for Alec to keep running patrol for him. Embry bolted inside the Cullen household, meeting the surprise look from Jake who had Renesmee on his lap with an open book in front of them. "You okay Bro?" Jake asked. "Leah's at it again," he answered over his shoulder, running fast while trying to keep his footsteps as quiet as possible. He let himself inside their temporary room in the Cullen household. As weird as it sounded, two shape shifters had taken refuge in the mansion of their vegetarian neighbors. This, of course, resulted from the unprecedented double imprinting that took place. No one in their tribe could give any logical explanation as to the what, why or how. The extraordinary mating was a total shock to everyone, a unique situation that boggled everyone's mind into silence and deep awe. He found his wife in bed, her face in obvious distress. "Leah, wake up honey. Wake up!" Leah continued thrashing on the bed, moving in a dreamlike state that got Embry a little worried. If I don't wake her up soon, this would turn into the full-blown nightmare, and considering her current state, this is not advisable. Embry thought as he held her on the shoulders, giving her a gentle shake. "Honey, wake up." He repeated one more time. Leah's eyes fluttered open, but she continued talking as the remnants of her dreams persisted even if consciousness was already creeping into her. "Honey, focus please…I'm here, Leah?" Embry repeated calling her name before she finally focused on his face. Beads of sweat trickled from her forehead down to the side of her face. Embry wiped the sweat with the back of his hand and brushed his lips on hers. "Embry, what's going on?" she asked, her face finally relaxing from the after taste of yet another vivid dream. The day loomed closer, and Carlisle's prescribed bed rest drove her up the wall. The inactivity he imposed on her was difficult to bear, but a necessary intervention considering she was carrying the future field goal kicker the NFL was yet to land. As if on cue, the baby kicked hard. Leah lovingly rubbed her engorged belly and thought, your Dad and I are so excited you will be here any day now. Yes, we are . Embry agreed silently as he kissed her forehead and placed his hand on top of hers feeling the tyke kicking like mad. They both laughed. This unparalleled pregnancy along with the unheard of double imprinting stunned them all with a frenzy of questions and uncertainties. The precautionary measures were a sore point for Leah, who in all honesty had never lounged in her life. Carlisle explained that he could only surmise that as a special female shape shifter, she had a unique process to conceive. The sudden halt in phasing confirmed she was ovulating and soon after, to their utter shock and joy, Leah was pregnant. This state of inertia had its ups and downs. It gave her body a chance to adjust to Mother Nature's plan, giving her and Embry the offspring that defied all beliefs that she was unable to bear children: another first among the bizarre twist in their destiny. Who would have known? "Are you hungry honey?" Embry asked when Leah's respiration seemed to have leveled out. She threw him a foul expression synonymous with her never ending mood swings. Embry was still slowly coming to grips with the uncanny change of events hitting them from all directions but took everything in stride. "I just want water…I'm so thirsty," she said and swung her legs to the side of the bed to get up and relieve the pressure on her bladder. She got up with the same agility she'd always moved with, notwithstanding the babe that was scheduled to grace their world any day now. The sound of water splashing and sloshing down on the floor stopped her dead in her tracks. "Oh my…Embry!" She listened to her husband retracing his footsteps with unimaginable speed as he raced back to their bedroom. "What Leah, what's wrong now?" he asked, his heart beating faster as he looked at her ashen face. "Water!" she exclaimed. "I know! That's what I'm getting for you," he answered, a little hint of exasperation in his voice as he studied her face. It didn't make sense to him that she called him back to ask for the same thing again. "No….I think…my water just broke." She cried as they both glanced on the floor where a puddle of clear liquid was visible and traces of water still trickling down her legs. They looked at each other for a second, stunned into one conclusion before they yelled out loud. "Carlisle!" They cried out in unison.