island in the kitchen, I really wanted to open the champagne and the chocolates and just sit and watch the world go by for an hour or so, but I had things to do, traitors to torture and kill, wives to divorce. I smiled at the cheap tacky vase placed next to the worn hamper and wondered what Tanya would think about them. I shook the thought away and made my way to the main door, dropping the lock so no one else could get in. Downstairs Emmett had the car idling for me at the entrance. Paul and Demetri were in the back with James wedged between them. He was still out cold. "How hard did you hit him Emmett?" I asked. "Oh you know," he grinned, "just the normal." We drove across town to my warehouse and carried him across the threshold. Emmett fetched a chair and we soon had him tied to the wooden chair by the wrists, thighs, ankles and chest. "Fetch some cold water, it's time to wake him up." I removed my jacket and shoe and slipped on a pair of coveralls. This was going to get messy. Emmett doused James in cold water and he started to gain conciseness. Slowly he opened his eyes and started to look around. I saw the moment he realised where he was and who was with him. James had been part of my inner circle for a long time and he had been in this warehouse enough to know what happened in here to people who betrayed me or tried to rip me off. "Good afternoon James, how are you?" I was always polite not matter what Miss Swan thought. Why was I thinking about her? I got back to the task in hand. "Boss," he pleaded. "it's all a huge misunderstanding. I never did anything, I just didn't know how to explain the missing cash to you so I panicked, I've found it though!" I nodded, encouraging him to go on. "I have it at home in my closet." James was babbling so fast I was having trouble catching what he was saying, all I really caught was 'closet' and that again made me picture Isabella sitting in the closet of the apartment. I wondered if she had managed to get out yet. "Err Boss are you ok?" Emmett asked and I looked around to see everyone including James staring at me. "So James," I began, slowly. "Why is it in your closet and not in my safe?" I walked towards the bag Emmett had bought in with him and selected two long specially sharpened screwdrivers. "Boss I was going to bring it to you, I just…," Before he could answer, I stabbed a screwdriver through the back of his hand. I heard the bones break and the wood splinter as it went straight through his flesh and into the chair arm, he screamed like a little girl. "For fuck's sake James at least try to come up with a good excuse," I twisted the handle of the tool, watching with detached fascination as blood welled out of the hole I was making. "We both know you thought I'd taken my eye off the ball and I wouldn't notice you lifting 30 grand out of the last four shipments." Even Emmett didn't know it was four deliveries James had shafted me on. I told him about the last two once I was sure about James. "How did you know it was four?" James asked before he realised he'd just confirmed what I'd said. "It's my fucking business to know James," I screamed. "Like it is my business to know you are fucking my wife in my house." He blanched and before he could react I pushed the second screwdriver straight through his right eyeball and up into his brain. I stood back and watched him die. I wasn't bothered about him fucking Tanya. I wasn't really that bothered about the fact it was in my house. No, what really pissed me off was the fact he thought I was too stupid to notice, or that they were so clever they thought I'd never find out. "Get someone in here to clean up," I sighed. I was bone tired now. "Get rid of him," I cocked my head at the body formerly known as James. "Make sure he never reappears." I looked at Paul and Demetri to emphasise my point. "I don't want him ever found, understand?" They both nodded and I stripped off the coveralls and stepped outside to get dressed. Once we were back in the car I called Whitlock. "I have two things for you to do for me." "Yes?" He replied. I wish everyone listened to me as intently as he did. "The divorce papers we have ready?" He murmured that he understood what I was referring to. "Serve them today and make sure she is out of the house before I get home. She signed a pre-nup as you know, but I have proof she was unfaithful so it's null and void." "Are you sure?" he cautioned. "It might be legal but her family still has influence." "I'm sure," I told him. "Give her the car and $100K in cash from my safety deposit box. That should keep her in the style to which she has become accustomed for a while. Cancel all her cards and change the alarm codes on the house." Whitlock and I had talked about this several times so I knew he had everything ready to go. "Second thing I want you to find out everything you can about a Miss Isabelle Swan, she runs a company called Swan Home Finders. I want to know everything about her." "Everything?" he asked. "Everything." I confirmed. "Can I ask why?" "Isabelle Swan will be the next Mrs. Cullen, that's why." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.