the only one that knows Renee and my full story, and I do like him very much. He seems to make Renee come alive and be a happy person again. That's why I put up with Rose, Tanya, and Alec, the three witches. To be fair, Alec isn't as bad as Rose and Tanya, but he's very spoiled and doesn't take no for an answer well. That and ever since he came out and said he was gay, the spoiledness became worse. The rest of the dinner seems to fly by with the chatter all being around the wedding. I look at my watch as I stand alone at Edward's car. I turn and look around seeing Renee with Charlie's family all around her. She looks so happy and they all seem to love her. For that I am happy. The last few years for her have been really hard. She had to give up a lot for me, so I really don't mind that she has a whole new family. I know I'll still see her after the wedding, but I know it won't be as much. I think back to five years ago, when she had come back from college. She was studying to be a doctor. I really couldn't wait to see her. I missed her a lot. We were very close despite the eleven years that separated us. She had just returned back to college, when our parents had died. It took her two days to get to me, but it felt like I was alone for a lifetime. She dropped out, giving up everything to come and look after me. Money was really tight and we lost our parent's house after two years. She worked as much as she could and I worked as many hours as the law would allow, but we just couldn't make ends meet. I really think she couldn't take much more and I thank God he sent Charlie to her. I wipe away the tear I feel on my check. "Are you okay, Isabella?" I drop my head. "I'm fine, Edward, and it's Bella," I say. "I know you don't know me, but if you need to talk, I'm available." I again nod my head at him. "Bella, sweetie, would you mind if I went home with Charlie? I'll get the car back to you before you need to head to your interview." I look at Renee and roll my eyes. "That's fine. I'm a big girl now," I say to her and her smile gets bigger. "You're not that big. Hell, I've seen bigger ten year olds," Edward says walking around his car. "So where am I dropping you off?" Edward asks when I close the car door and he begins to drive. Charlie tells him our address and Edward looks at me in shock. "You live in a trailer park?" I look at Charlie and then to Renee who looks upset and embarrassed. "Yes, we live in a trailer park, that's why Tanya said I was trailer trash, or did you not hear that?" I say angry that he upset Renee. "Charlie, you got some explaining to do. Do Mom and Dad know?" Charlie sighs and nods his head. "Charlie, with your money..." Edward start, but I cut him off. "You better watch what you say. Renee is not after your brother's money! She even fucking signed a lot of papers to protect it! What the hell is wrong with you and your family? Why do you think you have the right to treat people that way, Huh? Just because you would marry for money, doesn't mean everyone else will. Renee loves Charlie. She doesn't give a rat's ass about how much money he fucking has!" I say with all my anger showing, sick of hearing that shit about Renee. Edward looks at me in shock, and then he seems angry. "Well, little girl, if you would've let me finish, you would've heard me say that with all his fucking money, as you put it, he could've had you both in a house safe, not staying in some crappy trailer." I gulp and look away. "Well, after your entire family has said it, I'm a little put on edge." Edward nods his head. "I accept your apology and I apologize on behalf of my family, but they all raved to me about Renee. They know she's not after his money." I look to the ground feeling a little ashamed. Thankfully, Edward pulls up outside of trailer park, so I can finish my crappy night. "Thank you, have a good night, Edward. Night Charlie, and see tomorrow, Renee," I say getting out of the car. It's only a few moment later I feel someone behind me. I turn and see Edward running toward me. "What?" I ask confused. "I'll walk you to your trailer." I roll my eyes. "There's no need." Edward doesn't say anything, but he keeps walking besides me. I let out a breath when I get to the trailer. "Thank you, Edward," I say opening the door. "This is my number. Anytime you need help or don't feel safe, call me." I take Edward's card and nod my head at him. "I mean it, Isabella, you better call me." I frown at the harshness of his voice. I wonder if he thinks he sounds mean. "I will, okay?" Edward nods his head at me. I was so not calling him. "Good night, Isabella, it was very nice to meet you." I watch as Edward walks away shaking my head. The guy is nuts with more personalities than Sybil. I grab a book and lay on my bed reading 'til I fall asleep. Kasi I hope this was up to your standards. Hope you all enjoyed the first chapter! We will be posting a couple times a week. We still need to write out the ending so I want to make sure we give ourselves enough time.