with him." I give Angela a tight smile, thinking he wasn't so bad after all. Where I do find Edward odd, and awkward, he's not so bad, I suppose. I mean, if you think about it, from his point of view, and felt like people were standoffish or talking behind my back, I'm sure I'd come off as awkward as well. He's not nearly as creepy as he is intense. I'll have to make an effort to be a little kinder; he said he doesn't have friends, maybe he just needs one. I get back to the table and see more people have joined my friends. "Hey, Bella, this is Mike," Jessica says from Mike's lap, "and that's Tyler." She adds on pointing at the guy that has Lauren on his lap. "They're friends of Ben's," Angela adds and I smile at each of them before sitting back down on my seat. The night passes and my eyes seem to drift to where Edward's sitting. He seems to be easily hidden off in the dimness of the club. Even without being able to see his eyes I can feel them; he is looking at me. My body and mind seem to be fighting on whether this should scare me or make me feel excited. It's just after two in the morning when we leave. We're all walking down the sidewalk together. There are always a lot of available cabs that hang out around the local bus station. We girls always take a cab home, less chance of being followed. I'm trailing behind a little as Angela walks holding Ben's hand. Jessica's holding Mike's and Lauren is almost walking sideways, wrapped around Tyler. I jump and let out a little squeak, when there's a loud crash of something falling behind me. I turn around, and I can see there is a man on the ground, having tripped over a garbage bag. I chuckle at myself and turn to face forward again. Moments later, and less than ten feet down the sidewalk, I get an odd feeling. The hair on the back of my neck feels like it's standing at attention. I turn around again and just from the corner of my eye I catch someone jumping into a nearby stairwell. I swallow and take deep breath. I feel myself knock into someone and I turn see a woman around my age who's clearly higher than a kite. I can smell the drugs on her clothing and her eyes are very bloodshot. "Hey, watch where you're going lady," she slurs, staggering a little as she's digging through her handbag. I watch her for a couple of minutes and see she's trying to draw the attention of a car to her. It's then I notice her clothing and it's really revealing. I shake my head knowing that she must be a working girl. Just as I turn back around I see someone moving in the shadows. " Wake me up inside," echoes loudly from my purse, making me jump and my heart starts to race. I take a deep breath as the song keeps playing; I close my eyes answering my cell. "Hey, baby, I just wanted to see if you're in a cab yet?" "I'm on the way, but we're not there yet. We're almost to the bus station now," I say with a smile knowing Sam cares deeply for me and my safety "Are you okay, you sound out of breath?" "Yeah, I'm fine, just some guy fell behind me and it gave me a fright," I say, as our group walks into the bus station's side door. "Okay, we're here now. We got to get out front to grab a cab. I'll call you just as soon as I get home," I tell Sam and end the call. We walk out the front door and up toward the small platform. Lauren goes up and requests two cabs from the dispatcher. Our cabs arrive together and the boys seem disappointed that they are not going home with us, but they do cheer up when the girls take their numbers and promise to call them. Our driver drops off Jessica and Lauren first, and then Angela and me. We pay the cabbie, and the grandfatherly man makes sure we get inside before he pulls away. I'm happy to get inside and I kick my shoes off and head for my room. I quickly strip down to my panties and throw on a wife-beater. As soon as I'm in bed, my cell rings. "I was just going to call," I say picking it up. "I was worried, baby. I mean you had three guys with you that you didn't know before tonight." "I'm sorry I worried you." I hear him sigh. "It's okay, baby. So did you enjoy tonight?" "Yes, it was a good time." "I wish you were here with me – then I could watch you sleep." "Sam, that's just a little disturbing," I chuckle out. We carry on talking for a half hour before I'm just too tired to talk anymore. We end the call and I am soon lost in an odd kind of dream where I feel eyes on me. A/N: So what are your thoughts on who the stalker is? Tell us what you think. I know some of you are wondering what happened to Concealed Defense, the story we had said would be our Halloween story. After getting it done, one of our much trusted reader/editors informed us that it was not up to par for our other Halloween stories. It took Nikky and I less than ten days to crunch this new storyline and write it out. The editing of course took a bit longer, but we hope in the end, you'll love it. As for Concealed Defense, watch for it, because it will be starting to post as soon as this is completed. Happy reading, be sure to let us know what you think.