any of you again. Dad was very detailed, showing me mugshots and surveillance photographs of every known associate and relative of the notorious Cullen Mob. Imagine my terror when I discovered that Alice Cullen was my new roommate at boarding school and noticed that mobster Mike Newton just happened to be everywhere I went. For months, I waited to be kidnapped or worse. My mind conjured every horrible scenario a young thirteen old girl could imagine. Then to top it all off, my father essentially abandoned me and left me all alone. Eventually, I was forced to spend all my time with those my father had told me to avoid at all costs. I'm not sure if it was some form of Stockholm Syndrome or what, but I came to love and trust Alice, Eleazar, and Carmen. When I was sixteen years old, I finally had the courage to ask Carmen and Eleazar why I was being kept by the Cullen Family and why my father never contacted me anymore. They explained it all to me. Everything from my father's gambling addiction and his ill-fated bargain with Carlisle Cullen to your supposed "claim" on me. Don't get me wrong, they truly believe we are meant to be and have spent years trying to convince me of some fated connection we had at that restaurant so many years ago, but I don't buy it. Not only are you a criminal, but I've seen over the years how you treat someone you confess to hold so dear. You have given me so many examples of what little regard you truly have for me. You probably don't remember the time when I was a sophomore in high school and I won a statewide literary contest. As part of the prize, I was asked to attend a weeklong writer's conference in Orlando, Florida. My favorite author at the time was the headline speaker and I was beyond thrilled. I couldn't attend though, because "gasp", there would be boys at the conference as well. I was devastated. I also knew who made the decision that I couldn't go. You. It was always you. No hanging out at the mall with Alice and my friends, no leggings, no dances, and let's not even bring up Dartmouth. You smug bastard! Two positives did come out of the Dartmouth incident. Mike Newton officially became "Team Bella" and your aunt and uncle became more lax when it came to your directives. Mike Newton approached me for the first time at a coffeehouse the day I had received my bogus rejection letter from Dartmouth. I was quietly sobbing into my tea when he came over and asked me what was wrong. I was so pissed that he had the nerve to speak to me and I went off! I informed him that I knew exactly who he was and who he worked for. I released four years of pent up frustration on his old ass. We ended up talking for hours. That was the beginning of our now pseudo grandfather and granddaughter relationship. Eleazar and Carmen also developed a soft spot in their hearts for me over the years. They were both so disappointed in your decision regarding Dartmouth that they tried to make up for it by allowing me more freedom. I was finally able to do simple things like picking out my own clothing, wearing makeup, and going on a weekend ski trip with my girlfriends. I've also heard Eleazar and Carmen argue quite frequently over your lack of respect for me and Carmen has mentioned her disgust in your "man-whoring" ways more than once. Even your relatives realize what a dick you are. And that brings us to this week. I will admit that I probably used Jake just as a way to rebel against you and your fucking rules, but what do you expect? I am 19 years old and I have never been on a date before! Jake is a sweet guy and I wanted to go to the poetry reading. Why couldn't we go together? But once again, you ruined everything. I begged Eleazar and Mike not to tell you, but they said they couldn't keep something this big from you. I think Mike was willing to keep quiet, but Eleazar still has his delusions that you and I are destined to be together one day. He said it was wrong for another guy to taint what we have. What about all the sluts you are banging? What a fucking double standard. Carmen knew you would come straight for me once you learned about my date, so she helped me persuade Eleazar to leave late last night before you arrived. I begged him for the opportunity to finish college before being settled into marriage. I promised that I would willingly come to you after graduation and that I would never go out on a date again. All it took was a few tears before Eleazar bought that load of shit and relented. I told Mike about our plans and he readily agreed to help. I think what he said exactly was "anything for my Dolce." No one knows I left this letter for you, but I just wanted a chance to make a few things clear. I will be finishing my college career and more than likely it will be at a co-ed school full of young, hot guys. I will then graduate and I will not be marrying your sorry ass. I will go on to have a career in education like I've always wanted. I will date whoever I want. I will screw whoever I want. I will eventually marry whoever I want. It's time. Time for you to realize that starting today, I control my own life and my own future. So fuck you, Edward Cullen. So Not Yours, Bella Swan A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.