clue-free crime scene. What did you think I would do?" "I'm just glad you're safe. They do know Cutthroat Conny is the culprit, but they can't prove it." "Overprotective fool!" Bella exclaimed from behind her own computer screen. "Oh, the best news. Jasper just sent over the info he got with that reader you dropped off yesterday from the second chip in Alice. It's good he has no idea what that list of numbers means. He might have been tempted to keep it to himself to pay for Alice's trinkets. That cat is spoiled rotten, and she's only been there for two weeks!" A knock sounded on the office door, and Felix stepped inside, closing the door behind him. "Detectives Jacob Black and Eric Yorkie are here and wish to speak to you regarding any dealings you might have had with a James Hunter," he said loudly with a smirk. He went on in a whisper. "Jacob is a blabbermouth who can't keep secrets; just let him yap on and he'll give you hints galore. Now, Eric is looking like he's fresh from the academy. Green as grass and staring at Jacob like he hung the moon." He got the nod to let the detectives in and disappeared to the hall. Both Edward and Bella closed out their email accounts and cleared their browser histories. The door opened again, and a fairly large Native American man dressed in a cheap suit stepped in like he owned the place. Greedy eyes looked around the unremarkable place. The kitchen chair was replaced by two simple leather chairs, the bolt holes covered by a modern rug complementing the colors of the room. A short Asian American boy stepped hesitantly inside, following the long black ponytail of his senior. Jacob flashed his badge and introduced himself. "Detective Jacob Black, homicide, and this is my partner Eric Yorkie." The smaller detective flashed his badge too. "We're here today to ask you some questions regarding James Hunter." Edward leaned back in his chair, one eyebrow raised and a lopsided smile on his face. He calmly studied both detectives and slowly rose to his feet, buttoning his jacket. He stuck out his right hand about one third of the way over his desk. Jacob had to reach to shake his hand after he scrambled to his feet again because, after his introduction, he unceremoniously plopped into the nearest chair. "Nice to meet you, gentlemen. Now, can you tell me how you came here because I've never heard the name you mentioned before," Edward said, sitting down again and gesturing for the detectives to sit down. He never introduced Bella, or himself, and his presence had so far taken up all of the detective's attention. "Well, I find that highly suspect because Mike told me he had seen the man in these offices some months ago." "Did he now? The name is foreign to me. Do you have a picture? He might have given a false name when he came." Detective Yorkie rifled through a file folder and handed over a mug shot taken a few years earlier. Edward intently looked at the picture and then turned to Bella. "What do you think? Did this ugly character ever come here?" Bella stood up and walked around his desk to take a closer look. Jacob followed her every move with a look in his eyes that didn't much differ from the ones James had thrown at her. Edward leaned back, his jaw locked and eyes blazing. It took all of his restraint to remain somewhat affable. Bella took her time, slowly walking back to her seat and directly addressing Edward, and said, "I remember him but that was at least six months ago. I can't remember the name he gave us, but it wasn't James Huntley, I'm quite sure about that. He didn't qualify for a line of credit because he had outstanding debts already in several casinos around town." "Hunter not Huntley," the disappointed voice of Jacob spat at Bella. Turning his attention back to Edward, he shrank back in his chair but continued. "Are you always dependent on your secretary for identification of your clients?" "Excuse me! Are you always a rude dog to your witnesses?" Edward said in a freezing tone. His eyes still held Jacob pinned to his seat. "I don't care for your intrusion into my day any longer. If you can't behave yourself, I'll have to call the commissioner to file a complaint. Or, I can simply tell him during our golf game next Wednesday. Now, good day. I'm no longer inclined to remember anything for you." Edward held up his arm and waved them out of his office. His foot on the call button for the boys. Felix immediately stepped inside, his back to the open door. "If the gentlemen will follow me," he said with a small bow of his head and a wide arm movement ending with him pointing out of the door. Detective Yorkie scrambled to his feet and shot out of the room. Jacob slowly rose, with a wink to Bella, and sauntered out of the room. Calling over his shoulder, "This isn't over, Cullen. We know where to look." Edward rolled his eyes at the empty threat and turned to Bella, who replaced her demure expression with a devious smile. "Edward, Jacob has just cooked Mike's goose. It's obvious the two know each other. What do you think? Freak accident in a couple weeks? Something involving a rat and a dog." "I agree, love. Jacob is shooting blanks. And, yes, but take your time. I'll make sure he's removed from this investigation, and a month after that happens, you can do your thing. I know you need some challenge now that your calling card made life boring, according to you. "But first, strip! You know the drill." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.