come to my back office?" Carlisle asks. That's when I realize everyone is watching me, including some of their men. I nod and follow him to his office. "Have a seat on the couch." I sit in the middle seat. Jasper sits on my left and Edward sits on my right. What the hell did I get myself into? Carlisle and Marcus pull the two chairs in front of the desk over to face us. I feel like we're a bunch of naughty kids who just got caught doing something we weren't supposed to. I feel Edward's hand brush across mine, sending a shock of warmth through my entire body. I put both of my hands in my lap. "What should we do?" Carlisle asks Marcus. I tug on my dress, somewhat nervous. "I messaged Charles, he should be here soon." "You called my dad?" I nearly choke. Now I really feel like I'm in trouble. Just as I asked, a light knock sounded on the door. Marcus answers it, "Charles, thank you for joining us. Come in." "What's going on?" my dad asks, looking to all of us. "What's going on is Edward has asked for arrangements to be made with him instead." Marcus says. I know my eyes are wide as I turn to look at Edward. He's already watching me, no smiles or joking around. He looks very serious. "Fuhgeddaboudit!" Jasper shouts, making me jump. "Jasper," Marcus throws him a cold stare and Jasper's jaw clenches. "It seems, Charles, that Edward and Isabella met before today. They apparently met at church." Carlisle and Marcus both give Edward a disbelieving look. "Yes, I remember seeing them sitting together in the back," my dad says. I wasn't aware he'd seen that. Either way, we never actually spoke to each other. "Told you I wasn't lying," Edward says. "I thought everything was final. Isabella is to marry Jasper," my dad says. Carlisle shrugs, "We've discussed everything with Aro. He sees no problem with Isabella marrying Edward, just as long as she becomes a Cullen. Nothing is final between Jasper and Isabella." "This is bullshit!" Jasper stands. "She's supposed to be with me." "Have you proposed?" Marcus asks. "You know I haven't, but I plan to." I can't help but look back to Edward. He's watching me again; his hand reaches up and he starts twirling my hair around his fingers. "What do you want, B?" he asks. It's the first time anyone has asked that. What do I want ? Jasper seems to be talking my father's ear off and he's nodding along. "Isabella, I promised your hand in marriage to Jasper Cullen, not Edward Cullen." "Isabella, please, I'm not mad at you. I can forget all of this ever happened," Jasper says coming back to me. "Can you ?" Edward asks me. "You fucking bastard, stop touching her," Jasper growls. I stand up and push past all of them. I can't take all of the yelling, the questions, the stuffiness; it's all becoming too much. I don't stop until I'm outside in the back yard. "Are you alright?" Esme asks, I didn't even see her at first. "My boys can be quite the handful. Are they giving you a choice?" Of course she knows. "My father says Jasper. Carlisle and Marcus don't exactly care." "Oh, they do, they just don't know how to show it. I know you've only known my boys a week, but who does your heart want?" "Aren't you worried about me tearing them apart?" "I am, but they're big boys; they'll learn to get over it," she says and then waits for her earlier question to be answered. Who does my heart want? Jasper is sweet, kind and he listens really well. He feels good to be around, it's easy. Being with him would be the easiest thing in the world. Edward... ignites something crazy inside of me. He's passion, danger, excitement, caring and honesty, sort of; I mean, we both gave different names, but he does, strangely, make me feel safe. I want his extraordinary touch, setting me ablaze. Neither is forgettable, sure; but there's one that will always be seared into my mind forever. "You have this dreamy look in your eyes, one of them got to you bad," Esme laughs, making me smile. "Yeah, one of them really did." "So does that mean you've made up your mind?" "I don't want to go against or hurt anyone." "We're all adults here; well, maybe not Emmett." She pauses and smiles, "He's a bit immature but, everything will work out how it's supposed to. I'll help in any way I can," she nudges my arm, making me smile again. "B?" I hear from the door. "Yeah?" I straighten up. Esme smothers a laugh, "I'll be inside if you need anything," she pats my shoulder. "I know all of this is insane," he says after his mom is gone. "And maybe I'm insane, but you're all I can think about. You've been stuck in my head, the way you make me feel. I am willing to risk everything to find out if you're it for me, I just need you to give me a chance." "My dad..." I don't know why I have to hide behind him, I shouldn't. "I talked it out with Charles. He's willing to wait. Please, just give us a chance?" He touches my jaw. "I know you feel it, too." "It scares me." "Me, too. It scares the hell out of me and Edward Cullen doesn't get scared." I look back to the house, and I can see the others waiting inside through the window. He's made me feel more alive in one night, with one kiss, than I've ever felt in my entire eighteen years of life; and I longed to live . "Okay, I'll give us a chance." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.