want one of your daughters? Stand up to him with me, show him that this is YOUR town, and he and his misfits have out stayed their welcome. If we band together, we will win." The townsmen just look at me. I hear a pain-filled cry as Carlisle pulls Charlie up and puts a rope around his neck. "They are weak and will never stand by you, Masen," Carlisle says. "You're wrong, because I will," Bella says pointing her father's gun at Carlisle. Carlisle looks at her and laughs. "Put that away before you get hurt." "You and your hat are the only ones that'll get hurt," Bella says firing a shot. She's a dead aim and his hat flies off his head. "We will stand up to you and your friends." "And we will stand with them!" Carlisle jumps and turns to see Jacob and his pack of ten men standing around the town. "This doesn't concern you, Indian; go home to your tribe." "This is our land, white man – it does concern us." "WE have to stand up to these people. Our friends are willing, this stranger is willing, why won't you? This is our town and about time we took it back," Bella states. The townspeople start to mutter. "You should leave, Carlisle," the shopkeeper says as he slowly draws his gun. "Leave," another yells. Slowly, one by one, they all raise their weapons, and I can see in Carlisle's face that he knows he's out numbered. "I'll not forget this," Carlisle says pulling Charlie up on the tree to hang him. Bella runs to her father and I'm right behind her. Just as we get to him an axe flies past my head cutting the rope dropping Charlie to the ground. He's gasping for breath as I look him over and Bella cradles him. "Carlisle's making his getaway, if you plan on stopping him, Cub, we should go now." I look to Jacob and nod. "I'll be back for supper," I say with a wink. I run jumping on Rusty and move off after Carlisle. I am only a little way out when I'm fired at. Jacob and his tribe take out guys as I come face to face with Carlisle. "You should've stayed with your little wife." I quickly fire as he does. I feel a sting in my shoulder as Carlisle falls to the ground. I move over to Carlisle who's trying to crawl away. "You should never have threatened my wife," I say before shooting him. Jacob and his tribe help me to bury all of the now dead gang. "Thank you," I say shaking Jacob's hand. "No problem, Cub." I tilt my head trying to work out why he calls me that. "You run as fast as a cheetah, spring like a tiger, and have the same courage as a lion, but you're young not full grown." I chuckle shaking my head. "I'm older than you, my friend." Jacob chuckles and I wince as the pain in my arm starts to increase. "I think I need to see Doc about this." "Doc Mike is a fine man, but I hear he likes to cut things off, you'd be better with our healer. Go home to your wife and I'll come by." I look at him as he smirks walking away. I make my way to the inn, and I'm not even in the door before Bella's in my arms sobbing. "I'm here, my sweetheart," I say before kissing her deeply. "I've spent weeks getting beaten all in my daughter's name, so if you don't mind, could ya stop kissing her like that in front of me?" I move to Charlie and swallow, it's clear he's only a few years older than me. "Sir, I swear I will not hurt her." I turn looking at Bella and I finally see my home. I find it odd that my home is a person and not a place. "I'm in love with her," I say and Bella's eyes sparkle. "I love you, too." "Well, that saved me from shootin' your ass once I'm able to stand," Charlie mutters. "Bells, you should look over his shoulder before Doc gets here, and make sure that crazy fool doesn't cut anything off." Once Charlie is settled taking a nap, Bella helps me into the bath and gently washes me. She then gives me a strong drink before removing the bullet in my shoulder. She pours some of the drink on it to clean it out before closing it. "Where do we go now?" Bella asks softly. "You're staying here; this is your home." Bella pales and I know she thinks I'm gonna leave her. "Besides, I hear this town is in need of a sheriff." Bella hugs me and I pull her to me. We stop when we hear Jacob come in with the tribe Medicine woman Esme. She looks over Charlie then me. I watch as she smiles clearly happy with Bella's work. "It's a good thing you are staying. You will have your hands full, make sure she takes it easy and I'll be close when the time comes." "What?" "Your wife is with child." I look at her then to Bella. I know I was her first, the blood that was in the bed tells me that, but it's only been a few days so how can she know. "The Spirit Gods told me. They also said you were coming and that she is your home." She smiles walking away from me. That night I take my wife to bed as Esme's words play in my mind, and I smile happily knowing I finally found my true home. A/N: Be sure to go check out the other entries in the contest. Jess2002 wrote "my Life is a Taylor Swift Song" and TeamAllTwilight took second place with "Southern Star." Please let me know what you think of this story and thanks for reading and reviewing.