back. He holds the chair up as he leans it, while dancing and grinding against me. He moves from my view point, but I can still feel the thrum of the music. My heart seems to have joined the thrumming and the butterflies are twirling, too. He reappears and moves up and down my body thrusting his hips. He moves so he is straddling my face, and I groan when I can feel the hardness of his bulge. I am stunned by his clear partial erection, but I am more surprised by my ability to not grab him and pull him closer. In fact, I am so turned on that I am unsure how I am keeping my hands to myself, or stopping myself from thrusting up against him. His moves are swift and precise. I am not surprised that he has picked me up again, this time I am hanging upside down. I lock my arms, one around each of his legs. I can feel his soft, yet hard body next to mine. I look at his crotch and gape at the large outline of his manhood, and moan suddenly when I feel his face rub against my pants between my legs. Oh why do I have pants on? It would feel so good to have his mouth touching me like this. He brings me out of my dirty inner thoughts by bringing my legs together and over his shoulder. Releasing my grip on the chair, he first lifts me up and then slides me down his body. Yet again, I get to feel just how soft, hard, smooth, and sexy his body feels. He clasps the back of my head, and pulls me close to him. I stop breathing, forgetting this is a dance. I look from his eyes to his lips. "Later," he mouths. He spins me around and pushes my body over so that my hands are flat on the floor. He clasps my hips and grinds his crotch against my leather covered ass. I feel his hands slide around my tummy, and the feeling he is stirring in me makes me feel a little dizzy. He pulls me up and makes me face him as he lowers me slowly down to the stage floor. He looks at me, and caresses himself, and then moves closer to run his hands over and down my body. He positions himself between my legs, by moving them apart with his knee. As his hands run back up my body, he moves his hips between my legs, leaving no space between our bodies. "You doing okay?" he mouths moving his head next to mine. "Yes." His nose runs around my cheekbone, and then making sure I can see his lips, he mouths, "Implant, left, right, or both?" "Right," I mouth glancing to my right side. He nods and lifts me up, and flips me over. I am face down and he grabs my hips lifting me to my hands and knees. His hand goes to the left side of my head, and his fingers lace through my long hair. He pulls my hair, moving my head back, and arching my back as his hips thrust against me again, pulling my hair just enough to make me see stars. My eyes move to the corner, and his green eyes hit me, the lust in them seems to have heated up during the dance. The next few minutes go by with him flipping my body around, and placing me in several different positions as he simulates sex. He picks me back up and I lock my legs around his waist as he thrusts. This time, he grips my hip and pushes me down on to each and every thrust. I swear his not-so-little guy keeps getting bigger each time he moves his body or mine. The song comes to an end, and he winks at me and places me back on my feet. He keeps a hold of me, making sure I am steady. I feel Rose clasp my hand and I look at her to see she's grinning widely. "Did you enjoy that much as I did?" She signs and I nod at her. She pulls lightly on my hand and we make our way off the stage. I look for Alice who's back in her seat, but looks like she's had enough. "Rose," I call out, knowing she'll hear me. "I'm going and need you to help cover, so I can get Alice out of here," I sign. Rose looks at me and then to Alice and puts her thumbs up. I hold out my wrist and look at my watch. Pointing to it, I talk out loud to her. "It'll be a quarter to, in five-four-three-two-one," I say and look up at her. I see she, too, is looking at her watch. She looks up at me and I sign to her, "I will escape with her in five minutes, you control cougar momma." I nod and move away from Rose and take my seat beside Alice. I keep my eyes trained on both Rose and the time. About three minutes later, Rose drags Tanya off to the dance floor. Tanya seems quite happy dancing with the male strippers who are dancing with the ladies in the crowd. I no longer see Edward, but I wonder if he is out there among the women. Looking back at my watch, I know it's time to get Alice out of here. "Let's get out of here," I sign to Alice, who nods at me right away. I grab my bag and our jackets. Taking one last look at the dance floor, I see Tanya has some poor stripper in her clutches. I giggle and start to pull Alice with me as we make a run for it. A/N: So there it is, the start of our new story. Please tell us your thoughts, because we can't wait to hear them all!