part of me, knows that this girl has led a hard life herself and having a young baby will make it harder—and Bree here is also not a healthy baby. I am going to try to be optimistic; I know in my heart that the girl, well now woman, who wants to adopt her, would take care of Bree. One thing's for certain, she clearly loves this little girl." Tanya picks up her belongings and heads for the door. "See you on Monday, Edward." With that she walks out of the room. "Hey baby, I'm sure it will work out for you, if it doesn't, then I'll help find someone for you even if I have to take you home to my parents. Hell, I think that is a great idea, my parents would love you." I place her back in her crib before carrying out the tests that need to be done. I clock out and head home to have a lackluster TV dinner and watch some meaningless television. I am sitting and watching the MTV Music Awards seeing that Isa picks up two spaceman-shaped statues. I tilt my head and look at the TV as she picks up her second one. I see that she does look a lot like Bella, but Bella's much prettier. I remember Isa from the Disney show Alice, my little sister, watched. She was too old to be watching it, but she liked the leading male on the show, Jasper Whitlock. So I was, of course, made to watch it when I was home during my breaks, too. I will say Isa has turned from an awkward young girl to a very beautiful woman. I sigh and switch off the TV and head to bed knowing that I will have to deal with Alice tomorrow. I wake to a loud pounding on the door. I stumble my way to the door, still tired as someone continues to beat on my door loudly. I open the door and see Alice standing there. "I'm sleeping; do whatever it is you want, just keep the noise down. Here's my card," I say as I hand her my credit card. I walk sleepily back to my bed and I am asleep before I hit the bed. I wake up some hours later and walk into my living room and stop dead. It looks more like a club. "Alice … what the hell, it's a few people over for drinks; what is all of this?" Alice rolls her eyes at me. "It's a party and you need lights, balloons, and banners at a party." I tilt my head at her. "What, are you five?" I ask pulling the balloons away from her. "Don't be mean, Edward," she says pulling it back. "Write down a list of who's coming so I can let Emmett know how much food to make. Oh and you're taking me to the cinema next week, Jasper has a new film out." I roll my eyes at her; she really needs to get rid of this crush, it's been seven years. "What's the movie about?" I ask. I turn when Alice doesn't say anything, and I see she's in dreamland. I slap her arm. "Alice, you are twenty-four, stop acting like you're still a teen." Alice sticks her tongue out at me. "Yeah, well at least I'm not in my thirties." I glare at her and pour myself a cup of coffee. "I'm only thirty-one." Alice nods. "So, meet any nice nurses or doctors yet?" I roll my eyes as she starts to try getting info out of me. "No," I say honestly. I can't help the smile on my face when I think about Bella. "But, there is someone?" she asks as I chuckle. She was too nosey for her own good. "Yes, but she's young, so I don't know," I tell her. "Who cares? Age doesn't matter. Tell me everything! What's her name? Does she work at the hospital? Is she pretty? How old is she? Did she go to school around here? Do I know her?" She doesn't stop asking questions till I cover my ears. "Oh my God, shut up. Even if I knew all the answers, I wouldn't tell you," I reply as she continues to pout. "Why are you so mean to me?" "I'm not being mean," I say standing up to get more coffee. "I have things to do." "I need that list!" "I need a shower," I say walking away laughing. It was so easy to get my little sister all worked up. A/N: As we said above this is a birthday story for Savannavansmutsmut, and TODAY, the 24 th of October is her birthday. Happy Birthday, to our fandom friend. Well this is the first time the three of us have written together with the intent to actually post, so we really hope that you all enjoy this story. We will do our best to answer each and every review we get. At this time the length of this story will be somewhere between 15-20 chapters at completion. The story is not quite completed, but we are currently starting Chapter 12 at the same time as wrapping up our work on chapter 11. With that being said at this time, not counting todays starting post, our posting schedule will be: Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Chapter two will post tomorrow on Friday and three on Monday, and so on. Thanks for joining us on this journey. We hope that you enjoy the story. Nikky, Jess and Kasi~ On a side note the Twi-Fic awards are accepting votes now and WeeKittyAndTAT (2 of the 3 writers of this story) are nominated for several awards for four of their stories: His Cimmerian View, Diamond Dolls Kitty Cave, Crabs And Cream, and Meeting Her Needs. Please go check out the nominations and vote for your favorites... the website address is on the profile page for this profile and WeeKittyAndTAT's profile.