picture of him, and even videotaped him lying there with piss-covered pants. "It was funny and he became such a stupid old man." It was clear after that day Eleazar was ill—too ill to work any longer. I took over after that day and ran stuff. All those stupid little fucked-up companies that he helped out and loved so much – I started yanking money from accounts and foreclosing on them. I was going to close each and every one down. I was going to bank on the profits of them and I did. The day I was told he died, I was so happy. My happiness lasted until we attended the reading of his fucking will. The stupid bastard left Isabella everything. He mentioned me, but only to ask me to help and advise her. I shake my head hearing the stupid girl stutter and ask ME ... ME to help her. Fuck, she was so stupid, like I wanted to help her; I tried to off her, before she was born. It took me less than a day to get the board to see that having an eighteen-year-old girl in charge was not a good idea. The only problem was Renee, so I sent her away to another branch claiming there was some big problem she needed to fix. There really was a problem there, but it was one that I caused to get her out of my way. "You never banked on the two of them meeting, did you?" I roll my eyes, there was no way I would've put Edward Cullen and Isabella Swan together as a couple. "It would have worked if Mike would've just listened to me. He was so stupid he couldn't keep her distracted until I was done doing what I needed to," I sigh. "I know it's my own stupidity and fault for asking a teenager to do it—he was always dumping the girls if they said no to him fucking them—but come on, I was fucking him whenever he needed a real woman!" "Yes, and you gave him a lovely STD." I sigh and turn watching my fucking downfall, which seems to show me in a slow progression the rest of my life and how terrible it turned out. "Why is it when I'm in pain or being hurt you had to drag it out?" I ask wanting to know the reason for the way this part of my life is played out for me to see. "It does not go any faster or slower than the rest of your life, it's just because you don't want to see it." I watch as I spend fifteen years in prison, before Kathrine Marcus was brought into my cell. "Now that wacko is who truly belongs in hell," I say pointing at her. "Why?" "She killed me!" I say incredulously—is this guy as thick as a block of wood. "You tried to kill her because she sat in your chair. She never meant to hurt you, and it was all done in self-defense. As for where she belongs in the afterlife, she'll see her own existence for her judgment when it's her time." I watch as I'm shown my funeral – no one showed up. The friends I thought I had never came. No one wanted to be linked to me and I had no family. I tilt my head. "Who paid?" I ask, knowing someone must have paid for my funeral, because it was not some crappy state cemetery, and they certainly don't give out headstones freely. Gustavo just looks at me. "Someone who had more compassion in her small pinky finger than you gave to everyone you ever encountered throughout your entire existence. This is where we end," he snaps his fingers and we're back to the hallway. I swallow seeing a door in front of me. "Where does that lead to?" I ask as I point at the door feeling a little scared for the first time in my life. "This is where you'll spend the afterlife. Walk forward and knock." I nod at him and move to it, I stop before knocking and turn back. "Will I see you again?" Gustavo shakes his head. "No, where you are going I'm not allowed." After he stops talking, he looks to the ground before looking back up at me. "You could've really been someone great. You have the brains to have done so well in life, but you allowed your hate and greed to dictate how you led your life." Before I can reply he turns and disappears. The hallway goes dark and all I can see is the door. Slowly, I raise my hand and knock on it. It opens with a creak and I feel the tears dropping down my face. I already know that this door doesn't lead to heaven. Even knowing my eternity is damned, I still can't bring myself to regret anything I did. I just wish I'd done it better. ~THE END~ A/N: We hope this has answered the questions you had about why Tanya was facing the death penalty, and how she became the evil nasty person she was. This was a much different kind of thing for us, we normally strive for a HEA, but neither of us could find it in our hearts to give her a HEA, so we went with a HEA for our own hearts and minds where she was concerned. There will be a very large one shot posting for Halloween in just a month, we are so excited to see what you all think of it. We may post it as a multi chapter with around 15 chapters and post one a day. This will be our annual Halloween story and this year it is called Concealed Defense. Thank you all to our wonderful readers and fans who follow us, read, review and pimp out our stuff. See you all soon with more. Nikky and Kasi~