went to help Esme as she done our room. After three days everything was done and everyone was leaving. I just winked at the trees to let Edward know we were leaving. He is going to be lighting the fire with flint to spark the flammables. He will then run and meet us at Jaspers ranch in a couple of days. He will be running on foot as he is much faster than most vampires and we run faster than cars. At the ranch Jasper's POV "Bella, darlin'. Do you truly want me to change you?" "Fuck yeah babe." "Bella, watch the bad fucking language. ouch Carlisle you dumbass, move out of the way!" I looked at Bella who was laughing at Esme's verbal shit run. I have to admit it was a little funny to listen to. We heard her mumbling something about doing as told not as she does. Yeah… not fucking likely. You are on Whitlock land now. If you need to cuss then do it. But I do draw the line of people doing it just because they can. Excitement and anger are two emotions that can have you cussing like a sailor. "Esme, at this ranch we can cuss sweetheart, but we just can't go doing it for the hell of it." "Alright, Jasper. At least you have guidelines" "Yep. And I have to go hunt so I can change my mate. So while I go eat could you possibly fix something for my dusty little angel, please Esme?" "Gladly Jasper, I love to cook you know this." "Yes, but once she goes in to her change, you won't know what to do with yourself, will you? At least you can cook up the rest of the food and drop it in town at the homeless shelters or leave it with the old guys and women in the cardboard homes in the allyway. They will appreciate it" I turned my attention back to my mate, she in turn was staring at… my ass? Hmmm, is she horny? I opened up my gift and sorted through all the emotions. The strongest ones are love, desire and lust. She is getting hornier every second. Well, I should go feed, then I can take care of the problem for her. I walked over to her and kissed her goodbye and went off to hunt. I know she is safe in the hands of the family, and our best friend is still here with us and he would never let anyone hurt her. I got out into the trees and came across some deer, I drained two of them and then ran towards home. I crossed a scent of another female vampire. It wasn't Alice, so it isn't too bad, yet. I followed it to see a small figured woman sitting on a large boulder. She sensed me and crouched. "Don't worry, I will not hurt you, this is my land, I own it. I was hunting when I smelt your scent trail, so I thought it best to check it out." "Oh, sorry." She stood up from her crouch, but remained wary. "My family is back at my home, you are welcome to come and meet them. I can get Esme, our mother to run here so you can be introduced first if you like. You really have no need to fear us, but I must get back. I have to turn my mate." "Is she not already vampire?" "No, and I wasn't ready to accept it for some time thanks to my old companion's deceit and lies." "I think I will trust you enough to come to the house. I can always get away if I need to." So we ran back and got to the house within seconds. But what we got home to was fucked up. Alice was trying to get to my mate, she had lunged at her but Rose jumped up and pounced on Alice. I saw her restrain her the way I taught her, then the visitor spoke: "That is a move I haven't seen since my sire taught me and I last used it." I quirked a brow and she chuckled a little "later" I accepted that and I tossed Alice outside. I then told Rose to make sure she is dismembered and her pieces stored separately for safe keeping. She isn't to be put back together till she learns to not kill members of the family. Edward flew inside and stopped short when he saw the female beside, but slightly behind me. He walked at a human pace towards us and stood next to me. "So, what did I miss?" "Oh, well Alice tried to kill Bella, Rose blocked her and is seeing to her punishment now. I found someone on my land after I hunted. She stepped forward then. "Hi, my name is Dani J. Ex-general to Maria of the south since before 1862." She turned her head around looking at everyone. Then her eyes landed on Edward's, we all heard the intake of breath from them both. I think Edward just found his mate, fuck yeah. I looked over at my mate and walk over to her and sat with her in my lap. "You alright baby, sorry I took so long, as you see, I ran in to…" And then it hit me, Maria of the south. Ex-general. FUCK. "Dani, you said you were with Maria since before my time, so does this mean she is your sire also?" "Yes, so you are in fact my little brother." "Well, at least I know whose reputation she trained and broke me to overshadow. Fuck that cunt should die, the shit she caused all of us vampires." "Yeah, well you see, she died while in the midst of an orgasm. And no, I will not explain how it happened. But I wasn't part of the sexual act in any way. Ewww, no way will I touch her like that."