killed my family and then they wanted me to marry you? What is wrong with you, you sick fuck," she screamed as she swung. "Did you think I was dead? No one came looking for me, I was your family for over twenty years and now I'm nothing?" She took the bat to his face, and I saw a few molars fall to the floor. "You wanted to cum in your pants the night I shot Edward? Are you cumming in your pants now while I beat the hell out of you?" she sneered, and Caius mumbled through his probably broken jaw. "Don't even try to talk to me, you creep. You started coming in my room when I turned thirteen. I was to be your wife, you said. As a Volturi I was expected to do things, unfathomable things, but no more. You have no more control over my life, because yours is over." Seeing Isabella like this was sexy and it made me want her even more, but it also made my heart tingle in a way I wasn't accustomed to. She had been hurt and betrayed but I swore in this moment, she would never know betrayal again. "Marry me," I cooed in her ear while she dragged her knife down Caius's arm, causing him to bleed all over the floor. "Now that's my kind of proposal. We might have to change it up for the kids later, but I'll take it." She smirked and mimicked her movement on his other arm. "That a yes?" I grinned as she started to carve her name into his thigh. "That's a hell yes, Cullen." She handed me the knife and stepped back to lean against the wall. "This is for Peter," I whispered in Caius's ear as I slit his throat. While he bled to death, I took Isabella's knife and carved the IRA symbol into his forehead. His death was retribution for the cause. It wouldn't bring Peter back, but he'd been avenged. "Leave him where they'll find him, quickly if possible," I ordered Brady and Embry. They'd be getting major bonuses from me when the time came. "Let's go, Isabella." We'd gone straight to Tiffany's, where Isabella had picked out a modest four carat princess cut ring in platinum. I wanted to go bigger but she threatened me with her knife. Then we made our way home and didn't resurface the rest of the week. News of Caius Volturi's death spread like wildfire and it was rumored that every Volturi member, young or old, whether in the States or in Italy, would be coming to New York for the funeral. That was our plan. Isabella had told me that when Aro's mother had died, the same procedure had been followed. Every member of the family, blood or extended, had to be in attendance. Anyone who didn't show, ended up at the bottom of the Hudson. This way there would be no more grudges, no more paybacks, no more looking over our shoulders. The Volturi family was going to be eliminated in the biggest organized crime massacre known to man. The day started gloomy and ominous, the sky dark and dismal looking as a storm brewed in the distance. Isabella and I had many plans to finalize. First we'd found out that the local priest hadn't been good enough for Aro Volturi, so none of the church members would be in attendance. He'd brought special people in from Italy to oversee his son's funeral. Next, we spoke to the Father and church budget committee and offered to rebuild and pay for any damages that were to occur. The Holy Father wasn't very impressed by our proposal, but he was less impressed with the Volturi crime syndicate as a whole. After that, Emmett and Jasper wired the entire church with C-4, with a remote trigger. We watched from a cafe across from the church, not hiding, but in plain sight, as the lower members arrived, drug dealers and cookers of meth, then the higher ups. Isabella grabbed onto my hand when Demetri and Felix made their way into the church. I knew she wanted to warn them to stay away as they had saved her before, but I couldn't have any loose ends and she knew that. When Marcus and Aro arrived, they spotted Isabella at once. Marcus made a move to step towards her, but Aro stopped him in his tracks. I lifted a hand to wave at them, letting them know she was with me, and smirked as they walked to their deaths. We gave it another ten minutes before we left the cafe and made our way to a smaller chapel across town. There, Isabella and I were married on the day the Volturi fell, once and for all. When we made it to our hotel room for the evening, it was all over the news. The Volturi family was all dead. According to the news, it seemed that the church had scheduled plans for renovation for that day, many months prior. When the abrupt funeral had taken place, no one thought to check on the plans. It was a tragic accident in which not a single member, young or old, of the Volturi family had managed to crawl out of the burning and crumbling church. Rumors about the Cullen involvement in the Volturi deaths were rampant, especially after it came out that Isabella had married me. Sadly for those rumors, we had solid alibis and nothing could be proven otherwise. Isabella curled into me, still in her wedding dress, as we watched the footage of the burning building. The Volturi had paid with their lives for what they had done to both of our families. Now, we were one family. Together, we had become something stronger, something fearless, something that no one else would cross. A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.