he says and I pout as Bella pulls away from me. "Sorry, Tony," she says with a grin. He sighs and rolls his eyes at her and I look around the room seeing that our family and friends are all chuckling at my display with Bella. "Mom, Dad, we're all here to help you celebrate. We all know that Mom didn't get a big wedding and has since been busy raising a family. Mom, you helped Dad when he took over the practice and other things that have come along the way. Dad and us, your family, thought you deserved a special day, you both do," he says looking my way, too. "So we're all here to help you ring in the celebration that you two have been married for twenty years." Everyone cheers and claps. "If you killed him, you would've been out on good behavior by now," Emmett yells making everyone chuckle. Anthony clears his throat and turns to Bella and me again. "Through the years, you've taught me many great things. One of the main things you taught me is about family and love." Bella lays her head on my arm and I pull her closer, kissing the side of her head, but keeping my eye on Anthony who's still speaking. "Even as I watch you now, you are still unable to keep your hands off each other. Where most kids would feel disgusted at their parents acting like this, I only feel hope that one day I will be blessed with a love like yours." I grin and tip Bella's chin up and kiss her soundly. I can hear the cat calls from around the room. "Okay, I'm starting to feel disgusted now," Anthony deadpans. I chuckle pulling back and wave at Anthony to keep going. "So please, raise you glasses to my mom and my dad, to Bella and Edward, we hope you have another happy twenty years and more." There are echoes of our names around the room. After toasting with everyone, I stand up. "I would just like to thank Angela, Rose, Maria, and the kids, who all helped make this day great for Bella and me. Anthony says he learned a lot from Bella and me, well I learned love and what family means from my parents, who have now been married for fifty years." I stop talking as everyone claps. "I know I wasn't an easy child to bring up, and was really awkward, but you always helped and supported me, so thank you. As have all of you," I say looking at the faces of my friends. "You have all helped guide Bella and me through the journey of adult life and parenthood. You all mean so much to Bella and me, and to call you friends, seems to almost deteriorate what you truly mean to us. People say 'blood is thicker than water,' but there isn't one of you here who—relative or not—isn't a part of our very souls." Everyone cheers and I turn to Bella. "Now for you, my love, my wife, you have been in my life for so long. You are still my best friend, my first love, last and my only love. We have had some bad times, some rough times, but mainly we've had great times. You have given me three of the best kids around, all of whom I'm proud of." I give each of my kids a look to show them I mean what I am saying, before turning back to my wife. "I love you so much, and every day I am amazed at how it grows and how the love you have for me grows. I love you and I can't wait to spend another twenty years with you." Bella stands up pulling me down a little, so she can reach my lips. Her fingers go right into my hair and I run my hands down to her waist, picking her up as I keep kissing her. We pull back and I look down at her. "I love you," I mouth the words silently and she replies back the same way. I place her fully back on the ground and pick up my glass. "To all of you, our family." Everyone says family and takes a drink. "And to my wife, Bella." After the hall is cleared of some of the tables, I lead Bella to the dance floor. Over the years, I have pulled her up many times to dance and she has become good at slow dancing with me. "Are you looking forward to going away with me?" I ask. "Hell yeah, I'll miss the kids, but it'll feel so good being just you and me. Two nights a month just goes so quick." I nod and kiss her lips. "It does, more so when we end up doing those odd jobs that we seem to leave for when the kids are gone." "Yeah, then there's the sleeping we always have to catch up on." I chuckle a little, resting my hand on her fine ass. "We have two whole weeks, just you and me," I say wiggling my brow at her. "It's going to be heaven." I nod and spin her around the room. So many stories start with once upon a time—Bella and my story, it started with a proposal—and I truly think we have the best story of them all. A/N: Thanks for reading and reviewing. Hope you all enjoyed this short story. Be sure to check out the awesome banner that goes with this story. Nikky and I wrote a oneshot for this Awesome banner that was made by, Caitlin Beresford in a contest, where it was awarded 3rd place. You can Google battle of the banner artist blogspot to see more of the banners and learn more about the contest. HUGE thanks to all the entries and Carolina Cullen for trusting us to write this one-shot to accompany the lovely banner Caitlin made.