if he agrees with me I'll have to have them taken out. Mistakes like that can't be overlooked." "You don't have to sound so gleeful about it. I think he'll side with me; Carlisle is known for being fair," she announced as she wiggled into her skirt. "Of course. We both know there are other punishments, and I'll suggest those instead." I wanted to keep my wife happy, after all. "And some of your father's punishments can make a man wish he was dead," she said, absolutely serious. I laughed despite my current mood. "Very true." We finished dressing for the day, my wife choosing a long sleeved, high necked blouse with a mini skirt and stilettos. She knew how to make my dick stir in my pants with such little effort. Her long brown hair hung in waves down her back, and I wanted nothing more than to wrap it around my fist as I rammed into her. I settled for a quick kiss instead, knowing we had to leave. The ride was uneventful, with Isabella holding my hand on top of her knee and starting out the window at the rainy day. Peter opened the back passenger door and we exited to the sidewalk, Liam, Randall, and Al walking closely next to us and into the building. Jasper and Emmett were just inside the doors, and the four of us took the elevator up to my father's office while our guard detail stayed downstairs. Carlisle's office was not very modern, red and black with plenty of chrome accents. It had been remodeled when Grandfather had retired, and was outdated and garish. Like my father. I loved the man, truly, and he was smart and capable. He'd brought Masen Cullen Enterprises out of a slump consisting of nothing more than money laundering and inner theft. There had been back stabbing and disloyalty everywhere, secrets sold for pennies, and general unhappiness. Grandfather had not been interested in running the company or the family, clearly. My father had cleaned house, ruthlessly killing any man found to have been involved in anything as simple as lying all the way to working for the other families to gain inside information. Carlisle had handed the company and the family over to me in an official ceremony, but he still ran most of the day to day operations. He was afraid of us looking weak to our enemies, and wanted my younger face to be the representation the other families saw. He just couldn't quite let go of the reins. "Edward, Isabella." Carlisle nodded at Emmett and Jasper after hugging Bella and kissing her cheek. He shook my hand and gave me a half hug while clasping our fists between us. "We have some business to discuss, Father." We took seats on the couches in the sitting area situated in one corner of his office. "What is it, Edward?" "Two of my men allowed entry to the Meyer Street warehouse last night. The assholes wouldn't break, but I'm sure they were Volturi, sir." Carlisle steepled his fingers in front of him as he thought it over. "Oversight, or sabotage?" he mused. Emmett spoke up. "Loyal men, sir. An accidental oversight." He glanced at Isabella. "I see." I was positive Carlisle caught the exchange. "Punishment?" "That's why we're here," I said. "To be harsh would send a message to the others, but to be cruel, well, it would serve no real purpose. It would be acceptable to demote and remove the men from the watch in which they were assigned." "Where are these two currently?" Carlisle demanded. "In holding, sir, at Benbrook," Jasper answered. "They need to be taken care of," Carlisle intoned. "Sir!" Isabella interrupted. "These men are loyal, they joined this family because of me, for me. I request a punishment and not a death sentence." "Isabella, I understand you're close to this situation, which is exactly why you have to remove yourself. You must be objective at all times, and let nothing cloud your judgement," he scolded her sternly, and I could see her bristle at the treatment. "I don't need to be lectured , Carlisle." I gasped as my wife stood, showing the utmost disrespect for the head of her family. "Sit yourself down, Isabella," I hissed. She turned her outraged glare on me. "I will not! I am just as much in charge as any of you, and I see no reason for the punishment to be as severe as death. If we have become so desensitized to murder, then we are no better than than those we pit ourselves against. Why the power struggle, the effort to be better than the other families? So we can rack up the body count and pat ourselves on the back?" She gathered her coat, and I stood to stop her. "You will not be disrespectful to Capo di Capi Re! You will do as you're told, Isabella!" I snapped, furious that she was taking it this far. "Fuck you, Edward. Fuck you all. I want a divorce!" I gaped at Isabella's retreating form. She had never crossed into that threat before, never been so pissed at me that she would ask for something so sacrilegious. I heard my father's foot tapping, and turned to look at him with narrowed eyes. "Get your house under control, or I will do it for you," he threatened severely. "It would do you well to remember who is actually in charge here, and not merely the mascot!" I thundered, appalled at the apparent threat to my own wife. Emmett and Jasper were both on their feet, equally unsure which side to take. I stormed out of the office, hoping to catch up with Bella before she made it too far. It didn't happen. By the time I reached the house, she was gone, and so were her things. Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.