lips wet as she stared at him, her cheek pressed into the bedding. She turned her face into the mattress, wiping away some of the sweat and drool on her face before pushing herself up just enough to drape her upper half over his body. He hissed, his skin too raw and hot for contact, yet reluctant to deny her anything she asked of him. "You still love me?" she asked, eyes fluttering shut as her lips moved against his chest over where his heart thundered against his ribcage. He reached up, threading a hand through her hair, their position reminiscent of how they had began their evening. "Course," he mumbled in response, nonplussed, his eyes drifting shut. "Hmmm, good. Cause these sheets need changing and since you practically fucked me into a coma, you're gonna have do it." He chuckled, raking a hand through the damp strands of his hair, eyes still shut. "We might have to clean ourselves up first." "Can't move," she responded stubbornly. He peeled back his eyelids, taking a moment to stare vacantly at the light mounted above their bed before forcing himself to move. He sat up, ignoring her grumbles of protest as he detangled himself from her, throwing his legs over the side of the bed, and propelling himself to his feet. He strode across the room, disappearing into their adjoining bathroom. "Addie!" she whined petulantly, stretched out across the bed, unselfconscious about her nudity. "Edward!" If nothing else, using his given name seemed to get his attention, the hiss of the pipes and the sound of water cutting off abruptly before he appeared in the doorway. He didn't look overly impressed by her use of his name, his hate of it well known. It was one of those issues he refused to talk about, only going far enough to comment that he'd been named after his father, who, coincidentally was a piece of shit. "Don't call me that," he said, not harshly, but firmly as he moved back over to her, washcloth in hand. She dragged her gaze over his naked form lavishly, the thick cords of his rippling, tattooed muscles flexing as he walked toward her. She could admit that he was quite a specimen, and it made her just a little bit smug that he was hers, the scratch marks and mouth shaped bruises proving that. "I wouldn't have had to resort to such underhand tactics if you had responded in the first place," she retorted smartly, peering over her shoulder at him as he straddled her thighs. She hissed as he tugged her head back by her hair, her sore scalp protesting. "Watch yourself, little girl," he warned playfully. She grinned lazily up at him. "Maybe you should make me," she suggested, wiggling her ass a little. He chuckled. "Haven't you had enough?" he asked, releasing his grip on her hair. He wet his lips, suddenly finding them dry as he began wiping down the curve of her back, cleaning the graceful expanse of skin of all the fluids. "Of you? Never. Though remind me not to go that long without your cock again. That hurt like a motherfucker." "Sorry Babe," he murmured, planting a kiss on her shoulder blade, though she was certain that he wasn't too sorry. She couldn't find it in herself to be too fussed about it, not when he was kneading her sore muscles, digging his fingers deep into her flesh and massaging out the kinks. Because as much as she enjoyed his rough, sadistic streak, it was these moments after, when he doted on her, nuzzling, caressing, soothing the aches and pains away that left her fully satisfied. Every brush of his mouth and fingers felt as though it was designed to nurture the sensitivity and vulnerability that had been exposed during the sex they'd just come down from. He let his actions speak louder than his words, reinforcing his adoration of her, telling her without words how much he loved her. He needed her to know that no matter what he did, or how rough he was, it was her heart, mind and soul that called to him as much as her body. "Just be thankful I love you enough to let you cram that monster in me," she mumbled, resting her head on her folded arms, a blissful hum of contentment escaping her. She knew that by morning she'd have to deal with all the aches and pains that came with such rough sex, but right then, she was happy to just bask in the attention he was showering her with. He outright laughed at that, unable to curb his amusement at her statement. "While I'm flattered, I wouldn't categorize my cock under 'monstrous.' I mean, it managed to fit inside you, and you're tiny." Bee rolled her eyes. "You know, sometimes, I hate your Mr. Humble routine. Next, you're going to tell me its average." He shrugged noncommittally at her sarcasm. "It's proportionate to the rest of my body." "I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you're kind of a giant," she told him, gingerly pulling herself up. He shifted off her to allow her room to move to the edge of the bed, the urge to pee prevalent enough for Bee to risk braving a trip to the bathroom, despite the fact that she would have to hobble. "Your giant," he murmured, stopping her long enough to swoop down and steal a kiss. She hummed against his mouth. "I suppose as long as you're mine, I'll let it slide." AN: For those that are curious, Edward got his nickname Addie from in foster care since there was an overflow of Edwards and Anthony, to differentiate, they gave each one a different derivative. So, by the time Addie got their, he ended up with an Eddie with an 'A.' And Bee, well she had the nickname of Bumblebee as a kid, and it kind of stuck.