to me. You're charming and cocky, and I'm not sure why, but you seem sad. Not as sad as I've seen you in some of the pictures, but still sad. As for the women, after seeing your club ... just because you had dinner with a girl, doesn't mean that you had sex with them." I can't help but smile, because every girl I have ever dated always thought that I slept with every girl I've been seen with. Here this barely legal girl is and she gets it. I watch her eat, and she enjoys her food. I take a few bites myself and await her next question. "What about your family? Do they know about this or is this the most private part of your life?" I wipe my mouth and lean back. "First I'll tell you a little about my family. My mother, Esme, is an interior designer and my father, Carlisle, is a doctor and works at the hospital. I have an older brother Emmett, who's a personal trainer and he's married to Rosalie. Rose is a stay at home mom, to my nephew Dean who is almost two months old. She also likes to dabble in rebuilding old cars. My twin sister Alice, loves retail shopping so much, she owns her own clothing shop. Alice's husband, Jasper, you might know, he is a college counselor at UW." She looks at me and smiles. "Mr. Whitlock?" I nod my head at her. "Yes, that is him. As for this lifestyle, I came out when I was twenty-three. My family knows of my lifestyle choices and and they have stood by me with my choices. They know me and know that for me, this lifestyle choice is not about me wanting to abuse or be abusive toward women." Bella frowns. "Why, has someone said that to you, or thought you like to abuse your submissive?" I nod my head. "Many people think this is what this lifestyle is about." Bella pulls her eyebrows together. "Well I don't, I don't see anything that has made me think I'm in danger. I mean, I'd need to read up on the stuff first to fully understand it for myself, but the women here seem to enjoy it as much as the guys do. So you know, behind closed doors in all, I can't see it being different." I nod my head at her. Bella and I keep talking even after we're done eating. We moved to the sofa in my office , so we could sit comfortably and talk. I found as the night went by, we were moving closer and closer to the other. I'm sitting beside her, but facing her and playing with her hair on the right side of her face. My right hand however is ghosting lightly across the knuckles of her left hand that is resting on her right ankle. She, too, is facing me and her right hand is lying innocently on my leg that is next to hers. I'm hyper aware of her touch, and the charged touch has kept me in a constant state of arousal. Bella yawns suddenly and stretches her arms up above her head. She's still wearing just the tank top and as her arms stretch up, the top bares her mid-section. The soft looking skin is almost iridescent in the low lighting of my office. Glancing at my watch I'm shocked, and Bella leans forward to look at my wrist too. "Oh, wow, it's almost two in the morning. I'd better get back to the dorm." I nod my head agreeing with her, because it is rather late for her. "Since you didn't drive here, how did you get here, Beautiful?" "I walked here. It only took me twenty minutes." "Well, Beautiful, please let me take you home. I wouldn't be able to sleep tonight, not knowing if you got home safely or not." She looks at me biting her lip and nods her head. I help her to stand handing her the red sweater she took off when she danced for me. I collect my things together, to prepare to leave. "Did you check your coat with the concierge?" I watched her shake her head. "No, I didn't think I'd be out this late, but I'll be fine." I smirk picking up my jacket and walking over to her. "You can wear mine," I say as I wrap it round her slowly. I swallow as I look into her eyes. There is really something about this girl that makes me tingle in a good way. I lead her from my office, and nod to Demetri, so he knows the club is in his hands. I direct her out of the club and to my car. The whole way I have my hand on the base of her back and I have to fight with myself to stop it from moving lower. I open her door letting her in and closing it, before making my way around to get in. "So, where to, my Beautiful Dancer?" She looks at me and smiles, but before she can answer another yawn comes out. She blushes slightly and then gives me the directions. Within five minutes of driving we're almost at her dorm. "Will the door still be open at this time?" She shrugs her shoulders. "I'm not sure. I've never been out past eight before." A/N: Well this is the start of our newest WIP. We will be posting one chapter per week, and our posting day will be very late Sunday nights, or Monday mornings from here on out. All Chapters will be posted in the CST time zone, USA. Please read and review. We will be answering all reviews for this story as it posts, so feel free to ask whatever questions you have. We hope that you enjoy this story, it is something we both are very proud of and are enjoying writing. Thanks, Nikky & Kasi~