without your money. At first you seemed angry at the world especially at me. But then you saved me from two mean guys." I just look at her and listen as she speaks. "I was walking home and got mugged. They were going to do more, but someone walking past yelled making them leave. They didn't end up taking my bag or my money they got spooked. That night I dreamt that you saved me." I swallow knowing what was real for me, was a dream for her. "In my dream you stayed with us, my family and me. You got a job and I fell in love with you. You brought me up here and you said you were scared that ..." She stops as the tears run down her face. "That I was going to lose you," I carry on. "I told you that I had something to tell you and that I wanted to wait until after Christmas. I told you that I would tell you on Christmas. Then I told you that I loved you that I was in love with you. I also gave you this," I say taking the necklace out and she gasps looking at me. "It wasn't a dream?" I shake my head placing my hand on her cheek. "For you it was a dream, for me it was reality. I told you I don't know what brought me here, but I will always be grateful. And you said," "Maybe it's a Christmas miracle," we say together. "May I show you?" I ask and she nods a little at me. I smile looking at her standing up here with me. The snow is falling all around us. "I love you, Isabella Swan," I say and then lean down to kiss her. It only takes her a few moments to kiss me back as she grabs at my shirt. "I," Bella says as she pulls back, "my heart's screaming that it loves you, too, but my head needs a little time." I kiss her again. "I understand my love; can I put this on you?" I ask holding up her necklace she nods at me. I put it on her and she smiles at me. She walks back to the door, but stops at the door and mutters something before looking back at me. Suddenly, she is running and jumping into my arms. "I love you, so much. I have no clue how this can be, but I do, I love you. I knew that morning when you hugged me. I knew then it was love, and I was so scared I lost you. I felt so lost that morning like my heart was being crushed. It felt so much better when you held me, but at the same time it scared me. But I do love you." I hold her to me, kissing her with everything I have, showing her what I feel for her. "Marry me," I say. At the same time as Bella says, "Have dinner with us." I look at her sheepishly, and then shrug my shoulders. "I want you forever. And for the record, I'd really like to stay and have dinner with you. But, Tanya's here, too, and she's spent the last twenty eight years alone at Christmas." "She can come, too, if she wants" Bella says softly. "So now answer to my question then?" Bella doesn't say anything, but at least she's not saying no. "Bella, I really want you to marry me, and be my wife. It's okay, you don't have to answer right this minute. I have a week off of work to convince you to say yes ." Bella chuckles before kissing my lips once more. She takes my hand and leads me down to her apartment. I am stunned to see Tanya sitting there watching TV with Joshua, Renee and Jasper. "Hello," I say and Tanya smiles at me. "You've got to watch this cartoon; it's called sponged bod square paints." I chuckle shaking my head at her. "Yes, I know, I've seen it." Bella and I join them and we all laugh as we watch. Soon we're all playing games. I'm happy to see that Renee also invited Jasper to dinner, too. As we all sit around the table I smile holding Bella's hand. My eyes go to Tanya and I see that she, too, finally seems happy. It's amazing what we've gave up and missed in our lives. We share a smile, and I know that my oldest and dearest friend is truly happy for me as well as with herself. At the end of the night, I see Bella frowning. "What's wrong, my love?" Bella blushes at me. "I'm going to miss you. I wish you could stay." I let out a sigh wanting to stay, too. "Bella, you're eighteen and old enough to make your own choices. Besides, I have a feeling that Edward here is going to be in our lives for a very long time." I smile at Renee in thanks before looking at Tanya. "Jasper already said I could stay in his spare room, I'll be fine," Tanya says hugging me and then Bella. "You're so good for him, but be sure to keep him on his toes." Bella nods and Tanya walks out the apartment with Jasper. Bella takes my hand leading me back to her room and lending me her dad's clothes. I let out a breath as she hugs into me and drifts off to sleep. I smile holding my girl, finally feeling at home. ~Epilogue will post very soon.~ A/N: There is a rather decent sized Epilogue for this to post, but it will be a few days before it does. We hope that you all have a wonderful and joyous holiday: Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, Hanukkah, Kwanza, St. Lucia Day, Three Kings Day, Winter Solstice, Eid Al Adha or whatever it is that you and yours celebrate. Nikky & Kasi~