Giving you an instant family? I heard you were having a nice little picnic today. You moved in fast. His body's barely cold." "Why are you doing this, Aro?" His answer is a swift, sharp hit to the back of my head with the butt of his gun, "Start moving. We're going to the basement. I know you're hiding them there." Slowly, I start walking, trying to figure out how to distract him enough so I can grab one of the hidden weapons I had stashed around the house. "Why are you doing this, Aro? My father trusted you. We treated you like family," I say more loudly. "Family? Hah! You don't treat family like your father's been treating me. Your brother hated me. He started feeding him lies. He did everything in his power to undermine me to your father. Your father slowly stopped relying on me. He started doubting me, not trusting me." "Maybe with good reason," I snort. "Shut up!" he yells. "I'm going to kill you and your new family and then I'm going to go to your father. One of my guys already has him tied up in one of MY places! And I'm going to confront him. I'm going to tell him how I took the life of his precious boys, his daughter-in-law, his granddaughter. It's too bad your mother is so far away. I can't get her before him, but don't worry, Edward, I will find her and reunite her with you all too. Now open the door!" "No," I say calmly. "Maybe you aren't understanding me, Edward," he chuckles. "I am going to kill you all one way or another. Hell, I would've gotten rid of the girl on the way to the warehouse the day I got Emmett shot, if your dad and Demetri hadn't been up my ass. You don't want to make this easy for me, that's fine. Though I would love to have you watch me as I kill them, I don't mind killing you first. Open the door." "No." "Fine. You leave me no choice. Don't worry. Your precious Bella will follow you shortly." As a shot rings out, I still. Aro drops to the floor at my feet. I kick the gun away and turn to see Bella standing there with a gun held in her shaking hands. She shot Aro dead center through his back. A pool of blood starts to spread around his lifeless form. I check for a pulse, but there is none. He's dead. I hurry over to Bella and pry the gun from her hands. She collapses into my arms and I hold her tightly. "I should be mad at you for not staying in the basement," I chuckle. "Hannah's still down there," she says with urgency. I sit her down on the sofa and run down the stairs as fast as my legs will carry me. I find the little princess sitting in her infant seat still sound asleep with a peaceful look on her little face, completely unaware of what just went on above her. "Thank God," I whisper as I pick her up and carry her up the stairs. Just as I reach the living room I hear a car barreling into our driveway, screeching to a stop. I'm ready to shoot the new intruders, no questions asked, when I look out the window and see that it is my father's SUV. He and Garrett jump out with guns drawn. I quickly open the door and my father rushes inside. "Aro and Felix are dead," I tell him. He stops in his tracks. Garrett nods at me as he enters and goes to assess the cleanup required. My father holsters his gun with a look of relief and embraces me in a hug so tight that I can hardly breathe. "Bella and the baby?" he questions. "Bella and Hannah are just fine. They are safe." "Hannah?" he smiles. "Hannah Grace Cullen," I add with a smile. "Hannah Grace Cullen," he repeats. "I like the sound of that. I need to see her." I lead him to the living room, and begin relaying the events that have just transpired. I tell my father and Garrett everything that Aro had said. My father sports a black eye and a few cuts and bruises, but I have seen him look worse. As luck would have it, Garrett had come over to the house to speak with my father about some suspicions he had, just as my father was being attacked. Working quickly together, they eliminated Aro's men and jumped into the car to come to us. Later that day, we are on our way home. "Your mother is on her way back from Seattle," my father states from the front seat. "If she wasn't so elated to hear that you are safe and that Bella and Hannah are alive, she might have killed me herself for keeping it from her," he chuckles. I stare out of the window. The monotonous scenery and drone of the highway makes me sleepy. I have no idea what will happen now. There is too much to think about. I don't know if I want to take over Emmett's place in the family business. I do know that I want to go back to work. Bella and Hannah will be staying with my parents till she decides what she wants to do next. I'm sure they would keep them there forever if she wanted. I need to talk to Bella when things settle down. We all just need some time, I think. As my eyes start to drift closed, I feel Bella place her head against my shoulder. She gently places her hand in mine and gives it a light squeeze. It calms me as I drift off. We have all the time in the world. A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.