frame him." I sighed, unsurprised. "I figured." He pursed his lips, nodding. "Thank you," he said stiffly. "I owe you." Is that what this was about? "You don't," I asserted. "Just make sure she gets the help she needs." For some reason, nervousness churned in my gut, even though both cases were resolved. He nodded again, stuffing his hands in his pockets. Tension gripped his shoulders, angling his body forward, as if he wanted to come closer but held back. "We can't change what happened," I murmured, reflective. "But that doesn't mean things can't be different." Exhaustion tugged at me, but I forced the words out anyway. "I shouldn't have run inside that night. It was stupid and reckless." "Yes." The response was swift. He scoffed. "I knew you thought that I could be saved. That I was different." There was a mocking edge that sharpened the words. "I knew nothing would change. But you-" A sharp exhale broke the rising insistence, and he ran a hand through his hair agitatedly. "Sometimes, I pretended it could." Beat by beat, he dragged his gaze up to my face. "I wanted...to believe that I could be as good as you wished I were." Could. Should. Would. How many words can be used to define lines that trap us, forcing us to entertain futures that weren't truly our own? What if Tanya hadn't been abused? What if I'd found out Jake was the Funhouse killer months ago? Then again, what's the point? People aren't who they're defined to be. They can be better. Maybe not good, but better. "You were different, Edward," I admitted earnestly. "I believed that even when I didn't want to." He watched me closely. "And now?" "Now...I'm processing that I just caught a serial killer." A disbelieving laugh left me. A small smile appeared. "You'll have to tell me that story one day." "Is that an order or a request?" "An invitation," he clarified, eyeing me. "I think this town can use another detective." I couldn't resist. "Even a mouthy one?" What the hell was happening? And did I care? He moved until his arm brushed against mine, barely touching. "I never said that was a bad thing." Defense mechanism, I reminded myself, as warmth spilt over my abdomen, heavy and invasive. I found myself wondering what to do with my hands. "You know, after some people experience trauma, they behave impulsively." His breath brushed my cheek. "Do things that don't make sense because they're grateful to be alive." My brain registered how dry my throat was, and the alert systems that had been strangely dormant started to blare. "You should know," he continued, his eyes black. "That's not what this is." His stubble lightly scratched my chin before I felt his lips against mine. Our weird, flirty banter had concluded, making way for something dangerous and unpredictable. The previous uncertainty had evaporated, replaced by slow, assured motions and fingers that curled against my hip. Not bringing me closer, but trying to make me stay. Welcoming the distraction and desperate to escape, I fell into his rhythm, pulling and pushing back. Maybe that's why we were drawn to each other. No matter how far we ran, somehow, we ended up back here. He said I was haunted, but I knew he had his own ghosts. Fingers firmly secured in my hair, gently tugging until my lips parted and his tongue slipped in. Don't think. My hands slid up his arms, digging into muscle that rolled and flexed under my touch. Notes of urgency punched through this duet, introducing a more agitated rhythm as we molded against each other. This was a mistake-plain and simple-but we moved like this was the first and last mistake we'd ever make. I bit his lip, feeling his grip around my waist tighten, and my back against the door. A low growl rumbled from his chest, as he situated himself between my thighs, shifting and pressing- I pushed away. "Ok," I forced out, head still cloudy. We stared at each other, waiting for logic to return. A slow, satisfied smirk stretched his lips. "Goodnight, Bella." The fucked up ending to a fucked up day. Swallowing, I reached inside my pockets and grabbed my keys. Processing everything was going to take a few hours and a giant bottle- My hands stilled. Wait. I know Rose has been to California, because she mentioned running into that Robert Pattinson look-alike in L.A. A week before the third body had surfaced. I played back the last few days again, combing through every conversation I'd had with her, convincing myself I was irrational, even as the slow burn of realization set in. "Shot himself right next to his dog." Descriptive, but untrue. The previous detective never had a dog. "I'm on a date at an arcade." But what if she wasn't? What if she'd been somewhere else, a place with the same bells and whistles and music that I'd heard- Somewhere like a carnival. See you soon, Bella. A strangled gasp escaped me. "Talk to me," Edward's voice sounded faint, like I'd been dropped into a fishbowl. I shook my head, reminding myself that I just suffered something traumatic. I was being paranoid. Delirious. 100% delusional. But what if…? The lamp in the living room switched on, and the remaining pieces clicked into place, the sound identical to the cocking of a gun. Her gun. Pointed right at me. Rose's eyes flashed with satisfaction. "Hi, partner." My head turned, as if physically rejecting what I saw. And that's when I remembered something else. She'd asked how my "new partner" was doing four days ago, but I hadn't mentioned Edward until the day after. My stomach dropped. Her green eyes, the resemblance strikingly obvious, shifted to the man beside me. "Hi, big brother," she purred. "It's been a long time." A/N: Please leave the writer encouragement in the form of a review and a thank you for entering our contest.