and I walk back into the family room and hand out the drinks. Before too much longer it's time to load up Bella's things and take the kids home. "Drive safe and call me as soon as you get in," I say hugging Bella, the kids and then Edward. ~*Happy Human-Light Day*~ The next morning we're woken by the phone. We're shocked to learn that overnight we had a large snow fall. There's six to eight inches of heavy, wet snow outside. Dr. Gerandy's call was to inform Carlisle he was covering his shift and to stay home. Apparently, quite a few places around town are without power. "Do think we should go out check on Bella and the kids?" I ask after her home and cell go unanswered. "Yeah, I think that would be a good idea. I've got the extra generator; we could hook it up for her, if she needs it." Carlisle says. "I'll go get dressed for the weather and load the generator into the back of the plow truck." I smile at my husband, he loves that truck, and he only gets to use it a few months every year. I get dressed and make a bunch of sandwiches from the leftover ham. I send a text to Edward wanting to make sure he's okay, too. I load up the food and climb up into the large truck. The normal five minute drive to Bella's takes us half an hour. I get out the big truck and start to walk toward the door only to have Carlisle pull me behind a tree. "Love, it's too cold for this," I say with a chuckle. He rolls his eyes at me and points across the driveway. I look and see Edward's car that clearly has been sitting there for more than a few hours. Then I hear the giggling of kids from the backyard. We make our way to the edge of the house and peer out back. I can't help but smile brightly as I see Edward chasing Bella around. I feel my heart swell as he picks her up swinging her around. They both tumble to the ground and she laughs before they share a chaste kiss. He rolls and gets up quickly and begins to chase the kids around. We watch for several minutes as they all play together and laugh. I notice that Edward is still in the same clothing he was wearing yesterday after he changed from church and I smile. Without alerting them to our being here, we unload the items we brought for them. After Carlisle puts the generator at the front door knowing Edward can hook it up we get back in the big truck. "They look happy, like a family," I sigh. "They really do, my love." I nod as I wipe away a few tears of happiness that have fallen. "We'll need to help her with Mary, you know. I will not allow her to stand in the way of our children and grandchildren having the happiness they deserve," I say harshly. "I doubt Edward would let Mary interfere with what he's found," Carlisle chuckles. "Even Bella knows Mary has no right to tell her what to do." Before we pull away, I watch Bella trip and fall in the snow. Edward chuckles helping her up and they look at each other before he kisses her again. It's then I realize they're already in love. They may not see it yet, but it's as visible as the nose on my face. "How soon do I have to wait to pray for a wedding and a new grandbaby?" "Well, since you'll want her pregnant by next Christmas, how about wait for the new year?" An hour later, snuggled back home in front of the fire my cell phone dings with two incoming messages. I open the first text from Edward. ~Thank you for the generator, I'm hooking it up now. Oh, and I'll be spending New Years Eve with Bella, is that okay? She said you already planned to keep the kids that night. Love you, and thank you. This has been the best gift I've ever gotten, Edward.~ I don't reply yet, but I open the second text, which is from Bella. ~Thank you, so much. You were right, Edward was the best gift you could've ever given me and the kids. I love you both, Bella .~ I type out a quick reply to both of them and show Carlisle the texts. My smile gets brighter as he smiles, genuinely happy for our family. "How about I give Momma Santa another present?" he says wiggling his brows at me. "Besides I still haven't seen you in that new nightie, you bought." I chuckle and nod. "You mean I may actually get it on before you ravage me this time? I love you, Papa Santa." "I love you, too, my sexy Momma Santa." "Happy Boxing Day, dear," Carlisle says as he carries me to our room. He's sure to stop under each of the sprigs of hanging mistletoe to kiss me along the way. ~*THE END*~ A/N: This was our entry into the Beneath the Mistletoe Awards Contest. We won 2nd Place fans vote and The Host - Iklepixie, picked our story as their favorite. Thank you to all of our wonderful readers and fans and we hope that you enjoy this story. This was a little different for us, in the aspect that we don't normally write any stories that are not in EPOV or BPOV, and we mainly write EPOV. We hope that you like this little Christmasy story about finding love, even when you're not looking for it, especially when Momma Santa - Esme, wants it to happen. No matter what you celebrate, we hope that this finds you all happy, healthy and surrounded by friends and family. HUGS to you all, and have a wonderful and joyous one. Nikky and Kasi - WeeKittyAndTAT