father's voice distantly coaxing her, urging her, to cum for him as moans and whimpers slipping unchecked past her lips. She barely had time to come down from her climax, the cloud of lust that she had been drowning in still thick around her mind before the need he had so briefly satisfied came roaring back to life. She pushed herself up on shaking arms, her body a mess of sweaty, loose, uncoordinated limbs as she dragged his head down for a kiss until his body, once again, covered hers. She rocked her hips, meeting his thrusts, feeling so deliciously naughty, the slick, wet sounds of their coupling just a reminder of how their most intimate essences were mixing and combining inside her. She was propped up on her elbows, undulating her hips as they kissed, their tongues wet and sloppy as they tangled. She hooked her legs over his thighs, trying to draw him closer, deeper, inside her, her knowing how wrong it was to ache for her father's big, throbbing cock to fuck her like this, how wrong it was for her to reciprocate so passionately. She could feel his balls slapping against her ass, knowing they were full and heavy with his cum, cum that he would fill her little belly with, making her Daddy's little lover. Belle wasn't sure how many times she came, her swollen, pink little cunt dripping all over his hard, slick, incestuous cock, her hot, sopping wet, little hole stretching around his girth as he plunged into her over and over again, never slowing or softening the blow of his thrusts. She was loud, each climax washing over her with an accompaniment of moans, and whimpered curses entangled with the cry of 'Daddy!' Colors danced behind her closed lids, and she drifted in a space that seemed void of time, only conscious of him, of their hips meeting, slapping together, grinding, twisting against each other, the rawness of their movements communicating what couldn't be said with words. The thick, heady scent of their arousal filled the room, feeding his bestial urges and stoking her own feral, wanton, hot need. "Daddy's close, baby. You gonna...Fuck, are you gonna take all his cum, hmmm? You gonna let Daddy fill your little...your little belly with his seed?" he grunted out, feeling her cunt clenching and tightening around his pistoning cock in response to his words. The filthy words dripped off his tongue, him knowing how wrong it was to talk to his little girl like that, but unable to stop himself. A breathless cry of affirmation left her lips, only to swallowed up by his mouth as he dominated her mouth, their teeth clashing together at the force of it. His body felt as though it had come alive, the blood pulsing in his veins making his heart thrum faster than it had in a long time. Sweat trickled down the edge of his jaw, the heat and friction they were creating sparking with electricity. His cock throbbed, swelling and hardening, and his balls tightened, threatening to explode from the tight, wet pressure of her pussy as it constricted, clinging and spasming around him as she neared yet another orgasm. A strained, drawn out groan left him as the muscles of his stomach contracted, and his thrust became erratic. The coil snapped as shudders started to run down his back, spreading down to his thighs as he let go. Fire surged through his body, the gland at the base of his cock pulsing as liquid heat shot up the length of his cock as it twitched, exploding, shooting his cum deep inside of her. Belle's thighs tensed, and her eyes rolled back into her head as she tipped over the edge for the last time, his cum, wet and warm, splashing, coating the inside of her body, marking her, filling her little belly until she felt bloated with it. He snarled, groaning and grunting as his cock jerked and pulsed, emptying everything he had inside her. He milked his orgasm, his thrusts stuttering as the pleasure battered through his body like a ship being tossed around in a storm. His hips rolled forward in a slow arch as his climax started to recede, flexing, prolonging the exquisite feel of her clenching around him. He felt almost dizzy as he collapsed against her, panting heavily, the spasms in his body slowly diminishing. They lay panting, trying to catch their breaths, both of them slowly floating back down to earth, their chests rising and falling in tandem. Once some of her faculties returned to her, she nudged him off her body, too hot to be crushed beneath the firm weight of his body. He rolled off her, hissing as he pulled his slick, softening cock from her tight, little, wet hole, her pink cunt gaping open as his cum began to bubble and leak out onto the thoroughly ruined sheets under her. She keened, hips twitching as he cupped her shiny, wet, swollen cunt, her pubic hair plastered against her skin from the amount of fluids smeared into it, holding his cum inside her. "Good girls don't waste their Daddy's cum," he murmured, nuzzling her cheek, and she felt a spasm in her used, spent pussy, a tingle that went right to her toes. She released a long breath, any doubts or apprehension about their burgeoning relationship erased with his words. The gentle touch of his hand between her legs, against her sensitive flesh, solidified the fact that she was Daddy's new, little lover now, that she belonged to him, wholly and without question. AN: And...there it is! Shout out to all the hentai comics I read for inspiration, to tumblr for being kinkier than I could ever hope to be, to Literotica for having a whole genre just for Incest, and to the TwiKinkFest for giving me the courage/ excuse to finally write an incest piece. Drop me a line and tell me what you think!