"N-No? Shut up, Jacob. I'm not eating my words." He suddenly grabbed my laptop. "Okay, then let's google it." "Jake!" I tried to grab my laptop back, but he jumped off the bed before I could snatch it from his strong grasp. I was fast too, but he remained one step ahead of me in this game. He already had the lid open when I was on my feet, and every attempt to reach around him was met by the smooth turn of his body to one side of the other. "What are you so worried about?" He taunted with laughter in his voice. "It's not like google will tell us that thunder equals a storm, right?" "Jaaaake!" He outright barked a laugh again, and I could hear my laptop whirling to life as the web browser opened up. Quickly moving around my bed, Jake managed to type two words into google search, before I finally yanked the laptop off him. "Okay already! You win. There's definitely a storm outside. You were right and I was wrong." I huffed a breath, and put my free hand on my hip. "Happy now?" "Very," he beamed. Just then, we both heard the front door suddenly slam, and Aunt Alice's voice carried up the stairs of the family home. "It's time! C'mon you two, the storm won't last forever." I exchanged glances with Jacob, but before he could make a swift escape from my room, he was blocked by the barricade that was a slightly perturbed, raven haired vampire. She may have only been 5'3" tall, but when she lacked in height, she made up for in her bubbly and larger than life persona. Alice just… breathes life and energy into everything she does, and everyone she touches with her kindness. Honestly, she's more of a sister to me than an aunt. Although, right now, as she looked me up and down, she was a shrieking sister. "What?! You're not even dressed yet?" Crap. I forgot to mention; Alice may be heaps of fun, but getting on her bad side is never a wise move. Looking down at myself, I realised what she meant by 'dressed'. Both Alice and Jake were wearing their baseball t-shirts and sports clothes, whereas I was still in my casual jeans and simple vest. I could play baseball as I was in bare feet but, Alice would have a fit. She has a lot of unwritten rules when it comes to clothes, so when it came to playing baseball, we all had to play our part by wearing the appropriate uniform. "Uh… I better leave you two to it." Jake once again tried to leave, but not before Alice had folded her arms against her equally modest chest, and glared up at him. "Yes, you better run doggie, and don't think you're off the hook either. It's your fault she's not ready I hope you realise." Finally stepping aside, she made room for him to leave, but not before one final little verbal push. "Well? Go on then. And by the way, Emmett was looking for you." "Gotcha." Right now, I think Jake would've ran to anyone if it meant escaping from Alice's wrath. I wish I could've ran with him, but instead, I was being pinned in place by my aunt's narrowing glare. "Honestly, you two have all the time in the world to hang out, but he just has to distract you moments before our game's due to start." I stayed put, but followed her with my eyes and ears as she disappeared into my walk-in closet. "It's so rude and… inconvenient!" I was terrible at keeping my closet all tidy and colour-coded, which is how I always knew whenever Alice had paid a visit; because everything would be arranged and neatly sorted. She'd already packed most of my clothes and shoes away for me, but she'd left a few of the basics for me; like my baseball kit. It didn't take her long at all to rummage in the drawer for it, and return to my room with a pair of sneaker in one hand, and clothes draped over her arm. I opened my mouth to try to shoulder the blame she'd automatically lodged at Jacob, but then I realised there was no point. She was a woman on a mission, and I didn't want to be the person to derail her. "One minute," she announced, sternly. "Then I'll expect you downstairs and ready to go." She carefully laid out my clothes and put my sneakers down at the end of the bed. Then, contrary to her bossiness, she smiled in a 'knowing' way. I just wish I knew what it was she knew that we were supposed to be sharing right now. "I suppose I'll have to escort you," she added. "Wouldn't want you getting lost on the way to our usual spot." What on earth was she talking about? Why would I get lost? Taking advantage of the fact that I was obviously confused, she grinned and turned on her heel, moving to the door. "One minute, Nessie." Then, hurricane Alice was gone from my room, just as abruptly as she'd arrived. I didn't have time to start thinking about what had happened with Jacob just now, or try to savour the warm and fuzzy feelings he'd evoked inside me. Instead, I unzipped and unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled my vest up and over my head of bronze waves. I had baseball to play, which meant it was time to put my game face on. And I don't know where to go; This house has changed so much since I grew. I don't know what to do; My heart is racing back and forth. I don't know who to love; This house has changed so much since I grew. I don't know where to go; My heart is racing back and forth. To be continued in Chapter Two: "Strike Three - You're Out!"