the city and the castle. Walking into the bathroom Bella gasped at the luxurious space she found herself in. The white tub on the left was perfectly tucked into an alcove surrounded by candles. The shower was just ahead across from the sinks and wall to wall mirror, and Bella found herself wondering just how many people could fit in there. Deciding that it was more than enough room for her and every friend she had ever made in Forks, Bella laughed to herself softly before continuing her self-guided tour. After she was done, Bella decided to go find Jane or Alec to let them know that she was ready to be turned. As soon as she stepped outside she was met with the presence of Jax who smiled at her and told her that he would happily escort her to the throne room to be turned. Bella nodded and smiled, taking the arm that Jax offered to her as they began their walk. "So I hope you don't mind me asking but what are you?" Bella looked up at Jax who laughed, flexing the arm she was holding. "What gave me away? Was it the tan, the muscles, the warm skin, the inhuman speed or strength?" "All of the above actually," Bella smiled at him in response. "I'm a shape shifter. By the way you don't seem surprised in the slightest, I assume you know shifters of your own." Bella nodded at this before saying, "I thought shifters and vampires were mortal enemies. How are you able to be around so many vampires and them around you without killing each other?" Jax just looked at her and began to laugh, more so when Bella began to protest his laughter at her. "Who told you that? Your home shifters or your home vampires? Either way that's completely inaccurate. Though it is true that many shifters hate vampires, it is more a personal grudge than a species reflective attitude. I have trained hundreds of vampires through Volterra to fight and heal shifters of all kinds. It is important that we learn to coexist on this planet, for there are those that wish to destroy us and it is better if we can learn to band together as one to fight them when that day comes. It is actually very common for a shifter to find their imprint in the form of a vampire since their animal recognizes the immortality of their mate and the strength of their mate as well. Human mates are equally as common but it is simply wrong to assume that all shifters hate vampires and vice versa." Bella looked surprised at this news but smiled and thanked him for the new information. At that time, they found themselves standing outside of the large ornate wooden doors that led to the throne room. Jax opened the door for her and followed her inside watching her become slightly nervous as she approached the group standing around the throne. "Ah Isabella, I hope you like the room we put you in, do let us know if there is anything you would like to change about it. But now, let us get to what we are really here for. Who would you like to be turned by? Your choices are Jane, Alec, Felix, or Demetri. They are the best of my royal guard and they have the best control over their thirst. Once you pick you will immediately be turned and transported to your bedroom while the change occurs. In about three days you will emerge a newborn vampire and we will begin teaching you about what that means." Aro smiled at Bella, gesturing to the guard members he mentioned that stood in front of him. Jane smirked her evil smirk at Bella from across the room and Bella cringed slightly, quickly skipping over her as an option. "I would like Alec to change me," Bella decided. As soon as the words left her lips, Alec crossed the room and was centimeters from her neck. He pressed a chaste kiss to her neck, scaring her into flinching away from him as her survival instincts kicked in, but his kiss turned into a bite before she could move away any further. As soon as his teeth punctured the skin and the blood began flowing into his mouth, Alec's eyes went jet black and he moaned in appreciation. As soon as the bite began, it ended, and Alec pulled away to look at her. The burning sensation began almost immediately and Bella fell to the ground in pain, though she didn't make a sound. The screams began as she was being moved to her bedroom for the change to take place. It was as if an invisible fire was burning its way through her veins, scorching a path from every end of her body to her chest. Every nerve ending in her body was brought to life, indescribable pain making its way through every part of her conscious being. It was three days later when her heart beat for the last time and the burning ended. Isabella Swan took in an unnecessary breath of air and opened her eyes. As if experiencing everything for the first time, she looked around, taking note of every grain in the wooden furniture around her, the feeling of each individual fiber against her skin, and every particle of dust that floated through the air, illuminated by the light streaming in from the French doors. Moving faster than she had ever thought possible, Isabella appeared in front of the bathroom mirror, taking in her appearance with a curious tilt of her head. Her hair was silky and beautiful, falling in soft waves around her shoulders, her skin pale and free of any blemish. She was beautiful in every sense of the word, but the thing that stuck out to her the most… her eyes were a vivid violet, as if a galaxy were trapped just beneath the surface.