do with your ability. In fact, you are the best branch manager I could ever ask for..." "But I'm afraid I still don't understand" "Look, I am about to tell you something that cannot be repeated to anyone. It is completely and utterly 100% confidential. I am not only asking you to keep this to yourself as my right-hand man, I'm also asking for you to keep it to yourself as my friend Embry" "Okaaayyyy..." He answered, very unsure. I had to drum it into him the severity of the situation. "I mean it Embry, not a soul can find out...you cannot even tell your dog!" Yes, I'm that serious! "Of course Bella, you have my word, I promise...and I don't have a dog, so no problems there" I let out a small chuckle. I told him more or less everything - about the trial and about the culprit. The only thing he isn't aware of is Bree - in fact, no one in any of my offices knows that she even exists. And I intend to keep it that way! "Hello? Earth to Bella?" said Jackson, waving his huge hand in front of my face. "Sorry Jacks, spaced out there for a second" He chuckled, whilst removing his wallet. "I said, are you almost ready to leave?" He started counting out some money, whilst keeping one eye on the dark haired beauty who served us. I smirked. I love to see him happy, and this place is going to make him very happy. I can just tell. "Yep, I just need to pop to the bathroom before we leave" I stood as he nodded his head, looking out of the window. By the time I got back to the table minutes later, my shit eating grin totally gave me away. "Aww man, Bella you just paid for the food didn't you?" "Uh huh" was my simple response, whilst holding my hands behind my back, and rocking on the balls of my feet like a sneaky little girl. "But this was supposed to be my treat" he pouted. "Ok ok, you can get the next one. I promise" and I held my hand up like a good little girl guide. Yeah right, like I was ever a girl guide. They would have taken one look at me back then, and run for the hills! Angela appeared to clean our plates from the table, and turned back to us. "Thanks for eating with us today, have a great day guys" and with that, she turned towards. Jackson and winked at him, before sauntering off towards the kitchen. He didn't know where to put himself, but his smile could have lit an entire city! As we stepped out into the New York air, I still couldn't stop grinning. "Ok out with it" he said, as we stopped to cross the street. "I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about" I said, trying to put on most innocent face. I totally sucked at it. Plus, this man could read me like a book. He grinned back, and pulled his head up, to watch the sign. It indicated to walk. "I know you have done something. I can always tell with you, you know!" "Oh yeah?" I challenged him comically. "How so big man?" I love our banter. "Because you make all kinds of strange shapes with your mouth, like you have a sour sweet in there. So you may as well just admit it now, because we both know that you will tell me eventually anyway" He had me there. "Ok fine...I told Angela that we weren't dating..." "What?!" "And that you are completely single..." "What?!" "And that you like her..." "What?!" "And I kinda sorta maybe...gave her your number, and told her to call you to arrange a date night..." I quickly put my hands over my ears to hear a final "what?!" "Why would you do that?" His face was a sort of maroon colour, and I took a step back, so to give him space. I was still totally pleased with myself though. "Hey, you like her, and once I mentioned it, she said she really liked you too, she just didn't give you any signals because she thought I was your wife or something and she didn't want to disrespect me" when I spoke to her, she genuinely seemed like a total sweetheart. She and Jackson would go together perfectly. The big strong proud man and the little lady who needs to be protected. Perfect. "She likes me?" He asked, his attitude changing instantly. "She actually said that, or are you adding bits in?" His eyes narrowed slightly. As if that would somehow help him to see through me and find out if I'm really telling the truth. "Yes, they were her exact words Jacks. Honestly, I could see it between you both as soon as she came over to the table. I'm great at matchmaking. And she is such a little darling too, you are going to love spending time with her..." "I dunno Bella..." "Fine, just give it one date, and if you don't like her after that, then we never have to eat there again" I bargained with him, whilst trying to flash him my sweetest smile. Appealing to his softer side. "Ok fine..." He replied, defeated but smiling from ear to ear. "And she's calling me?" "Yes, tomorrow" Today was a good day, and I knew that no matter what the night may bring, that I was going to bed smiling. When I woke up in the morning however maybe a different story. So, there you have it folks! The start of the story that is currently taking over my life. I hope you enjoyed what you have read so far, there will be more to come soon! Please leave a review, I love to hear from you guys, as much as you love to read new chapters…oh we make wonderful allies!