ignoring their flaws. Now more then ever Chloe was going to hold onto her opinions on "true love". He chuckled again, sending a chill down her spine. "I know enough to know that I love you. You can't even begin to understand how I feel about you. It's like I've seen the sun for the first time in my life. It's like you're the gravity that's holding me down to earth." "You sound fucking insane!" Chloe shouted, her eyes widening. Embry's eyes filled with rage, and Chloe immediately regretted shouting at him. Not because she felt sorry for him ( as if! ), but because she genuinely feared for her life at the moment. "You don't understand, I love you! You can't leave! I need you!" Embry began shaking, and Chloe attempted to back away once more, though his grip on her only tightened. She began to feel the place on her hips where Embry's hands rested bruise, and winced. "Chloe you can't refuse him! It won't work!" Jacob warned her from somewhere behind her. Chloe ignored him. "Well, I don't love you ! Leave me alone!" Chloe instantly knew that that was the worst thing that she could have possibly said. Embry let out a pained scream, and his shaking worsened, sending tremors down his spine and forcing him to his knees. Fur began to cover his body, and his fingers dug into the ground, giving Chloe an opportunity for an escape. Chloe, however, was frozen in place as she watched the man who previously stood in front of her explode into something else. The beast ( wolf? ) that had previously been Embry snarled, rose it's hackles, taking a threatening step towards Chloe. If Embry couldn't have her then no one could. Someone shoved Chloe away, sending her flying nearly ten feet away into the sand, and in a blur of motion two more wolves appeared, jumping at Embry. Embry let out a low growl, and the two wolves attempted to attack him, failing miserably as he tore into them, not killing them, but wounding them enough that they couldn't stop him from doing what he was about to do. The larger russet colored wolf let out a howl, possibly alerting the rest of their pack, but Chloe wasn't focusing on that, she was focusing on Embry, who had turned his attention towards her. He snarled, revealing an enormous set of teeth. Chloe ran. She didn't get very far, maybe about ten feet, before she tripped on a tree root, and crashed to the ground. Somewhere along there she hit her head on a rock ( when she landed, possibly? ) and let out a screech. Her head pounded in pain, and she moved her two hands up to the wound at an attempt to stop the bleeding. Jacob's words that she had ignored earlier echoed in her mind. 'You can't refuse him! It won't work!' Was this what Jacob had meant? All she knew was that she wasn't going to get away. She couldn't run. Resistance was futile. As blood poured out of the open wound on her head her vision began to darken. The last thing she saw before blacking out was Embry's giant figure in wolf form approaching her, a dangerous glint in his eyes. Resistance was futile, she repeated. "Earlier this morning two local men camping in the woods of La Push, Washington found the body of a teenage girl. It has been confirmed that this girl is seventeen year old Chloe Berlin, who had disappeared from her home in Forks, Washington nearly two weeks ago. Her body appeared to be mauled by some sort of animal. Police are assuming that she went jogging in the woods early in the morning and was mistaken for the food of the animal. Her parents aren't making any comments at this time." Jacob Black shut off the TV with a loud sigh. He had tried to warn her. You couldn't fight the imprint; it was impossible. He couldn't imagine what her poor family was thinking and feeling. He knew what Embry thought- he hated himself, and was constantly under surveillance so as to not do something he would regret. He knew what Quil thought- he thought that it was all Chloe's fault. If she had just accepted Embry then this wouldn't have happened. Jacob personally didn't know what to think. Though he did know that this was wrong. Very, very , wrong. It was one of the rare moments that he was away from Renesmee and was able to think on his own, and Jacob had soon came to the conclusion that maybe imprinting wasn't such a good thing after all. It forced you to become someone else- something else. Someone unrecognizable. Did he really want to be here waiting for Renesmee to try on a princess dress so they could play a game when there was a game on that he would have much rather watched pre-imprint? He wouldn't have even been here if he hadn't imprinted! He wanted to get away from Bella and move on! And, hell, he hated the leeches! Jacob stood up from the chair that he had been sitting on, ready to leave this house and never come back, when a small voice came from behind him. "Jake? Where are you going? I haven't even served the tea yet." Jacob turned to face Renesmee, about to tell her that he need to leave, but when he looked into her eyes that thought flew out the window. A goofy smile lit up his face. "No where, Ness! I'm going no where." Renesmee grinned widely, and had Jacob sit in the chair he had been sitting in, before serving up imaginary tea, and sitting down herself. On the outside he looked extremely happy, and on the inside he was extremely happy- mostly. One part of his mind was screaming. But there wasn't anything he could do about it. After all, resistance was futile.