don't worry Isabella." She assured me, squeezing my hands. I let out a breath I didn't realise I was holding and nodded my head, I let my hands drop from hers but before I walked to the bathroom and thought came to me. "Jane… where am I exactly?" I asked, running a hand through my dark hair. "You're in Volterra, Italy Isabella" she answered, heading towards the door obviously not noticing that my eyes were almost popping out of my eye sockets. "Volterra? That means… you- you're apart of the Volturi?" I gulped loudly suddenly very nervous to be in the same room as this vampire, did I do something wrong? Oh god, are they going to kill me? I started hyperventilating and the room started to spin, Jane came rushing to my side rubbing my back soothingly. " la mia regina, calm down. You are not in trouble, you are very important but I will explain that to you later on, but yes I am about of the Volturi but you are completely safe with us. No harm will come to you, now go and get ready. Just call my name when you are ready to leave, Isabella" She pushed me towards the bathroom and walked towards the door. I nodded, still in shock when I opened the door I paused and looked back. "Oh and Jane, call me Bella." I smiled; she nodded and left my room. I walked into the bathroom and my mouth dropped, were bathrooms supposed to be this big? I shook my head, "Vampires…" I muttered turning on the shower and stripping hoping into the huge shower, I let out a sigh of happiness when I saw they had my strawberry shampoo and conditioner as well as my body wash. I quickly showered and got changed not wanting to waste anymore time then I already have. I warily opened my bedroom door and stepped out into a big hallway, "Um… Jane?" I called out loudly then internally cursed at myself, they were vampires they could've probably heard my opening my door. In less then a second Jane appeared in front of me with a smile on her face, "good you're ready, do you mind if carry you on my back, the Masters are very impatient men." She giggled slightly and I hesitantly nodded, "great!" she flung me on her back making me let out a shriek of surprise, I buried my face into her neck and waited for it to end. We stopped moving after a minute or so and I quickly jumped off, grabbing Jane's arm when I couldn't get my balance. I looked at the grand door in front of me and turned to Jane, surprised to see her facial expression had completely changed, gone was the nice smiley girl that I was just talking to, and in place was a girl whose eyes were cold and her face was emotionless. She saw me looking at her and sent me a quick smile of reassurance before she opened the door. I followed her slowly looking at my feet, suddenly feeling small and unsure, "masters" I heard Jane acknowledge the people who were supposably the King of Vampires, well that's what Edward told me. I winced when I felt my heart tug painfully. Jane stopped suddenly and I had to quickly halt so I didn't smash into her, I lifted my eyes slightly just so I could see the back of Jane's head, "Master Aro, I have bought Isabella Swan, just like you requested." She said rather proudly, I heard faint footsteps come closer and I felt a cold hand grab my chin, making my eyes meet a pair of milky red ones. " Isabella..." 'Master Aro' spoke my name like he was testing it on his tongue, I swallowed, "Bella" I mumbled in return causing him to laugh. "He will call you whatever he wants, human " a harsh voice snarled, my eyes snapped up to look at the owner and had to hold in a gasp. It was the beautiful vampire from my dream. He looked exactly the same, except, instead of the beautiful soft eyes I got lost in; they were ice cold and staring daggers at me, like I was worthless. I ignored the pain in my heart which was 10 times worse then what I felt when I spoke of him. "Oh Caius, hush. She does not like the name so I will not call her by it," Master Aro rolled his eyes and dropped his hand from my face but still kept his eyes on me as he backed away towards his throne which I just noticed. "Bella, it is a pleasure to meet you." He said joyfully, I was silent for a moment, I couldn't say the same thing but that would be rude. "It's a pleasure to meet your acquaintance Master Aro." I whispered, not moving my eyes from his face. He laughed and moved a piece of his black hair out of his face, " il mio tesoro, please call my Aro. Only my guard call me that." He smiled gently; I smiled slightly nodding my head, silently wishing I actually took Italian classes at school now. "Aro, if you don't mind me asking. But why am I here?" I asked, his eyes brightened dramatically and he gave me a full smile, it was actually a little bit creepy. "Why Bella, you are here to help us" He exclaimed " what?" Hey guys! I hope you liked my first chapter! Please Review, I would really appreciate it 3 Hopefully it wasn't too bad and I hope you stick around to read more :D But I would like a Beta Reader to help me, the one I have no will not be on that much and I really need the help, so if you are interested please PM me :D I will try and update ASAP, so please be patient and remember to Review! xx