intense stare I start to squirm. What's his deal? Oookay. I'll try again for a response. "Are you going to cry? Do you need to go run and hide in your big bad trailer?" Nothing. This is getting a bit weird. "Okay Cullen, your kind of creeping me out here. Can you…" I don't get to finish because he suddenly snapped out of whatever that was and is dragging me out of the judges tent without a word. Trying my hardest to keep up with his long legs I keep quiet until he stops behind the Cullen Clan trailer. It's dark, no one is around, and we are surrounded by trees and shrubs. I realize no one can see us back here. "What are you doing Edward? Is something wrong? Are you that upset about losing?" He doesn't answer any of my questions instead crushes his mouth to mine. Damn. Hands are everywhere. His mouth is hot, wet, and soft. Perfect. I can feel him against my belly. Gasping for breath when he finally pulls away to attack my neck. Still not saying a word. Off in the distance I can hear folks celebrating their wins. I bet Rose is looking for me. Why am I thinking of Rose right now? "Oh, God," he found the spot bellow my ear. That feels…yeah that feels amazing. I realize my hands are limp at my sides. Reaching up one hand goes to his neck the other his soft hair, tugging a little to get him back to my mouth. When he doesn't move from my neck I whisper his name. It finally I get his attention. He stops his roaming hands and wet mouth to look me in the eyes. "Bella, Bella, Bella. What you've done to me today. You drive me fucking crazy. You don't know how many times Jasper stopped me from taking you today. All those smile to every man, every laugh out of that sexy mouth, even the bbq sauce you always seem to get on your chin. I wanted to kiss you, lick you, eat you. Lord Swan, I've been hard since 8 this morning thinking of you." All the air leaves my body. I attack. Fingers start to fumble with zippers, mouths can't seem to keep loud noises in, moister will not be contained anymore. After my shorts and underwear are somewhere in the bushes, his shorts along with his briefs get pushed down. His hands finally slow, running along my thighs to my ass, he lifts me up, I wrap around him tight. I don't need any help, I'm ready. In a quick move we are lined up, he pushes in fast. And it's wonderful. Today has been one long flirting session. I need fast and hard, I tell him just that. I hear and low, " yes, " hissed through his teeth. My mouth hasn't left his neck since he picked me up. He tastes like smoke and sweat and bbq and just man. Fucking delicious. He hits me right where I need him. "Right there. Don't fucking stop," I all but yell. I hope no one heard me. I can't help but giggle at the prospect. It's coming, that amazing feeling, the one that is addicting, I…"Edward, yes. I'm…I oh, FUCK!" He lets out his own string of curses as we come together. Cullen slumps against me breathing hard. I know he has to be exhausted. A good exhausted I hope. Running my fingers slowly through his sweaty hair, we try to get our breathing under control. What feels like hours later we start to get our clothes back on. Well at least I start to get my pants on my underwear must have been high jacked by a squirrel or something. Gross. Once decent Edward brings his fingers to my cheek lightly running the tips across. I just give him a small smile. Not sure what's going through his handsome head. "I'm so proud of you baby. I knew you were going to win. I didn't think for one second we had a chance against you girls," he gives me a bright proud smile. I can't help my jaw from dropping. "What the hell? You've been giving me shit all month about winning and now you tell me you knew I was going to beat you?" I can't believe I'm hearing this. We are the most completive people I know and now he tells me this! He shrugs, "Of course I'm going to give you crap. That's what we do; it's what has always been the best part of these things. I love our banter. I hope it never stops." leaning towards me, I get a sweet kiss on my forehead. I give him a hug in return. Releasing him I can't help but gloat a little more. "You might've thought I was going to win but I know for sure you tried your hardest and let's be honest your hardest still isn't up to par with mine," I give him a big cheesy smile, he chuckles in return. "Alright Swan, I've heard enough of your mouth for the day. How about we get everything cleaned up so we can head home? It's been a long few days and I miss my brunette babies. I need some loving from my loves." He gives me a wink while reaching out to take my hand, leading us around his trailer. "You know what husband of mine I think I'm in need of some loving from our twinies too. Let's get home," we separated with a kiss of course to our respective trailers and pack up to head home. As I walk towards Fred I hear Edward yell after me. "Oh, and Swan, don't think your luck will stick with you forever. Cullen Clan will beat your asses next time!" Shaking my head at him, I yell back, "Dream on Cullen!" He gives me a huge smile then blows me a kiss. A great day.