"What did he say to you?" "Nothing, he just…" She took a deep breath and shook her head, looking torn between mortification and amusement. "He's outrageous, that's all. I don't know how you put up with him." "Hey, he loves me!" Emmett bellowed. "Well, maybe he's crazy too then!" Bella called back to him. I put the phone to my ear. Emmett was still chuckling. "What did you say to her?" I demanded. "I like her, Eddie. If you had to make stupid choices and get dragged out of a Wawa by a random stranger, you picked a good one to get dragged by." "Okay, but that doesn't answer my—" "Which reminds me—what kind of name is Wawa? Damn, Maryland is full of crazy names. I wonder if there's a crazy name tour. Think you could find out for me?" "Emmett," I hissed between clenched teeth. "What did you say to her?" "Hmm? Oh, nothing much. Listen, lover boy, as much as I hate to break things up you really need to get back to the hotel and get some decisions made." "Fine," I sighed, knowing I wasn't going to get anything out of him that he didn't want to tell. "I'll just ask Bella." Her cheeks flamed red again. "No, you won't," she blurted out loudly. Between guffaws, Emmett ordered me, "Hotel, Edward. And you and your little friend have my permission to exchange phone numbers." He hung up before I could tell him exactly what he could do with his permission. I scowled at the phone and tossed it onto the dash, then turned to Bella. "Why won't you tell me what he said to you?" "If I tell you why, I may as well just tell you what he said." "Well, what did he say, then?" "Never," she declared, her eyes dancing. Amusement had apparently won out over mortification. "I will never tell you." "Never is a very long time, Bella." She made a face of mock astonishment. "You're right!" I rolled my eyes. "Fine. Don't tell me. I'll find out one day." I squeezed her hand, wishing I didn't have to say the next thing. "I have to get to the hotel. My family and I have a lot to discuss, decisions to make…" My voice trailed off as reality filled the car with a heavy weight. "I have to take you back now." "Okay," she agreed quietly. I took comfort in the fact that she didn't let go of my hand. o-o-o-o-o "Are you serious?" I exclaimed, trying not to laugh. She couldn't be serious. She rolled her eyes. "Yes, I'm serious. Don't be mean to my truck." I eyed her skeptically, still unsure if she was telling the truth, but pulled into the space next to the ancient, faded hulk she said was hers. "Car snob," she accused me teasingly. "Guilty," I admitted. "You should see my car at home." "Oh, should I?" "Yes. 2014 Aston Martin Vanquish. Silver. Zero to sixty in 3.6 seconds. Eight speed transmission. Can go 201 miles per hour." I sighed longingly, then realized Bella was giggling. "What?" "Should I leave you alone with your memories? Maybe put on some soft music before I go?" "Shut up," I retorted, grinning. "Don't be mean to my car, Miss Don't-Be-Mean-To-My-Truck." "I wasn't being mean to your car," she pointed out impishly. "I was being mean to you." I laughed. "Oh, that makes it all better then." Impulsively, I reached over and ran a finger down the curve of her smiling cheek. Her breath caught in her throat. "Bella, my life is insane. I work crazy hours, my private life is shrouded with lies and secrecy, I can't go anywhere without security. Add to that what's going on with my mom…" I took a deep breath. "I know I should just say goodbye to you. Being exposed to the general lunacy of my life, and what's… what's coming, cannot be the best thing for you. But, Bella… I don't want to say goodbye. We can just talk on the phone, we'll do whatever you want, but please say we don't have to say goodbye." Her eyes were huge, but I couldn't decipher the emotion in them. Wonder? Doubt? I felt a stab of fear that was washed away when she said faintly, "I don't want to say goodbye either." "You're sure?" She pressed her lips together, then nodded sharply. "Yes." Relieved, I reached to pull her into a hug, pausing at the last moment to ensure it was okay. Then she was in my arms, hers sliding tentatively around my back, and the most inexplicable feelings overwhelmed me. I was home. I was safe. I didn't ever want to let her go. My arms involuntarily tightened around her and I buried my nose in her hair. "Bella, thank you. For saving me." She didn't try to argue with me this time. "Edward," she whispered against my neck, making me fight to suppress a shudder, "you're welcome." o-o-o-o-o A/N: First of all, whoever nominated me for the Twific Fandom Awards- thank you so much! I'm very flattered and excited. :D This one-shot was my submission for the Fandom4Autism fundraiser- my daughter is on the spectrum, which made donating especially meaningful to me. The banner was made by the talented Mina Rivera, who dealt with my whining about Bella's face with admirable patience. :) When I was deciding where to set this I was looking on googlemaps at various places near both Wawas and good cancer treatment centers, and discovered that there really is a town called Fork near Baltimore. So that made the decision very easy. LOL Poor Emmett is wrong though- Wawa stores actually get their name from a town in Pennsylvania, so Maryland doesn't have a monopoly on crazy names. ;) For fun, pics of Edward's cars are on my tumblr, so if you like to drool over fast cars take a look. And if you have a moment, please review!