handle it" I smirk crossing my arms, lifting a challenging brow. "Oh you little short shit... Fine, but don't get mad at me when I kick your mate's ass" she snarls back with a evil smile and a calculative look. "You're only an INCH taller, ya bitch" I sigh out, exasperated. "Still a short shit" she chuckles out before looking back at the two with raised brows. "Men, I swear. All they ever do is stare at you like you have three eyes and purple skin!" she huffs out. This time it was her turn to throw her hands in the air exasperated. I couldn't help but agree though; Jane was the only one who didn't watch us like a damn alien tennis match on Pluto. "So, are we getting this party started or what?" I say to them, clicking my fingers in front of their faces. Rolling my eyes as they give me the 'huh' look. Men. Isa, getting impatient, tilted her head to the side and the boys were flipping in the air. Both of them landing on their feet sliding back a little as they slowed their momentum. Both Jane and I doing back flips away from them, jumping into the trees to watch the show, Felix joining us soon after, the branch groaning under his weight. So many smart ass comments came to mind but, only with amazing willpower, I saved them for later. Right now, it was time to enjoy the show. Hell, I wasn't too keen to see my mate get his ass handed to him but, in reality, I just loved the way his muscles looked when he fought. Even more so when I know that he always seemed to lose his shirt, though I think Isa did that just for me so I could completely enjoy the fine man that is my mate. All three in a triangle, their eyes locked on as they stood in a Mexican standoff. Jasper shot forward, faking right and ducking under her as she pounced before shooting up and using his shoulder as a hit and causing her body to fly up, her nails shredding his shirt as she went. As he stood he ripped it from his frame, his brows pulled down in a frown at the scrap of black fabric. "Dammit Bella! I liked this shirt" he huffs out before rolling his shoulders and cracking his neck. "Are you going to stomp your foot too?" she taunts, as she gets to her feet. Suddenly she was tackled to the ground, a snarl escaping her lips as she bares her teeth while twisting in Demitri's arms. "What the fuck?" "Rule number one when facing multiple opponents Isabella, always keep an eye on every single one of the bastards and this won't happen. How many times do I have to remind you?" my mate sighs out, even giving her a frustrated look. "You're a vampire, you have no excuse" he states as she opens her mouth to reply, effectively shutting her up. I couldn't help it, I really couldn't, "yeah... don't turn your back on an enemy, ya silly bitch." This place, the field of awesome, was the only place we didn't have to be formal. She hated formal and saw us as equals. I couldn't have been happier to hear that than if someone told me that we could digest food. God I miss food... and coffee. Yeah, I'd be happy like a kid being let loose in a damn chocolate factory if someone told me that. I was pulled out of my thoughts of the black bliss and back to the fight by the sound of an annoyed growl followed by a crack as my mate went flying into a tree. Not just any tree, Felix's tree. "Hey, watch out. You nearly hit me!" I scowl at her. She evened me with a flat stare "I missed." Jane burst out into laughter as she gripped the tree so she wouldn't fall off the branch and fall into the soggy, muddy ground. The rain had stopped an hour ago but the sky still clapped with thunder and lightning. I watched as Isa's knees buckled a little as her eyes drifted shut, shaking her head and spinning, snarling at Jasper who had a look of deep concentration on his face. Ah, he was using his gift and by the looks of it, he was struggling to affect her. "It won't work" she smirks back before doing a few short jabs. His body jerked as it acted like he was being shot, his eyes wide in shock. "The fuck just happened?" "She used her gift" Felix informs us as he jumps to a new tree. "She can control it now?" I ask. "Well, she effectively used it. Once you learn the major connection with it, you can learn it and remember it" he tells me seriously, pointing back to the field as she curls down and throws her head and arms back, the noise from before echoing as my mate, Jasper and poor Afton, who got caught in the explosion of her gift, to fly and spin through the air, landing several miles from the field. "Well, what a thing to see." All eyes shot to Caius as he leant against a tree with a smirk on his face. "Personally, Master, I say it was a little anticlimactic" I click my tongue and smirk. A/N: Well first chapter of Unyielding Love, what do you all think? This story is gonna be a lot darker than the first. Also, huge thanks to Speklez, my awesomely awesome kickass savior for helping me with the damn chapter and lending me her mind of goodness... 4955 words... Think it's the largest chapter yet. Also, I will not be able to update weekly like last time, I am on chapter three. Unless you want me to just leave this up and you guys wait a little till I have more chapters? Ellie