school system." I said my voice heavy with drama and sarcasm I even put my hand on my forehead for added measure. "Oh hush it won't be that bad, you already know some people that go there." She encouraged, I sighed and smiled at her I forgot about Embry, Paul, and Quil, maybe I could find Embry the friendliest of the three and ask him to show me to my classes./p p style="text-align: center;"After eating breakfast I kissed my mom on the cheek and left, the weather was perfect, slightly raining and super cloudy. I felt my stomach churn with anxiety as I sat in the La Push High parking lot, I drummed my thumbs lightly on the steering wheel as I watched students file into the building talking and laughing with old friends as they went. I inevitably stepped out of my car and headed into the building, the main hall was alive with student chatter, I could barely hear myself think in the mass groups. I spotted the main office and went in the sound from outside now became a dull noise in the stagnant office space. I walked over to the front desk where a middle-aged woman sat she looked persistently annoyed with her job as she mindlessly stared at her computer. /p p style="text-align: center;"I cleared my throats softly, letting her know I was there she looked up at me with a dead expression I smiled at her "Hi I'm new to this school, and I was wondering if I could get my class schedule." I informed, my hands fidgeted awkwardly" name?" The woman sighed "Eleanor Holt" I answered she grumbled something under her breath before the printer next to her made a noise, she grabbed the paper from it and handed it to me "Here you go." She said flatly quickly returning back to her computer "thank you." I exclaimed before exiting quickly. /p p style="text-align: center;"I stared down at the paper first hour - American government, I quickly got Lost in the halls of the school desperately looking down at the piece of paper and back up at the number signs that marked each hallway, but nothing made sense./p p style="text-align: center;""Need some help, new girl?" A deep voice behind me said, I turned and saw embryo smiling widely at me as though he had seen me struggle. I giggled and ran a hand down my face "Is it that obvious?" I huffed he grabbed the paper from my hand "Yes very." He said with a cheeky grin "Ah American government that sucks I'll show you where it is." He started walking and beckoned for me to follow "So how do you like la push so far?" Embry asked, "I love it all the rain and cloudiness and the big beautiful forest I'm definitely happy to be back." I said with a light smile on my face, " that's the first I've heard of somebody liking the weather here." He scoffed, then he turned toward me " hey some of my friends and I are going to the beach to hang out and surf tonight wanna come?" He asked, I smiled and nodded "Yeah sure that be awesome." My body filled with excitement, maybe making friends here wouldn't be too hard, "great I'll let the guys know anyway here is your class I'll see you tonight, oh by the way the beach is called First Beach, try not to get lost." he jested before walking away disappearing into the mass of students walking to class. /p p style="text-align: center;"I playfully scoffed before entering my class, I sat in the farthest corner of the class trying my best not to be seen. After a few minutes, people started filing into the class. I kept my eyes locked on my paper as I started sketching a forest line, with mountains in the back I started getting really into it when a voice next to me broke my concentration. "That's really good," I turned to see who had said it, next to me was a boy that looked to be seventeen maybe eighteen, he had long glossy black hair that was pulled back with a rubber band to rest on the nape of his neck. His skin was gorgeous, soft and russet-colored; his eyes were dark and deep set resting just behind the high points of his cheekbones. His face still held a small bit of adolescent roundness, he smiled at me it was soft and playful. /p p style="text-align: center;"I pulled myself out of my daze "... thank you, I'm trying to get better but, I don't know." I said looking up at him then back down at the sketch. "Hey it's all about practice, if I gave up on every motorcycle or car that was above my skill level or was too hard I would never be better than I was." he said the same goofy smile on his lips, I giggled lightly "You're right, maybe I'll keep practicing I'll draw you a masterpiece one day." His face lit up, and he nodded "I would like that." I felt the blood rush to my cheeks as I looked at him, he was so easy to talk to he made it easy. We probably would have kept talking but the teacher starting class caused us to break from the conversation. I felt some feeling bubbling up in my stomach a feeling I couldn't describe, "Hey… what's your name?" he whispered softly from beside me, I smiled and leaned over toward him a bit " Eleanor Holt, but call me Ellie." I whispered back, I quickly responded with same question "What's yours?" he smiled at me " my names Jacob Black it's nice to meet you Ellie." he responded then turned his attention back to the teacher. Jacob black I thought to myself, what a beautiful face./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;" /p