she was fine, even going as far as hiding any signs of pain or exhaustion from her during her hospital stay following James' attack. It wasn't the first time he wondered who had actually taken care of whom in that relationship. Bella seemed far more motherly toward Renee, comforting and assuring her all the time that she was fine. He wondered then as he had back in Phoenix, if Bella had been the one taking care of Renee during her childhood instead of the other way around. Taking Bella's clothes and jacket downstairs, he put them into the front loading washer and smiled softly as he thought of Esme. She would want for Bella to have clean warm clothes to put on once she woke and would insist upon washing her clothing as he was doing now. His brow furrowed as he added the bit of soap and turned on the machine. Turning around as his mind replayed the brief interaction between Bella and his son, he realized that Emmett had seen her in a similar state before. Perhaps not as sickly as she was now, but her trouble with sleeping did not seem to surprise Emmett. Returning to his bedroom, he opened the door to find his son leaning against the headboard of the bed with Bella tucked against his side. "You've seen her like this before," Carlisle said softly as he looked at his son. Emmett nodded silently as he pulled the blankets up around Bella's shoulders. She stirred against him, her breath hitching as a pained whimper sounded from her softly. He shushed her gently, looking up when Carlisle moved to sit on Bella's side opposite him. Carlisle touched Bella's hair as he waited for his son to answer him, hoping to give his sleeping human daughter the comfort of their presence. "After Phoenix," Emmett began softly. "After James when we brought Bella home, I used to watch over her sometimes when Edward would leave to hunt." Emmett was silent for a moment as he looked down on Bella before meeting his father's eyes once more. "She'd have nightmares, pretty bad ones. I don't know if she didn't have them when Edward was with her, or if she just hid them when he was around, but I found after awhile that if I held her while she slept they didn't seem so bad. She'd still have them, still wake up like she was fighting or searching for something, but they never seemed this bad. This is the first time I've seen her since we came back," he tipped his head, "well since the night of the vote anyway." Carlisle nodded, "She's dehydrated to say the least," he said as he touched Bella's face. "Stay with her, I'm going to pick up a few things from the hospital for her." "The hospital?" Emmett asked as he glanced down at Bella. "She's that bad?" Pressing his lips together in worry, Carlisle met Emmett's gaze. "I discovered this evening that during the entire time we were gone she has been taking sedatives to help her sleep, stimulants to keep her awake during the day and anti nausea medicine." Emmett frowned deeply at that and slid down to lie next to Bella on the pillows as he pulled her against his chest when she whimpered in her sleep again. Kissing her forehead as he spoke to her softly, he encouraged her to sleep and promised her that she wasn't alone. It had been a point of contention in the beginning that Edward wouldn't tell anyone what he had said to Bella, only telling them that he had made it clear they were leaving. He wondered now, as he had several times before, exactly what it was his brother had said to the girl in his arms. Thinking back to the last time he had held her while she slept, Emmett looked up at Carlisle and asked him to bring a book from the shelves by the window. He remembered that she had slept better when he had read aloud to her and smiled softly when his father handed him Anne of Green Gables. Accepting the book from Carlisle as he kept Bella tucked in his arms, Emmett opened the novel and began to read aloud, keeping his voice soft and inflecting just enough of the famous vampire charm to make his soothing baritone work as a lullaby of sorts. Looking down as he felt her hand move from beneath the blankets, Emmett smiled to see her clutching his shirt in her loose fist. He looked up when Carlisle reached out to tuck Bella's hair behind her ear and found his father's expression to be full of worry and grief for the girl. Leaning down over them, Carlisle pressed a gentle kiss to Bella's cheek and stood from the bed. "I shouldn't be too long," he assured Emmett and reached into his pocket for Bella's phone. "Charlie called a few minutes ago. Keep this close in case he or Edward calls for her." "I want to know what he said to her," Emmett said in a low voice, his words almost growled. "So do I," Carlisle said and walked out of the room. He released a silent sigh as he pulled the door almost closed and looked at the painted wood barrier. He had been suspicious before that Bella wasn't doing as well as she wanted everyone to believe, but now he had undeniable proof. His eyes fell closed as his mind once more played over what the pharmacist had told him. Every two weeks Bella needed to buy sedatives and stimulants and almost every week she had to buy anti nausea medicine. She couldn't sleep, couldn't seem to stay awake and most likely wasn't able to keep anything down. "Oh my daughter," he thought aloud, his voice barely a whisper as he moved back down the stairs and to the front door. "I will fix this. Somehow, I will fix this."