made shy and self-conscious by the way he's looking at me, as if he's seen the heavens open up. As if he were blind, and he's seeing for the first time. He told me he thought I was an angel the first time he saw me. As his mouth melds back to mine and he pushes me into the mattress, my mind drifts to the time we first met… I'd gone camping with a group of friends over Memorial Day weekend. There were eight of us girls crowded into two tents, but the nights got cold and the shared body heat made it worth it. We spent the weekend eating way too many roasted marshmallows, drinking too many Bellini's and too much beer. We went on hikes by the river, and on Saturday afternoon we even braved a dip in it. We shrieked the entire time—the water was ice cold, like tiny knives pricking all over my skin. We didn't last long at all; it was pretty much in and out. On Sunday morning, I woke up early. The sun was just lifting over the horizon, turning the tips of the mountains on fire. The sky was a brilliant ombre of pinks and oranges, and I set out for a solitary hike. Under the shade of the pine trees, it was chilly, and as I crunched over the mulch of the forest floor, I tucked my hands up into the sleeves of my hooded sweatshirt. There wasn't a soul in sight. I remember feeling like I could have been the only person in the world. It was so quiet, only a few birds chirping up in the branches nearby. And then I heard him scream. It was an agonizing, blood-curdling, heart-stopping scream. It was so desperate, and yet so resigned, all at the same time, and I was running toward it. I had no idea what I was in for, all I knew was that there was something seriously wrong, and this person needed help. I burst into a clearing, stumbling so hard I nearly fell on my hands and knees. As I recovered, I saw the source of the terror. Under the attack of a ginormous grizzly bear, was a man I would consider big if he weren't literally right next to a bear. It was clear this man was on the short end of the stick. From across the clearing, I could see the state he was in, and it wasn't good. If someone didn't do something quick, this man was going to die. Seeing as I was the only one around, I figured I was the one who needed to do something about it. I'm not a big girl. Average height, but pretty slim. Me against a grizzly bear? No go. But before I could rationalize this, I was running, screaming, arms waving in the air, at the bear. It looked up at me, and scattered. I was too concerned about the man crumpled on the ground to even be surprised that I'd deterred the bear. I was running toward the man then, ripping off my sweatshirt as I dropped to my knees beside him. The early morning air bit into my bare arms, slicing through the thin material of my t-shirt, but I barely even noticed it. He was still conscious, blinking at me through the blood in his eyes. I mopped at it with my sweatshirt. " It's okay," I told him; my voice was shaking, "It's going to be okay, you're gonna be fine." He murmured something unintelligible. " What?" I asked, and I lifted myself higher for more leverage. I needed to get this man into the public eye, so I could get him some help. " You're… an angel," he mumbled. Oh god. He was delirious. " My name is Rosalie, I'm going to get you some help. What's your name?" " Angel…" he murmured again, and he had the strength to lift his hand and touch my face. "You're not… real." I shook my head, staring intently into his eyes. "I'm not an angel. My name is Rosalie, and I'm going to get you some help. Now, c'mon, let's get you up." I wrapped my arms around him, straining to pull him into a sitting position. I groaned, yanking on him with all of my strength, but it was to no avail. He was deadweight in my arms, and I was clearly not strong enough to lift him. " Come on!" I grunted, pulling harder, "You need to get up! We need to move you so you can get some help!" Somehow, he gathered a small inkling of strength, and we got him sitting up. " Okay, good," I told him, panting. I was working up a sweat, no longer cold, "Can you stand?" I got him up on one knee, but when he tried to put weight on the other foot, he collapsed against me. All the air rushed out of my lungs as I worked to hold him up. " My leg," he wheezed, "I think it's broken." " It's okay—don't put your weight on it. Use me to pull yourself up." We were on our feet a few minutes later, and though I felt I was about to collapse, I forced myself to drag this man back to the path. Hours later, after I'd waited for this man to get out of surgery, I learned his name was Emmett Cullen. Cleaned up, without all the… blood and guts all over… He looked beautiful. Curly, boyish hair, bright blue eyes, dimples in his cheeks when he smiled—which was often. I had an idea that it might've been the painkillers he was on. He told me he owed me for saving his life. He cooked dinner for me a week later—and though I tried to help, as he still wasn't in the best shape, he insisted he wanted to do it all himself—and that was the beginning of our relationship.