go tell Bella you loved her. I knew that wasn't going to work. I really needed to spend time thinking everything over. Bella and Amelia deserved the best, and I was bound to give it to them. So I devised a plan and spent the rest of my free time bringing it to fruition. I had no time to let fear and nerves overwhelm me. That was until I had done everything I could and had to wait. During my family Christmas gathering, I was distracted, I paced when I couldn't sit still, and my eyes were glued to watching the slow movement of the clock. My mind was pre-occupied with thoughts of Bella and Amelia and what they were doing. Maybe they were sitting on her couch as they watched a movie with steaming mugs of hot cocoa. I smiled when I envisioned me sitting with them next year. "You're so distracted, honey, why not go to Bella's now?" I heard the excitement in my mother's voice. She had a hard time containing her smile when I told her of my revelation. As much as I wanted to leap into action with her words, I had a plan, a plan to show my love for her and Amelia. When I told my mom exactly that, she laughed at me, then she took both of my hands in hers and peered deep in my eyes. "Girls don't need grand gestures. All we ever really want is what is in your heart. Go to her, talk to her and the rest will fall into place." The honesty I saw in her eyes was more than enough to convince me to run out the door and the one place where my heart lived. Amelia POV 2 years later I watched as Edward promised to love, cherish, and honor Bella all the days of her life before all our friends and family. I loved that word- family. When I had lost mine, I never thought I would ever get to be a part of one. But one snowy Christmas Eve, Edward changed all that. When we opened the door to a breathless but excited Edward, both of us were rather confused. But then he spoke. He declared how much he loved Bella, how he wanted to be more than her friend, he wanted her to be his life and love. Tears fell from her eyes as she declared that she had always loved him. They hugged and when they finally pulled apart, I remember him picking me up and telling me that he loved me as well and if it was alright with me, he was going to marry Bella one day. He then asked me if I wanted him as a dad. I hugged him close and told him I asked Santa for one and I hoped that he would send him. He had tears in his eyes when I spoke. It wasn't until the next year when I no longer believed in Santa that he showed me the letter I had written and how he realized he also wanted to be my dad. They were engaged that Christmas. A Christmas Eve wedding was planned. It was the only fitting day. But it was the day after Christmas we were looking forward to the most. We had a date in front of Judge Irina Denali, a friend of the Cullen's who was going to finalize Edward's adoption of me. We would ring in the New Year as Cullen's and there was nothing that I wanted more. As the reception swirled around me I kept my eyes glued to Bella and Edward. They looked so in love and I couldn't be happier for them both. Around us were mostly Cullens', and it was still amazing how they welcomed us into the family. I counted myself blessed from going to just the two of us to an entire family to love us. My musings were interrupted by Edward standing by me, clanging his fork on his glass to get everyone's attention. "On behalf of Bella, Amelia, and myself, thank you for coming. It means so much that you could be a part of our special day, not only tonight, but in a few days when I finally get to call Amelia my daughter." I hugged him close, tears pooling in my eyes. "But there is one more thing that we would like to share with you." I looked up at him and Bella to find both their eyes were shining with happiness. They handed me a small gift bag. "Open it," prodded Bella. I pushed aside the colorful tissue paper to see a picture. It took me a while to figure out what it was, but when I saw the words, I screamed. "Is this true?" When they both nodded, I hugged them both before turning to the crowd and holding up the tiny picture. "I'm going to be a big sister!" I clutched the sonogram picture where my baby sister or brother waved to me with the words "Hello Big Sister" in a thought bubble. The crowd erupted into loud applause and exclamations of delight. But all I could focus on was the feeling of my life being complete. All I had ever wanted was to be part of a family once more and at that moment, my deepest Christmas wish came true. A/N: Awwww... soo sweet! Did ya like? If so... leave me some love! I know.. its been forever since ya got a new story from me... BUT... I have some news! I will posting a new one soon! YAY! I'm hoping it can start in January some time.. its titled: Anything But Mine.. and if you're a fan of Kenny Chesney that name will sound familiar... and you would be correct. Its a fic based off that song. If your not familiar with it.. look up on youtube... the video gives me constant inspiration. Until then.. leave me some love!