pathetic excuse as even though they had to drive to school it wasn't like they had to go out of their way to get to school but she wasn't in the mood to really be talking about her feelings today. She doubted that Edward would believe any of it because the words coming out of her mouth would always be the opposite of what she was thinking and they both knew it. Grabbing her backpack from her bed which was never slept in, Mina slid past Edward and wordlessly made her way downstairs so this day could already get started. This was going to be a long day that much Mina could already tell as and that was before she had gone to school and be forced to sit through a curriculum that she knew back to front. Mina had been through it so many times that she could probably teach the material better than any of her teachers. Already Mina was dragging her feet, forcing Edward to trail along behind her at a rather slow pace. Upon reaching the first floor Mina's eyes averted to the south facing wall which wasn't really an actual wall given that it was made out of glass. The day seemed dreary, grey clouds hung in the sky and the weather seemed to match Mina's new found depressed mood for the most part. If anyone outside her family looked at Mina at that precise moment they would think that she was just aimlessly looking outside and doing nothing more than that. But she wasn't. Mina was doing more than that and with a mere blink of her eyes it began to rain. It wasn't a sudden downpour, it was subtle but nonetheless it was raining. Mina couldn't read minds like Edward or see the future like her sister Alice but she could manipulate the weather. It was a handy little thing for a vampire to be able to do given that they tended to 'reflect' when they were in direct sunlight on sunny days. Mina got to play with the weather and she liked having it rain when she was sad, hence the rain now. Knowing that she could no longer put off the inevitable Mina skulked off in the direction of the garage where she could already see her sister Rosalie going off on a tirade about living in Forks. It seemed like Mina wasn't the only one having a very bad day. "I hate this place." Rosalie darkly commented to Emmett as Mina walked into the garage, pausing briefly to offer up a smile that Mina forced herself to return. She was going to have to pull herself together as she couldn't be miserable forever as that was Edward's job. "How can you hate this pace Rose? We've live in a small town where it rains like three hundred days of the year even without my help! If there was such a place as heaven for vampires then I am telling you that it would look a lot like Forks, if it wasn't already Forks. Sure it's not as big as other places we've lived Rose but we get to be somewhat normal and that's the whole point, right? That's the appeal of the lifestyle we live. We don't have to be define by us being vampires, we can pretend to be normal or as normal as vampires can be in a town like Forks! Besides we do normal way better than any of those humans do it and you know it Rose." Mina quipped, forcing a smile on her face as she needed her family to think that everything was fine. That she could handle herself and wouldn't need them to babysit her like she was a child despite the fact that she knew that would never happen. Regardless Mina smiled as she opened her car door and placed her backpack on the passenger seat, before turning to her sister. Mina hoped that her statement about being normal worked on her sister and brightened up Rosalie's mood given that she knew the one thing Rose wanted more than anything was to be normal. She wanted to be human again "I guess your right Mina." Rosalie replied with a small smirk. "You shouldn't have to guess Rose, by know you should know that I'm always right about these kind of things!" Mina retorted in a challenging manner as she attempted to lift both hers and Rose's mood. "Can't believe that we seriously have to go along in that thing Mina." Emmett commented referring to Mina's car; her old school volkswagen buggy which he seemed to have a big problem with which made Mina love her car even more. Her siblings loved to drive fast cars and expensive but Mina didn't see the appeal as she knew she could outrun whatever car they had. Plus her family's taste in cars tended to draw more unwanted attention to them and it was already hard enough being vampires living in close proximity to human every day without Mina making things harder. "Well you better believe it Emmett because you know that in a town like this, we can't draw attention to ourselves with expensive cars. Even my little bug is going to stand out but not as much as the other cars, so the bug is in and the Mercedes' are out, well for me at least..." Mina replied feeling marginally better thanks to Emmett albeit it at the expense of an insult towards her car. But Mina knew not to take it personally. He was just trying to lighten the mood as they all knew that it was going to be an arduous day for Mina without worrying about Alice and Edward keeping a close eye on her and scrutinizing her every move. So having Emmett tease her in a playful manner made Mina feel just a tad bit better. "Do what you gotta do Mina, but don't expect me to ride with you."