clearing. My eyes burned, my fists clenched in my pockets and I didn't know how I was going to get through this. Not with my heart in one piece. Not with my soul. "I don't understand." The sound of his voice brought me back to myself, and nearly broke me. A cold, airless panic gripped me and I shut my eyes. I could stop this now. I could wrap my arms around him and say lets go inside and watch a movie and snuggle on the sofa. But that wouldn't solve anything. I reminded myself again why I was doing this. I thought of Edward's soul. "I've been thinking too. A lot." My throat felt like it was closing over and I swallowed hard. "And I think…I'm going to Jacksonville. To my Mom." Edward shifted. He sank his hands into the pockets of his jeans. "You need a break?" "No. Not a break. I'm leaving and…I'm not coming back." Understanding dawned across his face, there was a flash of something in his eyes, but then it was gone. "I see," he said. His eyes were suddenly empty, his face a smooth mask – the shutters had come down. "Are you doing this because you think it's what I want?" My nails dug into my palms and somehow the pain kept me focused. I dug harder. "No. It's what I want. You've been right all along. There's no place for me in your world, last night proved that to me." He gave a quick, sharp nod of his head. "I should be glad you've come to your senses, but this is quite a turnaround from last night when you were talking about finding a way to make things work." "I know, I know, but…" It was like he could see right through me, see the lie, and I could feel my resolve fading fast. I had to end this now, and I knew how to do it. I bit the inside of my cheek hard as I steeled myself. "We don't belong together, Edward. You…you're not good for me." He didn't react. Didn't move. Except for the faintest flicker of his eye. I didn't know how I was still standing. Inside I was curled in a heap on the ground, sobbing his name. "I know that sounds harsh, but…" "No, not at all," he said quickly. "You're right. And this is what I've always wanted for you." I dropped my eyes. I couldn't look at him anymore. "When do you leave?" he asked. "Tonight. Charlie's driving me to the airport at Port Angeles in an hour." "An hour." There was the faintest break in his voice, and it was like a thousand hot knives in my heart. "How did he take the news?" I shrugged, still staring down. I'd told Charlie this morning that I was breaking up with Edward and that meant I wouldn't be able to stay in Forks. I thought he'd try to convince me otherwise, but I got the feeling he thought better of it. I could only imagine what my face must have looked like when I told him. "He was surprised," I said. "But I've let him know this is all me, not you." I forced myself to look up. Edward was statue still. Face like stone. "I'm so sorry, Edward." He waved his hand, dismissing my words. "I've told you before," he said. "This is what I wanted for you." "But I want you to know, I regret nothing," I said quickly, almost frantic for him to know that. "Not one second. And I'll always remember. The time we've had will always be so, so special to me." I wondered if he believed me. He nodded and looked away, into the trees. "Me too," he whispered. I was on the verge of breaking down and telling him the truth. "I have to go now, but first I want you to promise me something." His gaze, flat and empty, came back to me. My voice shook as I spoke, and now my words were like a plea. It was so important that he understood this next part. "You have to move on and live your life. You have a beautiful heart, Edward, and a lot of love to give. Please don't close yourself off. If you have the chance to share that love again, with someone who's right for you , do it . You deserve to be loved. Please, let yourself be." I stepped forward and touched his cheek. His skin seemed colder than usual, but I savoured this last touch, burning the feel of him into my memory. "Promise me." His reserve cracked. His lips parted and the sudden, fleeting flare of emotion in his eyes knocked the breath from me. "Bella…" he whispered. I clenched my teeth. "Promise me. Do this last thing for me." He closed his eyes and nodded. "I promise." He turned his face, his lips almost grazing my palm, but not quite. "And I'll make you a promise too," I said quickly, dropping my hand and stepping back before I buckled. "I'll take care of myself, and I'll make sure I live that long life you've always wanted for me. I'll do that for you." His mask was back in place, and he nodded again. Now I had to get away quickly before the tears started because I knew that once they did, I'd be a mess on the forest floor, Edward would know the truth, and this would all be for nothing. I turned and walked away, back towards Charlie's house. As I stepped over the fallen log, over the pieces of my shattered, lifeless heart, Edward's voice came to me, like a whisper on the breeze… "Bella…" And that was all it took. I turned round, ready to run back into his arms, but Edward had already gone. A/N: Opening paragraph is from "New Moon" copyright Stephenie Meyer. Next chapter should be up next week J