Isabella." All I could do was moan louder as he slipped one of his fingers inside me. Using his thumb to rub my clit. "Do you want me to fuck you, here in this room?" He groaned when I clinched my muscles around his finger. I must have given him some kind of sign that that's exactly what I wanted. I groaned as his fingers left my pussy, and sighed when I heard the faint sound of a zipper ascending. I didn't even hear the pants hit the grown before I felt him at my entrance once again. I could hear a ripping sound and looked over to notice my gown shreds on the floor. "Holy fuck, oh god." I moaned in not only pleasure but also pain. He was defiantly bigger then Jake, and that was just the head of him. "Shh. It's okay. Oh shit." I could hear the strain in his breathless voice. I felt his hand cover my mouth. I did not understand why, until he thrust all the way into me. Causing me to scream out. He was laying on me now. His hand still on my mouth as I tried not to cry from the sudden pain. I could feel my eyes burn with unshed tears. I could tell it was taking a lot for him to stay still inside me. I was happy for it thought. I don't think it hurt this much last time. However, I would not give this up for the world. I could feel his hot breath on my neck as he whispered in me ear. "Fuck Bella…you're so fucking tight…..so wet for me" His voice was rough and held some kind of pain. I could tell he was trying to hold himself back, and that was the last thing I wanted. He slowly removed his hand from my mouth and put both of them under me, hanging on to my shoulders from behind. I moved back a little, causing him to hiss from the friction. Once I was sure it wouldn't hurt I started rocking back and forth, trying to get more and more of him inside me. As much as I could, being he was still lying on top of me. I took my feet out of the sternums so I could wrap me legs around him. Using my feet, I tried to push him further into me. He lifted his head from my neck and made eye contact with me. I could feel his ass clenching as he slowly thrust forward. Like he was testing the waters. I couldn't help but moan out as he pulled all the way out, only the head of his cock left inside of me. His hips shot forward, using his hands that were still clinching my shoulders, he pushed me into him, going into me as far as he could. My hands went to his back. I knew I had to be drawing blood with how tightly I was hanging onto him. With every thrust, his grunting and my moaning became louder. I could tell he was getting closer. His thrusts were becoming wild. I wasn't far behind him. I felt his right hand slid down my body, only to stop when his thumb touched my clit, and that was my undoing. "Oh fuck! Don't….stop….please…god!" I felt my muscles contract around him as I came. "Shit!" His head went to my shoulder as he buried himself all the way in me I felt him biting my neck hard enough to break the skin, he shuddered as he spilled into me. A muffled groan came out of his mouth as he pumped into me a few more times. I laid there trying to catch my breath while drowning myself in the blissful afterglow. I looked at the man above me. I didn't want this to end. I knew damn well that, that was the best orgasm I would ever have. I didn't have much to go on as is. It would take forever to find another "orgasmic high" like this. "You know Miss Swan; I think we're going to have to run another test?" Dr Cullen smirked. We both groaned in loss as he pulled out of me. I watched as he slowly pulled his boxers and pants up at the same time. Giving me my last chance to view his manhood. I'm surprised it fit at all. He chuckled once and smirked again when he caught me looking. I wanted to laugh at the fact that I could still blush after everything we just did. "Why don't you come back in on Wednesday, say, around 11?" He asked while handing me back my paper-thin ass crack nightgown. He wanted to see me again? I gave him what I could only assume a confused look, and nodded. "Maybe afterwards I can take you to lunch. I am going to let you know now Miss Swan, that I don't do this kind of thing. Never have and, I can't say never will, because I will be seeing you on Wednesday, wont I?" He leaned over me and kissed my forehead making my stomach flutter. Giving me one last look, he left the room. Once I heard the door shut, I let me head fall back with a thump. "Wow." After finally getting my legs to move again, I got dressed, throwing my torn nightgown in the hazards bend. I didn't think it would be a good idea for someone to find it. I left the room, got my appointment card for Wednesday and headed to my truck. When I reached into my purse to put my card away I found a Note from Carlisle. See you soon. Call my cell if you ever need a private check up. 937-206-1533 - Carlisle Did I mention that I love pap smears. The sequel will be 3-5 years later. I hope to have at least half of it done within a week. Fingers crossed. ~Willow~