was pattern of scrapes, cuts, and bruises. These small injuries barely even registered to her. She did not understand that each mark I put on her body was etched forever in my infallible vampire brain. That for the rest of my existence when I think of this day, I will feel the same pain, the same shame that I felt at this moment. I realized that I didn't want her to know. When she finally lifted her eyes to mine, they were filled with doubt and uncertainty. Well, I could not change what I had done to her body, but I could certainly fix this other hurt that I had unknowingly given her. "It seems I have more to apologize for." I said softly, frowning at my own stupidity. "I didn't dream that you would construe the way I feel about what I did to you to mean that last night wasn't…well, the best night of my existence. But I don't want to feel that way, not when you were…" It was painful to see the small hopeful smile curve her lips and know how deeply my selfishness and thoughtlessness had hurt her, again. "Really? The best ever?" she asked timidly. I reached to cradle her face in my hands. I had to explain, somehow, what it had been like for me. I searched for the words… "I spoke to Carlisle after you and I made our bargain, hoping he could help me. Of course he warned me that this would be very dangerous for you." I had been so close to…doing the unthinkable. "He had faith in me, though…faith I didn't deserve." Her eyes widened and she opened her mouth to protest, to defend me…I pressed my fingers to her lips before she could even start. "I also asked him what I should expect. I didn't know what it would be for me…what with my being a vampire." I tried to smile, to ease the worry I saw in her face. "Carlisle told me it was a very powerful thing, like nothing else. He told me physical love was something I should not treat lightly. With our rarely changing temperatures, strong emotions can alter us in permanent ways. But he said I did not need to worry about that part – you had already altered me so completely." That was nothing but truth. I was definitely not the same man I had been before I met her. It was easier to smile this time, seeing how this admission made her eyes brighten. "I spoke to my brothers, too. They told me it was a very great pleasure. Second only to drinking human blood." I frowned a little, comparing the two experiences. "But I've tasted your blood, and there could be no blood more potent than that…I don't think they were wrong, really. Just that it was different for us. Something more." I could almost believe I did still have a soul, thinking of her eyes when we finally joined, the look in them – so warm – and that one moment when I felt her all around me, filling my senses, touching me on a level that was definitely more than physical. "It was more. It was everything." I shook my head sharply, trying to clear my mind. Yes, it had been more, none the less…"That doesn't change the fact that it was wrong. Even if it were possible that you really did feel that way." How could she, really? Some of the bruising looked to be bone deep. I cringed, knowing the pain she must be in. She glowered at me, "What does that mean? Do you think I'm making this up? Why!?" I dropped my eyes, ashamed. "To ease my guilt." I said softly. I studied my hands, now laying harmlessly in my lap. Hating their hardness, their icy chill, their deadly strength. "I can't ignore the evidence, Bella. Or your history of letting me off the hook when I make mistakes." It was unexpected, the way she grabbed my chin and leaned in to glare at me. Her eyes, usually so soft, so gentle, were hard as agate. She bent until we were literally nose to nose, forcing me to stare, to read the fury in her face…. "You listen to me, Edward Cullen, " She hissed, "I am not pretending anything for your sake. I didn't even know there was a reason to make you feel better until you started being all miserable." Her hot, harmless anger was endearing, and I felt my lips twitch, despite my misery. "I've never been so happy in all my life – I wasn't this happy when you decided that you loved me more than you wanted to kill me, or the first morning I woke up and you were there waiting for me…Not when I heard your voice in the ballet studio…" I flinched as that memory flashed through my mind. It had been so very, very close…"or when you said 'I do' and I realized that, somehow, I got to keep you forever. I have never been so happy, " She said fiercely. "So just deal with it." She let me go and leaned back, arms crossing, lips set in a determined, stubborn line. She scowled as if daring me to contradict her. She was adorable. Okay. So I couldn't force her to admit anything. And the damage was already done. I would try to make it up to her. Beginning immediately. I reached up and gently smoothed the puckered 'v' from between her brows. "I am making you unhappy now. I don't want to do that." "Then don't you be unhappy. That's the only thing that's wrong here." She leaned into my hand, anger draining from her eyes. My thumb skimmed over her cheek, lightly tracing the bruise there. I tried to control my reaction, but she caught part of it I think. So I took a deep breath and moved to divert her attention –