and he seemed to think about it for a while. "Well, yeah," he conceded. "And Jacob needs help putting on his knife belt, sometimes." I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Jacob knew my little brother was fascinated with the work he and my father did, and never hesitated to show off to Isaac all the weapons he held and all the different ways he knew how to use them. It annoyed me. He was five. He didn't need that in his head. "Jacob can put his own belt on." "You don't like Jacob?" "You know I don't." "Well, he likes you," Isaac said, yawning and turning the opposite direction on my pillow so he was facing away from me. "He talks about you all the time. How pretty your hair is. How your smile is like stars in the sky." "He said that?" I scoffed, wishing it was easier for me to stop making my dislike so obvious. I didn't want Isaac feeling like I hated his idol. "One time I went with him when he was doing laundry, and he said that when you go swimming at night, you'll sing. And he said it's the prettiest singing he's ever heard." I paused, unaware until now that anyone knew about my nightly swimming sessions. I swam all the time; it was one of those things that I had loved before and after the sickness. Our camp had been chosen specifically because of the convenience of our location: we were right behind a totally empty hospital, which was full of supplies, beds, and other useful things, including a place for us to stay when the weather got bad. Also, we weren't even a mile from a natural spring, which was naturally occurring, ice-cold fresh water that we could use for nearly anything. My dad didn't like us swimming in it, and Jacob knew that. I would expect him to reprimand me for breaking rules like that. "What else does he say about me, Isaac?" I had apparently taken too long to reply to him, his tiny breaths elongating, and I sighed, letting him sleep. I carefully climbed over top of him and moved onto his cot, not bothering to bring a blanket. I had always tried to keep track of months, and I was pretty sure it was May. Already about a month into the Florida summer. — As usual, my parents had already woken up and left the house before I even opened my eyes. I glanced over, seeing Isaac tangled in his shirt in his cot, and smiled despite myself. He had my same chocolate hair, but he'd gotten my mom's blue eyes. They reminded me of the cold blue spring, which in turn reminded me of what Jacob had allegedly said about me. I highly doubted it had any truth to it, but Isaac would have no reason to make that up. It still bothered me that he was that creepy, to actually watch me at night without my knowledge. Granted, I usually wore clothes while I was swimming, but still. It was a private moment, obviously. I'd never be able to enjoy those late night sessions the same way ever again. I got dressed and left the house, immediately in the middle of our tiny camp's center. Not only did we choose a clearing in the forest to camp in because of its proximity to places we needed, but we also hadn't wanted to take over some empty neighborhood. It made most of us more comfortable to be this close to each other, and to everything we needed. That was why we'd spent years building houses out of trees from our huge forest and cots from the hospital. We were like a big, fifty-person family. People had come from everywhere; there was one person from as far north as Canada, another pair of strangers from Mexico who had met on their way up here, and subsequently gotten "married." My dad brought all of us together. He took care of us. Everyone looked up to him, loved him. Which was why he was the one explaining our new members. He stood in front of Carlisle and the other two prisoners, or campers, now. The beautiful boy was there, and he met my eyes as I approached the scene, tossing my hair over my shoulders. His were bright, emerald green. "This is Carlisle, Esme, and Edward," Charlie was saying, and I brought my gaze back to the beautiful boy. Edward was his name, then. "They're a family from Washington who has come a very long way to be with us. I'm expecting all of us to welcome them with open arms. For the time being, they're staying in the hospital. Jacob and Avery are their escorts." I assumed that escort was a nice word for prison guard, but said nothing. I spotted Jacob, too, standing with his back to me, facing my father. My stomach twisted at him hearing me sing, and I picked a spot far from him to stand and watch. "Carlisle was a doctor before the sickness, so he is going to be assisting Renee with her nursing duties," my dad explained. He waved to my mom, her messy auburn hair blowing in the breeze, dirt already coating her arms. Not only was she the main nurse of the camp, but she also was the head gardener. She said it made her feel free. "Esme will be helping as a teacher. And Edward will work with the others of his age doing regular chores, until he begins his training as an officer." This was a very, very honorable position, one that Jacob certainly hadn't expected any of these strangers to be offered. I saw his shoulders tense and anger flash through his dark eyes as my father continued speaking, and I ignored it, looking back at Edward. The boy seemed confused, but not at all afraid. We would get along just fine, I decided.