rubbed her until I couldn't stand it anymore. Her hands fisted in my hair drove me too insane – I needed her. I began to undo my belt but Bella stopped me. "Let me." She said. She stared with my shirt and agonizingly unbuttoned each button slowly kissing any skin that was revealed. When she reached my pants she sexily undid my belt and button and pulled them down. She also brought down my boxers with her teeth. "I knew you were a 'boxers' kinda guy." She appraised. I smiled. She came back up and began to lick my shaft. She managed to fit more than half of my dick in her mouth and the other half she stroked with her hands. I held her hair for her as she, with her free hand, massaged my balls. She was fantastic. Finally I pulled her up and kissed her roughly. I pushed her back down onto the desk and leaned over her. "Is this your first time?" I asked. She blushed and nodded. I kind of froze. "Is it okay if I'm your first?" I asked. She cupped my cheek and sat up so that her face was close to mine. "Yes, definitely. Please be my first." And she kissed me. "It'll hurt." I mumbled. "I know," She whispered. "I trust you." And I gently laid her back down onto the desk. I slowly pushed into her and she began to cry a bit. I kissed her tears away and restrained myself. I pulled out a bit and pushed in a bit slowly. Her tears subsided and moans began to overtake. "Okay. I'm good. Go, go!" she screamed trying to push herself down on me. I began to thrust deep and slam into her. She moaned and screamed. "Edward. God, Edward. Fuck me. Fuck me!" My speed picked up and I was so close. "Come with me, Bella. Come with me." I whispered in her ears. Her body began to shake and tighten and just as I felt myself about to give I started to pull out. Bella grabbed my ass and pushed me back in. "I'm on the pill." She grumbled, shaking and moaning. I finally came with immense passion. We both breathed heavily and panted. "That was-" "Amazing." I finished. "Mmm-hmm." She hummed, smiling. I took myself out of her and she stood up and stretched. "That was an amazing first time, thank you." Bella said and plunged her fingers into my hair. "You're welcome." I said and I leant down to kiss her. "We better get dressed." I said. "Janitors come at 5." And it was 4:37. If, by any chance, they came early we were screwed. "Okay." Bella smiled. I put my clothes on as I watched Bella put on hers. When I finished I put my belongings back on my desk for tomorrow. It was now 4:50. "Let's go." I said and held out my hand. She grabbed it. We walked back to my car and we hopped in. I held her hand over the console. "Is your dad home?" I asked – she told me her dad was a cop and her mom died when she was 7. "Nope. He's on a trip to Seattle and won't be back for 2 more weeks." She smiled. "Really?" I asked, intrigued. "Really." She said and I kissed her hard; thank god she lived in seclusion. "I'll see you later alright, I need to get home and finish the papers we didn't grade." I smirked. Bella laughed and I began to walk away. "Edward!" Bella called after me. I swung around to look at her. "Was that… just… like a onetime thing?" She blushed. I ran back over to her and cupped both of her cheeks and looked her straight in the eye. "No way." And I kissed her hard, tongue and all. "I'll be back tonight." I whispered. The next day I drove Bella to school again but I, about a block or less away, put her back out onto the road when there were no cars around. I didn't like doing that, making my baby walk, but we both knew it was for the best. It was her idea and it was pretty good. I could still drive her but nothing would be suspected. Last night I had drove to her house and brought an overnight bag. When morning came I got ready and we left together. Throughout the day I kept thinking of her. She was mine now. When it was finally time for her class I made sure to not make too much eye contact, as did she. We wanted there to be virtually no indication of anything other than your basic teacher-student relationship. Today, now that I could finally call her mine (at least in her and I's world), the flirtation she received from boys pissed me off. Mike Newton was the worst. Anytime I was near them I could hear him. " You want to go out tonight Bella?" " Oh come on; let's have some fun tonight baby." " Let's see what you're hiding under these clothes." But there was nothing I could do. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me. Bella's POV: Today all the whores flirting with Edward – Mr. Cullen as I must call him around other students – really pissed me off. It was agonizing to watch. Now he was actually mine and I couldn't even claim him? This was bullshit. But it was okay because I trusted him. I knew that he would stay faithful and so would I and in the end – at the end of every night – I was the girl he was with. Not Tanya or Jessica or anybody else. He's mine and I'm his in at least the confines of his home and mine. And that was all I needed – for now at least.