I know I should be. He's perfect, and I have done everything to push him away and now I have turned him into this super jealous guy. All because a part of me wants more. Alice changes the subject knowing I don't really feel like talking about this anymore. I watch her finish getting ready as we chat. Her shoulder length reddish brown hair is curled slightly at the ends making it look effortlessly perfect. Her face has just the right amount of makeup to make her look mysteriously sexy and her black strappy dress falls on her perfectly as though it were made for her. She looks amazing as always. We stroll out of the room together with her back to her usual chatty self. As we make our way down the hall I realize I forgot my clutch. I hurry back to the room and grab it as I am shutting the door to my room I turn around and there he is. I Don't look at his face but I know he sees me, the man in black. I can feel his eyes on me. I turn away from him and hurry off. We manage to find the dining room just as dinner is about to begin. The room is grand, all gold and a soft white. The tables were all filled and the host led showed us to our table where Jake was already chatting with an older guy who appeared to be there with his two daughters. We sat down and Jake introduced us quickly before turning his attention back to their conversation. The food turned out to be very good and Alice and I enjoyed it. After words Jake headed off with the man to some game room or something and Alice and I changed into our bathing suits and spent a few hours in a hot tub making conversation with a couple of girls on spring vacation. We had a good time but I was unable to sink back into the comfortableness I was in earlier. I just couldn't stop thinking about Jake and I was beginning to realize it just wasn't going to work. When Alice and I made it back to the rooms it was nearly midnight and Jake still wasn't back. We both decided to get some rest since we were still tired from all the traveling we both showered quickly and changed into pajamas. By the time I finished Jake still wasn't back, so I went over to Alice's room and we put on a movie and both fell asleep half way through. The next two days went by uneventfully as the boat grew closer and closer to the Caribbean. We all had breakfast together at the buffet in the dining room before Jake headed off with a couple of guys he met where they went to go play pool or something of that sort while Alice and I sun bathed out by the pool. There was a couple of activities going on but she and I decided to just relax with drinks by the pool. While Alice went out to the small nightclub at night I made an appointment for a late massage and facial. Overall we were having a good time. Even better than I thought we would after our little fight. Jacob didn't bring it up and I avoided situations that might stir it back up. He would come back to the room early enough and we even made love one night. That night after he fell asleep I woke up and couldn't go back to sleep. It was only midnight but I threw on some shorts and a tank top and checked to see if Alice was back from the club but she wasn't. I couldn't stand being in the room anymore and I realized I was a bit hungry so I threw on a big hoodie and left the room to see if the bar by the pool was still serving snacks. When I got their the pool was mostly deserted except for a few couples on the hot tubs and some people hanging around the bar chatting casually as if it wasn't the middle of the night. I ordered a soda and a large order of nachos and went to go sit on one if the little tables near the railing of the ship. The night was cold but they had turned on fire heaters near the bar and the tables surrounding it. I waited for my food and once it came I ate peacefully enjoying the view of the dark blue sky filled with stars and then sound of the ocean around me. When I finished I walked around a little and before I knew it I was beginning to yawn again and I was beginning to feel cold. I made my way back to the door leading inside I pulled it open and rushed in and bumped straight into a body on the other side of the door. "Oh god I'm sorry." I say bending over to pick up the book he had dropped. As I handed it back to him I finally made eye contact and was inches away from the most beautiful emerald green eyes I had ever seen. "No problem I wasn't paying much attention either." His voice pulled my eyes away from his long enough to see just how handsome he was. It also let me see that this was the same guy I had seen on the deck reading and in the hall. He was gorgeous, and he hardly even looked at me before rushing past me to the outside. I made it back to my room but I was unable to get him out of my mind even as I lay beside Jacob; whose arm draped across my stomach the second I laid down, I just couldn't forget the color of his eyes. The perfect shade of Green. Hope you enjoyed it. ~with love Marilyn