my neck. "I do not see how it is any of your concern," Kate intoned and I winced. I was not ready to give up conversation, as it was the most concretely human thing available to me, I pushed forward. "Do you fear her?" Kate's expression flickered with anguish, but otherwise remained set in neutrality. "Every Methuselah fears each of the Originals. We would be fools not to." "Then, you would not lay a finger on me?" I wanted to know more about the way 'claiming' worked. To what extent was I safe? "You have no need to fear me," she asserted. She approached, shooing the thrall out of her way. Her fingers reached out slowly, as if hesitant to make contact with me. They were cool against my reddened skin. "Do you see how the bite is made up of four punctures," she indicated, her finger circling an adjacent set. I strained my eyes to see the mark, visible once my blood had been wiped away, confirming that the punctures paired together. "This style of bite is only made by an Original. No one will dare harm you." Her fingers retreated and I felt at a loss. I had appreciated her gentle touch. "Are you someone I can trust?" This time she did not hold back her snorted chuckle. "You can trust whoever you like, as that is your own prerogative, but no one is trustworthy. The only thing you can trust is the code and even that is only strictly followed within Rosalie's company." I felt my throat tighten. "You are not very comforting," I informed her. "Would you prefer I lie?" I sensed that she was feeling playful, but I wondered if my sense was misplaced. "If that is what it takes," I replied honestly. The thrall began to bandage the bite and I was slightly surprised Kate did not stop him. "But now there is conscious recognition that I will be lying at times." Her brows drew together. Perhaps she was distracted, I considered. I rose from the floor after the bandage was properly placed. My fingers still tingled with the adrenaline pumped into my system, my legs struggling with my weight. Kate noticed my uneasiness and offered support. With a shake of my head, I denied her advance. "Do vampires not ever lie for other people's benefit," I ventured. "We are self-centered by nature," she answered. I chuckled sardonically. "Were you not born human? When do you lose the ability to think of others?" A muscle jumped in Kate's jaw and I flinched. "We a reborn as Methuselah – ingrained with an understanding of life as nothing more than the struggle for survival while nothing in the world is in our favor." I heard hurt in her words. It pointed me to my error. Perhaps vampires like her longed for connection they did not think they would ever receive. She took my silence as an end to the conversation. "I am to bring you to the kitchen, for food." She dismissed the thrall. I let her lead me through the halls of the palace to the kitchen, which was mostly barren. "You do not have much use for food, do you?" "The Terrans eat, but I am sure most of the food is bland." She wrinkled her nose. "It certainly does not smell appealing." I could not tell if she was making an attempt at humor, but I laughed, my nerves needing it. "I will spare you the details of its flavor." Kate nodded, a hint of a smile coloring her expression. "I imagine that Rosalie will look to bring in better cuisine for you, come morning," she assured. Mention of my host brought my progress towards controlling my fear to a screeching halt. Kate took notice, pausing her gathering of food to look at me. "When I said no one was trustworthy, Rosalie might be the one exception." "I will try to keep that in mind," I said, dismissing the thought that the only person I could trust was the one who had violated what trust I had afforded her. "Here," Kate offered me some bread and cheese. I ate greedily, without thought of my appearance. I reasoned that I could not guarantee my next meal. "Rosalie offered her chambers for you to sleep." I nearly choked on a crust of bread. "Is there anywhere else I can sleep?" "You can sleep anywhere you like." "No, I mean, other bedchambers-," I was clued into the fact that she was joking by the slight smirk she wore. If deflated my panic. "There are other chambers that you could use, but you will be safest where Rosalie can personally look after your health." I looked away. "So, that is what you would suggest?" She nodded her affirmation. I steeled myself before nodding my agreement. She offered an encouraging smile before leading me through the halls once more. I was surprised by the absence of people. "There are not many people here," I voiced my observation. "Methuselah and some Terrans come during the day to voice concerns and Rosalie takes council with Emmett at times, but otherwise, Rosalie prefers solitude. The only reason there are guards, like myself, is by Emmett's insistence." She cleared her throat. "We are here," she said in warning before knocking on a door at the end of the hall we had traveled down. Instinctively, I reached out for her, needing some level of contact, something to ground my mind as my heart rate tried to climb once more. I moved with Kate, keeping our proximity. Conversation picked up between vampires and I was struck by how Rosalie avoided addressing me. When my name was in question, I leapt at the chance to assert my presence. With an encouraging look from Kate, I found my voice, saying my first words to my host. "My name is Isabella," I declared, wondering if my voice held the conviction I could not bring myself to feel.