of the men that lived in southern California. He was very tall, I could tell that even from the distance between us, and seriously muscular. I was pretty sure there was not an ounce of fat on the guy's body, and his russet skin looked smooth and flawless. His ink black hair was short, but still stuck up in various directions on the top of his head, and he was very cute. It was obvious that he was from the Native American reservation that was on the west side of Forks and went up and down the coast that Charlie had told me about at dinner yesterday, and I wondered what he was doing out there with nothing but a pair of jean shorts on. "Um, hi," I said lightly. "Are you lost?" he asked and I shook my head negatively. "No," I said as I tucked a few loose tendrils of hair behind my right ear. "I just ran a lot further than I intended to this morning." He tilted his head to the side and furrowed his brow slightly as he looked at me. "Have we met before?" he asked and once again I shook my head negatively. "Are you sure? You seem familiar." "I just moved to Forks yesterday," I said. "I live with Police Chief Swan." I wasn't sure why I threw that out there, but I guess I wanted the mystery guy to know that if I were go to missing, someone would notice. "You live with Charlie and Bella?" he asked, his dark eyebrows rising as he looked at me with surprise clearly lighting up his face and I nodded. "You know them?" I asked and the guy nodded as he started to walk closer to me. "Charlie and my dad are best friends and Bella and I . . . ," he trailed off when he got within five feet of me and came to a stop. His brown eyes met my blue and his mouth fell open slightly as he stared at me, eyes never wavering from mine. I really couldn't describe the look on his face as he looked at me; shock, awe, surprise, amazement, disbelief, adoration; it was a combination of all of them and more, and I felt a bit uncomfortable. "Bella and you?" I prompted when he didn't say anything else to try and get him to quit staring at me, and he quickly closed his mouth, cleared his throat, and licked his lips. "Bella and I are friends," he said quietly, his eyes remaining on my face as he spoke. It was then that I realized who this guy was and I instantly relaxed. "You must be Jacob Black," I said and the smile that lit up his face at those five simple words was almost blinding as he nodded slightly. A small part of me melted at the sight of his smile because I was sure I had never seen a more beautiful smile than the one Jacob was giving me at that moment, and I couldn't help but blush. Charlie had told me about Jacob and his dad, Billy. I had thought that Jacob was only six months older than me, but he certainly didn't look it. He looked more like he was six years older given his size, but I doubted that Charlie would lie about Jacob's age. It would make no sense for him to do that, and if Jacob and Bella were friends it would also make more sense for him to be close to her in age. "That's me," he said and I returned his smile with one of my own. "It's nice to meet you, Jacob," I said. "I'm Aurora Bishop." "Aurora," he said softly, more to himself and almost as if he was testing out saying my name, and I had to admit that I liked the way it sounded coming from him. "Are your parents friends with Charlie or something?" "My mom was Charlie's first cousin," I said and Jacob raised an eyebrow. "I didn't know Charlie had any family aside from Bella," Jacob said and I smiled sadly at him as I shrugged my shoulders. "Up until three weeks ago, Charlie didn't know about me and I didn't know about him," I said and Jacob blinked. "My mom and him weren't exactly close." "Are you staying with Charlie for the summer or something?" he asked and I shook my head negatively. "Charlie has taken on the role of my legal guardian," I said. "My mom passed away in October." His face took on a sad expression, but there was not one trace of pity on his face. He seemed more concerned than anything else. "I'm sorry," he said and gave him another sad smile. "Don't be," I said as I shook my head. "You didn't know." "Still," he said, but I just waved my hand. "It's all good, seriously, Jacob," I said and he nodded before he scratched the back of his neck. "Well, I should start heading back. It's going to take me a while to get home and the sooner I get back the better. I don't want my legs to give out halfway there." "I can give you a ride," he said quickly as he took another step towards me. "I mean, my house is less than a mile down the road, and my car's got plenty of gas," he said as he gestured over his shoulder, the action making me smile. Walking the mile to Jacob's house sounded a hell of a lot more appealing than walking the twelve that I had to walk to get back home. "If it's not too much trouble," I said and he smiled. "It's no trouble at all. I wouldn't have offered if it was," he said and I laughed lightly before I walked, with shaky legs, over to where he stood. He fell in line beside me and started to lead the way down the road.