to make her hate me. When the bell finally rang at the end of class, Bella was out of her chair like a shot and out the door before anyone else could even put away their notebooks. I stared at the empty doorway for a moment, trying to understand what had happened between us. By the time I put away my notes and made my way out of the classroom, Mike was waiting for me outside the door. "So, what did you do to the new girl, anyway? Stab her with a pencil?" "I don't know," I answered, genuinely bewildered. "I didn't even say a word to her. She acted like she hated me before she even sat down." "You just lack that certain charm," Mike joked as he squared his shoulders. "Trade me lab partners, and I bet I'll have better luck." I shook my head as we walked toward the gymnasium. At least it had stopped raining. Ah, Gym class. The bane of my existence. There had been a time, a time not too long ago, in fact, when I hadn't minded this class, but all good things must come to an end. It was a volleyball day, thankfully, and volleyball I could handle. The sports that required me to run were the ones that I tried to avoid. I was no good to anyone when I was limping up and down the court from one end to the other. I was just leaving the locker room after class when Coach Clapp waved to me from across the gymnasium. I changed direction so that I would meet him in the middle. "Edward, can you do me a favor, and take these down to the main office?" He handed me a set of car keys. "I found them in the locker room after sixth hour. I can't get down to the office until I get all of the equipment put away for the day, and I'm sure someone will be missing them in a minute or two." I shrugged. "Yes, sir. No problem." I took the keys and headed toward the far door of the gymnasium, avoiding walking past the trophy case. I fought against the flow of foot traffic as I walked toward the main office. Now that the school day had ended, most of the students were headed out of the buildings and into the parking lot, instead of the other way around. As I stepped through the office door, the sight that met my eyes stopped me in my tracks. There, at the counter in the middle of the room, stood Bella Swan. She was speaking with the receptionist, Ms. Cope. "I'm sorry, Bella," I heard Ms. Cope tell her, "but this is the only way to arrange your schedule to fit you into the subjects you were studying in Alaska. Maybe you could talk to Mr. Banner? I'm sure he's had students who didn't want to do some of the labs right after lunch. Maybe he'd let you do them after school, instead?" As the receptionist finished speaking, I saw Bella tense and begin to turn. I was fully expecting the anger in her gaze, but that didn't make it any easier when her burning stare met mine. Obviously, her feelings toward me hadn't changed in the past hour. "Nevermind," she muttered to Ms. Cope through clenched teeth. "I'll figure something out." As she turned and hurried past me out the door, I caught a glimpse of her face one last time. The anger was gone. Now she looked close to tears. I stared after her as she retreated down the hallway outside. Ms. Cope sighed after Bella, then smiled as she registered my presence. "What can I do for you, Edward?" she asked. "Coach Clapp asked me to bring these down," I answered, handing her the keys across the counter. "Someone will be looking for them soon." "I'm sure they will." She smiled again. "Thank you for bringing them by." "You're welcome," I answered automatically as I turned and headed out the door toward my locker. The parking lot was already partially cleared by the time I got to my car. I unlocked my door and glanced over toward the other end of the lot. The red truck was already gone. Behind me, I heard - or sensed - someone trying to sneak up on me. "It's no use, Mike. I know you're there." I didn't bother to turn around. He did this to me at least once a week. "How do you do that?" he asked, popping into my line of vision as he leaned against the rear door of my car. "It's like you have eyes in the back of your head or something." "Radar," I said with a weak grin, glad to have a distraction from the enigma of Bella Swan. I nodded my head in the direction of the now absent truck. "So, did we ever figure out who the truck belongs to?" "Yeah, actually. That's what I was coming to tell you. I watched them drive away in it about five minutes ago." "Really?" I said as I leaned into my car to set my backpack in the passenger's seat. "Who was it?" "Your girlfriend," he replied with a smirk. "Huh? Oh," I said, catching on. It looked like my momentary distraction was over. "Seriously? A cop's daughter drives that? That thing had some serious restoration work done to it. Wherever they came from, the police department there must have paid better than the one in Forks does." "Or they have part of the Cullen family fortune." "Probably," I admitted as I tried to link this new clue to what little I knew about Bella Swan. "Oh, well. Just thought I'd help you solve that mystery." Mike turned toward his Suburban. "I'll see you tomorrow, man." "Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow," I echoed back absently, but my mind was already elsewhere, wrapped in the mystery that was Bella Swan.