return home again, I eventually had. And so it pained me, incomparably, to know that I would hurt her, now. Because she would not be angry that I would murder this entire room of students and one teacher, maybe more depending on how I went about it. She would look at me with the same love and understanding she always had, and she would forgive me for the inexcusable. Beau Swan swung his long body into the chair next to mine, his movements slow and awkward, and I stiffened as the perfume of his blood surrounded me. I forced myself to acknowledge the fact that I would prove my mother wrong about me. The misery of this fact pained me almost as much as the fire in my throat. I leaned away from him in revulsion—revolted by the animal, crazed with the scent of his blood. Why had he come here? Why did he have to exist? Why did he have to ruin the little peace I had in this non-life of mine? Why had this aggravating human ever been born? He would ruin me. I turned my face away from him, as a sudden fierce, unreasoning hatred washed through me. Who was this creature? Why me, why now? Why did I have to lose everything just because he happened to choose this unlikely town to appear in? Why had he come here! I didn't want to be a monster! I didn't want to kill this room full of harmless children! I didn't want to lose everything I'd gained in a lifetime of sacrifice and denial! I wouldn't. He couldn't make me. He shifted in his seat, shaking himself out of his jacket to hang it on the back of his chair, and his fragrance washed over me anew. I nearly lost it then. My muscles pushed me partially out of my seat, but I clung to the bottom of the table, though the frail object held no chance of stopping me. My nails dug jagged holes into the pulpy wood, and I cut off my breathing. I didn't have to breathe. It wasn't necessary for our kind. It was merely uncomfortable, and the memory of the temptation of his blood was almost as bad as smelling it, but it was marginally less-so, and in that moment, I was able to relax my weight back into my seat. And with the clarity it brought me, I realized I didn't necessarily need to murder this room of people. I could wait an hour. It would be simple enough to approach the boy after class, to introduce myself— Hello, my name is Edythe Cullen; can I show you to your next class? —and lure him away from prying eyes. The cover of the forest was close to the school, closest on the south western-most part of the parking lot. I could tell him I'd forgotten a book in my car. He would surely follow, and it couldn't attract too much attention, two plain rain jackets walking away from the school. No one would notice me. But Beau Swan was the center of attention today, and surely someone would notice him leaving with me. McKayla Newton had not taken her eyes off his back this entire time. She noted every time he shifted in his seat, and when he put up an arm on the table between us—to put a wall up, to defend himself? I tried not to stare at the soft, inner part of his wrist, turned up on the black countertop. I could see the web of veins weaving through the muscles, pulsing deliciously under that thin membrane of pale skin… I forced my eyes away. If I could last one hour, could I last two? The fire in my throat flared, and I flinched at the pain. He would go home to an empty house. Police Chief Swan worked a full day. I knew his house, as I knew every house in this tiny town. His home was nestled right up against thick woods, with no close neighbors. Even if he had time to cry out—which he would not; I would not give him enough time to feel fear, or pain—there would be no one to hear. That would be the conscientious way to deal with this. I'd gone eight decades without human blood. If I held my breath, I could last two hours. And when I had him alone, there would be no chance of anyone else getting hurt. And no reason to rush through the experience , the monster in my head agreed. I made it through the hour in this way—imagining the best ways to kill him. I tried to avoid picturing the actual exploit . That might be too much for me; I might lose this battle and end up killing everyone in sight. So I planned strategy, and nothing more. It carried me through the hour. Once, toward the very end, he glanced down at me from where he sat. I could feel the unjustified hatred burning out of me as I met his gaze—see the reflection of it in his shocked eyes. Blood flush bloomed across his features once more, and I was nearly undone. But the bell rang. Saved by the bell—how cliché. We were both saved. He, saved from death. I, saved for just a short time from being the nightmarish creature I feared and loathed. I couldn't walk as slowly as I should as I darted from the room. If anyone had been looking at me, they might have suspected that there was something not right about the way I moved. No one was paying attention to me. All human thoughts still swirled around the boy who was condemned to die in little more than an hour's time. … END A/N: Soooo? What did ya think?! To the point, concise, but yet its own? Leave a review, lemme know what you thought, and don't forget to favorite and follow! 3