as he was wasn't what got him killed, but cancer did. No one told me until his funeral. Everyone else knew. But, when they told me, all I could think of was the one time when I was five that he came home at six in the morning, battered and bruised, and while everyone else fussed around him, he put his FBI sweater on me, put me on the counter top and made me scrambled eggs, telling me how much he loved me. Even as a kid I never had the heart to tell him that I didn't like eggs, scrambled or not, but the way he'd smile when he'd made us breakfast made me shovel eggs down my throat so damn fast. I'd have done anything for my father, and God knows I'd do anything to get him back. A deep thudding on the door grabs my attention. I spin round, leaving my food on the counter top as I run to the door, yanking it open. "Oh, hey." I say, somewhat awkwardly as I come face to face with "Jacob." I state. "Lose your phone?" His usual grin is no longer there, but instead drops to show a blank face. "Lose my- wait, what?" I roll my eyes. "Bella's been calling you all morning-" "I know, but I couldn't answer her." He tells me, ducking his head in shame. "I've known her all my life, and for so long I used to wonder if we could be more than friends, especially now Edward's gone, but yesterday when I went to the movies with her and that douche, Mike, I realised that she's a sister to me." Why does everyone tell me their problems? I don't care. "I actually came here to speak to you." Well, I didn't expect that. "Me?" I push my glasses up my nose a little in stereotypical nerd girl fashion. He nods, his smile coming slowly back. "You came to see me?" Again he nods, his smile growing with each second. "Oh, uh, do you want to come in? I'm, uh, breakfast. I don't mean that I'm breakfast, but I'm having some. Cooking. I'm cooking." I say, utterly confused. Gorgeous guys don't want to speak to me, and they certainly don't go out of their own way to do so. Moving out of the way for Jacob to come in, I can't help but catch the faint scent of motor oil on him as he comes in. I close the door behind him, mentally scolding myself. "So, I kind of came here because I keep getting the feeling that you don't like me, so I just want to know what I've done." He says as we walk into the kitchen. Shit. Okay, so I may or may not have been avoiding him since I arrived here. "Sorry, I mean, you haven't done anything," I tell him truthfully. "I just- well, I'm no good around guys. The last time I spoke to a guy aside from the dude next to me on the plane was when I was twelve, so yeah, I'm just a little crap when it comes to being a social person." "Well, I'm a mega social person, so I officially accept the challenge of becoming a good male friend to you." He replies with a huge grin, seemingly unnaffected by my social awkwardness. I sigh. "Listen, Jacob, I'm not friends with people for a reason, and it's because I'm a crappy friend. I-" "I'm going to have to stop you right there." He interrupts. "My intentions. I feel like I have to admit to something; and that's that I think you're cute and you're funny, and you love your family fiercely. Things like that make good friend material and I really do want to be your friend, even if it's only for the next-" "Whoa, whoa, stop. I've already told you that I'm a terrible person to have as a friend. In fact, I'm a terrible person, full stop. You've got Bella and probably countless other people. Like you said, you're a social person, and like I said, I'm not. So, how about we leave it at that and everyone will be better off. Trust me, Jacob, I'm a toxic person." I hate to push him away when he's such a sweet guy, but he'll only get hurt around me. Everyone around me gets hurt. Jacob sighs and visibly sags. "Fine, sure, but could you help me with something? Bella mentioned you were good with bikes, and she figured since I can fix cars then I'd be able to fix a pair of bikes up for her. I did but she kind of crashed one and I have no idea what to do with it." "Bella told me those things were your projects together, I don't want to intru-" "She basically ditched them on me the second they were running. She only did it with me to keep her mind off her ex." And there it is. So he does know she was using him. Fuck. "Yeah, sure. You, uh, you want anything to eat? I haven't started yet so I can do extra if you'd like." I offer lamely. It's bad enough that I decline his friendship, I should at least be polite. Like any other teenage boy, he smiles a little at the mention of food. "If it's no hassle." He says softly, nodding. I can't help but smile back, so I turn to ensure that he doesn't see it whilst I crack some eggs. "Fried, boiled or scrambled?" "Uh, whatever you're having." "So, scrambled is okay?" "Perfect." Yeah, he really is. I was hoping to get my first chapter to five thousand words, sadly it's over one hundred shy of four thousand, but I thought this was a nice-ish place to end this one. Anyone have any thoughts on anything at all? Please please please review! It makes me smile so much and I'm always really nervous posting things.