paper towels, I don't feel like doing dishes," she said, taking her hair out of its bun with a relaxed sigh. She then perked up, "Oh, Sweetie, a Sam Uley wanted me to say, 'Welcome back.' He seemed pretty nice." Jonathan groaned. "Freak acts like he owns the damn town." He turned to me, "Stay away from him too, he's the leader of the La Push Cult." "Cult?" my mom asked, pulling a slice out of the box to hand to Jonathan. "Like with Kool-Aide?" "More like muscles and tattoos," he answered. "It's just a little gang of guys who all look alike, and expects the town to answer to them and live by their rules. Whatever, though, as long as you stay away from them, you'll all be safe." After stomaching a slice or two of the grease-soaked bread some referred to as pizza, I trudged up the stairs to my new room. It was the last door on the left at the end of the dark, upstairs hallway. The room shared the same dark mahogany floors with the rest of the home – I'll have to put a nice floor rug down (maybe dark purple). On the popcorn ceiling was a solo fluorescent bulb, no fan or fancy covering. The movers had already moved my desk, mattress, and other belongings (still in boxes) into the small room. All the clutter made it feel stuffy, so I walked over to the window to open it a crack for some fresh air. The window of my bedroom overlooked the edge of the gated community. The wall was in sight, about five feet from the house, and beyond that was the dense coniferous forest that swallowed the whole town. My phone buzzed again. Great, I thought, this is the last thing I need. Finally caving in, I looked at the phone screen, beginning to read all missed fourteen tests from Vincent, my ex-boyfriend. Hey There was no way I'd answer. We were no longer an item, and I felt that responding to his texts would just give him a false hope, despite me living halfway across the country. Answer! We had met in Spanish class. I was having trouble memorizing the preterit form of ser , and Vincent came over to my desk to help me out. The next day he surprised me with flash cards he had made containing all seventy verbs that we were supposed to have memorized for the following week's exam. To a nerd like me, it was a very thoughtful and charming gift. I kno u moved but we can make this work The following week, he had asked me out to a movie, to which I'd said yes. It was so much fun! We went to a Korean restaurant and then saw the new cheesy giant monster, Godzilla-ripoff. At the end of the night, when I began to say "Goodnight", Vincent pulled me into his arms and smacked his lips to mine. Hello?! I accepted his proposal to be boyfriends that very night. Inside, I was jumping with excitement at finally having a boyfriend. Baby please talk 2 me Things went great, we went out on dates, hung out at his house after school, and spent all of our free time together. I was having the time of my life. Darren, I swear 2 God if u dont anser Then things spiraled downward, really fast. He grew possessive, not letting me out of his sight and trying to fight off my friends. He tried hiding my phone so that he'd be the only one I could talk to. Fuckin bitch! Anser me! Then he hit me one day. I'd tried to convince him to allow me to attend the journalism club's Christmas party where we would be looking back on the year's articles and reminisce. Nerdy, innocent stuff. However, Vincent had it in his head that I had only wanted to go because I supposedly liked the Chief Editor, who was a girl. I'd told him he was crazy, and in a flash, he socked me right in the jaw. Now it clicks whenever I chew food. Fuckin anser me! Perhaps the worst part was that I had to keep it all a secret. I'm not out of the closet, nor do I have any plans to be in the near future. I see the way gays are bullied to the point of suicide in high school; that won't happen to me. Vincent had understood and agreed to keep our relationship under the radar in school, much to my shock. Ull regret this And there was no way I'd ever tell my parents. My stepdad Jonathan was the figure head of the anti-homosexuality movement. He hated gays and everyone who identified with them. My mom's his puppet and would not hesitate to kick me out of the house if he asked her to if he found out. Ur stil mine, u kno that Therefore, the day that I found out we were moving, I broke up with Vincent via text message. I know it's the cowardly way out, but it was the only way that I could do it without having my safety and well-being compromised. I stil love u After that, he began to text and call me nonstop. He followed me around school and even around the city. One night, I had even seen his car parked outside my house. I didn't know what to do. I felt so helpless. I wanted, no, needed help, yet I didn't want people to know my deepest, darkest secret: that I'm gay. Im stil going 2 hav u When we left San Antonio, I made a promise to myself, a promise that would ensure that I'd never have to go through what Vincent had put me through again. Anser Baby, please I'm not going to come out nor am I going to date anyone in La Push. Period. Ok, ur sleeping. Ill c u soon xoxo