I was possessed, then switched tactics and gave me the sweetest puppy dog eyes I'd ever seen. "Edward really like dresses," she tried. "No. I don't wear dresses," I said again, as I started putting some of them back. "Fine," she huffed, and headed off scouring through more racks or clothes. "Try these too," she said, handing me another arm load. Everything fit perfectly, and even if I didn't really like some of them, they all looked pretty good when I had them on. An hour later she decreed that there was nothing else in the store for us to bother looking at and grabbed the pile of clothes that she'd had me try on. She took them straight up to the counter and the check out girl started ringing them up. I panicked, I didn't have enough to pay for all of those! But I had to finish getting my own clothes back on before I could get out there and stop her. Just as I got to the register I saw Alice pull out a shiny black card. Other than her name and a line of numbers in silver, there were no other markings on it at all. She didn't even wait for the total before she swiped it, signed and grabbed the bags, dancing out of the store and back towards the car. I followed, stunned. Alice was buying me a bunch of clothes? As I walked up to the car she closed the back door and pulled me along to the next store, where we went through the whole process again. And then again at the next store. "Only one left," she said sadly, "Maybe we could go to Seattle next weekend?" She looked so hopeful that I couldn't say no, and instantly regretted it as she jumped and squealed and hugged me. She started gushing about all the stores we could visit. "And we're defiantly going to Victoria's Secret, your underwear drawer needs a major update!" she informed me. I went bright red just thinking about it. "Ooh! Here it is!" she squealed as we walked into the store. She instantly ran up to a rack of tops until she found the one she was after, a light blue baby doll with silver beaded patterns around the straps and bottom. "This was the one I told you about! You can wear this one on your date tonight! Along with the black jeans and flats we just bought. And I can do your hair, and make up, and oh god! Look at the time! Its almost 3! We have to get you back and ready for your date!" "But I'm already here, why can't I just get changed and hang 'round here and wait for him?" I asked. 'Poor Alice,' I thought, she looked horrified again. "You will do no such thing!" she scolded me, "You will go home, get changed, have your hair and make up done and wait for Edward to pick you up!" I bit my lip and nodded. "Good girl." As we pulled into my place, Leah pulled up with Quil and Seth. Alice looked disappointed , but quickly hid it and reached for the bags in the back. "I'll put these in your room," she said as she walked past. "Need any help?" Seth asked. "If you want," Alice answered, "There's more in the trunk." "You look fucked!" Leah exclaimed. "Mmm.. Too.. Much.. Shopping.. Need coffee.." I mumbled. Quil helped me into the kitchen and set about making my coffee for me. "Have fun today?" Leah asked. I glared at her and she laughed. "We're supposed to go shopping in Seattle next weekend. I don't know why I agreed to more shopping." Quil was trying not laugh and Leah hugged me, trying to hide her grin. "But you don't understand.. She threatened me with.. V-vi-vi.." I stumbled, "Victoria's Secret," I mumbled. Quil dropped my coffee and fled the room to look for a towel to clean it up. I could hear him laughing from the other end of the house. And Leah had turned bright red, holding her breath. As soon as I looked up at her she let slip a giggle, then another, then just couldn't stop laughing. "What are you all laughing at?" Seth asked as he and Alice entered the kitchen. "This one in lingerie!" Leah exclaimed, elbowing me. Seth had to lean against the doorframe to stay upright. I glared at them. "Sorry Bell. you know you got a smoking' bod, and you'd look fantastic in something sexy, but it just ain't your style. You're a tomboy," he explained, "One'a the pack." After a few more laughs at my expense, Alice shooed the others out. "I have to do her hair and make up," she told them, "Out!" "But I don't have any make up," I said. "Oh, I know. I saw the other day. That's why I picked this up while you went to the bathroom." she produced a mega make up pack and I groaned. She spent almost two hours on me, and by the time she finished, I'd been transformed! I looked amazing, and felt so uncomfortable. "Edward's going to pick you up in about 10 minutes, take you to dinner before the movie," she told me. That's news to me. I thought we were just going to see a movie!? Mmm, too late to back out now. Ten minutes later, there was a knock at the front door. Alice jumped up to answer it. Of course, it was Edward. "She's all ready!" she exclaimed proudly. "Alice, you didn't have to.." he started. "But I wanted to!" she interrupted, "and she let me. And just look how wonderful she looks!" I blushed. For a few seconds it seemed there was almost a whole other conversation going on that I couldn't hear, but I shook it off, 'nerves' I thought. Alice shoved me out the door, "Have fun!" she called, "I'll lock up for you."