was up at such an unholy hour on a miserable Saturday morning, guzzling down scalding hot coffee and chasing it with my preferred breakfast of a non-frosted strawberry Pop-Tart, reading a note from Charlie, giving me directions to the Cullen's home and a reminder to not be late and a check made payable to Edward Cullen. Edward, I mused; what kind of name was that for a guy today? I mean really, that name is really common for characters in some of my favorite novels, but they were written during the Victorian era. I could just imagine this guy now, he will probably be wearing perfectly pressed suit trousers, a sweater vest and bow tie, with old man's oxfords. I spent the drive speculating more and more about this Edward that I was to meet. Each mental picture more and more ridiculous. I imagined his nails perfectly manicured, filed to precise millimeters and heaven forbid that there is a hair out of place. It wasn't until I passed by the high school that I realized that I missed my turn. "Shit." I swore. He probably wouldn't tolerate tardiness either. I examined my bitten nails while waiting for the light to change to green, wondering if he used a ruler to swat hands for any mistakes. He'd better not even think about it, I'm just doing this to humor Charlie and my mom. After checking the directions that dad left for me, I realized that I had missed another turn. Why the hell did these people have to live out in the middle of nowhere anyway? Once I found the correct road and had driven about a mile and a half, I realized that this road really was one huge driveway. They lived on the top of a mountain, not a hill an honest to God mountain. I encouraged my old Chevy truck, begging it to make it up the steep path. It must have been my lucky day after all, because it did make it up to the top without any trouble. I sighed in relief, because really how embarrassing would it have been to have to call and cancel due to the fact that my vehicle would not make it up their driveway? I tried to calm my nerves as I yanked my keys from the ignition, double checked to make sure I had the emergency brake on and grabbed the check that Charlie had written. I took a deep breath and climbed out of the truck and got my first good look at the house. It took my breath away, it appeared to be made from nothing but raw woods, with the walls being huge glass panels. I had never seen anything like it, I couldn't imagine the views they must have. The house appeared to have three stories at the top it looked like there was a room that actually overlooked the side of the mountain. It had a deck with a balcony and I couldn't begin to imagine how that was even built. This wasn't a home, this was a freaking museum. I now understood why the hell they lived that far out. My nerves were now running rampant. I just now noticed that there seemed to be a small hole in the knee of my jeans, and I had just thrown my wet hair into a ponytail this morning. I knew that I was a mess. I double checked my favorite, worn out black Converse sneakers making sure that I didn't have any mud on them before I approached the front porch. Once I was satisfied that I would not be bringing anything into their home, I took a steadying breath and raised my hand but before I could even knock, the door opened and I came face to face with this godlike creature. There were no words for how beautiful he was. I remember back to when my mom went through a religious phase and she made me go to Sunday school; I thought back to the stories that they told us about angels and their perfection. I remembered that they said that Lucifer was the most beautiful of them all. Well I had news for them, the devil has some pretty heavy competition. There weren't words adequate enough to describe the perfection that was this man. He had a riot of hair, the color I was not able to name but it included copper and bronze, caramel and chocolate. It was thick and messy and looked like he had just jumped out of bed after some amazing sex. His hair was the kind of hair that you would want to grab handfuls of and pull while riding him hard. His eyes were green, but saying his eyes were green was like saying that the ocean is blue. They were so deep and expressive, and a shade somewhere between emerald and spring grass. I think that I even noticed some flecks of gold in there but my head was beginning to spin and I might have imagined it. He had a strong chin and jaw line, with the perfect amount of stubble to give him a bit of a rugged look. He was easily over six feet tall and had a lean body build. He was holding out his hand for me to shake, I tried to shake back but was inspecting the feel of his hand on mine and couldn't respond. After a few seconds or it could have been hours for all that I knew he cleared his throat to recapture my attention. I could have sworn that I heard him chuckle a little and I felt my cheeks heat and I bit my bottom lip. He then began to speak breaking the uncomfortable silence. "Hi, my name is Edward Cullen and you must be Bella." "Please come in." At the sound of his voice my stomach clenched and I felt a rush of moisture south of the border. "Well hello hormones."