his perfection. "In here, Charlie," Jake said, reaching into the car with a grin to help me out. I quickly put my shoes on and then let him pull me forward, putting my numb feet on the ground but not standing. "She should maybe check the food," Charlie said. "It's smelling good." "Crap!" I said, jumping up and hitting my head on the roof of the Rabbit. "Ow!" Jake and Charlie both laughed, and blood rushed into my legs, my knees giving out so I fell forward into Jacob. He caught me, and I kept my arms circled around his warm body, keeping me upright. "Sorry," I muttered into his chest, and it rumbled as he laughed at me. "Don't be," he murmured in reply, his arms going around me. "Do you need help walking up to the house?" "No," I grumbled, letting him go and resting my hand on the car door as my legs regained consciousness. "My legs fell asleep, but they're good." "Good," Jake said. I glanced at Charlie, seeing he looked mildly uncomfortable and moving away from Jacob in case that was the cause. Maybe he just didn't know what to do with himself in the tiny shed. I turned back to Jacob, seeing he had started forward with me, and the three of us squished back to the house, all of our footsteps noisy in the mud. It wasn't raining – yet – and I glanced at the cloudy sky, the moon showing very slightly through the clouds. It was nice, I guessed. Nothing to hate about a sky where you could still see the moon. I was glad Quil and Embry hadn't stayed, because the three boys ate nearly the whole pan before I had even gotten through half of my first piece, inhaling it while it was still steaming hot like they felt no pain. My wrist hurt, but didn't look like it was going to get really gross and blister, which was a good thing in my book. Blisters were not my favorite form of injury. Charlie watched the game from an armchair while Jacob and I sat side-by-side on the loveseat, continuing our questioning of each other in muted voices. I learned that he didn't mind the rain or the cold weather, that his favorite food was lasagna, and that he was pretty popular at school, among other things. Apparently he was descended from the chief of the Quileutes, which was the tribe who originated on the reservation. He looked like he wanted to tell me some stories about them, but a look from Billy shut him up. I told him some stories about my crazy mother, keeping my voice extra low for those because of Charlie's still-broken heart; I told him that I had taken care of her rather than the other way around and that she was the reason I was so self-sufficient. I told him I liked music for the most part, that I didn't really ever stay up late, and that I liked warmth, which he told me he had already inferred. Apparently I had been shifting closer and closer to him on the couch, like he had a gravitational pull, but really he had just been warming me up. Jacob was so warm. We didn't leave until almost ten, and even then it was the adults saying that it was a school night and we had to get good sleep. I didn't want to go to school; I wanted to sit with Jacob while he kept me warm and told me stories about his life. Talking to him, being around him, was so easy and natural, like breathing. "Come by again soon, Bella," Billy said as we said our goodbyes on the front porch, Jacob standing behind Billy's chair. "It's been great having you, and the food was great." "I'm glad you thought so. I'll definitely be back soon, if Jake wants me." I grinned and looked at him, happy to see he was grinning back and nodding. "Alrighty, now, you've got to get up early for school and at this point it'll be past ten-thirty by the time we get home," Charlie grumbled, exaggerating. "Some of us have to work, too." Billy laughed and Jacob frowned, obviously as unhappy about me leaving as I was about going. I had been telling the truth about coming back soon, though. Maybe even as soon as the weekend. I just didn't want to take up all of Jacob's time, but I also wanted to be around him very badly. He was the only thing on the Olympic Peninsula to really make me laugh, make me think, make me…happy. "Bye, Billy. See ya, Jake." I turned to go, but quick footsteps prefaced warm arms sweeping me up in a hug, and I hugged Jacob back, breathing him in. He smelled so good, like a touch of detergent mixed with outside air and just Jacob. He smelled homey, despite none of my actual homes ever smelling this good. Charlie cleared his throat and Jacob put me down, having lifted me off the ground in his embrace, and I shuffled my feet, blushing. Jacob and Billy laughed, and Charlie started down the steps. I followed behind, turning around one more time as I got in the car to wave before they went inside. The expression on my face must have given me away, or possibly my actions the entire night. "So you had fun." Charlie wasn't asking. "I did." I grinned, wondering if he would be upset that I had had such a great time with Jacob. Wasn't that what he'd wanted? I remembered our conversation before coming, trying to lighten the mood. "You know, Dad, I think I could learn to like the rain." That put a smile on Charlie's face as big as I'd ever seen, and he was quiet the rest of the way home, the only sounds the pattering of rain and the rush of the tires.