Rose's thoughts, her actions to Jake.. He was copying them for me." By now, we've made our way out to the rarely used picnic tables outside the cafeteria. I curl up, completely mortified, as we sit down. After I finally settle down, we spend the rest of the class time talking about our families. I tell him about Charlie, Renee, Jake and my other friends from the rez. He tells me little things about each of the Cullens. Edward loves music, Rosalie has her cars, Carlisle the doctor, Esme the mother, Alice and her shopping obsession, Emmett's love of video games, and his personal hobby of correcting Civil War history books. "Hey Jazz! What-ya doin' out here?" Emmett calls out. "Oh! Hey Bella." Rose's hand gliding down Bella's stomach as the water runs over them, reaching down to tease her soft folds.. Bella leaning to touch her hot mouth to Rose's breast, kissing it before taking the nipple into her mouth.. Rose pinning Bella to the shower wall, two fingers deep inside, her hand moving nearly at vamp speed as Bella starts tensing.. Rose grabbing a massive blue double dil.. "OH GOD EMMETT! COULD YOU NOT!?" I screech! "That is NOT something I want to see!" Jasper just sits there laughing his ass off. 'Damn! That lust was almost enough to make me cream my pants!' "Oh! I don't need to hear that!" I tell him. "What?" Emmett asks, "I thought you liked Rosalie?" "I do, and that shower scene was HOT! But that blue.. Th-that.. Was not needed! And definatly not one that big!" Jasper nearly falls off the table laughing. "You must mean Big Blue. He's Alice's, but sometimes the girls work together and give us a show." I can see one of those 'shows' replaying in his head. How the fuck does something that big fit in someone so small!? I must've asked that out loud, or Jasper worked it out from my awed, curious and lust-filled emotions, because he answered, "It's almost as big as me." … I fell off the table. "Bella!" I heard from the car park. 'Ew! What is that god-awful smell?' I heard Jasper think. 'Hey, that smells like the wolves that were here last time!' I hear from Emmett. I look up to see Sam and Jared climbing out of an old blue pick-up. Sam looks at me on the ground, then glances at my companions and growls quietly. From this distance I wouldn't have heard it, but it registers in Jasper's and Emmett's minds and they are suddenly on the defensive. "Hey! Town is neutral territory! Start shit and all of you will be in trouble. No one has broken any rules so just chill!" I scolded all of them. "Help me up Jazz?" I ask. Sam lets out another quiet growl as the vampire touches me. "Shut up," I mutter, knowing he'd hear it. 'How does she know about the treaty?' Jasper thinks. 'Rose riding my dick, Bella sitting on my face.. Oh yeah! Or watching Bella eat out Rose.. Ooh!' Emmett is lost in his own world, and his thoughts are getting me all turned on AGAIN! 'What are you doing with the leeches?' Sam asks. "Cooling off after a fight," I answer. 'Care to elaborate?' "Not really. What brought you into town? Wait, scratch that, what brought you to my school?" I ask. 'We picked up the trail of another leech cutting through our land,' Sam told me. "Hey, did you get anything else on that nomad that was here the other day?" I ask Jasper and Emmett, "Sam says they found another trail.. Uh, where in your land?" "Cutting from near the river, right to the outskirts of town and down to the beach," answers Jared. Jasper sends texts to Alice, Rose and Edward, asking them to join us outside. "Lets wait for the others, I asked them to join us for an info-swap," says Jasper. Sam and Jared growl again, 'More leeches' they both think. 'Mmm, I love it when Jazzy calls me out of school early. I'm glad Emmett brought his Jeep today, Eddy hates it when we use his Volvo.' Alice was thinking. I couldn't help laughing. 'This better be good, Spanish is the only class I even slightly enjoy, and only coz I love to mess with the teacher..' Rosalie is thinking, 'Oh god! Rotten wet dog smell! Where the fuck is that coming from!?' And as always, Edward's mind is silent to me. Hearing their thoughts, Edward stops and looks at the wolves first. Alice and Rose see them when Edward growls. "What's going on?" Edward asks. "Another one on their land," I answer, "Thankfully no fatalities this time." "What?" hisses Rose. "How could I miss this?" Alice asks herself, "Why can't I see them?" "Lets just go and discuss this AWAY from school. Class is about to let out," I state. "Neutral territory. My place." My lounge room is completely silent, even tho there are 7 vampires, 2 wolves, 3 Elders and me in there. Even with all of their stressed out thoughts, I just can't forget about Rosalie's close proximity to my bedroom, or the bathroom, and Emmett's xxx rated background thoughts really aren't helping. "Bells, Emmett.. Focus," Jasper laughs. Of course I go red. 'What did that mean?' Sam wonders, 'Is Bella involved with that leech?' he thinks, picturing Emmett. "No! I'm not 'involved' with Emmett!" I say. "No, but the thoughts of what he wants to see you and Rose doing together are very distracting." Edward just had to say that didn't he!? I go red again, as I flick my eyes toward the goddess leaning against the door. 'I'll ram into her from behind and she can finger-fuck Rose and scream her orgasm right into Rosalie's pussy..' "Oh sweet goddess," I groan, "Emmett, keep thinking like that and I burn your dick off. Think with the head on your shoulders, not the one between your legs."