my cheeks were flaming, "No!" I squeaked, "It's just a bonfire. Kylie invited me earlier, and Molly texted me about it. It's just pack kids." I clarified quickly. Dad relaxed slightly but now entirely. He was still narrowing his eyes at me, "You didn't even ask permission." I gawked at him. "When have I ever had to ask permission for anything?" I sassed. Dad crossed his arms. "We aren't in Alaska anymore Arianna Belle. Here you're a normal kids. And normal teenagers ask permission. I may not like your ideas of fun. Besides, we moved here for a fresh start." Mom added in her two cents. "And here you are NORMAL. Which means getting grounded when you don't obey." Ava dropped her spoon and glared at our parents. Dad narrowed his eyes. "We've been too easy on you guys. And here it's going to be different. You will act like normal kids. And will be treated as such." "Can I go live with grandma and grandpa?" Ava grouched. Dad smiled, "No hon. it was actually your grandpa that made me realize we've been too easy on you all. And up until now you've all be fine. But it's time for chores and responsibility." "Chores?" Ava gasped. I rolled my eyes. She was being dramatic. We always had "chores" they weren't called that but we were always supposed to clean up after ourselves, and help to make the family work. "Yes." Mom snapped. Damn. Wonder what got into her. She glanced at me, "Of course you can go honey." "Nessie!" Dad whined. Mom rolled her eyes, "Oh hush Jacob. She hasn't proven that she can't be trusted now has she." Dad pouted a second before turning stern again and pointed a finger at me. "Stay out of trouble. Curfew is 10. And stay with Kemper tonight." I nodded, merely to appease him. Dad groaned and rubbed his face mumbling about teenagers. I giggled to myself, momma smiled at me. "You look gorgeous sweetheart. You deserve to have a little fun." And so I did. I exited the front door a little nervously. The beach was right now the road from our house so the walk was short. I could hear the music from the porch. I walked quickly. The beach wasn't crowded with kids, but it had enough to make me nervous. I gently walked forward. When I spotted Molly I sighed in relief and nearly ran for her. She grinned when she saw me, "Thank god you came!" She pulled my In front a boy I didn't even remotely recognize. "Ari. This is Bronx. He's a junior, and phased last year." I nodded politely, I heard dad mention his name here and there. "Bronx, this is my best friend I babble so much about, Arianna Black. But you can call her Ari, like everyone else. He grinned at me. "Those vampire genes don't lie. You're gorgeous." I blushed bright red and looked down. "Thanks." I mumbled under my breath. Molly giggled. "Where's Kylie?" I asked attempting to change the subject. Molly rolled her eyes. "Where she always is. With Michael." I noticed Bronx tense at this news. I immediately tried to change the subject. "So... Bronx... That's different." Bronx laughed. "Tell me about it. My mom was drunk when she named me, and guess where she was from?" Realization came over me. "Ohhhh." Bronx laughed. "Yeah. Oh well she was a bitch anyway." "Oh," I mumbled awkwardly. "Did your dad not have a say?" That was obviously the wrong thing to say because Molly nearly choked on her coke. Bronx frowned. "He's not really around either. I live with the Clearwater's. I have since I was 11." "Oh." why did I keep saying that! "I'm so sorry. I didn't realize and.. I'm just so sorry..." "Nah don't be. They weren't worth my time anyway." And I then knew that I had no idea how to socialize. I'm officially a loser. I will have no friends here. Or the ones I do have will only be because they're related to me. "I'm just gonna," I struggled. "Go find Kylie." Bronx reached out and gently grabbed my arm. "Hey you don't have to go. Really. It's okay." The smile couldn't stop itself from forming on my lips. "Okay." I nodded softly. Suddenly more interested in this cute sweet boy. "And that's... Kian?" I asked. Referring to the other boy who was in our grade and in the pack. He seemed a little standoffish. Bronx nodded. "Don't mind him. He's just... Got some personal stuff going on right now." I frowned and met Kian's eyes. He glared back at me and I shrank into Bronx's side. A bold laugh echoed around the fire. My head snapped up to meet the owner of the beautiful sound. Suddenly a boy who had to be in the pack turned in my direction. He had on a polo light blue shirt with dark jeans. His hair was spiked up in the front a little. Not a mohawk in any way! But more of a little point. It was insanely hot. He is one of the taller guys here. And that's among wolves. He is not skinny, just bulky pure muscle unlike some of the other lanky wolves. His smile instantly simmered as he met my gaze his jaw dropped and he stared at me with such an intensity even I couldn't look away. I could feel myself sweating beside the fire. "Oh my God." He mumbled under his breath. And that's when I realized he imprinted. ON ME. I felt myself breathing deeper. Suddenly the boy was right in my face. I couldn't handle that. I was hyperventilating. My vision turned blurry and I couldn't see two feet in front of me. "Chase!" Someone yelled. Then the next thing I knew I was falling sideways over the log. Then... Black. Damn way to start off Arianna Black. Review, to let me know if I should continue, thanks!