auroras flicker and recede. The Milky Way emerged, a pulsating bed of light taking the foreground. You never saw the stars that way in Forks―they seemed so alive here. "What are you going to do?" she asked after a while. "I don't know." "I wish I could help you. But, I can't say I've ever experienced anything like this." "Never?" "Never in all my years." She chuckled. "Sometimes I forget how very young you still are. It must be very hard for you, this life." Just like that, I was the little brother again. That both annoyed and relieved me. I wondered how long it would last. "I was doing just fine until the other day," I replied, ruefully. She became lost in thought. "There have been times when the scent has been more enticing than others," she eventually acknowledged. "But never with the intensity that you've described. Neither with human nor vampire." The fact was, before the pity and guilt they felt for their victims moved them to abstain from human blood, my Denali cousins had been man-eaters in the most literal sense of the word. They were the very source behind the myth of the succubus . "My experiences with humans have been satisfying, but also . . . limiting. No matter how much you love them, no matter how brilliant the mind, how passionate the soul, you can't forget their fragility ." She picked up a pebble, pulverizing it to dust between her fingers. "And then, of course, they die . . ." And you're alone . . . "I think we're speaking at cross-purposes now, Tanya." I scoffed, though I shivered at the images that resurfaced in my memory. Beneath the violence lurked a disturbing sensuality that frightened me. She shrugged. "Then maybe it's something else. You've denied your instincts for a long time. Maybe it is a resurgence of the thirst. Why don't you talk to Eleazar? He's very wise. He . . . helped you before." How well I remembered what Eleazar had done for me. I could never begin to repay the debt I owed him, and the last thing I desired was to divulge that his faith in my so-called humanity was misplaced. I was ashamed enough about what I'd already let Tanya extricate from me. Only with hindsight did I come to realize that he was exactly the person to whom I should have unburdened myself. "No, I think I need to work through this on my own." She pondered for another moment. When she looked back at me her face was tender. "We all fight it, you know. Even me, after all this time. We aren't all lucky enough to have a loving family like yours, though." She jumped up and brushed the accumulated snow off herself. "Look: you're welcome to stay as long as you want. But I think Carlisle probably wants his car back soon." She grinned, impishly. "I'm sure that driving your Volkswagen must cramp his style." "Volvo." I corrected her, smiling for the first time in days. I didn't flinch when she reached to brush the cowlick down this time. "I think you know what to do. Whatever it is, just make sure you come say goodbye before you leave, okay?" She left no draft behind her as she darted into the falling snow. Just make a decision, Edward. Flip a coin, whatever. You can't stay here. I weighed the facts. Removing myself from a dangerous situation had been the right thing to do; I knew that. But it had been weak to run away―I knew that, too. Yes, I had run to protect my family from being implicated if I made the wrong choice― oh, stop the psychobabble! ―if I killed that girl. I had run because I was afraid of appearing weak. That clean record that I was so proud of―no murders in seven decades―it meant nothing. How arrogant I'd been! When it came down to it, I was afraid of asking for help. There was another, deeper reason for my flight that I could not articulate then. It percolated in the recesses of my consciousness, only becoming clear with the passage of time. There was no 'aha' moment for me. In the end, I made my decision because I was sick of myself. Absolutely. I couldn't stand myself a moment longer. Tanya was right. I did know what to do. It was necessary to face this. I'd dealt with temptation before, not of this magnitude―not even close―but it wasn't Bella Swan's fault that hers was the most horrifyingly appealing scent I'd ever breathed in my life. I didn't have to let it under my skin. I didn't have to let it keep me away from my home and the family that I loved. The thirst need not control me. Everyone was at home, waiting. I could hear snippets of thoughts and conversations as I turned off the highway onto the gravel drive. Alice was in a tizzy. Quick, Jazz, he's almost here! He'll need you. When I got to the house, Esme was waiting on the porch, alone. I couldn't meet her eyes. It was a good thing no one else heard the reprimand she gave me because by the time she'd finished, I felt smaller than Alice. I just stood there and took it, knowing I deserved every word. When she finished, she hugged me as if she'd never let go. "Never, ever do that again," she commanded, releasing me at last. Tenderly, she reached up to smooth the hair on my forehead. When she pushed me back gently and turned to now open front door, Jasper stood on the top step. I could feel him analyzing the atmosphere, judging the emotions of everyone in the home now that I was back. Our family was whole again. Complete. But for how long? "You were missed, brother," he said, finally. Satisfied by his appraisal, he gave me an one-armed hug. "We should talk."