" He reaches down with one hand to touch me furiously and I feel myself coming just as he grunts loudly. If it wasn't for my own intense pleasure, I'd have an irrational need to laugh at how much he sounds like one of those tennis matches I watched a couple of weeks ago. Edward collapses on top of me breathing heavily, then rolls to his side. Holy shit, I can't believe I actually had an orgasm during sex . He's like a miracle worker or something; his cock should be bronzed. "Bella?" he asks softly. "Where can I—" He points down to his now soft cock, unable to finish, and I can't help grinning at his shyness after what we just did. "The bathroom is across the hall." He climbs out of bed and I stare at his naked ass as he walks to the door. As soon as he's out of the room, I stand up, feeling deliciously sore for the first time in ages. I pick up my panties from the floor then walk over to my dresser and grab a t-shirt out of the drawer, pulling it over my head. When Edward returns and sees me dressed, he steps into his boxers, frowning down at them. I resist the urge to laugh again. I can't even believe someone makes those in a size to fit a grown man. Walking over to him, I pull his face down to mine for a kiss. "I'm ready for some dessert now," I tell him. He follows me to the kitchen and I motion for him to sit at the table while I dig through my freezer, looking for ice cream. "OK, so I have s'mores and cheesecake flavors," I announce, holding the containers up for Edward to see. He remains silent, raising one eyebrow, until it hits me. "Seriously?! You don't even like cheesecake? It's not even cheese ." "Close enough," he shrugs. "It's made with cream cheese, right?" I shake my head as I put the cheesecake ice cream back in the freezer. "You do not know what you're missing." I scoop the ice cream into two bowls, then sit down at the table and dig in to the sweet, creamy goodness. After a couple of minutes, I look up at the still-shirtless Edward and chuckle at the chocolate ice cream dripping down his chin. I start to reach out my finger to wipe it off, but then I get a better idea. I move over to Edward's lap, placing one hand on his chest. Holding his face still with the other hand, I lick the ice cream off of his chin, feeling his five o'clock shadow tickle my tongue. "Yummy." I lick my lips and see his eyes darken in arousal. "Fuck," he whispers. I smile sweetly then take another spoonful from my own bowl. "You're the devil," he mutters, shaking his head. When both of our bowls are empty, I rinse them in the sink and grab two bottles of water out of the fridge, handing one to Edward. I sit in my own chair, twist the top off and take a long sip, then notice the way he's watching me. "What?" "I just… can't believe this has all happened. I've had a crush on you for three years," he admits. "Ever since you started at the company and your boss brought you around to meet everyone." "Really?" He nods shyly. "What made you finally decide to ask me out?" Edward stares at me like a deer in headlights. I raise an eyebrow, looking at him questioningly. "Uh… I didn't," he whispers. "What?" I ask in confusion. "I didn't ask you," he confesses. "That day at Rose's desk was the closest I'd ever been to you. And I guess I wouldn't shut up about you the rest of the afternoon. Emmett got tired of hearing it, so… when I got up to grab something off the printer and didn't lock my computer, he sent you the instant message — as me." I stare at Edward, watching the way he squirms. "Please say something," he begs. "That was really sweet of Emmett to try and help you out." "Sweet?" he scoffs. "I wanted to kill him. I was sure you'd say no and that would be the end of my fantasy." "Yes, sweet," I insist, moving back to his lap so that I can kiss him. "You're sweet," he whispers, before deepening the kiss. I could keep kissing Edward for hours and never get tired of it. "Will you be my girlfriend?" he blurts out when he pulls away. "I would be honored, Edward." I kiss him again, running one hand through his chest hair until I'm more than ready to take this back to the bedroom. "It's getting late," he says when I finally stop kissing him. "Do you want me to leave?" "Is there another option?" I ask, a little — ok, a lot — disappointed. "We could go back to bed," he replies suggestively. "And I could find out if your pussy is as sweet as the rest of you." Almost the second the words are out of his mouth, he turns bright red, his eyes downcast. "Uh… I mean…" "Edward." "I'm sorry," he whispers. "Edward," I repeat more sharply. He looks up at me, swallowing thickly. He never did put his glasses back on after we made love, and his eyes have never been more green. A giant part of me wants to tease him, but I don't think his heart can take that right now. "I'd like that," I tell him simply. "Yeah?" His entire face lights up in a grin. I swear, he looks like he just won the lottery — and not me. "Come on, Hot Stuff," I tell him as I stand up, offering him my hand. I turn and head back toward my bedroom, Edward hot on my heels. "Maybe you can even convince me to reciprocate." THUD!