torso, trying to bring me close to the owner of the hand. Before I could turn around to face him, I felt his hot breath against the back of my neck, where he pressed a kiss. Then he whispered, "Happy third anniversary, Mrs. Cullen." Unable to stop myself any longer, I rolled over to face my husband and then said, with an arched brow, "I thought you were sleeping. You haven't moved in the last hour or so." He flashed me a grin and smirked. "I like to surprise you, love. Besides, I was going to make some moves right about now." I giggled at his horny thoughts and said, "Oh really? Can I ask how did you plan to move?" "You can. But I would much rather show you," he said with a wink. Then he rolled over, effectively trapping me beneath him. "See, now I am going to get this offensive shirt off of you, followed by those ridiculous things you wear called boy shorts. And then I am going to worship every fucking inch of your body," he said, already pulling the shirt over my head. As I saw him throw it behind him, in the general direction of the hamper, I fisted his hair in my hand and said, "You really have no verbal filter, do you?" He shrugged, capturing my lips in a hungry kiss. When he knew I needed to breathe, he let go of my lips, and moved his kisses down my neck. Then, he whispered against my skin, "Verbal filters are overrated, anyway." I could only moan in response as I felt his mouth close around my nipple while one of his hands travelled further down to explore those wet and ready folds only he knew so well and so intimately. The moment he slipped inside me, I felt my eyes shut tightly, savoring the feeling and silently thanking God for giving me opportunity to love this amazing man and call him mine. He took a moment to just be joined with me in the most intimate way possible, and then he made good on his promise. He made so many amazing moves that my whole body was turned into jell-o by the time he pulled me into his arms, letting my head rest right above his heart. I was still trying to get my breathing under control when he asked, "So are you going to tell me what made you sob earlier?" Fuck! I didn't notice that I was sobbing when that memory of the most frightening day of my life had been on the forefront of my mind. I thought of saying that it was nothing and he was just imagining things, for a moment but knowing him, he would pester me until I spilled the beans anyway. So, I warily said, "I was just thinking of the day we got engaged." I felt his arms tighten around me, as if he was scared of losing me, just like I had been for him. Placing my left hand on his chest, I let both my engagement and wedding rings catch his sight before saying, "I love you, Edward. No matter how many ice creams you spill, no matter how crazy you are, or even if you'll never be able to control your verbal diarrhea, I love you with all my heart. I was not ready to stop then, and frankly, I don't think I will ever be able to stop. So promise me you'll always be with me." He chuckled and said, "Try and stop me, baby. I love you too, Bella; so much that I was ready to fight with death to get back to you." I peeked at his face and decided to give him the news I had been holding to myself for the last few days. Taking a deep breath, I asked him, "Do you love me enough to not freak out when I tell you that I am late?" His breathing stopped before starting quicker than before. He nudged my chin to make me look into his eyes and asked, "What do you mean, love?" Blushing furiously, I moved my fingers through his chest hairs and whispered, "Congratulations, Dr. Cullen. You are going to be a daddy." His eyes widened. He opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again, before closing it once more. A sudden burst of giggles escaped my mouth, and I tapped the tip of his nose. Then I said teasingly, "Did I finally manage to render you speechless?" Slowly the shock wore off and a huge grin took over his face. He tightened his arms around me and asked, "Are you serious? We're going to have a baby?" I nodded, raising my head to place a kiss on his smiling lips. His eyes closed and then snapped open again, all traces of a smile vanished from his face. "Oh shit! Do you think I will be a good father?" he asked in a panicked voice. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I smiled against his lips. "I believe you will, baby… as long as you learn to grow a brain to mouth filter." He gripped my ass in his hands and made me straddle him, ready to celebrate the news in his favorite way. As I sunk down on him, he cursed out loud, telling me how good it felt. I gave him a mock-stern look, and he smiled his crooked smile at me. Shaking my head, I murmured, "There's still time to deal with your filter," before starting to show him moves of my own. So, why do I love him you ask? It was that damn smile, I tell you. That crooked, lopsided smile that had me eating right out of his hand. It was that smile that made me fall more in love with him every damn day and you know what? I loved the smile along with the man himself with all of my being. ~THE END~