down at Jacob, causing the man to flinch at the look he was getting from the woman. "Jacob, how many times do I have to tell you, you live under this house enough, so start calling me mom. Now start doing it" she commanded as she walked off, getting back to her cook, leaving Jacob behind with a sheepish look. "Sorry, I'll try to remember next time, mom" Jacob assured, getting a gratitude smile of Sue as she turned around and nodded her head before getting back to cooking. Jacob silently sighed, before picking up his knife and fork and started to eat his breakfast. Jacob had been living with the Clearwater's for over three months now, since his father left to go and live with his sister, since she actually lived closer to the woman he was seeing at the moment and since his father and this new woman seem quite keen on seeing how the relationship will go, Jacob was all but pushing his father out the door, wanting the man to be happy after the death of his mother and with one call and agreement with Sue then within the day, Jacob's stuff was either put in storage, while the rest was brought over from his house to the Clearwater's and placed in Seth's room. Ever since then Jacob and Seth's relationship seem to have taken a whole new level in many way, one being the way the two would live together when they found their own place and the sexual adventures the two would get up to while under the Clearwater roof. And Jacob couldn't be happier. Sue flittered around the kitchen as though it was the most normal thing in the world. Greeting Leah a good morning as she trudged into the kitchen, her gown wrapped tightly around her as her hair was tussled around a little, as the elderly woman placed a hearty breakfast before her daughter like she did for her son-in-law to be. "So, what's been happening at work?" Sue asked as she took a seat between the two, Leah seeming too tired to answer so Sue turned her gaze towards Jacob, watching as he chew on the toast that had an egg and two bits of bacon on it. Sue watched Jacob with amusement as the boy chewed as quickly as he could, before swallowing it all. "Not much, I've just got a few cars that need tuning up and a few tire changed here and there, but other than that, it should be a quiet day" Jacob said, taking a sip of his coffee. "What about you, mom? What have you got planned?" Jacob asked, making sure to call Sue mom, from now on. Sue smiled at Jacob, glad to hear Jacob calling her mom. "We've got to do a stock check before we have the stock truck coming in. But other than that nothing much" Sue said, taking a bite of her own food, hearing a hum from Jacob as he got back to his food, before the woman turned her attention towards her daughter, seeing that she has gained at least some form of herself. "How about you Leah?" "Hmm…" Leah hummed, looking at her mother with bleary eyes, seeming to have just started to nod off before getting interrupted from her mother. "Ahh…Oh!" Leah seemed to snap wide awake right then as a thought crossed her mind. "Shit! Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit" the mantra seemed to continue on and on as Leah ran around the house, gobbling her food down in massive bites, quickly drinking her coffee before running up stairs, the sounds of her rushing feet led all over the place upstairs, before Leah was saying a quick 'bye' before exiting out the house with a slam of the door ; all while Sue and Jacob stared at Leah's now vacant spot with blank faces, both never having seen Leah move around the house so fast. "Uhh…" Sue looked at her daughters spot with a stupefied looked, "That's a first…" she trailed off. Jacob nodded in response, as stupefied by how fast Leah could move when she's in a hurry. "Oh, isn't time for you to be going as well Jacob?" Sue said, finally getting out of her state and looked at Jacob with a questioning look. Jacob looked down at his watch, seeing that Sue was right. Jacob's shift started in about half hour, but luckily he's work place is only twenty minutes away. Ah… Yeah, I better get going then" with that Jacob finished the last of his meal, chugging the rest of his coffee as he went to the sink and placed his dishes in them, before walking to exit the kitchen. "I'll see you later mom. Have a good day at work" Jacob said, leaving the room and heading for the door, his stuff already ready and waiting at the front door. "You too Jacob. Say hello to everyone for me" Sue called out, still finishing off her own breakfast. "I will" With that Jacob closed the door behind him a lot calmer then Leah did the sound of stumbling coming from upstairs announced that Seth was now a wake, and seemed to be in a hurry for his morning duties at his own work place. Jacob left for his car with a smile on his lips at the antics of his Seth. xXxXxXx An: So… I know I should be working on 'I Hate You! But I Love A Part of You?'. But this came to me when I took my brother to work in the early hours of the morning and just kind of wanted to write it down, so here it is. I hope you guys will like and tell me what you thought of it. So please, read and review and enjoy. WolfPacFaan P.S: I promise after this I'll get back to finishing the next chapter of 'I Hate You! But I Love A Part Of You?'