things we talked about?" Edward cups my face and looks me in the eye. "That was all me. I know it's confusing because I played different parts, but the things I said were true. You're the only one who really knows me." I pull away and take Edward's hand, leading him to the painting. "And you saw inside me." He squeezes my hand. "That was an intensely personal moment. I shouldn't have—" "No, I'm glad you did." I spin to face him, looking into his handsome face. "Edward, I can't lose you. I hate what you did, but I understand it. I've been wearing an invisible mask. My father, teachers, and fellow students think I'm a business major when what I really long to do is theater. Two lives that are literally tearing me apart." Edward brings our still-joined hands up to his lips. "You're not going to lose me. I'll do whatever you need me to. You've made such a difference in my life." "Anything?" "Name it." I step forward, placing my hands on his chest to push him back. Edward stumbles, and I do it again until the backs of his knees hit the bed and he falls to the mattress, propped on his elbows. I waste no time straddling him and pinning his chest to the bed. "I've been wondering for a while . . ." "Uh huh?" "What it would be like to kiss the real Edward Cullen." Edward grasps my hips, sliding his hands along my waist. "He's right here." Leaning down the rest of the way, I brush my lips over Edward's. He kisses me so soft and tender, an earnest apology. "I want you to kiss me." "Like a for real kiss?" I grin. "Yeah." He flips our positions, my back hitting the mattress, legs wrapped around his hips. There's nothing tentative this time when his lips capture mine. I slip my fingers into his wild hair and pull his face closer as our lips and tongues touch and explore. He rests on one elbow and slips a hand under the edge of my shirt, caressing the skin just above my jeans. Electric shivers race through my body, taking my breath away. Edward deepens the kiss, his soft groan setting me on fire. Because of the position we landed in, I feel every long, hard inch of him when he flexes his hips, pinning me to the mattress. My own pelvis lifts to meet his, and I slide my hands down his back to grab his ass and pull him closer. "Bloody hell," he whispers against my neck. "You're killing me, Bella." His long fingers graze over the lace of my bra—why did I wear a bra today?—rubbing back and forth until my nipple is a hardened pebble of sensitivity, sending shocks of sensation between my legs. His warm, velvet tongue licks slow swirls along my clavicle and up the side of my neck. "You're definitely the one doing the killing . . ." My words dissolve in an involuntary moan. Edward raises his head to look down at me, the heat in his eyes sending a tingle up my spine. "We have to stop." "Don't want to." I grab his face and mash our lips together. We kiss, long and slow, frantic and wild, and everywhere in between as our pelvises rock together. Delicious friction creates a spreading heat. Edward pulls his mouth from mine. "We can't do this." "Why not? Do you have more secrets?" He smiles tenderly. "No, but with all the revelations today . . . I won't take advantage." He traces a finger along my cheek. "I'm on the pill. And you're not . . . taking advantage." "Bella, I want you. Believe me. But if you regretted even a moment, it would destroy me." "That's so sweet." I look into his beautiful green eyes. "So you." We kiss some more, the heat building between us even through our clothes. My bra is pushed up, the warmth of his hand kneading softly. I slide my hands up his shirt to scratch over his muscled back and shoulders. I beg him in a breathless voice not to stop rocking against me. He doesn't. We both flop against Edward's pillows and grin at each other. "Best dry hump ever." He smirks. "Dry hump often, do you?" "Not since I was a horny teen doing 'almost.'" I laugh, still breathing hard. Edward entwines his fingers with mine. "Can I take you out to dinner?" "Isn't the dinner supposed to come before the naughty?" "We've never done anything traditional, have we?" "Why start now?" "I should clean myself up and change." Edward winks at me before grabbing some clothes and going into the bathroom. When he comes out, I'm standing in front of the portrait of me. He lays those talented painter's hands on my shoulders and massages them. "What now, Bella?" I shrug. "Where do you feel like eating?" Edward swipes my hair aside, pressing soft kisses along the side of my neck. "That's not what I mean. Where do we go from here?" I turn and loop my arms around his neck, digging my fingers into his hair—that crazy hair I've come to adore so much—and meet his earnest green gaze. "Well, I have to come clean with my dad and probably change my major. Might leave stage crew and join the cast, maybe even audition for Juilliard. And I hope we can explore what's between us now that the masks are off." Edward looks troubled. "I've come clean with you, but I still have my anxiety issues to deal with." "And you will." "I'm not ready to go to Juilliard." "There's no hurry. I support you, and you support me. We'll get through this together." "Together." Edward kisses me hard, and then he gets hard, and I wonder if we're destined to skip dinner to play "almost" again. I'd forgo food to bring down the house. To be continued...