her to run away as fast as she could but she knew she wouldn't stand a chance unless he let her. Perhaps he would, let her run away then taunt her as he ran beside her or shoving her to the ground while letting her get up again and try to flea away. A painful game of literal cat and mouse. She wished she could just melt into the sand, to hide away from him. How could she have thought she was safe there, on La Push soil? Of course, he would come for her, even if she was on Quileute land. Her blood called to him like crack to a drug addict. She watched as he threw things around snarling and yelling at her, but she could not hear him anymore. Her mind had blocked him out, now all she knew was the pain on the back of her left hip. Even now she could feel warm liquid running down her waist through her dress to the sand, she only prayed that one of the wolves could smell her blood and would hurry to the beach to find out where the smell of blood was coming from. She screams as her body was thrown through the air again, into another bolder, only this time the side of her head smacked against the stone hard causing her black out for a few moments. Whining she opened her eyes weakly. She watched as Edward watched her, then her head smacked to the left with such force she almost thought her neck had snapped. Her right cheek already swollen from his hand. She sobbed silently as she felt her cheek swell up more and the pain grew worse, she had to swallow blood that had filled her mouth, from her biting into her cheek as her head had hit the stone. With a throbbing head she looked at him, his golden eyes black with hunger as he stared at her forehead where blood ran down the side of her nose to her chin then down her throat. She whimpered as he grabbed her by the throat and picked her up off the ground into the air, letting her dangle like she was a broken doll he was about to throw away or break even more. He snarled as he pulled her closer to his face until she could feel his cold breath on her face, she coughed. His breath smelt like blood, fresh blood and even though he had hunted recently there he was with black eyes full of thirst, staring into her eyes with her right eye swollen from his hand. She shivered uncontrollably as he turned her head to the side, exposing her neck to his thirsty eyes. He let out a hiss as he licked the side of her neck, she whined as she weakly started to kick. Her insides turned cold when he smiled at her, a cruel smile that she knew meant he was enjoying her pain. Just like James had when she had foolishly gone to the dance studio alone thinking he had her mom. Even then he had been controlling her, keeping her away from Jacob. She gasped when his grip tightened on her throat cutting off her airway just enough to make it harder for her to breath, but not enough to kill her. After a few minutes her lungs burned with the lack of air, she started to kick at him and grabbing at his stone fingers that were still wrapped around her throat. She knew fighting him was pointless, he was a vampire and she was nothing but a foolish human who thought that she was safe around vampires. She screamed as he threw her away from him, a look of disgust twisting his beautiful face into a monster baring its teeth. The kind of monster that haunted human's nightmares but also brought hope for women, even men, who want to stay young forever. She closed her mouth when her body hit the warm water, but she already had water in her mouth from her suddenly getting thrown into the water. Her hair swayed around her body as she floated limply in the water, silently crying out for help. She needed someone to save her. Heat ran up her spine as she heard deep growling start to come from where Edward had thrown her. As she closed her eyes, the sound of glass breaking apart drifted into her water covered ears. How close was she to the sore? She wondered but she did not open her eyes to find out, all she wanted to do was float in the warm water, surrounded by peaceful silence. Then she felt something walking towards her in the water and she started to panic. Was it Edward? Was he going to drown her? Or would he drink her dry until she turned into nothing more than a scrawny lifeless body in the watery depths of La Push's water? She felt the heat at her spine run through her body as the person moved closer to her, she sighed as strong arms wrapped around her and picked her out of the cold water into a scorching embrace. Her eyebrows drew together, Edward was not warm, let alone burning hot. She leaned into the warmth taking a deep breath. The scent of sandalwood mixed with jasmine and damp Earth filled her lungs causing her to shiver and pressed her nose against a warm muscled chest that almost felt hot enough to burn her to her bones. She wouldn't mind dying by fire, if this person holding her was the cause. She snuggled deeper into the warm embrace as strong arms wrapped tighter around her. Whoever was holding her, she felt like she knew this person, felt his warm embrace as he hugged her. She searched her memory but her mind was slowly fading. She had lost so much blood... was she dying? No, she was just passing out.