Cullen take you Isabella Swan as my lawfully wedded wife, through sickness and health, richer or poor, for better for worse as long as we both shall live' Edward said to Bella. ' You may kiss the bride' the priest said. Edward wasted no time and immediately kissed Bella. They were kissing for about 15 seconds before everyone stood up and clapped. I actually cried a little as they walked down the aisle together. They really make a cute couple. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The Reception~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Jacob and I walked hand in hand over to Edward and Bella. They had to greet every guest. ' Well hello Mr. and Mrs. Cullen' I said to them. Bella just blushed and Edward smiled. ' I'm so happy for you Bells' Jacob said as he hugged her. Bella hugged him back and I let them two have their moment. ' Well Eddie, I'm proud of you' I said patting him on the back. ' Why' he asked curious. ' I expected you to peck Bella on the lips but instead, you had a full blown make out session with her' I said laughing. ' Oh hardy har har' He said. ' I wonder how that honey moon is going to turn out' I said still laughing. ' At least my honey moon might actually be quiet. When you and Jacob go at it…the whole freaking town hears' he said. My face turned into pure shock and embarrassment. ' You're kidding….right' I said mortified. I looked at Bella for confirmation. ' Even I hear it' She said giggling. 'OMG….THAT IS SO EMBARRASING' I shouted. Edward and Bella started laughing and Jacob was smiling like a Cheshire cat. ' I am going to get you two back' I said as I walked away from them pulling Jacob with me. ' Looking forward to it' Edward said to me. I just groaned and walked away from them. ' Well Violet they're telling the truth….you do make a lot of noise' Jacob said. ' Shush….this is not the time or place to talk about that' I said to him. ' Time or place to talk about what' Billy asked. ' Nothing, nothing' I lied. Billy was in his wheel chair being pushed by Sue Clearwater. Seth and Charlie were also by his side. ' Hey Seth long time no see' I said giving him a hug. ' Yeah it has been a while, how are you' He asked. 'Pretty good' I answered honestly. 'Feeling any kicks yet' He said referring to my pregnancy. ' No not yet' I said chuckling a little. ' I can't wait until the baby is born….do you know when the due date is' Billy asked. ' No really but Carlisle has a theory. Since it took me 3 months to be fully formed, he thinks that the same will be for the baby' I said. 'It might be true, since you already look 3 months pregnant' Sue said. 'Is it that noticeable' I said putting a hand over my belly. ' If you look close' she said. ' Why does it matter if it's noticeable' Seth asked. ' Because, I wanted to go back to school soon' I said. ' Oh' Seth said. ' You have forever to go to school' Jake said. 'Yeah, but I want to graduate now. It'll look bad if all the Cullen kids graduated except one' I said to him. ' When since does image matter to you' Jake said. ' It doesn't, but it matters to Carlisle' I said. ' True' Jake said. ' Anyway you guys we'll see you later' I said as I saw Marissa. ' bye Violet' They said. I walked over to Marissa and scared her. ' BOO' I shouted in her ear. She jumped but relaxed when she saw it was me. ' Don't do that' she said holding her hand to her chest. ' Sorry' I laughed. ' Hey Marissa' Jacob said as he came over. ' Hey Jacob, nice to see you again' she said to him. 'Likewise' he smiled at her. 'Ummm Vi, a little earlier before the wedding…I could've sworn I saw you but with blonde hair' She said. 'I'll let you two have some alone time' Jacob said as he walked away. ' Uhhhh about that…..that wasn't me, that was my sister….my twin sister' I said to her. ' You have a twin?...since when' she asked. ' Since a month ago' I said sheepishly. ' How come all of these things happened last month….what happened last month…you got pregnant?' she said sarcastically. ' Well…..' I trailed off. 'No…Violet are you serious…how could you be pregnant…your 16, do your parents know' She asked. ' Yes, they do and they're cool with it' I said. ' They're cool with the fact that their 16 year old daughter is pregnant' she asked with a raised eyebrow. 'It's sorta complicated' I said rubbing the back of my neck. ' Well uncomplicated things and tell me' She said. I hesitated to answer her so she got offended. ' Come on Vi, I'm your best friend…..don't you trust me' She asked. ' Of course I do….but like I said its really complicated….I'll tell one day but please don't make me say it today' I said to her. She just sighed and hugged me. Thank god she understood and didn't pressure me to talk. 'I have to get going but will I see you on Monday' she asked. ' Defiantly' I said to her. She smiled and hugged me one more time before she walked away to her car. I really hate keeping everything from her. Jacob walked over to me once he saw Mari was gone. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my temple. Soon Marissa…..I'll tell you everything soon There you have it ladies and gentleman. The first chapter of Beyond these Violet eyes . All the outfits from this chapter can be viewed on my profile so check it out. Review ^_^