feeling of her lips on mine was surreal. I'd imagined it so many times and my imagination was never this good. She was perfect. We explored each other's mouths, a little tongue here and there. I think kissing Bella is my favorite thing ever. March was a very, very good month. August: We dated all the way to the end of the school year and throughout the summer. And we kissed a lot. The good news was that Bella had been accepted to the University of Washington and I was going to Seattle Pacific so we weren't far from each other at all. The night before we left Forks to head to Seattle for school, Bella and I met at her parent's house for dinner. Her mom and dad were both working and so we had the house to ourselves. After eating and clearing the dishes, we settled in on the couch for a movie. I couldn't pay attention to anything. I had Bella's head in my lap as I played with her hair. I could feel her hot breath on my leg, my dick was as hard as a rock. "Edward," she murmured. "Yeah," I answered, suppressing a groan. She'd started drawing lines on my leg with her fingernail. It was killing me. "Do you ever think about having sex. I mean about us having sex," she pondered. Jesus. What the what? "Yeah, I do," I answered shakily. "How about you?" "Yeah. All the time," she offered, her voice nervous like mine. She still wasn't looking at me. "Edward, can we have sex tonight," she questioned, finally turning and looking up at me from my lap. I swallowed loudly. "Or do you want to wait for someone special?" she added at the last minute, looking away from me suddenly. "Bella, first of all, you are someone special, no I don't want to wait unless you want to wait and yes we can have sex tonight if you want to," I stammered out, as I took my hand and turned her head back toward me. She sat up quickly, a big grin on her face, "Really?" she said excitedly. I could only nod. Standing up quickly she grabbed my hand and pulled me off the couch to follow her up the stairs and to her room. Charlie and Renee had rules, so I'd never been up here before. I'll admit I was a bit nervous at the prospect of her parents coming home soon and interrupting us in the middle of something. Charlie has a gun. He knows how to use it. He's hinted he will use it on me if necessary. "Bella, what about your mom and dad?" I inquired shakily. "They're not going to be home until after eleven, my mom sent me a text before we started the movie," she offered, grinning like a mad woman. "Well, it looks like we've got plenty of time then," I reasoned. Not that I'd last that long. Pulling me into her room now, she stood in front of me and took my hand, placing it on her tit. Now, I'd felt her tits before, but knowing what was coming next, literally and figuratively, I thought I was going to pass out. Groaning, I gave it a squeeze, eliciting a groan from her as well. She started grabbing my belt, pulling on it impatiently. "Bella, slow down, I'll take care of it," I moaned. "Hurry, Edward, I want you. Now," she whimpered. That was all it took, I leaned down and started kissing her crazy, undoing my buckle and pants, reaching for hers when I was finished. Her hands grabbed at the waist of my jeans, pushing them down to my knees, my boxers still up. I pushed her pants down and she stepped out of them, one leg at a time, smiling beguilingly at me all the while. "Edward, come here," she said sexily as she motioned with her finger to come to her. I walked toward her after kicking my jeans off, removing my glasses and whipping my shirt off over my head. She was making quick time taking her shirt off too, leaving her standing there in her perfect white bra and underwear. "My God, you're beautiful," I whimpered, shaking my head at my luck. She smiled the prettiest smile, then reached for me, pulling me on top of her on her bed. "Edward, I love you. I can't think of anyone better to have my first time with. Rose and I went and got on the pill, so we're good to go." Then she teased, "If you still want to, that is." "I love you too, Bella, and of course I still want to," I declared. "Okay, let's do this!" she exclaimed, beaming up at me. I cracked up. She was amazing and she was mine. We slowly explored one another's bodies, kissing nipples, licking things… yeah, she licked me. Licked. My. Dick. Finally, when I didn't think I could take one more second outside of her, she asked if I was ready, and told me that she needed me inside her. Slowly, oh so slowly, I entered her. I was so afraid it was going to hurt her and so afraid I was going to blow my load, I was really hesitant. "Do it, Edward, do it," she blurted. So I did. My, God, it was like nothing I could've imagined. So warm, so tight, so wet and so fucking incredible. She was tense for only a few moments, and then started getting into it... a lot. I was about four seconds from losing it, when she suddenly told me to go faster. That was it, I was done. I lay there afterward, kissing her all over, her hands running up and down my back, realizing what a lucky guy I was. Dreams do come true, even if I was odd, even if I was clumsy, I got the girl I wanted and she got me.