go" Bella said sadly, "Bella I've imprinted on you I have to know that you are safe from your dead stalker" Jacob said. Bella moved in her seat and turned to face Jacob "listen I'll be fine" Bella said " I'll sleep outside in the woods tonight just to be sure" Jacob said, "or you could sleep in my bed and keep me safe from harm, huh, do you like that idea?" Bella asked. "I love that idea Bella but Charlie is staying here tonight" Jacob said in a whisper sure not to let Charlie hear him "he is working night shift tonight so it's an empty house again" Bella said as she ran her hand through his hair. Jacob moved his head away "if I sleep with you tonight I would be off guard, like last night when he managed to sneak into the house, I can't but I'll lay next to you" he said to her "on top of the duvet" he added. "OK" Bella said "your loss" and she walked into the kitchen. Jacob walked up the stairs, "Bella, are you in your room?" he called. There was no reply, "Bella" he shouted again he rushed up the stairs and found the door to her room open wide. Jacob walked in only to see Bella struggling to get out of Edward's arms. Edward had his teeth sunk into Bella's neck, Jacob ran over and ripped Edward off of her. Jacob looked down and saw Bella shaking in pain on the floor, he kneeled down and tried to sooth the pain. "What have you done to her!?" he said to Edward, " I gave her what she wanted when I was here, remember she wanted to spend eternity with me, not you mut" Edward said on a triumphant voice. "Bella, honey are you ok" Jacob asked but Bella didn't answer. Edward moved silently over Jacob, Jacob turned and put his hand out to stop Edward from coming any closer to Bella. But Edward bit Jacobs hand and Jacob screamed in agony as he kneeled down on the carpet holding his throbbing hand. Bella awoke first, she was in the Cullen's house and Jacob was on the bed next to her. Alice walked in "oh, thank god your ok" she said sounding pleased "what happened to me?" Bella asked." I'm so sorry, Edward went crazy he could hear Jacobs thoughts and they drove him mad, we got to you in time but we didn't get to Jacob. He had crawled down stairs and went outside, we didn't know he was there." Alice said sadly. Bella looked over to Jacob he was much paler, she had never seen him like that before. "Alice, is he... is he " Bella couldn't get the words out of her mouth," dead" she said finally, Alice looked at her with despair." We think that he will be able to fight off the venom, we hope he can." Alice said. Jacob woke up feeling sick, he saw Bella but she didn't look like Bella at all. "Bella is that you!" he said, Bella turned," Jacob, oh my god your alive" she ran over and kissed him," Jacob you're freezing " she said "what, no that can't be right, I'm not a vamp..." he said assessing his hands and arms, he stood up an began to pace up and down. Jacob looked at the floor "where is he, I'll kill him where is he Bella" Jacob looked in her direction. But just then he collapsed on to the floor. "Jacob, please, wake up Jacob!" Bella said, she shook him violently and he soon awoke. "Bella, I saw him, I saw him, he was in my head" Jacob said, just then Edward entered he room escorted by Jasper and Emmett, "Jacob, I'm sorry, I don't know what got into me."Edward said while scratching his head. Bella glanced at Edward and then stopped crouching over Jacob and walked over to Edward. "Why Edward, what have I ever done to you, I didn't leave all of sudden and then *Bella took a breath* come back two years later expecting by girlfriend to have waited for me. Correct me if I'm wrong Edward." she looked his straight in the eyes. Edward moved uneasily in the spot but then lifted his head to talk to Bella " I can't correct you on that Bella, because you tell the truth, I did expect you to have waited but if I had returned a year earlier I'm sure you would have stayed loyal to me..." he said with his head held high, "LOYALTY!" Bella screamed "YOU CAN'T TALK TO ME ABOUT LOYALTY, look what you have done to him!" Bella said getting gradually quieter. Edward stepped towards Bella in a threatening way but Emmett pulled him back, "He deserved that, do you know what he was thinking?" he asked Bella, "no, but I don't want to know and since you seem to know what he is thinking I'm sure that you will know that.." Edward interrupted "that he has imprinted on you, yes, but frankly it disgusts me what they do." he said. Jacob lay in the corner and Carlisle was nursing him, "the wolf blood has fought off the venom, he should recover soon" Carlisle said and nodded to Emmett and Jasper to take Edward out of the room, he patted Bella and the shoulder as he left the room with the others. Jacob had recovered well and the pack were keeping there borders tightly secured. Bella had decided to move in with Jacob to make sure that he was ok. Bella never heard anything from Edward again but soon after Alice told Bella that the vision had changed to favour Jacob and Bella's relationship completely, they knew that they were safe for now but they didn't know what they future would hold for them. Please comment and give advice_ criticism welcome_ thanks for reading_still not to sure about the last paragraph_