think of all possible scenarios that would make sharing thoughts humiliating. "Will you just shut up? These are trade secrets," Jared said loudly. "Damn it! This chick runs with vampires." "I can't really run with vampires," Bella said. "Because they're fast." Clearly, the wolves and vampires did not get along and what my sister just said offended them. "Oh yeah? Well, we're faster," Jared replied. "Freaked out yet?" Bella shook her head. "You're not the first monsters I've met." "Jake's right," Embry smiled. "You're good with the weird. On the other hand Olivia, I don't think you're so good with it. No offense." "None taken," I said with a laugh. "I agree." Embry and Jared laughed with me. It was like now that we knew their secret, they were okay with us being around them. I felt welcome. "I just don't get it though. How? Why?" Bella asked obviously wanting to know more about the whole I-can-turn-into-a-wolf thing. "Because there are bad things here and they're getting worse," Sam's voice erupted through the house as he entered. Where had he come from? I hadn't even heard him coming. The moment his eyes landed on Emily, his unsmiling face changed into one of adoration. He walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her. He kissed her scarred face multiple times making her giggle. A smile appeared on my face too as I watched the happy couple. I wished I could meet my perfect pair soon and be in Emily's place one day. It seemed like a nearly impossible idea though with so many immature idiots at Forks High who never caught my interest. I had gone out with Mike before, but when I found out that Jessica liked him, I made sure to never go on a date with him ever again. It was the right thing to do, but now it was just very awkward between Mike and I. To my relief, he seemed to have gotten over it and now he was pursuing after Bella, but of course she didn't like him as more than a friend. Why couldn't he just get the message? Was he so oblivious to see that Jessica really liked him? And why couldn't Jessica confess her feelings to him? I was pretty sure he would be interested in going out with her, but of course life wasn't simple or easy like that. I noticed Bella shifting uncomfortably next to me and I whispered to ask if she was okay. I didn't know why I asked because obviously she wasn't. I mean, just watching Sam and Emily together was probably a painful reminder of what she lost, but she nodded nonetheless telling me that she was "okay." I expected to see Jared making gagging faces, but to my surprise, he was completely fine with the PDA. He actually looked happy to see them together. It was nice to see that even he had a mature side to him. I suddenly remembered...If Sam was here, where were Jacob and Paul? It was like God heard my thoughts or something because Jacob and Paul arrived the next second. They laughed as they pushed and jabbed at one another. Jared and Embry stood up and crowded around Jacob and Paul. "Ah ha! Look! Jacob is completely unscathed, but what do we have here? Paul has a small scar on his arm! Ha! Pay up," Embry said excitedly as Jared groaned about losing another five bucks to him. As Jared reluctantly handed Embry the five dollars, I saw Bella making her way outside to talk to Jacob in private. "Sorry," Paul said to her with a smirk on his face as he passed by. She gave him a small nod in acceptance before exiting. Now that Bella was gone, I didn't know what to do as I awkwardly remained sitting at the table picking at my nails. I knew that she wanted to talk to Jacob, but I didn't want to be left here alone! Paul was about to take a seat when he finally noticed me. To think of it, he hadn't even seen me during the whole incident when he phased into a wolf. He had been too busy with being angry at Bella and Jacob. His muscles tensed and his eyes widened. It was like he was seeing something amazing for the first time in his life, but that didn't make sense because he was looking at me. And let me tell you, I was nothing special. I was just plain old me. He kept staring and his gaze never faltered. Was something wrong with him? That was when I realized that something was wrong with me too. I could feel it. "Dude, did he just imprint on her?" I heard Embry's voice ask. Imprint?! What did he mean by that? And why did I feel so captivated by Paul? My eyes got lost in his beautiful dark orbs and I thought I was going mad. What was happening to me? Most importantly, why was he looking at me like he was completely in love with me? "Yup, I think he just did." "Uh oh." Author's Note: Yes, dude that just happened! I'm jealous of Olivia. I wish Paul imprinted on me too haha. Please don't forget to leave a review! :) I want to know what you all think. Do you like it so far? Oh, and was this chapter too long or was it okay? I personally like reading long chapters, but I don't know what you prefer… Btw, I really hope I didn't make any of the characters seem "out of character." There were obviously a few lines from the movie in this chapter used here and there, but that's just to set my story up. The next chapter will definitely be different! Anticipate the PaulxOC relationship! I would really like to know what you thought about my writing so seriously, please leave a review! I'll appreciate it a lot. -Jane