So all round today was a good day for Jacob. "I'm back" Jacob called to the house as he entered through the door, closing it as he took his shoes off and headed for the living room with a smile and ready to relay his day to his soon-to-be-family. The smile faltered as he entered and saw all the grieving faces of the pack and his soon-to-be-family. "What's up" he asked his smile still on his face, only holding a little of the enthusiasm as when he entered. He looked toward his fiancé for an answer, he watched as she went to get up, but was beat as Sue stood up and walked over to him. "Come with me" Sue walked on heading for the stair, he looked towards Leah in confusion, only to get a nod as a 'go ahead'. His confusion increased as he followed Sue up the stair and down the hall, heading for Seth's room. By the time Jacob entered the room, Sue had an envelope with Jacob's name on it. "Read this" She simply said handing the envelope to Jacob, patting Jacob on his shoulder as she walked on towards the door, "Come down when you're ready" she said before closing the door. Jacob was beyond confused and curious to know what was in this envelope. He walked towards the bed and sat down, looking at the item in his hand and debating whether he should open it or not. His curiosity got the best of him, he opened the flap and pull the folded paper out, unfolding it and reading its context. Dear Jacob I am sorry that you won't be getting your answer from me in the time you have given me. Just like the letter I wrote to my family, I didn't know how I should write this, if I should beat around the bush or not. So I'm just going to go out and say it. I've run away. This isn't a joke, I am serious. Don't try calling the police, the authorities or the pack to come look for me for you will never find me. please believe me when I say its best this way. For with this way, you can have all of your dreams come true with Leah, you have that family that you want. You can have that big wedding that you want, teach your son how to drive or ride a motorcycle, protect your little girl from the boyfriends that she has, you can do all of that with Leah. And if I stayed, you wouldn't have been able to do any of that with me. So that's why I left. To let you live your dreams. Don't worry about me, like I've told my family. Well not too much, but just trust in me please, for me. I only have one request. Please make my sister happy. make sure she will always have a smile on her face every single day, make sure you make her laugh, and make sure to never let her cry over something sad. Please, if not for me then for Leah. Please Jacob, I know you can give her all of that. For that's the kind of person you are, you make everyone around you happy, whether your near them or in their thoughts. Like you will always be in mine. So please make my sister happy, and give her all of your heart. Not half, but all of it, make it as strong as you can make it please. I know that if I continue writing, I'm going to let the tears roll down my eyes. I'm so sorry that I've gone and done this, but it's for the best Jacob. For you and for me. So please don't come looking, but even if you do, like I know you will, you won't find me. By the time you find something I'll be gone already. So don't come, stay and live your life with Leah, for it's a better option for you. Ok, I'm going to stop now. Otherwise I'm going to have to re-write this again. And like I told my family, just do what I'm going to be doing. ' Wipe those tears away. Let a smile grace your lips. And pray that I'll come back and we'll see each other again' Love always Seth Clearwater P.S. Please don't let Leah ever see this note. Burn it or something please. Jacob felt like a piece of him has just been taken away. 'Seth...you've run away' he thought to himself as he stared at the note, tears escaping from his eyes as he re-read the note. The soft sound of knocking came to the door, but Jacob didn't pay any attention to it, he only continued to stare at the letter in his hands. "Jacob..." his only response was him looking up to see Sue standing there with a sad smile on her lips as she watched Jacob silently cry on Seth's bed. "Supper is ready. I made it early because I think everyone needs a good's night rest" Jacob only nodded, before looking down at the note in his hand. One promise came to Jacob's mind as Sue left him there. 'I'll do as you asked Seth. I'll make Leah happy. But if you come back, I'm making you mine forever' xXxXxXx An: I only have one thing to say. This was a bitch of a chapter to write. Hopefully next chapter will be nicer to write. The next chapter should be a bit more fun, then after that, the actual fun begins. Yay. So tell me what you think. Three main questions: Was it good? Were the letter good? And did this chapter tug at your heart strings? Please let me know, I'm actually quite paranoid about this chapter, hoping that it's to your satisfactory. Well WolfPacFann out ^_^! P.s: Remember, any advice you guys have let me know ^_^. I'll give you a cookie...