Edward as the revelation dawned on her and stared at him in shock. "You knew he was listening!" He had a slightly smug look in his eyes that didn't quite disappear as he tried to look ashamed. "He needed to know." She heard Jacob start to storm off and turned to follow him, stopped by Edward's hand on her elbow. "Bella, let him-" "No Edward! Don't!" She yanked her arm away with a glare and was momentarily surprised at her strength before she ran after Jacob. "Jake, wait!" He ignored her, moving quickly to the path that would take him down the mountain and she stumbled as her heart pounded painfully in her chest. "Jake, please! Wait!" He stopped at the edge of the cliff, his back to her and she could see him shaking as he fought the urge to phase, his fists clenched tightly at his sides. She got as close to him as she could without falling off the cliff and stared at his back as she tried to think what to say. "Jake..." He whirled on her, his face angry and eyes glittering dangerously. "I'm done Bella, I'm so done." She felt her breath catch as panic squeezed her throat shut, heart thudding against her ribs. "Jacob...what...what can I do?" He chuckled darkly, shaking his head angrily as he dragged his hand through his hair. "I think you've done enough Bella. There's nothing you can do. But I can, by killing something." She felt her heart jump into her throat and she stared at him in a panic. His lips twisted into a bitter smile and he looked back over the cliff. "Maybe I'll get myself killed down there, make it easy for you." "Jake no! Please, stay." She wanted to reach for him, keep him safe up here with her but she knew he wouldn't. He turned to her with an angry look and scanned her face. "Why Bella? Give me one good reason to stay." She knew what he was asking and looked away as she desperately tried to think of something. "I can't lose you." A humorless bark of laughter made its way out of his mouth and he shook his head. "Not good enough Bells." She swallowed hard and stared at the ground between them. "You...you're too important." "Still not good enough." He started down the path and she knew that if she didn't stop him she would never see him again, one way or the other. "Jacob!" He stopped, waiting, and she clenched her fists as she took a deep breath. "Kiss me." Slowly, he turned around, staring at her and she licked her lips. "I'm...I'm asking you...to kiss me." He searched her face for a long moment, and she was afraid he would walk away. Suddenly with a few long strides he was in front of her and she blinked up at him nervously. Eyes never leaving hers he placed one hand on her hip and the other cradled her face as he lowered his lips to hers. He kissed her slowly at first, as though afraid she would pull away again but she found herself pulling him closer and deepening the kiss. Unlike their first kiss, this time she allowed herself to kiss him back, her arms coming up to wrap around his neck as her eyes closed. His hand tightened in her hair and she felt her back arch as his other hand gripped her hip tightly. As his lips caressed hers she suddenly saw a vision rise behind her eyelids; walking down an aisle on the beach, not to Edward but Jacob. Then a small cabin in the woods behind Billy's house, them sitting on the large back deck with the Pack for a barbeque. Finally the last picture rose in her mind, of two little children with lighter russet skin, black hair and brown eyes, laughing as they ran around the cabin's yard. She gasped into Jacob's mouth, slamming back to earth as his tongue caressed her lips gently and he slowly pulled back. She clung to his shoulders, dizzy and breathless and felt his hands cradle her face tenderly, his lips brushing hers once, twice, before he wrapped his arms around her and lowered his head next to hers. His breathing was ragged and she could feel his heart beating as fast as her own as he whispered "That should have been our first kiss." She said nothing, still too stunned by what she saw and the sudden rush of warmth that rolled over her in waves. He sucked in a deep breath, shuddering slightly and he sighed. "I gotta go. But I'll be back." He turned away from her, not looking her in the eyes and took off down the path, leaving her standing on the cliff. A dizzying array of emotions swept over her as she stood unseeing, too lost in her thoughts to do anything but take slow breaths. She felt dampness on her face and reached up to find tears on her cheeks. It surprised her until she realized they aren't tears of sadness, but happiness. At that moment, on top of the mountain, she came to the realization that she loves Jacob Black, she is in love with him, and she wanted the future that she saw for them more than anything she has ever wanted. Something nagged at the back of her mind that something is in the way of her getting that future and she was unsure in her daze until she heard a branch snap behind her and turned to see Edward standing there, a look of trepidation on his face. "Edward..." ' Oh no...' A/N: Well, what'd you think? I know a lot was from the books/movie, but I wanted to use it as a way to change her thinking about Jake. And the kiss on the mountain is one of my favorite scenes ever. *sigh* Anyways, please review and let me know your thoughts. :)