bed, his stance reminding me of a lion about to bounce on his prey. I bit my lip once more, bringing my hands to my hair, pushing it back roughly as I waited for him to make his move. He slowly crawled up the bed on his hands and knees, resisting the urge to rub my thighs together at the sight I let out the breath I hadn't realised I had been holding. One of his hands found my hair the other grasping my hip so tightly that I would probably have bruises there tomorrow, his breath came out in soft little pants as I closed the gap, throwing myself entirely into the kiss, taking him by surprise slightly but he soon recovered. He pushed me down gently so I was now laying on my back, still not breaking the kiss, he nipped and sucked at my bottom lip until I was almost begging him to deepen the kiss. Still not granting my wish he broke the kiss to trail open mouthed kisses along my jaw and down the curve of my neck, nipping at my sensitive skin every so often. "Jasper." I whimpered quietly arching my back so I was pressed flush against his chest. "Please." He nodded in response, his hands trailing down my sides until they were skimming the hem of my t-shirt, slowly rolling it up until it was off of my body entirely. He licked his lips slowly as he took in my form, my breasts barely covered by a sheer black lace bra, I instinctively moved my hands so that I was covered. "Don't." He all but growled out as he pushed my hands gently out of the way, moving them so they were pinned above my head with one of his oversized hands. "Watch me." He demanded as he slowly lowered his head to the swell of my breast, his tongue darting out to slowly trace the curve of my breasts. I moaned involuntary, closing my eyes slowly. "Bella." His tone was harsh but still sinfully husky, I quickly opened my eyes again, his free hand was hovering over my bra and once he noticed I was watching he ripped the delicate lace from my body so I was completely exposed to him. Not wasting anytime he dipped his head taking one of my sensitive nubs into his mouth, sucking softly at first ever so slightly scraping his teeth against the sensitive flesh. He repeated this action several more times, varying between both breasts until I was squirming underneath him. "Jasper." I whined out quietly, trying to pull my hands away from his tight grip. "I need more." I begged my eyes pleading with his. A devilish smirk appeared on his lips as he brought his lips back to mine and kissed me with so much lust and passion it took all myself control not to scream out for more but instead I lost myself into the kiss. Somewhere between our urgent make out session we had discarded most of our clothes, my matching lace panties, like my bra had been ripped from my body and were far from being wearable ever again. Jasper, clad now only in his boxers trailed a finger slowly, teasingly along my slit, he hissed out slightly as he realised just how ready I was for him. "So wet," he all but moaned out as he flicked his finger lightly over my clit, causing me to practically jump off the bed. He chuckled lowly before lowering his boxers with both hands, I propped myself up on my elbows to get a better look at him, licking my lips slowly in approval. He stroked his length slowly a few times before I lifted myself up onto my knees replacing his hand with my own. "Jasper, I need you." I stated my voice unfamiliarly husky with need. "Well, what kind of gentleman would I be if I denied a lady her needs?" he smirked reaching over into the bedside table pulling out a metallic foil packet, tearing it quickly open with his teeth before sheathing himself. "Lay back." His tone was firm and commanding, I nodded quickly, laying back at the top of the bed as he positioned himself between my legs. His eyes never leaving mine, he slowly began to push his way into my heat, a loud sigh coming from both of us as we finally joined in the most intimate way. This feeling was indescribable, my previous relations were nothing compared to this, Jasper didn't move for what seemed like an eternity, as if he was savouring the feeling. Propping himself up on his elbows he threaded his fingers with mine before he began to move slowly at first. After finding his rhythm he began to speed up his movements, surprised at how close I was getting to climax I rocked my hips into his as he hit that spot that made her toes want to curl with pleasure. He was taking his time, moving steadily as not to rush things but soon he realised just how close I was he began to move almost impossibly fast with a new found urgency, I leaned up slightly capturing his lips in my own, throwing all my emotion and passion into the kiss. Jasper's hand slid between us, rubbing my clit roughly as he growled against my lips. "Come. Now." And with that I clamped around him, letting out a soft yell as I tipped over the edge, my hands moving to his back, digging my nails deep into his soft skin. This seemed to set off his own release as he grunted out before his body collapsed on top of mine, both of us panting slightly our bodies covered in a thin layer of sweat. His breath was hot against my neck as we came down from our mutual release, my hands instinctively went to his hair, running my fingers slowly through his hair, untangling his damp curls.