didn't know him. He eyed me quite amused that I was quiet for a second. "My name's Jacob Black, son of Billy Black, you probably heard the famous surname Black" he said with his cocky voice and a smug face that I started to hate. "Oh yeah! I know him! So what? Doesn't mean you're the son of the richest man on earth doesn't mean you could scare off other people" I said. He was taken back with my outburst. "And I don't care who I messed with! I don't care if that person is rich or a celebrity" I said in anger, blood boiling up my skin. He took off his shirt as he tried to flex some of his muscles. I didn't notice he was big and build. I cursed my little mouth for not thinking but to blabber everything. Now I look intimidated as his chest rose up and seems to cover my whole face. He walked slowly towards me and I unconsciously walked behind. Every time he takes a step forward I did the same retreating to his massive form. That is until I reached the cold tiled wall and got trapped. He then stopped in his tracks and put both of his bulky arms in the wall in each side of my face, cornering me. His breath ghosted over my exposed neck as he muttered something. "You got attitude kid, careful what you say, I might put that pretty mouth of yours to good use" he said aggressively and seductively? I didn't really understand. I pushed him hard but he wouldn't even budge. Taking advantage to my smaller frame, I slipped down and escape his predatory stance. "And by the way, why are you the one being mad when I was the victim of accident?" He said raising his eyebrow. I tried to reply, but couldn't think of a reason. I have a personal reason and that is the fear of losing the job. I wouldn't tell him for a change. I couldn't come up with a reason so I made an excuse so I wouldn't have to face this predicament. "Whatever, I'm done talking" I said as I turned around ready to walked out the room until I felt a hand grasped my arm "Wait!" he said slightly panicking. " I didn't want to piss you, what we talk with the manager was good news, I requested him not to fire you out of your job". "He said you're a newbie and I don't really want someone get kicked out on their job just because of a little accident" he said, surprised evident in my face. I was trying to sink down the information and regain my composure. " I'm so.. sorry I didn't mean to upset you. I was just too worried what would happen to my mom when she hears the bad news, I was just scared. Thank you Mr. Black and I'm sorry again for approaching you in a different way" I said tearing up a little. Happy that the person I loathed the most was indeed trying to help me stable my job. He held my chin up and wiped away the tear that was threatening to fall out of my eyes with his thumb. He looked directly in my eyes with concern and adoration."Don't cry, shh, I'm sorry too for being an arrogant asshole, mind starting over again?" He said trying to lighten the air that was thick from the fight we just had earlier. I nod my head up and down. "My name is Jacob Black" this time his voice sweet and tender not the cocky voice he had displayed earlier. He offer his right hand for a handshake "Seth… Seth Clearwater" I said but before I could accept his hand. I heard the manager called my name outside. " I'm sorry I have to go, you should go too." I cleared my throat and change my tone " Thanks for coming Mr. Black to Spork's Restaurant. Hope you have a fun time here." I said knowing he didn't actually have fun here but still I tried to be formal. I pointed the door that leads to the exit " This door sir lead you to the exit, thank you and come again" I said as I closed the door and rushed to the Manager's Office. Jacob's POV I stared blankly at the door. I was still stunned at the moment, my hand still up for the shaking. I move my right hand down in my right side. As I exited the restaurant, I forgot that I have a date that wasn't finished. Then, I remembered she walked away and went home first. That however, I was glad that I didn't have to be stuck with her. I couldn't help but smiled as I recall the encounter with the boy. The boy is very interesting. Never in my life have I encounter a person that would be as impulsive as I am when I get angry. He was stunning and unpredictable. He's kind and very understanding to his mother. He thinks maturely despite the boyish face and small physique he has. The more I think of him, the more I admire him. Somehow I want to protect him and care him. Just as I thought, I'm glad I agreed to date Rose for a change that I met him. The way he says Mr. Black is so sexy and it's turning me on even though it was unintentional. I want to caress him; I want him to be mine. This is the answer to my prayer. SETH CLEARWATER the boy I found interest to. This day indeed was my lucky day. A/N: How about that for a beginner? Do you like it or despise it. Either way, I'm still kinda new to this so please let me lend your thoughts by clicking the review button. Please tell me what you think. Don't hesitate to correct any mistakes :D