to eat was not good. Rosalie brought me a cool cloth and I wiped my face with it. I was starting to feel weak from the lack of food. "No!" Rosalie called over her shoulder. "You were right. She couldn't keep it down." Carlisle reappeared with Jacob and Edward close behind. "Okay Bella. I am going to give you an IV drip, just to keep you hydrated. After that there isn't much I can do for you here." He set to work expertly finding a vein in my hand and setting up the clear liquid. "I have been talking with Jacob about werewolf pregnancies. As far as he knows they follow the regular path. This is not like that at all, it is very strange. You have developed to about 12 weeks even though you could only be 3. Not being able to eat is also a bad sign. The baby is essentially stealing your reserves to sustain itself. At this rate, I'm sorry to say, that neither of you will be able to last to term. Even with the accelerated development." "We are going to starve to death." I needed to be sure of what he was saying. I wanted to be blunt and clear. Carlisle's eyes were sad and defeated. "Yes." He let out a long deep sigh. " We could try to terminate-" "Stop. You are not going to do anything to the child." I cut him off and turned away. It was not an option. "Bella-" Edward spoke up from the side. "NO!" My voice cracked a bit but I was determined and I was not alone. I looked at Jacob hoping he was still with me despite the fact that Carlisle had pretty much said the chances of the baby being his were slim. His face was unreadable. Carlisle nodded. "Okay. Keep trying to eat every few hours to see if we can beat it." We did. We tried three more times that day with no success. The final attempt had just been an oyster cracker. It was so small and insignificant I thought how could my body possibly reject it? Obviously it had found a way. By the end of it all I was thoroughly exhausted. I could feel the skin on my stomach tighten from two days without food. I was hungry for sure, but the pain from being sick so many times was worse than the hunger. The next day was more of the same. Around three in the afternoon I refused to try anymore. I was getting too weak. Sleep was winning out over pretty much everything. "How much longer do you think she will be able to go on like this?" Edward asked. "It is hard to say, the child is still growing at an alarming rate. With this much pull on her reserves I couldn't confidently say more than a few more days unfortunately." "And we can't turn her as she is now?" "Not without also killing the child. I am sorry Edward." I woke up again to Jacob leaning over me. "Jake." "Bella. We need to talk about something okay?" "No." I didn't have the energy to continue. "No Bells, I am not going to try to convince you to do something you don't want. I think we all know you well enough to realize what a giant waste of time that is. I wanted to just say something. Can I?" I nodded. "Bella, you have been everything I have lived my life for for so long. Everything I do seems to revolve around you and making you happy. It has even gotten to a point where I think I have lost myself. I know you want me to be here, I know you think I have a right - But Bella, this child isn't mine. No matter how desperately I want it to be. There is no way even a werechild would be doing this. I know the baby is Edwards' and it should be his. That is the way it is supposed to be. I can't keep hoping it will finally be me Bella. It won't. It won't ever be me." I grabbed Jacob's hand and brought it to my lips to kiss. Tears filled my eyes. Everything he said was true, but it didn't stop it from feeling like a stab wound to my gut. "No, don't cry. This is for the best. Okay? I just needed you to know that I will always love you too. But I need to go now. I can't watch you die like this." He started to stand and I grabbed his hand again with all of my strength. "Oh, and I'm sorry about your shoulder and your lip." He stopped suddenly and his eyes lit up. "Wait. wait." Then he was gone. He rushed around the corner. Rumbling voices raised and lowered out of earshot. "We have to try it!" Jacob insisted as Carlisle and Edward rounded the corner again. "Have to try what?" I managed to ask, but I didn't need to. Edward held a short cup of thick red goo. I could already smell it. "Pigs blood." Carlisle replied. "Jasper has been drinking it here and there when he can't get out to hunt but needs to take the edge off. "It isn't horrible." "It is if you are a human!" Edward replied. " It's ok Edward. I will try it." I was desperate for anything to work. I sat up and brought the cup in close to my mouth. Edward had put a straw in the cup so I didn't need to lean too far into it. I took a deep breath. Then I took a short sip only letting a tiny drop of the warm liquid touch my tongue. . . "It tastes. . .good." I took a hearty gulp. The blood hit and soothed my raw and rumbling stomach. It was official then. Jacob was right. The baby was Edward's. Etc. The End.