There were murmurs as people weren't sure whether or not to believe her. The argument was interrupted by the clacking of wood against stone. Now, now, what's going on here? It was old lady Xiu. The crowd parted, giving way to the village elder as she hobbled towards them with her stick. Her shrewd eyes took in the battered traveller. What are you doing? He was harassing Li Rong! The blacksmith said heatedly. He wasn't, Li Rong countered. It was a misunderstanding. He wanted water. Old lady Xiu shook her head. Listen to the girl. Do you know that his companions are outside? Blacksmith Wen seemed unhappy, but no one dared to argue with old lady Xiu. There were murmured apologies. Someone helped the traveller up, another gave him a damp cloth. Someone else passed him some medicine. The crowd dispersed, the disorder dissolving as quickly as it had come. Old lady Xiu gave Li Rong a nudge with her stick. You're too beautiful for your own good. I keep telling your mother to send you for the selection, but she's stubborn as a mule. She eyed the traveller, who seemed confused by the crowd's sudden change in attitude. Be careful when you show him where the water is. His lot has many weapons. Li Rong nodded her head respectfully to the elder as she limped towards Li Rong's home, no doubt to nag Li Rong's mother about the selection again. The traveller's eye was swelling, his lip split. He seemed wary of speaking to her. Despite having done nothing wrong, Li Rong felt a twinge of guilt. Cautiously, she reached for the damp cloth and medicine in his hands, taking them and gesturing for him to follow her. Eduardus was anxious about following the girl. His ribs ached from where they'd kicked him, and he was sore everywhere else. But she tapped her bucket, clearly indicating that she was going to show him where the water was. He glanced around and saw that people had returned to their work, having lost interest in the spectacle. He'd come this far, he might as well find out where the water was. Guardedly, he followed her down a winding path to a well. Without him having to ask, she lowered the bucket into the well before hoisting it up with the handle, showing him how the mechanism worked. Then she dipped her fingers into the water. "Shui," she said. "Excusa?" "Shui," she repeated patiently, dipping her fingers into the water again. He couldn't help himself from noticing how beautiful her hands were—long, elegant fingers and a delicate wrist. "Shui," he echoed. The Serican word for water. But she shook her head. "Shuuiii," she made a downwards and then an upwards motion with her finger, baffling him. "Shui," he repeated, unable to tell the difference, and she only smiled, an enthralling smile. He expected her to leave, but she stayed with what was unmistakably guilt in her eyes. She emptied the bucket and turned it upside down, gesturing for him to sit as she took out the cloth and ointment from her pocket. Eduardus remained standing, not wanting a repetition of the market incident, but the girl was insistent. With a forwardness and strength that surprised him, she took him by the shoulders, pushing him down to sit. Then without asking for permission, she dabbed the medicine over his eyelid and the cuts on his face. Bemused, he managed to thank her. "Gracias tibi ago." She paused, seeming unsure of what he'd just said. He shook his head to indicate it wasn't important, rising, and she gave him the ointment and strips of cloth, gesturing at his shirt. She was asking him to apply it to the rest of his body. She seemed as though she wanted to say more but someone was yelling. "Li Rong!" She turned, calling out something he couldn't understand and then looked back at him. Eyes earnest, she pressed the bucket into his hands and without another word, she disappeared into the market crowd. Li Rong. Was that her name? A term of address? A request? He had no way of knowing. He looked down at the empty bucket in his hands, the girl's lovely countenance still burning brightly in his mind. Historical notes 1. ' Bella' doesn't actually mean beautiful in Latin, it means war! (here is where artistic license come in handy...) 2. " She puts the flowers to shame. She entices the birds to fall, and the fish to sink – so exquisite is she." – This may sound funny when translated into English but I adapted it from two Chinese idioms based on real historical beauties. ( 贵 妃 羞 花 Guifei shames the flowers, 西施沉鱼 Xi Shi sinks the fish) 3. ' The Son of Heaven' with reference to the emperor – the Chinese used to refer to their emperor as a deity or otherwise chosen by the higher powers. 4. Eduardus had 'never seen such a sophisticated structure' – the ancient Chinese used blast furnaces (our current technology) to make cast iron about 1500 years before Rome, however, the iron they made were brittle and used for decorative objects instead of weapons. 5. Luoyang was one of China's old capitals. 6. Although Li Rong is portrayed here as speaking Mandarin (=Beijing dialect, now spoken by almost everyone in China on top of their own local dialects), a girl in her time most likely did not speak Mandarin but a different Chinese dialect. Fun fact: speakers of different Chinese dialects usually cannot understand each other. Latin translations Currite!: Run! Vadete celerius!: Go faster! Aquam indigemus: We need water Me excusa, domina...: Excuse me, miss... Aqua: Water Ubi?: Where? Non: No Faex: Shit Mehercle!: By Hercules! Gracias tibi ago: Thank you Chinese translations Na me mei! （那么美！） : How beautiful! Ni yao shen me a? （你要什么啊？） : What do you need? Bie da le! （ 别 打了！） : Stop fighting! Shui （水） : Water