bubby, Bubbly bushy blonde, and waited. She huffed but explained. "The Cullen's moved here two years ago. Dr. Cullen is the Chief of Staff at the hospital and Mrs. Cullen is a stay at home mom, though she does do stuff around the community. The kids, as I said, are all adopted. The big one with the short hair is Emmett Cullen and next to him is Rosalie Hale with the long blonde hair and long with Jasper Hale, the curly blonde. The Hale's are twins and all three of them are the oldest, seniors this year. Then there is Alice Cullen, the short spiky haired girl and… Edward," she sighed the last name as if it were a prayer, that had to be the most pathetic thing I have ever heard. "Cullen, the bronze haired boy. They are both in our grade." They table in question seemed to have perked up a little as we were talking as if they were listening, weird. Edward was staring in my direction in frustration like he couldn't figure out something so I did what any normal person would in my position. I crossed my eyes and made a funny face at him. His eyes widened at me. I smiled and waved. Looking over the rest of them I caught the eye of the one named Jasper. His tawny eyes sparkled with humour. I took in his blonde locks falling over in his face and the sexy as sin smirk on his face. He winked at me before turning away to talk to the spiky haired girl. "So hot." I whispered. But not quietly enough it seems and bubby heard me. "Edward?... yeah he is hot." She replied staring dreamily at him. "But apparently none of the girls here are good enough for him." She went on turning away and sniffing haughtily. "Oh really. And when did he turn you down?" I asked. "Bella!" Ri chastised. "what, it's just a question." "Filter, Bells, filter." He sighed shaking his head. "yeah, yeah. It's nothing to be ashamed of really. Not everyone can get the class heartthrob. Rejection is character building." I explained. "Isabella." He said and that father knows best voice. "Fine, fine. I'm sorry bubby. I didn't mean to bring up past hurts or anything. If it makes you feel better, I don't think it was you in general he was rejecting." I patted her balled up hands in her lap before looking back at The Beautiful table. "But no I wasn't talking about Edward I was talking about Jasper. I usually don't go for blondes but that boy is hot with two T's." Jasper raised his head and looked at me again with raised eye brows. The spiky haired girl next to him glared at me. "Well don't bother, because he is taken." She barked at me. "Bummer. Here I was playing out a scene with that boy in a pair of cowboy boots and a Stetson. Talk about saving a horse." At that the curly haired behemoth of a man burst into loud laughter and the blonde super model next to him slapped the back of his head even as she smirked and her twin looking like he was struggling not to laugh himself. I shrugged at the weirdness that even though they should not be able to I was pretty sure they could hear us talking about them. "So who is he dating? Does she go here? Shouldn't she be sitting with him then?" I looked around trying to see who may be staring in his direction. "He's dating his sister." She snapped though you could hear the disgust in her voice as she said it. I don't blame her. "Ugh." My brother said dropping the rest of his sandwich. Yeah I am right there with you, bub. I cringed internally. Jasper looked wounded and the spiky haired girl look smug. "His twin?" I shrieked. "what they hell?" Oh Jasper you just lost all your hot points. Incest is not cool. "No. What is wrong with you?" She asked as everyone else at the table looked at me incredulously. "Hey you're the one accusing him of incest so maybe you should be asking yourself that question." I was relieved my dream guy was some kind of freak though. "I meant Alice, the girl sitting next to him. He's dating her." She clarified. "Oh, his foster sister. Geez you had me worried there for a minute." I looked over at him seeing him look down at his tray with a shake of his head. "Yeah well it's still his sister." She said as if that should mean something. "and they're not the only couple. So are Emmett and Rosalie. It's just weird." She shuddered. Everyone else around nodded as well. I opened my mouth but was beaten to the punch. "why because circumstances beyond their control put them in a house together where they could have the family they might not otherwise have had and they just happen to have found something else special within those walls. How wrong of them to find happiness in their otherwise fucked up situation." My wonderful brother said. "Hmmmphf." I nodded and I folded my arms across my chest. I looked at my brother thinking he would be staring down my bubby. But his eyes were in another direction. I followed his line of site to The Beautiful table and found him in a similar staring contest with Ginger. My mind calculated the meaning and I smiled widely. The bell rang in the background breaking the stare down and signaling the end of lunch. Tugging on his shirt sleeve pulled him towards to exit grabbing both trays to empty them. "Come on Twin, we have classes to get to and learning to do." I said loudly. He nodded and followed me willingly. With one last look at the beautiful people I saw that both Ginger and Jasper were watching us leave. Hope you enjoyed xoxo.