had migrated elsewhere. The primal hunger humans have for life, for survival, for…my heart pounded with panic. 'I love Edward. I love Edward." "I love Edward, Jacob." I pulled my hand away. He gently reached for it again placing it back where it was. "But can you say you don't love me?" I was silent too long. He jumped on it. "Bella, can you say you don't love me?" he was asking urgently. I felt the tears start to form in the corners of my eyes. He sensed my conflict and pulled my face up to meet him. His face was bronzed and smooth. His eyes shone back at me like the moon that ruled him. He brushed the corner of my eye. Taking the tear with it. He moved my hips placing our bodies parallel to each other once again. I quickly realized how little I was wearing. My bra on, but barely as a loosened strap draped at my shoulder. I wrapped my hands around my middle in modesty. "Please Bella don't pull away." He pressed his forehead against mine bring us closer again. His warm breath against my face. His lips were full with longing and anticipation, but he kept still. My mind started to wander becoming fuzzy. My thoughts seemed farther and farther away from myself and sticky somehow. I released my stomach and reached for Jacob. My body following its own will – against mine. Outside of myself I saw how I pulled Jacob's mouth to mind and explore. Wild berries, grass, deep red wine and the faint cinnamon flavors rushed in spreading through my cheeks making them burn red. I couldn't pull away. My mind was in a rage – furious at my body for this betrayl. His lips were warm, smooth and fleshy – the exact opposite of Edward's hard cool ones. Life . My body pulsed. Its appetite apparent and unquenchable. "STOP!" I shouted, but the word stuck deep in the soupiness of my thoughts. Instead, I pulled at the button of my pants and clumsily kicked them down and off my legs. They were still cool – not warm- from indirect exposure, but they wouldn't wait any longer. They dove hard and press firmly into his. My hips rising slightly to find his. Jacob's own biology wasn't ignorant of the situation – hadn't been since we had pressed together the first time, but now he let it engage in the senses and pulse with anticipation. I started to sweat. The battle between my mind and my body clearly being lost. I felt woozy, disconnected thoughts and actions. He turned me over so he was on top of me. "Bella" he breathed in hard "are-are you sure? You know I want this. I want you to choose me, but not just me Bella. I want you to choose this- life- passionate, painful, hard life. I know it isn't easy." I couldn't answer him. My brain not letting my body form words. My silence was telling. He squinted to see my eyes better. They were dazed in half consciousness. It was then that he pushed off me and frantically unzipped the bag. He reached for the thermos, but didn't make it. Edward tackled him from behind forcing his shoulder and head down. I could barely see them. The stir on my inside replaced almost instantly with the heaviest exhaustion. It took everything I had to keep my eyes half open. "You sick bastard!" Edward howled. "I thought this was just another one of your fantasies! What did you give her?" My body was heavy like jello and I was fighting to stay awake. "It's not supposed to be this strong. Let go before I hurt you." Jacob yelled back. Edward just shoved his face closer to the ground. "What was it!?" Jacob lurched back throwing Edward sideways "It was just tea! An old recipe to warm you up, calm you down and help you sleep. She drank the whole thing. Seth must have left the leaves in there. You aren't supposed to let it steep that long." "And you didn't think of this before you almost raped Bella?" Jacob's raw rage vibrated through the tent. "How dare you suggest..She seemed.." But he didn't finish, or maybe he did. Edward punched him hard across the face. A distinct crack was auditable. It had only been a few minutes since Jacob left my side, but the lack of clothes and lack of body heat quickly worked against me. It was taking everything I had, all of my power to stay conscious against the darkness, but now my heartrate was sinking again as the chill crept back into my skin. I didn't hear the battle, argument or physical fight that followed. I only know I woke up to Jacob's arms wrapped warmly around me again and Edward stiff and alter at my feet. All I wanted to do was reach out and touch him, to be held by him, to comfort him, for him to comfort me. I knew deep down it wasn't just the tea that drove me to Jacob, and while I tried to convince myself I would have stopped it completely if I were able – I couldn't actually promise myself that. The thought made my stomach turn and twist- nauseous with guilt. "Edward" I muttered half asleep. "Edward…Edward…" he shifted closer and lay next to us – outside of the sleeping bag. His arm wrapped around me from the outside, and I pressed my body to the edge of the bag trying to get closer wanting to forget this. But I couldn't. I knew something now. My live physical body would choose Jacob- warm, beating heart, full of the promise of new life. I couldn't stay this way much longer now that I couldn't trust my body. I needed Edward to change me. I needed to be with him. Jacob might have my live body – but Edward had my eternal soul.