drive of a dog in heat He was once again sex on legs. Taking anyone that wanted a good time, anyone who dared to get a rough treatment of sex, he was the first to offer. He loved rough sex, a little cut here and there maybe, but he didn't like the looks of BDSM, that is what turns him off majorly, even if a person paid him to do it, he wouldn't. "Fuck Bella" Jacob grunted as he was getting closer, his breath heavier, his thrusts getting more wild, his hands clenching into fists as his release was getting close. "Bella..." "Me too" It was all that needed to be said between the two since they knew that the other was getting closer. With a final thrust and a hard pinch, they both cam, Jacob's cum shooting into the blue coloured latex condom. Bella soon following, they both moaned from the release. They both paused catching their breath, coming down from cloud nine. Jacob slowly pulled out; Bella unwrapped her legs from his waist but kept her hands where they were. Jacob removed a hand from the wall and pulled the condom off, handing it to Bella, knowing what she loves to do. Once Bella had the condom in her hands, she tipped her head back and poured the sperm into her mouth. Jacob looked away, not really liking that. She told him that she loves sperm, fresh from the penis, or in a condom. Jacob found it a little unnerving, but always enjoyed the blow-jobs that she gave. So he let her have it. Once Bella was done, unwrapping her hands from his neck and bent down, patting Jacob's dick before fixing her panties, laying the condom in then before pulling them up. Jacob looked at here with a raised eyebrow. "A reminder" Bella shrugged, fixing her skirt that was flipped up so that it was out of range of Jacob's view, and buttoned up her shirt, seeing that the bottom button was missing and that there was a tear where the sleeve and shoulder meet. Jacob stood there watching as the girl got herself fixed up, running her hand through her hair, and straightening out her shirt, to smoothing her skirt before looking up at Jacob, leaning in and pecking him on the lips, before ducking under his arm, picking her bag up and heading for the door. Neither said a good-bye or nothing, neither had to anyway. Bella knew about Jacob's roughness during sex, his libido was that of a dog in heat, wanting to satisfy the need pronto. So she knew that if she texted him what she was doing he'd get over there and satisfy his need knowing that it will at least last him till study hall. She knew that she couldn't keep this up, knowing that he will probably need to find someone else that can satisfy his libido. She sighed as she headed for her next class deciding to wait outside till the bell rang. Jacob leaned against the wall, pants still in their original position, shirt still unbuttoned, and tie tossed somewhere in the closet. He knew that someone probably would of came in and caught them, but he didn't mind getting caught, he wanted the rush of being close to being caught, but at the same time didn't want to be caught. But he loved the moans that slipped out of people's mouth as he pounded into them, the moans coming out of Bella hitting the top. He decided that he better fix himself up, pulling his pants up and doing his fly, buckling his belt and buttoning his shirt. He knew he had the sex drive like a bitch in heat, he knew it and he loved it, cause then he gets to have as much sex as he'd like, fucking the females up either the ass or vagina and fucking the males up the ass, enjoying the gasps of pain they let slip past their lips as he didn't let them get accustom to his size, going straight in and pounding away, a grin of pleasure on his lips as the pain filled moans and gasp continued, the whimpers slipping past their lips. It was hot that Jacob wanted more. He had to satisfy his sex drive otherwise it'll become a nuisance throughout the day, which was why he had Bella as his girlfriend, even if it was temporary. The reason it was temporary, well it actually was more like friends with benefits, he uses her for sex when their at school, but he has sex with other people outside of school, mainly people ranging from sixteen up, even going for hot cougar females or males. Once he deemed himself ready, he walked out of the closet heading for third period since second period with be finishing in three seconds Briiing. Briiiing. Briiing. Seth walked out of his second lesson, saying bye to Quil as he headed for his history class, dreading it more and more as he drew closer. Even though he shared the class with Embry again, the problem wasn't that. I sighed as he came closer to the doorway, seeing students walking in and walking past. He entered the classroom and glared at the person who was sitting in the back corner in the last row, who was grinning back at him. "You going to make traffic, or are you going to let people in" the grinning person said, making a few people chuckle at his comment. Seth felt his cheeks heat up as he walked towards his seat. Not only does he sit away from his friend, who was on the other side of the room, he also had to sit in front of the one person he hates the most. Jacob Black. xXxXxXx An: So tell me: Did you hate it? Love it? Despise it? Enjoy it? What? Let me know what you thought of this story. I'll give you a cookie.