love Jazz was sending out and it helped to sooth our fallen brother. "Edward, I'm no good at this you know that, but you know we all loved her. She was our little sister and we miss her like crazy. I can't even begin to understand the pain you are going through right now brother but you have to know that we are all here for you. We all want to help you get through this. Let us help you Edward." I sighed. I hated that I lost my sister but I couldn't lose my brother as well. "Thanks Em. Sorry about before. I shouldn't have tried to attack Rose, the things she was thinking about my Bella…" "I know man. I was torn myself between attacking her and protecting her, her behavior is horrible." I shook my head and sat down next to him, Edward snorted. "You could never attack Rose. We are incapable of hurting our mates, you know that." "Oh yeah." I showed him the thoughts that went through my head as soon as Rose opened her mouth these days. His head snapped up and looked at me, he opened his mouth to speak when we heard more then saw Alice come flitting towards us at top speed. "Edward! She's alive. She's alive, Edward. Bella's alive." Alice screamed at us. We all jumped up and Edward sprinted to her grabbing her small shoulders and shaking gently. "When Alice." He demanded his body tense for action, I felt the adrenaline rush through me waiting for the word go. I just knew that we would be doing something soon, I just didn't know what. "In the next couple of days, we have to hurry. You, Jazz and Emmett are going and we will be waiting here for you to return with them." Alice told him. Wait… them? "You have time to pack a bag for a few days, it will take that long to get her off your trail and then you will bring them back here. I will have Esme set up their rooms. Go now." Edward took off for the house with all of us following closely behind. "Alice what's going on? Is Bella ok? And who is they?" Jasper asked all the questions that I wanted to know the answer to. "Bella will be fine once you all get there. She's alive, Jazz. My sister's alive." Alice giggled practically skipping to the house. I couldn't stop the smile that spread over my face. My little sister was alive, I raced straight upstairs and into my room. I had tunnel vision right now, my thoughts focused on getting going so that I could see my sister. I wouldn't rest until I could hug her and feel that she was okay. I pulled out a duffel bag and started packing whatever my hands landed on. I could hear Alice giving the details of what was going on as she packed for Jasper. Victoria. I growled lowly. I forgot about that bitch. I would rip her head off personally before I let her touch my little sister; I started shoving things in faster, trying to hurry. The faster I packed, the sooner we could leave. "Come on, Emmett get a move on. We need to leave now." Edward bellowed as I heard him noisily stomp down the stairs. "Alright, I'm coming." I yelled back zipping up my bag and heading out the door. I was stopped by Rose standing in my way. "Where do you think you are going?" she asked. Her arms folded across her chest, studying her nails. "To help Bella." I said standing right in front of her. I didn't want to move her but I would. "Oh, no you don't. You are staying right here, we need to talk." she said forcefully. I know most people think that I yield to Rose, that she wears the pants in our relationship. To be honest I don't really have a problem with that image. I'm not one to let little things like that get to me. I like to believe I am more laid back then that. However, right now I had no patience or time for her shit. "I don't have time for this Rosalie. I am going to help my sister, either move or be moved." I growled. "Emmett." Jasper called. "You wouldn't dare. You are staying here Emmett McCarty, I'm your wife, your mate and I say you are not going to help the little bitch." I saw red. That last thread of connection we still had was severed in that moment. I was raised to never hit a woman and I wanted to respect that but at this moment I didn't see a woman, I saw a threat to my family and I wanted to eliminate it. Before I could move, Rose was snatched out the way and was held up against the wall by my pixie of a sister, her hand on her throat. "Go Em, I will take care of her." Alice growled. For as little as Alice was and as light hearted you wouldn't really see her as a threat but right now you could see the vampire in her. She was fed up with her so called sister. I shook my head and headed for the stairs. "Emmett, if you leave this house I won't be here when you get back. I promise you that if you help her, I will leave and I will no longer call myself your wife." I stopped on the top step and took a deep breath. "Do what you need to do Rosalie. I stopped calling you my mate a long time ago." With that I raced down the stairs and into the garage, jumping into the back seat of my jeep. We peeled out of the driveway heading back to Forks. P.S. I am still looking for another Beta for this story. Let me know if you are interested. Reviews Please :}