her dad left for work and I phased, our family's drifted apart so I don't know what's going on with her now. But shes a chill girl, nice and stuff but fair warning she may be the good girl of the family and all but she has a bad side and you don't want to see it. Very sassy and edgy. Also since I have know her since ever YOU BREAK HER I BREAK YOU!- Paul finished then with a memory of a girl booting a soccer ball towards him. I wont break her I wont even try to get close to her, she seems busy and has more on her mind so she doesn't need this life. – Me Well you can meet her Tuesday since you are already longing for her, Paul is having them come to the cookout so TTTeeesssaaa will be here for you to finally meet. Stop being a wooss about this god- Seth I flashed back to where I started shaking, where Seth kept asking Tessa out and the dirty comment made from the guy about Tessa, it only made me run harder. GOD I WANT THIS TORMENT TO END! How are you feeling this strong of a connection already? It took three days for me to find it unbearable to not be around Kim. –Jared Same with me and Rach…- Paul We were thinking about there being different levels of an imprint. –Logan I wouldn't think there are different levels since they felt all the same besides yours man, maybe because you are fighting it more?- Quil Sam fought his though –Jared IT DOESN'T MATTER! This is going to be broken, Ill read up on our legends and when I see her at the cook out I will break the link between us. The cookout is only what two days away? Yeah I suggest you stay in wolf form, the way that you are feeling you don't have any control of yourself. But seriously you are going to try to brake the imprint?- Jared Haven't you learned anything from Sam and Emily? Fine do you best but come on man it isn't bad. I used to have no control in my life, always shifting and now with Rachael I can be calm. I got part of my life back in ways I didn't understand. But fine be the tough guy and break it just like Sam said he would. Being imprinted doesn't make you weaker it gives you something else to fight for. Or let me say one thing, Tess has been through shit and more I'm sure, maybe she deserves some happiness –Paul then he shifted out I agree with Paul, you are just making things worse. If you feel this strongly already I can bet that she can to, sweet Kim's parents are asleep so I'm going to go through the window. Good luck bro. –Jared then he was gone. Dude- Quil started before I cut him off JUST STOP AND GET OUT OF MY HEAD !- I growled at him and the others and soon found that I was alone. Okay, lets think for a bit. So I have imprinted, on someone I have never known before and isn't in the tribe. Are the ancestors just bored and do this to keep them entertained? My mom and I are still on the outs since I am not going to tell her about this. It's too big of a secret that needs to be kept. I can handle her yelling at me and trying to ground me; which always results in me going to the window for shifts. Trying to hide this secret, dealing with patrols and trying to keep the peace with my mom is a full time job. Now I have imprinted on a Tessa, how will that makes things any better if not worse. Why should I drag her into this world of the unknown? If I am really her imprint and protector then I should protect her from this world and keep her out of it. But they are right, Sam fought his with Emily with all his strength; if he couldn't break his how can I? I will see her in a few days, I have till then to decide but I shall look to see what I can to sever this link. Okay dude I need to finish my shift you good? –Brady Yeah I'm good for now- Me And bro you never know she could be a good thing for you- Logan Bye. –Me I shifted out with that and put on the shorts someone left me by the trees behind my house. I went into the house to find my mom asleep in her room. I crept down to my room I did not want her to yell at me asking what I was doing to be coming back at past 4am. I fell on top of my bed exhausted; I have been sprinting as hard as I could for the past 3 hours at least. I closed my eyes and what I could see was her, those eyes, there was kindness, curiosity, courage, something else to that was hidden. GOD STOP! This is going to be a long night and if I am not seeing her for two days and I am already so hung up on her… I am not going to go there. I closed my eyes again and saw her again when she was walking to her car; STOPP IT PLEASE JUST LET ME HAVE PEACE! I am not going to get any sleep and can my chest stop hurting me; its supposed to be a string not some rope that is strangling me! I got up and got Nyquil from the bathroom and drank it. I felt its effect for sleep take effect, this is the only way I am going to sleep. Two days till I have to see her, just two; it will be easy… Right?