stand here trying to think of something to make her stay, while I watch Lynn back up. Just as Lynn turns to head back out Kiri pops her head out of the window. "Hey cowboy if you wanna find me again come to Uncle Brewskies tomorrow night! It's an hour south of here! Just keep going straight ya can't miss it!" And with that she's gone. I watch as the car disappears into the night, then turn and head into the house. I call out for Carlisle and Esme. Esme calls out that they're in the living room. I follow the hall way down and enter into the room. Carlisle and Esme are relaxing on a sectional sofa, that matches the white plush carpet. The living room has peanut butter brown walls with black trim boards, and a large chrome chandler. The sectional sofa faces an humongous built in entertainment center, with an eighty inch flat screen TV in the center of it and Emmett's knex camera above it. Movies line the upper section. PS2 and PS4 games take up the right side of the entertainment center. X-box 360 and X-box One games take up the left. The systems for the games sit at the bottom, center mass with the TV. Emmett's gonna be Esme best friend for the rest of her eternity. I grin at Esme, "Emmett must have been a good boy this year." I say while looking around at the room. "I wouldn't say good but I wouldn't say bad either. But I didn't do this for Emmett, I did it because Alice said that a entertainment center with lots of video games and movies was needed." "Really?" Esme nods. "So tell us, how did it go?" I smile. "How did what go?" Carlisle laughs and Esme swats my arm. "Don't be a smart butt to your mother. You know exactly what I'm talking about!" The smile on my face grows bigger. "She's gorgeous!" Esme giggles. "That's it?" "Well I really didn't get much time with her. But I have a sort of date with her tomorrow night." "Sort of date?" "It's not really a date, she just told me if I wanted to find her again to be at Uncle Brewskies tomorrow night." "I'm guessing that's a night club." "Yeah that was my first guess too." "Well if it isn't a official date you can take your brothers and sisters with you." Esme said while staring at Carlisle. I knew what that meant, they wanted us out of the house for awhile. "Yeah sure but do you think it's a good idea to throw the family on her so soon?" "It'll be fine. Now that you're here Carlisle and I are going to go check out the wildlife around here." I walked with them to the front door before they left Esme turned to me. "Oh, your room is up the third flight of stairs, last door on the left." She turned and followed Carlisle out. Before they were out of my hearing range I heard Esme comment. "Lady luck sure was on Jasper's side wasn't she?" I thought about that on the way to my room and quickly put two and two together. Lady luck had nothing to do with it but I knew who did. I pull my phone from my pocket and quickly dial her number. She answers on the first ring. " Hey Jasper and no I won't tell you anything till we arrive tomorrow." Damn. "Why?" " Because I don't feel like having this discussion while I'm doing a 120 down the interstate." "Okay, fine but yer spilling yer guts when you get here." " Sure, we'll see you tomorrow. Oh and I can't wait to meet her I already know her, Rose, Bella and I are going to be the best of friends. Bye!" She hung up before I could say anything else. I laid my phone down and ponder what to do next. I really wasn't thirsty I'd eaten before we left Forks, so I decide to put my things away. To kill time and to keep my mind busy, I did everything at a humans pace but even then it only took me an hour to put what little things I had away and go right back to thinking about my mate. I couldn't wait for tomorrow night. I wanted to see her now. I looked at the clock it was only five after ten, maybe I could find Uncle Brewskies tonight and get to see her sooner. Having made up my mind, I headed for the door. I grabbed the keys to the rental and was out the door. Just as I got to the car my phone went off. Don't you dare, you're staying home tonight! You'll see her tomorrow. If you go now she won't like it, she'll think there's something wrong with you. Go back inside and read a book!-A Not being in the mood for an argument I did what she said. Grabbing a book off the shelf, I crawl onto my bed, lean up against the headboard and do my best do read the damn book in my hands but I can't. Green eyes, perfect pink lips and a body to kill for keeps popping into my vision. I close the book, toss it across the room, stretch out on my bed and hold onto it for dear life, trying to keep myself from running to her and scaring her away. Just a few more hours I whisper to myself. I look at the clock again it's only twenty minutes after ten. This is gonna be the longest few fuckin' hours of my life! So what do you think thus far? Like it? Hate it? Let me know but remember to be nice! Tips are welcomed. Next chapter Kiri meets most of the Cullen's. How do you think she'll react? Comment if you have an idea! Thank you! A head of time.