me the potatoes. "Thanks, Dad!" I return his grin and help myself to a large serving before handing the bowl to Rose. "Field box, tier one," he adds, causing my smile to nearly split my face. "That's not fair—" Rose complains. "It is, Rosalie. You got the shoes you wanted last week, and Edward's been getting excellent grades; he deserves a reward," Dads counters, looking up to smile at me—that smile, the one that lets me know he's proud of me. And that's just another reason why I love Carlisle; he always lets me know he's proud of me. Well, both Rose and me, but she's his biological child; I'm not. Unlike with Esme and Rose, I hadn't felt instantly at ease with Carlisle when we met. In fact, I'd been downright wary of him because my only interactions with men, until then, had been with those who visited Elizabeth, and those encounters hadn't been pleasant. So, when first entering the Cullen home, I saw him, I hid behind Esme. He smiled encouragingly and dropped to his knees, bringing his face level with mine. "Hi Edward, I'm Carlisle, and I'm very happy to have you here," he said. I stepped back only to bump into someone behind me. I spun around to face a blonde, blue-eyed girl with lopsided pigtails and a big smile. She moved her hands oddly and then looked at me expectantly. "This is Rosalie, our daughter. We sometimes call her Rose. She's nearly six, and she says hello and welcome," Carlisle said. "She didn't talk," I turned to Esme, refusing to acknowledge him. "She talks by signing. Those movements she made said, 'Hello, Edward, welcome home'," Esme explained. I stared at her in amazement before turning back to the girl. "Thanks," I said, and her smile grew, showing the gap in her front teeth. "Rose wants to show you your room," Carlisle announced and got to his feet. The girl clutched his hand and glanced over her shoulder, and when I didn't follow, motioned for me to hurry. It took months before I'd freely speak with Carlisle, and by that time, he and Esme had been appointed my foster parents. Emmett wanted me to join his Little League baseball team, but I was afraid to ask, worried the Cullens would think me a bother and send me away. Em nagged for weeks before I built up the courage to mention it to Esme, and then, to my disappointment, she said she'd need to discuss it with Carlisle. I was sure he'd say no, but he surprised me that night when he agreed I could join. Esme and Rose accompanied me to my first match and waved when I looked for and found them in the stands. I was so happy and proud to have someone— a family— to support me. When my turn came, I ran onto the field, grinning like an idiot, assumed the stance I'd been taught and managed, despite my nervousness, to hit the ball. "Great shot, Edward!" a familiar voice shouted. I looked over, shocked, to find Carlisle jumping up and down excitedly. I can't begin to describe how I felt seeing him there. I'd secretly longed to have a dad like other kids but had resigned myself to never having one. In the past, whenever I'd raise the subject with Elizabeth, she'd grow sad. "I'm sorry, Edward, but you don't have a daddy; you only have me," she'd say. So I didn't ask again and, eventually, stopped thinking about having a father. When I walked off the field that day, and Carlisle put his hand on my shoulder, drawing me close, I hugged him back. I proudly introduced him to my coach as my foster dad. "Soon to be his adoptive dad," Carlisle added, looking as proud of me as I was of him. I stared up at him, surprised and overjoyed that they'd want to keep me. "Edward?" Mom's voice brings me back to the present. "Did you hear what I said?" "He was probably dreaming about Natalie Jones," Rose says before I can respond. I feel my face flush. "Who's Natalie Jones?" Mom asks. "No one," I mutter, but my busybody sister, who has nothing better to do than stick her nose into my business, keeps talking. "Edward likes her," she rolls her eyes, pretending to swoon. "He wants to kiss her," she says, smacking her lips together. "Shut up, Rose," I warn her, raising my voice. "Don't shout at your sister, Son; and Rosalie, leave your brother alone. How'd you like it if he tells everyone you're sweet on Emmett?" Dad asks, trying to keep a straight face. "I'm not sweet on Emmett McCarty!" she yells, glaring daggers at me even though I hadn't said anything to our parents about her always hanging around when Em came home with me. I'd said plenty to her, of course. "Stop it, you two," Mom admonishes. "Finish your dinner; and, Rose, you can help me clear up." "What about Edward?" she complains. "Your Dad has things to discuss with him." "I haven't done anything wrong," I quickly say. "Relax, Edward. I know you haven't—or have you?" Dad asks. "No!" I protest. "What do you want to talk about?" "After dinner; and there's nothing to worry about if, as you say, you've done nothing wrong," he replies dryly before filling his mouth with food. . . "What's it mean?" I ask, staring at the letter Dad handed me. "I'm not entirely sure, Edward, but it appears your biological father mentioned you in his will. I've called to speak with this Mr. Atkins," he points to the signatory. "He was out, but he'll call back." "As you can tell from what he's written, Edward Winston died in a plane crash about six months ago, and it's taken his lawyers all this time to trace you. Charles Atkins has asked that I bring you to New York for a meeting." Thank you for reading.