them after Mister Alice wiped his brow, though there didn't appear to be any sweat on his face. "I think you watch too many pornos," he replied, chuckling. "Ha, ha" she said, rolling her eyes. "I haven't any anyway. My next endeavor is grocery shopping." "Call Emmett," Mister Esme said to Mister Alice. "He'll drive you wherever you need. No charge." "No charge? How does that work?" "You're one of us now," he said. "You made friends with our wives; you get to reap the benefits of that." "I feel like you're inducting me into some Italian crime family or something," Bella joked. When neither of them laughed, and one of them cleared his throat, she continued. "But I'm sure I just watch far too much T.V. Sure, that'd be great. I'd love to not have to pay for a cab ride." "Sure thing," Mister Alice replied. He stepped away to make the call while Bella poured the meager remains of her dog food supply into a brand new dog dish for Jasper. She made a mental note to add more food to the list, too. Once they were all finished, Bella escorted them back downstairs, leaving Jasper behind. He whined unhappily, but quieted down quickly. "Here's Emmett now," Mister Alice said as a black SUV pulled up. Bella noticed the windows were tinted awfully dark. It seemed like either the CIA owned that car or the Mafia. Given the vibe she was getting, she wasn't entirely sure that her crime family joke from earlier was all that far from the truth. Oh I hope everything I bought today wasn't hot; I hope that's not why they gave me such amazing discounts , Bella thought. Before she stepped towards the SUV, she saw the two Misters stiffen noticeably. She turned to see what made them on alert and saw the same man from earlier jogging towards them. Jeez, that was hours ago, how long did this guy run every day? Bella wondered. "Gentlemen," he greeted, a sly smile on his face. "Whitlock," they replied, nodding slightly at him. "How is it that you know dear Bella?" he asked. Dear Bella? "Um, I bought stuff from their wives' stores today," Bella answered when neither of them spoke. "And how do you know Bella?" Mister Esme asked, not bothering to hide the malice in his voice. He looked at Bella then, betrayal in his eyes. "Just this morning," Bella said when now, this man didn't say anything. Jasper was his name, she remembered. "He was jogging by when I arrived. He said Jasper was beautiful and well-trained, and that was pretty much the extent of our conversation. I'd hardly say we know each other. The fact that he has the same name as my dog is mere coincidence." She felt the need to defend herself to men she hardly knew. "You also said that he was the best bodyguard," Jasper added, now glaring icily at Bella. "I'm curious as to why you need a bodyguard…" "It was more of a joke than anything," Bella replied, confused by his change in demeanor. "And I am a single young woman living alone in New York City. I think having some kind of protection is a good idea. Lest I be carted off by some unsavory criminals and done away with. Now if you three don't mind, I'd like to get on with my errands for the day. Should I call a cab or is the offer of Emmett's car still on the table?" she asked the goon squad. Immediately rescinding back to their original title based on the way they were treating her. She folded her arms across her chest and quirked an eyebrow at them, daring them to continue their sour moods with her. "Um, yes ma'am, you may still use Emmett. I'm sorry if we were rude, or insinuated that you weren't completely welcome." They both immediately relaxed, resuming their prior carefree attitudes. Jasper Whitlock, however, continued to steam. "And you," she added, turning her chocolate eyes to Jasper. "I assume because I've seen you twice today that you must live in the neighborhood and therefore I'll be seeing you often. I don't know what this dick measuring contest is all about, but I won't have any of it. First of all, these two men are happily married to my two newest friends. Secondly, you don't know me; you don't get to have a claim on me. I'm not 'dear Bella' to you. As far as I'm concerned, you may address me as Ms. Swan. Is that clear?" Bella knew that she had to show the people of New York that she wasn't some naïve, mousy, inexperienced mid-western girl. She was smart, both book-wise and street-wise, and she wasn't about to get trampled on by anyone, least of all these three. The sly smile reappeared on his face but he nodded in agreement. "My apologies, Ms. Swan. I'll let you continue your day." He nodded to her and to the goon squad before continuing his jog down the street. "Well, that was interesting," Bella muttered to herself. "You'll tell your wives that I'll see them at girls' night?" she asked the Misters. "Yes, of course, Ms. Swan," Mister Alice replied. "You guys can call me Bella," she said. "I don't know what's up that guy's arse, but I don't' like it." They chuckled, thanked her for her business and motioned to Emmett to get out of the SUV and open the door. Bella couldn't be certain, but she thought she heard the distinct sound of a gun being un-cocked, the magazine dropped out of it. Was Emmett packing? And did he cock his gun when the almost-altercation went down? Bella worried that she might have actually landed in the middle of something she had no business in. Well, what did you think? How deep does the dischord between the Cullens and the Whitlocks go? Who else will we meet in this story?