a game to him. But now she understood. She'd been a joke. She could see his wicked smile, hear his laugh as he told Tanya he'd been slumming. And the locket? It wasn't love. It was proof of conquest. Bella straightened, squaring her shoulders. "Tell Edward I sold it." Charlie, at his wit's end, had sent her to Jacksonville over Christmas break that year. It was visit Renee or check into the hospital. The whole town knew this, she was sure—it was the kind of gossip that made the rounds, even among the adults. "It's in an antiques shop in Jacksonville if he wants to buy it back." She hoped Tanya told him. She wanted to hurt him somehow, if only just a little. Tanya eyed her warily, but then Edward stumbled through the trees again, and Bella scurried for cover. When she was safely hidden, Bella looked back. Edward was kissing Tanya while pulling up her skirt. Then he pushed on her shoulder and she fell to her knees, a hand at his zipper. And Edward looked past her, straight into Bella's eyes. Bella held his gaze for an everlasting moment as Tanya slid the zipper down and ducked her head. Then Bella ran and ran, not caring that she was going in the wrong direction. When she reached the river, she was still holding the letters for Edward and Alice, but not her journal. Given what she'd learned from Tanya, the letters were ridiculous. Bella was too ashamed of them to even throw them in the river—they could wash up on the bank. She used a stick to shove them deep into the crevice of a rock, where time and rain would break them down and no one would ever see them. After what could have been minutes or hours of watching the light play off the water as the river sped past, Bella eventually retraced her steps. She found her journal in the trees where she'd been hiding when Edward returned. She leaned back against one of them, wrote a short entry and closed that journal for the last time. # Dawn was breaking by the time Bella made it back to her car. She drove down to the fork in the road and walked the distance to the house, letter and jewelry box in hand. She had planned to set them on the porch, hoping he'd see them, but uncharacteristically, his car was parked in front of the house. Or maybe it wasn't uncharacteristic. She didn't know him anymore; perhaps she never had. A lump rose in her throat, but she swallowed it back. It was something He had taught her: how tears weakened her resistance. Besides, she had a four-hour drive ahead of her, followed by two classes and a department meeting. Bella would call Him after the meeting; she would kneel and confess. Then she only had to wait. The relief of punishment would come. She approached the car quietly, hoping it wasn't locked. She pictured triggering the car alarm and having to make a run for it. For no good reason, the thought made her laugh, hard but silent, until she felt weak in the limbs. Then she pictured Edward, hair in wild disarray as it always was after sleep, staggering onto the porch, a wedding ring glinting in the moonlight. That sobered her up. She opened the door without triggering any horns or flashing lights, and Edward's scent wafted from the car. Bella closed her eyes and breathed it in. For just a moment, she could feel his arms around her waist, his breath at her ear. No. She set the letter on the driver's seat and straightened to fish the box from her pocket. Lifting the lid one last time, she opened the locket and took out the piece of paper. It was hers. She wouldn't give it back. But it gave her an idea. She tore a corner off the letter and took the pen from her hair. It spilled around her shoulders as she bent over the roof of Edward's car to write two small words. Then she folded the scrap of paper and closed it in the locket. She shut the box, kissed its velvet lid, placed it on the letter, then quietly clicked the door shut and walked away. Her car's engine purred to life as she sighed deeply. She had done it, severed the last tie. And left her heart the only place she could. In less than six hours, she'd once again be standing before a class full of students with varying levels of enthusiasm for the works of Jane Austen. To anyone watching, she'd look like a woman absorbed in teaching and research for her next scholarly work, a woman who took pleasure in cooking well and keeping a comfortable home. But at 6 p.m. Friday, she would surrender herself to Jacob's ropes and blindfolds, to impossible positions and the promise of punishment. It was the only relief she'd ever found. Bella made it to the end of the long driveway before she whispered the words she'd written. "The end." Then, with the tears finally streaming down her cheeks, she hit the gas the way Edward used to do and sped her way toward Seattle. A/N: Thanks for reading! Reviews are a gift, and I'm a greedy girl. Please consider sharing your thoughts about the story. Constructive criticism is as welcome as praise. This story was inspired by photo prompt #5 for the Beyond the Pale Contest. Thanks, ladies, for providing the prompt that inspired this story, and the deadline that made me write instead of just thinking about it. Thanks to the judges, especially dihenydd, for awarding Release the Cherry Popper Award and the Best Use of Photo Prompt Award. Your vote of confidence means the world to me. Readers, your kind reviews have reinforced my decision to continue this story. Chapter 2 is with my lovely beta, and will be posted soon.