sharpest tool in the tool shed—if you caught my gist. He made up for his lack of maturity and habit of making stupid decisions with his unwavering loyalty towards the people he most cared for. He didn't have a serious bone in his body and continued to act like a five-year-old on a daily basis. Yet, despite all his persistently irritating traits that tended to drive me up the wall, I couldn't imagine life without him. As much as I would never admit it to his face, I did happen to enjoy his company from time to time. He was a very good friend and like Brady, he'd been a large part of my life for a very long time. However, if I ever had to choose between the two of them, there was no competition. And since the two of them seemed to go hand-in-hand ninety-five percent of the time, when I was finally able to get Brady all to myself, I was no mood for whatever ridiculous antics Collin had hidden up his sleeve. Now , was Brady-time. Though, I was sure that if I knew Collin as well as I thought I did, this was precisely why he'd come into the living room at this exact moment. It was either he owed Brady some sort of payback, or my father had sent him in here to "supervise", in order to keep him from making a mess in the kitchen. Either way, it wasn't as if he could ever "lose" Brady's whereabouts when we were all in the same house—he had supernatural senses, after all. Collin could not lie to save his life. Despite the fact that I wanted to scream and shout at Collin for interrupting, I leapt up from the couch to give him the hug I knew he deserved. I was glad he was safe, considering he'd been out there too, fighting the danger. What kind of friend would I be if I didn't show that? Besides, the smile that graced his face in response to my action was enough to stunt my irritation for the time being. He wrapped me up in a tight hug, squeezing me playfully, before he dropped a kiss on the top of my head. "Hey, you," he greeted softly. "What do you want Collin?" Brady asked unhappily, once his best friend had released me. Collin shrugged innocently. A taunting grin appeared on his face he looked at Brady. "Just wondering what you guys were up to." Brady stood up next to me, towering over me as he pulled me back against his chest, wrapping his arms around the top of my shoulders. At first, I was surprised, but one look at the growing grin on Collin's face told me that this was Brady's way to hide his expression from me. While I didn't appreciate it, the fact that I got to stay in close proximity to him sort of made up for it for the time being. "Don't—" "So, Bray, when do I get my Lilly-cuddle time?" I was immediately confused my Collin's suggestive tone, but before I could turn to look at Brady, hoping he'd be able to shed some light on the subject, he had carefully shoved me towards the couch. I caught myself on the arm, as I watched his large frame begin to waver, his body vibrating from head to toe. His teeth were clenched and his brown eyes had begun shifting from brown to almost black, a telltale sign that he was on the losing side of the battle to his anger. I didn't understand what had just occurred between the two of them, but whatever Collin had been implying had obviously struck at nerve with Brady. I didn't like it, but before I could call interference, the two of them were out of the room and tearing towards the kitchen. I hurried towards the doorway, trying to follow after them as they barreled past everyone and hurried out the back door. My father reached out to grasp my shoulder, keeping me from going after them. Even after the door had slammed shut, I could still hear them yelling. You didn't need heightened senses to hear the words Brady called Collin and the taunting words that the latter said back. It wasn't long before the words were replaced by growls and the other familiar sounds that accompanied the boys when they phased into their wolf forms. It only took a few moments before everyone in the kitchen continued to go on as if nothing had happened. It wasn't as if this didn't happen on a regular basis around here, but it wasn't something that normally happened between Brady and Collin and that was what worried me. "Sit," Dad ordered me. I hesitated a moment, before a chair was pulled out for me and I found myself sitting stiffly on the edge of the seat. My eyes didn't leave the screen door, where I wished I could see what was happening. I could feel the panic turning in my stomach. I'd just gotten them all back. "Lilly looks like she's gonna hurl." Dad smoothed my hair. "They're going to be—" Mom let out a sudden gasp. "Boys!" She hurried towards the back door. "Would you get away from the flowerbeds?" She spun back around to glare at my father. "Sam!" Grumbling under his breath about rotten werewolves and their rotten tempers, my father made his way towards the backyard. Despite the fact that the growls were increasing in volume and my mother was threatening to make them replace ever single flower they ripped up, Dad took his time to put on his running shoes and make his way down the porch steps. Because, despite how concerned I was, this was nothing unusual when you lived with a bunch of shapeshifters. "At least they didn't wreck the wall this time," Dad grumbled on his way out. I rolled my eyes. Welcome to my life. Please review!