kiss his cheek as I wash my plate and then sit down in the living room. Alice comes down and sits next to me with a small smile which I return. I was just watching Dance Moms where Abby and Holly have a bf and I was laughing when I hear the doorbell ring. I was about to get it when Emmett comes down. I sit back down on the couch and continue watching TV. Emmett comes back and I see him looking at an envelope. He throws it to me and I look at the address. It's from Rebecca and I open it to see a bunch of bills and stuff. "Why did you get an envelope full of bills?" I see a piece of paper and I open it to find a note from Rebecca. It said there's fifty thousand dollars in here and that they loved the drawing. "It's from my manager, Rebecca." He looks at me as if for an explanation. "Why do you need a manager?" "Well, she's not a manager really, more of an agent, and I'm an artist." He looks shocked and I don't know if I should be offended or not. "I didn't know you're an artist." I nod and then look out the window. Still hasn't freaking snowed in Alaska and its Alaska! "Not a lot of people do because I draw under an alias, which is Johanna Neilson." He nods and then runs upstairs to do something stupid. Seth comes in to the living room and sits down next to me with a sigh. I kiss his cheek and then drag him upstairs. I push him on to the couch and then pick out a movie to watch. I pick out the movie and then pop it in before sitting down with Seth. We decide to have a movie marathon and end up watching The Hunger Games, The Starving Games, Legendary, Grown Ups, Grown Ups 2, and The Fault in Our Stars, all the Fast and Furious movies, and every season of Slugterra. It's about ten o'clock when we finish the last season of Slugterra and I'm tired. I undress and then slide in to the bed with Seth next to me and I smile as I feel his arms around my waist. Day 15 I wake up and I don't feel Seth's arms around me like they usually are. I sit up and look around before grabbing some clothes and taking a quick shower. When I get out I notice a note on the mirror in Seth's handwriting. I slip on jeans, a tank, and then some heels before reading the note he left me. Dylan, go to the place of our first meeting. I smile before teleporting to the Cullen's old house. I see a note card on the couch we sat at when we first talked. Dylan, head to the place we first kissed. I teleport to the grotto and I walk through the waterfall to see another note tacked to the wall. Dylan, head to the place where you met the pack. I teleport to the pack house and knock on the door and Emily opens it. She smiles at me and hands me the note with a small smile on her face. I thank her before reading the note. Dylan, head to where you met my family. He was really making this fun for me you know. I run to his mom's house and knock on the door before his mom answers. She hands me the note with a nod and a smile. Dylan, head to the battlefield. I head to the battlefield and I see a note tacked to a tree with a smiley face on it. Dylan, head home and change in to something nice. I run home and then take another shower before putting on a long strapless red dress. I see a note and I take it out and read through it I smile as I finish. Dylan, please join me in the birthday gazebo. I walk to the birthday gazebo to see Seth standing there in a shiny black tux surrounded by rose petals. I gasp and then smile at him before standing in front of him. He grabs both my hands and then turns on some music. He twirls me around and I smile as we dance to the music. I smile and then he kisses me gently. He pulls me in to his arms and that's when I notice the white all around us. It's snowing! He laughs before twirling me again and when I land in his arms I press my lips to his. "I love you Seth." "I love you too Dylan." Epilogue Seth and Dylan end up married February 14, 2016. They had one boy named Kyle. They lived in Dylan's dream house and actually got two puppies named Ruby and Sapphire. They end up moving closer to the pack so Seth can be Alpha. Dylan goes on to sell two hundred pieces of artwork before she turns two hundred-fifty. She turns Seth during their honeymoon and they're currently living happily ever after. Sam and Emily get married and have a baby girl named Raleigh. Once Sam stopped being Alpha they move close to where Seth and Dylan are. Kyle ends up being a very talented guitar player and gets a scholarship to Julliard. He ended up in a relationship with Alison and they were actually friends before they started dating. He ends up making a lot of money playing guitar for different bands. Alison ended up being a very talented pianist. She and Kyle went out and were best friends before going out. She made millions and now currently resides with her husband and child in Los Angeles, California. Alison and Kyle end up getting married two years after they began dating. They had a baby boy named Jamie. They live in a wonderful penthouse near the ocean and adopted a puppy named Ren.