if I fed off of her willingness. Unsurprisingly, Angela left not long after she first came. I opened Angela's messages and a smile instantly bloomed across my face. Hey! Thinking of you. Here's a pic of me, Ben and Will at the needle! It's so high, you have to come back and visit us sometime. Love ya! The next few messages were of her, Ben and Will. They were beautiful pictures and showed how truly happy Angela was. I wanted to call her, hear her voice since I haven't seen her in months, but decided against it and instead sent a text of my own. I'm thinking of you too. We just arrived in Philly. I really do hope I come visit you three again someday. Love you too. I took my own picture of me smiling. When I went to view it, I cringed at my appearance. There were dark circles under my eyes and my hair was dull and limp by my cheeks. The bones in my face stood out with an uncomfortable prominence and I immediately deleted the awful photo. The message would suffice. My door opened suddenly and I looked up at Renee. She had an expectant look on her face and I looked at the clock instinctively. It was noon. Fuck. I stood and headed outside of my room with Renee. We had no food in the house, so I guess we'd have to go out and eat. "There's a lot of places around here," Renee said. "I'm sort of in the mood for Panera Bread. Good?" "Sure," I shrugged. She glanced at me curtly as we walked outside the house. "I'm sure you'll like this – there's one that's walking distance, right around the corner." It took about fifteen minutes to walk to, and it was a very stiff walk. I knew Renee hated this as much as I did, but I also knew she loved me in some weird, twisted, Renee fashion. She wanted to make sure I was healthy and happy, and while she could sometimes be the vilest person I've ever had to encounter, I knew that vileness somehow transferred to being all for my wellbeing. The restaurant wasn't packed, thankfully. That meant we could easily be in and out, as long as I ate whatever Renee pushed my way. I wanted something small, so I just opted for a simple, Caesar half salad and Renee got a chicken panini. "So," Renee started when we sat down. "I'm sorry I yelled at you earlier. I was just agitated, with work and…" "Me," I said flatly. "I know. I'm sorry." "Really, it's my fault. I let it get so out of control. If you'd been living with your father in Forks, perhaps he would have noticed sooner." She waved this thought off with a few flicks of her hands. "But that's in the past. We have to think about your future." She pulled out her phone and showed me a website of a care facility. "This is an intensive outpatient program, and it's a really good one with spectacular reviews. You go there three times a week, on evenings. There's group-based therapy offered that helps with coping and a nutritionist even sits down with you during a meal to help you deal with your emotions." She reached over to grab my hands and I stared at her stupidly. "I want you to feel better, Bella. As soon as you get this issue under control, you can come work for me and actually start building up your life." I frowned. "Mom, I don't want to work in business." Her eyebrows rose. "No? Well, what else can you do, Bella, with only a high school diploma? You don't have any job experience and it doesn't seem like you're going to college in the foreseeable future. You know how hard it is to get a decent job with no college degree." I let go of her hands and wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans. This is when I become neurotic and irritable – when she tries to take over my life like this. I opened my mouth to protest, to say anything that would answer her in a suitable way, but nothing came out. Renee gave me a wry smile. "Look. This is a spectacular chance for you to become someone. You're a Higginbottom and Higginbottom's never fall to the bottom , only rise to the top." She chuckled at her joke, but I couldn't smile. I just looked down at my hands and waited patiently for our food. A few moments later, her name was called and mom went to retrieve our trays. She began to eat her sandwich and I couldn't help but stare as she gnawed on the three-hundred-calorie, carb-filled, sliced ciabatta, loaded with even more calories and fat slathered between them. She had to be eating almost eight hundred calories in that meal. "You know," mom said, wiping her mouth, and my eyes flickered to hers. "I used to want to be as skinny as all the models out there. But then I realized starving myself only made me hungry and angry." It makes me perfect . It keeps me in control . When I didn't respond, mom grabbed my fork and began spearing some lettuce and meat on the utensil. She handed it to me and I gingerly lifted the food to my mouth and let my lips clamp over it. I had to swallow a few times as I did this, and when I finally put the fork down, I begrudgingly began to chew. Renee and I didn't talk anymore while we ate. … That's chapter one... tell me if you liked it or not in the reviews, please! I love when people follow and favorite, but I also really, really love reviews :) I've already written several chapters for this story, so just like BBM, I'm going to try and get them out every week or so.