with the window cracked ever so slightly, trying to track the scent of these vampires. Once night falls, I park the car and venture out onto the streets, intent on finding one of these other vampires, so that I may learn of their ways. I don't have to wait long. "Hey there handsome," a female greets from behind me. "What brings you to our sleepy little town," she asks. I can feel the waves of lust pouring off of her, making it actually rather hard for me to think of anything else except throwing her down in this alleyway and having my wicked way with her. I've been celibate since 1947, cut me a break, I'm only a male. "Curiosity," I answer her as I turn to look her in the eye. Her eyes are red. She must not be part of this coven, but just passing through as I am. There's no way a coven of human hunters could live in this town for more than 1 day and not call attention to themselves and bring the Volturi down upon them. She has long black hair in braids, pulled back with a piece of leather on the nape of her neck. "My name's Janeisha," she says, extending her hand in greeting. "Who might you be?" "The name's Jasper, ma'am," I reply taking her hand in mine and raising it to my lips for a chaste kiss against her smooth marble flesh. Her scent isn't altogether unappealing, but she holds no draw for me other than the lust that she's radiating for me. "Such a gentleman!" she marvels. "Jasper, what a lovely name." She intertwines her fingers with mine. I'm too much of a gentleman to remove my hand from hers, but this is far too intimate for me. "Would you like to come with me for a bite?" she asks, seeing my black eyes, knowing it's been a while since I've had any nourishment. At this moment I feel my will power crumble. She's thirsty, very thirsty. As am I. She wants me more than anything, and I follow her like the weakling I am. So much for resisting. Janeisha leads me to a house where there are 6 other vampires waiting on the porch. Inside I can tell there is one human pacing about the house, as if there is no danger on the other side of the door. "Jasper, meet my sister, Aneisha and her mate Travis." I look over to see Janeisha's double standing next to a rather gangly male. Another set of twins, excellent. As if I need another reminder of what I left behind in Forks. I reach across the space and clasp their hands in greeting. While all of these vampires have red eyes, they don't seem nearly as savage as so many others I've met. Janeisha introduces me to the rest of the group, but I pay them little mind. I can tell they're just along for the ride. "Jasper, I'm sure you're curious as to how so many of us can be in this tiny town without drawing attention to ourselves," Travis states. I've discerned that he is the leader of this unorthodox coven. "The question crossed my mind," I admit. "Allow me to introduce you to our Silverblood," he says as he strolls up to the door of this house and knocks. A young woman opens the door and motions for us all to go inside. She is not afraid; even humans who don't know what we are should be instinctively terrified. Especially when these vampires have done nothing to mask what they are, not even colored contacts. And what in the world is a Silverblood? As we walk in the door I see the young woman standing near a reclining leather chair. It looks as though she is about to sit in it when her gaze locks on me. I take in her scent, which is simply divine, yet somehow familiar. She smells of sweet cream, lilac and fresh cornbread. It reminds me of home in Texas. She gasps loudly staring at me as if she's seen a ghost. I'm a new face, she must not have been expecting this coven to bring a stranger along with them. I detect a hint of recognition coming from her, though I don't recall ever laying eyes on her before this moment. "Jasper," she whispers before she faints and slumps into the chair, unconscious. Opal PoV Thursday night again, has a week really gone by already? I know time passes quickly for an immortal, but it literally feels like they were just here yesterday. I can hear them congregating outside, it sounds like Janeisha got rid of the man she had last week and already has come across a new one. I swear that woman goes through men faster than I go through a gallon of milk. Won't be long now until this one is destroyed like the rest. She has no intention of ever mating. For all I know she's already found her mate, long ago, and now knows she can never truly love again. Aneisha tried to tell me once, but I didn't care enough to pay close attention to her words. Travis enters the room once I open the door, the rest of them filing in behind him, as per usual. I head over to my recliner getting ready to take my seat, when a distinctly familiar scent hits my nose. Bonfires, sweet tea and sunshine. I whip around to find the source when my eyes fall upon a face I haven't seen in over 150 years. Same head of golden locks, even more lustrous now that the venom has altered them. A porcelain face, that still holds all the masculinity and beauty it held so long ago. And a pair of golden eyes. Before I can ponder what that means, my knees buckle and I feel my consciousness slip away. "Jasper," I whisper as the blackness takes over.