Spiked Blue Kelp for the last ten years, but he says he needs to "spice things up". The Gray Flattery is actually interesting. You see -" Seth coughs and suddenly I realize that I had misplaced his look of confusion. Not confusion, rather boredom. He smiles. I apologize, again. "Why don't I help you," he offers kindly, the smile never leaving his face. "Was there something you came here for?" "Yes," I say, taking a deep breath. "I need some ponchos." Seth's helpful, but more than that- I like him. His laugh bubbles up easily and his smile is the brightest thing I've seen in La Push yet. Seth and my dad would get along, both unflappable cheerful spirits. At the checkout counter, Seth bags the ponchos, folding them neatly into place. I lean my elbows on the counter and twirl the jewelry holder, absentmindedly looking through the pendants. Jewelry has never really interested me, I lean my elbows on the counter and twirl the jewelry holder, absentmindedly looking through the pendants. Jewelry has never really interested me. "My grandfather makes those," Seth says, noting my interest. "Carves each one by hand." I examine them closer, each one is unique; expertly whittled by skilled hands. "He's very good. He must have a lot of experience," I reply. The smooth lines and curves all gracefully pull out one figure from the wood; wolves. On every single one, there are wolves. They howl, they hunt, they sit, but in each one, they are there. "Seth," I pull a pendant from the rack, "why do these all have wolves on them?" I glance up at him curiously. There are two wolves on it, one standing tall, and the other ducked underneath his neck. His face lights up, a spark twinkling in his eyes. "Haven't you heard?" He smirks, "You've been in La Push for two weeks and no ones told you?" I stand up, "What?" A car door slammed outside and Seth peeks backed over his shoulder, and then leaned in closer. I follow his stare, looking at the pendant in my hand. He speaks lowly, "We are small, but mighty - The La Push Tribe. As long as our people have been here, there have been those who want the land, the rivers, the ocean. At first, we were forced from it, pushed to the sea, away from our homes. We were forced from the land that owned us more than we knew. Our hearts and our lives were waiting, waiting to return. Our spirits never wavered, they grew stronger, and in more than the usual way." I interrupted, "What do you mean "more than the usual way?" He twirled the jewelry stand, pulling a particular pendant off. He admired it. Tracing his finger along the lines of wood. He held it up to me. "Some say it's just a legend, folklore that elders pass down to their children. Others, call it something else." I examined the pendant, it was of a man and a wolf. They looked like they were fighting, in a battle against each other. "Others say it was magic that won back our lands. Magic that made our home, home again." "They used magical wolves?" I looked at him skeptically, "What are you saying, Seth?" "No, not magical wolves. At least, the wolves aren't magical. Really, not even magic at all. More like a…a curse." Despite my suspicions, I leaned in closer. "A curse? What are you saying?" "Flip over the coin, Natalie. Tell me what you -" Ding. A gust of wind whipped through the door filling the store with the smell of seasalt and pine. A tall, athletic woman was standing at the doorway, staring down. Her long, dark brown hair covered her face. I followed her gaze. "Seth, what is this mess?" She cried, looking up at him accusingly. "There is mud all over," she pointed towards the floor and the wall, "and it's dry! What have you been doing?" She was obviously his sister. The same tanned skin, freckled nose, and tall, lean figure. Their eyes were the same deep, almond brown, but where's Seth's had a lightness, her's were all dark, like a pit. Worried, I glanced at Seth. Seth pushed the bag over the counter shoving it into my hands. "Thanks," I mumbled, turning towards the door, but Seth held onto my hand. He was pushing something into my palm, discreetly. I don't know why, but I clutched onto it. Tucking it into my fist and holding on tight. "Leah, isn't it your shift now? Aren't you running late?" "If you think I am cleaning this mess up, you're wrong. Your mess, on your shift. You clean." As Leah stomped away, she noticed me. Or, more importantly, she noticed my boots. The boots with the dried mud residue covering me with guilt. Her eyes slitted dangerously, but she said nothing. "You're not leaving until it's spotless, Seth." I apologized, once more, and slipped through the doors. When I walked into the house I threw the ponchos on the table. Dad was sat there, taking the last bites of his sandwich. "Thanks, Natty," he said, and then upon further examination, "Good gravy, Natty. Red? Red? " I barely heard him as I rushed to my room, too preoccupied for his disgruntled complaints. I locked the door behind me and tore off my rain jacket. The light on my desk wasn't bright, but I clicked it on anyway. I looked at the coin still clenched in my hand. Seth's words had been playing in my head since I heard them, "Flip the coin, Natalie." I wasn't buying into his "ghost legend", absolutely not. That doesn't mean I couldn't be interested. A man and a wolf fighting. The same as before. I flipped it over, holding back a gasp. The whittle carving was of a man changing, turning - transforming. "The wolves aren't magical," Seth had said, but he had never finished, "the people are."