honest I felt relieved to be back where I'd be most familiar with starting in the morning. She stopped the cart, and smirked, eying a silver Volvo in the parking lot, then her gaze flicked to the baseball diamond where a male form stood, bat at the ready. "Of course, now Edward is here." I followed her gaze, and watched as he swung, connecting with the ball sending flying to the outfield. I raised my eyebrows, impressed by the hit, as my gaze moved back to him from following the ball as best I could, another crack rang out, and the wooden bat collided with a second ball. "Jesus!" Alice smirked. "He's one of the best players on the team." "What team?" I asked, genuinely curious. Charlie liked baseball, and while I was definitely not a sports person, by any means, I figured I could at least tell my dad when there was going to be a game, especially since he knew the Cullens. "Our team. The Cullen Club Lions." She grinned at me. "My family, some of the club members, and employees play." She reached down, and switched off the cart, leaving it parked next to the club house. "Actually on Saturday there's a game against the Quileutes." I frowned slightly. I knew that sounded familiar, but I couldn't place it off the top of my head. Alice, thankfully, took pity on my confused look, and clarified. "The Quileute tribe from La Push?" Realization dawned on me, DUH! "My dad is really good friends with Billy Black and Harry Clearwater." She grinned. "That's them. Harry used to play, but he and Billy coach now." "Do you play?" She nodded. "I pitch." She paused for a moment, and frowned. "Maybe I can talk dad into letting you help out with the concession stand so you can see the game?" I shrugged, not really caring one way or another, but she seemed so excited for me to watch the game I just couldn't say no to her. "Ok, if Mr Cullen will let me help out." She grinned, and squealed a bit with her happiness. "Great! I know he'll let you, I'll just tell him you really want to watch the game since your dad knows the tribe." I laughed shortly, not wanting her to lie to him, since he was my boss and all, but she seemed dead set on me being down there. "Okay, that sounds great. Maybe I'll mention it to Dad, and he'll be here." Alice gifted me with a wide grin. "Fantastic!" She just about lept from the driver's seat of the golf cart, and flitted to my side. "So we'll see you tomorrow Bella. Don't forget,to wear black dress pants, it's Friday." I smiled as I got out of the cart, and made my way to my vehicle and nodded. "Thanks, Alice." I waved as I got into my truck and shut the door. As I started the clunker up, a quick movement caught my attention, I looked up in time to see Alice racing to a cart that was just as 'tricked out' as hers was. This one was red, and looked like a jeep all terrain SUV. It came to a stop as the blonde male driving it jumped out in just enough time to catch her as she flung herself at him. I saw a wide grin settle on his lips, and the adoration he held for her was evident. Her arms wound around his neck tightly, and even from the distance I was from them, I could see him struggling to breathe. I couldn't help the smile that formed on my lips as I shamelessly watched them. A flash of red caught my eye as the sun peeked out from behind a thin layer of clouds that were perpetually lingering over the northwestern part of Washington. Alice's brother, Edward, had moved from the baseball diamond, and was greeting Jasper and Alice as they moved toward the club house then. I gasped slightly, my jaw dropping probably to my lap as I took in his features. Perfectly angular, high cheek bones, perfectly straight nose, full lips, a strong jaw line, he was the perfect specimen of male . I couldn't help the stares I gave them as they made their way back, but when Alice waved over to me, and he looked in my direction, I swear my heart stopped. The most beautiful clear green eyes I had ever seen in my life gazed at me. A crooked smile spread on those lips, stopping my heart yet again. An amused expression flooded into those eyes and I could see his body jerk with what I could only conclude to be a chuckle, and he shook his head as he draped the equipment bag over his shoulder and moved past his sister. Holy mother of God, the man was beautiful. I wondered how often he played at the club, and how often I was going to have to be in any kind of close proximity to him. If it was more often than not... I wasn't sure how I was going to survive it. I shook my head trying to clear it as I pulled the gear shift into first and pulled the truck around heading for the road. I wasn't sure when it clicked on my way back to my apartment, but at some point during that drive, I made the silent vow to myself that I would find out more about Edward Cullen, if only for the sake of my own sanity to survive his striking presence, or at least that's what I kept telling myself. Even though I only believed it with a tiny portion of my being. A/N Thank you so much for reading the first chapter, please review. And thanks to my awesome beta summerleigh, I swear you saved me from too many DOY moments in this chapter, that's what I get for writing too late at night.