notion, but now that Edward apparently hated my existence, I was dreading every step that brought me closer to him. Eventually, I sat down, keeping to the far side of the table. As far from Edward as I could get. It seemed he had a similar notion and kept to the edge of his side as well. I was thankful that the day was dedicated to a lecture and we wouldn't have to interact with each other for any reason. "Bella, I understand you were in advanced program in Phoenix, so you may have already gone over this. Just let me know and I'll give you some more challenging work, if you need." I nodded at Mr. Varner, having every intention of doing no-such-thing. Even the most advanced biology work wouldn't challenge me, so it wouldn't make any difference to me. I'd just make straight As and then move on with my life. As soon as the bell rang, Edward was out the door and down the hallway. Faster than any human had a right to be. Did he have any clue how obvious he was being? Even I knew how to hide myself better than that. I glanced at my schedule again, already knowing my next class was Gym, but hoping that the letters on the page would magically rearrange and I'd have any class but. My awesome luck kept on when I got to the gym and saw Alice and Emmett Cullen were in my class. At least Spanish, English, and History were Cullen/Hale free. I'd have to revel in those classes and enjoy the relief from their presence. Though Emmett unnerved me least of all of them, which seemed odd considering how ginormous he was. After roll call, we were divided into groups to play volleyball. I had to decide if I was going to play the role of super athletic student who was amazing at every sport or super clumsy girl that trips over her own two feet. I couldn't play somewhere in the middle, it was too obvious that I was faking it, I had learned before. As my luck would have it, Emmett was on the same team as me. He grinned at me as if we shared some secret and then winked. What the hell was that about? I gave him a confused expression, but he just guffawed at me in response. Alice was on the opposite team, also smiling conspiratorially. It was as if they both knew something that I didn't and were waiting for me to figure it out. I opted for the super athletic role, as Emmett and Alice were both rather adept at volleyball. Even though she couldn't have been taller than five feet, Alice could jump with the best of us and her serve was unparalleled. On my way out of the gym, Mike Newton stopped me. "Hey Bella, um, if you ever wanna hang out. You know, after school or whatever. That'd be cool." "Thanks," I replied, giving him a small grin. "I have to cook dinner for my Dad most nights, but I'm sure there'll be times when we can hang." I didn't want to get his hopes too high, but I could see that I'd done just that. I knew Jessica had her eyes on him, and I didn't want to get in the way of that, and I already had made an enemy of her friend Lauren. It wouldn't take much for them to completely ostracize me. Not that I cared about popularity, but it was easier to be part of the in-crowd than be the outcast. That much I knew. And not that Charlie wouldn't love for me to have a social life, but he knew as well as I did how dangerous it was for me to be more than casual acquaintances with most people. After I cleaned up from Gym, I made my way to the office. Edward Cullen was in there, of course, and it sounded like he was trying to get out of Biology. Did I stink or something? Jeez, even Rosalie didn't seem to hate me that much, and Emmett and Alice seemed to actually like me. So what the hell was his problem? Turned out he was about as lucky as I was and ended up having to stay in Biology. He thanked Mrs. Cope for her help and dashed out of the room, but not before shooting me another icy glare. Calm your tits, dude , I thought. I handed Mrs. Cope my completed slip and made my way to my truck. Eric, Jessica, Mike, Tyler, Angela and Ben were all standing around it. "I think that if your car had a social security number, it'd be 'one,'" Mike joked. "Don't bash Betsy," I retorted, deciding right then and there that my truck had a name. I said goodbye to everyone, hopped in Betsy and headed out of the lot. But not before seeing the Cullens walk to their vehicle. It shouldn't have surprised me that they owned the shiny silver Volvo I'd seen that morning. What really surprised me was that Edward wasn't with them, nor anywhere else in the lot. Curious, that. I hope you enjoyed my re-entry into the Fan-Fic world! I haven't decided if I'm going to re-post my old stories on here or not. My Fifty Shades of Grey fics are over on wordpress. You can find me there at wrenegadewriter dot wordpress dot com. I hope to be adding my Twilight Fics there, soon. Once I have the time to do so. Edward's PoV of their first encounter will be up next! For the most part the alternating PoVs won't be a retelling of the same chapter, but there will be some overlap here and there. I think it's important to get Edward's initial reactions to the new girl. They certainly won't be the same as they were in Midnight Sun. See you soon! I'll try for weekly updates. :)