he thought I would take him seriously. I knew that once I found him, I'd have Emmett pound him into the ground for me. He'd have a lot of groveling to do before I considered taking him back. Finally my body hit the bottom of the hill, or rather the bottom of the ravine I tumbled into. Leave it to me to find the most dangerous area to trip and fall. I was sure that I was cut up all over. I got a tiny whiff of the blood and immediately starting breathing through my mouth to hold off the nausea. Assessing my battered body, I deduced that I had cracked or broken some ribs, sprained an ankle, and broken an arm and a leg. Great, that means a body cast. Oddly enough, I couldn't feel any pain though. I lay there, for what seemed like hours, just in silence. The only sounds were my racing heart and my breaths. "Oh this is just too easy," I heard a ringing soprano voice call out. Her voice was familiar, but I couldn't quite place it. "Here, I thought you were something special to him, and yet he threw you away like yesterday's gossip. Well, still, I'll get my vengeance on him and you." A flash of red hair flew before my eyes and I knew who had found me. Victoria, I realized. I should have known she'd be upset about the Cullens killing James. I had no idea she'd come for me though. I was practically paralyzed with all my broken bones, and running away would have been futile anyway. So I just laid there and stared into the darkness where her voice came from. In the next instance, there she was, hovering inches from my face, her fiery hair falling into my eyes. And then I was in her arms, being carried. She wasn't as careful with me as Edward always was, branches cutting into my face, and the ride was a lot bumpier than I was used to. The pain of my injuries began to make itself known as I was jostled in her arms. I kept my mouth shut, screaming internally at the excruciating pain that each stride caused. My ribs rattled against each other, my leg throbbed, and I could feel the blood from my cuts seeping through my clothes. How she was able to resist me, I wasn't sure. When I chanced a look at her, I noticed she wasn't breathing. She must have wanted to carry me somewhere far away, before she ate me. The thought should have terrified me; I should have been begging for my life. But I couldn't find the strength, or the drive to do so. After what could have been days, she threw me to the ground. I cried out in pain, unintentionally. As my breathing settled, and the pain became bearable, I opened my eyes to look around. Victoria was nowhere in site, but I knew better than to think she was far away. Probably collecting torture devices to use on me before she drained me of blood and left me for the vultures. The sun above was hot on my skin, so I knew we weren't anywhere near Forks. Looking around me, the vegetation seemed tropical. I was in a clearing that was surrounded by a dense forest. I saw a shadow move across the ground, and looking up, I saw a tropical parrot fly over head, its wings a rainbow of colors. In any other moment, I might be excited to be in what I assumed was South America, but I didn't have it in me to feel anything but agony and defeat. All too soon, Victoria returned. Empty handed, I noticed. "I had plans to draw this out, Bella. I wanted to take my time killing you, but as it turns out, you did a pretty good job of torturing yourself when you tripped over that root. And I'm sure all the rocky terrain of our trek here was nice and painful for you." Oh great, she'd seen that. Of course my last act on this earth would be one of utter clumsiness. "And all the fresh cuts, Bella, I just can't help myself." Her mouth was on me, then, licking away at the cuts on my forehead and then along my arms. I noticed that as she licked them, they healed, leaving behind a tiny silver scar. Not unlike the one on my hand from her so-called mate. Venom heals. Huh , I thought. A little late for me to have any real use for that knowledge. "Here's what's going to happen, Bella," Victoria began as she finished licking my wounds, which was really weird by the way. "I'm going to drain every drop of your blood until you're completely dry. Then I'm going to throw you in that pit over there," she indicated, pointing with her finger. I looked and saw what probably used to be an old well, but time and the elements had eroded it away into just a deep hole. "And set you on fire," she finished, pointing to the cans of gasoline and kerosene that sat nearby. "Your precious Edward burned my mate to ashes, so I'm going to do the same to his." With that, her mouth was at my wrist, just over where James had bitten me, she sniffed the flesh, rubbed the scar against her cheek in an oddly affectionate manner and then bit in. The pain of my broken bones was gone; in its place was fire. All consuming fire as she drank my life's essence. I watched as her eyes went from a dark burgundy to a vivid crimson with each pull she swallowed. And I swear, before everything went black, She vanished. Was yanked away by something else. My hand dropped to my side, my head lolled, and the next thing I knew was nothing at all. What do you think happened to Victoria?