between her mother and grandmother must have taken it's toll on the older woman. She could even see it in her own mothers eyes whenever her grandmother was brought up or she reminisced. Silently, Theodora moved to sit poised beside Amelia on her mothers bed, carefully situating her dress. The silence didn't bother either, both drained enough from the loss of a loved one. At that moment, Amelia was vaguely aware of how messy and disheveled she felt beside her schooled expression and appearance. Hesitantly, Amelia looked at her grandmother from the corner of her eye before speaking softly. "What 'appened between you an' mum?" After a second and a deep sigh that spoke volumes, Theodora stared out the window across the room at nothing in particular before considering her words. "What you need to know, Amelia, is that I have always loved your mother and wished only the best for her. Always wanting to keep her safe, even if...it meant hurting her. At least, that's what I believed. We...fought over her choices, which ended...not so pleasantly. And that led to distance. We were both so angry and stubborn, but never have I stopped loving your mother." She sighed, as she gently brushed away a few long strands of hair from the girls face. "What vas she like then? When she vas younger?" Grey-blue eyes and lilac looked into each other for what felt like an eternity, to see Guinevere in both. "Your mother...was will-full and stubborn as all Hartwood women. And she loved. Oh, how she loved. Her heart was her strongest trait. Kind and loving. She saw the good in people, and I can see that look in your eyes, young Amelia-Rose. You have your fathers eyes, but there is a presence that speaks loudly of your mother. You are a brilliant mix of both your mother and father." "Ez that a good thing..? Mum said before that you didn't approve of pappa..." Amelia hesitated, not sure if it was appropriate to bring up such sensitive topics with a woman she barely knew. Theodora smiled sadly at that. "No. I honestly did not approve. Not because of your father, no, he was a good man and that is a rare thing for me to say of a Mortem. It's just...his family in which I did not deem...good for your mother to marry into. You see, the Mortem family and the Hartwood never saw eye to eye...you could almost consider our families...enemies of sorts. A rivalry. We never got along." "Like the story of Romeo and Juliet? Their families 'ated each other..." Only they didn't die young like they did, Amelia thought with a cringe. "That...actually could fit..." Theodora let out a dry laugh. "As for you first question, yes. You are a perfect mix of you parents, and that is a very good thing. They were both amazing and good people. Never let anyone else convince you otherwise." The girl nodded, feeling slightly better now. Theodora smiled softly as she took in her young granddaughter, silently promising her daughter that she would do her best to raise her the way Guinevere wanted. She would honor that and protect the girl. "Your mother loved you with all her heart, Amelia. Remember that. She will always be with you in spirit and she would most certainly not wish for you to waste away in misery. Return to that little free-spirited girl that you mother spoke so proudly of and enjoy life as you always have." her grandmother spoke firmly as she then gently held her face between her larger hands. "Remember: You are your mothers daughter." Amelia listened intently, her grandmothers words awakening her mind. She was right. There is no way she could allow herself to fall into a depression, she needed to live life now for both herself and her mother. To be that life force that could help others just like her mother. "Now," Theodora patted the girls knee and straightened with a kind smile. "I know that this...move will be hard for you, but think of this as an adventure in discovering new places and the beauty all around you. You have been in one place for far too long, it's time you see the world and it's wonders. Now let's eat and rest before we leave." Standing, Amelia followed her grandmother towards the door. Once her grandmother was gone, she turned once more to her mothers room sadly before shutting it. A/N: For a while I thought to just, you know, drop writing, but I've come to realize it helps me to be more creative. The story here is going to pretty much start around a young Bella and Amelia, thus establishing their bond and connecting their stories into the series. This is where it all starts up until the first book. The idea has been bouncing around my head for a while, and still sticking. I had an itch to get rid of, so here it is. Bits of it can and will remind you of other shows and books, by the way. Such as Harry Potter, Supernatural, Charmed, Secret Circle, Mortal Instruments, and I think some originality, or at least referenced from witch researches. On a side note, I'm going roughly on limited knowledge. For example, Ireland and France. I'm not from either place, but I wanted her to have a different kind of background than the rest of the Cullens, yet similar in a way to like Carlisle. It gives her depth and more to work with as well. I love the idea anyways. And it gives me something to learn as I go. I'm attempting to give some detail to her accent, chopping up some words and such to make it appear as though she has an accent, but at the same time adding in her speaking French so that I'm not making it hard to read. I think a well balanced mixture. Anyways, please enjoy! Leave comments. Fav and Follow.