of the last people left in the lunch room. We would have to hurry to make it to the gym on time. "Whose idea was it to put us in gym before choir? It seems so silly," Arbie says to Rosalie and Alice who will also be taking gym and choir with us. "Beats me. Clearly the admissions people are clueless or cruel. One of the two," Rosalie replies. We part ways at the locker room. I have to work hard not to search for her through my sisters' thoughts or the other students'. I don't need to see anything she's not yet willing to show me. We are relieved to learn that we do not have to dress for gym for the first four weeks of school as we will be doing the dance lessons first. Everyone does a mental cheer including us as we can blend in the most easily with dancing. There is no sprinting or jumping involved in most dances, and humans will not have to see us accidentally run too fast or jump too high for a human. Arbie works her magic to get partnered with me, claiming she's self conscious about her height and I'm the only boy in the class taller than her that isn't her brother or already partnered. Coach Perkovich takes her bait and allows her to partner with me. Apparently rumours of a blossoming romance between Arbie and I are already spreading among the student body and faculty. These rumours don't bother me any, but I'm not sure how Arbie will feel about it. The class begins with a basic box step. I learn quickly that Arbie is an adept dancer as well. We're already two lessons ahead of the rest of the class to which Coach Perkovich is suddenly glad she paired us together. She likes when she can have student examples for each dance step. "Where did you learn to dance like this?" I ask, tightening my grip on her waist slightly. She leans in to me at my gesture. We twirl around the room completely oblivious to those around us. My siblings are lost in their own dance worlds as well. "My moms want Jeb and I to have a well rounded knowledge of many things in the world. That's why I'm also nearly fluent in Spanish, know my history, can paint, and do math well. They taught both of us from a very young age." "You're incredible," I whisper, thinking it's too low for her to hear. "Likewise," she whispers back. "I know I've only known you a day, but I feel like we're connected on some other level. Is that creepy?" she asks. "Not at all," I say, pulling her tight against me. If she doesn't flinch at my cold hand grasping hers, then perhaps she won't care that my entire body is as cold as my hands. Her body is so warm. Too soon the class ends and we make our way back to our respective locker rooms. I'm grateful that it won't be but a few minutes before I am next to her again. I ache to have her in my arms like that all the time. Choir passes without me getting to hear her voice. Hers is lost in the shuffle of the other voices. Mr. Lindstrom has run out of time for section placement, or I would have at least gotten to hear one scale come out of her perfect mouth. We both stop at our lockers after class to collect all our assignments and text books we accumulated throughout the day. "Anymore text books in this damn thing, and I'm going to need to be making regular visits to a chiropractor," she complains as she's about to sling her back pack over her shoulder. I stop her arm mid swing and take the bag from her, carrying hers and mine effortlessly in one arm as we walk side by side to the parking lot. I scan the lot for her brother, curious to see what kind of car she drives. When my eyes land on him, I stop dead in my tracks, dropping our book bags unceremoniously at my feet. Arbie notices my pause and stops her trek. "What's wrong?" she asks. "You drive a Bentley ?" I reply, not taking my eyes off the car. She stifles a sigh. "Yeah, my last name remember?" she states. I hadn't made the connection yet. "Your parents own Bentley?" I ask, dumbfounded. "Major shareholders technically, but yeah. My parents tend to be a little ostentatious when it comes to selecting cars. You should see the collection we have at home, it's pretty ridiculous," she says as she bends down to collect our bags. "Where's your car?" she asks. I point in the general direction of where I parked, sure that she'll see one of my siblings waiting outside it. She gasps in surprise, a hint of anger in her intake of breath. "You drive a bloody Porsche SUV and you're commenting on my Bentley?" "I didn't mean anything by my comment," I say. She raises an eyebrow at me. "It just caught me off guard. Most high school students don't drive Bentleys, Arbie. You know that," I add defensively. "Most high school students don't drive Porsches either," she counters. "Unfortunately, I don't have the excuse of being a Porsche heir," I reply, shooting her my crooked grin, hoping to take her mind off of matters of money in my family. "Well, at least I won't have to worry about you being a gold digger then, eh?" she winks. "I'll see you tomorrow?" I nod at her just as she reaches up and kisses my cheek. The skin burns where her lips touched it long after she's walked away. I'm still as frozen as I was when I noticed her car. She and Jeb exchange a brief silent conversation before getting in their ostentatious car and driving away. I'll see her tomorrow, indeed.