by something. "I guess I'm just weird." I cocked an eyebrow, my expression telling her how obviously unsatisfying her answer was. "I knew the Cu- a coven that lived here." Her voice broke as she cut herself off and I was instantly intrigued but I figured I shouldn't press her. A girl as young as Bella would have at least one parent, I could ask them for the basic details. " Go right." I turned again, debating whether or not it would be safe for her to stay in Forks. " No it wouldn't, the Volturi will find her eventually. Came Alexa's flat toned reply. " You'll have to turn her." Ishmael stated. Are you fucking insane? Don't answer that, of course you are. I'm not turning a teenage girl! " Hypocrite." Ishmael sing-songed. I was a month away from being twenty when I was turned, dick head, and it wasn't my choice. " You really shouldn't insult yourself, apparently that's not healthy." I growled at Ishmael's words, sending an apologetic look to Bella when she looked at me with a startled expression. "Sorry." Bella shrugged off my apology. "You're a vampire, it makes sense. I don't know what everyone else is though." Ah yes, that matter. Naturally none of my personalities were vampires, though Alexa acted like one sometimes and they all possessed my strength and speed. I chuckled a little, trying to think of how to explain my ability; I'd only had to do it once before and even then the fucker requested a demonstration that he hadn't even needed. "They're characters, I guess, parts of me put into a tangible form. Most people can't see them though." Bella cocked an eyebrow and I smirked. Whoever this girl was, she was special. "Turn right, I'm the fifth house. But he picked me up and the blonde girl was comforting me-." She listed off. She looked like she was going to continue but I waved off her rambling with a slight chuckle. "I said people can't see them, not that they aren't there. People with a really strong sense of imagination seem to be able to see them for some stupid reason. You're the first human to actually see them, supernaturals have an easier time believing in crazy stuff then humans do." Bella lapsed into thought, her brow furrowing and her eyes fixing on her hands, which fidgeted in her lap. I pulled her truck into the driveway, noting the police cruiser. Marvin handed me my contacts and I smiled, putting the irritating things in as I waited for Bella to get her head wrapped around everything. Bella's eyes widened when I opened my door to get out, like she'd never even considered the possibility that I might enter her home, but she didn't argue. Alexa jumped out of the back and Marvin opened the passenger door, hopping out and extending a hand to the baffled teenager. The three of us followed Bella inside while I let my mind run through possibilities that might give Bella a fighting chance at survival, because apparently she was important. " Just accept it." Ishmael's voice rung out, Mags giggling away in agreement with him, causing me to suppress an irritated growl. I didn't like having drama in my life, adopting a human meant lots of drama, especially this human. The coven she'd known had exposed vampires and had left her behind with a very broken heart, she had to be changed but not where there was any memory of them that could set off her newborn rage. Maybe Peter and Char will help? That would make everything so much easier. My phone buzzed in my pocket and I took it out, confused for a moment since I hadn't given my phone number to anyone. We'll come up in a few days, get her used to proper vampires. –Yoda Fucker knows too much. Peter's ability to 'just know things' was both frustrating and amusing in equal measurements. You love me for it. Char says, Hi. –PW I rolled my eyes at the show off, Marvin snickering beside me and we made our way up the porch steps with Bella. She opened the door and instantly a man was walking out of the living room, his eyebrow cocking as his eyes landed on me and flicked behind me to my companions. Interesting. Like father like daughter I suppose. "Dad, this is-" I stepped around her, Marvin and Alexa darting up the stairs to pack everything as quickly as possible. "Mr. Swan, my name is Zaiden Mann, I just moved into town and your daughter tolerated my presence at the coffee shop, figured I'd see if we could test out a friendship." Bella's dad looked stunned for a moment, his eyes flicking up to Marvin and Alexa, who were still flanking Bella. "Oh, sorry, that's Marvin Mann and Alexa Knight, we have two more sisters and a brother who aren't here at the moment." "You're all siblings?" I shrugged nonchalantly, ignoring Bella's accusing stare and covering my bases. "Marvin is my brother, the rest are more friends but we feel closer then that, you know? Alexa and the others all lost their parents at some point and we all homeschool so we figured we might as well stick together. Our parent figures, Peter and Charlotte, bought a house just outside of town, said we should have experience living in a nice town like Forks so, here we are, they'll be here in a few days, just patching some things up back home." Mr. Swan looked a little dumbstruck and blinked for a few moments before politely extending a hand in greeting. "Well, welcome to Forks, I guess. I'm Sheriff Swan, but call me Charlie. Would you mind having your parents contact me when they get here? I like to know the people in my town." I nodded, plastering a beaming smile, worthy of Mags, onto my face and shook the man's hand. "Of course, Charlie."