to speak again when I paused, looking out of the corner of my eye to see someone standing in the very back of the yard. Slowly; I locked my gaze on the person, analyzing them for just the shortest of minutes. "Who is that?" I muttered lowly to Edward, hoping only he would hear. Now Edward was looking over towards the person as well, his eyes going dark, a growl falling off his lips. "Volturi…" I gasped, clutching Nessie closer, glaring towards the unknown stranger. "Who invited Volturi here?" Edward frowned, shaking his head. "Keep Renesmee close," Slowly he shifted out of the line, and made his way to the man. I bit my lip watching after him. With some concentration I stretched my shield out towards Edward, protecting him as best I could, and I made sure I listen in to the conversation, for any sign of aggression. "Who are you?" Edward said politely, but the frown on his face was nothing but serious. "I don't believe we have sent you an invitation." "My name is Dante," The man's voice was smooth, yet held a slight Italian accent. "And you are correct, I had no invitation, my apologies for crashing the party." "Did Aro send you?" I heard Edward speak lowly. The man spoke without hesitation. "I came on my own accord." It was Nessie that pulled my attention back. "Who's that?" She said gazing in the direction that Edward had went. "I don't know," I said putting her down to her feet. "Come on; let's get you something to eat." I urged her. She nodded, but her eyes kept going to the man, and Edward, it was clear that her attention was fixated on this new visitor. A few of the other's seemed to notice as well, and I was relieved to see Emmett, Jacob, and Seth walk over to Edward. "Well buddy, you better not be thinking about laying a hand on Nessie." Jacob barked, his tone was deep, almost chillingly cold. "I have no desire to fight, or cause any trouble." Dante replied; his tone was just as velvety and pleasant as could be. "I come peacefully," Slowly I turned back to Nessie, watching as she filled her plate, when she finished she looked back up at me curiously, than back to where Dante and the others stood. "Can we go say hi?" Edward glanced over towards us, and gave us a slight nod. "Sure," I said, but gently moved her behind me as we made our way over to where the others were. Dante now was turned to us, his crimson eyes casting down at Nessie, then up to me. "So you're the Bella, who carried the half breed, I've heard a lot about you," I nodded slightly, trying my best to not to glare at him. I didn't trust anyone linked with the Volturi… not now… not ever… not after the day they almost tried to kill my daughter. Nessie slowly peek at Dante, chewing at some chicken, watching between us. "Renesmee," His tone now changed, gazing at her. "You are a beauty." At his words Jacob let out a low snarl, moving closer to her. "And way too young for you." Jacob interjected, narrowing his eyes at Dante. Dante chuckled, looking towards Jacob with a smirk. "To young for you as well wolf," He shrugged now, turning his attention between Edward, and Emmett. "But that is not why I'm here." Edward nodded, raising a brow. "You are here to warn us," He lightly wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me close to him. "Yes, I am relatively new to the guard, but I still have my morals." He spoke, glancing at each of us. "And what you guys did, it opened the eyes of a lot of other vampires out there, they see that the Volturi can be taken on, if there is enough of us." My eyes widened, "So I'm guessing the Volturi is mad?" "Furious, they want to kill every last Cullen," Dante continued with a frown. "Vampires from all sides of the world are looking towards the Cullen's as a sign of hope." Emmett now smirked, commenting for the first time. "We are pretty awesome." "But… that's really not good… is it." Jacob said looking down at Nessie, worry in his eyes. "No, it's not good, the Volturi doesn't want to appear weak, they will target us, and find a way to show that they are still the biggest; most powerful, they will try killing all of us." Edward said with a glare, clutching me tighter to him. Dante nodded, sighing. "But they aren't just going to come out and attack, they are looking for a weapon, something to give them the upper hand when it comes to Bella's shield, they are pretty much scouting the world for more gifted fighters as we speak… I thought that it would be fair, that you knew what they were planning." "Thank you, this was a risk," Edward spoke with a small frown. Dante shrugged. "I don't think the Volturi is the right place for me anyway, but… I would like to stay around here for a bit… there was someone here that I really wanted to see… and possibly learn more about." His eyes now landed on Nessie. She smiled in delight, and moved closer to him. "Me?" She wondered. Dante chuckled and nodded, leaning down on one knee. "Yes; just you piccola bellezza." She giggled, and lightly placed her hand on his face. He froze, seeming to be taken aback. "Sorprendente," He muttered quietly. "You are gifted," I could tell that Nessie was really liking Dante; to Jacob's displeasure. But I couldn't concentrate on that right now… all I could think of was the fact that the Volturi were out to kill us again, and this horrible nightmare that I had thought I could leave behind me was back. Reviews? What do you guys think of this so far? Az