my little girl fevered, wheezed, and coughed. Finally the storm quieted and we were able to enjoy each other. I use the term 'we' as a family, not as a married couple because, Nessie now picked up the habit of sleeping in our bedroom. Her little frame would peacefully knock on the door, slip underneath our covers and cuddle smack dead in between Edward and I for the night. We tried explaining that she needed to be a big girl and sleep in her own bed without going into detail on why Edward and I needed our bed to ourselves, but Nessie would blame the nightmares and put to the rest any lingering arguments. Not that we didn't love the joy of resting as a family unit- Edward and I would each take a hand and listen to her dreams- but after a whole three weeks she had a horrible habit of nearly; very so nearly, of seeing something no child should ever she her parents doing to the point where our passionate whispers of "later, love." Turned into sad shrugs of infinite portions. "Alright, alright. Laugh at Jake time is over!" Jake said reaching over to close the book in my mother's lap. "Isn't it time for Phil's game?" Rose sighed and muttered how much a poor sport the dog was. If she enjoyed my downfall, she must be having the time of her life laughing at Jacob. Renee got up and nodded. "Yes! It is. Nessie you ready?" "Yes Grandma!" she spoke up happily. I had brushed her hair into a ponytail earlier today, but Alice thought that a baseball pin stripe Jersey dress was much cuter than the white tee and tan shorts I had for her. I confronted on how she had time to buy that ahead of time, but not warn me that Renee was coming. Alice chuckled and said "Woman's intuition." With a wink. Renee grimaced with a hard wince. "Ouch! Nessie. You think you could give me a nickname easier to swallow than grandma. " Nessie pondered that while Edward laughed at what I could suppose our daughter wanted to call Renee. "NeNe." She cooed. Renée smiled as she semmed to remember that she was half of my daughter's name stake. "NeNe and Nessie. Lovely duo!" she reached out to high five my daughter. She peeked up at Esme. "Does Esme have a nickname, not that she needs to feel any younger, but I feel it a bit fair." "MeMe?" she asked and Esme's dimples lit up. "I love it, you, Nessie." "You never nicknamed me." Said Jake with a pout. I rolled my eyes, but Alice laughed. "Sure. How about braceface?" "Train-tracks?" mussed Seth suddenly earning a deadly glare from his chief, who shrugged his shoulders in defeat. "'Metal mouth?" hummed in Rose with a wicked smile. Jake grunted and rolled his eyes. "You guys can all go to hell." My mom slapped Jacob in the arm and warned him not to curse in front of Nessie and I smiled as I watched my mom's sedan load up with two ware wolves and my child. As they drove off I was suddenly aware of presence behind me. I turned ever so slightly to my right was met with Edward's liquid gold eyes smothering me as though I was about to burst into flames any second. His arms caught me into a deep embrace and for a minute I swore he was just going to take me where I stood. I tumbled slightly and waited for him to say something- anything. "Our child is in the care of her grandmother, There aren't any other vampires, or werewolves, or any unseen force. Nothing but me, you and a lot less of clothes and an afternoon." He whispered so silently I had a tough time hearing him. I grinned so hellishly and seducingly wriggled my index finger as I took a few steps back from Edward and was about to run back to the cottage as fast as my legs would carry me, until Alice. Sweetly- annoyingly Alice stood in front of me, blocking my path. "Oh no you don't" she yelled at me louder than she needed to. She was attracting the attention of the rest of the family, carefully foiling our alone time and our secret escape. "Alice. I will count to three…" Edward growled. I pictured a vein would be throbbing in his temple right about now. ""Yeah yeah. Count away, brother. It's Wednesday. Bella was work to do. During the little stunt with the voultori, she managed to meet with Jinx and mess up Nessie and Jake's ID's. She, Jasper and I are going to fix it today. We will be back at around 9:00pm." "9:00?! Alice…Nessie will be home by then." I say. "And?" She arched an eyebrow. "1….2…." Edward started to count behind a very tight jaw line. "Edward. It's Bella who needs to fix it. We don't need anyone to figure out Jake has two ID's and trace him back to us." I sighed. She was right. I had been putting off this meeting with Jinx for a few months now and surely without the joys of motherhood now would be a good time to run errands." "I'll be back later." I said bitterly. "Bella, you can't be serious!" I sighed again, but louder and harder as I reached to kiss my husband passionately. "Sorry." I say before shooting daggers at my sister. Alice rolled her eyes and took my hand. She pulled me away and started chatting about how Jinx was at a formal party and how we were going to catch him off guard. I pictured running away back to Edward as fast as I could and leaving Alice behind, but she just then she gripped even harder on my hand making sure her vision would change. "Formal?" I said silently. "Great Alice. Just great!" She laughed. I kissed my one evening without a care away.