the pitcher mound. Edward and I ran as well, him taking third base, and I took second, so I had a better view of Nessie. Emmett went to the first base, keeping a confident look on his face as Jacob stepped up to bat. "Easy out," Emmett called out smirking. Jacob threw him a glare, before grabbing the bat, giving Alice a nod. The moment Alice threw the ball towards him I was shocked at how hard Jacob hit the ball. It sounded like thunder as the bat made contact with the ball. It went in Edward's direction, disappearing into the woods as it flew over his head. Jacob quickly began to run, a cocky look on his face as he passed Emmett at first base, heading now towards second. Edward ran after the ball, going faster than I was used to seeing, taken by surprise again at how fast Edward was, I had forgotten. Edward had made it back with the ball, smacking into Jacob the same time as he touched base. This also caused an explosive sound. Rose's voice called out. "He's save!" She called out reluctantly, a frown on her face, her hands placed on her hips. The game had been more intense than I had truly thought it was going to be, it seemed to be tied up pretty evenly, everyone managed to hit a few times, including Nessie. Of course they went easier on her when she was up to bat. She was able to hit the ball a decent distance, and of course, Jacob would run and get the ball, and jog slowly behind her, letting her run to home base every time. She was overjoyed to be playing, and I knew she was having fun, but by the last play of the game, she was sound asleep on Rose's lap. She was running around a lot today, so I didn't blame her for being so tired. It was the last hitter, Quil; he was a long distance hitter; that was for sure. There was no doubt this one would be going deep into the woods. As Quil slammed the ball out, flying over all our heads, and into the trees, Emmett growled, running full speed into the woods after it. Emmett's Point of View The ball went soaring through the woods at a speed that I couldn't keep up with, but to my luck it was losing speed greatly. I kept my eyes on it as it now was rolling along the ground, only to get abruptly stopped by a foot. Quickly I stopped in my tracks, looking up quickly to see a woman standing a few feet in front of me, the baseball now in her hands. She smiled kindly, her crimson red eyes flashing. "Oh sorry, is this yours?" Her voice was low, but smooth and seductive. I was stunned; I couldn't say one word as she slowly came over to me, looking cautious. "I'm not going to hurt you or anything," She said with a slight smirk. Something inside my chest fluttered as I took detail of her beautiful appearance. She had the perfect body, slim, but curvy, her hair was black, with loose curls, and fair skin. I never thought I would meet a woman as beautiful as Rose… if not more… I pushed that thought away quickly, growling at myself. "Um thanks," I said, forcing myself to not look at her as she handed me the ball. "What are you doing way out here?" She shrugged lightly. "I was hunting, I'm kind new to this area," Lightly her hand went into her hair, playing with one of the curls. "I'm looking for someone, to be honest, maybe you could help me?" I paused, feeling myself inch a little closer to her. "Yeah maybe, who are you looking for?" "Carlisle Cullen," "I know exactly where you can find him," I let a smile come to my face. "I live with the guy; if you just follow me back I can take you to him, if you want." Her eyes seemed to brighten, also inching herself towards me. "Really, well that's really nice off you," She said holding her hand out. "My name is Chloe by the way." Hesitantly I shook her hand, a chill running down my spine at the contact. "I'm Emmett," When we dropped our hands I heaved a sigh, unsure of how I was feeling at this moment. "It's nice to meet you Emmett," She flashed me one of the most beautiful smiles that I have ever seen. In that moment my mind was screaming, to get closer to her. But the other half of me was pushing at me, don't do it, you are happily married… and she may be beautiful, not to mention, hot as hell… but Rose is the woman you fell in love with and married. I controlled myself, just barely able to, but I did. My eyes ran down her body, taking in her every curve with openness, I couldn't help it…she was a temptation that I never thought I would ever have. The urge to be close to this girl scared me, and confused me, so I decided to do the best thing, for both of us, and force myself to forget about having these thoughts and feelings. "Follow me, I'll take you to Carlisle," I said, and tried to keep my eyes off of her the best I could. She nodded eagerly, and as we began the walk back to the others I caught myself trying to sneak peeks at her breasts, and her ass. Stop that, you are married. She didn't seem to notice my ogling to my relief, so I pretended that it didn't happen, and focused my eyes on my wife as we walked out of the woods. Everyone was frozen as they saw us. Well, this was going to be interesting. Please, review and tell me what you think of all this. Sorry Emmett-Rosalie fans.