being tucked into her pocket, and I assumed she had just gotten off of it. Nessie seemed to know I was near her, but she didn't look my way. Instead she focused going to a table where a bunch of girls were yelling and waving at her. "Nessie! You can sit with us." It was the same ruby head in my class early, Megan. "Oh Thank you." Nessie and slide in the empty chair. "You seem to know me, but I am very sorry, but I cannot remember your name." She was polite for her age. "I'm Megan and this is Debbie, Lucye, and Amanda. We heard about what you did in gym. I cannot believe you stood up to Michael. He is a senior. He doesn't talk to freshman, let alone exchange phone numbers." Megan's eyes were fired up. Nessie nodded and took a big bite of the apple in her hand. It seems that she was smart enough not to get the cafeteria food. "Not my type. I do not think a man who only thinks with one head is suited for me. Besides, He really isn't that tough. My older brother Emmett would run Michael into a corner on his best day. My dog is scarier than him." "Whoa Nessie. He isn't just a bully, but he is a hot bully. Not even the jocks mess with him." Lucye's braces were bright pink and her mouth seemed to glitter with each syllable she spoke. "I know you are pretty, but still. Any freshman girl would throw herself in his arms. He is totally tall, dark, and handsome." "My idea of beauty is beyond Michael. I suppose he is decent looking, but like I said. Not my type." Nessie spoke a little louder and I wondered if she knew Michael was approaching her. Michael was a senior here, and my fellow teachers warned me about him being a notorious trouble maker. I had seen pictures of him. Black spiky hair, striking biceps, and tall even for his age. He frowned at Nessie and the girls turned a shade of white. "Not nice to say, Loch Ness." He said bending over to Nessie's ear. Nessie took another slow bite of her apple and chewed unbothered. "You are in my personal space, kindly move away. And it's just Nessie, not Loch Ness." "Loch Ness, you aren't going to like the rest of the year if you keep acting so stuck up. Who were on the phone with anyways? Your mommy?" Nessie seemed visible annoyed now, but she sighed heavily and scooted her chair back. "If you ladies excuse me, I suddenly lost my apipette." She acknowledges her table mates with a kind smile, before walking around Michael. "Loch Ness! You don't understand the order do you?" he tried to reach out to grab her, but she very swiftly moved out the way. "Never touch me without my consent." Nessie hissed. Her eyes were losing their patience. "Loch Ness, are you getting mad? That's pretty cute actually. Let me take you out." Michael's voice was smooth, but Nessie rolled her eyes. "I'm a freshman, go find someone your age." "They aren't as hot as you." "How about you leave me alone? Are you that hurt that I beat you in a stupid game of basketball? So I made a few more shots when Coach Hutch asked us to be different teams. Why are you bothering me?" "Am I bothering you, Loch Ness?" "If you call me that one more time…." I walked started to walk towards them as quick as I could without attracting attention. I gave each of them a hardy smile, before asking if they were having any problems. "No ma'am. I was just welcoming Nessie here to Kitsap High is all." Michael's smile was huge and he had great teeth for a human. And with that h turned and started to stroll the other way. I looked at Nessie who was visible pissed off. "Are you ok, Renesme?" I asked and her eyes darted to mine, before landed on the floor. "I actually need to go lay down, I feel a little bit sick. I had called my older brother and he is on his way to pick me up." Her voice was somber. "Oh, I can walk you to the nurse's office, if you like." Nessie quickly waved me off. "No, no. I am ok really. Just a little faint. Must be the food here." "If that's what you call it. Pft! Food!" I say with a grunt, but quickly relized I should not bash the the food in front of a student. Nessie started to giggle and I relaxed a bit at my slip up. "It is very awful, Ms. Fortune." "Well does your older brother go here?" I started to look around for anyone who might be standing up. "Oh no. My brother goes to Silverdale State College along with his wife and the rest of my siblings. I am the baby." Her voice was a little icy. "Your brother sounds like a good brother to take time off to take care of you." I said in earnest. Nessie's lip slowly rose on one side of her even face giving her a sly, yet cute crooked smile. "My older brother, Edward is like a father to me." I wanted to ask her about being adopted, but her cell phone rang. She glanced nervously at me, since teachers were supposed to take away cell phones if students use them. I didn't see much point, especially if she was ill. "It's probably your brother. Get well soon, Ms. Cullen. See you in French tomorrow." I say moving out her way. Her eyes look glassy as she said her goodbyes and hurried out the cafeteria. Roses seemed be in every inch of the room and my throat was practically yelling now. I needed to hunt and hunt a lot, if I would stand up to rose blood tomorrow.