my new room. Jonah lay beside me his eyes wide and frantic, his body shaking and covered in a thick coating of sweat. He let out another painful screech which broke my heart; I quickly put my arms around him and began rocking him gently back and forth. "Shh, you're okay it's me, Bella, your safe. You're safe. You're safe." I repeated as his shivering began to subside. "It's just a nightmare." I soothed. "W-We were in the w-woods an- and they were there a-an-and they were trying t-to hurt you!" He screamed and he clung tightly to my body. Just then there was a soft tapping on the door. "Yes?" I barely squeaked out, and I was surprised he even heard me. Nathan peeped through from behind the door, he looked worried and concerned. "Is everything alright? I heard the screaming and wanted to make sure you were okay." He walked in and sat on the edge of the bed. "I've got him." I reassured Nathan before drawing my attention back to Jonah. "Your safe now, its oaky we're not there anymore. We're with Nathan remember, everything is okay so calm down." I commanded. "I want Jo Jo!" He screamed. "Where did you leave him?" I sighed. "I don't know." He said worriedly looking around him. Before he could get worked up again I suggested we go look in the jeep, as that was where he had had him last. I gently pulled Jonah along behind me as I walked down the long tiled hallway to the front door. As we walked down the stone steps, Jonah glanced in the direction of the woods that circled our large house. Whilst we were sleeping the world had continued to turn and now the sun was almost completely vanished, which caused the shadows of the forest to become longer and thicker; making them come to life. "It's just a wood don't worry!" I reassured him, rubbing his arm as he stared into the darkness. "It looks like the one at home, the one where it happened." He whispered. "This is our home now." Even as I said it, I knew it was not true. This huge house was not home; it never would be. I glanced down to see Jonah ignoring me; he stared intensely into the wood. I knew the horrific images flickering in his mind; I saw them too. "Hey! Look at me. It's not. That's never going to happen again, okay?" I replied. He turned to look at me, his full, dark brown eyes staring at me, pleading. "You promise?" He said his voice more even now. I bent down to his level, my eyes piercing into his. "I promise you I will never let anything happen to you! Nobody is going to hurt you!" He nodded his head, glancing quickly into the wood and return back to me. I stood and moved toward the monstrous, black jeep that hopefully contained the little grey monkey Jonah called Jo Jo. He'd had it all his life and would not go anywhere without his so called best friend. "Look there it is."I pronounced, pointing to the front seat where Jo Jo lay lifeless and limp. Jonah barged past me to retrieve the toy and crushed him to his chest, I faintly heard him apologise to it and I smile at the cuteness of my brother. Back in the house I left Jonah in his new room unpacking his clothes and toys, whilst I joined Nathan in what could only be the biggest kitchen I had ever been in. He was furiously typing on his laptop on the black kitchen table in the centre of the room, as I entered he looked up and smiled. "Did he find his toy?" Nathan asked. "Yes, he left it in your jeep." I said. "Your jeep." He stated simply, before going back to his typing. I stood there not sure of what I had just heard, surly I didn't hear him properly. "I'm sorry what." I muttered stupidly, he stopped once more and looked up at me. "It's your jeep Bella; you're going to need something to drive to school in." He said matter of factly. "You're giving me your jeep, what about you?" I said astonished. "I have lots more cars Bella, while your living with me you will be entitled to use what facilities are available to you." He supposed. "I don't know how to drive something that big." I said sitting down absolutely blown away by my Uncles contribution. "It's not that different from driving a normal car, you just have more car to worry about." He laughed. "Don't worry I'll teach you." "Thank you." I said. "Wait, did you just say school?" "Well yes you will have to go to school Bella you have to finish your education; it's what your father would have wanted. I've already enrolled you and pulled a few strings at Fork's local high school, it's very nice and respectable I think you will do well there. You start the day after tomorrow." Nathan informed me. I was completely shocked, sure going back to school was the logical thing to do and now that I thought about it, it seems quite reasonable. But it hadn't even crossed my mind that I would ever return back to high school... not after my parent's death, not after I had learnt what evils really lay in this world, not after those monsters destroyed my life. What were they called again? I tried to wrap my brain and remember the strange word they had called themselves in the woods, oh yes, I thought. As the word assaulted my memory and brought back the deafening shivers of my body. Volturi. Thanks so much to everyone who has read my first chapter, ive created a website with pictures of my story to give somthing extra to it. www. bring me to life fanfiction. blogspot. com *(just take away the gaps)* T.E XXXXX