to wait for Emmett. The chalet was clearing out when I got in so I stripped off my snowboarding gear and grabbed a table by the window, watching the skiers race down the hill getting their last runs of the day in. Ding. Ding. I hadn't checked my phone all day. I took it from my pocket and read the names on the screen. Mike. Mike. Mike. Emmett. Mike. Mike. 5 new messages from Mike. My stomach churned slightly. I opened Emmett's first. Hey buddy, you're back at the hill today right? He must have sent that before I got here. I didn't bother to look at Mike's messages, not now anyways. "Hey Mase!" I looked up to see Emmett standing in front of me holding out a sports drink which I grabbed gratefully. "Hey" I said, trying to sound cheerful. "What's got you so tense today? You aren't yourself." His brow furrowed as he spoke. "It's no big deal Em, how were your lessons today?" I made a sad attempt to derail that conversation but could tell Emmett knew exactly what I was doing. For my sake I think, he gave up and went on to answer my boring question. "It was good man, business as usual. Took the kids down a tougher run today. Did you hear about that Olympic trial run?" He sounded excited. "Yea, but I think I'm bartending that night actually." I hadn't even thought to check my schedule. "No way! There's some big talent heading up this way man, I volunteered to help with the event during the day. And you know what that means right?" He smirked as he said it. I laughed out loud and in unison cheered, "Free drinks!" We burst out in laughter again. Whenever there was a VIP event the staff that helped out during the day went unpaid but were allowed a pretty generous tab at the bar in the chalet that night, food, drinks, anything all covered so they could be apart of the evening events. Emmett loved working those events the nights I bartended because of my... ahem... heavy pour. "You got it Mase! I'll be there that night with ya so it'll be a good day, I'm gettin excited for it." His eyes lit up as he talked. We laughed and carried on conversation talking about the kids we taught, going back to school, and our holidays. Emmett was in pre-health, it was nice to have him at the university of Seattle with me. He vacationed back to Vancouver with his parents this winter break as well; going up for a week to their second home in Whistler, British Columbia. I drooled as he talked about the mountains and fresh powder. Not to mention his parents unbelievable house they owned there. Emmett's parents were very well off. They were both in medical fields and encouraged Emmett into the same. Saying they would only help him with tuition if he passed with excellent marks; not that that was a problem for Emmett. He was always secretly smarter than he led on. Sooner or later the conversation turned to the subject of relationships. I asked him as many things as I could about his girlfriend Kate, a gorgeous blonde girl that all the girls were jealous of. I wanted to avoid talking about my relationship as much as possible, because there was nothing to discuss. It was good. I loved Mike. I love Mike. Sure. "Mase you're ignoring my question." "What? Did I?" I had been zoned out and hadn't even heard what it was. "How're things with Mike?" Emmett seemed genuinely curious. "They're fine." I retorted. "Fine? Mase are you kidding? I know you too well to know that when something is fine it's the furthest thing from fine. What's up with you two?" "It's nothing Em, seriously..." I trailed off and turned my head to stare out the windows. The sky was almost black as little specs of snow fell from the sky. The ski hill was now being re-groomed and the bright lights on the hill lit it up. Thankfully Emmett dropped the conversation and went back to the Olympic event. It was interesting enough, at one point he even got me excited. It turned out I would actually be meeting some of my favorite snowboarders out there. They would all be here. We walked out to the parking lot together, some of the last to leave and said good byes. I would see Emmett again the next day when we came back in to teach. The drive home was uneventful, I turned the radio on and belted out a few good songs, vowing only to do that alone. I could only image the teasing that would happen with Emmett in the car. Home arrived sooner than I thought, and as I walked in the door I was suddenly aware of how exhausted I was. I hadn't slept that well the night before but was ready to pass out now. I walked to my room and stripped my clothes off, crawling into bed in my underwear and an old t shirt. I checked my phone again, realizing I hadn't sent Mike a text in two days. His now eight messages all sounded concerned, and nagging, and loving, and irritating. I did love Mike; afterall it had been four years. That means we'll just work it out right? I replied with a quick response about how work had been busy, how I was doing fine, and how I loved him. With that I put the phone down and rolled over. Why did it feel like I had just lied? Sleep didn't come easy. It was unwilling and teasing. My stomach tossed and turned almost as much as I did. I dreamed of nothing as I drifted off that night. A/N: Let me know if you enjoyed! Thank you for taking your time to read what I've written, it means the world to me. Sincerely -X