but grin. She held her arms out, and Alice passed me to her. She kissed my forehead and swept a stray hair behind my ear as she held me. "We'll have so much fun together, Isabella." she told me with a smile. Everyone took turns holding me except for Jasper, who stayed in the corner of the room like before, focused again on something I couldn't see. I wondered why he didn't come and say hello- didn't he like me? I frowned as Emmett passed me to Esme, suddenly insecure. "What's wrong, darling?" she asked, frowning worriedly. "Does Jasper like me?" I whispered to her, pointing to where he was standing. "He looks like he wants to leave." Esme chuckled and rubbed my back soothingly. "Don't worry about him, dear." she told me. "He's just shy." I felt like there was something she wasn't telling me, but I decided not to say anything else about it. Once I had had a turn talking to everybody, Carlisle, the last to hold me, set me down and motioned that I go back to my bed. I obediently hopped onto the corner of the mattress and crossed my legs so that I was sitting Indian-style. "Now, Bella, before we take you to our home, there's something we must tell you." he began, speaking slowly with an added edge of caution in his voice. "Okay." I said confusedly. "What is it?" He took a deep breath. "Have you ever heard of vampires, Bella?" he asked me slowly. "Vampires?" I asked. Yes, I knew about vampires- the word made me remember silly Halloween costumes with plastic fangs and long capes. I knew the basics- in school, people told scary stories about the creatures that could turn into bats and drink people's blood. "Why do you care if I know about-" I broke off as I noticed that they had all taken a step back, and seemed to be holding their breath as they waited for my reaction. Suddenly, it clicked. "Oh." The Cullens were vampires! That explained the inhuman beauty. It was just that- they were more than human. But how could they be evil ? They hadn't tried to drink my blood at all during the time that I'd known them, not even when I'd ripped out my I.V. They'd all been so kind, too, and seemed to be honest with me as well. They'd even gone so far as to offer that I stay with them while they looked for my parents! A small part of me wondered if it was a trap, if they would turn on me and attack the moment we set foot in their house. But I just couldn't imagine Alice or Esme or Rosalie taking a snap at me, and especially not Carlisle or Edward. They all acted so human, so natural and gentle. And Carlisle had said that Edward had saved me- why would he have brought me here if he was just planning on eating me for a snack later? I decided that if that was their intention, Edward would have finished me then and there in the alley when he had the chance. When I looked up at them, they all had anxious expressions on their faces. "It's okay if you're vampires." I finally said. "I trust you." They all exhaled in relief. "Thank you, Isabella." Carlisle said sincerely. "Your trust means so much to us. I assure you, you have no reason to fear us. We do not feed on human blood- we prefer to live on a diet of animals. We're vegetarian , so to speak." he explained. I smiled. I had known the Cullens were good people, and Carlisle's statement about them being vegetarians confirmed it. "So you still want to stay with us?" Esme asked me, her hope clear in her voice. I giggled and smiled, gazing at each of them in turn. "Of course I do!" I exclaimed. They all cheered and Emmett threw me onto his shoulders, booming out a loud cry of "aw, yeah!" I laughed. "Then it's settled!" Carlisle said, clapping his hands together. "Isabella will come home with us tomorrow. From now on, until we find your parents, Isabella, you are an honorary member of the Cullen family!" I grinned, looking around at the members of my new foster family. Isabella Cullen. I liked the sound of that. "Thank you so much, Mr. Carlisle." I told him, so grateful for everything he and his family were doing for me. The room burst into busy conversation as everyone made plans for the following day- I could hear Alice chatting animatedly to Rosalie about all the shopping they would have to do. Esme and Carlisle conversed quietly about something that I couldn't hear, but they were both smiling. I stayed on Emmett's shoulders, observing everyone from afar. At some point, the door opened and Edward slipped back into the room. I grinned and tapped the top of Emmett's head, wanting to get down so that I could go and talk to him. "What's up, kiddo?" he asked. "Put me down, please." I requested, and he did as I asked, gently lowering me to the ground. Once I was safely back on my own two feet, I walked over to where Edward was standing. Without speaking, I smiled and wrapped my arms around him. He drew one arm over me absentmindedly, pulling me closer. "I'm an honorary Cullen now." I told him proudly. He smiled softly. "Welcome to our family, little one." he murmured before drawing me up into his arms and humming the soothing lullaby. Suddenly, I realized how tired I was. I yawned hugely and he chuckled. "Go to sleep, Bella." he whispered, and I smiled at the new nickname. Bella. I liked it. The last things I heard as the world around me dissolved into darkness were the chattering and laughter of my new family, and the sound of Edward's gentle song, lulling me to sleep.