like the life draining kiss of a succubus, and her mouth seemed to open by itself. The girl's tongue entered and Bella's whole head glazed over. Two tiny hands wove into her hair and pulled her deeper into the kiss, moaning softly into her mouth. The girl was pulling off her top. Bella raised her arms and the kiss was broken for just a second before the girl's lips reappeared on hers. It was dark in the room but she could feel the exposure of her breasts. Her nipples hardened in the cold air. The girl leaned into her, wrapping her arms around her neck, and the touch of her naked chest was like her soul ascending. The girl lowered her to the mattress and continued to kiss her. The contact of their bodies was tangling the sheets and after a while the sheets were gone. Bella's hands were all over the girl's back. Holding her. Stroking her. The girl's lips had descended to her neck, her collarbone. Delicate kisses along the couture of her clavicle. The lips travelled lower onto her chest. Both of the girl's hands were groping her breasts, squeezing them. Small hands. Tiny fingers. A tongue brushed her nipple. Bella quivered and wanted more. The tongue licked again and then her nipple was engulfed in a hot wet mouth. Bella groaned and squirmed as the lips suckled at her. She was holding the girl's head at her chest. Her hair was short and impossibly soft. The girl moved her mouth to the other breast and squeezed it and sucked on the nipple, moaning as if it tasted nice. Bella whimpered and started pushing at the girl's head. For her to go lower. The girl trailed kisses on her tummy, her belly button. Bella was wearing nothing but shorts. Her legs were open and she was throbbing between them. The girl was pulling off her shorts. Bella lifted her hips to help. The wind rattled the window over the bed and wind howled in the attic upstairs. Bella's legs fell open bonelessly. Lightning came again and in the brief flash she saw the girl between her legs like a ghost come to inhabit her. Her thighs were wet and slathered. The room winked out into darkness and a tongue flicked against her womanhood. Bella grasped and groaned. The girl was kissing her entrance. Softly. Gently. She kissed and licked. Tasting her. Teasing her. Bella whimpered. The licks came longer and slower. She could hear the girl moaning over the moan of the wind. She squeezed her eyes shut and tossed her head on the pillow. She could feel the hair stuck to her flushed face. She took fistfuls of bedsheet, moving her hips slowly against that slowly lapping tongue. Her legs were open as far as they would go. Thunder roared in the distance and then crackled close by. She gasped and groaned, the storm raging outside and a storm building inside her. The girl had inserted two fingers into her vagina and she pumped them and curled them and caressed her interior. Bella clenched and clenched and when she came she came once, twice, and came again, her body bursting and buckling under each orgasm until she came a final time with the girl's lips wrapped around her clit and two fingers buried deep within her core. She thought she was going to die and for a while it felt like she had. She was drenched in sweat and trembling. Exhausted. Laying there and listening to the storm as the girl giggled and settled on top of her. Bella turned her head and opened her eyes. She could see nothing but she knew the girl was there. She could feel the warm weight spread across her, chest to chest, and she knew their lips were probably only inches apart. "Get off me," she said. But the girl only giggled. "No." Bella blinked into the blackness. She had felt the girl breathe the word directly onto her lips and yet she didn't seem to understand it. "Excuse me?" The girl ignored this and settled a bit closer. Her hand touched the woman's damp hair and stroked it. "Hey," she whispered, as if to start a conversation. "Do you know what I keep thinking about? I keep thinking about you. And me. And what a coincidence it is that our paths happened to cross. Hm? Think about it. Both attracted to each other. Both lonely. Pretty steep odds, don't you think? Of all the homes in all the world, it was this one I was invited into. Almost enough to make you believe in destiny. Don't you think?" Bella didn't answer. Her mouth was dry from panting and she closed it and swallowed. "Think about it," the girl continued. "Think about how I ended up here. All the events required in order to maneuver me into this position. The rain, for instance. Do you think you would've picked me up if it hadn't been raining? Or do you think you would've simply drove on?" "I don't know," Bella said. The girl giggled softly. She was nuzzling Bella's cheek, placing little kisses there. "Neither do I," she said. "Yet somehow or other this is where the weathers of the world have led me. Right here. In your bed. On top of you." Her lips had lowered to Bella's neck. To the softly throbbing pulsepoint there. "Do you see what I mean?" she whispered. "It's a strange thought, isn't it? To think it was destiny that led me to you. You can call it coincidence if you want. Sure. But it's so much more romantic to call it destiny." "Destiny?" Something sharp grazed her throat. Thunder boomed nearby. Bella put her arms around the girl as if to protect her from the weather and the girl giggled softly into the crook of her neck. "Yes," she said. "Destiny." Bella gasped in pain. The girl had bitten into her neck. —