The cafeteria's closed but the kitchen's open all night." "Nah, I'm tired. I'm just gonna relax." "Okay. Well, we'll see you later." "You too." The brunette turned back to the chest of drawers to continue unpacking. Bella nodded goodnight at the blonde on the bed and the blonde tossed her chin. "Later, new girl." Bella stepped back into the bathroom and closed the door. It was late at night by the time Alice returned to the room. Bella was sitting cross-legged on the bed with a bunch of textbooks scattered around her, flipping through them idly. It was all much more advanced than at her last school. She looked at the clock on the wall and let out a loud yawn. She closed the book she was reading and had begun to pack them up when there was a soft knock on the door. The door opened and Alice popped her head in. "Hey," she said. "Sorry, I was…" She gestured vaguely. Bella didn't know what it meant. She was entering the room sheepishly and she laced her hands behind her back. "Listen," she said. "I really need to apologize." "About what?" "About what happened. I shouldn't have, you know. Come onto you like that. Not so quickly, anyway. Truth is, I already have a girlfriend." "You do?" "Yeah. Actually, I have several." Bella raised an eyebrow. " Several ?" Alice shrugged a shoulder coyly, a pretty blush moving over her cheeks. "Yeah," she said. "Basically. They're not actually girl friends, they're more like girls who, um. You know. Like to fool around sometimes? And, you know. I'm kind of popular, so…" She trailed off, standing there with her hands behind her back, partly ashamed, partly proud, waiting for a reaction. Bella swallowed and scratched her head. "Oh," she said. "Well, um…I like to fool around too." "You do?" "Sure." "So you're not mad at me?" "Of course not." Alice fluttered with relief and came forward to hug Bella. Bella was standing by the chest of drawers between the beds and the force of the hug backed her into them. "Thanks," Alice said. "I was so worried. I thought we were going to be enemies for the whole year. I'm glad we can be friends." "Yeah, me too." Alice released her, smiling. Bella blushed. "So, um," she said. "How many of these girlfriends do you actually have?" "Oh, only a couple right now, but I'm always eager to meet new people. Hey, wanna see something?" "See what?" Alice opened the top drawer and took out a small square box. It was a keepsake box of polished redwood with gold hinges and a gold clasp and a gold loveheart embellished into the surface of the lid. "This is my conquest box," Alice said, lifting the lid. The inside was lined with velvet and the only thing it contained was a little nest of red ribbons like the ones that were part of the school uniform. "I collect a ribbon from every girl I've been with," she explained. "Some of them were just kisses, but lots of them were more." "Wow," Bella said, gazing into the box. There were dozens of ribbons in there, so many she couldn't even guess. "That's a lot of girls." Alice giggled and lifted a pinch of the ribbons. "Mmhm," she said. "And I'm only a junior. By the time I'm a senior I might need a whole new box." "Wow," Bella repeated. "Did you want a ribbon from me too?" Alice had been about to close the lid but now she looked up in delight. "Really? That would be so awesome. I was afraid to ask you." Bella was already untying the ribbon from around her neck. She handed it over and Alice took it, smiling and adding it to her collection. "Thanks," she said. "I can buy you a new one tomorrow, if you want. They're pretty expensive." "Don't worry about it, my mom bought me spares of everything." Alice was still smiling as she closed the box and latched it shut and then she turned the smile to Bella. She was a few inches shorter and she had to stand on her toes slightly to place a kiss on the corner of Bella's mouth. "Thanks," she said. Bella tried to be gallant and failed miserably. "Y-your welcome," she stuttered. Alice tucked the box back where it came from—on top of her underwear—and closed the drawer. "Well," she said, "I guess we better get to bed, huh? It's pretty late. It's not going to be weird getting changed in front of each other, is it?" She was already unbuttoning her blouse. Bella smiled and reached for her own buttons. "I think it'll be okay," she said. They undressed together, openly sneaking peeks at each other's bodies, and got changed into their sleepwear. Alice had pink pajamas and Bella just had a t-shirt and shorts. Alice flipped off the light and Bella switched off the lamp before they both crawled into their beds. And then they lay there. In the dark. Not whispering. Flashes of bras and panties were fresh in their minds and Bella's lips were still tingling from where Alice had kissed her. The darkness between them seem to crackle with sexual tension and finally Alice spoke. "Bella?" "Yeah?" "Can you sleep?" "Not really." "Me neither." They fell silent. Bella blinked in the dark. Alice giggled once and whispered: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" "Um, I don't know. What are you thinking?" Alice giggled again and hopped out of her bed and came crawling into Bella's. Bella felt a warm softness brush up against her body as Alice settled against her. "I was thinking we might as well just do it." "I was thinking that too." "I know you were," Alice said, touching Bella's face in the dark to find her lips. "We're going to be perfect roommates, aren't we?" Bella opened her mouth to answer but Alice was already kissing her. —