move over Bella's frightened face. "In all honesty, I do feel sorry for you," she said. "A messy death is perhaps an indignity you don't deserve. So I'll tell you what I'll do. I must kill you to honor James. But I don't have to feed from you. That way it'll be quick and relatively painless. How does that suit you?" Bella didn't answer. She just sat there on the couch, trembling, shivering, watching the other woman's face. "Will you make sure my father never finds me?" she asked. "I hadn't planned to," the woman said. "I can't leave any evidence, anyway." Bella nodded. She realized she had just given permission for her own murder and her heart sank into her stomach. The woman rose from the coffeetable and took a seat beside Bella on the couch. Bella watched her, shrinking back until the woman put an arm around her. As if they were snuggling down to watch a movie on a date. Then she lowered Bella's head into her lap and wove her fingers into Bella's hair in order to get a good grip on her skull. Bella was still shivering, almost shuddering by now. She couldn't believe she was about to die. She was laying with her cheek on the woman's thigh, as if for a nap, and she could feel the woman's cool fingers almost caressing into her scalp. Then she heard the soft sound of a deep breath. "It is a shame, though," the woman murmured. "You do smell delicious." Bella lay there. Her eyes darted across the room, the white walls, the furniture. The woman's fingers were practically massaging her scalp, as if to coax the scent out of her hair. "What are you waiting for?" Bella whispered. The woman looked down. Bella looked up from her lap. The woman's eyes were a dark color like wine and she seemed oddly hesitant, as if this was all wrong and she didn't know why. She looked at Bella and studied her face and said: "Do you believe that man was your mate?" "Edward?" "Yes. Edward." "Yes. He was." "And he left you. Why did he do that?" "To protect me." "So you said. Yet here you are." Bella didn't answer. She continued looking up at her for a moment and then turned away. "Just do it." Then she closed her eyes. And waited. And waited. She wasn't even afraid. Almost eager for it to all be over. But it didn't happen. The woman continued to hesitate and then she exhaled in frustration and pushed Bella's head away. "It's pointless," she said. "Just go." Bella rose up, her hair all dishevelled. "What?" "Go. Get out." "Are you sure?" "Now." "But does this mean…" " Leave !" Bella stumbled backwards off the couch, almost crashing into the coffeetable. She got to her feet and stared wildly at the woman there on the sofa. She had crossed her legs and turned away, sitting with a chilling elegance as she gazed out the window in the far wall. Nothing out there but darkness. Bella spun and ran out. The keys were still in her truck and her heart hammered the entire drive home. She kept thinking the woman would come chase her on foot and tear her out of the cab. She kept her eyes on the rearview and both sideview mirrors but there was no sign of her. Just the endless staccato dark of the trees whipping past. Soon she was back in Forks. She didn't have her phone with her and she wasn't sure how late it was. She figured she had to have been gone for at least two hours. Her dad would be home by now and wondering where she was. And what to tell him? That she had briefly been abducted by a redheaded vampiress bent on honoring her fallen mate by destroying her? Bella wiped her eyes with her fingers and turned into her neighbourhood. She didn't know what she was going to tell him. She didn't even know if the woman had truly let her go or if this was just a momentary reprieve. Her dad must've heard the truck pull up because he had come to the front door. Bella saw him as she came in, wearing a worried frown, and tried to give him a smile. "Hey, dad." "It's late, Bells. Where've you been?" "Nowhere. Just driving." "Driving?" "Yeah, sorry. I left my phone in my bag. I'll get started on dinner in just a second, okay?" Then she trotted up the stairs and left him there. He didn't mention it again for the rest of the night. Neither did she. She made dinner and they ate together quietly, not speaking. The pasta was like eating shredded newspaper with spaghetti sauce and after they were done she gathered up the dishes and washed them in the sink. While she was drying them, she noticed something on the floor in the corner. It was a balled up photograph. She picked it up and smoothed it out. Her prom photo with Edward. She looked at the refrigerator and realized that it must've been that woman who took it down. She was going to put it back but it was all creased and ruined and eventually she just tore it up and threw it in the trash. After brushing her teeth she went into her room and checked to make sure the window was locked. It was. She wasn't sure how that woman had gained access to the house or if she would do it again and that night after going to bed she lay for a long in the dark and wondered what she was supposed to do. Her father was a police chief but he couldn't protect her. Edward could, but he was gone. Without so much as a phone number or an email address. Now she was alone. She had no one, nothing, and after a while she fell asleep. —