get my balance. My head was spinning and I heard another moan behind me. I looked over my shoulder and I saw the girl laying on her side, curled up with her eyes closed and her black underwear in lewd disarray. Her mouth was covered in blood and she was licking her lips like a well-fed cat. I turned and ran into the bathroom. I had no idea what the crazy bitch's deal was, but I wasn't sticking around to find out. I didn't even bother with underwear, I just got rid of the condom—flicking at it with my hand until it peeled off, as if I was afraid to actually touch it—and then I grabbed my dress and wriggled into it. I saw myself in the mirror over the sink and froze with the zip half up. The bite was fairly savage and blood had dripped all the way to my collarbone. I was crying a little bit and I sniffed as I zipped up the dress and stepped into my heels. I wiped my eyes with my hands, tucked my purse under my arm, and then I turned to leave. The girl was in the doorway. I froze. She wasn't exactly blocking the door, but I was scared to even go near her—even though she didn't look very scary anymore. She was tucking her boobs back into her bra and her expression was regretful. She had wiped her mouth but it was still stained pink. "Get out of my way," I said firmly. She moved slightly, but not really to let me pass. "Look, I'm sorry," she said. "That was wrong of me, very wrong. But in a way, it was your own fault. You fucked me so good I couldn't help myself." She said it with a strained lightheartedness. I didn't even smile. "I want to go home," I said. "Now." I was prepared to force my way out, but she sighed and stepped backwards. "Okay, okay," she said. "Let me get the door for you." I didn't trust her, but I didn't object. She led me out of the bedroom and out of the apartment. I followed her down the spiral staircase at a safe distance, sniffing occasionally. She kept glancing over her shoulder, as if she wanted to apologize, but she didn't seem to have the words. She led me back through the main bar area, the tables still littered with bottles and empty glasses. She had mentioned earlier that she had a clean-up crew come by in the mornings. She was wearing nothing but her lingerie and heels, and even after everything that happened I couldn't help admiring her ass and the roll of her hips as she walked. She led me to the side entrance and started unlocking it slowly. It had three different deadbolts and a chain. "Look," she said, as she undid the chain. "I'm really sorry about what happened. I don't usually do that without asking a girl first, but…" I was frowning at her, waiting for the door to open. She trailed off and sighed. She could see that I wasn't really open to an apology right now so she just opened the door. "Listen," she said, before I left. "I know you're freaked out right now, but if you wanna come back sometime, I'll explain everything. Okay? And if you never want to see me again, well…" She smiled and then she leaned forward, stood on the toes of her heels, and placed a kiss on my cheek, right near my mouth. My heart started racing but I kept my face cold. She smiled and rocked back and opened the door a little wider. "Thanks for the fuck," she said. "You were awesome." The door was wide open, yet I hesitated. I felt like I was supposed to say something in return, but the wound in my neck was still fresh with pain, and— I tore my eyes away from hers and stalked out the door. The exit led into a dark alleyway and I turned back for a second. She was standing there in her black lace lingerie, smiling with her fangs exposed, and she gave me a big sexy wink. Then she closed the door softly. I swallowed the lump in my throat and started toward the streetlamps and before I even reached the sidewalk I was using my purse to cover the lower part of my dress. Her words and her wink had kind of made me hard again. — AN: Well, there it is. It turned out a lot longer than I thought. The whole concept of futa has a lot more comedy in it than I would've thought. Hope it turned out okay. I've glanced at a few other futa fics, and one thing that always bothered me was how they completely avoided the issue of penis + lesbian. To me, that seems like a big deal, so I let the prose dwell on it for a little bit. It's all very light-hearted, but I didn't want to pretend it's all just normal for both of them. So I made Bella hesitant, and Alice kind of kinky. As for Alice's orientation, I wasn't sure. I made her bi in the first draft, but I never liked bi Alice. I also had a version where she was a lesbian but already had experience with men (before she realized she was gay or whatever), but in the end, I thought it would be more impactful if it was her pseudo first time. I figured if she was confident and secure enough in her sexuality then it wouldn't be wrong or strange to her, it might even be an exciting experiment. Anyway, not sure if I'll continue. It'll partly depend on if anyone interested and partly on my own second thoughts. As I said, I'm not a huge fan of futa, so I'm not sure about it. Anyway, let me know what you think. Later. ;)