and whimpered. Again. I almost sobbed. Again and again and again. My breath was heaving in and out of my chest and my eyes were closed by now, my whole face scrunched up. I had my legs open so wide it felt like they were splitting and my back was arching off the mattress. My breathing went fast and rhythmic and suddenly my hands clenched in the bedsheets. A cry came out of me as all my dreams came true in one big orgasm. I almost passed out. I might've, for a moment. When my eyes opened, I was panting and laying on my side. My body was humming and I could feel an ebbing throb between my legs. Then the covers came up. The woman kissed the side of my face, as if to wake me, and I managed to flutter back to life. She shifted me a bit, so my head was on the pillow, and then she drew the covers over us both. "Oh god," I wheezed, still not breathing properly. "That was so amazing. I can't believe it. Thank you. That was so…" "Shh," the woman whispered. "Just relax." She was drawing me closer under the covers and I snuggled up to her blissfully. Her naked body was cool and smooth and I seemed to fit against it perfectly. I didn't even know her name, but the intimacy was indescribable. "I'm sorry," I said. "I'm so tired. I don't know why I'm so tired. Mmm. That feels so good." "This?" She was stroking my side with her hand. I had an arm and leg thrown over her, and her hand was there at my waist, patting me, caressing me, soothing me. "Yes," I whispered, breathlessly. "Mmm. I love it." She chuckled in a low vibration of her chest. "Just relax," she said. "You'll be asleep in a minute." "I can't sleep. I have to go home." "Shh. Just lay here with me for a while." "Okay," I said, giving up instantly. "Okay. Mmm. It feels so good." I was rubbing my thigh against her and cuddling even closer. "Mmm. This is so amazing. Who are you? I don't even know you're name. Will I ever see you again?" I had actually opened my eyes and raised up slightly to ask those questions. But she only smiled and guided my head back down to her chest. She kissed my hair and whispered: "Soon, my dear, soon. It will be difficult to part with you now that I have finally found you, but we must bare it as best we can until we are reunited once again. Now go to sleep. If you wish to see me again sooner rather than later, simply close your eyes and I'll be waiting there in the dark. As I always have." She kissed me again and a faint murmur came out of me. I was already falling asleep. — I woke up in the morning with a pain in my head that would split a coconut. I groaned and opened my eyes. Brightness. Sun. I moved slightly in the bed, laying on my stomach, and then suddenly I remembered where I was. I flipped over and sat up. A throb of pain almost knocked me back down again. I put a hand in my hair and looked around, but she wasn't there. The bed was empty and there was no sign of her. I was crushed, but I didn't give up all hope. I scrambled out of the bed and wrapped the sheet around my body. My legs were weak and the strain of standing caused me to start sweating. My tongue was dry and swollen and it was hard to swallow. I stood for a second with eyes squeezed closed until the pain and dizziness went a away. Jeez. How could I possibly be so hung over from one little glass of champagne? Finally I took a breath and went out into the room, hitching the sheet up around my breasts. The room was empty and filled with sunlight. I wandered in, looking about. I wanted to call for her, but I didn't know her name, and I probably would've been too self-conscious anyway. The broken champagne flute was sitting in the carpet with its stem snapped. I looked at it and it made me smile, remembering what happened. I might've thought it was all a dream if it wasn't for the fact that I was waking up in a penthouse suite with the distinct impression between my legs that I had come very hard last night. I continued on into the bathroom, but she wasn't there either. She really was gone. I sighed and let my shoulders slump, still holding up the sheet. I was very disappointed, but I guess I should've known. It wasn't like I had asked her out on a date or anything, and what we did was technically pretty wrong. There had never been any chance it would segway into any kind of relationship. I had been used and abused and discarded like trash, but in all honesty, I couldn't really complain. I turned on one of the taps at the sink and drank some water out of my hand. My mouth was dry as dust and I gulped at the water until I was out of breath. I turned off the tap and stood up, dabbing at my mouth with the corner of the sheet. I looked at myself in the mirror and I had to smile. My hair was sticking up weirdly and I used my wet hand to push it down a little. I was still smiling, but then I noticed something on my neck. I turned my face slightly and leaned a little closer to the mirror. Two little marks. Kind of like bug bites. I touched them but they didn't hurt. I looked at them for a little bit and then I just shrugged and forgot about all them. —