give you a few minutes." I opened an eye. "Huh?" They didn't reply. She rolled over and saw them smiling and then I struggled to sit up. I kept my legs closed and covered my breasts with a forearm, as if I'd gotten shy again. I studied their smiles and somehow I was smiling too. "What do you mean?" I asked them. Alice gave me a look as if I was very silly. "Come on," she said, "you didn't we were gonna stop there, did you? The boys are gonna be out hunting for at least a few more hours. And there's still so many things we can do together." I started at them. "Are you serious?" "Of course we are, aren't we Rose?" Rosalie didn't answer. She hadn't spoken single word since she took her clothes off and she didn't have to. It was all there in her smile, her full, red, haughty, taunting, tempting smile. I shifted onto my knees and tucked my hair behind my ears, forgetting to cover my breasts. I looked at them, one then the other. Then I shrugged and chuckled. "Well, what did you want to do?" I asked them. Alice wrapped her arm around Rosalie's shoulders and drew her close. "It's up to you," she said. "Anything you want." "Anything?" "Anything at all." I stared at them. My face was frozen in an incredulous grin. The sun had moved off behind us and they were bathed full in sunlight. Sparkling. Naked. Pink nipples on twinkling tits and legs like pearl. A startled chuckle came out of me and I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand as if I was hungry. "Okay," I said. — It was hours before we returned to camp and I almost didn't want to go. A weird feeling settled over me as we washed off in the pond but I didn't mention it. We had pulled our clothes directly onto our wet bodies and then we hiked back to the campsite. The boys were just getting back from their hunt, Emmett bouncing up and down as if they were coming back from the fair, and I was glad that Edward couldn't read my mind because it was all I could think about. Alice had said it was no big deal—just a special encounter between close friends—but it didn't feel like no big deal to me. Edward gave me a hug and my skin kind of crawled. I figured I was just ashamed. Because despite what Alice had said it kind of did feel like cheating. To me, at least. I watched Alice and Rosalie with their husbands and nothing at all seemed to have changed for them. Did that mean I was different? The trip didn't last much longer after that. It was long hike back down the trail and soon we had to set out if I wanted to be back by dark. Alice and Rosalie led me back down the trail, thought light and shadow, and this time I wasn't really looking at their faces. I was looking at how tight their jeans were around their super cute butts. It was almost dark by the time we got back to my house. Alice walked me to the door and by now she must've noticed that something wasn't quite right. The sun was setting beyond the row of houses across the street and there was only the fainted glimmer on Alice's face. Tomorrow it would be overcast again. "So," she said, treading carefully "You're cool with what happened? No weirdness?" I nodded and hefted my pack. "Sure. I think so." "You think so? I didn't answer right away. Butterflies fluttered up in my stomach and I gave a shrug. "Well, I don't know," I admitted. "I never thought I'd ever do it with a girl. Does this mean I'm bi?" Alice smiled and shook her head. "It means whatever you want it mean," she said. "Don't label yourself, okay? It's not important. Just remember it for what it was. A special moment between three very close friends. Okay?" I nodded. "Okay." "You gonna come hiking with us again someday?" The was a definite suggestion in the question and I didn't answer. I just blushed and cocked my thumb at the door behind me. "I better get inside," I said. Rosalie was leaning against the fender of the car, like she had been yesterday morning, and her hair was orange in the last of the twilight. I lifted a hand to wave and she smiled and waved back. Alice saw it and turned back to me. "I think you and Rose are gonna be much better friends from now on," she said. "See what a beneficial experience it was?" I chuckled. "I hope so." Alice looked into my face for a moment and she placed a quick kiss on my lips. "Night, Bella," she said. "If you wanna talk about what happened, just give me a call, okay? I want us to be as close as possible." For some reason that little platitude made me heart race and I didn't trust myself to answer. I just nodded. Alice smiled at me again and winked and then she turned and skipped across the lawn. Rosalie got in the car and Alice climbed in the other side. She waved at me as the engine started and I waved back. Rosalie looked at me, sparing me a smile, and then she pulled away from the curb. I watched them go, using my head to shield my eyes from sun. The car went down the road, revving quietly, and turned the corner. Then it was gone, along with it's beautiful passengers. I stood there for a long time, thinking. The sun sank and I let me hand drop. Think about what happened, what it meant. I was confused about everything but there was one thing I was positive about. That I absolutely had to do it again someday. —