pussy was soaking wet and begging for attention, and I moaned loudly into her vagina as her tongue entered me. I came first, but that didn't stop me from eating her out. I barely even paused, I just groaned into her and kept going, digging my fingers in her buttocks and sucking at her pussy while swallowing down her arousal. She kept going as well, and I came again just as she did, both of us moaning at the same time into each other's entrances as we shared our fourth and final orgasms. After than I was really exhausted. I'd never had so much sex in one night in my life. I flopped back with my eyes closed and felt her dismount off my face. I breathed in the fresh air and I was almost disappointed not to be smothered in her scent any more. I opened my eyes and rolled over. She was sitting on the edge of the bed and I felt a sharp pang in my heart. "Are you leaving?" I asked. She turned and looked at me over her bare shoulder. Her eyes were dark and lidded and her lipstick was completely smudged away. I had sat up in the bed with a handful of sheet over my breasts and I hoped I didn't look too desperate. She looked at me for a second or two, smirking, and then she rose from the bed. "I was going to get you some water," she said. "Is it just in the fridge?" "Yes, but I can…" She giggled and gestured for me to stay in the bed. "Stay there, I'll be right back." I nodded, biting my lip. She didn't bother putting any clothes or any underwear, she just turned and left the room with me staring at her naked ass in flat out amazement at how perfect it was. Then I felt another pang in my heart. It was really weird, but I thought I was kind of in love with her. That's what it felt like. I really didn't want her to go, not without getting her number. We had a chemistry together, didn't we? She had told me that she often had one night stands, but this had to be a little different? Didn't it? I didn't know, but while she was gone I quickly fixed up the bed. From out in the kitchen I heard the cat hiss loudly, and I cursed under my breath. I had just put my panties back on when the woman came back into my room with a smile and a bottle of water. "I think your cat hates me," she said. "Maybe," I giggled, "but my pussy sure loves you." It was a dumb joke, a very dumb joke, and I was mortified as soon as it was out. She paused to look at me weirdly, but it was only for a split second and she was much too graceful to mention anything. She handed me the bottle and moved past me to climb back into the bed. "So does that mean you want my number?" she asked. I had twisted off the top and now it was my turn to freeze. "Um, sure," I said. "I'd love your number. Do you want mine too? I got my phone, I can…" "Don't worry about it now," she said, giggling and flipping back the covers for me to get into the bed as well. "We'll talk about it tomorrow. You don't mind if I stay here tonight, do you?" "Um, no, sure, that's great." I was nodding and I took a sip of the water. The sip reminded me how thirsty I actually was from all that panting and I quickly started gulping. I was standing by the nightstand, naked but for my panties, and she was watching me from the bed. I realized she was waiting for me and I tried to drink faster until I started coughing. "Sorry," I sputtered, wiping my mouth with my wrist. "Thirsty." She smiled, a large smile that exposed her little fangs. "I'm thirsty too." "Oh," I said, offering the water. "Here." But she only shook her head and put the bottle on the nightstand before taking my hand and tugging me into the bed. "I don't want water," she said. "I want something else." "Like what? I think I've got some beer, if you…" "No, no, no, nothing like that," she said. "Come here." I had only just sat down in the bed when I felt her hand clench roughly in my hair. My heart spasmed in panic, but I barely even had time to register what she was doing before she wrenched me around and dove at my neck. I screamed out loud as her teeth pierced my skin. I tried to twist away, but she held me tightly, and somehow her legs had wrapped around me. I bucked and writhed, but I couldn't get away. She moaned deeply into my neck and I could feel my blood gushing out. I went cold all over from the shock and I whimpered as I tried once more to thrash her off. But she clung to me with all her limbs wrapped around my body, lips fastened to the gash in my neck, and I was losing strength like something enwrapped in the draining embrace of a succubus. The fear was fading as well. All I could feel was the warmth and softness of her naked body, and it felt so good. Part of me knew that I should've kept fighting, but the rest of me didn't want to. I was already lolling, my body limp and rag dolled. Her grip in my hair was loosening, but it didn't seem to matter. My eyes were already falling closed and I didn't want to resist. Her lips felt nice at my neck and I let my head fall back to expose more of my throat as I faded away into her arms. —