up to see her bestfriend Zafrina enter the shop. Tall, black, cocky and confident with a smirk that never seem to leave her lips. She noticed Angela talking to that guy and she went over to Alice and cocked a thumb in that direction. "See that? That's why I told you never to date a straight chick." "We broke up, Zaf. She can talk to whoever she wants to talk to." "Did you ever at least have sex with her?" "Nah. She wanted to keep trying but I could tell it was going nowhere." Zafrina shook her head and tore a piece from a muffin and popped it into her mouth. "Well, I told you not to even bother." "I know, I know. Hey, you wanna come try out this gym I've been going to? There's a chick there who might be into me, but I need to consult your finally honed gaydar before I talk to her." "Sure." They went on Sunday morning, the only time Alice could be certain the woman would be there, and together they mounted treadmills side by side and took turns glancing over their shoulders at that woman on the exercise bike. Many times they would catch the woman looking over and it didn't take long for Zafrina to come to a conclusion. "Oh yeah," she said. "That's a gay woman right there if I ever seen one." "You sure?" "Totally. She's staring at your ass right now. And considering I'm right here next to you, you should take that as a huge compliment." Alice giggled and did feel quite complimented. Next to the tall Nubian beauty beside her she did feel mildly outclassed but the woman on the bike seemed to have eyes for Alice only. "You don't think she might be a little old for you, though?" Zafrina asked. "No way. An older chick is exactly what I need. Someone who's got their shit together and knows exactly what they want from a relationship. Someone mature and understanding. Someone with nice big boobs." "Well, she's got that last one covered. Everything else is speculation." "You think I should ask her out?" "Sure, why not?" "Well, what if she's not single?" "Then why would she stare at you?" "I don't know. Do you really think she's staring at me?" Zafrina chuckled and hit a couple buttons on the controlpanel and came to a stop. Alice halted her own treadmill as well. "Alice," Zafrina said, blotting her sweaty forehead with a towel. "She can't keep her eyes off you." Alice grinned radiantly with her face all red and bright from the exercise. Zafrina smiled as well and stepped down from the treadmill and grabbed up her bag. "Alright, I'm gonna shower at home," she said. "Good luck." "Thanks, Zaf." Alice waited till her friend was gone and then took a drink of water from her bottle and wiped her forehead while sneaking peeks across the gym. Nervousness was fluttering in her stomach and she couldn't remember feeling like this since highschool. Finally she screwed the cap back on and stowed the bottle in her bag and started over toward the woman on the bike. Bella looked up and her heart stopped. The girl was… …coming over? Instantly her heart restarted and kicked into panic. She didn't know what to do. She kept cycling, hoping the girl was only going to pass her by, but she didn't. She smiled directly at Bella and made her way directly to Bella's side. "Hi," she said. Bella had only seen her lips move. Everything else was dim in her ears as if she were slowly sinking underwater. With a shaky hand she tugged her earplugs out of her ears and swallowed a gigantic lump in her throat. "Excuse me?" "Hi," the girl said again, speaking loudly over the noise of the gym. "I'm Alice. I noticed you from over there, and I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go out for a drink sometime?" Bella couldn't reply. Her pumping legs faltered and came to a stop as if her body were simply failing. She couldn't believe it. The girl had asked her out. As if it were nothing. As if… "Um," she said. The girl took this for reluctance and held up her hands. "I mean, it's cool if you don't want to, I was just…" "No, no, it's just… I'm not… I mean, I don't…" Bella's tongue felt like a fish flopping in her mouth. It was too thick. It didn't fit. The girl had raised her pretty little eyebrows and she was waiting. "Okay," Bella said. "Okay what?" "A drink. Sure." The girl nodded and gave a giggle. "Great. Well, let me give you my number. I don't want to interrupt your workout. Just give me a call sometime, okay?" The girl had taken a fashion magazine from her bag and she scribbled a number on one of the pages and tore it off. Bella was sitting there on the bike. Swaying. Dizzy. Throbbing all over. Every muscle pulsating. The girl handed her the scrap of paper and their fingers brushed in a crackle of sparks that shivered through her like electricity. "Thanks," she said. "Sure thing," the girl said. "Bye." "Bye." "Oh, wait. What was your name again?" "Bella. Just…Bella." "Okay. Call me, Bella." "I will." The girl was walking backwards and she waved once, a cute little wriggle of her fingers, before turning and heading toward the change rooms. Bella stared at her butt till she was gone. Then she looked down at the number she was holding in both hands in her lap. She looked at it for a long time and then she slipped it into her pocket and started cycling again with weak and wobbly legs. — AN: Well, that's chapter one. I slimmed down my style a lot for this one, because like I said, it's supposed to be a draft for a novel. Any comments appreciated. Thanks. :)