turned to her. "Hey, what's the matter? You seem nervous." She stopped walking. We were underneath a tree with a bough overhanging the lane that cast a rustling shadow over our shoulders and dresses. She look hesitant but determined—kind of like how she looked when she insisted on paying her half of the check. "Well," she said. "It's just… it's getting late, and…" "And what?" "The truth is…I'm not sure if I'm ready to have sex yet." I blinked at her. Something inside me was shrivelling up and dying. "I don't understand," I said. "Are you saying you're a virgin?" "No, no, no, not a virgin," she said, half chuckling. "Nothing like that." She seemed reluctant to go on. My throat had tightened to the point where I had to cough to clear it. "Then, um…it's just me you don't want to sex with?" "No, no," she said quickly. "It's just…" She hesitated again and this time I was too lost to urge her to continue. She sighed and looked at me apologetically with the shadow of leaves stencilled across her face like a black veil. "I'm sort of on the rebound," she explained. "It didn't go well with my last girlfriend. It wasn't even her fault, really, we were just in two separate places in the relationship. I was in love with her, and she, well…wasn't." I nodded slowly. "Okay." "The point is," she went on, "I'd hate to be hurt like that again. And if there's one thing I've learnt about myself, it's that I'm not the kind of woman who can have sex without becoming attached. Which means I need to know this is serious…before we go any further. I mean, I still don't really know you. We met on the internet, and…" She trailed off, hoping that would be enough. And it was. I understood quite clearly. No ass for me tonight. To say I was crushed was an understatement. I was devastated. Shattered. In all my three hundred years, I had never had such bad news. How could this be possible? I had been waiting for it all night. Longing for it. Needing it. Dimly, I realized I had never wanted a woman so much as I wanted this one right now. I was so hungry and thirsty and— "You're disappointed," she said. I was pretty sure I hadn't been crying but perhaps I had lost track of my facial expression for a moment. I regained it now, though, and quickly shook my head, even forcing my mouth into a smile. "No, no, no, it's fine," I said. "I completely understand." She looked at me. She gave a weak smile. "But you are disappointed, aren't you?" She seemed to sense I was faking, but she wasn't mad, so I allowed a little of my actual feelings to the surface. "Well, maybe a little," I admitted, flickering my eyes at her sexy body in her sexy red dress. "I mean, I really like you, and…" She looked aside shyly, suddenly looking very young and girlish. I could tell that she would probably cave if I even made the slightest move on her but I couldn't do that to the poor thing. "But listen," I said, taking her hands and drawing her eyes to mine. "I'll admit, my own attitude on sex may be a little more casual than yours, but I'm perfectly capable of respecting your feelings. Above all, it has to be right for both of us. Or it won't be right for either of us. Right?" As corny as it sounded, I was actually very sincere. Nothing turned me on more than consent and mutualness. And the way her face lit up suggested she probably felt the same. So, yep. No ass tonight. "Thanks," she said, relieved. "That really means a lot to me. To be honest, I would've changed my mind pretty quick if you were even just a little pissed off." I suspected as much. Dammit. But I chuckled and rubbed her hands a little. "That won't be necessary," I said. "But that doesn't mean we can't fool around a little, hm? Come on, let's sit down." There was an iron bench nearby, between two lampposts, and we walked toward it with our hands clasped and sat down. I took her face in my hands and smiled with a hidden sadness at how cute she was. Such a pity. I had really been looking forward to rubbing my pussy all over that pretty face. She blushed anew at the scrutiny and offered a tentative smile. "Are you sure you don't mind waiting a little bit?" she asked. "No," I said, smiling to make her feel better. "I can tell you'll be worth it." It was the right thing to say and she wasted no time pressing her lips to mine. My heart gave a sullen throb but I couldn't deny that even just a kiss of her soft and sensual lips was a true delight. I parted them with my own and deepened the kiss with my tongue. She moaned a little and even allowed my hand a liberty or two up her dress, stroking the outside of her thigh, higher and higher, until I was reminded of the underwear she had chosen to wear tonight. That lovely red lace thong. I toyed with the waistband of it and fought very hard not to burst into sobs. How could she wear such a taunting pair of panties without any intention of taking them off? Underneath that innocent exterior was a saucy vixen indeed. I would have her eventually, oh yes. The concept of abstaining from sex for emotional reasons was mostly lost on me, but I understood the art of making a girl happy, and I would wait however long it took for her to be comfortable. Ripened fruit is the sweetest, and I could tell simply from the taste of her mouth that she would truly be worth the wait. —