asked. "I don't know," I muttered, focusing on the steaks. "It wouldn't start." "And you couldn't walk?" "It was raining." "You could've called me to give you a ride." "You were at work." "Well, you can't just skip school because of a little car trouble, Bells." "The truck didn't start, dad. What else was I supposed to do?" I switched off the stove sullenly. He frowned but he appeared willing to let it go. For now. Soon I had dinner on the table. We sat and ate, mostly in silence. We had never been the most talkative family, but with my moods lately, things were a little strained. He didn't approve of being depressed over losing a boyfriend. Neither did I, but I bet it was far easier to be judgemental when it wasn't your own heart that had been ripped out of your chest and stomped into the floor. It was more than just a boyfriend I lost, anyway. While we were eating, my phone buzzed. It was in my pocket. I had a fleeting hope it might be Alice. I didn't have many other friends that I was in contact with. But when I pulled the phone out and checked, I saw it was just a text from Angela. Where were you today? I sighed and put the phone back in my pocket without replying. I'd reply later. Or maybe I wouldn't bother. Stupid question, anyway. If I wasn't at school, where else would I be? Home, durr. "Who was that?" dad asked. I shook it off as if it wasn't important. "Just Angela." After dinner dad went out to inspect the truck with a flashlight and the pretence that he knew anything at all about repairing cars. I did the dishes and went upstairs to play a bit more Pokémon. Gotta catch all those little fuckers. I was trying to build a Fairy-type team. Fairies are awesome. I'd never been much of a video game person, but the little handheld had been a lifesaver these last few months. It kept my mind off everything else. Like the Cullens. God, I was never going to get over this. It was just such a shitty thing to happen. I mean, it wasn't just a boyfriend and a bestfriend that I lost. It was my hopes, too. My future. My dream of being a vampire. Immortal. Eternal youth and beauty. Edward might've even been my soulmate. And not just Edward. Alice, too. With Alice we would've been BFFs literally. Best friends forever . How awesome would that be? And then there was all the rest of the Cullens. I hadn't spent much time with the others, but Emmett seemed to really like me, and Jasper did as well—when he wasn't dying to rip my throat out, at least. I sighed, sitting on my bed with my back against the wall. I understood why they had to leave, but it wasn't fair. It just wasn't. Meanwhile dad was finished outside and he had come upstairs to give me his professional opinion on the truck. He saw I had my iPod on and knocked on the door to get my attention. I pulled the earbuds out. "Truck's all fixed," he said. "What was wrong with it?" "Battery cable was loose. If you had called Triple A, they could've fixed it in two seconds." "I didn't think of that." "No, you just thought about skipping school." I breathed out through my nose and stared at the handheld in my lap. Dad breathed out through his nose as well, exactly the same as I had, but it was him who softened first. He came into the room a little and sat down on my bed. I looked up grudgingly. "Look, Bella," he said. "I understand, okay? Edward's gone. And I know you miss him, but…" "It's not just Edward, dad. He took his whole family with him. Alice was my best friend." He nodded. Half smiled. "Yeah. I always liked that Alice kid. She always made you smile. Which is more than I can say for Edward." I smiled as well. Sadly. Alice had done more than make me smile. She had made me blush. She had made my heart race. She had made me wonder if I… "But still, Bells," he went on. "Life happens. Friends come and go. You can't let it affect you." "I know. I'll be fine, dad. I just miss them." "Well, try to cheer up, okay? I hate seeing you so down." "I will. I'm sorry." He gave me another rough father-like smile and then he rose from the bed and went to the door. He turned back and lingered for a moment. He did that sometimes. Whenever he ran out of things to say, it always took him a moment or two to realize it. "Well," he said. "I'm going to bed. Night, Bells." "Night, dad." "You gonna be up much longer?" "Nah, I'll be in bed soon." "Alright. Sleep well." "You too." He closed the door partly and continued down the hall. I looked down at the game in my lap. I was gonna keep playing for a little bit, but then I realized I could probably sleep if I tried, so I turned it off and decided to go to bed too. Sleep was even better than video games to keep my mind off everything. Sometimes it was the only thing in a day that I looked forward to. Just a nice night of blankness. Before turning in, I went to the bathroom and brushed my teeth quickly. When I was done, I spat into the sink and looked into the mirror. I looked pretty sad, even to myself. Pale. Empty eyed. No wonder dad was worried about me. I wanted to look away, but I couldn't do it. My eyes were tearing up. I blinked them. God, I missed her. I missed her so much. Fuck Edward. It was Alice I wanted back. —