alright." No. It wouldn't. They don't understand. My visions are never wrong.. but I can try to change them. Uncle Charlie can't find out about them... No matter what. I tried to detangle myself from the person but they held on alittle tighter. I needed to get the car paid for it and go food shopping. I needed to. That what Uncle knew what I was doing... and if I come back without them... I just got here. Just thought that I would be accepted. Suddenly the arms reluctantly left me, but their presence still lingered. It did things to my body, even though I was in shock, and I didn't know why. I never acted like this. My hormones never acted like this and it was all going too fast. I didn't even know them. I couldn't even thank them even though I wanted to. I suddenly felt calm, complete and utter calm for the first time since I could remember. "Do you still want the car or not?" The rude salesman asked. I opened my mouth, with my eyes still downcasted on the ground, but a pleasant voice stated it for me, "Yes." I saw one of the blondes, the older one take out a black card and the salesman eyes were wide. "Y- Yes, sir." No, I couldn't let them do that. "Shh." A pale hand snaked it's way around me, pulling me to him. I looked but at the muscular built one but my eyes fluttered closed when I felt his cock grazing my folds leaving me gasping. Nobody did that before. It felt so good. My body shivered in pleasure as I noted my body wasn't feeling empty like it always did. "You are too hot for your own damn good. I'm Emmett. That's Jasper," The honey blonde one that seemed lust was pouring out of him, "and Edward." The bronze. "Carlisle is the one in the room." "Seems she not only has visions ... but she's a succubus.. a virgin submissive one at that." Edward murmured too low for me to hear that all I heard was a hum, delicious growls from the other two followed by Emmett grazing my magic spot again this time harder as I mewled like a cat who finally got what she wanted. I was wet, and as turned on as I was, I knew this wasn't the time.. or place. I just didn't want him to stop. I didn't know when carlisle came back but when I heard another voice that had a well covered up english accent, I knew it had to be him. I felt his hand snake around my stomach from behind and started to play with the skin under my shirt and alittle under my jeans, playing with my baby blue thong strap. "They are right. It's not the time or place." He said and whispered in my ear then, "But we promise we will do it to you soon. We will taint you, would you like that?" Oh, God. Yes. I moaned, but when I looked up they were gone. I felt things in my hand and realized it was keys and a piece of paper telling me I owned the exact car I wanted. I got in and drove to the food market, feeling empty. I huffed and scoffed at my lack of control. Way to go, Cortez! But it's their fault, they were the ones being sexual. I went back to the feeling of Emmett's hard cock hitting just exactly where my special spot was. I never felt this way. Boys usually annoyed me. Gah! I got home and after I put everything away, made spagetti and after we ate I took a well deserved cold shower. I thought about them. All four of them, imagining them doing things that I could only imagine. My finger was small and thinner than the size I wanted, and I wondered what about them sent me to do this. It was something much deeper than attraction. My inexperienced hands made me feel wierd as I touched myself. But it wasn't enough. Suddenly I felt a powerful wave of lust wash over me that I didn't know where it came from, nor was I questioning it. My one hand grabbed my left breast tightly while my other hand started to lightly stroke myself until it became to much. I squirted all over the place, satisfied. I wrapped a towel around me, dropping it when I was in front of the dresser. I put on a thong. It was black with silver champagne bottles on it and put a lacy black bra. I looked up and parted my red tinted lips in shock as I caught four pairs of black eyes. I turned only to find they weren't there anymore. I shook my head, climbing into bed. I quickly searched the future only to find nothing out of the ordinary. I drifted off to sleep under the dark blue covers not noticing that the beautiful red eyes had come back in four groups of two. I like smut. And who says they can't tease. :) they are just getting her worked up so when they take her she will love it. She will try and find her way through her emotions. But being a virgin with a succubus power is conflicting her. She thought that no one could match her , and now she sees that she is wrong. I'm not trying to hurry the smut. I am trying to have the smexy Cullens tease her before they take her. To see how she reacts to them, even if she thinks it's wrong to have sex with four sexy people, the Cullens ~ Vampires ~ don't see that. But they will. And it's not all smut. They comforted her. So don't worry even though they just met, they are trying to get a reaction out of her. ... and they sure did that. :) Please review.