them. The teacher backed away and turned to face the rest of the class. "Okay, good work everyone. Bring your calculators next lesson and we'll do some more work on these equations." There was a loud scrapping noise as the class pushed their chairs under the desks. Melody walked in front of Renesmee and turned to her and said "Hey, why don't you hang with me? We have break now so me and my friends will just go hang in our tutor room." Melody smiled as she spoke, Renesmee wasn't entirely sure what to think about her, she seemed nice and she was being kind but then again she had been asked to look out for her, so it could all be fake. Renesmee followed the girl down the corridor and into another classroom. Two other girls were already in there. Melody introduced them as Laura and Hannah. They all sat on top of the tables and were quickly joined by two more girls which were introduced to her as Jessica and Shanice. Melody introduced Renesmee to the girls and they all smiled and said hi. The room went quiet for a moment until Shanice spoke. "So um Renesmee," She struggled pronouncing her name but continued none the less, "How're you finding Ridgeway High so far?" She seemed quite confident and Renesmee noticed a small shield shaped badge pinned to her cardigan that said 'head girl'. "Err it's okay I guess, bit different from my last school though." Jessica, a slim brunette girl, was the first to pick up on Renesmee's accent. "Are you from America by any chance?" She asked in a gentle voice. "Yeah, I am actually, um I'm from DC." The girls all nodded muttering a little. Renesmee couldn't help but feel like an intruder, these girls were obviously very close and they clearly felt a bit awkward with someone new in the group. Just at the right time the bell rang. Renesmee glanced quickly down at her class schedule checking what her next lesson was, geography. She looked up, most of the girls had gone, it was just Melody and Laura left standing there. "Geography?" Melody asked. Renesmee nodded. The girls left the classroom and went through a door that led onto a stairwell. They all walked down and out into the playground they walked across to one of the other colleges that Renesmee had been shown earlier. She walked slightly behind the other girls. She was watching Laura intently. Laura she had decided was definitely two-faced. She was smiling and being nice, but her eyes betrayed her, they were harsh and cold. She walked like she was the best person in the world, Renesmee decided she was probably quite stuck up as well. They walked into the classroom, Renesmee was given a book by the teacher, a small young lady who introduced herself as Miss Lawrence. She was told to sit next to a rather grumpy, tired looking girl called Layla. Geography passed rather quickly, as did registration and lunch. PE was a little more interesting, her class was playing badminton. Renesmee was paired with a shy and slightly nervous looking girl called Hayley. Renesmee loved badminton she'd been playing for years, she used to play against Jake down on the beach in La Push. Playing badminton reminded her of him and she began to miss him more. The last hour of school passed very quickly. Her last lesson was English, her teacher Mr Carl sat her next to a tall boy called Callum. Callum was nice enough, but he struck Renesmee as one of those types that thinks he's so perfect and popular that he can get away with anything. But anyway he didn't bother her, they just sat together and worked together when necessary. It wasn't long before the last bell went. Renesmee gathered up her stuff and followed the crowds of people to the main gate. She began walking down the road, but stopped when she heard someone calling her name. It was Melody. "Hey," Melody said as she caught up, "the others walk the other way. Do you wanna walk together." Renesmee smiled "Yeah sure." She replied, grateful that she wouldn't look like a complete loner walking on her own. Melody smiled. "Usually my mum picks me up, but err today well she decided to tell me last minute that she would be busy, so I'm stuck getting the bus. What about you? Are you getting picked up or?" "Nah I'm getting the bus as well. Both my parents will be at work, so I've kinda got no choice." "Hmm, so anyway sorry about earlier. Ya know at break. The other girls well they're a bit, umm anti-social. It's really frustrating sometimes." "It's okay. Umm is that the bus?" "Where? Oh yeah it is. Run?" Melody looked at Renesmee as she asked. Renesmee nodded and they both sprinted down the road towards the bus. They made it just in time and got on laughing as they tried to catch their breath. after ten minutes Melody pressed the bell. "Are you not getting off?" She asked. "No. Not yet. See ya tomorrow though." She replied smiling. melody nodded and smiled as she got off the bus and began walking down the road. The bus pulled away from the stop and drove off. When it reached the final stop Renesmee got off and got onto another bus that would take her home. Sitting down she took out her phone and glanced down at the black screen, just at that moment a message flashed up and her wallpaper became visible, a collage of pictures of her and Jake. She smiled slightly and then slid the message icon across the screen opening the new text. She looked down at it. The message was from Jake 'Miss you x' it said. A grin spread across her face, I miss you too, she thought sadly to herself. Thanks for reading, please leave a review annaisawesome and xem98x