hand alone seemed to be the same length as my entire body, managed to coo my name in the softest of whispers as he rocked me within his giant arms. When I was finally returned to my father, I mimicked the faces around me and pulled my lips up in a smile as I reached up to press my palm to his cheek. My mind ran wild with all that I wanted to tell him: everything from the magical way that my Jacob smelled to the first moment that I heard his voice within my mother's womb danced across my mind and projected into his. With six pairs of golden eyes on me, I turned up to my father's with one final memory acting as a question: My mother's eyes as they slowly fluttered closed and I was pulled from her arms. Where was she now? My father smiled as he nuzzled his nose into my cheek, "You'll meet her soon," He assured me before pressing a gentle kiss into my hair. "She showed you something, right?" It was Rosalie whose hand caressed the length of my arm now, her smile instantly replaced by something I couldn't quite understand. "Wait… Does she…?" Leaning in, the blonde ran her fingertips through my hair once more, her lips pursed. "Her hair is longer." She noted, seeming somewhat stumped by her observation. My hand reached out and circled my father's thumb, bringing it to my mouth and sucking lightly as all eyes turned to examine me with skepticism. "Babies grow, Rose," spoke Emmett, his voice a low boom that shook with slight amusement. "Not that quickly, they don't. " Carlisle spoke now, his handsome face showing concern that matched Rosalie's. "It is subtle, but there's an obvious change in her face, as well. It's as if the advanced progression of Bella's pregnancy is still in effect." "What does that mean?" Esme asked, her hand instantly reaching out to smooth over my father's shoulder reassuringly. "When will it slow down?" "Is she going to keep growing like this?" It was my Jacob now who spoke, his voice and eyes full of panic as they darted between me and my grandfather. Carlisle's lips pressed into a hard line as he pondered their questions, "There's no way to be certain. Renesmee is one of a kind; there are no previous cases such as this to reference." "So, what, Doc? She just keeps growing and growing until she's not a baby anymore but this little old woman. There has to be something we can do." "Jacob, please, calm down." Again, it was Esme who placed a consoling hand on his quivering shoulder. "We'll figure something out." Carlisle assured no one in particular before disappearing into the adjacent room only to return moments later with a seamstress' measuring tape, "Until then, we'll simply have to keep track of her growth. Maybe then we can figure out the rate that she's growing and perhaps some way to stall it." Holding one end of the tape at the top of my head, he stretched it until it met the tips of my toes. Releasing yet another grin, I stretched in my fathers' arms, allowing him to asses my entire height only to be met by his mystified stare and proud grin. As the day moved on, I was met every hour by the same cloth measuring tape. I would stretch out my legs and remain as still as possible until Carlisle had recorded the measurement and rewarded me with a warm grin. I was fed from the same metal bottle as before and passed from one pair of arms to the next. The sun rose high in the sky before retiring for the evening and the crickets took over the song for the birds as they settled into their nests. My sensitive eyes took in every detail of every second, committing each miniscule detail to memory and replaying it all as I slept comfortably within Rosalie's arms. For two days this routine went continued. Until on the third day, just after being measured and fed, the room became incredibly still. I craned my neck in attempts to see around Jacob as he planted himself firmly between me and whatever had caused the change in air. Closing my eyes, I took in a deep breath and was met with a scent that I had known my entire existence. My mother. With the recognition, I began to squirm within Rosalie's arms in order to see her. I placed my palm to her cheek and willed for Rosalie to take me to her, wanting nothing more than to be in her arms at that very moment. A forced a small whimper when Jacob finally stepped out of the way and my father took me into his arms, his golden stare intent on holding my attention and causing me to calm instantly. "I want you to meet someone very special, Renesmee," He spoke soothingly before granting me with a handsome smile and placing me in an unfamiliar set of arms. My pink lips stretched excitedly as I looked up to meet my mother's gaze. She was even more beautiful than I remembered her. No longer was her face distorted with pain and fatigue, but replenished with life. She was the most beautiful person I had ever seen and she was my mother. I cooed softly and lifted my hand to her cheek, her face jolting back slightly when the first of the images passed between us but then stilled as swirls of color and sound soon filled her thoughts. "What was that?" She breathed. "It's how she communicates." My father explains - his tone full of pride. "But… How?" "How do I read minds? How can Alice see the future? She's gifted." "She's perfect," My mother smiled as she rocked my gently in her arms and I lifted my hand to her cheek once more, eager to show her all that she had missed.