warm spring sky. The phone in her pocket began to rang, and Jane and Alec turned expectantly towards her. "Judging from the ringtone, that must be Felix" Corin fished her slim phone out of the pocket of her jeans and answered. Felix's pleasant voice reached three pairs of enhanced ears. "Corin, Aro wants you and the atomic kids back home, we have a visitor." "Finally, real business" said Jane, relief in her voice. The three proceeded to the gate of the graveyard, the twins ahead and Corin following from behind. She could tell that Alec was in a good mood. Unlike his sister, who was walking with stiff shoulders on the stone path, Alec hopped with grace from tombstone to tombstone, making comments about people long dead that he had known and nobody else in the world remembered now, finding faults with their sculpted likeness and kept trying to steal the small pearl clip from Jane's hair. He never did that with anyone else but her. Even though Corin had known Alec for centuries, there was a part of him that would forever belong to his twin and only to her. Alec was not a particularly playful character, but he jested and horsed around Jane to amuse her. Alec would burn the world to see his sister smile. " For still she haunts me phantomwise, Alice moving under skies, never seen by waking eyes " he recited, circling the tombstone of a little girl. He didn't remember who she had been. Children died a lot back in the days. One more soul for heaven. What do children do in heaven? "Keep doing that and one will follow us home" warned Jane in a voice that clearly advised compliance. They left the cemetery and its crickets behind and began walking on Porta Diana street. Like almost all vampires, the trio did not like walking at human speed but dura lex, sed lex , as Caius would say. In earlier times, they would have ran like the wind on the then-paved street, as long as they could not hear any signs of human presence on their path. Now, human technology was everywhere, meticulous and invasive, recording reality through camera lenses. "Wonder who this visitor is" Corin asked nobody in particular, as they made their way onto Piazza del Bastione . Somewhere on the steps of the Roman theatre, a group of men were chatting loudly. "Heaven sent." "Jane, you wound me. I cannot possibly be that boring." "It's not about you, Corin" Alec was quick to interject. Jane gave him a look before replying: "I just don't like to waste my time in a graveyard and be harassed by some ghost child who obviously takes too much advantage of its lack of body." "I just don't understand you, Jane. Didn't you two have psychic powers before you were-" "That was different" Jane cut her off. "The mind is a powerful thing. Now I have had quite enough of this talk." Corin could feel the needles looming closer to her skin now. "I do hope we get to go somewhere, whoever this visitor is" Alec slid gracefully between the two and gave them his arms. Corin gave his a grateful squeeze as they reached Matteloti Street. They crept along the brick walls with the art gallery and the still-open Etruria restaurant and the half dried potted plants below the iron cased glass panel filled with old film posters. Night in Volterra was a game of blue and orange and light and shadow in a maze. Once they reached the square, Jane led the party in a winding alley and down the open hole at the end. Alec winced as the metal grate automatically slid into place. "That thing is too loud" he said as they made their way through the dark tunnel which they knew by heart. "Your hearing is too good" Corin was checking the time on her phone. "We should hurry, I'd hate for them to start without us." They shot like arrows through the darkness, barely touching wet stone and dirt, water drops colliding with their foreheads. By the time they stopped in front of the massive wooden door that led to the hallway, Jane's feet were wet from the puddles she had stepped into while running. She kicked her sandals away and entered the hallway barefoot. They boarded the elevator. Jane gave her dress a blank stare and muttered something about cloaks. "Greetings and salutations" chirped Corin as the elevator doors opened and they entered the office. Afton looked up from his desk, a pile of papers as thick as a telephone book in his hands. "How did the experiment go?" There was genuine curiosity in his tone. Ever since Gianna had been disposed of, a great part of her responsibilities had fallen on Afton's shoulders, at least until a new woman seeking immortality applied for the job. Afton was not happy with the arrangement and it was Corin's job to sprinkle a little contentment in his direction. They all knew why he was in the Guard in the first place. "So and so. One spirit tried to contact Jane via her left ear" answered Corin as she made her way to the coat hanger in the corner and grabbed the three cloaks hanging there. Afton did not have the courage to appear amused. The three donned their cloaks and Corin gave Afton a friendly pat on the shoulder as they passed him and headed to the end of the hall. After more walking, they stopped in front of the concealed door. Alec slid the piece of paneling and opened the wooden door that led to the Main Hall's antechamber. Jane grinned at him, her eyebrows raised in anticipation, took his hand and pulled him through, followed by Corin. As the three vampires stepped into the light of the Main Hall, they came face to face with the most unusual visitor the Volturi had had in a long time.