Grey's full lips curled into a smirk as the other blonde extended the napkin out to her "...You can reach 'Tera' on both her home and cell numbers. She's keen" Scowling, Alexia snatched the napkin out of Grey's hand, scrunched it up into a loose ball and casually tossed it off to parts unknown on the club's floor. While Grey sighed heavily and slumped on the couch, she snagged her whiskey tumbler off of the table surface and downed the chilled amber coloured liquid in one. A Sicarri didn't need sustenance of any kind to maintain their strength but they were perfectly able to consume most forms of nourishment. She savoured the burn of alcohol as it slid smoothly down her throat. She turned to face Greyella, a derisive sneer curling her full pale pink lips. "Is that your way of forgetting the reason why you're in exile, Grey?. A different female every hour on the hour?. Taking each day as it comes rather than finding an actual purpose in life?. How is that working out for you?" Alexia set her glass back on the table, upside down. She already knew Grey's answer, wondering aimlessly through life was not the Sicarri way. She arched a brow mockingly at the golden haired Sicarri beside her, knowing precisely how much the younger female wanted a return to her real life even if it involved facing those who cast her out. Birds of a feather fly together and all that. Grey pursed her full lips slowly as she reached up a hand to trace a finger down the elegant silver scar running down her pale cheek. Alexia took a shallow breath as the night Grey had received the now healed injury raced through her mind's eye. It was part of Greyella's punishment for the crime of falling in love with the wrong female. In hindsight, Grey was lucky to have been exiled from Theïkós with a scar and the promise of execution should the girl ever return absent an official summons. The Council of Five, made up of five members of the most prominent Houses, had demanded that she kill Grey for 'defiling' one of their own noble daughters. But The Council of Five held no real political power, the Councillors' only purpose was to provide her with reports concerning the over status and troubles of their Houses, and cadet branches of their Houses, to her. However The Councillors had considerable influence and while she could easily go against their wishes the act would result in a shit storm that she would rather avoid. As their Prima, the Sicarri as a nation were her responsibility. It was her duty to safeguard and preserve the laws and traditions they had lived by since the dawn of their creation, to be the foremost example of a true Sicarri, and to act as Judge and Executioner when necessary. By their laws, Grey was culpable for corrupting a female of higher standing than her own but the Father of Grey's 'victim', a Councillor no less, had taken matters into his own hands when he had wounded her gravely enough to leave a scar. Like a human police officer attacking a suspect, that premature act of violence against Greyella had invalidated any trial that might of taken place. It had been a fortunate turn of events for Alexia. She would have protected her Protégé at any cost but she would never have withstood her own self-loathing if she had been forced to defy the laws of her people to defend Greyella. Grey distractedly trailed the tip of her slender forefinger down the slim silver scar running down the left side of her face. The younger female's jaw clenched visibly to stifle a primal noise of yearning. The other blonde's demeanour changed from playfully lecherous to nostalgic so quickly it sent a pang of something almost maternal rippling through her. Alexia reached out and gently rested her hand on Grey's shoulder as the other female tensed noticeably on the over-stuffed couch beside her. It wasn't compassion that moved her, Alexia assured herself, it was duty. She had sworn to look out for the kid like she was her own. Grey leaned into her touch as she squeezed the younger female's shoulder a little tighter than was necessary, "I know this isn't the life you want, Grey. So I ask you, do you want to come home?" The offer she made was like extending a piece of candy out to a young human child after a seven day fast. It wasn't really a choice. What she offered Greyella was life, the benefit of her protection, a home. What orphan didn't long for a home?. Grey's uniquely coloured eyes latched onto her like a dying flower searching desperately for life-giving sunlight in the depths of a dank dusky cave. The younger female nodded slowly, "Whatever it takes, Prima" Alexia removed her hand from Grey's shoulder and leaned back on the leather couch, "Do you know how many families turn on each other, blame each other, when a child is taken away?" Alexia drawled. Grey's brow crinkled into a confused frown. Alexia's smirk was one of icy malice, "My mate comes of age this week. Her place is at my side. You will join me when I take my mate away from Akasha and her family. The whole race despises Akasha for what she did to Jodelle, and I have a feeling her daughter, Bella, will hate her just as much when I steal Ashley away. Akasha is going to know the agony of losing everyone she loves before I kill her, at last" She ran her tongue over her vicious-looking fangs, anticipation filling her with adrenaline. Grey's eyes lit up knowingly, "Jodelle was beloved of all our people, whoever hurts her killer..." "Exactly..." The Prima interrupted. Swiftly and regally rising up to her feet, eager resolve flashed in her cold, dark eyes "...Now lets go raise some hell." TBC. . .