"What's there to do around there?" "More than you'd think, actually," I smiled to myself as I recalled the fishing trips that my dad and I used to take when he was home from tour. "It's in the mountains, so there's a lot of skiing, snowboarding and such." "That sounds like fun," she responded just as one of the armed security guys came over to me with a slip to sign. "Thanks," I smiled at him before turning back to Sue. "Yeah, it was fun - that is, when I decided to go or was dragged along. I was more of the kind of girl who was buried in her books while adjusting her microscope." "Really?" she studied me. "I guess I can picture that." We laughed and began to wheel my belonging out of the security office and down the hallway towards the bank of elevators. The living quarters didn't have as much security as the lab did, so it didn't take more than a swipe of my keycard to get us down to the right floor. "Yours is number 1427," Sue pointed out as we entered the 1420's. "Stop right here on your right." I stopped in front of the entryway that mimicked a hotel suite's and used my credentials to unlock the door. It made a quiet buzzing sound and then a 'click' before it pushed itself open a couple of inches. Taking in a deep breath to prepare myself, I pushed the door the rest of the way open and stepped inside, relishing the first glimpse of my new accommodations. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the L-shaped apartment, figuring that it would have been a lot smaller and simpler, especially since it already came beautifully furnished. It had a narrow entryway that immediately opened up into a spacious living room/dining room combination with a small kitchen off to the right with a breakfast bar. The warm color combination with the unique furniture designs gave it a homey feeling, a complete contrast to the stark white in the hallway. A glass wall with sliding doors separated the bedroom from the rest of the apartment and had a spacious ensuite that could be entered from both the bedroom and livingroom. "There's a button on the light switches that frosts the glass so that no one can see into it incase you need the extra privacy." Sue explained as she came up from behind me. "Thanks," I smiled, turning to face her, "For everything, I mean. I have to admit that I was feeling really nervous about coming here and accepting this job since it's so out of the ordinary, but you've really made me feel welcome." She appeared humbled by my statement, a soft blush rising to her cheeks as she replied, "It's no problem, really. I remember what it was like for me when I first took this job, and I have to say that if I had someone to make the transition easier, it probably wouldn't have been so hard for me to adjust to this place." "How long have you been working here?" I wondered. "About six years, now," she replied. "I started out as an assistant to the old Director of Human Resources, and when he retired, they offered me the job." "How long ago was that?" "Nearly two years ago." "And you really like it here?" I pressed, still feeling anxious about this new position in such a bizarre, but prodigious company. "I do," she answered honestly and genuinely. "It might not be admissible for some, what with us being so far away from civilization and not being allowed to discuss the deeper aspects of this place with anyone, but the perks by far outweigh any of that - in my opinion, at least." "Yeah, I guess I can sympathize with that," I shrugged in agreement. "And the perks are pretty great." SInce the company was also funded by the government, the benefits and insurance rates were over the top, not to mention the weekly salary. She let out a long sigh, "Well, I guess I'll leave you to unpack." She gestured at the L shaped desk that took up the corner. "The employee handbook, as well as the directory are in the top left hand drawer." "Okay, thanks." "Also, I'm in room 1363, right around the corner, if you need me or just want to talk and hang out," she informed me as she made her way towards the entryway. "Definitely," I agreed, walking beside her until we stopped in front of the door and bid her farewell, gently shutting the world out behind her. I made my way over to the large four-poster bed and collapsed onto it with a loud sigh. This was it. I had finally arrived after weeks of preparation, physicals, vaccinations and background checks. It all came down to this, and I was finally here and ready to start my new life working at this makeshift Area 51. I just hoped I was making the right choice. A/N: Off to a good start - or so I hope! How did you guys like Jasper and Bella's first meeting? How will their relationship progress? Any thoughts on the underground compound? Review and let me know what you think! If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! To see more, go to my FF and Wattpad pages under the penname: Xo Bella Italiana oX If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will accept OC characters as well depending on the other lead character. I will also except other genres depending on the characters and the plot. PM me for details! - Bella'Xo Xo Bella Italiana oX