I can muster. From this day forth, I solemnly swear to be the best husband that I can be, and to love you until my last breath." Lilly was radiating so much love for me that I had to force myself to breath and catch my breath. I never knew that someone could love me so much and the feeling was the best in the world. It was now Lilly's turn to recite her vows and I waited with baited breath as she began, "Before we met, I could never understand what was missing in my life, but I could feel it in my soul. The moment that we met, I knew that I was finally complete and that you would be the other half to my soul; my missing piece. I became humbled that someone could love me as much as you do and from that moment on, I promised myself that I would be everything that you needed me to be and that I would always stand by you in any situation. Even if it is some silly bet with your brothers," We all laughed as we remembered the last bet that I insisted on making with my brothers and how after losing so badly, I had to dress up as a girl, a hideous one at that, and go in to a restaurant and eat a meal. Well, Lilly surprised us and took pity on me by dressing up as a man and pretending to be my date and helped me eat the meal that I ordered. It was one of the sweetest things that she had done for me and it only made me love her more. Emmett took pictures of us and had gotten a lot of looks and stares that night, but she did it for me and it made me realize how she would really stick by me through everything and anything. "From this day forth, I promise to be the best wife that I can be and to love you every day for the rest of my life. I vow to always be loyal to you, to cherish and adore you, and to show you as much happiness and love to you as you show me every day of forever until my last dying breath." I gave her a loving smile and sent her my love that she returned through our bond and brought her hand up to kiss once again. "May I have the rings please?" Mr. Webber asked and held out his hand. We both turned and got the rings and handed them to the priest to bless. "Bless, O Lord, this ring to be a sign of the vows by which this man and this woman have bound themselves to each other; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. " He then gave me back her ring and I placed it on her finger as I spoke the words that we rehearsed with Mr. Webber. "Lillian Elizabeth McLean, I give you this ring as a symbol of my vow, and with all that I am, and all that I have, I honor you, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit." Then it was Lilly's turn. "Jasper Andrew Whitlock, I give you this ring as a symbol of my vow, and with all that I am, and all that I have, I honor you, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit." Mr. Webber then joined our hands together and said, "Now that N. and N. have given themselves to each other by solemn vows, with the joining of hands and the giving and receiving of a ring, I pronounce that they are husband and wife, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. "Those whom God has joined together let no one put asunder." We all spoke then, "Amen." "By the power vested in me by the state of Washington, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride." He said nodding to us. I removed her veil and brought her lips to mine in a sweet kiss. It was like we were the only ones there; no one and nothing else mattered. I held her tightly to me and brushed my fingers across her face. Finally, Emmett's booming voice broke us apart, "Get em!" He yelled and we broke apart laughing as we pressed our foreheads together. "May I now introduce for the first time, Mr. and Mrs. Jasper Whitlock!" Mr. Webber announced and everyone stood up clapping. We made our way down the aisle together and everyone congratulated us on our marriage. I never smiled so much in my life. I was happy, I was in love, I was married. A/N: So, what did you think of Jasper and Lilly's wedding? I thought that this would be a good place to start. This is the sequel to my story 'Dhampir'. If you haven't read that story, I suggest that you do in order to understand this story. If anyone has any questions or comments, feel free to post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! Check out my other stories! 'Attempting to Covet' 'Dhampir' 'Far Fetched Realities' 'Mirror Image' 'Other Worldly Beauty' 'Perplexing Revelations' 'Pretexting' 'The Heart's Desire' NEW! 'The Major' 'Twilight ReVAMPed' If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will make exceptions on the characters depending on the plot. I am also now accepting Phantom of the Opera FanFictions that include Erik! I will also be accepting Titanic FanFictions featuring Jack, and Law and Order SVU that feature Elliot. PM me for details! - Bella'Xo Xo BellaItalia oX .