him through the fabric as his let out a groan. "My turn." he said flipping us over so he was on top, sucking on my neck as he removed my shirt. Josh mouth was back on mine, as his hands wandered removing my bra and he started to kiss lower, his teeth teasing me until I finally let out a moan. He removed my pants and rubbed circles on my inner thighs until my underwear was ripped from. Josh was truly amazing at kissing, to bad I would have to kill him. I pushed forward into his hand until he put a single finger into my center, my knees weaking as he slowly inserted two more, not giving me time to adjust but I didn't care. My back arched as my hair fell back around my face as he continued. I slid my hand down his body to his boxers and torn them off. As I gripped his erection slowly moving back and forth, exactly in his same teasing pace. His mouth went to my throat once again, biting hard as I moaned louder. I pulled him down on his back with my surprising strength as a slowly slid down his body bring my nails down with me. I smiled up at him as I took his cock in my mouth, slowly sucking on it, his hand tangling my long hair pushing me closer to him each time. Swirling my tongue around the tip of him before taking him until he hit the back of my throat. Desperate for something I moved my hand lower to myself. "No No pretty thats my job." He said panting as his once again flipped me over as his head went down on me. He slowly flicked his tongue for a while before I couldn't take it anymore so I gripped his hair pulling him closer to my center. He finally stopped teasing, deeper as one of his hands played with my clit and the other roaming my leg."Oh..god" I moaned as I gripped his hair remembering not to hold to tight. "Im going to come" I said as the pure ecstasy ran through me I cried out. He growled in response but let my body run its course, scriming benath him. He once again moved back up to my throat, where he found a spot that cause my sight to blur, and I moved his fingers into me once more as I growled. I raised a leg wrapping it around his thigh to open up more. Rocking against him as I quietly whimpered as the pressure was building again. Josh bite down on the right spot and hit something with his fingers causing my body to arch against him."I get top" he told me which I didn't have much to disagree about. I slowly dug my nails down his back, cause the scent of blood to fill the air, as I slowly started to pump him again, Josh groaned against my neck. He removed my hand as he moved straddling me, he quickly thrusted into me so swiftly that my body arched again, my legs wrapping around his back so he complete access. With each thrust the heat returning again built just like his as he sucked my breast slowly going across my collarbone as he increased his pace. He mouth found a certain spot, below my right ear, sucking harder and harder with the faster he was heart was racing along with his blood. He let out a loud groan at the same time I did before collapsing next to me panting, In one swift moment I broke his neck and drained him dry. "Well that was fun."I said licking my lips. Flashback ends "Really. You shouldn't listen to complete strangers. Bad things could happen." Bella smiled, I laughed at her a smile on my face and the fact that she was worried and she didn't even know me. "Yeah most tend to creepers, but it brings some entertainment beside your vamps and could totally kick their..." I stopped looking at Rensemee " Buttocks." "Well your welcome here and you don't have to risk your lives for us. We just need witnesses." Esme smiled at me to, reminding me of my own mother. She was so adorable like Rennsemee through she was older.. "Yes you are not obligated to." Carlisle added. Slipping his hand around his wife waist, pulling her close to his own body. "Oh I know but I want to." I rocked back and forth on my heels, giving them a smile. "I think shes as hyper as Alice" Emmett said. I laughed because he really had no idea how hyper I truly could get, or really how I am. Truly is just a cover up so they just don't get stunned at first and want me to go away. Just give it time. "Anna is a lot more hyper then this, she just doesn't want to scare us the first day. I can read minds." Edward smiled explaining to me, no actually sure that I like the idea of him able to read my thoughts twenty-four seven. "What a horrible gift, I apologize for whatever goes though this mind of mine. You might go slightly mental by the way." I laughed. "I bet I will. Carlisle, Annabell is very much like Alice, so she can have the extra bedroom we had that Alice decorated and when she can't stand to be around people sometimes so that could work." " I can leave the stuff in my car." I said shrugging as a crossed my arms. "No dear, The bedroom is yours." Esme said her voice is soft. "I really can't..." "Non sense. You will love it and stay there until I tell you that you can leave." I laughed at the young girl. A/ N- So it was as much as I was editing I just wanted to make it slightly better and write more for hopefully the sequel.