up No, the party dont start until I walk in [CHORUS] "This is Gotta Go My Own Way." ~GOTTA GO MY OWN WAY-VANESSA HUDGENS AND ZAC EFRON (DUET BETWEEN BELLA AND ALEC) Bella I gotta say what's on my mind Something about us doesn't seem right these days life keeps getting in the way Whenever we try, somehow the plan is always rearranged It's so hard to say But I've gotta do what's best for me You'll be ok.. I've got to move on and be who I am I just don't belong here I hope you understand We might find our place in this world someday But at least for now I gotta go my own way Don't wanna leave it all behind But I get my hopes up and I watch them fall everytime Another color turns to grey and it's just too hard to watch it all slowly fade away I'm leaving today 'cause I've gotta do what's best for me you'll be ok.. I've got to move on and be who I am I just don't belong here I hope you understand We might find our place in this world someday But at least for now I gotta go my own way Alec What about us? What about everything we've been through? Bella What about trust? Alec You know I never wanted to hurt you Bella And what about me? Alec What am I supposed to do? Bella I gotta leave Alec and Bella but ill miss you Bella So I've got to move on and be who I am Alec Why do you have to go? Bella I just don't belong here I hope you understand Alec I'm trying to understand Bella We might find our place in this world someday but at least for now Alec I want you to stay Bella I wanna go my own way I've got to move on and be who I am Alec What about us? Bella I just don't belong here I hope you understand Alec I'm trying to understand Bella We might find our place in this world someday but at least for now I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way "This is Stand In The rain ." ~STAND IN THE RAIN-SUPERCHIC[K] She never slows down She doesn't know why but she knows that when She's all alone Feels like its all Coming down She won't turn around The shadows are long and she fears if she cries That first tear The tears will not stop Raining down So stand in the rain Stand your ground Stand up when its all crashing down You stand through the pain You won't drown And one day what's lost can be found You stand in the rain She won't make a sound Alone in this fight with herself And the fears Whispering If she stands She'll fall down She wants to be found The only way out is through everything She's running from Wants to give up And lie down So stand in the rain Stand your ground Stand up when its all crashing down You stand through the pain You won't drown And one day what's lost can be found You stand in the rain So stand in the rain Stand your ground Stand up when its all crashing down You stand through the pain You won't drown And one day what's lost can be found So stand in the rain Stand your ground Stand up when its all crashing down You stand through the pain You won't drown And one day what's lost can be found You stand in the rain ~4 songs later... (a/n: Think of it as if that dude from SpongeBob was saying it. and if your not allowed to watch SpongeBob, but your allowed to watch Twilight, slap your parents. JKING!!!! Seriously, don't tell them I said that.) Wow. Bella walked up to us after putting on her shoes. Alec was right behind her. Sometime during their 5th song my siblings came and sat at our table. Alice immediatly got up and hugged her tightly. "That was amazing Bella! There is no ther way to describe it!" when she pulled back, the rest of my siblings hugged her. "Bells, we've gotta go." Alec whispered in her ear. She nodded. "Aw! BB! Do you really have to go?!" She smiled sadly. "Yes. We've got a mission in 3 days somewhere in Brazil, so we've gotta get there before Aro calls a search party..." They said together: "Again." Jen got up and hugged her. "I'll miss you sis! Promise you'll come and visit?" She pulled back and gave her hopeful eyes. "I promise. I'll miss you too. All of you. Bye! Congratulations!" With that she walked out. This is the beginning of my new life with Jennifer Eva Dwyer Denali Cullen. Wow, thats a long name. Almost as long as Alice's. Mary Alice Brandon Cullen Whitlock Hale. I'm very happy I got to see the love of my existence again, even if she is married. So am I now. a/n: Did ya like it?! Did ya like it?! Did ya like it?! I hope so, tell me what you think! I'm sick right now, so I have a lot of free time and spent most of my day typing this up. Check out the songs in this chapter, they're awesome! I do not own any of the songs in this. Tell me if you would like me to make a sequel to this. It could be another one-shot, or a full out story. Let me know by taking the poll on my profile or reviewing/PMing me. I will update Trixie Black sometime this week, Lost and Found when I'm done re-writing the 1st few chapter, thgiliwT whenever I get my Twilight book back from my brother, and You're A What?! whenever I can get my computer to stop hating me and work correctly. REVIEW!!!