with you!" Emmett stood up and kicked his suitcase. "She won't bounce back from this," Rosalie collapsed back on to his bed. She took a deep breath. She looked at her feet and felt the tears swelling. Emmett placed his cigarette in his mouth, took a puff and walked to his bedroom window. He looked out of it and sighed. "Will we?" he questioned. "What?" Rosalie wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and looked up at him. "Will we ever be able to bounce back from this?" "I don't know…" Rosalie admitted. Emmett scoffed. Emmett spun Rosalie and she closed back in. She knew she was looking at everything except him… the first man she had ever loved. She was looking at the guests, the food, the wine. She was looking at decorations and the lighting and the floor. She knew his eyes were trained on one thing. She refused to follow his gaze- to see if his eyes were glued on her sister. "You'll never be satisfied," Emmett said simply as the song ended. "Huh?" Rosalie's head snapped to gaze at him. They each took their step back. "With Jasper," he said simply, "You'll never be satisfied." "I'll fantasize about you," she couldn't stop the words from spewing out. "I'll love you." "At least I get to keep you in my life." "At least try to be satisfied." "Try to be satisfied," Rosalie repeated. Another set of hands closed on her and she spun around to meet her father's gaze. She smiled at him and he smiled back. He was talking to the groom but Rosalie couldn't hear him… or anything for that matter. She felt as if she was underwater and she just couldn't hear or breathe or think. Carlisle was leading her away and towards the wedding cake. She was supposed to be doing something apparently. She was ushered away. People kept hugging her, kissing her cheek and smiling at her. She was led by the bustling crowd, taken with the tide of the sea of people. When she came to stand still Bella handed her a champagne shoot. Rosalie's head had begun to clear. People were gathered around her. She could see her father and Jasper and Edward. Mary Alice made her way beside her and Rosalie took in the bride for what was truly the first time. She had checked out of the wedding although she was standing beside them as they spoke their words of love, some sick cosmic joke to hammer the nail in her distaste for herself. Rosalie smiled faintly. Alice had her hair in some extravagant up do that was simply too much. Rosalie took her in from her head to her feet. Her hair had taken hours. Her make-up nearly as much time. Mary Alice was wearing a gorgeous ball gown like dress with a tiara and lovely veil going behind her. "The toast," Bella whispered and Rosalie shook her head as if to clear it. She hadn't prepared a toast. She licked her lips and swallowed. "A toast to the groom!" Rosalie lifted her chute. "To the groom!' everyone repeated, "To the groom!" "to the bride!" Rosalie smiled at Alice and motioned her glass towards her. "To the bride!' the guest echoed, 'To the bride!" "from your sisters," Rosalie cast a look at Bella, "whose always by your side," Rosalie caught Emmett's eyes over Alice's shoulder, "to your union," she quickly looked away, "and the hope that you provide," Rosalie nodded once towards her father who repeated the gesture. She should have stopped there. She should have put the glass to her mouth and shut up. She couldn't. "May you always be satisfied!" she called. She knew Emmett's eyes were burning in to her and that was why she sought Jasper in the crowd. She hadn't meant to say it. She lowered her hand and watched the people around her take sips of their drinks. She prepared to do the same, but Alice yanked her in and hugged her hard. Rosalie closed her eyes and hugged her back just as tight, holding the glass in her hand so hard she was surprised it didn't shatter. "My sister that's always by my side," Alice repeated. "Always." They released each other and Emmett nodded at Rosalie once before grabbing his new wife's hand and raising it to the guest. He was talking but she had checked out again. She made a few steps away from the couple to give them space. Rosalie watched the festivities. She watched them cut the cake. She watched Alice attempt to feed said cake to her new husband. She watched Emmett watch her whenever he thought the guest wouldn't notice. "He'll never be satisfied," Rosalie said to no one but herself. Bella and Edward were dancing in the middle of the floor. They would be a match. She could see it. Her father was talking to Jasper and a series of other men. The guest were back to their bustling; ladies whispering and men laughing loudly and drinking. She was behind in her drinking compared to most of the people in attendance. She had as good a reason as anyone else to drink herself in to a stupor. She loved Alice. She loved Emmett. Making one happy would make the other miserable. She had chosen Alice's happiness over Emmett's. She had chosen Alice's happiness over her own. That was a consolation- the fact that Alice would actually be happy and not moving around. That was the light at the end of the tunnel. At least her dear Alice was his wife… At least she still got to somehow keep him in her life. Rosalie tilted her head back and drank her champagne quickly before setting the glass down. She regretted nothing. She regretted everything. . "I'll never be satisfied," she repeated to herself and scoffed. She was talking to herself and she wasn't even drunk yet. Pathetic. She scanned the room for Jasper.