newborns. I had just as many scars as Jasper had when I spotted him shirtless one day before the party. He was well built and I wanted to lick him all over, but I took off to Edward's room before he was able to see that it was me. I hoped to this day that I would see one of the Cullen's, because I would love shoving their protection right in their faces. Edward left me to protect me which only damned me anyway. I could laugh at the irony. (Volterra, Italy – 3rd POV) Aro Marcus and Caius were all sitting in the throne room when the doors busted open and one of their messengers came running in and bowed in front of Aro holding his hand out. Aro flitted forward and took the boys hand and closed his eyes. He had seen what was happening in the south and who is responsible for the uprising in the south. They had finally gotten Maria under control when a new Warlord popped up and started a ruckus. Iz, War Goddess of the South. She was said to be stunning in not only beauty but powers as well. Aro had sent many down there but none were able to find her or see her. However he found one in particular that did find what the War Goddess looked like and he was standing in front of them. Aro opened his eyes and smiled down at the messenger. "You have done well and shall be rewarded." He let go of the man's hand as he stepped back to the throne. "You are dismissed." He waved his hand at the young man. The young boy turned and ran from the room. Aro sat there thinking over the information he just received. He looked from Marcus then to Caius. "It seems that our dear friend Carlisle has kept something from us, brothers." He stood and walked over to each brother and took their hands. He pushed the image of a beautiful brunette standing on a small hill looking over a large number of newborns. He woman in the memory was beautiful to be sure but the scars covering her body was what kept your eye. Her hair was almost to her butt and her lips were the color of blood. Her eyes were red as fire. She had a twisted grin on her face as she spoke to another. Her outfit was most unusual for a fighter. They were shorts with long blood panels of fabric in the front and back. The sides of her legs were bare except for the black shorts. Her shirt looked like one long panel that was folded in half to make a shirt. It stopped just above her belly button. Aro pulled his hand away and looked at his brothers shocked faces. "That cannot be the human that Edward wished to kill himself for." Caius spat. "If it is then why is she in the south and causing problems?" Aro shrugged. "I do not know but I will find out." He then turned and headed to his study. He would need to call his old friend and find out if he knew about young Isabella or Iz as she liked to be called now. If Carlisle did he would pay for his crime. They had promised that Bella had been killed because of the fact she complete disappeared from Alice's radar. Aro and Marcus had went to bat for the Cullen's thus the reason Edward left and found that he was Alice's mate and that Alice and jasper were only great friends. Jasper had stepped aside however he came and went from Volterra, Texas and where ever the Cullen's were at the time. Aro sincerely hoped that Carlisle did not know about this because he would have to hate to kill one of his fledglings. A/N: We hope that you have enjoyed this first chapter of Overwhelming Darkness. It is a little dark but we promise that Bella will be bad ass. Her clothes are rather hard to describe... it is a pair of shorts with a long flap in the front and back. The shorts are black while the flaps are blood red. Her shirt is also difficult... it is one long wide panel of fabric that is folded in half and sown to make arms and cut to make a neck place yet it looks professionally done. Hope that clears up everything if not let us know... If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! To see more, go to either page: Xo BellaItalia oX or Xo Bella's Collaborations oX Check out my other stories! 'Attempting to Covet' (REVISED) 'Dhampir' COMPLETED! 'Far Fetched Realities' 'Mirror Image' 'Other Worldly Beauty' 'Dhampir: Broken Moonlight' (SEQUEL) 'Perplexing Revelations' 'Unimaginable Outcomes' 'Pretexting' 'You Promised Me Forever' 'Intricate Beauty' 'Never What It Seems' 'The Major' 'Twilight ReVAMPed' Check out my Collaboration's as well! 'Flashbacks' 'Unbreakable Faith' 'The Heart's Desire' 'Elemental Bella' 'Overwhelming Darkness' NEW! 'The Alpha's Mate, Crystal' 'The Chronicles of the Fallen' 'Death is Only the Beginning' 'Instinctual Reactions' 'How You Make Me Feel' 'Undisclosed Desires' If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will make exceptions on the characters depending on the plot. I am also now accepting Phantom of the Opera FanFictions that include Erik! I will also be accepting Bones featuring Agent Seeley Booth, Dawson's Creek, Titanic FanFictions featuring Jack, Snow White and the Huntsman featuring Snow White or Eric (the huntsman), The Ghost Whisperer that feature Melinda and Law and Order SVU that feature Elliot. I will accept OC characters as well depending on the other lead character. PM me for details! - Bella'Xo Xo BellaItalia oX