and they've been after my family for centuries. We've lived in Folly Beach for less than a year now. We have had to frequent different locations. We're at constant risk of attack and have lived our lives in fear, hiding ourselves away on the night we're most vulnerable, when we're completely human. I swallowed my tears back and pulled my phone from my pocket. I needed Edward. He picked up instantly. "Do you remember when we were seven years old and you convinced me to let you paint my nails?" He answered cheerfully and I wanted to cry out of happiness because he was just what I needed. "How could I forget?" I grinned at the memory, so incredibly thankful for the distraction. I heard him snicker, "I must've had it bad for you even then because there is no way on earth I'd ever let anyone do that again." I blushed, "It was glow-in-the-dark polish. Please, you totally enjoyed it." "I'll never admit to it," he remarked. "I decided to get some things from my old house and stumbled across a picture from that day. You're wearing pigtails and had tons of freckles all over your cheeks, hence my nickname for you, Freckles." I inwardly groaned at my childhood nickname. I pretended to hate it but deep down inside, I loved it when he called me that. "Bring it back with you?" I requested, picturing our child-like faces. Home was over a thousand miles away from Folly Beach. We'd lost so many sentimental items in our haste to abscond from the Volturi. "You bet," Edward accepted. "It's tucked away for safekeeping. How are you doing?" I shrugged, not really sure if I felt like going in to detail. "I'm okay. Your distraction helped a lot." "I figured it would." "How'd you know I needed one?" I inquired, playing with crumpled leaves from the ground. "I don't know, I just felt it. Besides, I needed one just as badly," he answered distantly. We were always tit for tat, had this unexplainable connection. I knew that being home would be hard on Edward. Home was a constant reminder of our losses. Edward was surrounded by them and the worst part was that he had gone alone. He said it was something he needed to do, that he needed closure and going by himself would provide that. It was my turn to reciprocate. He needed me just as much as I needed him. "Have you gone to the cottage yet?" I deflected, picking at the grass around my feet. "More than once," I could hear the smile in his voice and I knew my tactic was successful. "That's where we first kissed." It was also where I told him we couldn't be more than just friends. "Speaking of distractions," he drawled suggestively, his voice deep and rich. "I wouldn't mind reliving that memory." I could still remember how his lips felt like on mine, soft and sensual, but masculine and strong at the same time. I raised my eyebrows in response, blushing again. "I think you made a wrong turn on Memory Lane." "I never have been one to follow directions," Edward pushed and I snorted, rolling my eyes. "Don't I know," I chuckled, recalling memories of the trouble he'd get us into. "Thanks for talking with me," I changed the subject, hoping Edward would follow. It was always hard talking about when we were together. It made me wish I'd never broken up with him to begin with. He didn't miss a beat. "I'd do anything for you. Not a problem." "You always know just what to say," I added honestly. He laughed. "Of course I do, I'm perfect." I bit on my tongue to refrain a sarcastic remark. "Besides, we're like milk and cookies, baby. Our souls just jive together." I let out a laugh, "More like salt and pepper." "Keep telling yourself that," he chimed. "Either way, we're a package deal. You can't live without me." "It would be a fate worse than death," I released a dramatic sigh, earning a chuckle from the other line. "Damn straight," Edward agreed whole-heartedly and I ended the call with a smile spread widely across my face. " Edward was the one person I could let in. It's difficult to truly show another person all of you – the pieces you're ashamed of, the portions you're proud of. It's easier to pick out the pretty pieces and camouflage our imperfections with false hope and happiness. Hiding who we truly are is like committing suicide against ourselves, convincing ourselves that it's easier to choose not to deal with the reality, all the while losing ourselves in the process. Placing what we struggle with most in the dark is perhaps the biggest sin we could commit against ourselves. While the rest of my family hid their mental and emotional pain and damage, Edward and I took the opposite approach. We wore our emotional vulnerability like a mantle, offering ourselves to one another openly. We were each other's best friend, protector, confidante, comforter, encourager, and kindest critic. He took the edge off my trauma and I, his. I'd sacrifice anything for him to have a normal life and for my family to as well. We'd gone through so much the last year. If you could be positive that all hardships, pain, and difficulties you encountered would lead you and the ones you loved to boundless happiness…to what extent would you be willing to suffer? How much would you be willing to surrender? How much would you be willing to lose? My name is Isabella Swan. My answer is e verything. Author's Note: It's been years since I've written on Fanfic and I can honestly say it feels really good to be back! I hope you enjoyed my first chapter. Many more to come for this story! This will be very different and out of character. Alternate universe. No vampires. But there will be immortals. -Chelsea