of who Isabella is to us, he is going to be the one giving her the divorce papers rather than myself." I said. "Yes Major. You are right in your assessment. I have the feeling that she isn't going to be signing anything without putting up a fight. Tell me sir, why not you be the one to give her the papers rather than Jasper if you don't mind me asking." The Captain knew better than to be a smart ass with me so I knew his question was generally asked. "Not that it is any of your business, and I know you and your mate are not fans of the seer at all, but she has done a lot for Jasper regardless of her manipulations and recent disregard for Jasper lately. She deserves to be let down by him since he is the one she has been in the relationship rather than me. She has only ever met me on one other occasion when the tracker had our mate in Phoenix." I explained with an irritated tone not liking being questioned. "Goin' soft, sir?" He teased. "Never! And I am not going to discuss this situation any longer. I must go attend to my mate and help her through the change. Jasper will talk to you soon enough I assume." And with that I hung up. Going soft. Me? Never. I never agreed with the relationship Jasper pursued with that seer. But waiting for our mate, there was no way we could go all those years without a good fuck. Even with her boyish body, it felt good to get a release. I then immediately turned my attention to Isabella and lay down on the bed beside her and pulled her to my chest. I then started to concentrate on taking the all the pain I could from her into myself while sending calm, lethargic and euphoric emotions out to her. Though now we both were in pain together, I kept in my head that any pain I could take from her would be less she would have to endure. A/N: So, what did everyone think of Chapter one? What do you think will happen when Bella wakes? What about when Edward learns the truth? Review! If anyone has any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! Check out my newest stories! 'Death is Only the Beginning' what happens if Bella never makes it to Forks because Maria snatches her before she can make it to the airport? Being Jasper's mate, the Cullen's were expecting her and find out that she has been kidnapped and forced into the Southern Vampire Wars. Will they be able to save her from the hell that they know is coming or will chaos erupt when the God of War returns to the South? J/B 'Letting Go & Giving In ' Isabella Swan is in love with her best friend Jasper Whitlock, but he is dating someone else. Will they find their happily ever afters with each other? Will they let go or give in to the love that is obviously there? Read and find out! Jasper/Bella All Human 'Instinctual Reactions' What would happen is Jasper was the one to find his true soul mate in Renesmee instead of Jacob? How would things be different? After Nes grows up, she & her Major learn what true love is even with all of the hurdles that life throws at them, especially when word gets out that the God of War found his mate. And what of the Volturi? Will they take what happened without retaliating? Renesmee/Jasper 'Fear Doesn't Rule You' Years after the Cullen's leave, Bella is trying to adjust to life after college. However, Victoria has other plans. Jasper Whitlock comes to her rescue and he helps her heal only to bring more drama and horror than most can handle in one life time. Not to mention, a little romance as she learns what it means to be the mate of the most feared vampire in existence, the God of War. Jasper/Bella 'The Chronicles of the Fallen' Collab w/dramaqueen1917: When Isabella becomes one of the Fallen, she becomes separated from her mate. She searches the world for him only to find out that he has been bitten by a vampire working for Lucifer. He no longer remembers her or who he is & she has to integrate herself into his life to remind him of his true purpose & who they were together. But that is only the beginning... Jasper/Bella To see more, go to either page: Xo BellaItalia oX or Xo Bella's Collaborations oX Check out my other stories! 'Attempting to Covet' (REVISED) 'Dhampir' COMPLETED! 'Far Fetched Realities' 'Mirror Image' 'Other Worldly Beauty' 'Dhampir: Broken Moonlight' (SEQUEL) 'Perplexing Revelations' 'Unimaginable Outcomes' 'Pretexting' 'You Promised Me Forever 'The Heart's Desire' 'Intricate Beauty' 'Never What It Seems' 'The Major' 'Twilight ReVAMPed' Check out my Collaboration's as well! 'Flashbacks' 'Unbreakable Faith' 'The Alpha's Mate, Crystal' 'Letting Go and Giving In' 'The Chronicles of the Fallen' 'Elemental Bella' 'Death is Only the Beginning' 'Fear Doesn't Rule You' 'Instinctual Reactions; 'How You Make Me Feel' 'Undisclosed Desires' If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will make exceptions on the characters depending on the plot. I am also now accepting Phantom of the Opera FanFictions that include Erik! I will also be accepting Bones featuring Agent Seeley Booth, Dawson's Creek, Titanic FanFictions featuring Jack, Snow White and the Huntsman featuring Snow White or Eric (the huntsman), The Ghost Whisperer that feature Melinda and Law and Order SVU that feature Elliot. I will accept OC characters as well depending on the other lead character. PM me for details! - Bella'Xo Xo BellaItalia oX