me nodding my appreciation before stepping up to the high counter that separated us from the receptionists' desks. "Can I help you, girls?" A middle aged red haired woman asked as she approached the opposite side of the counter. Bella nodded, introducing the two of us. "Yes, I'm Isabella Swan and this is my siste-" "Ah, you're Chief Swan's daughters." she says interrupting her and I nod in confirmation. She turns away and makes her way over to a filing cabinet, sifting through the files before she turns and walks back to the counter, handing us our schedules. I looked down at the schedule in my and felt satisfied with what I saw. I had AP Calculus, which was expected, because it was the same math class I was taking back in Arizona. I also had Physics, PE II, US History II Honors, and Spanish. Bella thanked the woman behind the counter after receiving our instructions and two pink slips for our teachers to sign, as well as a map of the school with a pink highlighter marking all of the school's exits, and we left the office, comparing schedules. "She said that your interpreter will meet you in your first period and to have all of our teachers sign this and to bring it back at the end of the day." she says, handing me the pink slip and I nodded. We continued to look down, comparing our schedules "We have lunch together, at least." she says and I shrug. I didn't expect to have any classes with Bella, as her glasses were more general, aside from her AP Biology 5th period, but I'm glad that we at least have lunch together. Eric appeared, walking back over to us and looks at our schedules. "Oh, I have biology, too. I can take you there." he offers and then looks at my schedule "You have AP Calc? And you're a sophomore?" he asked, looking surprised and I nod. "She's a Junior, like us." Bella corrected him. "She skipped a grade." The warning bell rang, or at least I think it did, cutting our conversation short as everyone started rushing towards their class. "I'll see you at lunch, Lil." she says and I nod before looking at the map in my hands and walking towards the Language building. When I got in the class, I'm met with the curious stares of all the students as I walk over to the teacher. I meet my interpreter, Mrs. Connors who has a warm smile which makes me feel more comfortable. She doesn't hover, which I'm grateful for, but she does help me out if I need it. The first couple of periods go by pretty quickly as the classes are about the same as in my old school. I passed Bella a couple of times in the hall and saw that some kids have taken an interest in her, one of them being Eric. Some of the kids watched me, as well, studying the quiet new girl and I felt a bit uncomfortable, but quickly shake it off. I finally got to the one class that I was really looking forward to - Calculus. Math has always come the easiest to me, which is why I took courses over the summer so that I'd be able to skip classes and get ahead. Next year, I'll be able to take a college level math. I walked into the classroom and saw that it's full of upperclassmen, which intimidates me immediately, but then I see Mrs. Connors, who offers me a kind smile, relaxing me a bit. I walked over to the teacher, Mrs. Ryan, handing her the slip and she signs it before doing a double take as she reads it. "You're a sophomore?" she asks and I nod with a shrug. "You know this is AP Calculus?" Again I nod. "Liliana is technically a sophomore, but has skipped a head to the upperclassmen curriculum." Mrs. Connors clarifies to her. She raises her eyebrows and looks back at the paper, recognition lighting her eyes as she reads my name. "Liliana Swan. Oh, you're the Chief's daughter." she says and I can feel the stares of the students in the room increase as they land on me. I blushed a bit before nodding as she looks around the room. "Eh-hum...you can take a seat next to Mr. Hale." She says to me and then gestures towards the seat near the window, a couple of rows from her desk. "Mr. Hale, please raise your hand." I look around and see a pale hand raise lazily and follow it until I see the face that the hand belongs to and I almost fall over… A/N: So, what did y'all think of the first chapter? Yes, I know that it's a lot longer than the original. I hope you like it just the same! Since we are nearing the end of Overwhelming Darkness, I had decided to take on this story when Jalen put it up for adoption, having been with her since the beginning and couldn't resist the opportunity to help it come to an end! If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note at the bottom of the chapter! To see more, go to my FF page or my Wattpad (my Wattpad stories have pictures posted with each chapter of a scene from that update, so check it out!) page under the same user name: Xo Bella Italiana oX If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will make exceptions on the characters depending on the plot. I am also accepting other story topics as well! PM me for details! - Bella'Xo - Xo Bella Italiana oX