now used was our grandpa swan's old room that he slept in when he was living with Charlie before he died. It was a little bit smaller than mine and had been painted purple recently for Bella's benefit instead of the old green color that it used to be. She had a small dresser, a bed, a rocking chair from when we were babies, and a desk that now held a secondhand computer, with the phone line for the modem stapled along the floor to the nearest phone jack. This was a stipulation from our mother, so that Bella didn't have to borrow my lap top every time she emailed mom. There was only one small bathroom at the top of the stairs, which we would have to share with Charlie. I was trying not to dwell too much on that fact. One of the best things about Charlie is that he doesn't hover. He left us alone to unpack and get settled, a feat that would have been altogether impossible for my mother. It was nice to be alone, not to have to smile and look pleased; a relief to stare dejectedly out the window at the sheeting rain and let just a few tears escape. I wasn't in the mood to go on a real crying jag. I would save that for bedtime, when Bella would crawl in to my bed and talk about the day and the coming morning. Forks High School had a frightening total of only three hundred and fifty-seven - now fifty-nine – students; there were more than seven hundred people in our junior class alone back home. All of the kids here had grown up together – their grandparents had been toddlers together. We would be the new girls from the big city, a curiosity, an outsider. Maybe if we looked more like girls from Phoenix should, we could work this to our advantage. But physically, we'd never fit in with how the rest of the girls looked. I should be tan, sporty, blond – a volleyball player, or a cheerleader, perhaps – all the things that go with living in the valley of the sun. I had gotten my fair share of boys asking me out on a date, which I never accepted, but was more than Bella had ever had. She never understood why I would say no, and I would always end up explaining that I was waiting for someone I really liked to ask me out one day rather than just saying yes in order to obtain popularity points at school. We were both ivory-skinned with slender bodies, but soft somehow, obviously not an athlete. Bella and I were fraternal twins. We were both the same height and build, but my hair was fell down just under my ribs and a darker brown than hers and I had Renee's blue eyes, while Bella had Charlie's brown ones. Our tastes in clothing differed also, though neither of us was fashion crazy like a lot of the girls we went to school with. I dressed in what I was comfortable in, designer or not, I didn't care, but I thought I had good taste anyway. Bella was more of a T-shirt and jeans kind of girl. When I finished putting my clothes away in my closet and armoire, I took my bag of bathroom necessities and went to the communal bathroom to clean myself up after the day of travel. I looked up at my face in the mirror as I brushed through my long, tangled, damp hair. I never had a problem with acne like most girls my age did, and it was one thing that I really liked about myself, along with my large blue eyes. I didn't relate to well to people my age, aside from Bella, and that was because she was a lot like me in that aspect. Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was just a glitch in my brain. But the cause didn't matter. All that mattered was the effect. And tomorrow would be just the beginning. I didn't sleep well that night. The constant whooshing of the rain and wind across the roof wouldn't fade into the background. I pulled the faded old quilt over my head, and later added the pillow, too. But I couldn't fall asleep no matter how hard I tried. Around midnight, I heard the creaking of my bedroom door and peaked my head over the covers to see Bella quietly closing the door before turning around to face me. I lifted up the covers and scooted over towards the other side of the bed and she scampered on to the bed and under the covers with me. Finally, the rain finally settled into a quieter drizzle and I was able to fall asleep. A/N: So, what did you think? I'm curious to see what everyone will think about this story. If you have any questions or comments, post them in my reviews and I will answer them in my next Author's Note! Check out my other stories! 'Attempting to Covet' 'Dhampir' COMPLETED! 'Far Fetched Realities' 'Mirror Image' 'Other Worldly Beauty' 'Dhampir: Broken Moonlight' (SEQUEL) NEW! 'Perplexing Revelations' 'Unimaginable Outcomes' NEW! 'Pretexting' 'The Heart's Desire' 'Intricate Beauty' NEW! 'The Major' 'Twilight ReVAMPed' If you enjoyed this story so far, check out some of my other stories on my FanFiction page! Also, I am still accepting Twilight stories that involve Jasper/any female leads or Bella/selected male leads if anyone is looking for a Beta Reader. I will make exceptions on the characters depending on the plot. I am also now accepting Phantom of the Opera FanFictions that include Erik! I will also be accepting Titanic FanFictions featuring Jack, The Ghost Whisperer that feature Melinda and Law and Order SVU that feature Elliot. PM me for details! - Bella'Xo Xo BellaItalia oX