but Bella doesn't think about it. She tries very hard not to. In fact, she thinks of them so little, she's not entirely sure what possessed her to do this in the first place. But she's up on the roof, her shoes in one hand and a bottle in the other. "This is a decidedly bad idea," she sings to the moon and tips the bottle towards the sky as if she's toasting it. Her arms swing wide as she twirls on the roof and - she's flying again, up so high like that day in the tree. She can see well into the woods surrounding the tall mansion and it's the most exhilarating she's felt in a long, long time. With a flick of her wrist, her shoes sail through the air and down to the lawn below. "I'll tell you something," she says to the moon quite seriously. "It hurt. More than the hand. It hurt bad. Still does. Sometimes I can't breathe." The moon listens patiently and a smile slides onto Bella's face, wistful and bittersweet. "I think I liked it better when she tore out my heart." Bella brushes her fingers over her chest, squeezes her eyes shut. "Hurts too much to have it back." The trees around her spin and she takes another sip from the bottle to try and keep up. Her toes hang over the edge of the roof and she holds her arms up, tilting her head back to the stars. "I bet you, even, that it would hurt more than falling off this roof." "Let's find out." Bella gasps and twists on the spot, looking over her shoulder. A flash of red has Victoria across the roof, the snarl on her face enraged and heartbroken, her clawed hand swiping across Bella's face and sending her over the edge. Suspended in the night air, Bella waves her arms as the ground comes up quick. Her heart jumps up into her throat, the backs of her eyes burn bright like a flame is held to them, and her entire body feels like painful pins and needles. She braces her arms over her face a moment before impact. . . . It did hurt pretty bad, she notes. Worse than she thought it would, but at least she's alive. Well. She thinks she's alive. Only the living felt pain, right? If she's in this much pain, she must be alive. It makes sense. The sun on her face, warm and glowing against her closed eyelids, however, does not. Bella blinks dark eyes up at the blue sky. She closes them quickly again and her fingers rubs them under her glasses. Blue sky greets her when she opens them and - "Oh, shit!" Bella gasps and flings her arms over her face at the intruder. "Finally, you're here!" a soprano voice chirps and Bella's stomach flips while her broken heart seizes in her chest. She cracks an eye open to peer up into a pair of electric blue ones and the brilliant smile that accompanies them. The human smile that accompanies them. "You kept me waiting, you know. Hi. You call me Alice." "Uh..." "Don't get up, I'll come down to you." Alice drops to her knees - one on either side of Bella until she's straddling the taller girl, hands braced on either side of her head. Bella opens her mouth to ask if she's insane, ask just what the hell is happening, ask Alice why she left, why she's with Jasper, why Bella was ever born in the first place. Was she destined to hurt this much? Warm, chapped lips capture her own instead. Bella's eyebrows shoot up in surprise, a strangled noise trapped against Alice's lips that move with hers surprisingly gracefully. The pixie pulls back before Bella can do much of anything. "What was that for?!" Alice tilts her head to the side, blue eyes flicking over Bella's face curiously and eagerly. "Because you kiss me when you land here." "What? What?! Why?" She sits back on Bella's lap, tapping her chin thoughtfully. With a grin, she swipes her tongue over her lips and hums. "You taste of alcohol, I think you're drunk." "Or dead," Bella breathes, her hands on the pixie's hips. "Not yet." She rolls her eyes. "So dying." "Aren't we all?" Alice counters with that damn mischievous smile Bella knows too well. But it's different. It's human. Alice is human. "Not you," Bella tells her softly. She sits up, holding Alice more in her lap while the pixie locks her hands behind Bella's neck. Blue eyes trace Bella's lips, travel back up to her gaze with an intensity she's only seen on Alice's face a handful of times before. "Lucky me." "What the fuck." Bella shakes her head. "Alice. Alice! Why are you human?" "What else would I be?" Alice asks curiously. "Not-" Bella bites her lip. No. No... Impossible. No! That's not... what the actual fuck. No. "No. You're. Okay. This isn't. Fucking hell, Alice, what year is it?!" Bella demands, if only to quash this idle thought then and there. "Silly girl," Alice hums and taps her nose. "It's nineteen twenty." . . . What's this? What's this?! Madness, I tell you. It's an impulse, really. It's sad. I couldn't resist. It's also a oneshot for now because I have a few other things on my list I want to get to first, but I couldn't finish the next chapter for Aconitum without posting this first. So keep an eye out for that. ALSO. OH MY GOD. SHIFT YOUR EYES TO CLOUD AUDITORE FAIR. guys. GUYS. bros. There is a fanfiction of my fanfiction and I'm losing my mind. I'm losing my mind . Go read it and leave reviews and scream at him, tell him what you think, and then go to tumblr and scream at me and tell me what you think. It's called Fire From Ash and I'm. just. so. SDKFH. peace Paige