blonde holds onto her mask of indifference, struggles when Bella's grin is so big, so happy that it crinkles her eyes. "First of all," Bella says as she braces her arm on Rosalie's other side, laying across her abdomen. "I'm hella rad and charming." She tucks a lock of golden hair behind a sparkling ear. "Secondly, Alice would scoop me up in a second." "And what of Jasper?" She shrugs casually. "He's cool with sharing, we've discussed it." "You-!" Bella laughs and Rosalie swallows down her snarl, her chest vibrating with a growl. "Kidding, I'm kidding. You know I think you're lovely and my obsession runs alarmingly deep." "Your bedroom walls are covered in sketched renditions of me, yes," Rosalie agrees, a little smugly. (she'd been speechless and lighter than air when she first saw Bella's room, part of her worried that these chaotic feelings were one-sided) Bella places her hand over Rosalie's mouth, eyes shifting to look out around the field. "Shhh, we don't talk about that. Alice still calls me a stalker." "I don't mind the stalking," Rosalie says behind the hand. "In fact, I quite enjoy it." This time Bella rolls her eyes and drops her hand. "Whatever, Narcissus. You could draw my face every once in a while." "I have much bigger plans for you, darling." Bella eyes her thoughtfully, a seriousness in her eyes that Rosalie isn't used to seeing. There's something there, something unspoken (because trying to get Bella to open up is like pulling teeth , and okay, she finally understands what the others were always talking about when it came to her), and Rosalie's curiosity demands to be satisfied. But she'll never demand anything of Bella, and thus is forced to wait patiently. The human sighs softly, rests her cheek on Rosalie's chest as she gazes into pools of molten gold. "It couldn't have been me," she says quietly, and Rosalie's mood is quickly sobered. "I wouldn't have... I wouldn't have let them touch you, Rose, I would have killed them first. I swear it. If – if it was me, then I should have done better, I should have been there, I failed you and-" Rosalie sits up, brings Bella up with her, silences the distraught human with a kiss. She holds Bella's face gently, like she is a precious thing to treasure – because she is, and rests her forehead against her human's. "That is not your fault , Bella. Everything that's happened to me... that is beyond your control and I don't want you to ever think you could have changed it, that you could have prevented it, because that is a tortured thought I refuse to let you haunt yourself with." "I hate them," Bella weeps. She clutches at Rosalie tightly, fear gripping her heart every time she thinks that she almost lost this. A burning hatred every time she remembers what they did to her perfect rose. "I hate them." A sad smile tugs at Rosalie's lips and she nods. "I know," she whispers and pulls back enough to meet Bella's watery eyes. She swipes her thumbs underneath, catching tears, and offers a brighter smile. "If it was you, then it might help to know you smashed a bottle against his face." "He deserves worse," Bella declares darkly and- Rosalie blinks, back on that street for a second. Bella crouched over her, clutching her hand, and weeping for a dying stranger. She sucks in a sharp breath, blinking heavily, and shakes her head. "He got worse," she promises absently. Her world tilted, shifted on its axis because before this, she was skeptical. Edward and Carlisle were certain, as certain as they could be with their flimsy logic that was circumstantial at best, but Rosalie wasn't. She'd seen some weird things in life, sure, but this was a little far-fetched. Now, she's not so sure. Except that she is, that she is sure, and she's going to go home tonight and tell Carlisle because it was Bella. It was Bella in that street. It was Bella one hundred years ago. It's always been Bella, and how could she ever believe for a second it wasn't? Bella's nodding, too, saying something along the lines of good, I'm glad , because she knows what Rosalie did. The blonde already sat her down and explained how she haunted her ex-fiancee for weeks before tearing him and his buddies apart and earning the title The Bloody Bride . Rosalie kisses Bella again, this time with more intent, with more purpose, because she... she... "I love you," she murmurs against lips softer than life, and hears Bella's breath catch in her throat. "I love you. I love you, Bella." There are more tears, Rosalie feels them hit her hands that are still cupping Bella's face, but she has a feeling these are happy ones. "Bitch, I know it," Bella replies in a shaky, watery voice and- -and Rosalie laughs, sharp and abrupt and taken off guard, and always, always delighted by her human. "I love you, too, Rose." Bella chuckles weakly, sighs deeply. Long and tired but happy and satisfied. Rosalie blinks and looks at a face brighter than the sun. "I knew this day was coming but I did absolutely nothing to prepare for it. Did I really just say Bitch, I know it ?" Rose nods and can't wipe the smile off her face. "And just how did you know this day was coming? I happen to play my cards quite close to my chest." "And what a chest, at that," Bella grins, yelps at Rosalie's soft jab to her side. She takes in a big breath, let's it out in a happy hum. Shrugs and shakes her head, pressing a sweet kiss to Rosalie's lips quickly. "Because," she drawls out and motions backwards towards the sky and field. " The universe owes me one." . . . Will probably add more oneshots within this universe. 1- You, by Keaton Henson.