terrifying blonde Cullen. I had to blink a few times with the next one until I realized she was twins with the first girl. Her long black hair, waist length. Those uniquely dark green eyes with the yellow rings around the pupils. The tall, six-eight/six-nine height, and pale skin. They were identical down to the most miniscule detail, but you could see the difference that let you tell them apart. The first had hard eyes in a constant glare, and a frown on her face. The second's eyes sparkled with mirth and happiness, a big smile on her face. She was probably the twin everyone got along with. The next male…scared me a little bit. He was very tall, not quite as tall as the first guy, but he looked around six-ten or six-eleven, with the same 'strong' build. I decided it was because they all had longer muscles rather than bulkier ones. He had blonde hair thought his was shaved off in a buzz cut, and a five o'clock shadow. He had clear blue eyes, with those yellow rings again and a big scar on his neck. Three long lines running from under his ear to the front of his neck and chest. I absently touched the one on my face. He wasn't tan like the first guy, but he also wasn't pale like the twins. Another blonde, though his hair wasn't all cut off. It was long enough to hang in his eyes and had to be shaken out of them regularly, though it didn't look 'emo' on him. Said eyes were also a clear blue with the yellow rings around each pupil. He was a tad shorter than the other blonde, but he was a little thicker than him too. He was also darker than pale but lighter than tan, and seemed to carry that grin the other two had; like they was some inside joke they were in on. The last two were also girls, though they were so completely different my brain almost couldn't comprehend it. The first was very tall, nearly as tall as the first male at seven feet, maybe half an inch shorter than him. Her eyes were so dark they looked black from here, which really made the yellow rings stand out. Her hair was also black like the twins', reaching her waist with many curls in it, looking like silk it was so shiny and smooth. Her skin, like her eyes and hair, was dark , and her pearly whites were gleaming against it in a giant feral grin. Actually, everything about the girl was feral, her movements, her smile, the gleam in her eye. The last girl was her polar opposite. They were so different that I really couldn't even fathom there being those same rings around her pupils, but alas, there was. The rest of her irises were a very light grey that was almost blue. Her skin was by far the palest, and the only reason you wouldn't actually confuse it with chalk white was because that was the colour of her hair; lighter and whiter. Even her lips were the faintest of pinks. She appeared to be the shortest of the group, around six-six, but she was still quite toned like the rest of them. She had a small polite smile when she caught my eye, reminding me of Angela. Though as a group they were all so obviously unrelated; they all looked alike (sound familiar?). Their height and build, the feral/free/wild air they all had about them, and those rings around the pupils. They didn't look like contacts; it looked natural; the yellow meshing and blending into the rest of their eye colour. It was odd. Really, what are the chances of adopting (I assumed that's what they were) seven kids all with the same funky eyes and extraordinary height? Not to mention they all appeared to have the same tattoos ; ink black vines with leaves and flowers within them branching from their right temples reaching out to the corner of their eyes and cheek bones, twisting and intertwining all down the side of their necks, disappearing in the collar of their shirts. That along with a black outline of a crescent moon just below their palms on their right wrists, and more vines with flowers and leaves within them wrapping around their left wrists. And because I wasn't dense (no offence to the rest of Forks High, but I mean, come on ) I could put two and two together and realize that all of these were too many coincidences, just like the Cullens, and realized these people were different. I just didn't know how different yet, but I would. I would figure them out faster than I did with the Cullens, and I wouldn't rest until I did, because at least then, I would be too… distracted to think of Edward and Alice and all the others. So I started with the first of what was to become many, many questions, turning to Jessica. "Who are they ?" XxXxXx Another first chapter. And because you guys all said that you'd prefer if I kept all my stories up and post more news ones still; y'all can't complain about me not finishing others before starting new ones. This first chapter here was a doozy to try and get out of my head; all rushed and set up poorly, but I just couldn't fix it. Don't worry though, the rest of the chapters should be fine and dandy like usual. I'd appreciate reviews on this, telling me what you think and such. And just so you're warned; I've got an A/B one shot coming out soon, plus at least one more fist chapter of a new full length story as well, possibly two. And then who knows, maybe even another one shot that's I've had sitting in my computer's documents, waiting for an ending that I just might finish up and publish. -Paige Turner.