nose," she said with a laugh. "Paul, yeah!" Jacob boomed out his own laugh. He leant against the counter, running a hand through his choppy hair with a nostalgic sigh. "No one makes fun of my brother!" She pinched her nose but couldn't smother the smile on her face. "Again, I'm a girl." "Yeah, but you're still my brother," Jacob said with a dismissive wave. "It's more of a title than a gender. Oh, hey, there's pizza staying warm in the oven for you. We got hungry and kinda ate already." Bella took a break from putting things away to munch on a slice of pizza, and Jake took her spot, guessing where most of the stuff went. "So how are your headaches? You used to get them all the time but we've gone-" he glanced down at his watch, "-twenty minutes without even a wince from you." Bella nodded, staring down at her pizza while pulling off some bacon. She popped it into her mouth. "They're kinda better and kinda worse. I don't get them nearly as often anymore. Sometimes just once every couple of days. But they're stronger now, so that sucks. What about you? You look... healthy?" He laughed at the awkward face she made and straightened up to flex his rather large muscles. "Been working out for about a year now," it wasn't totally a lie, "like what you see?" "No thanks, brother ," Bella scoffed with a smirk. Jake stuck his tongue out at her. "Well you don't know what you're missing," he joked. "Or are you already taken? Any broken hearts you left back in Phoenix, no boyfriends pining after you?" "Nope." "Any girlfriends?" he asked wryly, wiggling his eyebrows. Bella rolled her eyes, the action lost on him as he couldn't actually see her eyes. "No, the only people I left were my mom and her fiancee." She grabbed another slice of pizza and hoisted herself up on the counter with a grin. "I'm hesitant to ask, what with a mug like yours, but any girls in your life?" "Ouch!" Jacob laughed, holding a hand to his chest. "You wound me! Hah. But, uh, I don't know. There might be. Wooing girls isn't easy." "Don't I know it." His dark eyes lit up and the smile on his face threatened to split in two. " Are youuuu...?" "That's none of your business," Bella said with a tsk. "Does Charlie know?" he asked, looking down the hallway at their fathers. Bella shrugged her shoulders. "There's nothing to know, Ox." "Fine, fine. Push me away. We've only been friends for sixteen years," he said with a pout, his enormous shoulders hunched over. "Come on, I fixed up your car for you." "Oh yeah," Bella agreed, hopping down from the counter. She grabbed one last slice of pizza, reached up to tussle Jake's bangs, and turned on her heel for the living room. "Thanks a bunch, dork." Jacob's mouth fell open in mock hurt. "Huh. I'll remember this next time it needs work, brother!" . . . Okay, so I know about half of you are wanting to murder me right now? Accurate? Something along the lines of "how dare you start a new story when you have others to finish first!" I'm guessing here, I could be wrong. I mean, I know some of you like when I post, no matter the story. Where to start explaining. I suppose the first thing to say is THIS ONE IS ALREADY COMPLETE, just to get that out there. I've been writing this one on the side of ALL my other works for a long, long time now. It's helped me get through writer's block, it's more of a tool than a story. Yet still a story, hence why I'm posting it. Yeah, so don't worry about postings? I'll be posting a new chapter every week or every other week. Probably every week. It's all already written and waiting to go, and hopefully this will help tide you over between updates of my other stories, which I'm now getting back to. MY HIATUS was in large part due to writing an original novel. I've since completed it, and am now in the process of querying literary agents. That takes SO MUCH time, that I can now work on all of my fanfiction in peace. That means I'm coming back to my stories again, here to finish them off. I said I wouldn't abandon them, and I meant it. Writing here still means a lot to me, and is still helping me quite a bit. As you will see through the improvement of my writing in this story and new chapters of the others. So that about covers the literary aspect of all of this. This story is complete, though if there are specific things you want to see or take issue with, or WHATEVER, tell me in a review and I can tweak future chapters before posting them. Or just review and tell me what you liked. That's always nice. To those of you who are, like, interested I guess, I'm super late to the game but I made a Tumblr account in my absence here. I'm a hell of a lot more interactive there, if you wanna talk or have questions, or just share in all the glorious femslash content I churn out. (thirteenohtooDOTtumblrDOTcom) Also, for those interested, I EVEN MORE recently (like today) started a gay blog on Tumblr. Or rather, a blog about being gay. "How To Be A Lesbian, A Guide Through Experience; the do's and don'ts of dating girls" which is basically just me telling stories about my disastrous dating life that my friends and family like to laugh at and said I should share. So learn from my mistakes, have a chuckle at my misery, get to know the author of these stories y'all are miracuously a fan of. (mostlydontsDOTtumblrDOTcom) As always, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and peace out. Paige