this far in life, you giant walking ball of naivety..." Bella turned back to the others with a sheepish look. "Pay no mind to Angela, she likes to grumble about 'my antics' daily." She let out a breath and nodded, looking between the two. Her eyes drifted back to Rosalie, drawn back by an invisible force. "Was this everything?" "Yes," the blonde answered gruffly. "Great. If you could just give me a little push towards the counter, I'll ring you right up." Carlisle took the girl's hand and pulled her back towards the front of the store. "A new hobby you've taken up?" "God no," Bella laughed. Her face scrunched up in amusement and Rosalie growled lightly in her chest, glaring down at her boots. "Well, I guess so. I don't have a car -carbon footprints, and all- but it takes forever to get around Seattle on foot. So Charlie and I are gonna see if we can cut down some of that time if we add wheels to the equation." Rosalie stepped up to the counter, careful not to slam her hands down on the surface too hard. "Who's Charlie?" The three of them decided to ignore the hint of demanding in her voice, and Bella lifted her fingers to her mouth and gave a sharp whistle. "Just the purest soul to ever walk this damned planet." A hulking behemoth covered in black fur trotted around one of the shelves and into view, massive paws slapping the ground with a thud each time. Carlisle shuffled backwards from instinct when the mighty beast approached. A large head swung sideways into Rosalie's hip, the muzzle shaggy enough to leave a distinct moustache impression, and, were she human, she was certain the beast would have knocked her right off her feet. Big brown eyes stared up at her and she quickly looked away, back to Bella- -where another pair of big brown eyes stared back at her. A grin that rivalled the sun was beaming at her. "He likes you!" she gushed and leaned forward on the counter. "He's usually so wary of people, bit of an awkward lump. I think he can sense their fear." "Yes, well, that happens when you have a bear for a pet." Bella frowned. "He's a dog." "It's a bear." "A dog!" Rosalie touched a finger to the top of his massive head, having to bend her elbow, and raised a golden brow at the girl. "He's as tall as the counter, just on all fours." " You're as tall as the counter!" This time it was Rosalie who tilted her head to the side and gave the girl a look. "Very mature. How old are you, twenty-two, twenty-three?" "Sure." A sigh heaved her shoulders. "Can I just buy the damn comic so I can be on my way and get on with my life?" "Well," Bella pressed her palms against the countertop, leaning back to puff out a breath of air again, "that depends. Are you okay with pretending you didn't fall madly and irrevocably in love with me the moment our eyes met? Good luck going back to your empty shell of a life now that you've gotten a little taste of heaven." The glare on Rosalie's face collided with the shit-eating grin on Bella's, the two staring each other down. "You're a smartass." "If that's what you're into, then for you I would be." Rosalie scoffed. She snatched up the comic and tossed down a wad of cash, turning on her heel and storming towards the front door. The elven horn rang as she opened it and beckoned Carlisle to follow with a look. Fumbling to catch the wad of cash, trying to keep it all together, Bella looked up like a gaping fish out of water. "This is too much money!" "Keep it," Rosalie huffed as she struggled to keep her lips from curling up in a smile. "Visit another human petting zoo, for all I care," she called back just before the door swung closed again. Through the window, she watched this strange, enchanting girl's face screw up in disgust and finally let out a quiet chuckle. "The mental picture! Oh god! Angela! Google Image bunnies and kittens, quick!" . . . -long drawn out, tired sigh- Right. Okay. Here we go. NEW STORY. Yeah. I know a lot of you made a case for making Species a triad, or somehow having Rosalie and Bella together in there, but honestly I just don't see it fitting properly. I mean, some of you made really great cases, and I was very tempted, but I just don't think it would have worked out. So Species will be staying strictly Bellice (or as strictly as it has because apparently platonic is a struggle for me), and I'll probably do a couple more oneshots au's like I have already. That being said, WELCOME TO MY FIRST EVER ROSELLA STORY. A short introduction that really introduces nothing, but I like it, it's something. I don't know what, but something. Was gonna keep going but I kinda like ending it here, with them meeting. So yeah, this is gonna be a full length multi-chapter story that I do while I work on the sequel for Species. So no worries there, I am still working on Species as well. I just think I'm gonna do what I did the first time, write it all out, and then post it at once. This one, I'll do updates as they're written, just so you guys don't have to wait so long for something to read. Anyway, I know this is kinda choppy? I need to settle into my new Rosella groove, I'm still finding my footing. Trying to decide if I wanna do this from Rosalie's perspective or Bella's, or a little bit of both. I'm also running on very little sleep, it's hella late here, and I got distracted every few minutes looking up dogs. So... yeah. peace paige