fish. Jasper is looking between us, trying to understand the situation. "Hello Edward, Edward Cullen" she smiles shyly. "H-h-hi" I stutter. Oh my god, I'm sweating again and starting to hyperventilate. "May I join you?" She asks. Only then do I realise she has her lunch tray in her hands. "Of course, pull out a seat!" Jasper exclaims, wiggling his eyebrows at me. As she introduces herself to him, I watch their interaction, trying to figure out her motives. She is explaining that she moved from Phoenix to live with her father, the Chief of Police. I'm fascinated by every word that slips from her luscious lips; they are plump, the colour of rose, defined. "Edward?" Jasper shouts. My eyes dart to her eyes and realise they are both staring at me expectantly. "I'm sorry?" I ask. That little cheeky smirk makes its way back on to her lips and I'm captivated. "Bella was saying how she is looking for a piano teacher..." he trails off. Piano? I play piano! "Really?" I ask. "Yeah, I was learning back in Phoenix but for some reason, my music teacher didn't feel like moving to Forks with me." She giggles and I can't help but join in her laughter. It's infectious. My eyes flicker to Jasper, who is trying to get my attention. He is mouthing "go for it" and tilting his head towards Bella subtly. "I play piano!" I blurt. "Yes, Jasper was saying. Have you played long?" "Since I was a kid," I confess. "Really?" She grins. I just nod self-consciously. "Do you think, I mean, if it's no trouble, would you be open to teaching me? I would pay you!" She offers. I would be open to anything regarding Bella. My eyes meet hers, the pleading obvious in those deep pools of chocolate. There was no other answer but yes. "Y-y-yes, of course," I nod. "Oh my god, thank you!" She exclaims, throwing her arms around me and placing a kiss on my cheek. My whole body freezes at her reaction, my eyes going wide as my voice disappears. "Well, I haven't got a piano until my mother ships it out and I don't know when that will be but when it arrives I can let you know," she offers. "I have a piano! I mean, you can use mine until yours arrives." "That is so sweet, thank you, Edward. When can we get started?" she asks hopefully. "Well, I mean, you can come to mine tonight and we can see what stage you are at and go from there?" I mumble. The thought of her in my house, touching my piano – my prized possession – fills my mind, distracting me. "Sounds great, here's my number," she says grabbing a napkin and pen from her bag. "You can text me your address, shall we say six? That gives me time to go home and get changed." "Yeah, that sounds good," I say picking at my food trying not to imagine Bella taking her clothes off. It was nearing the end of lunch when Bella stands. "Well I need to go to my locker before my next class, so I will see you tonight?" She asks looking up through her lashes. "Absolutely," I breathe. "See you then, Edward," she says giving a little wave over her shoulder. I just sit there for a couple of seconds, staring after her retreating form. "Dude!" Jasper screams. "Who the hell is that? And have you banged her?" Jasper is practically vibrating in his seat. If I wasn't so angry at his words I would have laughed at him. "She is the new student here obviously and of course I haven't banged her, you low life. Do you think of nothing else?" I sigh. "So how do you know her?" He pushes. "She's my new lab partner in biology," I mutter. "We hardly spoke," I add. "I bet that was more to do with you than her though." I feel my face heat up as I remember why I couldn't talk to her. "It doesn't matter anyways and why did you tell her I could play piano?" I hiss. "Err... let me think, firstly, because you were staring at her like a love sick puppy. Secondly, it will do you good to have your own money and not live off daddy and lastly, you will have a beautiful woman in your house tonight! There was me thinking I was being helpful. After you get laid, you're going to owe me." "I am not going to get laid!" I screech a little too loudly. He lets out a hearty laugh at my expense before continuing. "Edward, girls dig musicians. You can totally play this to your advantage." "My advantage ? Have you forgotten who I am? I am not smooth, especially with women, Jasper. I don't have 'game'." "Edward, did you not see how she was looking at you? She's into you!" I let out an unattractive snort at his words as the end of lunch bell rings. "Think about it, dude," he insists, giving me a pat on the back before going off too his own class. Well this is the first chapter! Hope you all enjoyed it. I'm still working on my geeky vampire story and also one that sees Bella go back in time to 1918. I want them completely finished before I start posting. This story is completely finished, so I will post a chapter a week. Its only 3 chapters of lemony goodness, so please keep reading. I want to thank my BETA for this story, because my grammar is appalling :) Thank you Bexie25, I know you were busy but it meant a lot that you made time to help me. My rules for reviews are still the same, you leave a review and I will check your stories out in return! I like to know what you all think, it gives me the push to keep writing! xxx