she remembered her mother and I felt the strange need to comfort her. "How old are you Bella?" "Seventeen" she said. "You don't seem seventeen." A small giggle escaped her lips. My eyes subtly watched how her breasts jumped up and down with her laughter. "What?" I asked full of curiosity, while discreetly adjusting my now, very tight pants. "My mum always says I was born thirty-five and I get more middle aged every year. Well someone has to be the adult". Ah now it made sense, she always looked after her mother, it was a backwards relationship. She was mature because she had to be, because her mother wasn't. "You don't seem like a junior yourself you know?" I instantly stiffened. I should haver been prepared for her asking about me. What was I to tell her? I knew I had to change the subject quickly. "So why did your mother marry Phil?" "My mothers very young for her age, I think Phil makes her feel even younger. At any rate she's crazy about him." "Do you approve?" "Does it matter? she retorted. "I want her to be happy, he is who she wants..." Interesting if she would extend the same courtesy to her selfless daughter. "Do you think she would do the same for you? No matter who your choice was?" "Yes, although she is the parent so things are a little different" she smiled. Her smile was truly infectious and I couldn't help myself as a grin spread over my face. "So no one too scary" we laughed. "Do you think I could be too scary?" "I think you could be, if you wanted." The smile immediately dropped from my face. Was she afraid of me? I hope not. "Are you frightened now?" Her face looked puzzled at my question. "Of course not, why would I be?" What could I say? Well Bella, I am actually a 109 year old vampire who lives with his vampire family, hey fancy going out some time? Hang on, where did that come from? Fancy going out? I didn't date anyone, let alone humans and now i'm contemplating places to take her? This human brought out emotions in me that I haven't felt in decades, emotions I don't even remember feelings when I was human. Maybe we could hang out as friends. I had only known this girl for an hour and I already found the idea of walking away impossible. We had now reached her very old, big, rusty truck and I knew my time with Bella was up. "Hey Bella, um... what are um... I mean.. have you any plans this weekend?" I couldn't believe I had said the words. I had just asked out a human. My family is going to be pissed. But right at this moment, all I cared about was hearing Bella's answer. The shock on her face was evident. I'm sure my face mirrored hers. "Err.. n-n-no I don't, I mean I don't really know anyone yet, apart from Charlie, um I mean my dad." she couldn't have been very close to him because she kept calling him by his first name. Its like she knew him as a random person, not as her father. "Would you like to meet up sometime?" As each word passed through my lips, I was becoming more nervous and fidgety. Tugging at my bronze strands, a mannerism I had mastered when I was human, I done it whenever I was stressed or nervous. No sorry not nervous, terrified would be the right word. I was so scared she was going to say no but at the same time, I was terrified she was going to say yes. How would I act? Would I tell her the truth about me? No I couldn't it would scare her away. A frown graced my face as I realised if she didn't no who I truly was, then she wouldn't be in a relationship with the real me. I would be lying to her and she would fall for the fake me, a guy who didn't exist. "Err s-s-sure I would love to" she stuttered. I snapped my head up in response and big grin spreading across my face. I couldn't believe it, she had said yes to me! I felt so happy I could scream in a very unmanly fashion. "Great!" I practically shouted, well that's embarrassing, if I could blush I would resemble a beetroot right now. "Um Saturday? Is that OK? We could catch a movie or something? Or dinner, I don't mind whatever you would like." I was rambling like an idiot and I knew it. And by the smirk on her face, she knew it to. Shit. "Movie sounds good" she smiled. "Great I'll err... pick you up around seven?" Crimson flushed her cheeks as she nodded shyly. I couldn't wipe the huge grin that was plastered on my face, I haven't felt this happy since... I cant remember. "It was nice meeting you Bella, see you soon?" It came out as more of a question. "Yer course" she muttered looking down, as she shuffled her feet. "Bye Bella." "Bye Edward." I turned and walked away, reflexively looking over my shoulder as I walked away towards my car. She had her eyes closed with a big smile on her face. As I reached my precious silver Volvo, where Alice was waiting, she smiled at me knowingly. "W e will discuss this later Edward " she thought. Of course Alice knew, she would have seen it. When I was with Bella I forgot anyone else even existed. I looked down with an embarrassed smile appearing. The rest of my family then appeared looking at me curiously, wondering why I looked so happy. But before they could utter a word Alice let out a large gasp and a vision shot through her mind. I read it perfectly in her head. Before I knew it, I screamed at Alice. "NO!"