could have sworn she'd lost it to his gesture. She was baffled at the strangeness of the moment and it took a bit for her to find her voice, "likewise." He stepped back standing closer to Carlisle and the female he had yet to introduce. She knew everyone had sensed the difference in the atmosphere and she saw the smiles playing on the faces of both the final female, Carlisle and the bright grin that was spreading across the short one they had addressed as Alice's face. A moment later Edward had also let a crooked smile form on his lips too. They knew something . Carlisle cleared his throat though the smile became a bit broader she couldn't tell if it was for what just happened or if it was because of the woman beside him. He placed a hand on the small of the woman's back and pulled her a fraction closer to his body before speaking again. "And this is my lovely wife, and mate, Esme." The woman smiled warmly and bowed her head in a soft greeting "Pleasure to meet you." "Well it's nice to meet you all" Tanya answered in like. "Very much agreed. Our apologies for encroaching on your territory in our search for a new home" Remarked Carlisle. "As long as you come in peace all is forgiven. We don't have many visitors in Denali, but you are welcome to stay as long as you like. It is peaceful here and the humans don't tread here often if at all. Targeting our endangered wildlife however is cautioned against. We try to help the ecosystem as best we can and helping those species to thrive is one way we assist." She said with a mischievous smile at Edward somewhat teasing him for his near mistake. In realization he looked to her in mock atonement. "My apologies." She nodded in response before turning away from the group. "I was just about to hunt myself, to those of your family whom find themselves thirsty they are welcome to join me and I can assist in providing more appropriate targets." She looked to her sister with reason and Kate bowed her head once knowingly. "Those who will not be accompanying my sister in the hunt are welcome to join us at home if you so choose." "You have our thanks, I do believe it would be good for my family to feed." "Then I shall accompany to assist in explain—" "That won't be necessary Irina. You may return home. All will be well fret not." Tanya spoke calmly. Irina looked at her with worry behind her bright golden eyes for a moment before Kate rested her hand on her. "Come sister." She spoke softly before leading her away. Tanya looked to her new company and spoke calmly and clearly. "As I previously stated, we help maintain a sort of balance for the wildlife here. As such there are certain places, not unlike this, that house the endangered species. These spaces we are very particular; depending on that species, current predators and their population you may hunt them so as to assist the other. If the predators are low in numbers the area becomes white. What that means is that all hunting is not permitted. There are various areas throughout Denali that we've labeled as green, white and yellow. You now know what a white area is, yellow is an area that homes endangered species but has an abundance of its predators which we may target. And lastly green is an area with little to no limitations. Unfortunately this area in which we currently stand in is a part of a white zone." "I see, so this is what you referred to as helping the ecosystem. Quite elaborate." "My thanks. It is also preferred to dispose of the bodies near other predators so that it does not go to waste. I would be happy to direct you to a green area if you would follow me." She smiled. Edward turned towards the direction she intended to lead them and agreed. "Lead the way," he said with a crooked smile. Tanya nodded before speeding off in the direction of the 'green area' with the Cullens trailing close behind her. Occasionally she'd find herself lost in the run but would be drawn out of it by the playful jibes by her companions. When she finally stopped she gestured to the area ahead of them and spoke. "Enjoy your meals." Without another word the coven blew past her in search of their dinner whereas she idled closing her eyes and welcoming all other senses to capture her focus. A few minutes passed in utter silence as she listened to every break of flora and every careful step the animals took, leaving their breath thick in the air as they went. A rabbit, a badger, and suddenly her prey . An old dall sheep that had been separated from its herd and rather far from its natural setting took quick steps through the forest. It's blood rushing through its fairly medium frame as its heart pumped it along. She swiftly moved towards it weaving in a quick manner. Suddenly it's heartbeat spiked and thrummed even more loudly, now fully aware of its predicament. She smiled knowingly and then like a bullet she chased her target bringing it down in a moment too quick for its slow movements to prevent. It's windpipe cracking at the force of her grasp and its breathing immediately stopped as the creature gasped for air. Before it could suffer much longer, she dug her porcelain teeth deep into the flesh at a pulsing artery. The blood flowed warmly through her. Quelling the dull ache at her throat and bringing with its life force pure energy which spread throughout her being, gifting her with strength that had begun to wane. Closing her eyes she welcomed every last drop with its seductive call and let herself sink into its melody.