failure to come to me broke my heart. I'd never given up hope that he would come back, and I knew that if he never did, I would always feel his absence. Even when if I was a grown woman, with a lovely husband and beautiful children, with a high-paying job and nice belongings . . . I would never feel complete if he weren't in my life. And it doesn't seem to mean anything to him. In this moment . . . I don't seem to mean anything to him. And the idea of me not being important to Edward is so foreign to me that I'm left speechless. Even when he didn't show for the past seven years, I never doubted that he wanted me, because he always has. I'd assumed that he had been busy, or couldn't find me, or, as ridiculous as it is . . . I'd considered the idea that he'd died trying. Hurt fills my entire being, literally making me feel as if he just slapped me across the face. A slap instead of a punch because there's an air of utter disrespect that is conveyed in a slap that isn't found in a punch. It's as humiliating as it is painful, and it burns as much as it throbs. I want to cry, but at the same time I want to make him hurt the way I do. But I'm not strong enough to hurt him. I only have his emotions to play on. "I liked you better when you were fifteen." "Ouch." His eyes roll. "You think you can just hold me hostage here? Has it never occurred to you that I don't want to be here ?" It's a total lie, but there is some validity to it. I have tried to wretch myself from his hold multiple times – he simply never let me go. "Because I was under the impression that I was making it pretty obvious all the times I tried to get away from you." "And the opposite – the truth ," he stresses the word, "was revealed when you first woke up. When you were all fucking over me, just like you always have been." Humiliation floods my cheeks, but he doesn't stop there. "And even if what you said was true . . . You won't be getting out of here anyway." "What are you planning to do?" I ask, doubtful. "Tie me to the bed?" My eyes roll. "If I have to," he says, uncaring. "This conversation is over, now. You're going to tell me what you thought you were doing -" "I believe I said: 'Fuck. You'.' ' Stalking. That's what he's doing now, circling me as he is, malice darkening his eyes. "Do you know what they do to girls they initiate ?" He asks me. "All I had to do was burn down the -" "That's a bunch of bullshit ," he distinctly pronounces each word. "And if you don't realize what happens to pretty little girls like you when they want to join big bad gangs – well, you already know you have no business doing that." He's already made it glaringly obvious that he doesn't care for me nearly as much as I'd thought he had. There's no reason for him to even be responding like this. "Why do you even care? " Then I'm up against another wall. I can see the window from over his shoulder. "Do you have no idea what you are to me? " The words elicit immediate relief in me. His chest heaves against my face as he towers over me. His fingers are clawed against the wall, and his muscles are all bunched up, tense. I get the urge to touch his arm, to trace the vein that pokes out there, trailing all the way from his shoulder to his wrist. I give into my desires, feeling just as tired now as I had earlier tonight, when Edward had placed me in his car. It's so strange how everything has changed so monumentally since then. His muscles tense at first, but then relax beneath my fingertips as I trail them feather-light over his skin. He's so soft here. And so, so warm. Stepping towards him, I lean into his incredible warmth, allowing it to envelope me even though his arms don't. I wrap mine around his waist. We stand there like this for an eternity. I'm nearly asleep by the time he picks me up from beneath my arms and lays me down on the bed. And when his body spoons mine, and his thumb starts stroking my lips just as they have before, I know that even though I'm not forgiven . . . That even though he's still mad . . . Edward is here, and wants me just as much as he always has. When the light started out they don't know what they heard, Strike the match, play it loud, giving love to the world, We gonna let it burn, burn, burn, burn, (burn, burn), Burn, burn, burn, burn, (burn, burn), We can light it up, up, up, So they can't put it out, out, out, We can light it up, up, up, So they can't put it out, out, out. - Elli Goulding :: Burn - A/N: This story is way out of my element, but when the idea hit me, it hit me hard, so I just had to play it out. I've got about half of the next chapter finished already, so that should be out by sometime next week. Oh, I really hope you loved it. Because I really, really do. There's a lot of me in Doe. Unfortunately, I don't have Saintward for myself, but . . . Maybe someday I'll have someone even better. You know the drill :: follow, review, share/recommend && favorite as you please! As always, I am forever grateful for all of your support! ~ Madison ~