powerful backhanded blow that caught Seth square in his broad chest. Seth's huge body soared ten feet and crashed into the rocky wall over my head with a force that seemed to vibrate the whole peak. I heard the breath whoosh from his lungs, and I ducked out of the way as he rebounded off the stone and collapsed on the ground a few feet in front of me, not moving. A low whimper escaped through Seth's teeth. Jagged fragments of gray stone showered down around my head, scratching my exposed cheeks. A serrated spike of rock rolled down my right arm and I caught it instinctively. My fingers clamped around the long shard as my own survival instincts kicked in, surprisingly. Since there was no chance of a getaway, my body, not caring how unimpressive the gesture was, readied for a fight. Adrenaline blasted through my veins. I knew the brace was cutting into my palm. I knew the snap in my knuckle was protesting. I knew it, but I could not feel the pain. Behind Riley, all I could see was the twisting flame of Victoria's mane and a smear of white. The progressively more numerous metallic snaps and tears, the gasps and shocked hissings, made it clear that the dance was turning deadly for someone. But which someone was it? Riley staggered toward me, his red eyes brilliant with fury. He glared at the flaccid mass of sand-colored fur between us, and his hands, mangled, curled into talons. His mouth opened, widened, his teeth shimmering, as he geared up to rip out Seth's throat. A second jolt of adrenaline hit me like an electric shock, and everything was instantly crystal clear. Both fights were too close to determine an outcome. Seth was about to be defeated in his, and I had no idea if Edward was winning or losing. They needed help – a distraction of sorts, something to give them an advantage. My hand gripped the stone fragment so firmly that a support in the brace broke loose. Was I strong enough to do this? Was I fearless enough? How hard should I thrust the coarse stone into my body? Would this buy Seth enough time to get back on his feet? Would he recover fast enough for my sacrifice to do him any good? I raked the point of the shard up my arm, yanking my thick sweater back to expose the skin, and then pressed the razor-sharp tip to the joint at my elbow. I already had a long scar there from my last birthday. That night, my flowing blood had been enough to catch every vampire's attention, to freeze them all in place on the spot. I prayed it would work that way again. I strengthened myself and sucked in one deep breath. Victoria was sidetracked by the sound of my gasp. Her eyes, holding still for one tiny fraction of a second, met mine. Ferocity and inquisitiveness mingled strangely in her expression. I wasn't sure how I heard the low sound with all the other noises echoing off the jagged cliffs and hammering inside my head. My own heartbeat should have been enough to drown out everything. But, in the split second that I stared into Victoria's eyes, I thought I heard a familiar, infuriated sigh. I barely noticed when Edward flinched. It was the smallest of recoils but it was enough for Victoria to get past him. In that same short second, the dance broke fiercely apart. It happened so swiftly that it was over before I could follow the sequence of events. I tried to catch up with it in my head. But I couldn't. I felt the fist pierce through my chest. I looked down at the bloody appendage stretching from the wound in my chest then my eyes slowly lifted to the blackened orbs as they beamed down at me. A wicked and ecstatic smile curled her lip. I gazed across the clearing to the pools of honey, they were traumatized and damaged. All I could do was look, words failed me. I felt the hand retract from my chest and I fell to the ground with a thump. My eyes drifted closed and I vaguely remember the enraged growl and the sound of metal being stretched beyond its limits. I barely even felt any pain despite the gaping hole in my chest. I was dying. Soon I would be dead and the red-headed bitch would have succeeded in her revenge and I would never see those loving topaz eyes again. Thump, thump…thump…thump… Chapter End Notes: So how was the beginning to the new story? If this seemed boring to some it will pick up in speed. Next chapter is all Edward's so if you don't like it, yell at him. He's feeling a bit violent considering what just happened to Bella. I will post chapter 2 after Captured/Hidden are done. Someone needed the link to this story so I posted it, plus I was curious as to how well it was received. I hope it was liked...except of course what happened to Bella. Preview of Chapter 2: My Cold Dead World " I'm going to clean Bella up now if you want to wait outside or something," I composed myself as much as I could, reminding myself that I had been through Med School twice, and that I could do this. Jacob scowled at me. "And why are you the one cleaning her up? You're the creature that feeds on blood!" I hung my head and sighed heavily. "Her blood hasn't drawn me since I saved her life back in Phoenix. And I have two medical degrees, I have the capabilities to look at her as a patient not as a woman and she's my fiancé so that bestows upon me certain responsibilities." I then turned and glared at him. "Now, if you're done whining, I would like to clean her up before my family gets here."