slow walk, letting her get accustomed to the way I moved. As I walked she talked to me, telling me inconsequential things about her life that I already knew. It was comforting to hear her talking though, so I made small huffing noises of agreement from time to time to let her know I was listening. She chatted about her dad Charlie and how if it wasn't for her, she was sure he would be living off pop tarts and blueberry pie from the diner. She started talking about her old truck but stopped, her breath catching in her throat. I looked back at her, wondering what had happened. "My…my favorite mechanic looks after it for me" she whispered. I was so wrapped up in being with her I had completely forgotten I wasn't Jacob; I was just a wolf, a creature from her dreams. I let out a low whimper at the pain in her voice. Great job Jake. I nudged her foot with my head and she absentmindedly caressed my fur. God that feels good. After a beat she continued. "He's my best friend," she explained, "was my best friend at least, I don't know now." I could feel little tremors shaking her body as she tried and failed to keep herself in check. "We had a falling out I think, but I don't know what over." She stopped and took a small breath "No, that's a lie. I think it was because on the last night I saw him he told me he had feelings for me. He doesn't understand. I'm like a savaged, war torn state. I'm nothing and he... He's everything. He's like the sun. Good and beautiful and warm. How could I possibly let him waste himself on someone like me?" I growled. How could she think like that? She was not nothing, she was perfection in my eyes; intelligent, thoughtful and beautiful. Her brown eyes haunted me at night, hinting at the depths that lay hidden behind them. And anyway wasn't it my decision who I wanted to give myself to? "Why in the world am I telling you this?" she laughed, a little sob catching in her throat. "God I am ridiculous. I find my dream guide and what do I do? Prattle on about my guy problems" the laugh she gave had no trace of humour in it. We were nearly back to her house by this time and I didn't like the way her thoughts were heading so I picked up the pace. It had the desired effect as she whooped in surprise and leaned down to hold on tighter, effectively ceasing that line of talk. I slowed down towards the tree line near her house, careful in case Charlie was home. Turns out Chief Swan was working overtime as the place was silent. "Oh no, I forgot about my truck" she exclaimed, "I'll have to go back and get it." I was way ahead of her, I had already conned Embry into retrieving it for me while we walked. She swung her leg over my back and slid to the ground, somehow managing to stay on her feet. I flicked my head towards the front of the house and watched her expression turn to one of amazement as she realised her truck was sitting in the driveway. I gave her a smug look as she turned to me in astonishment. "Was that... I mean how did." she spluttered. "Well I suppose that settles it then, I'm dreaming" the look on her face was priceless. I laughed again; amused by her insistence that I was some sort of dream guide. If only this was all a figment of her imagination. We could be hanging out in the garage right now, sipping cold sodas and talking about what thrill seeking things we could get up to next. I sighed; I wished that was the case. But the reality of it was I was some sort of animal protector to the tribe and she was my heart broken friend struggling to understand my abandonment of her. My anger at the bloodsucking Cullen's swelled up in me again, for everything they had done to her, everything they had done to me. I had to really fight to push it down like Sam had taught me. My head snapped up when Bella laid her hand on my shoulder. "Well, I'm not sure how this has all come about but thank you" she said, looking me in the eye again. It was like she was trying to see inside of me, to see what lurked behind the face. It was unnerving. Then it hit me like a bolt of lightning. I couldn't tell her about me but I could show her. Sam had only said to take her home as a wolf. He hadn't say anything about what happened once she got there. I could tell they had all phased back to meet with the Elders so my brilliant idea was safe for the moment. But should I do it? Yes, Bella had been strangely calm about this whole thing so far, but would that include seeing an animal turn into her best friend? I whipped my tail back and forth in indecision. If I didn't do it now I would lose my chance. If any of the guys phased they would hear what I was thinking, Sam would find out and he would fix the loophole I'd found in his command. Bella seemed to sense my agitation and she stroked my fur soothingly. "What is it? You don't have to go do you?" she sounded lost and forlorn at the idea. That made up my mind. One way or the other I was going to put this to bed. She would either take me as I was wolf and all, or she would freak out and never want to see me again. Whichever, it solved her problem. I just hoped it solved mine too.