The end. One issue, what's the story here? Why do I keep getting these visions of a newborn army but have no idea of who's leading it?" I asked. "Easy. Someone has a grudge against us and is going to attack us through a newborn army 'cause we're too powerful and awesome for them be able to take us on themselves." Emmett answered as he came back from his hunt with Eddie boy and Jazz. "I know that, that's basic knowledge, but what have you guys done since I left for this to have occurred. It couldn't have been the Volturi because they would just get Demetri to track us down, Jane and Alec to tame us and Felix and Santiago to finish us off, not a newborn army." I stated. "There was one thing…" Jazz said as he looked between Eddie and Bella. I looked at Edward and read his mind. Turns out an idiot otherwise known as James wanted Bella to be his dinner and Eddie killed him. Then he left after Jazz attacked Bella on her birthday and sent him into a depression. I caught off one of the wolves' memories, I think it was Embry's memory, that Bella went into a depression as well and he fixed her up, while realising he loved her. I looked around the room and realised that these guys are strong enough without me and I felt this sense of pride. The people I saved don't need to rely on me for protection and that they can be pretty intimidating without stating the fact that I am the leader of their coven. Then, my face dropped, I realised that they didn't need me anymore and their need for me was only for company and to have a leader and a role model. But they had Carlisle for that, he did a perfect job and he followed my strict instructions. I realised they were waiting for me to say something so I did. "Wow. Guess you guys don't need me anymore. I'm outta here. You guys can look after yourselves. You're powerful and strong enough to not need my protection, so I won't cause any trouble here anymore by leaving…" "DON'T YOU DARE LEAVE ME AGAIN ANGELA! YES I MIGHT HAVE EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE I WANT UNDER THE SUN RIGHT HERE, BUT I NEED MY SISTER. THE ONE WHO HELPED WHEN I NEEDED IT, THE ONE WHO SHOWED ME THE WAY TO LIVE AS A VAMPIRE, THE ONE WHO TAUGHT ME TO BELIEVE IN MYSELF, EVEN WHEN OTHERS DIDN'T… I need you Angie." I stopped and stared at my little sister who just shouted her head off at me. I realised that maybe, after all, they did actually need me. I felt a rush of emotion fly through me and I instantly gave Jazz an apologetic look, which he dismissed in his head. I recognised this emotion. An emotion I haven't felt in millennia. Maternal love. I ran as fast as I could to the other side of the room where Alice was standing and tackled her into a bear hug. "Okay, I will stay. But, I have a few conditions." I told everyone. I let go of my embrace with Alice and looked around the room. "One, you wolves had better learn to control your mouths around me. I can kill you with only a thought so unless you want the breath in you sucked out forever; I suggest you start treating me as someone of great respect. I could leave and let you guys handle it, but I'm sticking around to help where I can. Two, Jazz and I have awesome expertise when it comes to this department of work. We will train you all to fight, obviously minus Bella, and we will plan an attack if necessary. Three, I am still not sure if I want to be seen in public, but if we decide as a family for what we should do for that, I am to be Carlisle's older sister and your aunt, minus the dogs and Bella. I came from New York City to here, which is true, to live with the family temporarily because my mother died and my boyfriend and I split from him cheating on me. The length of my stay is undecided. And finally four, treat me like you did before I left and don't worship me. That includes the dogs. You guys can joke around with me and imagine that I'm the overprotective older sister/aunt/cousin whatever floats your boat, but don't take it too far. When a joke's over, it's over. We all understand? Great!" I gave them no time to agree to my conditions and instantly raced over to the kitchen to make a banquet of food, remembering Ephraim's constant need for food. I prepared about 30kg of food and cooked it with my ability. I called for everyone to come into the kitchen and as everyone piled in, the dogs saw the food and wanted to eat it but didn't trust me in the slightest. "Guys, if I wanted to poison you, you'd be dead already so sit, shut up, eat and be grateful I was bothered to do this for you." I told them bluntly. They shut up soon after that and dug into the food, with Bella following suit in a more ladylike way thank God. Carlisle looked to me and simply thought: "Thank you for everything. The family needs you, no matter what you think so please stay for as long as possible and don't leave us again. We love you." I looked to him and nodded, knowing that I could never leave my family again. Hello again! Did you like it? I hope you did! I reckon it's a really cool change on the story and I had the idea in my head for over a year now but didn't know how to share it with everyone til I found FanFiction! Thanks for reading! PixieTheWantedLawson