I answered the call, drawing back my arm and slamming it deep into Niall's tight ass. It was then that I noticed I'd accidentally forgotten to set my phone down. It now resided deep within Niall's anus. Niall's POV: The fog blanketing my mind was slowly fading, and the realisation of what was really happening to me was becoming more and more appealing by the second. This really wasn't so bad after all… A sharp, blaring noise snapped me back into reality, and the wonderful pressure inside my ass was gone, and I heard a gasp from my brother. Another beep sounded out in the echoing hall, and then the fist was back, only this time I could feel a rectangular shape pushing at my walls. Had he put his phone in my ass?!1/? He must have done, but why? Just then, I could feel him attempting to tug his fist back out, but the phone was catching on my inner rim. I could hear him speaking, but the fog had not yet lifted enough to allow me to understand his words. He gave another sharp pull, and the phone was free. Why he hadn't just rotated the phone so it was easier to pull out, I will never know. He was talking again, and I could slowly feel my limbs start to reawaken, something akin to pins and needles spiking through my entire body. I attempted to push myself closer to Harry, desperate for that wonderful pressure. He seemed to notice my efforts, and hushed me, but this did not stop my incessant whimpering. Harry POV: I gazed down at the squirming, impatient blonde laying curled up beneath me. He looked so cute, so desperate for my touch. I wondered if this was how I had looked that warm August day in the cabin. I ran my free hand over the small of his back, feeling the bumps of his rigid spine jutting out beneath the pads of my fingers. He was trying to speak, but my touch appeared to halt his words. "Talk to me." I spoke softly into the phone, making sure to hold it a few inches away from my face. "Dude, can I come over? Liam's being such a bitch. I don't even know how to handle him like you can. Basically, this morn-" "Ah. Um.. now's… not a good time." I interrupted, once again inserting my fist (without the phone this time ofc) I managed to draw another wonderful sound from my brother, though he tried hard to not let it past his lips. "Fuck you. Seriously, if you saw him right now, you'd know what I mean. What are you doing anyways?" "...Playing xbox." I murmured hastily. I knew my voice was a little off. I prayed my fave brother wouldn't pick up on it. "...Is that all? You're gonna blow me off for GTA?" I gave a small sigh, twisting my hand inside of Niall and feeling him squirm beneath me. "I have to go. Talk later, yeah?" "Wait, I-" I hung up. I was busy. I didn't have time for Zayn or his problems. He was my least fave of all my brothers. I threw my phone out the window and resumed what I was doing. "Ah… distractions. But my attention's all yours, now." I grinned, pressing my body against Niall's. "Do you like this?" I was genuinely curious about the answer, but it came off as more of a taunt. That's just how I am. Niall's POV: His question pierced through the haze, and suddenly I was fully awake, like I had been submerged in cold water. "Yes, yes! Oh, god, yes!" Was all I could splutter out, I heard him chuckle, there was something sinister about it, but it only enhanced my arousal. "But… I want… your pee-pee…" At this, embarrassment coursed through me, but I realised it didn't matter. I want his willy, and the only way I can think to get it is by asking. I will beg if I have to. I started to move my pert arse against my brother's knee, despite the fact that this is anatomically impossible. I moan louder and whimper as frequently as my body allows, hoping to somehow make him desperate enough to just shove his ding-dong right in my bottom. It appeared to be working as I felt him shifting his weight, as though attempting to hold himself back. "P-please Daddy, I want your schlong inside of me!" Harry's POV: Niall's shrill voice was driving me crazy. With each word, my banana gave a twitch. I was struggling to hold back. I was a vampire, after all. If I were to impale Niall with my weapon of ass destruction, he would also be a vampire. And not just a vampire - he'd be my mate for life. We'd have to run away, move to an abandoned castle somewhere and spend the rest of our lives fucking each other on the balcony. We'd never see our asshole-brothers ever again. We'd never have to go to school, or work. We would- Wait. Why the hell was I fighting this? Sure, it was morally corrupt and all that, but damnit, I want to be happy. And Niall is my soulmate. I'm sure afterwards… we'd have a good laugh about it… Yeah. I suddenly knelt up, ripping my fist out of Niall's booty hole. "Shit, Niall, you fucking twat, I fucking hate you." I whispered, a single tear slipping down my cheek as I readied my meat scepter. This was it. Clearly, it was destiny. I inserted my thicc-ass rod into Niall's ass, drinking in the screams that ensued. Said screams came from me, of course. His ass was hella tight, even after all the fisting. Shoulda used lube. "Fuck!" I sang at the top of my voice, before my hIPS JERKED INTO ACTION AND AWAY WE WENT. My eyes turned violet and blood rained from my globe sockets as we became one.