pity. "You don't remember, he says softly. She shakes her head. "All I remember from my human life was Mary, Doctor Cullen, Uncle Jasper, and that's it." She says softly, smiling at Jasper. "Uncle Jasper?" He questions softly. "Yep. In 1908 you left and joined the army. You came back 1912, only to say goodbye because you were turned into a vampire and it was no longer safe to be around us. Only I knew you were a vampire though, but I kept it a secret." She says, still smiling. Everyone heads into the house. Except Edward. He grabs her by the elbow and brings her to the piano. He begins to hum, then starts to sing the song. [Verse 1:] Oh uh-huh If you ever find yourself stuck in the middle of the sea I'll sail the world to find you If you ever find yourself lost in the dark and you can't see I'll be the light to guide you Find out what we're made of When we are called to help our friends in need [Chorus:] You can count on me like 1, 2, 3 I'll be there And I know when I need it I can count on you like 4, 3, 2 You'll be there 'Cause that's what friends are supposed to do, oh yeah Ooooooh, oooohhh yeah, yeah [Verse 2:] If you're tossin' and you're turnin' And you just can't fall asleep I'll sing a song beside you And if you ever forget how much you really mean to me Every day I will remind you Oooh Find out what we're made of When we are called to help our friends in need [Chorus:] You can count on me like 1, 2, 3 I'll be there And I know when I need it I can count on you like 4, 3, 2 You'll be there 'Cause that's what friends are supposed to do, oh yeah Ooooooh, oooohhh yeah, yeah You'll always have my shoulder when you cry I'll never let go, never say goodbye You know... [Chorus:] You can count on me like 1, 2, 3 I'll be there And I know when I need it I can count on you like 4, 3, 2 You'll be there 'Cause that's what friends are supposed to do, oh yeah Ooooooh, oooohhh You can count on me 'cause I can count on you "You remember now?" He asks softly. She shakes her head. He was running out of ideas. He already brought her to her old house and the places she loved to be. There was only one thing left to do. He was going to bring her to the meadow. He leads her towards there. In the middle she stops. "Edward!" She yells and jumps into his arms. They kiss and spend the rest of the day in their meadow. Edward will just learn how to share. 2 MONTHS LATER! I soled graciousness at Edward across the room. He looks up at me and grinning pulls out a ring. "Bella, will you marry me?" He asks. "No." I say, and run out of the room and into the city. At human pace, I ran to the flower shop that I owned. That was 3 weeks ago. I opened the door, and watered all the plants. An old man comes in and asks from 1 crimson red rose. I looked up at him puzzled, but do as he asks. "I don't mean to pry, but why only 1 rose?" I ask him. "25 years ago, I asked my girlfriend to marry me, and she said no, but it was because she wasn't ready. She gets hit by a car and dies a few days at the hospital. Her last words were, I say yes. Her favorite flower was a rose, and she kept one crimson red one in her hair every day. I'm visiting her grave now." He says, his eyes twinkling in memorability. I nod my head, and close the store fast. "You made that mistake to huh" The man says. Yes I reply. "I didn't catch your name," I say. "Edward, Edward Masen, same as my great grandfather, but he died at a very young age. " He says, then I leave. Edward was playing his piano, and I run up to him and hug him as tightly as possible. He doesn't understand, but hugs me back, stroking my hair, whispering sweet nothings in my ear as I dry sobbed. "Edward, I want you to know, I do love you, but I'm not ready to get married just yet. I want you to know, I do plan to marry you someday." I tell him. After that day, for the next 5 months, he still hasn't given up. He tried proposing 9 more times, only to be turned down to each one. It all happened at Alice wedding. We were dancing, with my arms wrapped around his next, and his hands around my waist. He pauses for a moment, the drops down on one knee. Everyone stops what they're doing and looks. "Isabella Marie Swan, will you take pity on this poor soul and marry him?" H asks, grinning from side to side. I look around. People are nodding at me and pushing me forward. Alice screams from across the room, "Just do it already! You promised I would plan your wedding!" "Yes." I say, wrapping my arms around him, venom tears threatening to spill over. He picks me up and whirls me in a circle. Everyone begins to cheer and clap. And here I am now. Telling my story. One of my new powers was reproducing, so Edward and have 3 beautiful kids, and Rosalie and Emmett have 6, while Alice and Jasper only asked for one, and Esme and Carlisle have 12! Wow! Edward and I have been married for 395 years now, and still in love as ever. So there you have it folks! Make sure to check out my other stories!