name slowly and then sighed with a larger smile on his face. I shivered as I looked at him smiling at me. He said my name. And he was smiling at me. Me. Oh god. "Your new here right?" No matter how hard I tried I couldn't stop myself from frowning, this was worse then him not knowing my name. My worst thoughts had been right, eleven years and he hasn't even known that I existed. I sat next to him three times every week and he had never seen me. I had thought at the very least he knew that there was a quiet and odd girl that sat next to him in History. "No" I finally managed to choke out "I'm...I'm not new" He looked confused. "Really?" He asked "How long have you been going here?" I cringed in embarrassment and my mind raced as I tried to decide I should lie or not. Not long, just a few weeks. Thats the reason that you've never noticed me. Not because no one ever notices me. Knowing I would most likely get caught in my lie I shrugged and tried not to look too upset. "Jared we've been going to the same school for the last eleven years" I thought about it and my frown deepened "In fact now that I think about it you and I have taken more than a couple of classes with each other. And then there is the fact that I have been sitting next to you for months now." My rage shocked me but I couldn't stop the anger showing in my voice "We walk past each other in the hall way every day . You honestly have no idea who I am?" He had a blank look on his face before it turned to a mixture of embarrassment and shame. "No" He muttered with a pained look on his face. "Oh...right" With a nod I turned back to my work and tried not to scream. Jared had just talked to me. And I had yelled at him. For not noticing me. Dear god what have I done? "It couldn't have been that bad" I fell back onto my bed and cuddled into my pillow as I held the cordless phone to my ear. It had taken weeks of giggling with Kevin on the phone in the kitchen before my parents had snapped and agreed to fit my room with my own personal phone line. It was times like this that I was extra thankful for that decision. "You weren't there" I mumbled into the phone "Kevin he finally talked to me and I had a go at him. I practically spent two minutes ripping into him about not knowing who I am. Who in their right minds does that?" "Honestly?" I nodded, even though he couldn't see me he knew my answer. "No one" He chuckled. I groaned but a second later I was laughing with him, in times like this I knew I could rely on Kevin to make me feel better. It was true I still wasn't looking forward to facing Jared at school tomorrow but at least I could laugh about it now. "So any way" I said when my laughter had finally died down "How did dinner go?" "It sucked" He said in a bored voice "They came over and did the usual. Talked to me about school, asked if I had a girlfriend yet. And then they spent the rest of dinner and desert asking me why I didn't have a girlfriend. So you know, nothing new there" I rolled my eyes and scoffed in disgust, while I never said anything bad about them Kevin knew how I felt about his grandparents. In turn I felt mad at his parents as well, how could they let someone come into their house and insult their son like that? "They should say something" He sighed. "Its my mum's parents Kim, you know they wouldn't dare" He said in a tired voice. "You are their son!" "And they are my Mum's parents. You know they love me" "I know" I admitted "But they don't love you the right way" He laughed and I could practically see his smile. "They don't love me like you love me right?" "Exactly" I laughed "You wait. One day you will find a guy that loves you almost as much as I do" "Almost?" "No one could ever love you as much as I do idiot" "Yes" He replied in a voice dripping with sarcasm "I can feel your love" I let out a giggle as someone knocked softly on my door. "Hang on a sec" I held the phone away from my ear "Come in" "It's ten Kim" My mum said as she poked her head around the door "You know the rules. Lights out" I nodded. "I know Mum, I'm just finishing up" She nodded and blew me a quick kiss before closing the door. I put the phone back to my ear. "Lights out?" Kevin asked before I could start taking. "You got it. See you in the morning?" "See you then. And for the love of god women be ready!" "Yeah, yeah. Night" "Night" It wasn't in till I put the phone down that I remembered my reason for calling Kevin in the first place. Jared. Cute, gorgeous dark skinned god Jared. That I yelled at and ruined any chance of speaking too again. I turned off my bed side lamp and snuggled into my bed. It figures the day I grow myself a back bone would be the day I least wanted one. So love it? Hate it? Let me know! I've already got a few chapters written up so it shouldn't be too long in till my next update. I'm enjoying writing this story but please let me know if you think its worth finishing! I'm also looking for a beta if someone thinks they might be interested? ~XxxRememberxxMyxxLovexxX