eyes. Taking care to keep his pace human, he walked over to retrieve another blanket from one of the chairs, "You look cold." He opened the blanket and draped it over her. Bella accepted his actions and snuggled into the white cushions of the couch. "Good night, Isabella." Garrett whispered, moving to turn the light out. Bella took advantage of his slow pace and reached out to take hold of his arm before the light went out. The vampire tensed, he hadn't survived 200 years by letting someone catch him off guard. "I—" She let go of his arm, moving back to curl up in a ball, "I don't want to be alone." Bella's voice grew quiet as she spoke and Garrett nodded, knowing she wouldn't be able to see him. "Do you remember your life as a human?" Bella asked, trying to get him to say. Garrett sat down next to the couch, making sure he was loud enough so she would hear him. "Some things, but they have grown dull over the years. I tend not to think about them too much." Garrett replied, finding comfort in leaning his head back and closing his eyes. He felt the couch move as she shifted her head closer to his, "Will you tell me what you do remember?" Her sweet breath asked, casting an enchanting fragrance around him. He inhaled lightly, finding it odd that her blood didn't burn at his throat but soothed his still heart. "Well, I remember sneaking out to join in the Sons of Liberty at the harbor when I was 16." He smiled at the memory, finding it crystal clear in his thoughts, "My mother had wanted me to stay in but I just couldn't help it. We were fighting for our country; I couldn't just go to bed and passively let my dad go have all the fun." He retold the story as if it happened yesterday. Bella sighed, snuggling into the soft couch with a content smile, "It was dark out and there was just a sliver of moon for us to work by. You could feel the adrenaline in the air as we worked quickly and quietly." Garrett smiled, finding comfort in the memory, "We were doing something radical that would stir the passions of our small town; we changed the thoughts of the people. Our nation was born that night and I got to be a part of that." His mind wandered to the time long passed, seeing what else he remembered. "That was the winter of 1773 and I had just turned sixteen that July." His eyes grew in revelation as he remembered part of his human life he had since forgotten, "I…I was born on the 4th of July." Garrett picked up his necklace and started to look over the small treasures he had gathered over the eyes. His eyes flitted to the girl as her breathing evened out, "How did I not remember that?" He asked the sleeping beauty, curious if her unknown gift, which Carlisle had hinted at, had awoken thoughts of his long passed human life. "Good night, Isabella." He whispered, watching the peaceful human. Garrett grew entranced as he heard her easy breathing, the rhythm of her beating heart. He hadn't realized hours had passed by until the sun was dusting across the tops of the tall evergreens. XxX Carlisle ran as fast as his legs could carry him as he met up with the rest of the coven. They regrouped and split up again, this time he went to the West with Alice by his side. Alice had a certain bounce to her step and a glint in her eyes that did not go unmissed by the coven leader, it was one of the reasons he had chosen to pair off with her. "Alice?" Carlisle called them to a stop, knowing they were far enough away so no one would overhead the question that had been plaguing him all evening. His daughter obeyed and skipped over to him, "Why did you have us leave Bella alone with Garrett when he was telling her about his charms?" A large smile spread across the fairy's face, "What is the one thing you have wanted since you first met Garrett?" Taken back by the question Carlisle considered her riddle, knowing it held his answer, "For him to accept and join our lifestyle." "And our coven." Alice added for him, a mischievous twinkle in her eye. Carlisle waited for her to explain. Alice stepped closer to whisper, even though no one was around for miles, "I keep trying to look into Garrett's future, testing what would happen when people made certain decisions." She smiled triumphantly, like she had just solved the world's problems. Carlisle tilted his head, not tracking, "And?" "The only way I saw that happening is if he got time to talk to Bella alone ." Alice concluded, throwing her hands up as if it were the most obvious thing, "I have no idea how she will change his mind but she will. I saw it." Alice's eyes grew in enthusiasm, "Earlier tonight, I saw him with us, Bella too. We all had topaz eyes and we were together ." The words were uplifting to the vampire's dead heart and he smiled, hoping what she said wouldn't change with time. "And it wasn't a weak image; it was clear and permanent, even more so after we left the sitting room last night." Alice said as if in answer to his thoughts, "People's minds are already made up about different outcomes and, unless something big happens, we will all be together in the end. Bella, Garrett, all of us will be together." She repeated, the smile never once leaving her face. And, knowing the time wasn't right to reveal the last part of her vision, she took off running once more. Carlisle followed after her, his spirits lifted even in light of the looming newborn outbreak. XxX