still had a half hour to go in the Alice's House for Supper mission. "Alice can I talk to you for a minute?" That question came from Edward, which surprised me. Even Alice and Jasper looked a little confused. Alice nodded and they both disappeared from the living room, and their steps slowly got softer as they headed down the hallway. "So do you think the mission tomorrow is going to go over well?" I asked in a voice barely above a whisper. "It would be better if we knew more. I mean we're kind of charging the enemy blindly." "I agree, something seems off in the information, but we're a strong team Jazz. I am sure the three of us can handle a mission this small. We've dealt with a lot worse." He nodded knowing the exact missions I was talking about. "And we have the best weapon specialist in the world on our side. What luck." "Flattery will get you nowhere Jasper. I still won't tell you the specs on the new arm cannon in production." "You're a jerk Bells." "Yes I am a jerk, but I am a jerk who knows more than your sorry ass!" I laughed and Jasper shook his head at my childishness. I was the youngest member of our team and because of that I was often teased by my two old men -as I liked to call them. Even around the base, many people wondered how someone so young had managed to get a rank. Until, they found out exactly who I was. Isabella Marie Swan, blood type B negative, currently infatuated with Edward Anthony Cullen, joined KRATOS at age eight. Weapons specialist and technology expert. Now I was twenty-four years old, and I had been a soldier for sixteen. I pulled myself out of my mind when the soft sound of footsteps made their way back towards us. "Well, Isabella and I should head home," Edward stated as I glanced towards the clock. Two hours on the dot. "Thanks for dinner you guys. Maybe we'll have you over for supper this weekend." "That would be great!" Alice stated, and I could practically see her drooling over my cooking. "All right, see you guys." "Ciao!" I stated in perfect Italian as Alice and Jasper waved goodbye. "Thanks for the rescue my knight in shining armour." He flashed me a toothy grin and opened my door. "I thought only damsels in distress needed knights?" We walked into the house and I began pulling of his jacket, he laughed at my eagerness. "Well what if I am a damsel?" I asked kissing along his neck making my way towards his chest. "Well then," He stated using his finger to lift my chin, capturing my mouth with his. "Are you in distress my princess?" He pulled my shirt over my head and I realized the scenery had changed ever so slightly from the walkway, as we were now in the bedroom. "How is it you manage to do that," I muttered practically breathless as he ravaged my neck with his tongue. "Do what?" he asked slipping his jeans down to the floor. "Dazzle me." He smirked undoing my bra clutching my right breast in his hand. "Beautiful." He murmured as we fell onto the bed. I soon found his mouth on my nipple as I let out a low moan. God this man was perfect and more. His hand brushed against my thigh, deadly close to his target. Never gonna give you up! Never gonna let you down! Edward growled as he flipped open his phone, and I sat up wide-eyed. Rick rolled by his ringtone? You had to be kidding me. "Okay I understand are his vitals are stable? I'll be there as soon as I can, give me thirty minutes." I looked towards Edward who looked pissed off and sorry at the same time. "You know what they say honey, third time's the charm," I said trying to lighten the mood. "Thanks captain obvious, but I doubt all the cold showers in the world could take this away." "Called in at this time of night why?" I asked wrapping myself in the sheet, as Edward put on some scrubs. "Bad car accident," he stated. "Well be safe and see you when you get home." He rolled his eyes and kissed my forehead. "The chances of me being back before tomorrow night are slim, I'm just going to have to sleep when I can at the hospital." "I'll be at work for a long time anyway. Something like an eleven hour shift, so you'll be home before me anyways." "Why so late?" "The supplies we ordered to refurbish the back half of the store have arrived so I need to be there to make sure everything is finished properly." "So I'll see you after work love." "Miss you." He smiled and left the room, and I realized that any sexual frustration I had was now gone. I showered and placed on some black sweats and a red long sleeve shirt. I wanted to be comfortable if it was going to be a long day of fighting tomorrow. A/N: Many moons ago a friend and I co-wrote this story and she posted it on FF. She has since decided to no longer use this site so I have decided that I love this story to much to not post it. So its been heavily edited as we had wrote this over four years ago. It draws on ideas from full metal panic, but is stand alone and most of the ideas are from my head. It is different from your conventional war story and is made in an alternate universe, one that mirrors our own, but where groups like this exist to help. If you're wonderful enough to give it a chance I applaud you. Thanks so much, xxKei (PS- this is one of the shorter chapters that will be a part of this story.)