I craned my neck to see the mansion as Firerain moved away from its visibility before simply giving up. An hour passed in a daze. Jacob, watching me approach through the window, went outside and removed the lid to the water trough where Firerain trotted over to drink. As I struggled to get out Jacob scattered a block of hay and feed for Firerain. "Thanks." I gave Jacob my best smile. He did not hesitate to smile back. "Not at all, it is my pleasure. I have not seen you two in a long while …, was there a deferment for the harvest?" "Yes actually Charlie got injured; I finished the harvest by myself." I sighed. "Charlie? What happened— wait … by yourself? You harvested by yourself?" Jacob eyed my wiry build. "What is the reason for your surprise?" I asked crossly. He waved his hands defensively. "I mean … it is just that you have not harvested an entire lot by yourself before." I rolled eyes tossing my brown curls over my shoulder. "Do not underestimate me." "Sorry." Jacob offered me an apologetic hug. I accepted it without hesitation. I missed my old friend dearly. We had grown up together and we had even gone to the same school. I missed his comfortable warmth, stupid humor, and readiness to be there for me when I needed him. I sighed as I sank into his shoulder. Jacob snickered. "What?" I asked irritated. "Falling asleep already, Bella?" He rubbed my shoulder in a comforting manner. "Long trip." I sighed. "Can I…?" "Stay the night?" He asked. "I don't want to impose … where is your mother?" I mumbled lazily. "She is cooking." He informed me. My stomach growled audibly. I blushed in embarrassment. Why was it so darn hard to hide embarrassing bodily functions? He laughed, leading me passed the shop and into their living quarters. "You are welcome to anything we have! We have known you too long for you to be a stranger." He led me with his arm around my waist. It was a bit irritating but I did not have the heart to push him away when he was being so kind. "Rebecca?" He called out to his little sister. The little female tyke whizzed around the corner. "Bella! Is Firerainy here?" It was nice to see that she missed me. "Yes, he is outside." I smiled at child with wispy black hair. "Not so fast." Jacob called to her as she got ready to dash outside. "Can Bella stay the night in your room? She is very tired." "Mhmm." She murmured, her eyes fixed on the window, trying to spot Firerain. "I will sleep in the shop." "No," Jacob averred, "you are sleeping in the living room. The shop is too dangerous for a little tyke like you." Rebecca pouted but said remained silent as she continued to make her way outside where Firerain stood. "She missed you too." Jacob tried to reassure me, as we made our way to Rebecca's room. I chuckled. "It is quite all right. I know she likes animals more than people." I sat down on Rebecca's bed, looking up at a Jacob grinning. His desolate black hair was especially frizzy today even more so than Rebecca's, and that child ran around like there was no tomorrow. Noticing my curious observation he tilted his head in question. "Your hair is a mess." I told him. He attempted to run his hand through his hair, which was unsuccessful because his hand became stuck halfway through. "I have not had the time to tame it for a while." He observed me through wide eyes before speaking again. "You look sort of rugged today. Are you not getting enough food?" I sighed, sitting down on Rebecca's small bed. "It has been hard around the farm ever since Charlie twisted something in his back." As soon as I sat down I could feel a creeping lethargy nagging at me. "There's not enough time in the day." Jacob pouted and sat down next to me. "Oh, yes! What happened?" "He tried to open the barn door like he was a 20 year old again." I flinched at the memory of him freezing at the barn door like something in his body had given out. "… He twisted something I suspect seeing as he could not move for days but he is healing slowly and getting a little better each day." Jacob sighed as well. "That does seem like something he would do, too darn prideful to age." I laughed. "Yes." He stood. "I will tell my mother you are here and get you some food. Just relax okay?" He flashed me a kind smile and I smiled back habitually. This was the Jacob I knew and loved; kind, sincere, and accommodating. I watched his large build disappear through the doorway. When he left my creeping lethargy returned and when it did it was so difficult to fight off. Pushing my eyes as far open as they could go only made me dizzy. When I tried to pinch my cheeks my arms felt too heavy to respond to my command. I fell asleep because it was inevitable. And with this sleep I dreamed. In my dream I was standing on the muddy bank of a lake, the murky green water swept up in ripples to meet my feet. I looked down at the murky water, absently wondering why I couldn't see my reflection. In a daze I saw the shadow of a small person behind me. Turning around to meet this stranger I saw nothing but mud and grass. A high pitched voice laughed at my confusion. You cannot see me? She laughed again. Where are you? I wanted to ask but my lips could not move. The shadow moved and felt a hand press against my chest. I wanted to panic but the hand was strangely warm and comforting somehow. I am right here. She said.