Embry asked after a moment of finally letting everything that I was telling him sink in. "I am staying with my mom at the moment, but you know how she is so I'm looking for a place to stay, even if I have to dip into the forbidden fund." The forbidden fund was the trust fund that my father has set up for me, because of this fund I can live comfortably for years and never have to worry about working. I don't like the idea of being the spoiled rich kid however so I don't really dip into my trust fund, unlike my sister who had almost gone through hers by buying all of her cars, multiple houses, and designer everything. I've never wanted to be thought of as the rich girls so the only things that I have allowed myself to splurge on were my clothing, since my loving daddy had bought me my car. Embry looked shocked, he's always known about my money situation but he also knew that I NEVER wanted to spend my money unless I have too. I want to keep it for when I have children so that I will be able to take care of their every need without having to worry about the money situation. "I know of a couple places if you want to follow me, and most of them aren't very expensive so you shouldn't have to dig into the fund if you don't want to." Embry said with a little grin. "Awh you are the very best Embry!" I said with a smile before turning to Jacob and Quil and giving them a tiny smile and a barely audible "Hi" and shy little Kim is back. Why can't I just sound confident I mean I've known those two for years, I used to make pies and cookies for them! Jacob grinned, "Yup this is most defiantly Kim, she never was able to talk in front of me." I blushed at that because I knew that it was true. Every time that Jacob came over I would turn into myself and only mumble and blush. To someone who didn't know me you would probably think that I had this huge crush on Jacob, this wasn't the case however because well, we've already covered that. "Seriously! She would sometimes talk around me, then I would make a comment and she wouldn't say anything to me again…" Quil said, almost looking like he was proud that I talked around him. Embry just shook his head and linked his arm with mine, "C'mon you guys! We've got some apartment shopping to do!" With that all of us took off around the town looking for a reasonable apartment. I didn't want anything big I just wanted a place to stay until I got the money to buy my own house. Embry took me to a couple houses and every time I thought that it was something I would like one of the boys would stop there joking and point out a potential problem which freaked me out and made me say that we should probably keep looking. Finally we came up to a little house it wasn't extravagant but it was cute, and according to the newspaper that we picked up at Mama Call's it was also for rent. It was a little log cabin almost like a hunting cabin that was hidden in the woods a little ways. It was two stories tall but not all that large, and it even had a little front porch! I smiled just looking at it knowing that it was perfect, not what I was used to since I've been living in a rich girls paradise most of my life but it was nice. I smiled to myself and quickly walked up the porch and inside, it opened into a nice little country style kitchen which went right out into a country style living room in a very open way. There was also a small little bathroom downstairs that didn't have shower. Upstairs there was a large master bedroom, which opened right into a bathroom this one of course had a shower. It was only a one bed room house but that was all I needed. I was in love. ( kims_rental_home/set?id=131032335) I looked at both Quil and Jacob and gathered all of my courage before finally saying, "Don't say anything. This place is perfect." They both nodded in what appeared to be approval but I couldn't really tell. The realter who was showing us around however turned to my quickly and started talking to me about price and all the other important information which I was supposed to know. After telling me everything I needed to know we made an appointment for tomorrow morning to sign all the papers so that I can move in. I couldn't be happier right now. I finally have my first house! Well it's a rental but still! I have or I should say as of tomorrow I will have my own place. I spent the rest of my day in my own little blissful haze. I was so happy that I even had an almost normal conversation with Jacob and Quil, I say almost because I never really raised my voice or said much but I participated and that's more than I normally would do. I wasn't out all that late because I had told my mom that I would be home for dinner since Kelly had called and said that she couldn't come because of something having to do with her pregnancy. When it was finally time for bed I was more than ready to get some sleep, that is if I can sleep at all because I'm almost shaking from excitement about going and signing my renters agreement tomorrow… There you go you guys! I hope that you liked it as much as I do. I really feel like something good could come from this story! Kisses!