mine…" Billy stated, he wouldn't believe it. He couldn't. " I am a little over three months pregnant Billy! You do the math!" Billy didn't need to, he looked at her stomach and saw the start of a baby bump. He sighed before shaking his head "I'm sorry!" Tiffany brought her hand back and slapped Billy with as much force as she could, smiling with satisfactory as she saw the red imprint left on his cheek "You don't deserve this child anyway!" " Fine by me!" Billy shouted at her "I have a family! I have all the family I need. My wife is pregnant, my WIFE!" " You will never be a part of my child's life! I promise you that Black!" " Good! I don't need it in my life anyway!" he regretted those words, but he couldn't take them back, not now! He watched as Tiffany glared at him with ice cold eye before breaking down and running away from his house. "The day I heard you were born… I wanted to come and see you… I really did." Billy pleaded as he glanced over at Embry "I-I was ashamed in myself that I wasn't there… The day I found out you were born was officially one week later. Sue had come around and told me that Tiffany had her son. But the same day I found out, Sarah went into labor with Jake… I'm sorry" "Sorry doesn't cut it Billy!" Embry sneered, he stood up not realizing that Leah had clasped his hand in the process of the story as moral support, he pulled her up with him! "Sorry doesn't cut you not being there for me for eighteen years! For eighteen years you never told me, but you tell me now?! I could have lived not knowing who my dad was! Sure, there was a part of me that wanted to know! But I could live with not knowing you were my father!" "How could you do this?!" Jacob stood up and glared at his father "You knew Embry was my brother?! You knew he was your son and you never told us?! Don't you think the twins and I deserve that much?!" Embry began shaking with rage and he felt Leah let go of his hand "Do you know what it feels like to grow up without a dad?! Knowing your dad didn't want you?! Knowing your dad didn't love you…" "I do love-" Billy started but he was interrupted. "Save it! I don't want to hear it!" Embry's shaking never stopped but he kept control of his wolf, he wouldn't phase. Not here. He saw his mother stand up and he glared at her "You knew he was my father all along? You never told me?! How could you?!" "Son, you didn't need him in your life. I didn't want him to abandon you the way he did me. You don't deserve that…" she cried. "You're right about that mum… But I don't deserve to be lied at!" He yelled. "Don't talk to your mother like that!" Billy shouted "She doesn't deserve to be yelled at!" "Don't you dare tell me what to do!" Embry yelled. His anger welled up to the point where he didn't think he could control his wolf anymore. Jacob, knowing that there was a possibility Embry could phase soon, stood in front of Billy and motioned for Paul, Quill and Sam to stand in front of the others. Even though Jacob was disgusted and disappointed in his father, he didn't want him hurt. "You need to calm down, man" Jared stated, he pushed Embry back a little and looked at Leah and Seth for help. Seth instantly stood up, but Leah looked to be in her own little world. With one last glance to his mother and his 'father', Embry let out a snarl before he felt himself being pushed back. He was about to phase when Leah snapped out of her trance. "Don't phase!" She yelled "Wait!" Embry couldn't control his shaking; it was becoming worse and worse every time he even heard Billy breathing. "Please don't phase Bry. I have figured something out and I need you in human form to be able to understand me…" even though Embry didn't want to listen to Leah, he did. She never said 'please' to anyone but Seth. "Leah, now isn't the time to-" "Shut it Paul!" Leah yelled "I-I… Billy, Embry is a week older than Jacob. Correct?" "You already know the answer to that, Leah" Paul stated. "Shut it, Paul. I want to hear it from Billy!" She glanced over at the man in the wheelchair. "Correct" Billy whispered, his eyes occasionally drifting to Embry. "Him being your son, Billy, means he is a direct descendant of Ephraim Black. He is a week older than Jacob, now… There is not much age difference, but, he is still older…" She then gave Jacob an apologetic look before glancing towards Embry and then the council… "This means that, Jacob Black is not the true Alpha of the pack as he is not the oldest boy of the Black family… Embry is…" Leah breathed in before looking towards Embry. His face remained expressionless. No one said a word, not a soul. They all knew what Leah was implying. The elders also knowing that Leah was indeed correct. Embry Call is the true Alpha… Destiny - The truth Just to clear things up, I know that Embry comes off the Uley family tree which means he is more likely to be Joshua Uley's son. But, for the purpose of the story, I rearranged it for obvious reasons. Well, I hope you enjoyed it. It wasn't that great, but this is only the beginning. I don't usually do well with beginnings/first chapters of stories. But I hope you still liked it none the less. Don't forget to review. Merry Christmas and happy New Year. I hope you have a good one. Xx