should have told me, Paul," Leah sobbed. She buried her face into Pauls shoulder as she cried, "I deserved to know instead of finding out how I did…" Paul didn't know what else to say, he wasn't good with this stuff. So he just held her as she sobbed. They stayed there for an hour before Leah finally lifted her head from Pauls shoulder and looked up at him, "Thanks Paul." " No problem," he mumbled, "We should get you home. I bet your parents and Seth are worried about you." Leah nodded and they made their way towards her house. No words were shared between the two of them, only silence. But that didn't bother the both of them. They both preferred it this way. Once they had arrived at the Clearwater residence Leah went to turn around to face Paul to thank him. She jumped when she heard her name being shouted from her little brother. " Leah!" Seth shouted, he bounded off the porch and engulfed her in a hug, "Emily's in hospital. Sam brought her around and said she has been mauled by a bear," Leah untangled herself from Seth and drew in a deep breath. "I need to get to the hospital," " I'll drive you, Leah. You're in no condition to drive," Paul suggested, Leah merely nodded and made her way towards the car. " I'm going to go in with Dad later on," Seth said softly, "He had to go and talk to the elders," Before Leah knew it, she and Paul were pulling up to the hospital. Without thinking Leah threw open the door and bolted towards the entrance. Once inside she saw her mother looking very distraught. " Mum," Leah sobbed. She felt herself being embraced by her mother as she broke down crying, "How did this happen?" " Sam said you and Emily had gotten into a fight and Emily tried to chase you. He said she didn't know where you had run off to and she always knew you liked to go to the forest to think so she ran in there. He said that he couldn't find you so turned around to try and find Emily so they could find you together, it was then he heard her scream…" Leah zoned out as her mother continued speaking. This was her fault? Emily was trying to find her? " I-I have to go and see her…" Leah trailed off as she wiped the tears from her eyes, "This is my fault." Leah hadn't realised that Paul has made his way behind her until she heard his voice, "It's not your fault Leah…" Paul had heard the story Sue had told her daughter and knew that Sam left the real reason why Leah has run off and that angered him. Did Sam not have the guts to come clean to someone who had treated him like a son? Leah ignored Paul and started heading towards Emily's room. As she made it to the door she saw Sam sitting on the side of the bed with Emily gently stroking his face. The door wasn't fully closed and before Leah had turned to leave, her whole world crumbling again she heard Emily whisper to Sam, "It's ok Sam. It's ok. I accept this. You and me, I accept this." That's all it took for Leah to take off from the hospital, Paul hot on her tail. Paul had been there for Leah from that day onwards, he slowly pieced her back together and they soon became inseparable. He wasn't as bad as Leah had thought he was. He was sweet, caring and knew how to make her happy. He became her rock and her best friend. Leah had shut off both Emily and Sam out of her life. At first her mother had tried to convince her to go and see Emily but once she found out about Emily and Sam she understood why Leah wanted nothing to do with either of them. Emily had tried to go around to see Leah one afternoon when Sue had stopped her at the door, telling her that since Leah didn't want to see her. She let Emily know that she was not welcome in this house until her daughter says otherwise. Although this broke Emily, she understood and once again asked Sue to tell Leah how sorry she was. Sam had tried to come around to apologise too and although Harry Clearwater knew the real reason why Sam was with Emily, seeing his daughter broken into pieces because of this boy made him not care for Sam in any way, shape or form. He warned him not to come back around here again and the only interaction that he would have with Sam was at council meetings. He even went as far as to put his gun to Sam's chest. Just for good measure. Leah was never bothered by Sam again after that day nor Emily. Leah had a lot to thank Paul for. After that night at the hospital, Leah never thought she would be able to go back to being her old self. She still saw the looks of pity that people gave her but she ignored them and with Paul constantly by her side, she felt alright. That was until Paul had disappeared with no warning and suddenly Leah had felt as if history seemed to be repeating itself. I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. It has been two years since I have posted anything up on fanfitcion. I just lost inspiration. Recently I started reading the wonderful stories on here and I gained the inspiration to write this story. I'm not 100% sure about the title, if you have any other suggestions, please feel free to let me know. Titles, for me, are the hardest to come up with. Thank you for taking the time to read this first chapter. Please let me know what you think by reviewing.