them with a stern look. "Whatever you say, babe," April chuckled, giving me a kiss on the cheek. "You should think about heading out thought, Marie," Larry said, "You've been here since we opened at seven; you've got to be exhausted by now." "Yeah," Chris interjected, "we've got it from here; you should head on home." "You guy's sure?" I asked, not wanting to leave them there if there was still work to do. "Yeah, we got it," Larry said, closing the register and collecting the tills and the deposits to put in the office safe. "Get out of here; we're sick of looking at ya," he joked. "Alright, alright, I can take a hint," I chided, grabbing my rag from off the counter where I had set it. "I'll see you guys Friday night then." "See ya babe," April called out after me, blowing a kiss in my direction. Waving at them I made my way to the staff dressing rooms located at the back of the building behind the second bar. Stripping out of my work clothes and hanging them in my locker, I grabbed my faded jeans and plain white t-shirt donning them before grabbing my jacket. It was early spring, and the air was still quite cold outside, especially in down town New York. Grabbing my bag I pulled my wallet out, shoved the envelope of cash inside before shoving it down the front of my shirt and into my bra. I had learned a couple tricks living in big cities for the past couple of years, and one of them was to never keep your cash or I.D. easily accessible. It was way too simple for a mugger to just run past, grab your bag, and run off with a whole weeks worth of cash and a piece of plastic with your name and address on it. Shutting my locker, I grabbed my bag and slung it across my shoulder, before turning to the mirror in the corner of the room. Grabbing the elastic that held my hair back I pulled it free, shaking out my curls and finger combing it till it lay flat, my bangs still covering the left half of my face. Even after all of these years I couldn't help but think there was a stranger in front of me as I looked at my reflection. Gone was that care free girl that lived in the moment and loved with no regret. Gone was the light in her eyes that even in the worst of cases shone with hope and determination. It had been twenty years since I last saw that person looking back at me. Twenty years since the love of my life had walked out on me and left me in the woods like I meant nothing. Twenty years since my father had died and the safe and happy world as I knew it ceased to exist. Looking back at me was a girl no older than twenty-one, but it was her eye, since the other one was now missing, the socket empty and surrounded by a mass of scar tissue that truly told her age. There was a weight to it that only came after seeing the many hardships that she had faced in the thirty-eight years of her life. This was the me I knew now. The door behind me opened and April walked in, tying her hair up in a messy bun. "You're still here girly?" she asked, heading towards her own locker. Breaking my stare from the mirror I turned towards her and flashed a fake smile, too tired to try and conjure up a real one. "I'm heading out now," I told her, zipping up my jacket. "Do you want a ride? I brought my bike," she asked, holding up a black helmet with a visor. The thought of being back on a bike, being like it had when riding with him made me cringe on the inside and have to fight back down the rising feeling of being suffocated. Trying to keep a calm face and pushing back the beginnings of a panic attack, I shook my head. "No thanks," I told her, backing away towards the door. "You live in the opposite direction of me, I wouldn't want to put you out of your way." "You sure?" She asked, grabbing her own bag. "I hate it when you go walking around by yourself at night." "I'll be fine. Besides," I said, "It's after five; people are starting to head to work anyways, the streets will be starting to get busy." "Alright," She sang, "Just be safe out there." "I will." We walked each other out to the doors of the bar. Stepping outside April gave me one last hug before walking over to Jimmies' parking lot where her bike was parked. Looking up at the sky line it was still pitch black, but the slight lightening of the sky towards the east, hinting that sunrise would not be too far off. People in suits, kids in street clothes and the odd homeless person roamed the streets already. It seemed to me that New York was indeed the city that never slept, and with no small amount of irony I placed myself into that category as well. With a small humorless snort, I shrugged my shoulders and started making my way home. AN: Thank you for reading. As I said above, this is the first time I've written anything in three years, so I hope you like it. Any review or criticism is greatly welcomed. As I do not have a beta or an editor at the moment, I apologize for any spelling or grammatical errors, and if any are found I ask that they be pointed out to me so they may be fixed. I hope you enjoyed, and I hope to have chapter 2 up within the next few days as I am on vacation and should have some free time.