time Bella. "I don't know what I will do about my parents Aaron" she looked over again at Edward and Bella. "oh my god" I said loudly. I jumped from my sit everyone looked at me oddly. " you're your-"I couldn't finish my sentence before Carlie stopped , "what ever you do don't finish that sentence please Alice" she pleaded but her eyes where happy. "but I'm happy" I pleaded jumping up and down "I know you are but please if you have trouble with blocking your thoughts from Edward my brother can help" I stopped. "how can he help" I asked intrigued, I saw Edward glaring at her, wow I cant believe that Edward is a father of Carlie and Caleb. But I was blocking my thoughts. " Caleb's power is blocking, a mental shield he gets it from our mother" I cast a look at Bella. Wow. "wow, well I wont tell anyone your secret promised. Not until you want them to know." I told her. She smiled. "thank you Alice, I know its hard for you to keep this a secret but your be rewarded for it." she told me. I just had one question. "before you go to sleep can I ask you a question" I asked, she nodded. "if you are that to them, who are they to them?" I asked confused while pointing to Aaron, Allan, Rosalind and Mary. Everyone was confused by my question but not Carlie. "ah" she said " I will answer that tomorrow it's a long stories and I can say something without giving something out, understand" she said smiling. I laughed then looked at Edward who was playing with sleeping Bella's hair, he was lost in thought and didn't notice me glance that way. "I'm sorry, but do you love your father." I question, she smiled and also shot a quick glance at Edward. "he the best, number 1 dad. isn't that right Caleb?" she said and asked Caleb. Amazing how much that boy looks like his Father. "aw yes that is when your not in trouble. But anyways he awesome" he said smiling. He an amazing brother too. "well lets get you 6 to bed so I don't have to keep this to my self for long." I said quickly, they laughed. Carlie looked unsure. "um where do we sleep, we could go to a motel, we don't want to intruded." she said shyly, blushing slightly. Carlisle looked shock "no nonsense Carlie you and the girls stay in the guest room, while the boys stay in my room" Carlisle said softly. Carlie smiled "are you sure Carlisle" I could see she had trouble saying Carlisle, I imagine she called him grandpa in there time which I wonder how far that is. Wait is Caleb blocking my thoughts. "Caleb are you blocking me" I asked him, he chuckled " yes Alice I'm blocking you" wow interesting power. "does it work while your sleeping." I asked. He nodded "how far can you block" he smiled "just don't leave the state" I gasped and so did everyone else. "that's more powerful then Renata who's in charge to protect Aro" Carlisle said in absolute awe. I nodded. He chuckled "you think that's powerful you should see my moms she could block you if you where in Florida and she was here." our mouths where gasping. "wow that's impressive" I shook my head shock, "wonder what Aro would say if he finds out about you and your mother" Carlisle said out loud but there was worried in his forehead.= Allan and Aaron looked at each other Caleb just snickered. But they didn't elaborate. "well lets get you 6 to bed." they nodded eagerly. I walked the girls to guest room. "you guys sleep here" I told them. They got into the room, Carlie came to me. "thank you," I nodded and smiled at my niece. Then she mouthed something to me that I thought I would never here. 'I love you, Aunty Alice' I stood there shock, then shook my head and mouthed back 'love you too' she smiled and went to bed. I saw Carlisle leave his room, we meet at the stairs. "well that was an interesting visit" he said quietly. "yes dad, yes it was" he smiled at me. We walked down stairs and went into the living room. Edward was gone and so was Bella. "where Bella and Edward go?" I asked, while sitting next to Jasper. Emmett answered "Eddie took bells to his room" I nodded, "Don'.." I heard Edward growl at Emmett. Emmett just laughed and shrugged. Seconds later Edward came down the stair, he came into the room glaring at Emmett. He sat down and looked at me. "what do you know?" he asked, "I cant tell" I simply replied. He sighed. "come on Alice, who are they" he pointed upstairs. I sighed and lend forward, "I wish I can tell you, but you should learn it from them it would be more special" I said getting gentle by every word. He sighed and put his head backwards, he then thought of something and he looked at me, "then why does that Caleb boy look so much like me" he said confused. "Edward your questions would be answered tomorrow, calm down" I said getting irritated. He frowned "I'm going shopping. They need clothes and I need a guy to come" I looked at all the male, Carlisle got up "I need to go do something in the study" with that he flew up the stairs "dad! Really" I heard him chuckled in his study. I turned to Edward, Emmett and Jasper. "before you leave this isn't a regular shopping trip I'm not buying things for me, I'm buying things for the kids , I need a male to get there you know" they nodded, Jasper got up. "I'll go with you honey" he smiled. I smiled too. "thank you" with that we left to the stores.