As they walk away, we decide to put our heads together and give them a dose of their own medicine. Flipping through the book of songs, we try to think of a song that will tell them how we feel...just like they did last night for us. Our situation is way more complicated with the dog pound breathing down our necks. After perusing the songs for 20 minutes, it hits me like a bolt of lightning. "Do you trust me?" I ask my sisters. They glance at each other and nod their heads. I grab the pen and paper and fill out our song choice. "This song suits our needs for the time being. It will tell them what we are going through and what we plan on doing soon." I explain. We are overtaken by giggle fits and we are obviously in agreement with the song choice I have made. Dad comes strolling in and heads right for us with a questioning look on his face...until he sees the dog pound stumble out of the restrooms with the bitch trips. As his face turns a lovely shade of puce, I pull him down in the stool beside me and whisper in his ear that we have a plan. He needs to play along with us for now and trust us to make things right. He nodded his acceptance and we are called up to perform our song. Of course, we are booed as we take to the stage, but we keep our heads up high. No one was ever graced with the pleasantries of our voices in this town and we are about to pop their tops. Looking around the room, we see a lot of curious eyes on us. Then we spot them and grace them with small sad smiles. We already decided that Alice would go first, then Rose, and I would finish up. As the opening strains of the song started, you could hear a collective gasp from the crowd. Everyone knows that there are some singers you just can't imitate or sing perfectly to. Well, lets get this shit started shall we? She loved him like he was The last man on Earth Gave him everything she ever had He'd break her spirit down Then come lovin' up on her Give a little, then take it back Alice's sweet, low, sultry voice was perfect for the first verse. I see all of their eyes go wide as she finishes up her verse, but her eyes are solidly plastered on Quil's. He cowers behind Embry whose jaw has dropped to his feet. Jake looks like he's ready to murder someone. Yeah, this is gonna get really interesting real fast! She'd tell him about her dreams He'd just shoot 'em down Lord he loved to make her cry You're crazy for believin' You'll ever leave the ground He said, Only angels know how to fly Rose hits hers like it's easy pickins. Our guys are now vibrating with fury. They always wanted us to sing for them but we always denied them...until tonight. Our father is beaming with pride. A wide smile spread across his face. I decide to let them have the first hook to themselves. And with a broken wing She still sings She keeps an eye on the sky With a broken wing She carries her dreams Man you ought to see her fly My sisters harmonize flawlessly. They sound so good together with Rose going high while Alice stays low. I chance a glance at the Cullen clan and see that their eyes are wide with wonder. There is a slight undertone of hostility when they glance over at the dog pound. When the light bulb turns on, their heads whip back to us and their eyes are murderous. I flick my eyes to the dog pound and back to them quickly and shake my head telling them to leave it for now. They reply with a sharp nod and their eyes soften as they continue listening to our serenade. I step up to blow the top off this fucker and hand everyone their asses. One Sunday morning She didn't go to church He wondered why she didn't leave He went up to the bedroom Found a note by the window With the curtains blowin' in the breeze By the time I finish the last verse, everyone is on their feet hootin and hollerin for us. Everyone that ever hated us seemed to change their minds real quick. I see the bitch trips scowling at us, the dog pound shaking in their shoes with fury, our father dancing his way up to the stage to show his support, and even people lighting their lighters and gently swaying to the song. We all decide to harmonize after I belt out the last hook to make sure everyone gets what they came for. And with a broken wing She still sings She keeps an eye on the sky With a broken wing She carries her dreams Man you ought to see her fly With a broken wing She carries her dreams Man you ought to see her fly When the last note finally ends, the bar erupts in a standing ovation. Looking all around, I didn't realize that the entire town came in to see who was singing. Standing by their sons, Dr. and Mrs. Cullen had wide smiles and tears in their eyes. All the other elders of the town were clapping so hard I'm sure they'll be feeling the sting for weeks after tonight. Everyone we went to school with bowed down to us for the first time since we arrived in this piece of shit po dunk town. For the first time since moving here, we were on top of the world...until the dog pound drug us out of the bar and into our cars. There would be hell to pay when we got home tonight and it was so worth it.