Jacob a little tighter (difficult with such a small hand around such a thick cock) and began stroking harder and faster and with more vigour; it was like Seth hadn't realised jacking off was the same thing. "Yeah, that's it!" Jacob enthused, hoping to inspire the boy into bigger and better things. "A little bit of lubrication..." Jacob suggested. Seth slowed slightly as he looked around, hoping to find something within reach. Jacob realised either Seth always had lube present, or he'd never tried this: Jacob sat up – causing Seth to turn around to watch – and gathered as much saliva in his mouth as possible. He let it form a glob between his plump lips because letting it drop right onto the tip of his upward-pointing cock. The blob spread out over the head and ran down the shaft, leaving behind it a glossy trail over the dark pink head and the rim. Seth stroked his hand up to meet the advancing spit, letting his hand coat in the saliva as he loosely slid his hand over the now-exposed head. Although Jacob has applied a lot of saliva, his cock had a large surface area to cover such a long and thick piece of meat. Soon the saliva was thinning out and drying up; Seth looked to Jacob who nodded his head toward his pulsing cock. At this, Seth shuffled closer, gathering saliva just as Jacob had and positioning himself directly above the cock. He spat the glob onto the head and caught it with his stroking hand which had now been joined by the other hand – one working the top half and the other working the bottom. Jacob was lost in the tempo, so he showed his gratitude with a reassuring pt on the back, which turned into a pat on the head, which left Jacob running his hands through the short hairs on Seth's head. It was then Jacob had realised he wasn't with Bella, nor had he been imagining it with Bella, and he was just enjoying the sensation. He smiled, there is hoping of forgetting her after all. As Seth continued to pleasure Jacob, hoping it was worth the internal conflict in his mind, he continued to apply more lubricating saliva as the old batch ran dry. Each time his head moved forward, it was followed by Jacob's hand on the back of his head, slowly massaging his hair. Jacob was falling deeper into the action; with the blood, his consciousness and sense of anything was rushing to the tip of his cock where Seth twisted and stroked over the ridges of the head, causing Jacob's butt to tense and thrust into Seth's hands. Seth leant forward to apply more lubrication for the umpteenth time when Jacob decided (out of his right mind) to up the pace. Subconsciously applying slight pressure on the back of Seth's head, Jacob tactilely persuaded Seth to take his aching cock in his mouth. With some resistance – Jacob assumed he wasn't sure what was going on or he realised and didn't want to do it, however with Jacob's persistent and superior strength made it happen – Jacob's tip brushed on Seth's which parted reluctantly, however Jacob had stopped forcing when Seth had moved down to meet the tip halfway of his own accord. Jacob's back arched off the lounge as he sky rocketed in bliss. The warm wetness of Seth's mouth – that struggled greatly to take the girth of Jacob's beast – sent electric sparks from his tip to his spine, causing all his hair to stand on end. Although Jacob seemed confident to Seth, this was only his second blow job, the other was from Quil back at a sleepover when they were younger. His body wasn't used to the immense pleasure and was rapidly building for release. Seth had only placed the head in his mouth before spluttering, retracting and trying again, and yet the blow job felt how fireworks look: abso-fucking-lutely amazing. All the while Seth continued to stroke the remained of the cock that didn't fit into his mouth with both hands. Jacob kept his hand placed on the back of Seth's head, continuing to massage through his hair and assisting slightly with the downward motion. As Jacob was beginning to breathe heavily, panting to keep the juices at bay, all while Seth continued to bob up and down on his hard-to-the-point-of-exploding cock, a noise came from the front door. "Jacob," it was Billy, "are you home?" As the front door squeaked open, Jacob's muscles tensed out of shock, causing his cock to erupt its juices. Lost in the mental black out, Jacob's hand grab a fist full of hair and forced Seth's already-overextended mouth an inch and a half lower on his cock. Spluttering and flapping about, Seth tried to remain quiet, hoping beyond hope that Billy couldn't see into the darkened room where his son's spunk seeped from the corners of one of his pack member's mouth a mere six meters away. The strange mixture of fright and orgasm ebbed from Jacob's system; his muscles quickly relaxed and his let go of Seth's head. Seth silently removed his mouth from Jacob's meat; any cum that wasn't directly injected into his stomach had fallen out onto the crotch of Jacob's dress pants, along with copious amount of saliva that Seth's body produced in an attempt to cough up the invading specimen in his mouth. Seth quickly sat up from Jacob's lap who also prayed the darkness was enough of a cover to shield what he now realised was a stupid idea. Jacob sneakily tucked his cock back into his pants, ignoring the cum pools on his pants for the time being, and waited for his father's react to his response, "yeah, I'm home." Although it had been mere seconds since Billy had knocked on the door – everything happening so fast – Jacob knew that his father realised what had transpired.