very passionate to say the least, so when they started to talk to one another about future plans I quickly left the room. I went outside the house to get some fresh air with my camera clutched in my hands, escaping away from the murky stale air inside. The place was so green and lush I couldn't believe my eyes, back home in Phoenix our only garden were Cactus's, so to actually have green trees and bushes around was so weird and alien. If only the clouds would break so the sun could add some light. A cold breeze caught my dark brown hair and made it dance in the wind and sent a shiver through my whole body. Venturing deeper into the forest I began taking photos of all the different flora and fauna, trying to find a small connection to this place. I didn't know how deep into the forest I had gotten until I could have sworn I heard a twig break behind me, I turned in absolute fear expecting a bear or some sort of animal. But there was absolutely nothing, which I think was scarier. As I continued to try and find my way out I could hear strange wind patterns rushing through some of the trees. It was all a little weird, especially when a branch snapped off and landed a couple of meters away from me. I don't know why, but I didn't feel alone. I must honestly be going crazy or maybe I was already crazy and this was the symptom. Even though I didn't feel entirely safe, I couldn't help but want to return every day to the forest. And I did for the next three days before I had to start school. Every day walking deeper and deeper, always hearing the weird whooshes of air pockets and twigs snapping but I got more and more comfortable with it as I walked on. But what my days in the forest really revealed to me was that my mom and Phil didn't really care what I did with my time or even where I was. They were always coming and going, which really didn't bother me too much, I just hated being alone and it was very clear to my here in Forks, that is exactly what I would be; alone. Sitting out in the forest just inside the tree line sketching the tree in front of me I heard mom come down for breakfast which I had waiting on the table. Checking my watch I knew I needed to head to school, I wish I could just stay in my forest forever. As I entered the kitchen, Mom actually looked up at me and asked if I was ready for school, which ofcause I was, but it was really the first I had heard from her in days. Ever since she married Phil her voice changed, she didn't sound like my mom and she certainly didn't smell like her either as I walked past her through the kitchen. I took the steps to at a time and I was quickly greeted with my room. It didn't smell like home so I burnt my favourite candles smothering my room in the smell of strawberries and raspberries making me feel a little better. I took out a pair of jeans and an black knit jumper and my brownish / red leather jacket and headed to the bathroom. As I let the heat of the water run over my body trying to wash away the fear of having to start at a new school and the fear my life was really changing in a way I didn't want it to. After I had all of my clothes on I went to the mirror to inspect how I looked. My deep brown eyes looked dead to me and missed the normal spark they used to have, my skin had taken on a new colour of pale with my new surroundings and my lips were a slight red from me biting them in concentration and fear, my hair wasn't going to do anything but just sit how it always would do I ran a quick brush through it and left it alone. I went back into my bedroom and placed six brand new books into my school bag which had faded with age and headed down stairs. I picked up my phone and keys on my way out the door and said a quick goodbye to my parents who couldn't have, at that point, cared less. My old truck sat beside the entry into the forest, Phil drove it here with mom when they came to deliver all the furniture, I think it was also to stop me from running away too. I slammed the door shut hoping most of the cold air could be kept out as I started the engine and turned up the heat. But nothing could keep colds sharp fingers out and I could still see my breath as I drove down the windy wet roads. Forks was the wettest and dare I say one of the coldest places in the whole of the US! I still wasn't sure if I loved or hated it, sure the forest was amazing but this cold was ridiculous. But I think was made me feel the coldest was that I felt like a cheap imitation as I headed to school, I wasn't going to be the Bella I wanted to be, even though I tried, I didn't know how to get back to being the girl everyone knew and loved. I just hoped I could duck under the radar and hide, praying and counting down the days before I could escape this small town and this life I was living for a new start. A clean slate, it was my silver lining to all of this and I would do everything I could to get it. Reviewing is cool, you should definitely do it! :P