frozen too, shocked and speechless. I saw a tear trickle down his cheek. "I'm so sorry, Jasper," I whispered, my own eyes filling up with unshed tears. He slowly stepped toward me and then surprisingly pulled me to him. He wrapped his arms around me and held me tightly. I did the same and braced my arms around him, feeling whole for the first time in a very long time. We hugged silently, relishing in having him inside of my hold, against my heart. I felt a heavy weight being lifted off of me. "I missed you too, Edward," he whispered and I squeezed him some more. I felt home in his arms. Reluctantly, after a while, we let go and pulled apart. His eyes were shiny and I softly dried his tears. "Uhm, do you want to help me with the icing?" he asked, a shy smile on his face, waving the icing tube he was holding in his hand. "Sure," I replied, grateful for his peace offering. I stepped closer to the counter and saw the reindeer cookies and the Santa cookies he had just baked. "They're adorable, Jay! Nobody will want to eat them, they look way too cute!" "Don't worry, Eddie, I'll eat them," Rosie declared as she emerged into the kitchen. Jasper and I looked at each other and bursted out laughing. It felt so amazing to be reunited with my friends and to feel this happy, and to be able to see Jasper's smile once again. … home …. It was way passed midnight and most of the guests had left. The party had been a real success, and now we were gathered in the living room, sitting around the couch. Alice, Jasper, Bella and Jacob, Emmett and Rosalie, and I. Together once again. I looked at all of them and felt so lucky to be here with them. They had all welcomed me back so easily and being with them was as easy as it used to be. "Thank you for still being my friends," I said. "I know I didn't show it, but I really did miss you while I was gone." "We thought you had forgotten about us, Mister Chicago," Bella slurred. "But we forgive you, because we're awesome and we love you!" She added, giggling. "Oh man, Swan is drunk," Rosalie said, rolling her eyes. Bella giggled again. "Yep, I am." I chuckled and looked around at all of my friends. "We really missed you too, Edward," Alice said. "I'm glad you're back." "I'm glad too, man," Emmett added. "It hasn't been the same without you." I felt like something was stuck in the back on my throat. I wondered if it was the alcohol that was making me so emotional. "I'm sorry for being a bad friend for so long. I won't do it again. I promise," I swore, my eyes meeting Jasper's. The intensity of his stare made me feel all warm on the inside. Rosalie yawned and Emmett chuckled. He got up and pulled Rosalie up with him. "Well sorry to be a party-pooper everybody, but I need to drive my wife back home before she passes out." "We should head back home too," Jacob said, grabbing Bella's hand. "I need to put this one to bed as well." "We'll still meet for lunch tomorrow, right? We still have to exchange gifts," Alice asked. After everybody confirmed that they'll be back here tomorrow afternoon, we all got up and made our way to the hallway to say goodnight. I lingered back a little, relishing in the sight of all of us together. I felt so fortunate. I followed them and noticed that Jasper was waiting for me, leaning in the doorway. When I reached him, I stopped in front of him. We stared at each other, no words needed. Our eyes said it all. I smiled up at him and he beamed back at me. "Hey, you guys, you're under the mistletoe," Alice announced. We both looked up and noticed the beautiful, pendant plant hanging above us. We looked back at each other and my heart sped with anticipation. His eyes burned through me. His eyes flickered to my lips and I licked them expectantly. "Come on, guys, we don't have eternity here. I need to go to bed," Rosie urged. Jasper smirked and stepped closer to me, hooking one of his fingers to one of the loops of my jeans. He pulled me closer slowly, taunting me. I was shivering with want. He leaned forward and softly pressed his lips to mine. It was slow and tender, and ended way to soon. When he pulled away, my hands flew up to his face without a second thought and held him there, desire boiling under my skin. I crashed my lips to his with fervor. Jasper responded immediately, his lips yielding to mine. He moaned and I took advantage of it, deepening the kiss. My hands gripped at his hair and his hands weaved their way to my hips, pulling me closer to him. The connection felt amazing. We fit together so perfectly and I knew I was home. When we finally let go, I heard coughing and giggling from the side. We both turned around, feeling suddenly bashful, to find our friends staring at us. "Wow, what was that?" Bella asked. I glanced at Jasper and he glanced back at me too. I liked seeing him this way, with his hair all tangled up, his cheeks flushed, and his lips plump from kissing. He looked sexy as hell. I grabbed his hand and looked back to my friends, grinning. "Hopefully, it's the beginning of something beautiful," I answered Bella. Jasper squeezed my hand and pulled me to him. "I'm really glad you came home, darling," he breathed with tenderness before kissing me once more. Merry Christmas y'all! I hope you enjoyed my little story :) and don't forget to review, it would be an awesome gift!