wanna sing, I wanna shout, I wanna scream till the words die out" I sang quietly "That's really good" Leah's voice came from behind me I screamed as I didn't know anyone was even in the room with me and fell of my seat. I looked up and saw Leah, Paul and Jake laughing at me "Haha, hilarious" I said sarcastically, "How did you guys even get in? Charlie's away back to work" I asked them "Front door was open" Leah laughed "You honestly didn't hear us? We weren't even trying to be quiet" Paul asked "I don't really pay much attention to noise when I'm playing" I said, "Where's Jared?" "Don't know, he wouldn't answer his phone and when we went to his house he wasn't in" Paul said sounding slightly worried for his best friend "That was good by the way, you gonna do it for your end of term project thingy?" Leah asked, she didn't know I was getting expelled "Uh, yeah about that…I got expelled" I said and everyone either groaned or gasped "What's all the intake of breath about?" Quil asked as he, Embry and Leah's little brother Seth walked into the tiny room "Bells got expelled because of what happened in art" Jake told them "What?!" Embry shouted "You're kidding!" Seth shouted even though he was a year below us in school and two years younger than me and Leah he was still one of our best friends which people just couldn't seem to comprehend how Leah and her little brother could have the same friends and be friends with each other "She's been fucking making fun of you since first year and you do that to her and you get expelled?" Jake asked "Seems like it" I said "What about school? You can't not go to school Bells" Paul said, he was kind of like my big brother like that, he was always thinking about the most important shit but other times I had to do the important thinking "I'm going to the one in Forks" I groaned and went to kick the closest thing to me which turned out to be my piano so I stopped mid-kick and groaned "You're going to Forks High?" Leah asked "Yeah" I sighed and sat down on the bench again "Fucking hell" Leah sighed and sat down next to me, "You're leaving me alone with them?!" Leah exclaimed making us all laugh "Way to sort your priorities Leah" I teased "You know I'll miss you, it isn't fair that you're having to leave La Push, seriously everyone's going to miss you, no one would miss Cara" Leah said "I'm gonna miss your bike" Paul said and I looked at him, "What? If you were having a good day you let me drive it to school, can't do that anymore" "I'll miss you too Paul" I said and he laughed "When you starting?" Jake asked me "Tomorrow I think" I told him "Forks, isn't that where the Cullen's live?" Quil asked "I think so why?" "Apparently they're really weird. They don't talk to anyone other than their relatives and are all like the most perfect people you have ever seen" Quil said sounding annoyed "What'd they ever do to you? You don't sound like you like them very much" Leah asked "You know how my mum works at Forks high?" He asked and we all nodded, "I had to go there one day to give her somethin' and when I was walking out the big guy tried to run me over" "He tried to run you over?" Embry repeated trying to hide his amusement like all of us "Yeah, I didn't even do anything" Quil said "Quil, people don't try to run others over for no reason" I stated "You must of done somethin'" Paul said "I didn't, I was walking out of the school and looked over and he tried to hit me, I don't even know the fuckers name!" Quil said "Do you want me to beat him up for you tomorrow Quilly?" I teased "Shut up and I told you not to call me that" Quil said "So Seth, how's the lovely third year?" I asked, he was two years below me, Leah, Paul and Jared and in the year below Jake, Quil and Embry but that didn't bother him that we were older "It's good, you realise the entire school is talking about what you did, right?" Seth asked "Well, at least I shall be remembered" I said, "Come on, I want to go and find Jay so I can break the news to him" "You just want to rub it in his face that you're leaving La Push and he needs to stay" Paul said "Not true, I would happily stay at La Push High but apparently Ted cannot handle me" "You should of seen his face when you walked out of the room, I think he just about had an aneurysm" Leah laughed "My work at La Push High is complete. Cause head teacher to have a mental break down, check. Make an enemy, check And get kicked out, check. Now I need to do it all again at Forks, I've got one and a half school years there, you think that will be enough time?" I joked "Nope, if you get kicked out of Forks before you graduate, I'm taking your bike" Paul said "No! NO, what did my baby ever do to deserve that kind of abuse?!" I asked and he just laughed "Chill out, I'm not going to steal your bike. Come on let's go find Jared" A/N So, what do we all think? First chapter, I know maybe not a lot happens in this chapter (you all might think differently?) But it's because it is the first chapter and I just kind of wanted you all to see what kind of person Bella is and her friends are like. So please tell me what you all thinkx