or not. And Bella it is. You can just call me Edward, no Mr. Cullen here. So what are you having tonight, I'll go grab it for you." I ask for a mojito, and he takes orders from the rest of the table. I sit down quietly and try to make sense of what just happened. He is back before I have much time to come to any conclusions. He hands me my drink and informs the table that a waiter will be bringing the rest over shortly. "So, Bella . What do you do in your spare time? Come here often?" I giggle, "Nice line Edward. A little outdated if you ask me." He smiles as I continue. "Yeah, we come here quite a bit. They have great drinks and it's a cool atmosphere. In my spare time? I don't have much spare time, but I spend a lot of it reading and watching movies. What about you?" "Do I come here often or what do I do in my spare time?" he asks. "Both." "I come here about once a week. I'm glad you think good things about it. It really is a pretty nice place; at least I like to think so. As for spare time, well… you do my schedule so you should know that I don't have any" he says. That was a weird response about the bar. Eh, he's obviously a weird person; switching personalities on me like that. I laugh, "Spare time? What do you call this? You're not working right now, so I'd call this time 'spare'." "Okay, you caught me. What kind of movies do you like to watch? Any suggestions? It's been a while since I've been out to see one" "I tend to like old movies best, and I haven't been out to see any new movies for a while because of… things." For some reason, I feel weird mentioning work as my reason for not being able to get out more. Why should I though? He knows how much he works me! My lack of social life is his fault! I start to get angry. "Maybe if I didn't work such long hours, I'd have more time for a social life and wouldn't have to scrounge around on Friday nights to find time to see movies or spend with my friends. But that doesn't seem to faze you, seeing how much time YOU spend in the office" I snap at him. Edward looks a little confused and blinks slowly at me a couple times before realization dawns on his face. As I watch, the stoniness I'm used to seeing at work creeps into the fine lines around his eyes, into his jaw, and into his mouth. He clenches his jaw, almost like he's working through something in his mind before he says, "Fair enough. I can see tonight was a mistake. I apologize for offending you or if I crossed some sort of line with you. I promise it won't happen again." As he's talking, I start to feel guilty. "I'm sorry, that was completely uncalled for. I am totally out of pl-" I start to say but he interrupts me. "No. You're absolutely right. As your superior, I should maintain a level of professionalism at all times, no matter where we are. Just forget this ever happened. I'll just see you tomorrow morning at the office. Be sure to have my coffee ready." With that, he rises from his chair, thanks everyone for the night out, and leaves. I'm having trouble processing what had just happened. Sure, I was out of line. I shouldn't have told him how I felt in such a hasty way. I should have brought it up to him, one on one, in the privacy of our office. What was I thinking? My big mouth is forever getting me into trouble. Alice and Rose both look at me with questions plain and clear on their faces. I quietly say "Jasper, Emmett, it was great meeting you. Jasper, I'll see you Monday morning. Alice, Rose, I'll see you later. Just call me this weekend and we'll figure out our brunch plans." I pick up my clutch, and walk as quickly as possible to the door, pushing people out of my way as I go. Tears were stinging my eyes the moment I pushed myself away from the table, but I shook my head quickly and forced them to stay at bay. I wait at the curb for a cab to pull up, but this block seems devoid of them. Eventually, I walk down the street a block, and lo and behold there are 5 cabs waiting. I hop in the first one I see, and give the cabbie my address. I'm completely humiliated. Why did I have to say anything? I decide on the way back to my house that it's due to the exhaustion I feel from the long week I've had, and first thing I'm going to do tomorrow morning is apologize to Edward for how I acted. I glance at my phone for the time and realize I'll only be getting six hours of sleep as it is, so I better make them count. We pull up to my house, and I give him cab fare as stepping out of the cab. As soon as I'm in the door, I head upstairs to my bedroom where my incredibly comfortable bed is waiting for me. I pull off articles of clothing as I go, leaving my shoes and shirt in the hall way, and my skirt on the end of my bed. I pull on my gray sweatpants, a green tank top, and a gray hoodie (pic on profile) and crawl into bed. I set my alarm for 5:00 am and turn off my bedside lamp, forgoing even washing my face or brushing my teeth. I didn't realize how tired I was until I climbed into bed, and sleep overcomes me quickly.