become a vampire. She revered human life more than any other Cullen, and it was her deepest desire to have a child of her own. Because of the loss of that dream, she was intensely protective of her family, and she didn't trust easily. Edward was one of the two unmated vampires in the coven-family. He was a telepath, a mind reader to be specific, and he supposedly had no control over it. He was the first of the Cullen family to be turned by Carlisle, and by all he reports he was an arrogant and misogynistic chauvinist. He'd refused to grow with the times, preferring to hold strong to the ideals that he'd been taught in his human life. Alice Cullen was the final unmated vampire within the coven. She had the gift of premonition, and she was the only known future-seer in the world, though she was unable to see shape shifters. Alice had no memory of her human life, but she had researched for years before finding her true identity as Mary Alice Brandon. Her memory was lost due to the fact that she spent the last days of her life in a 1920's asylum, undergoing shock therapy because she had visions even as a human, which was considered to be unquestionably insane back then. As far as anyone knew, it was all fairly straightforward. The Hales had been adopted when they were still young. The three Cullen children had each been in the foster care system before the elder Cullens adopted them. And Kate had been the newest addition a few years previously, and she was the distant cousin of Carlisle, her only remaining family. All in all, it was a story that was very well put together. It was uncommon enough to draw attention, but not so strange that it was suspicious. Of course, the Cullens were no ordinary vampires, despite the fact that they masqueraded as ordinary humans. They apparently referred to themselves as vegetarians, since their diet was composed of animal blood, rather than human blood. I found that, in particular, to be fascinating. Vampires, in general, were no less intriguing to me, however. So, I had done as much research as I could, studying handwritten journals—of which I was later granted permission to make bound, book copies—passed down through the tribe. I'd learned quite a bit, and there were a number of undisputed facts about the vampiric species. They were changed by a single bite. If a vampire had the willpower to stop before their prey was drained, the bitten human would change into a vampire after three days of excruciating pain. Yet, once they woke up, they were granted immortality, nearly impenetrable skin, inhuman beauty, strength, speed… Not to mention the fact that some of them were granted a gift, such as empathy or telepathy, that went beyond the norm of vampiric ability. It was as if they were divine beings, come to walk the earth, yet they had all the flaws of a human. They were merely intensified, particularly when they first awoke. A newly created vampire was called a newborn, and they were practically crazed by their newly heightened senses and bloodlust. Everything was overwhelming to them, and they had little to no control over their thirst. Newborns needed to be watched over, or else they would quickly expose themselves to humankind through their lack of discretion and blatant disregard for the rules. Of course, rules and laws mean little more than air if there is nothing to enforce them. That is where Volturi come in. From what I gather, the Volturi—particularly three vampires known as Aro, Marcus, and Caius—are considered the royalty of the vampire world. They oversee all vampires, and they ensure that humans are not made aware of the supernatural world. If any vampire breaks that law, they are quickly sentenced to death. Of course, no sane vampire, I imagine, would willingly risk the wrath of the Volturi unless they sought death. So, the vast majority of humankind remained oblivious to the extraordinary beings that walked among them, unless they had the misfortune to become the meal of a vampire. Due to that taste for human blood, the majority of vampires had blood-red eyes, which transitioned to black when they became provoked in some way or their thirst remained unsated for a long period of time. And, again, I was reminded of why I wished to meet the Cullens. Due to their different diet, their irises weren't red, like the rest of their species. Their eyes were bright gold, though they also transitioned to black when they were thirsty or highly emotional. When I first heard about it, I'd laughed in my incredulity. What were the odds that they had gold eyes, while mine were silver? I remembered thinking that it may well be providence. As the bell for the end of first period rang, a faint smile crossed my lips. Who knows? Perhaps it's fate… To Be Continued. A/N: Well, how did I do? I'm really looking forward to getting into this story! I have big plans for Alice and Isabella, as well as the other characters. 1. I do not own Final Fantasy VII, Cloud Strife, or anything else to do with the franchise. It is the sole property of Square Enix. I just borrowed the name of a character and the title of the game! 2. There will be an explanation for Isabella's odd eye color. And yes, I decided to go with "Isabella" rather than "Bella," since it better fits the story. Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed the first chapter! I'll have the next chapter up soon, no later than two weeks! A/N (4/15): I've just made a minor change to the story. I remembered that Rachel had a twin—Rebecca—so, I decided to make her the Alpha of the La Push Pack, rather than Jacob. However, Jacob will still be a part of the Pack, as the Beta. ~Your Dark Archangel