happened the last six month and it didn't felt good, it was like everything was in front of my eyes but all was in my mind. All stopped when the memory of that day appeared in my eyes, my mind and I knew in his, too. I was like reviving it again and it hurt. I was lying down on the grass, the venom running through my veins, burning them. There were hot tears filling my eyes. Dim lights passed through the branches and leaves of the trees. Three blur shadows moved fast from my mother's body to me. I heard screams. It was my family yelling my name, searching me. Maybe they have heard my dad yelling for help minutes ago. One of the shadows said "Maria we have to leave her… We have to go now…" Another shadow sighed. Maria. She said "Ok, but will regret this" with a Hispanic accent. My vision became more blurry. They left in a second. The screams were closer. I had to move. And before the memory continued everything went black. My mind, my vision, everything. In a second I saw something I have never in my life thought, did or even saw. I saw a beautiful, gorgeous female with red eyes and dark wavy hair holding hands with… the third one… They were smiling and being happy together. Hiding in some place I saw the middle one, looking them furiously. His red eyes full of… envy? The image changed to another. Purplish red fire was burning the beautiful girl. "Why…" I heard the voice of the middle one. I turned to look at him. His face was upset. He didn't do this, did he? I asked to myself, worried. I felt how the link broke in our heads. He had pulled his hand. I saw his face, worried. What the heck happened? His crooked smirk was gone and he was looking at his hands with a blank stare. I looked at everybody. They were all looking at us, their stares deadly and curious. They were questioning us with their piercing red eyes. "What happened, Aro?" the third one asked him. I looked directly at him. Does he know what happened to his girlfriend? My eyes full of sad looked at him. He ignored me. "You will see, my dear friend" Aro answered, looking up. He wasn't looking at me, but someone behind me. His crooked smirk came back to his pale lips. "Jane" he said, still looking beyond me. I turned and I saw a normal-size porcelain doll with pale brown hair and sadistic red eyes standing to another porcelain doll, but this one was male and with dark brown hair and blank red eyes. "Please" Aro continued, and she moved from where she was standing. She looked at me with those piercing, sadistic red eyes. I looked her back, pretending not to be intimidated. I waited to whatever she would do to me. Suddenly I felt the burning in my throat was expanding all over my body as if the venom returned to visit my veins. Her eyes lit up sadistically, like the blonde's eyes, and her lips crooked a creepy grin. I closed my eyes, pressed my eyelids, clenched my teeth and tried not to scream. I was trying to resist the horrible pain she was producing. My hands became fists. I wanted to scream, I wanted to cry; I wanted to fall on the floor, grab my head with my hands, pull my hair with my fingers and scream my brain off. After what felt like forever, the pain started to cease until it wasn't there anymore. I thought she was stopping the pain but I realized Aro never commanded her to stop it. It was weird; I didn't know what was happening to me. I opened my eyes when I heard a scream. The porcelain girl was on the floor, screaming. I'm still wondering why she didn't stop the pain if she was causing it… I think she wasn't thinking at the moment because of the pain. "Stop it, Jane" Aro ordered. I turn to him. "Did… she… reflected… Jane's…?" the third one tried to find the correct words to what happened. He looked thrilled. I looked back over my shoulder when I heard her name. She was standing next to the boy, like if she never moved, but when she looked at me, when we locked stares, her eyes lit up with anger. She hated me. "Indeed, my friend" Aro said. The blonde smirked wickedly. " Reflected ? Like a… mirror?" my voice echoed. I was thrilled, too. "Are you gonna kill me for that?" "Why would you think we will do that?" Aro asked. "Cause that's why I'm here" I said, and he chuckled. "Sorry, dear Raen, but your fate is not death" he said smirking. "Aro, but why we didn't see her earlier?" the third one asked. "She reflected me" a red-eyed said bitterly "when I tried to do some surprise attacks" he looked at me with anger. "Interesting…" Aro "murmured". "She will be very useful, Aro" the third one said. "Indeed" "But she will need to be trained" the blonde one said. "I know, Caius" Aro said, a little annoyed. "I will train her" a tall red-eyed with olive complexion said. "Good, Felix" Aro said a little triumphant "and please tell Corin that Raen will need a cloak. A black-pearled one" he smirked. "So… what are you gonna do to me?" my voice echoed again with a dumb question. "Darling, you will stay us" another female red-eyed said by my side. She smirked and put a hand over my shoulder. "Okay" I said stupidly, feeling attached to them. She took me by my wrist, pressing her soft hand against my skin. She pulled me and I followed her. Before we got out of the room, I looked back over my shoulder. The entire room was clean. No blood, no bodies, just the red-eyed.