family so we had to leave Forks I didn't even get to say goodbye to Charlie. When we reached the house Tanya, Kate and Garrett were sitting outside "Hello it's nice to see you all, but what brings you here?." Tanya asked then smiled. "We were hoping that we could stay with you for a while." Carlisle answered."Well of course you can stay for as long as you like." Kate looked at me "It's nice to see you again Bella. I like the new you very much." I smiled and wanted to blush but couldn't "It's nice to see you again as well." "Where is Eleazar and Irina?." Esme asked. Kate responded "They are away for a while." Garrett looked over to Rosalie with wide eyes "An immortal child. How could you. You know the rules!." "Garrett,Tanya,Kate let me explain." Carlisle said while walking over to Rosalie and Renesmee. Tanya,Kate and Garrett looked at each other "Were listening. If she isn't an immortal child then what is she?" They asked insinct Carlisle nodded "Thank you. Renesmee is Bella and Edward's bialogicial daughter Bella gave birth to her before she was turned. Renesmee is a hybrid she is half human and half vampire. Her heart still beats listen and you will hear." We all stood there quiet motionless. "Now why aren't you in Forks?." Garrett asked "The wolves wanted to kill us for breaking the treaty if we didn't Bella would have died." Carlisle told them "Alright lets go inside." Kate said while walking in to the house. We followed them inside I walked over and sat on the couch "Bella love." I looked up Edward was standing right in front of me "Are you alright?." I nodded "Yes I'm okay but did that really just happen?." He sat down beside me he held my hand "Yes I'm afraid it did." I hugged him "Now we can never go back can we." He held me in his arms "I don't think so." "Poor Charlie what are we going to do." I wanted to cry but nothing came out. Alice walked into the room "Bella why are you wearing Edward's shirt.?" Edward and I both laughed "I kind or ruined the dress sorry Alice." She frowned and glared at me "Come on let's get you into something not bloody." I sighed and got off the couch I didn't want to leave Edward but I had no choice with Alice. Edward laughed I turned and glared at him "Not funny.!" I hated being Alice's life size barbie doll but the faster I go along with it the faster it will be over. She grabbed my hand and dragged me to the bathroom "Such a mess." We walked into the bathroom an yelled for Rosalie to bring in her black bag. Rosalie walked into the bathroom holding Alice's black bag I couldn't help but stare at her she was even more beautiful through my new eyes "Rose you do her hair." I sat in the chair in the bathroom while Rosalie did my hair and Alice did my makeup it felt like I was sitting there for hours but I was only sitting there for about an hour "Now put this on." Alice handed me a red lace tank top and a black pants along with a pair of black stilettos with little white butterfly's on the side I hated high-heels I had a hard enough time trying to walk as it is but with high-hells thats another accident awaiting to happen. They left the bathroom so I could change when I was done I couldn't help but look at my self in the mirror again "Bella you can look at yourself later." The door opened and Alice was standing with Rosalie I walked over to them and stopped and laughed "Why are you laughing?." Rosalie asked I laughed then answered "I didn't fall I guess I can wear heels." They both smiled "Come on Edward and Renesmee are waiting." I smiled when they said Renesmee I was right I was strong enough to keep my self and my baby alive. We walked down the hall and entered the living room where everyone was standing talking Edward walked over to me "You look beautiful." He kissed me and I froze he pulled away "What.?" I glared at him "You've been holding out on me." Everyone laughed "Only for your safety." I smiled and asked "Can I see Renesmee now.?" Esme walked over to me holding a child that looked like she was 5 or 6 months old not a few hours old. I gasped and looked at Edward "She is so big. How?." "I'll let Carlisle explain." Carlisle was now beside Esme "Renesmee grows very fast even tho she is part human she is still part vampire there for she will keep growing until she reaches full maturity which she will be when she is seven years old. When she is seven she will no longer grow she will be at full maturity. She will look seventeen like Edward but is actually fully matured." I smiled and walked up to Esme and Renesmee. Esme smiled and handed me Renesmee when I was holding her she put her hand on my cheek I gasped "What was that!." Everyone was around me except for Garret,Tanya and Kate. "What did she show you.?" "She did that?" Edward smiled "Yes Renesmee is special she can show you thoughts and memories with the touch of her hand." I smiled I have a gifted baby. "But how can she do that to me and you can't?" I asked confused "She does the opposite of Edward's ability." Carlisle answered "Oh I wonder if I can do anything." I smiled and put Renesmee's hand on my face she showed me when she was born. "I was thinking about that Bella I think you have self control." I smiled it wasn't the best ability in the world but at least I had one.