"Carlisle~ It's alright, we're going to be great friends!" Alice came over to the girl, giving her a smile as Selene just blinked a little. "I don't care what your future says Alice! You never know this girl could be an enemy!" Rosalie hissed as Selene backed up slightly. "Rosalie! Don't be so rude to our guest." Esme hushed as Rosalie grumbled. Emmett wrapped his arm round her shoulders. "...You must be the rare vegetarian vampires I've heard about." And I suggest you don't try to get into my mind, mindreader. Edward took a step back as everyone looked at him except Selene. She stared at the floor. "How...You know what I can do?" "From what I can feel, i only know that much...But I'm sure you guys have more gifts." "As do you." Carlisle replied as the girl looked at him. Soon the situation relaxed a little as Selene sat back down on the couch with Alice, Carlisle sitting across from them with Esme while the rest stood. Jasper decided to sit at the arm of the couch next to Alice, wanting to protect her if anything wrong happened. "So...what are you?" Carlisle tried to ask as delicately as possible. "Well to start off...I'm in a way immortal." "What do you mean?" "It means my aging process has slowed down quite a bit, so I won't be dying in the next hundred years or so..." "But you aren't like us...we're well" "Vampires and the people in the La Push area of wolves..." Selene said bluntly as Carlisle stared at her. "But that doesn't answer what the hell you are." Selene looked up to see the blonde hiss but her boyfriend wrapped his arms around her. " I...am a bit different..." "We understand that. You act as if you're a hybrid species of both of our kinds but not, how is that?" Alice blurted out something, "No...way..." Selene turned to see the girl stare at her family. She has had this secret for her whole life and wished no one would know about it, but she couldn't lie in her situation now. It was all over as Selene looked back at the man named Carlisle and said, "Because...I'm a demigoddess." "Oh sure and I'm the goddess of beauty, are you joking me?" Selene looked at the blonde and flinched a little. She got a little fed up as she stood up. "Fine! Take me on then you little shewitch! You seem to have a lot of bark and no bite!" Selene yelled as Rosalie hissed back. Carlisle grabbed onto Selene's arm to calm her as Emmett gripped onto Rosalie's waist carrying her upstairs. "Please excused Rosalie...she's just very protective of our family." "I can see...but you guys think I'm crazy." " A bit." Edward said as Esme gave him a look. "...My name is Selene Diana Whitewing...It's true I'm from the LA Push reservation because of my father. His name is Samuel Whitewing and...this is his story. Samuel Whitewing was a regular reservation man, chiseled face and quite handsome with his harsh tanned skin. One day he was in town and saw a beautiful woman through a window, an alternative medicine shop. She was gorgeous. Her hair was dark like the night sky, but her skin as bright as the moonlight. Her eyes had those color of the ocean with the twinkle of the stars in them. At first she thought she was strange, but everyday he would leave a wildflower at the window of the shop to the point that she could make a beautiful bouquet. Then one day he didn't stop by to give her a flower. She got worried after a week as she went around town asking where the man lived. When she found him he was on his porch looking through flowers in his hands. She came up to him and asked, "What's wrong? Why have you stopped seeing me?" He looked up at her and smiled. She slowly lifted up a small white flower to her and said, "Because I was looking for the very last flower to give to you...Now you have every kind of flower here in LA Push." After that they were in love. Completely happiness, as they told each other everything. Their love was so deep and special as they lived together for a while, until she had to go back. "What do you mean you have to leave?" "I must go, they cannot find you my love!" "Artemis, let's go or else Father will think something's strange! Now!" Artemis' brother urged her. "I love you, I do. Promise you'll be safe!" Samuel called out as his love slowly disappeared off in the night with a glowing man. After a year Samuel had researched on the names Artemis and found out she was the goddess of the moon, goddess of the hunt. He was hurt the he never knew as he waited for her everyday, picking a white flower, until one night. A man that glowed like the sun came to Samuel's door and left a basket there. In the basket was a child in a silver blanket with a note, a book, and a necklace. Samuel came out after the man had left to see a beautiful child, whose eyes were still closed. He picked up the note that was addressed to him to read it. " My dear, I hope you are safe. This is our daughter Selene...Isn't she beautiful? I hope you can raise her for if she is with me, she will be in danger. Please take care of her, and I love you. Give the book to her when she comes of age and the necklace...So that she has one thing that her mother once had. Tell her I love her. From, your love. " That is when Selene's beginning started. AN: OMG OMG OMG SOOO PLEASE REVIEW! a disclaimer I don't own any twilight characters just Selene and Miss Rosina~ PLEASE REVIEW! and enjoy~