but I'll find time, I'll make time." I was babbling, but I didn't care. My sister wanted to meet me! " Well , Jasper , you would probably need to clear a bit more of your schedule . I forgot to tell you , but your sister doesn ' t live in California . She doesn ' t even live in the United States . Her adoptive parents moved to England nearly 15 years ago ." This stilled the excitement that had bloomed in my heart only seconds ago. I had a sister. Family. I wasn't alone. But she was so far away; I might as well be alone. " Jasper ? Are you still there ?" Claudia asked. "Yeah, I am, just a bit shocked I guess." I answered her weakly. " I know this isn ' t a perfect situation , Jasper ," she said, " but she really wants to meet you . She ' s invited you to come to England and stay with her and her fiancé . She said she ' d love to come to you , but her grandmother is very ill , so she doesn ' t feel like she can leave the country right now ." I could certainly understand that. When Carmen was in the hospital after her accident, fighting for her life, Victoria and James practically dragged me to Hawaii. Pain, sickness, death - nothing could stop the Whitlocks from going on their annual holiday. When we got back, Carmen had died. I didn't get to say goodbye to her and I wasn't allowed to go to her funeral. I cried for weeks, but Victoria held her ground. She told me it was my own fault I was hurting, I shouldn't have become so attached to an employee. I ran my fingers through my hair and started clearing my schedule in my head. I could certainly leave my own clinic for a couple of weeks; I had enough good surgeons working for me to keep it running for a while. The free clinic was a different story; I needed to find a solution for that one. "I'll try and get a few weeks off as soon as possible. In the meantime, is there any way I could contact… Shit! I don't even know her name!" I cried out in frustration. " Rose . It ' s Rose . Rosalie Mary Warren ," Claudia quickly told me, " and she said I could give you her phone number , so you two can make further arrangements ." ' Rosalie Mary Warren , my sister .' A warm feeling spread through me, as if she just became real. I quickly wrote down the phone number and promised to call Rosalie soon. "Thank you, Claudia. Thank you for all that you're doing for me," I said. " You ' re very welcome , Jasper , but there ' s no need to thank me ," she replied. " Now go and call your sister ." After I hung up, I immediately did. It was a very awkward conversation, but she sounded genuinely excited to meet me. Her voice was warm and melodious. We talked for a bit and I promised to call her as soon as I knew when I could come to England. Next, I made phone calls to clear my schedule. I called a surgeon I knew from medical school and hired him to take over my work at the free clinic for a while. He was a good surgeon and I had no problem paying him out of my own pocket. I booked a ticket on-line for the upcoming week and called Rosalie back to let her know when I would arrive. This was a good thing. For the first time in I don't know how long, I didn't feel alone. . When the plane touched down, I opened my eyes and thanked God for our safe landing. I didn't like flying. I actually hated it. There was so much that could go wrong up there. Besides that, if a boat sank, I could at least swim. If a train was about to crash, I could theoretically jump off and walk away. But I could not fly. High up in the air, I was helpless, left to the mercy of the pilot and the technology that kept the plane from coming down. As the lights went on, letting me know I could unbuckle my seatbelt, I moved in my seat. My whole body hurt. Fuck! I was a wreck! That was what thirteen hours of sitting still does to you. Especially if you spent the whole time trying to crush the armrests with your hands, rigid and tensed. I went through the familiar routine of getting off the plane, picking up my luggage and going through customs. When I went through the double sliding doors into the main hall, the first thing I saw were two clear blue eyes. I knew those eyes very well; they stared at me every morning as I looked in the mirror. These eyes weren't mine, though; they belonged to a woman that looked so much like me it was eerie. Her long blond hair had the exact same touch of honey as mine. She had the same high cheekbones as I did and her lips were the exact same shade of pink. I knew the moment she noticed me. Her eyes turned wide and her lips parted. She was as surprised by our similarities as I was. When she yanked a man by his arm and he turned around and met my eyes, I knew I was in trouble. Not in an I-stole-a-cookie-and-got-caught kind of trouble, but deep, serious shit. End note; I'll be posting this story on either a weekly or a 2 weekly basis. The first 13 chapters of this story have been written and I'm working hard on the rest. Let me know what you think of it! :D