encouraging me. Alec had me on his lap and was rocking us back and forth. "Things were fine afterwards. I started to hang out with the Cullens more and more until yesterday or whenever Jane and the others found me after Edward dumped me saying I wasn't good enough for him anymore and saying goodbye forever." Tears flowed from my eyes as Aro wiped them away. "I'm ready to die now." "What?" Aro's mouth opened in shock. "I would never hurt you Isabella! You are too precious." "He's right Bella. I barely know you, but I love you like a little sister already," Demetri said. "Now I want to kill that son of a bitch!" He looked at Aro pleadingly. Aro dismissed him by waving his hand causing Demetri to pout. "Language!" Caius boomed. I was taken aback slightly. Tears were still in my eyes as I smiled slightly. Caius gave me an uncomfortable look. "It's okay Bella, he's not worth your tears." Alec comforted, hugging me once more. Jane agreed and flanked my other side. "Why do you want to die?" Aro asked me sympathetically. He looked at the scars on my wrist once more. Damn, why didn't I cover them up? I shrugged my shoulders. "I thought being with the Cullens was where I was truly supposed to be. I feel like I lost my purpose in life. I didn't have the best childhood and I spent most of my life unhappy." I rose to my feet as Marcus appeared right in front of me. "Never say that Isabella. Even if you feel like you've lost your way, just find another one. You are too beautiful to be so sad. Edward wasn't your true mate anyway. You have to be strong Isabella. If not for yourself then for me," Marcus spoke to me softly. Caius' head snapped up. "I…I don't know what to say…" I looked down at my feet. Caius shook his head. "Tell me, Isabella, were you planning on committing suicide?" Caius asked. I was shocked. How did he know? I sighed and nodded my head. "I see. It was written all over your face. You thought you would provoke the Volturi and we would kill you?" Again I nodded. "Isabella…" Aro said sadly. "I know it hurts Isabella," Marcus sighed. "Sometimes it hurts to live on but it would hurt even more if you died with nothing but regret," Marcus sounded like he spoke from experience. I felt tears brim in my eyes. All I do is cry. Why do they care so much? "Bella, live," Alec whispered in my ear. "Live for me. Live for all of us." "Isabella, we have a room prepared for you. I would like you to go and think things over," Aro approached me and pulled me into a hug. I saw Jane raise an eyebrow. I guess this is strange to see Aro hugging someone, much less a human. "Alec, please escort her to her new quarters and please…keep her safe." "Come with me," Alec spoke softly and held out his hand to me and I took it hesitantly. I turned around and gave a sad smile to all the vampires in the room. He led me through the double doors leading to the throne room. He led me down another corridor where there were six doors. "Jane, Felix, Demetri, Heidi, and I live in this wing. Your room is right next to mine." Alec opened the door and I looked around the room in awe. It was beautiful. There was a canopy bed in the center with red bedding outlined with a golden trim. The floor was carpeted with a warm sienna color. The walls were beige and there was a nightstand next to the bed. A walk in closet was on the far side of the room. I had a dresser and a bookshelf full of books in the room. There was a small fridge near the door. Alec looked at me for a while. "I'll leave you to your thoughts. I'm going to check up on you in a few hours." "Thank you for everything Alec," I whispered. My throat was dry so my voice cracked slightly. Alec reached down to the fridge and tossed me a bottle of water which I surprisingly caught. He smiled before leaving the room and closing the door behind him. I just noticed that there was a guitar in the corner of the room. I picked it up and looked at it sadly. Edward never gave me a chance to play for him. He always had to be the talented one. I strummed a chord. It was in tune. The guitar must have been new. I closed my eyes and began to sing. " Those times in life we learn to try, with one intention Of learning how and when we'll die, but we can't listen I wish to God I'd known that I, I didn't stand a chance Of looking back and knowing why, or pain of circumstance You're not alone We'll brave this storm So here's my song I wrote in time, when it was needed Through pain of heart or loss of mind, your burdens lifted You aren't alone just know that I, can't save our hearts tonight You're not alone We'll brave this storm Let's face today You're not alone You're not alone We'll brave this storm Let's face today You're not alone You're not alone We'll brave this storm Let's face today." I put the guitar down and lay on the bed staring at the ceiling with tears streaming down my face. _Z: The song used in this chapter was Carolyn by Black Veil Brides, it's personally one of my favorite songs. I recommend you give it a listen. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I have discontinued 'Heat Reborn' as this is the rewritten version. Can you review and tell me what you think? I would greatly appreciate it! I love you all!