landlord had thrown out my stuff? Knowing him, yes he had. Looks like I was going to be homeless again... awesome. I'll have to suck someone off if I want a place to live for a while. I scoffed, and Rosalie had the nerve to bitch and moan at me for having a perfect life while she lived through hell, day in and day out. What a little bitch. She didn't know suffering like I have. Sure she was raped that one night over 7 decades ago, get over it! I absentmindedly wondered if the hospital staff was going to throw me out once they realized I was broke and homeless and couldn't afford medical care. They probably would. I sighed, sitting up in the bed before roughly ripping out the needles in my arms. Wincing when my back gave an unhealthy crack as I stood up, I walked out of the room. I walked out of the door and no one noticed. Did I expect them to? I didn't have anywhere to go... so I just kept walking. Miles slowly ticked past as I walked through the town. A few people gave me funny looks, but ultimately decided to ignore me. The tears started falling down my face as I past a park filled with laughing children. I could remember being happy when I was younger. When I hadn't met Edward yet. I looked past the children to see an elderly couple sitting on a bench watching the children play with soft smiles on their face. He turned towards his wife and raised her hand to meet his lips. I eyed therm with envy. Anyone could see the love in their eyes. I held back a sob as the woman stood up, pulling her husband with her, only to wrap her arms around his neck and slowly started to dance. I gave up and started crying when he wrapped his arms around her fragile waist and pulled her closer to him, laying his head on the top of hers. That was supposed to be me. I was supposed to have a happy ending with the one I loved. I couldn't bare to watch them anymore. My legs started running, away from them, away from the laughter, away from the sadness. But that was the thing. I couldn't outrun my pain. I saw a bridge up ahead. My legs carried my tired body over there. There was no one around. I looked over the black bars to see a very fast paced river staring me in the face. Is this what I was supposed to do? End it? I will. If that what it takes. Looking around to make sure no one was in sight so they couldn't stop me, I heaved myself over the railing, landing on the thin strip on the other side. I gave a hard swallow as I saw the water rush past. It looked very fast. Hopefully it will be over very fast. I closed my eyes and imagined his voice. "Bella!" I smiled. There it was. "Bella! Don't do this!" I frowned. "Bella please! I still love you!" I opened my eyes, my high gone from hearing his sweet musical voice. I readied myself to jump. "Bella!" I physically jerked when I heard his voice sound so close. The pounding footsteps alerted me I wasn't alone. I looked up only to see Edward standing before me a few yards away in tattered clothing, looking like the devil had had a go at him. "Bella," He breathed my name. He raised his hand to me. "Come away from the edge love," Hope filled me to the brim. Did he want me back? But I thought I was done with him. My heart screamed at me to rush towards him. My head told me to jump. But how could I leave Edward again. I looked behind him to see Alice standing a few yards behind him with Carlisle at her side. Oh. I get it now. Devastation filled me up, harshly crushing the hope. Alice saw it and told him. He just didn't want to feel guilty or responsible for my death. I glared at him before looking down at the river. I had a choice to make. Either I went with Edward and let him tear me down some more. Or I end it. I raised my right foot in the air. "Bella! Don't you dare!" Edward warned me before rushing towards. Ah. I had my answer. I gave him a bright smile. Before leaping off in one go. "Bella!" The freezing water covered me as I broke through the surface and floated down, towards the very bottom of the river. I opened my mouth willingly and let the water pour into my lungs. My chest started convulsing as it struggled to eject the water while I calmly floated down the river, not minding the rocks that bashed against me. My vision started to go black. I saw a beautiful angel in front of me. His bronze hair gently swaying in the water, brushing against his perfect golden eyes. He reached for me. "Bella," His perfect lips mouthed as his hand stretched towards me. This was the perfect way to go. Staring at him. I smiled at him. I kept my eyes open for as long as I could, determined to memorize his perfect face again and again. Until I couldn't anymore. My eyes drifted shut, a smile still firmly on my face. I felt his hands cradle my face before nothing. Absolutely nothing. All I felt was peace. Thank you Edward. He caused me unbearable pain in the past and made me do a lot of things I wasn't proud of. But in the end, he fixed me. His love poisoned me. Spreading inside me like a fatal disease. Killing me softly. Before finally bringing me here. A place where nothing mattered. A place just meant for me. I won against his poisoned love.