my life would be like if she had survived. But the past was in the past and there was nothing I could do about it anyway. My eyes widened when I finally saw it laying in the sand, appearing to be unharmed. I walked towards it and grasped the neck and pulled it out of the small sand hill. I brushed the little grains off it and strummed the strings. They were still perfect. I sighed in relief. I don't know what I would've done without it. Seeing as I had nothing better to do, I sat down on the sand and started singing, letting out all my pent up emotions come out. Ever since I met Bella, my life has been nothing but crazy. But did I regret it? Absolutely not. Not for the world. MBFAM Bella came back looking very dead... yet alive. I watched as Charlie screamed Edward as he carried Bella into the house and into her room. He came back downstairs and Charlie told him never to step foot through the front door again or he would be arrested for trespassing. After Charlie slammed the door in Edward's face and collapsed on the couch, I made my way upstairs where Bella was sleeping. I sat next to her bed against the wall with my ukulele in hand, ready to sing to her if she started screaming again. I don't know what happened in Italy, but I was just glad to see Bella come home, alive. I saw the way she clung onto Edward as Charlie tried to pry her away from him. I saw the love in her eyes as she gazed at him. I saw the way he looked at her. Bella deserved to be happy. I just hoped she wouldn't forget about me as well. I love her like she was my own sister... and it would kill me if she stopped talking to me. But if that's what made her happy. If just seeing Edward is enough for her, if my friendship and all that I can offer her isn't enough. If she just wants Edward. Then she can have just Edward. But I'll always be there, waiting for her if she ever needed me. She may never need me again, but I'll still be here for her. Waiting until she does. No matter what. Because that's what friends do. That's what I do for the people I love. I stick by them. I will stick by my broken friend until I meet my demise or, if god forbid, she meets hers. Before I knew it, I was struggling to keep my eyelids open as I fought off falling asleep. But eventually I lost the battle and fell asleep next to my best friend. My broken friend and me. MBFAM "What are we doing here, mommy?" Renesmee asks as she clutched her mother's hand tightly in her own as she saw all of the grave stones. "There's someone I want you to meet," Bella replied vaguely as she gently guided her daughter towards a very special gravestone at the very end of the cemetery, all on its own. Bella crouched down to Renesmee's level. "Who is she?" Nessie asked, pointing towards the gravestone. Bella's eye watered with tears that could never fall. "She was my best friend. She took care of me when so many people gave up on me. She made me laugh when I was down, and made me feel hope when I was drowning in my own sorrow. She saved my life. Remember what we told you? About the army of newborns?" Nessie nodded her head, "A bad woman called Victoria created an army to... to kill you mommy," She leaned upwards and kissed her child on the head. "When your dad was being held by one of the newborns, Riley, Victoria took the chance to run towards me. Only... she missed me by a hair. All because Sadness shoved me out of the way just in time." Nessie smiled, but then she frowned in thought before turning her gaze back to the gravestone. "She died, didn't she?" Bella nodded her head, a sad smile crossed her face as she remembered that day. The day Sadness finally spoke. Only to die in her arms not a few minutes later. "Victoria knocked Sadness backwards and pushed all the way off the edge of the cliff." Renesmee gasped in horror, covering her mouth with her hand. "After your big brave daddy took care of the woman... he carried me down the mountain, where Sadness was, dying." "She looked into my eyes and smiled. She said to me, 'you're finally safe Bella', and died from her injuries a few minutes later." A tear dripped down Renesmee's cheek as she hugged her mother tightly. She couldn't imagine what it would b like to lose your best friend. She couldn't imagine her life without her Jacob. Poor mommy. "I brought you here to tell you her story. Her bravery saved my life and I will always be indebted her." Bella gently laid Sadness's ukulele next to the gravestone. Nessie bit her lip in thought before glancing at her mother and reaching up and using hr thumb to smooth away Sadness's name. She elegantly wrote Happiness in her place and added a last name as well, much to the shock of her mother. "That's better," Nessie nodded to herself before looking at her mother, seeing the pride shinning in her eyes as she picked Nessie up in her arms and hugged her tightly to her chest. They both looked back at the gravestone and the ukulele laying there before Bella sent a single kill as Happiness's grave. She walked away with Renesmee on her hip, feeling lighter than she had in a very long time. She could let Sadness... Happiness go, and move on but never, ever forget. In loving memory of Happiness Cullen A loving best friend and sister May she rest in peace