ALL YOU DO IS WORRY ABOUT HER. IS SHE DRINKING ENOUGH? IS SHE READY TO BE AMOUNG HUMANS AGAIN? CAN SHE KEEP THE SECERT WHILE KEEPING HOLD OF HER TEMPER? WHO'S WATCHING HER? IS SHE SAFE? IS SHE THIS…IS SHE THAT….WHAT IS SHE DOING NOW? IT'S ALL ABOUT HER! I WISH SHE WOULD JUST LEAVE!" Jane shouted before walking out. "Wow, didn't know she felt that strongly about me." Samantha said as she sat up on Caius's lap. "She woke you?" Caius said as he gently held her closer to try and get her back to sleep. "It won't matter. When Carlisle finds a place for us, I'll be gone and she can have you all to herself again." Samantha said as she got up and left the dining hall as well. It was several years before Carlisle sent a letter to Samantha asking if she would like to stay with him for a few months. Samantha smiled and grabbed a pen and paper she left a note for Caius, telling him she's gone to stay with Carlisle in Forks, Washington, U.S.A. with that she also left Carlisle's letter beside. Several long hours later, Samantha found herself hiding out in way up high in a tree outside Carlisle's home. She watched as she the coven below came out of the house. "I don't see anyone, Alice." Carlisle said as he looked around. "I'm telling you she out her! I swear, Dad, she's here!" "I can hear her thoughts." Edward said. Upon hearing this, Samantha immediately put up her mental shield to block Edward. She also sent Jasper strong feeling to deep French kiss Alice, which he followed, surprising Alice as he did so. Rosalie laughed at the bewildered look on Alice's face. "Get a room you too." Emmett said as he mockingly covered his eyes. "Her powers have really grown." Carlisle said. "What do you mean, Love?" Esme asked coming to stand next to him. "Samantha, when I last saw her, she was just learning to control her developing powers. SAMANTHA VOLTURI, YOU TILL THE COUNT OF THREE TO GET YOU BOTTOM OUT HERE! ONE….TWO…." "Jesses, do you really gotta shout that loud?" Samantha said as she landed in front of Carlisle. Carlisle reached behind her and landed a swift swat to her backside. "OW! What was that for?" Samantha asked as she reached a hand back to rub her bum. "What's my rule about using your gifts on others?" Carlisle asked as he crossed his arms. "Aww, man, it's my first day here!" Samantha exclaimed as Carlisle's entire list rule and punishments for breaking them came back to her. "What's the rule, Samantha Ray?" Carlisle insisted. "Using my gifts on others without their knowing is both rude and disrespectful and if you catch me or hear of me using my gifts like that you'd spank me bare every night for a week." Samantha grounded out as she glared at the ground in front of her. "Since it is indeed your first day here, I'll let it slid just this once. Now, apologize." "I'm sorry. Although, watching the major over there kiss the pixie vamp was kinda funny." Samantha said as she dodged Carlisle second swat and went to stand behind Edward and peeked out from behind him. "I'm Edward Anthony Mason, Jr. I don't have a mate yet. Carlisle changed me when I was 17, in the year 1918. I am telepath." Edward said as he turned to look at Samantha. "I'm Esme Platt Everson Cullen. Carlisle is my mated. I have no real gift. I was 26." Esme said as she looked at her. "I'm Rosalie Lillian Hale. Carlisle changed me after Esme. I think he and Esme were hoping I'd be a good match for Edward. Didn't work out, we are too different then we are the same. I was 18 when he changed me." Rosalie said looking at the young vampire. "Rosalie found me after I had been mauled by a bear. I'm Emmett McCarty Cullen. Carlisle was able to turn me at the last minute. I'm 20." Emmett said with a wide goofy smile. "I'm Mary Alice Brandon Cullen, but no one calls Mary Alice, unless your name is Jasper, Esme, or Carlisle. And it's only if I'm in trouble. I can predict the future." Alice said holding out her hand. Samantha shook her hand and then looked at Jasper. "I think I know who you are." Samantha said eyeing him closely. "Really?" Jasper replied. Samantha moved closer to him and pushed his sleeves up to reveal the marks left behind from fighting newborns. "What's his name, Samantha?" Carlisle said. "Major Jasper Whitlock. Went MIA after escorting women and children to safety on his return to base, in the confederate army. It was later found out that you were changed by a lady vamp named Maria. I never liked her. She was always mean to me. She's like Jane. Always trying to get me in trouble with Caius for things I didn't do...I've seen your pictures in my studies, sometimes. Can you really manipulate and feel what others are feeling?" Samantha asked. "Yes, I can. I can also see that you are blocking my gift and can use it against me." Jasper said with a smile as he looked at the young girl before him. "Wait. That kiss? You made him do it?" Alice asked with a surprised look. "It's not like he didn't want to." Rose said as she rolled her eyes. Just then Carlisle's phone rang. Samantha immediately grabbed the phone from his hand answered it. "HI, Papa!" "SAMANTHA RAY SMITH VOLTURI, YOU ARE IN SUCH TROUBLE YOUNG LADY! Put Carlisle on the phone this instant." Caius voice boomed over the phone. Samantha tossed the phone at Carlisle before bursting into tears and fleeing the area. Please let me know what you think of this chapter. I know it was along chapter as it is 3692 words long. Please read and review, Zivadavid123