hers in as well. I deleted it, but I knew her knowing mine would not end well. Maybe a small part of me wanted Bella to see I was attractive to girls, because she acts like I'm nothing special, and a lifetime of being told otherwise by every woman I meet and a majority of the men, tells me otherwise. I know she hates the beard, but all the same, she seems to relax more when I have it, and stupidly I let that cloud my vision. I assumed she was afraid she would be overwhelmed with passion if I stayed clean shaven or scruffy. I know she loves the scruff; she never misses an opportunity to stroke it, seemingly in jest, but I know she just likes me best that way. Her eyes change and light up when I walk into work or her place, with a days stubble instead of the beard. She may not even know that herself. I spend my days turning into some needy girl around her, over analyzing her every word, every look, every action. I'm like a teen girl watching her favourite pop star and trying to make everything he does a sign that he knows she exists and maybe he loves her. Wait, I don't love her. That's too extreme. I like her, a lot. I fancy the Hell out of her, and would do anything for a night in her bed. But on the other hand, I already know one night would never be enough, and it would fuel the flame instead of extinguishing it. She breaks all my rules. I always pictured myself with a tall, willowy, pencil thin blonde nymphomaniac with a large rack. Instead my ideal is a five foot two inch tall brunette who hates her curly hair and has no idea how beautiful she is. She throws herself away on loser guys and shakes them off like they are nothing more than raindrops she copped when out walking. She never mentions them in any meaningful way. She's strictly with them solely because she needs someone to scratch her itch and she likes dating, but the first time anyone starts throwing around the 'L' word, she is gone. I know she isn't happy with her solution, and I know she would love to be in love and have someone special, but she has to keep a balance and the job will always win. She'd never stand having some guy she loved sitting around waiting for the phone call that says we got unlucky and the perp shot her rather than came along quietly, and her deepest fear is having a child and leaving it motherless. She knows meaningful relationships end in marriage and marriage nearly always wants a kid and that would mean she had to quit and become a desk jockey at best; a librarian at worst. She's great at what she does and honestly, I would never want a better partner. I trust her completely to always have my back, as I always have hers. I'd take a bullet for her any day, without thought. The world would be a dark, empty place without Bella. Just as I sit down to eat the reheated leftovers from last night's dinner, my phone beeps.I have a new text message. Bella has arrived safely, and she assures me, it's great seeing Renee again. Now for the countdown. First days are always great, Day 2 Renee starts with the 'when are you going to grow up and settle down' routine, Day 3, it's 'you have to meet my friend's son, he has a safe, steady job and you will like him', Day 4 it's all "don't be ridiculous, how can you say he's boring? You had one date. Now go change into a dress, I've invited him for dinner tonight and Phil and I are spending the night at a friend's house so you two can bond', and that's when Bella runs back here. " Great. See you' ...let's see,today is Monday, that makes running home day Thursday...' Thursday" " Haha Cullen, you wish." I do wish, actually. But anyway, I will never know because tomorrow I'm heading back to visit my parents and Esme will probably insist I stay the whole week. Bella knows this so she will keep sending me texts every day pretending she has managed to stay at her Mom's, while in reality she will be here, laying in bed, eating Ben and Jerry's to get over the trauma of the visit, watching Casablanca. After dinner, I strip her bed and stuff her sheets into the washing machine in the kitchen corner, and get a fresh set from her linen press in the bathroom. Just for reaction purposes, I make up her bed, short-sheeting the bottom sheet so she'll be so annoyed she'll call to yell at me, and give away the fact she's back home here. Then I start cleaning. I don't get why guys who clean are considered 'gay', not everyone can live in a sty. Not that Bella's place is dirty, it's just a bit dusty around the edges. By the time the bathroom is gleaming, the wash cycle is done and I transfer the sheets into the dryer and wash her randomly abandoned clothes that lie around the room. I'm about to convert the sofa and I realize, tonight, just for one night, I could sleep in her bed. Well, on her bed. I don't want to undo my handy work with the sheets, and also, I don't want her smelling me on her sheets and giving the game away so I lie down on top of her quilt and put my comforter over my body, and push her horrible pillows aside and substitute my own. Casablanca is indeed in her dvd player so I watch the movie and fall asleep, dreaming of myself sitting behind a grand piano, smoking, watching the girl of my dreams walk into my 'gin joint'.