slow recovery and at the moment they are both unconscious. Bella was awake when they pulled her out but the specialist decided to put her into an induced coma to give her any chance of surviving and he says he actually thinks she is already stabilizing, so that's a positive sign. Jake hasn't regained consciousness at all. Yet. It's bad, Billy, I won't lie. But there is hope. For both of them. We mustn't give up." Billy turned the chair back to face Sam. " I wonder where they have been hiding all these weeks? Why didn't they just run off together, somewhere far away and pretend they had never been apart? Thank you for coming back all this way to tell me yourself. I don't think I could have handled hearing this by phone. How is Emily? And the baby? It's lucky for me that you were there." "Emily is fine, she will be released later this week. The baby has to stay for quite a while yet. He's twelve weeks early, but despite that, the doctor thinks his chances are excellent. He didn't need to go on life support and he's breathing on his own already, so it's looking hopeful. Don't you worry about them, Jake is the one who needs your hopes and prayers now." "I have to tell Charlie about this myself. Will you drive me there?" "Of course," Sam replied. He wasn't looking forward to this part. Bella Swan Cullen may not be one of his favourite people, and she could be quite abrasive and tactless, but when she was with Jake, she was a different person altogether. They should have been the ones caught out. A baby would have cemented them even closer together and this whole disaster would never have happened. If only that little pale skinned auburn haired infant had been Jake's... xxx Sam lifted the chair from the back of the truck and helped Billy back into it, then pushed the chair towards the front door of Charlie Swan's house. Just as they were about to knock, they both turned as the police cruiser pulled up behind their vehicle, and Charlie himself stepped out. "Hey. Here to watch the game?" Charlie said with a laugh, holding up a six pack of vitamin R. "I had a bet with myself you two would be over tonight to catch it on my flat screen. It's going to be one hell of a game." "Charlie," Billy said falteringly, hating to break the news and wipe the smile from his best friends face. "We didn't come for that. I'm so sorry. It's not good news, Charlie." "What isn't? What happened?" Charlie asked, his face instantly wary and grave. "It's Bella. She's been hurt." Charlie shook his head. "Billy, she's fine. The car didn't actually hit her. She jumped back just in time and fell. She bumped her head a little. Carlisle is keeping her in overnight but he said she will be fine. She's a bit dazed and he thinks she has concussion but it's not serious. Don't worry about her. She was sitting up asking for coffee by the time I left the hospital. Boy, news travels fast. To be honest, I'm just so glad she's back and alive and going to be okay. Is there any news about Jake? I admit I thought they'd run off together. It seemed like the obvious conclusion." "You saw Bella? In Forks hospital?" "Yes. Room 54 if you want to visit. Just don't freak out if she doesn't recognize you. Carlisle said it's temporary, just part of the concussion. She will be her old self before we know it. Edward's there at her bedside, of course." "Bella was in a car accident and now she is in Fork's Hospital and she fell and bumped her head? And you saw and spoke to her yourself? Today? You are sure it's her?" Billy asked, confused. Sam scratched his head. "So, it would seem it wasn't Bella on that clifftop with Jake after all. I wonder who the girl is?" he mumbled quietly to his friend. Charlie looked at them both impatiently. "I think I know my own daughter. Tyler Crowley lost control of his new sports car on the bend in town and Bella was walking over from the bus station. He almost hit her; she fell; she hit her head. Dave took her to Forks hospital in the ambulance. And Edward is there, at her bedside, as I said. We can't both be wrong. It's Bella alright." "Then I'm glad she is okay and you have her back," Billy said. "We have to go. Jake was in an accident himself. He's in Seattle General. Sam's driving me there." "I hope he's not badly hurt. Let me know after you get there. Call my cell phone in case I'm out on a call or back visiting my daughter, okay? I want to know how he is. I'm relieved we were wrong. I mean, maybe they did run off together, but obviously Bella had second thoughts and came back. I knew she would never desert her daughter." "I'm relieved too. I will call you." Billy reassured him, and Sam pushed the wheelchair back to the truck. "So," Sam said as he pulled away into the street," who on Earth is the girl Jake jumped with, if she is not Bella Swan Cullen?" xxxx OK, now I need help. As any regular readers know, I like very few girl's names and tend to use Lucy, Scarlet, Kristabelle over and over, so please leave your suggestion for Edward's daughter's name in your review and no, please, no Renesmee's. I only have one daughter myself and used the only girl's name I love and wanted to use, so had she been born with a twin sister, the other baby would not have had a name for months. Boys names..I always had way more than I could use. They all have 3 names each.