name is Isabella. xxxx The receptionist seemed unsurprised that we were back and she handed over the keycard and gave me a wink. Okay, she got it. She knew a guy like Edward was hard to resist and even harder to walk away from. Luckily nobody else entered the elevator or appeared in the lobby on our floor because we were both pretty much naked by the time Edward opened the door to our room. The bedcovers were tossed to the floor as Edward all but threw me onto the bed, and he was above me as soon as he kicked off his shoes, and pulled my black leather boots from my legs. My new knickers were thrown somewhere, and then Edward paused, running his hands over my naked body. "Is there anything you want to try? So far you have let me lead." "There's a reason for that, remember," I replied. "Oh, I will never ever forget that I was your first," Edward replied. "Nobody else has ever bestowed that honour on me. I will treasure the memory." "So, maybe you could lie down and I could...sort of..." "be on top? That would be nice." He helped me as I somewhat inelegantly straddled his body and lowered myself onto him. It was good, being in control of how slowly he fitted inside, and how deep I wanted him to go. Once he was all the way in, he grinned. "Well done. You seem to be a natural at this." "Maybe I just have the best teacher," I replied. Edward held my hips and smiled as I tried to work out what to do now. He took my feet and placed them flat on the mattress again and guided me up away from him, then back down. Thrills shot through me, and I soon figured out where to aim for and I had to agree, this was coming naturally to me. To us. We seemed to be a very good fit. I had no clue if he was large or average, having no comparisons to draw on, but he was the perfect size for me. He leaned up and started sucking on a nipple, and I exploded without warning, yelling out his name. He wrapped his arms around my body and sat up properly, keeping me still flush against him as I pulsed and tried to remember to breathe. How were we going to stop? He hadn't come yet and that made me bold. I wasn't a fan of this layer of plasticky latex between us. "Edward, have you ever made love bareback?" I asked, rubbing my hands through his hair. "No, never. I've only had sex within relationships and neither got to the point where I was willing to risk impregnating either girl," he replied. Wow. I was only his third. I had kind of figured he would have been with a lot of girls by now. "I really want us to try that. Please." He shook his head. "Isabella, that's too dangerous. I mean, I'm clean. I've been tested since we split up and I have never done anything risky anyway, but you don't need the worry and complications of an unwanted pregnancy. Isn't this enough?" I could feel him bucking slightly, impatient to get going again so he could finish. I would never get this chance again. Not with him. "Please. I just finished my period. There's no chance I'm ovulating any time soon. Even your sperm could not hang around for ten more days. I really want to feel you come inside me." I had him. He moaned at the idea. Quickly taking advantage, I stood and peeled the condom from him, and tossed it away, before sitting back down, and feeling nothing but him; his bare naked skin; inside me. "So much better," I cooed, and he sighed and kissed my lips. "Isabella, only you could convince me to allow this. I have to withdraw beforehand, so don't stop me." As it turned out, I didn't have to. He was in a perfect rhythm, rocking me to the edge again, and as I felt myself let go, he suddenly pumped harder and came inside me. I knew he would freak so I grabbed his shoulders and sat there, holding him, kissing his head, murmuring that it was okay, everything was going to be fine. "I'm so regular you could use me as a calendar. There's no harm done. It's way too early in my cycle," I reassured him. He finally stilled and looked up at me almost bashfully. "Isabella, that was the best feeling I have ever felt in my life." "For me too," I agreed. "We can't do it again," he warned, but guess what? He was wrong. Because we did. Twice. We showered together in a rush, and I threw on my clothing, and he caught me as I headed for the door. I just hoped Charlie Swan was as late as I was. "Goodbye, Isabella. Thank you for the very best twenty four hours of my life. No matter what you say, I am allowed to love you a little bit. Please remember me. I'll never forget you. One day I will find you again and your life will not be complicated by then," he promised. "Goodbye, Edward. It's been unbelievable," I replied. "It's been the best time ever, and I love you a little as well. I hope you do find me again. I won't be hiding." Well, I guess I would be, but one day this case would be over, and I would definitely reevaluate my priorities, because suddenly, for the first time, there was another life I wanted more than the one I had worked for, and achieved by my own merit, and was living now. Our last kiss was so tender it brought tears to my eyes, so I pulled away and fled, as if the hounds of Hell were at my heels. I didn't dare look back.