make his way over to her, her luggage in hand. He set it beside her. "Any more?" he questioned. "Just a small one." She kept her eyes peeled, looking out for her bag. "You ok, Bells? You look a little pale." Charlie noticed. Bella still felt dizzy with anxiety and her stomach felt like it might expel its contents. Her stomach still felt turned. "I think the plane made me feel a little bit sick, that's all." She lied smoothly. As she said this, she saw another familiar bag come around. "That's mine, too. The small red one." Bella was thankful for the distraction. Charlie promptly walked to grab the bag. Bella packed light, as the majority of her clothes were designed to be worn in the Arizona heat. The clothes in her bags were mostly new purchases, to prepare herself for the gloomy, constant winter town that is Forks, Washington. "That's everything?" Charlie double-checked with Bella. "That's everything." Bella confirmed. Bella's large suitcase had a handle and could be wheeled along the ground. Her other bag had a shoulder strap. Charlie awkwardly wheeled her suitcase behind him whilst trying to balance her shoulder strapped bag on his shoulder. Whilst her shoulder bag was small, she knew that it was heavy – she filled it with her favourite books. Watching Charlie walk lopsided with her shoulder bag and wheeling her large suitcase behind her, she saw that he was an accident waiting to happen. "Are you sure you don't-"she was offering to help him, but before she could finish, her cut her off. "I've got it, Bells. The car is parked right outside – not far." He assured her Charlie was stubborn – another trait that Bella had inherited. She didn't say anything, but hoped that he had the coordination to get to the car as she allowed him to continue his awkward walk. She spotted Charlie's police cruiser as soon as they got out of the airport. The airport was sheltered from the outside, which made it so much easier for Bella to feel a little more relaxed. Charlie had parked in the one-minute drop off zone, which although it was convenient for the both of them, she knew he was not allowed to park his car there. She wondered if the parking violation he mentioned before had anything to do with him parking there. She brushed it off. She was thankful for where he had parked, even though it meant that her police chief father had broken the law. Whilst the parking spot that Charlie chose was convenient, Bella would still have to walk a mere metre from the foot to the car where the shelter ends. This though, Bella had under control. She practiced in the shower for a long time, manipulating the water around her so that it was just that – around her, not touching her at all. But to do this, she needed both of her hands free. The umbrella in her hand suddenly felt a lot heavier. The two of them made their way to the car and Charlie put both of Bella's bags in the back. "It's unlocked." Said Charlie, noticing that Bella hadn't stepped out from under the shelter that the roof of the airport allowed her. Little did he know, she knew the police cruiser was unlocked. She was just thinking of a way to use her powers of water to manipulate the rain so not a single drop hit her. Charlie was just about the close the back of the car when Bella asked- "Could you put this in there, too?" handing out the umbrella to Charlie. She knew her powers would be more reliable than Charlie's old umbrella at keeping her dry. Charlie looked puzzled. "Are you sure you don't want it?" Charlie knew Bella's detest of rain, which bordered on phobia-like. Having lived in Forks all of his life, the rain didn't bother Charlie. He had bought the umbrella with him for Bella. "Yeah." Said Bella. "I'll be fine." Charlie shrugged and took the umbrella away from Bella, putting it in the back. Now Bella's two hands were free, she could move the rain around. She went to take a step out of the shelter before realising, how was she supposed to open the car door, without getting rain on one side of her? Luckily, at this point, Charlie came around and opened the door for her. He assumed that Bella had not heard him tell her that the car was unlocked. The passenger side of the car was closest to her which made it oh-so-easy for Bella, now that she could use her powers. Just like she had in the airport, she rested both of her hands by her side. She turned her arms, facing her palms outward. The rain – which would be more appropriately labelled a drizzle -, at Bella's hand movements moved by her will. The water stayed dangerously close to her, however Bella did that purposely so it did not as if she had the power to move water by a simple hand movement – that might just arise suspicion. So she kept it close to her, but not close enough that it would touch her – she had enough self-control for that. She smoothly got into the police cruiser and fastened her seat belt. "Ok." Charlie mumbled, starting the car up. He turned to Bella. "Let's go." Again, although he didn't show it on his face, Charlie was so excited to have Bella stay with him. He had been looking forward to this day ever since he found out that Bella wanted to visit Forks. For weeks he had been busily preparing her room, cleaning the house and stocking the pantry with foods he knew that Bella liked. Bella felt… not the exact opposite as Charlie did… but she felt fairly close. She detested Forks, she loved Phoenix. The two began their journey to Forks. Charlie, excited. Bella… not so much.