with me." I said, crossing an X over my heart. She smirked as well, once again looping her arm through mine. I smiled at the contact. It wasn't far to the cafeteria. By the time we made it inside, it was already full of students. I felt like every single one of them stared at us as we walked in. My face flushed again as we walked over to the line for food. I suddenly didn't feel very hungry. Regardless, Alice led me to the food. I halfheartedly picked up an apple, as she picked up a bagel. I put my apple and an orange on my tray, waiting for Alice. She soon led me to the table with the rest of her family. My chair made a squeaking sound as it scratched across the floor. I flinched at the sound, feeling even more awkward. I cleared my throat, "Uh, hi." I managed. They just stared back. "Hi," Emmet finally offered, to which I was thankful. I nodded, again awkwardly, as I took a small bite of the apple. I chewed it slowly before finally swallowing. Everyone was staring. Not just the Cullen's, but all the other students. It was painfully obvious. "So…" I began, trying to come up with some sort of conversation. My brain failed me, though, as I couldn't come up with anything. "How was your last class?" Alice asked nicely. She genuinely seemed interested. I perked up at that, "Oh, History? It was nice. And easy. I guess we're going over Greek mythology, which I'm kind of a nerd with anyway, so I knew most of the answers." "You like Greek mythology?" The short girl asked. I nodded, "Yeah. I mean, it's interesting, isn't it? All the gods and goddesses. My favorite story is probably the one with Prometheus. He stole fire from the sun, you see, and gave to mankind. Zeus, however, got pissed off at him for it and as a punishment chained him to a rock, to get his liver eaten by a hawk—or was it eagle?—every day." I realized I said all that in a single breath and blushed. "Sounds painful," Emmet commented, "You're really interested in that?" "Well, I mean, yeah. Not the painful part. But Prometheus had to know he was going to get punished, but went ahead and did it anyway. For the good of mankind. It's kind of noble, really. Another interesting story they have is that everyone was born with two heads, four legs, and four arms, but one day Zeus separated everyone, so everyone had to spend their lives looking for their other halves. Kind of romantic, really. I wish that kind of thing were true." I realized again that I was ranting, "Sorry. This stuff is just interesting to me. I didn't mean to ramble." "You're fine!" Alice said, smiling, "It's fun to see you so enthusiastic. What do you mean you wish that kind of thing were true, though? Don't you believe in love?" I suddenly became uncomfortable, aware that four of the people at the table were in relationships, "I mean, yeah, I guess. I just don't think it's for everyone." "But you're so young," Alice started, "you can't possibly have given up on love already." I scoffed, "Ah, to have given up alludes to the fact that I tried in the first place." Alice looked sad for a moment, and I was afraid I'd said something wrong, but in a moment she was back to her happy-go-lucky self. "You'll find your soulmate. I know it." She said. "Oh," I said, embarrassed, "Thanks?" She just smiled, "Maybe you've already met your soul mate, anyway." "Are you suggesting that I left my soulmate in Arizona?" I asked, smirking. "You're from Arizona?" Bella suddenly asked, intrigued, "What part?" "Chandler. Why?" "I was from Phoenix, originally." She answered. Something about her look almost seemed wistful. I nodded, "That's cool." I suddenly realized that none of them had touched their food, "Aren't you guys hungry?" I asked. "We had a big breakfast." Edward supplied. "Oh," I shrugged, "Okay." Another awkward silence lapsed, and I took another bite of my apple. "What other stories about Greek mythology do you like?" Alice suddenly asked. I furrowed my brows in thought, before kind of laughing to myself. She raised a brow in question. "Oh," I began, "I just—it's not really Greek mythology, but it's this TV show that was about it. Have you ever heard of Xena: Warrior Princess?" I asked hopefully, and at their blank stares I assumed it was a no, "Well, that makes sense. I think most people our age haven't watched it." They all seemed to think that was amusing, smiling, and I just continued, "It aired in the late 90's and early 2000's." "What was it about?" Alice asked, genuinely curious. I laughed to myself again, feeling awkward, but not caring, "You know Hercules? Zeus' half-human half-god son?" At the nod I received, I continued, "Well, she was his friend in this TV show. She was kind of a mary-sue—" "Mary-sue?" "Oh. When someone is perfect, with no flaws. It generally happens in TV shows and books and stuff." I explained before continuing, "Well, she had this side-kick, Gabrielle, and they ran around saving towns and stuff. It revolved around Greek mythology, though. It's one of my favorite shows." "Hmm." Alice said, "Maybe we could watch it together sometime." "Hah," I began, "maybe. But it's a really cheesy show," I warned, "and the special effects are pretty bad." Alice shrugged, "I don't mind. I think it would be fun." I smiled at the thought, "Okay, then. It's a date." Her smile practically tore her face in two. A/N : Thanks for reading! I haven't written out anymore of this, and I'm not sure I will. Let me know if you enjoyed it and I might feel motivated to write more :P. But really, critiques are welcome. Just nothing super critical, please. I do have feelings.