know you had plans to go back there," Edward said, puzzled. "The only reason I had no plans to stay was because I never imagined Jake would get a job there and now he has. It's perfect when you think about it. Okay, I was resigned to making the best of things back here, and being employed at that joke of a newspaper, but suddenly everything has changed, Edward. It's like I have my cake and can eat it too. I only ever came back because this was where I assumed Jake would always be and just being with him was enough to make me willingly sacrifice all my career hopes and dreams. Now we can have it all. I'm so fucking happy! I never knew it was possible to feel so filled with hope and joy about our future." "I am happy for you, truly." "You don't look it," I replied, taking one of his hands into my own and gazing into his emerald green eyes. "Edward, I'm getting so much more than I ever expected. I'm getting the perfect man, in the perfect location, in the perfect life. I'm so freaking lucky. Be glad for me." "I am glad for you, you deserve everything you ever wanted," he stated, lifting my fingers to his lips and kissing them gently. He reluctantly let my hand go and pulled me into a bearhug instead and I felt him softly kiss the top of my head. "I just don't know what I'm going to do without you," he whispered. xxxx "So, I had this idea," I said, wriggling free from his embrace after it went on long enough to turn awkward. "What idea?" he asked. "I'm going to paint my bedroom and make it look like a grown-ups bedroom so when Charlie has guests, they don't think he is assigning them to sleep in a teenager's crack den or something," I laughed. "Want to help me?" Okay, I wasn't blind. Edward was my closest friend bar none. We'd shared a place for four years; he wasn't ready to let go yet. But if we did this makeover together, maybe he would get sick of me and be glad when next week arrived and I left town. "Do you have the paint and stuff?" Edward asked, seeming a little cheerier. "Nope, but I know where we can buy it. A little store called Newtons." It was the only store in this town to sell paint and so forth, and I had worked there weekends while still at High School to save up money for college. Even though Edward had no such need, with a rich Dad and all, he had gotten a job there as well and we'd become close as we unpacked supplies in the stockroom and sat together in our coffee breaks, and thus when college loomed, he'd asked me to be his roomie. I couldn't even afford a dorm, in reality, so he unknowingly made it possible for me to have further education. Carlisle owned the apartment, and although it only had one bedroom, Edward insisted I had to have it because I was a girl, while he slept out in the sitting room, which was large and airy and his bed didn't look that out of place. Student housing is full of beds crammed into weird places just to get in an extra student to help out with the rent. It wasn't like either of us had friends to bring home anyway. We'd sat together on his bed every Friday night, eating take away and watching some dvd on the one night Edward didn't study. In Winter, we were wrapped in his expensive down Continental quilt that made my own seem like nothing more than a thin blanket. I had so many fond memories of us, it would be weird for me too, to live so far away. especially as New York had been a place I had lived with him and not with Jake, so many places would bring back memories. Edward had insisted we go and explore different parts of the city every Saturday morning, so it wouldn't be like we only ever saw NYU as our total experience there. We had favourite eateries, and book shops where we'd found wonderful rare treasures, and preferred clothing stores where reasonably good quality clothes didn't cost an arm and a leg like they did in the big stores. Edward bought me a new outfit every birthday, so by the end of college I had four city dresses that contrasted markedly against my other clothing. xxx "I'll drive," Edward announced. Charlie was just about to leave in the cruiser and go do his shift, so that was useful. No parental interference about our colour scheme. Mike Newton rushed to greet and serve us when we entered. Mike's parents owned the store and he was okay for a small town boy. He'd always given Edward and I the same shifts because he knew how nervous I got about new experiences, so having my Biology table partner work when I did was helpful to us all. "Bella, is it true? Are you and Jacob leaving town? Like, forever?" he asked, looking crestfallen. I guess Mike counted Jake and I among his few friends that he really cared about, not just because we had all gone to the same schools together in our childhoods and teens. "Yep. In a week's time, I shall be moving to the city. Jake's there now, Sam needed him to start last week because he landed some massive new account. They will be looking for an affordable apartment for us after work. There will not be many of those." "Carlisle's place is empty. I'm sure he'd be happy to rent it out to you," Edward said quietly. I wanted to jump at the chance to accept but wouldn't it feel kind of odd, living there with Jake this time, instead of Edward? But beggers can't be choosers