you." She was broken, I could see it in her eyes. Even as she cried I could see how distant her eyes had become, like she was receding into her mind, hiding from reality. Her silent tears soon turned into sobs the racked her whole body, which caused her physical pain, which made her cry out. I wanted to hold her and tell her it would be alright, but I knew that the slightest touch would cause her to freak out. She had suffered a trauma I could not even imagine enduring. Sure my past has its messed up moments, but my life wasn't completely torn apart by a single person, whom I had fallen madly in love with. She had been betrayed and lied to. Beaten, raped, and left for dead. I couldn't even begin to understand the process of healing that would have to take place for her. She cried herself to sleep, and I just sat watching, wishing I could do something. What good is seeing the future, when it's the past that needs to be changed? I got up from the chair and left the room silently, not wanting to wake her up from whatever peace she could get from her slumber. I closed the door to her room softly and looked around. I found Carlisle standing at the nurse's station checking on a patients chart. He glanced up to me and smiled weakly. "Any change?" He asked me calmly. He knew I told her, he had to have heard everything. It was more for the sake of people seeing us. We had to look normal. So I nodded. "She woke up for a bit, but she sleeps again. I had to tell her, she asked, and I couldn't, not tell her. Was I wrong, should I have waited…" His hands were on my arms softly and quickly, pulling me into a warm hug. "Relax, Alice. You did the right thing. Go home, we will take care of her, and you need to get out and hunt. Be with your family. I will call you when I need you." I nodded, I wouldn't argue. Through the last few months, I had neglected my thirst for as much as possible, when I could no longer stand the thirst I left to hunt, then I would return to the hospital as quickly as I could manage. I left as little as possible, and had hardly seen any of my siblings. Not that they were complaining, they knew what I felt, even Jasper. I wasn't actually mated to Jasper thought we acted like it. I loved Jasper dearly, and then I fell in love with Bella the moment I saw her. She chose that monster, I let her. I had Jasper. 2 months later, Jasmine arrived, taking Jasper from me. I was really complaining, he deserved the happiness I was no longer giving him. Bella being hurt, reminded me of all of this, and after being forced alone, which was all I wanted, to be alone. I shopped, because like anything was able to stop me, but, I shopped alone. I hunted alone, and at night I would go to my room to pretend to sleep, alone. I only wanted one thing, Bella. And until now she was happy with Edward. Just the thought of him makes my mouth fill with venom. How could he do this? What made him into such a monster? Oh, what did it matter? My mind was racing with all of these thoughts that I didn't even notice that I had driven home, and was pulling into the garage. I didn't get out of my car though. My mind was still racing and filling with thoughts. Bella now had no family to turn to, and the only family that she might have, she may want nothing to do with, just for having housed and loved the monster that had now destroyed her. I tried to look into the future, to see what Bella would be like, where she would be. Would she ever smile again, would she ever be happy again? How could she, if I lost all my siblings I would be crushed, and would probably attempt to anger the Volturi. I was broken from my thoughts by a tapping on the glass of the window. Rose was looking at me with concerned eyes. "Are you ever coming out of there?" She asked with a small smile. I nodded and opened the door, climbing out slowly, before embracing her tightly. "I wish I could cry, Rose. I wish I could do more than just ache from the pain I feel. I want to release it." I mumbled into her shoulder. I felt her hand lace into my hair, as she began to rock me. "I know Alice, but everything will be alright. With time…" I couldn't argue with her. It is a known vampire fact. Time fixes everything. Though I doubted that time would have much effect on Bella's pain. "She woke up today. I tried to hold her hand, but she jerked away. She is so broken Rose, and with no family, and with the chance she will reject ours. I…" Rose silenced me by breaking the hug and putting a finger to my lips. "Shush. Give her time. She just lost everything she holds dear. She has to come to terms with that before she can embrace anything knew. You can't rush her." I nodded and conceded to the wisdom of Rosalie. "Good. Now let's go hunt. Your eyes are as black as night. And I could do with a filler myself." She nudged me with her arm towards the door. I nodded again and she led me out of the garage and into the yard. We broke into a run, letting our instincts take over, and letting the pain and bad thoughts fade into the background. It was a temporary respite, but for now, it was exactly what I needed…