Jewel in the Crown Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are the property of Stephanie Meyer. I have borrowed them for my entertainment and (hopefully) your reading pleasure. I make no profit from their use. Chapter 1: Rejection The most wretched moment of my long and miserable existence, was the moment that Rosalie told me that Bella was dead. She jumped off a cliff in La Push to kill herself. Even my vapid sister had been able to connect the dots. Just as I couldn't live without Bella, she couldn't live without me. For six months, I had hoped and prayed that she would get on with her life. She would find some other human to fall in love with. I had fought against fate. I had sworn up and down to Alice and Carlisle that there had to be another way. But I never imagined this. Alice's vision had been so clear. Her fate was tied to mine. So I thought that I could save her by leaving, by cutting the slender thread that held us together. But my leaving only changed her in such a way that she took this action. She changed her mind. She decided to die. How easy it is for a human to die! I hoped that maybe Rosalie had it wrong. I thought that perhaps Alice's vision had been not true or not precisely what she thought it was. Clinging to this last little sliver of hope, I called Charlie's house. An unfamiliar voice answered the phone. It sounded hostile. When I spoke after assuming Carlisle's voice, it became even more hostile. Dripping with hatred, the voice said, "Charlie's not here. He's at the funeral." I asked no questions. I simply hung up. There were no questions left to ask. Of course, Charlie was at a funeral, Bella's funeral. And whoever answered that phone must have known why she killed herself. I am sure that Charlie, his friends and family, not only hate me, but all the Cullens. I wondered if Alice had found him that he even let her stay. Charlie had always liked Alice. She was there to help him when he couldn't fully care for Bella after she returned from the hospital in Phoenix. At that point, I was the only one that Charlie hated. I could read it explicitly in his every thought. Charlie's generally muted thoughts were never more apparent than when he was thinking about me. The more Bella loved me, the more he hated me. I thought that perhaps it was the natural jealousy of a father for the man that his daughter had chosen. I had read about that before and had seen it in the thoughts of other fathers. Daddy's little girl, that was Bella. But no sooner had Bella finally returned to him, than she fell in love with me. It was kind of ironic really. It wasn't as if he were working very hard at building a relationship with her. Even though they lived together, he spent very little time with her. Between fishing and working, she was often left alone. Even though I couldn't read her mind, I knew that she was marking time. She had moved away from her mother to make her happy, the mother that she called her best friend. If she ever had any other friends in Phoenix, she never mentioned them. She didn't even have many friends among the humans at Forks High School, but not for lack of trying on their part. She was painfully shy. She hated the attention they gave her. Even when I tried to get a read on her through their thoughts, I had to fill in a lot of blanks. She preferred listening to speaking, and that naturally made her more popular. What human doesn't like someone who sits and listens to her babble about herself, like Jessica Stanley does? But she talked to me. Maybe it was because I was more tenacious than the others. Maybe it was because I was more interested hearing about her than listening to myself talk, but she talked to me all the time. When we finally broke down the barriers between us, it seemed like we could never stop talking. I should have known that it could never last. I should have known that sooner or later, her proximity to my world would kill her. But how was I to know that even my absence could kill her, and in a most devastating way. The Christians believe that if someone commits suicide, they are barred from heaven. They feel that such an action, such a flagrant waste of human life, damns his soul to all eternity. Well, my soul is already damned. So now to be with her, I will follow her to hell. I feel as if I have damned her there myself. What worse sin could I have possibly committed? My beautiful, innocent, exceptionally good Bella has not been given a place in the afterlife that she so richly deserves. That one last mistake, all because of me, has sent her to the very place I sought to save her from. It is a tragedy that even the great Bard himself could never have envisioned. So what was there to do, except to get on a plane in Rio and fly to Rome? After landing at the airport, I took off for Volterra. The beauty of the ancient Tuscan landscape did not penetrate my consciousness as I ran toward the fate that I had chosen. All I could see in front of my eyes was Bella's face. It seemed to be calling to me, begging me to join her in the depths of fiery hell. What were those words that she hurled at me in our final meeting? If this is about my soul, then you can have it. I don't want it without you. I had no idea that in that wretched moment she truly was handing me her soul. If I had known, could I have changed my course? Probably not, at that point, I was listening to no one but myself as I argued with all of my instincts that wanted to stay with her. After months of convincing myself that I was the protector of this danger magnet, I had failed her. At the outskirts of Volterra, as I looked up at the ancient walls, I had this enormous sense that I was running towards my destiny. As I approached the entrance to the tower, I took in the little details, the iron gates and then the bland, human normality of the reception area. The receptionist was surprised to see me. But she didn't look at me with the same degree of admiration that most other human women did. She was comparing me to the guard Demetri and finding me lacking. But the message was sent and another guard Felix (much to her disappointment) came to escort me in. He completely ignored her, but looked at me with interest. I realized then that he had known Carlisle. Of course he did. Most of the Volturi guard had been "employed" there for over five hundred years. Nearly all of them would have known this unusual curiosity of Aro's. I entered the room to face the three of them, Marcus, Aro, and Caius. They were an interesting trio on first glance, a triumvirate worthy of the Roman Empire: Marcus, the bored one, Aro, the curious, and Caius, the irritated. The thoughts of no one else in the room mattered, although the overall feeling was one of curiosity, something interesting walking in to relieve the tedium. "You do not need to ask, young Edward," said Aro, after he whispered to my side in the blink of a human eye and greedily grasped my hand. He read everything in my mind rapidly and then turned to the others. "Brothers, we must consult," he said quickly. As if on cue, Felix poked me in the back and walked me into the anteroom with the receptionist again. Apparently, those words were the sign that Aro wished to speak with the others. I read the chagrin in Felix's thoughts. He had been looking forward to a quick execution. And of course, so had I. Now, I am waiting as they consult and prepare for more disappointment. I am right. I return to face my rejection. "I'm afraid that your gifts are to valuable to waste," says Aro, in his whispery voice, as he denies my request for death. "But if you are not happy with your lot, come, join us. We would be happy to make use of your talents." I turn away, bothered because he is refusing to make this easy for me. I should have realized when I first approached him that he would take a second look at me for Carlisle's sake. I had no idea when he grasped my hand that this would be the result. I had no idea that he would be so delighted by my talent, when he had a mind reading ability of his own without boundaries. But I can do what he cannot. I can read multiple minds at once and I don't need physical contact. I don't even have to be in the presence of the person I am listening to. And now he knows this. I could almost see the wheels turning in his head, along with his thoughts, the moment he let go of my hand. He asked for time to consult with his brothers. As if that mattered. He wanted me, another jewel to add to the collection. Maybe that's all that's left of me, a cold stone. Aro seems to view me as a precious gem, a diamond or something. But I really feel more like cubic zirconia, worthless. Alice warned me that if I left Bella something like this would happen. The night I told them that we had to leave, she screamed at me that Bella would do something stupid and reckless. But when I asked her what, she couldn't tell me. "Of course, I can't tell you, you idiot!" she had yelled. "You haven't told her that you are leaving. How can she decide to do something crazy if she doesn't know that the bottom is about to fall out of her world?" "And why are you making that assumption then?" I asked her. "Because I can still see the same vision of her fate," she said. "Look!" And there I saw it. There I am, standing with Bella's lifeless body in my arms. And then the other, only that one has changed. It is no longer Alice, arm and arm with Bella, it is I. And we are not smiling. "What the hell does that mean?" I shouted. "I don't know," she replied through gritted teeth. "All that I can tell you is that you will not be able to stay away from her. Either you will return to her or she will find you. There is no other course." "There has to be!" I said. "There has to be. And the only chance for it is if I go, the sooner, the better." "C'mon bro," said Emmett. "Lighten up. Bella's tougher than you think. And it would only too easy for you to solve this problem. Whether you stay or go, as long as Bella is human, she's going be in danger every day of her life." I hate it when Emmett gets all insightful on me. It's just easier to think of him as my easy-going, not so bright brother. I hated facing the six of them. None of them could possibly know how I felt. They were each partnered with their perfect mates. I had found my own soul mate as well. But leave it to Rosalie to have summed it up months ago. "Don't you see? He's in love with a human. How so classically Edward!" No kidding, Rose. And of