A New World Full of Strangers Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are the property of Stephanie Meyer. I have borrowed them for my entertainment and (hopefully) your reading pleasure. I make no profit from their use. Author's Note: This story is a continuation of the story "A World Full of Strangers: Prelude." Reading that story is critical to understanding the full premise of this one. For those of you who have read the Prelude, this may seem repetitive (I've tried to make it interesting), but I wanted new readers to get a flavor of what is to come. Chapter 1: Prologue: My Old World "Renesmee, honey?" "Yes, Daddy?" I reply. "We are going to be stopping for gas soon," he says cheerfully. "You should think about what you want to get to eat." "Okay," I say. "But I'm really not hungry." He frowns at me into the rearview mirror. I sigh. I know that my lack of appetite is beginning to worry him, Momma, and Esme, but it's not like I can force myself to eat. They offered to stop and go hunting, but I didn't feel like that either. But how much of an appetite can I really have after just sitting around all day? And worst of all, there is nothing for me to do except think. As we drive northwest across the Canadian prairie towards our new home of Whitehorse in the Yukon Territory, I begin to find the scenery monotonous. The land is very flat, and the speed of the car turns everything into a green and blur. Except when we pass by a field of sunflowers. Then it turns yellow for a bit. At first I was interested when we passed a large onion-domed building. Daddy explained that it was a Russian Orthodox Church and that a number of them settled here because it reminded them of the Siberian steppes. For a while it felt like they were everywhere. But after a while they became boring too. Daddy is doing the driving now, with Esme in the other front seat. They keep switching back and forth. I don't know why, because it's not like they get tired or need to rest. But maybe they get bored too. I am starting to wish that we had flown like the others, or just driven up through British Columbia. I am starting to learn the geography of my new country, but it is easy compared to the United States. When they decided to leave Forks and move to Whitehorse, the family talked about how we would go. It was decided that Carlisle, Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Auntie Rose would fly up right away so get things ready for when our stuff arrived. They would buy a house, enroll in school, and Carlisle would establish himself at the hospital. The rest of us, Momma, Daddy, Esme, and I would drive east across the US through Washington, Idaho, and Montana to North Dakota. Then Esme and I would drop off Momma and Daddy in Grand Forks so that they could run across the border through the wilderness and meet us in Winnipeg, Manitoba. When we crossed, Esme would be pretend to be my mother. She's going to be my mother, at least to the humans, when we are out in public in Whitehorse. So now we have been driving back northwest across Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta, and British Columbia towards the Al-Can. That's the road that will take us directly to Whitehorse. We are going in such a roundabout way for two reasons. The first reason is that they want me to get used to the idea of living in a new place. In fact, sometimes Daddy and Esme have been telling me about Canada because they lived there before. The second is that they didn't want Jacob following us. Carlisle is afraid that he will make another scene and say some more things that he might regret. I am sitting curled up against Momma in the back seat. I am glad that she isn't doing any of the driving. I feel better when I am close to her because I think that she understands my Jacob better than anyone. He was her best friend when she was human and Daddy went away. She doesn't talk a lot either. She seems to be thinking about a lot of things as well. It's going to be the first time that she is going to play the human charade with the rest of the family. I think that she's worried about it. Every once in a while, Carlisle calls to talk to Esme. They miss each other very much. That is the hardest part of the move for them. Daddy and Momma got to stay together. Auntie Rose and Uncle Emmett got to stay together. Auntie Alice and Jasper got to stay together. But Carlisle and Esme split up for practical reasons. He had to go ahead to Whitehorse to establish things, while Esme had to be my mother to get me across the border into the country. Looking at us from the outside, no one would believe that Daddy and Momma are my parents. When they were turned into vampires, they were only teenagers. Daddy was seventeen and Momma was eighteen. Well, Momma was only three days short of nineteen, but don't remind her of that or she will get mad at you. She doesn't like being older than Daddy. And throughout the rest of their existence, they will never age. But I was born before my Momma became a vampire. Momma and Daddy got married and it was less than a month before I came along. It was a very big shock to everyone because no one ever thought that humans and vampires could make babies together. But Momma and Daddy did. And even though I killed my Momma's human life, Daddy was still able to save her, to turn her into a vampire like him. When I first heard about that and understood what it meant, I was sad. I didn't mean to kill her. But she explained that she had wanted to be a vampire anyway. She said that even if I weren't born that Daddy would have changed her. They had made a deal. She would marry him while she was still human and then he would change her into a vampire. She told me that no one had expected that they would get a beautiful baby girl as a result. She said that she would do it exactly the same way again, just to make sure that she would have me. And I made everyone happy when I came along. Auntie Rose and Esme had always been sad that they never had their own babies. And when Momma got back from Isle Esme and was pregnant with me, they helped Momma. Daddy was really scared that I could kill my Momma. They had met someone in Brazil who told them that there were legends about women who got pregnant with vampire babies and died. She said that the babies killed them. And Daddy didn't want Momma to die. He and Carlisle wanted to take me out of Momma because they didn't know that I was just a little baby. They thought that I might be a monster, a killer. But then, while I was still inside of Momma, Daddy began to hear my thoughts. That was when he realized that I wasn't a monster, because I loved my Momma so much. And then he decided that no matter what, he was going to save both my Momma and me. I don't know all the details, because they say that it is still too hard for me to understand, but Momma got hurt one time while Carlisle was away. So Daddy got me out and Auntie Rose took me to take care of me until Momma was better. And then my Jacob kept Momma's heart beating until Daddy could get enough venom in to save her. And he did. When she woke up, she was a beautiful vampire like the rest of them. But I am not a vampire. I am only a half-vampire. At first they were scared because I grew so fast. But then they met another half-vampire from South America. He told us that he grew very, very fast until he was seven. And then he was done. I am almost seven now. I still look younger than Momma and Daddy, but not by much. But the really good news was that half-vampires seem to be immortal like full vampires. Nahuel, the man, was already one hundred and fifty years old. But he still looked like a teenager. So did his three sisters. When we get to Whitehorse, we are going to start over again. Carlisle is going to start practicing medicine at the hospital. Esme is going to spend time renovating and decorating our new house and property. The rest of us are all going to school. That's because the other four look like they are only teenagers too. They were all changed when they when eighteen, nineteen, or twenty. None of us really look alike except for Daddy and me. So the story is that all of us were adopted by Carlisle and Esme. Daddy is my real "brother" and Auntie Rose and Jasper are twins (because they both have blonde hair). Daddy, Momma, and Alice are going to be freshmen in high school; the others are going to be sophomores. I am going to an elementary school where I will be in the seventh grade. Because the others (except Momma) have been through high school a lot, they decided that we would all go through the French immersion school program where all of our classes would be in French. You see Canada has two official languages, English and French. So all Canadian school children learn French. And if French is their native language, they go to French schools and take English. But in areas of the country (most of it) where French is not the native language, students can go to school in French instead of just taking separate French classes. Daddy told me that school could be very boring if you know everything in the books. And since I know everything in the books, when I study the same things again, only in French this time, it will make them more interesting. But he should know all about that. Carlisle says that if we start out at these ages, we will be able to stay here for about five years. Then we will move again and start over somewhere else. That is how we have to live because we never age. We are very unusual in the vampire world because we are a family and stick together. Such vampires never have a home, even for five years. Most other vampires are nomads and either travel as individuals or in covens of two or three. But our coven, or family as we prefer to say, has nine. Our cousins in Denali have six members in their coven, since Tanya finally found a mate after all these years when she met a vampire named Julius. That is the only other family in the vampire world except the Volturi. And they are like us, they only drink the blood of animals, not humans, the Denalis that is, not the Volturi. The Volturi are really scary. They are in charge of keeping the rules of the vampire world. After I was born they thought that we broke the rules because of me and they came to punish us. But it was all a big misunderstanding. Alice and Jasper found Nahuel in South America and he proved to them that I wasn't dangerous. So they left us in peace. That's the reason why so many of us can live together and go out among humans. We are not going to kill so many people