I own nothing. Stephenie Meyer owns everything except this made up fanfic. Rachel parked her old faded green Explorer in the gravelled area next to Sam and Emily's house. Nestled at the edge of the forest it was a tidy little white cottage with a red door. Pretty but generally unremarkable. Turning off the ignition, Rachel leaned over the steering wheel and prayed for strength. The upcoming conversation was overdue, unwelcome and just plain awkward as ass. Paul wasn't happy that she was here to poke a stick at the pack Alpha but he understood that it needed to be done before they all lost Leah. Losing Leah was not going to happen if the LaHotes had anything to say about it. From middle school up until Rachel went to college it had been a gang of six and a half: Sam, Leah, Rachel, Rebecca, Jared, Paul and whatever girl Paul was sticking it to that week. Since the St. Paulie girls rotated pretty regularly across Paul's bed the core group only allowed them to count as half a person. Hey, high school kids are unthinkingly cruel sometimes. Jared and Rebecca were an on and off again couple until the end of junior year. Jared was more on than Rebecca. That summer before senior year changed everything for Rebecca when she discovered surfer dudes and started to hang out with a totally different group. Jared missed Rebecca's friendship and tits but since he was headed to college (and on the best of days Rebecca was the antithesis of a college girl) there wasn't any animosity. Only a very vague feeling that they were growing up and leaving each other behind. Rachel was the group virgin. Her lack of a dating life in high school was self-imposed as she worked her ass off to get good grades and earn a scholarship. Of course Paul the man-whore was going to fuck his way through La Push, then Forks, then Washington State and finally the Pacific Northwest. You couldn't say that the boy didn't aspire to something. Of course he would probably be enrolled in the antibiotic of the month club before reaching the female population on the outskirts of Seattle. Taking a deep breath, Rachel stared at the cottage and thought about Leah and Sam. Two imperfect people who made perfect sense together. Leah's passion for life, her vocal personality and wicked sense of humor were balanced by Sam's quiet strength, his steadiness and his creativity. They were each other's greatest supporters. If Leah had decided to quit high school and study her belly button for the next 5 years then Sam would support her so that she could learn everything there was to know about her fascinating navel. If Sam chose to study medicine and then practice in a third world country then Leah would have made sure that his dream was realized even if that meant that she worked twelve part-time jobs. So long as they were together they were happy. Then came phasing and the crap sandwich that is imprinting about a year after high school. After trying to gain control of his wolf by himself for several weeks so that Leah wouldn't get hurt, Sam had just re-established contact with her after she had gone out of her mind with worry. He came back and Leah accepted his explanation that he freaked out. Why wouldn't she believe him? It was her Sam and he would never lie to her. As a couple they found jobs, Sam in construction and Leah at the local library, while they took classes at the college in Port Angeles. They were saving money to fix up the house that Sam's grandmother left him the year before. It was going to be their house. Leah spent untold hours cleaning, painting and collecting furniture from junk shops. When Sam came back from his wolfy adventure his smile wasn't as easily bestowed but he clung to Leah like never before. She was his anchor. For her part, after asking Sam what happened and being gently told that he couldn't talk about it, she accepted his answer trusting that he would tell her when he could talk about it . Whatever it was. Just as Leah and Sam were getting back to a normal routine all hell broke loose in the form of Emily Young. Leah's cousin Emily from the Makah reservation. Emily who was supposed to be Leah's sister and best friend. Safe, inclined towards domestic pursuits and devoid of any real personality Emily was pretty much everything that Leah wasn't. Leah went cliff diving, can't check that safe box. Leah could (and did) fuck up making Jello (it was actually lumpy), can't check that domestic box. Leah had many faults but being devoid of a personality wasn't one of them. When Sam met Emily she became his "everything", his "gravity", his fucking soul mate. Within two weeks Sam began ignoring Leah, got with Emily, was promptly found rolling around on Seth's bed by Sue who screamed at them to leave her house and to keep their sorry over sexed asses away from her family, scarred Emily when she played at leaving him (because Emily was never going to walk away from Sam voluntarily but it does give such a sickening sugary and sweetly inspiring touch to the epic love of Emily and Sam, don't you think) and brought Emily to live with him in the house that Leah had fixed up and sweated over for months. Sam had a very busy fortnight. Leah moved back with her parents and began to shut down. She barely talked and rarely left her room. Then a about three weeks after the love of her life left her, Leah was told by her father that Sam was going to propose to Emily and Leah phases in her living room. Watching his daughter sprout fur triggered her father's heart attack. Watching his father have a heart attack triggered her brother Seth's transformation into a wolf. Cause and effect on a fucking epic scale. Her dad was taken to the hospital, stabilized, had triple bypass and came home after a few weeks. Moral of the story? Frybread is hell on the heart. Especially if there is a chance that your children will grow up to have a tail. Thinking of frybread made Rachel remember the hot coffee in her travel mug. Rachel would rather go without food for a week than not have coffee for a day. Taking a big swig she holds onto her travel mug for emotional support and starts walking to the front door. She knew that Sam could hear her approaching and was kind of surprised that he hadn't come out to check on her when she didn't come in to the door right away. Rolling her shoulders, she knocked on the door frame. Sam opened the door, stepped aside and ushered her in. Smiling he asked, "What's up Rachel? Em's not here but she'll be back in a couple of hours." Walking into the open kitchen area, Rachel put her coffee on the scarred kitchen table. It always amazed her that Emily kept everything that in the house the way Leah had arranged it. It was like a neon 'fuck you' to Leah every time she had to see her Sam wrapped around her cousin in what should have been Leah's house. No wonder it finally really got to Leah. No wonder she couldn't move on. "Sam. I need to talk to you. It's about imprinting." Continuing to smile, Sam said, "Well like I said, Em should be back in a couple of hours. This is her volunteer day at that the Tribal welcome center. I'm sure your questions are better put to another woman in your position." "Please listen and get off the Alpha train. I didn't say that I have questions, I said that I needed to talk to you. I know that things have been weird between us since Paul and I got together but I want to clear the air and I think that I have some information that may be helpful to the other wolves." Sitting down at the table while giving me a fucking paternal frown, Sam groused, "Still as bossy as ever. How does Paul stand it . . . " Deciding that Sam probably couldn't have picked a better jumping off point if he had a fucking road map, Rachel sat down and started talking while looking Sam in the eye. "Paul stands it because he loves me. And not because I'm his imprint." Sam's exhale of breathe sounded like a cannon in the still room. Rachel watched his face to see the progression from surprise to irritation. It took less than a second. Fucking magical imprinting. "What the hell are you talking about! Of course he imprinted on you, we've all seen it." Looking smugly at his old friend, Sam leaned back in the chair and crossed his arms. She noticed that he was clenching his fists. "No Sam. Everyone assumed that I was his imprint and we didn't correct them." "I would have noticed! Paul never thinks of you as anything but his imprint. His love for you is so strong and all-consuming that it could only be an imprint!" "Think back Sam. To the night I came back home from school for the break. I came home a day early and no one was at my house. After waiting around for a few hours I walked town to the beach. Along the way I met up with your cousin Ellen and joined her friends at the other end of the beach. After awhile I began walking towards the bonfire and recognized Old Quil, dad, and Sue. You and your big ass wolves were unrecognizable from the spindly unhot adolescent boys I left behind. I called out to dad and Paul turned towards me looking stunned. I like to tell him that my naturally awe-inspiring sexiness was so overwhelming that I cured his chronic man-whore syndrome with a smile." Rachel smirked remembering Paul's first look at her in almost two years. "You're lying! You're an imprint! How can you deny it?" Sam began to tremble. "Sam, I can't deny what never was. Calm down and I'll tell you everything." Once Sam nodded he head, Rachel continued, "Paul's reaction to me was physically extreme and just a tiny bit noticeable. Subtle he isn't. For fuck's sake, even Little Miss Unaware of Anything But Herself Bella Swan saw Paul's reaction to me." After taking a sip of coffee, she continued quietly, "He started shaking and you clapped him on the back and congratulated him. I had no idea why but I did hear Embry tell Quil that 'another one bites the dust'. Paul practically carried me out of there as soon as I let dad and Jake know that I was home. I'm pretty sure that everyone saw my confusion. It's not like my jaw wasn't dragging on the sand as Paul dragged me away. I saw that my father and Old Quil had shit eating grins. Anyway, we walked up to the cliffs and talked for hours. Come to find out that Paul had been in love with me for years. Once I left for college he figured that he had nothing to lose by telling me if he ever saw me again. After sobbing for about 10 minutes I was able to get out that I had been in love with him since junior year." Pausing, Rachel pulled a napkin from the holder in the middle of the table and began shredding it. Nervous energy is a terrible thing to waste. The look of confusion on Sam's face would have been hysterical if so much wasn't riding on the outcome of this conversation. Putting her hand lightly on Sam's arm, Rachel continued. "Neither one of us had ever discussed our feelings with each other or anyone