Disclaimer: I do not own anything related to LOTR, all thoughts, ideas and story line belong to me as well as the charachters Endarine and Sulei'alueo. Basics behind storyline cerdited to the movie 'Lady Hawk'. A/N: This story is co-written by Arienwen authour of 'Elven Journey'. HAWK'S FLIGHT Prologue DESCRIPTION-Endarine is a Sea Elf who dwells in the Grey Havens. She was granted at birth special talents by the Valar, though she has yet to find much use of them, or know their full extent. Through the power of foresight, she has come to see that she will be needed in the quest of the ring, and sets out, heading to Rivendell for the Council of Elrond. The wind flew through her hair as her mount, Sulei'alueo , rode the steep hills of the Imladrian valley. The long blonde tendrils whipped into her face as she rounded a tight corner. They had been carefully tied back, but after many hours on the dusty road from her home to Lord Elrond's realm, they had come undone and she hadn't bothered to retie them. She heard a shout behind her and turned to see her two riding companions. They followed her at the same rapid pace. Their fair-hair glinted in the sunlight. They were smiling as they recognized the woods around them They were getting close. The canopy above her opened up slightly, and soon she and her riding company pounded onto a well-worn path. She saw the large archway that led into the main courtyard and she slowed Sulei'alueo. The noise must have been great, for she didn't hear the approaching hoofbeats coming the opposite way. Just as she was nearing the archway, another cluster of riders burst through the foliage, three more blonde elves on grey speckled white horses, clad in heavy tan riding cloaks. The one in the lead must have looked up at the same time as she, for both riders hauled on their mounts reigns as hard as they could. Both horses slowed, their hooves digging furrows into the dirt path. They weren't slowing in time; the two leading riders were going to collide. At last moment, both horses reared, throwing dust into the air. They spun in opposite directions, pirouetting on their hind legs, coming to complete stop mere inches from one another. Both mounts were breathing hard, covered in lather from their ride, their eyes wide in the sudden fear that the heavy tug on their straps had caused. The dust began to settle. As the air cleared, Endarine looked through the dirt-specked air at the other being she'd nearly shared a collision with. He was turned round on his mount, making sure that his companions were well and checking his horse for injury. With those attended to, he turned back and looked at her with robins-egg blue eyes. They were full of concern, both for his companions and for those he'd nearly struck. He looked ready to talk, so Endarine kept her silence, letting him speak the first words. "Lle quell, aminarwen are you well, my lady?" he questioned in elvish, worry showing on his pale features, as well as interest as he caught sight of her fair skin, light, ice-blue eyes, and long disheveled yet beautiful strands. She smiled at his query. She replied " Very well, my lord. It was a very close call don't you think?" His face went from one of worry to one of delight. They were fine. " Amin hiraetha I apologize." " Worry not, sir. No harm was done. May I ask you name?" He smiled, then slightly dipped his head in respect, " I am Legolas, my lady, son of Thranduil, king of………" " Mirkwood." Endarine finished for him. " I have heard of you. Prince Legolas Greenleaf of Mirkwood, formerly Greenwood. We have met before." He got a slightly confused look. " From where, my lady? For I believe I would had remembered you." " At the Solstice celebrations of spring. Your father invited me. " " I attended it, my lady, but I do not remember anyone of your resemblance being present." Endarine grinned. " You are remembering that of last year, young Legolas. I am speaking of one from years long past." " How many years, might I ask, my lady?" " You were quite a bit shorter, young one. You mayhaps reached my knees." His smile quickly faded, his jaw dropping and eyes widening in a look of surprise as his memory kicked in. " Lady Endarine!!! I remember you now, though barely. Is't been a long time since you've visited my woods." " We at the Grey Havens have been busy. After all, we are the shipbuilders for those who journey to Valinor." " What brings you to Rivendell then, my lady?" " The Council of Elrond, young one. Foresight has many used. What, praise the Valar, has brought you to Lord Elrond's house?" He gestured towards her. " The same. A messenger was sent to my father, and he sent me alongside the other envoys." " All's well, then. Are your companions in good health?" " Yes, my lady. Only a moment of fright." " Then let us continue inside. It would do no good to be late to sup. The others have already arrived." He gestured towards her once more, " After you, my lady." He pulled on his horse's reigns, as did his two companions. Their mounts backed up, giving Endarine and her emissaries room to maneuver inside. Dipping her head in deference, Endarine kicked her steed's flanks and hurried the stallion inside, followed by the rest of the group. She halted the stallion at the foot of a set of steps. She swung off, throwing one leg over to land. She glanced back over at the inner side of the archway. Legolas had entered behind her two companions. He halted his own grey speckled stallion and swung down, looking about him in wonder. She wondered when he had last visited. Obviously more than her, as this was only her second time in the secluded realm. Standing at the top of the flight of stairs was Elrond. He smiled grimly at the assemblage that had just arrived. They took notice of him and made their way to the foot of the steps. All of the ambassadorial group placed a hand on their heart and bowed their heads. " Creoso, mellonea welcome, friends." He said, spreading his arms and gesturing to them to step closer. Everyone slowly made their way to the top of the flight. " Lle raktie e'luume' You have arrived in time." he turned and strode into the open doorway into the top of the hall. " Lemb'lle nat'ie. Amin tuarea tat nee a'sen leave your things. My servants will see to them." Taking one last look back to see that WITW was there, Endarine followed demurely behind the great elven lord. He went into an alcovic hallway, long and full of tall, open windows. Stopping at a carved wooden door, he turned to face them once again. " The council is tomorrow. Until then, may these chambers serve you to whatever purpose you see fit. There will be a communal dinner tonight in the main hall. Many of the other guests will be there. You may also get a chance to see your possible journey companions. They are halflings, from a land known as the Shire. They have brought a great evil with them that must be destroyed." One of the companions broke out of the group, claiming the room as his own. Elrond continued leading them down the hallway. Legolas and Endarine, being the last two, received two rooms side by side. They bid Elrond goodnight, then went into their adjoining chambers. An hour or so later, when the sun was just beginning to touch the western horizon, Endarine, lounging on mallorn divan, heard a knock at her door. When answered, standing outside was one of Elrond's personal servants, carrying a thickly woven towel and a small wooden box.. he held the items up. " Elronduilon, heru en'Imladris, now-lle ve'a'poik' de n'ala kaima ri'tul' a'i'undome matea Elrond, lord of Rivendell, thought you might like to clean before sleeping or attending the evening meal." Endarine nodded, grinning. Finally!!! To have all the travel grime finally washed away!!!! Although, if she journeyed long after this, being clean now would not make much of a difference. She opened the door wider and took the washing effects from the servant's hands. " Diolla lle sai'sie thank you very much." He nodded, and then gestured to the hallway. Endarine heard slight footsteps, and the slight swishing sound of water. Moments later, another servant came into her room bearing a large wooden basin filled with steaming water. He carried into the washroom and filled the large stone tub. He came back several times, until the tub was just over three quarters full. He bowed his head and left with the first elf, closing the door behind him. Endarine quickly locked the door and stripped off the travel stained riding clothes she'd been dressed in. she folded them carefully and set them on a small table. They could be washed later. She took out her leather hair tie, releasing what hair had been left in the traveling horsetail. Her blonde hair streamed out behind her, wavy, reaching to just past her hips. She took out of her pack, which had been delivered a few minutes before the bathing things, a stiff brush. She ran it through the hair, taking out the remarkably few tangles that had been knotted in the hard ride. She picked up the towel and wooden box, which upon opening she discovered held a pale blue bar of soap. A quick sniff told her that it had been made with lavender and rose, two of her many favorite scents. She walked into the bathing room, closing the door behind her. She also found beside the deep stone basin a set of candles. She lit one from the small fireplace that was in the washroom. Placing it on a ledge beside the tub, she slid into the still steaming hot water. Working meticulously, she scrubbed away every bit of dirt and dust from her skin and hair. When she was through, she pulled out the stopper, letting the now dirty water flow away. Wrapping the towel around her, she sat on a small cushioned divan by a mirror, again brushing through her hair. When she was dry, she went into the main room, dressed in a simple evening gown of a deep shade of blue, hemmed in silvery embroidering. Sitting in another chair by the main fireplace, she brushed through the still damp strands until they were dry. About a quarter of an hour later, her hair was completely dry, and wavy with renewed cleanliness. Looking around the room, she spotted a small dresser, obviously for the sheltering of small keepsakes and other jewelry. Looking through it, she pulled out a simple headdress, crafted of silver and made to look like interweaving vines. She had one with her, but it was for more important celebrations, not the simple dinner she was attending. Hers would be far too ornate to wear to something so small. Checking herself in the mirror above a chest of drawers, Endarine made her way to the door. Opening it wide, she stepped outside, closing the door behind her. She took a few steps towards the carved stone railing of the hall and, leaning on it slightly, gazed west, where the sky was a bright splash of deeply hued colours. The horizon was beautiful, it's assortment of colours dappled through the trunks and leaves of the trees. A sound creaked behind her. She quickly stood and turned; only to see the young elf she had met earlier emerging from his quarters. From the looks of him, he had clearly washed as well; his hair still had