Chapter One Slytherin House was a place known by its stories. By the myths and rumours that had been told of it for generations. It was a known as a place of dark places that bred dark people who did dark things, the house with a history as murky as the Black Lake, as deep and winding as the Forbidden Forest. The truth, of course, was much different. Most of all, Slytherin House was a place of freedom. One might be surprised by that, but after five years there that's the only way Albus Potter would have described it. It was a place where you could escape the labels that everyone else would try and put on you, where you chose exactly who and what you wanted to be, even if that was a loner or a recluse. It was a house of rich kids, of course, everyone knew that. Students came from the most wealthy and powerful families in the Wizarding World, and many had a long history attached to their surnames. Avery. Flint. Malfoy. They were names that had been spoken on countless tongues through history, in the major events and disasters and battles. But in Slytherin, one's name didn't mean anything. Perhaps because everyone had to deal with the history of their own name, no one had it used against them. At least, not by their housemates. It was surprising, but even the son of Harry Potter was grateful for this trait. Albus had never been an outgoing child. That was the place of his siblings, to be loud and funny and stupid, always the centre of attention. Albus personally hated being stared at, and much preferred to be quietly observing from the sidelines, or even better out of the crowd entirely. His cousin Rose had always been known as "the clever cousin", and she did have the annoying character trait of being able to absorb knowledge with apparently zero effort, but it was Albus who'd inherited his Aunt Hermione's love of reading. He vied with Rose for places at the top of the class simply because he loved to read. 'You nerd.' Albus looked up from his book, which he had open beside his dinner plate, to see Scorpius Malfoy sitting down opposite him. With a small smile, he begrudgingly shut the book and made to put it back in his bag, but his friend snatched it up before he could, flipping it around to read the title. ' Conjuring and Controlling Light: The Finer Filaments in Charmwork . Merlin, that sounds dull,' he said, handing it back. 'It's not,' said Albus firmly, putting the book away in his schoolbag. 'Anyway, complicated spells to do with light form one of the main aspects of our Charms NEWT.' 'And therefore we'll learn about it anyway, so what's the point in spending your time reading up on it? You'll just have to hear the same stuff all over again from Professor Chang,' said Scorpius, rolling his eyes. 'Pointless.' 'You're such a jock.' 'You're such a nerd.' 'You've already used that one.' The two of them grinned at each other. Scorpius had grown more over the summer, and his face and body had filled out slightly too; Albus envied him for losing the gangly, lanky build that he still had. Scorpius was a Chaser on the Slytherin Quidditch team, and so had much more muscle than Albus, who was still skinny. His hair was longer, too; he combed it sleekly back but for a few strands that fell over his forehead, and the ends reached the nape of his neck. Albus wondered if he'd grow it long enough for a ponytail - it was the growing trend in Slytherin. His own hair was a tangled mess that would probably never consign to be forced into anything so constricting as a hairband. 'So I'm guessing the new Head Boy and Girl kept you busy on the train?' said Albus. It was the start of the school year, and usually the two of them sat together on the Hogwarts Express, but this year Scorpius hadn't come back from the Prefect meeting. Scorpius sighed, running a hand through his hair. 'No, not the Head Boy or Girl. Or at least, not them directly,' he said. 'Oh?' Albus raised an eyebrow. 'So what kept you? Was it Jessica White again?' Jessica White was a very pretty Ravenclaw girl who Scorpius had dated briefly at the end of last year. 'It was your cousin,' said Scorpius. Albus laughed. 'By cousin, you don't mean Rose do you? You two can barely stand to speak five words at a time to each other, let alone spend an entire train journey from London to Scotland together. And I'm not including your arguments in that, nor your duels. So what happened?' 'Carter Jenson and Kitty Cartwright, as new Head Boy and Girl, have decided that Prefects from different houses should be paired up together for the year. The duties will be done in the pairs, to make it more efficient and to "promote inter-house contact".' 'And let me guess - you got Rose?' said Albus. Scorpius nodded, and Albus burst out laughing again. 'I'm surprised you even made it off the train in a fully sentient form, I'd've thought she would have turned you into a wreck by now.' Scorpius glared at him. 'Have a little less respect for me, please? But there was arguing. A lot of arguing. The two of us not only have to patrol the lower floors on Tuesday and Thursday nights, but also be "Academic Helpers" for the Third Years. Together. Honestly, it's a nightmare.' ' You're an Academic Helper?' said Albus incredulously. Scorpius had never put an ounce more effort into his schoolwork than he absolutely had to in order to get good enough grades. Scorpius shrugged. 'I'll probably just stick to doing their sports lessons and maybe some Potions tutoring, and let your cousin get the rest.' 'Oh she'll love you for that,' said Albus. 'She'd better - I'll be taking all those sessions out in the wind and rain watching a bunch of spotty, bratty thirteen-year-olds run around the Quidditch pitch off her hands.' They had to stop talking after that, as the doors to the Great Hall had just opened again, and the Deputy Head, Professor Longbottom, was leading a long crocodile of First Years down the gap between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables. They stopped at the end opposite the old Sorting Hat; filthy, patched, and oddly charred around the brim. After a short pause in which the remaining whispers in the Great Hall died down to silence, a rip like a mouth opened near the brim, and the Sorting Hat began to sing: 'For a thousand years or more I've sat, Consigned to sort this student from that…' Albus leant down, reached into his schoolbag, and pulled out his book again. He had attended five Sortings already, including his own, and he was pretty sure he knew the score. The hat sung some stupid song about the school's history and the houses, and a bunch of midgets got sorted out according to their personality. He turned to chapter six - " Luminescence - Control & Subtlety" . After the feast Scorpius had to help chaperone the new First Years down to the dungeons, although many of the new Slytherins did not look as if they needed an ounce of help. Albus figured that most came from the same old families and probably already knew all about Hogwarts and Slytherin House. He walked past the gaggle of eleven-year-olds and headed down to the dungeons alone. The layout of Slytherin House was a closely kept secret amongst the students. The other houses had a vague idea that the Common Room was larger than theirs, with a certain grandeur to the decor, but in reality Slytherin House went far beyond a grand Common Room. It spread out through the dungeons like a great, sprawling mansion, with conservatories, study rooms, miniature libraries and even a spa room with a swimming pool and hot tub. Slytherin students were thought of as reclusive; it was really that there was little outside of the house that could entertain them. The dormitories were spread out through the house, in little clusters of five or six that were grouped by year. Albus' dorm was in a cluster just above their library; one went through a door into a maze of nooks and little rooms of bookcases, connected by low arches, or up a narrow spiral staircase to a larger landing with five doors and for some unknown reason a stone statue of a rearing dragon in the centre. He paused at the door, his eyes glancing over the five plaques nailed to the dark wood: S. Langwith, J. E. Fitzroy, L. Zabini, S. Malfoy, and right at the bottom, A. Potter. His hand rested on the heavy silver doorknob. 'Something got you stuck, Potter?' He turned around as if shocked. A girl had appeared on the landing behind him. She was tall and slender, with thick chestnut curls and a spray of freckles across her nose. This was Adelaide Gray. Albus felt himself go red, and hated himself for it. He'd always struggled when faced with Adelaide. She was beautiful and popular, and whenever he spoke to her his social awkwardness always seemed to increase tenfold. 'Oh - hi, Adelaide, good summer? I was just … just thinking,' he said hurriedly, wincing inwardly as he did. She smiled. 'Well, a Knut for them.' He watched as she turned and entered her own dormitory, the door snapping shut behind her. Through the years Adelaide had alternately been the subject of admiration, gossip, and scandal, as was to be expected from a popular Slytherin wild child. But before any of that, before Adelaide had even finished her first feast at Hogwarts, whispers had spread about her due to one thing: Adelaide Gray was the first Slytherin in recorded history to be born to Muggles. After a moment's pause, Albus quickly turned and entered his own dormitory. Scorpius still seemed to be preoccupied with the First Years, but the other three boys were spread out across the room. The dormitory was large, although with five teenage boys inside it often didn't feel that way. There were five four-poster beds hung with green velvet embroidered in silver, each with its own wardrobe, shelves, and bedside table, and at the end of the room was a fireplace with an armchair and small sofa. They had their own bathroom, a rather chilly room with a copper bathtub and taps in the shape of rearing snakes. Fitzroy was stood in the middle of the room, evidently in the middle of some anecdote about his summer escapades. 'And then, we just had to jump in the sea!' he said, and he and Langwith burst out laughing. Turning on a heel, Fitzroy grinned at Albus. 'Potter! How was the summer?' 'Adequate.' 'Mine was excellent.' Albus didn't manage to return the smile. Fitzroy was one of those individuals who for some unknown reason had been entirely blessed in just about every way. He was a singularly beautiful boy, fit and slender, with a head of golden-brown curls that had half the girls in the school in love with him, and a smile that caught the other half. It was a smile for poetry; quick to appear, his almost plump, pink lips would part, revealing perfectly even white teeth and creating dimples in his lightly tanned cheeks. His family was rich enough to rival any other in Slytherin, and to top it all off, he was the Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch team. Yet as much as Albus wanted to hate him, he struggled to. 'Potter, there's a bash being thrown tonight, the usual one to celebrate the start of the year. You know - the children are packed off, the alcohol is brought out, things go