The Devil's Playground was the most exclusive nightclub in London, if not all of Europe. So, frankly, Harry wasn't entirely sure how he came to be bathed in its flawlessly concocted ambiance, with music pounding in his ears and an entirely delicious drink cold against his palm. But it had something to do with the deaths. The invitation had simply turned up one day. Handwritten, on card that would make the finest wedding invitations look cheap. It smelled of something indefinably enticing. Harry wasn't normally one for clubbing, much preferring pub crawls where he could hear himself think and enjoy a few reasonably priced pints and good conversation. Even he had to admit, however, that this was bloody impressive. He carefully weaved his way through the crowd, wishing that he had Ron or Hermione here. Any familiar company would do. He sat down at one of the sofas in the lounge area, and took a nervous sip, scanning the room for his … client. The whole place practically breathed intimacy, with discreet dark corners that somehow seemed more private than sordid as they might do elsewhere. There was a heady sort of aroma in the air, just like the scent on the envelope. He was sat there for five minutes, before a woman approached him. Tumbling dark hair, scarlet lips, and bold gleaming eyes like some great cat. "Come with me. He will see you in the VIP room," the woman murmured. His legs still felt a little jellied, but he got up calmly enough. The music was muffled in the VIP room, and he couldn't help but be aware of the envious eyes tracking his movements as he stepped in. It took him a moment to see the man, but when he did, he failed in not staring. His insides swooped. "You …" His voice went hoarse. "Hello, Harry. It's a pleasure to see you again, even under such unfortunate circumstances." It started maybe half a year ago, with too many drinks on his 21st birthday. "You sent the invitation?" It ended with sharp, sweet kisses dotting his throat, with his heart feeling like it was going to burst out of his chest, and a voice like honey caressing his senses. Well, it was supposed to end there. With him lying there feeling like he could die from pleasure. Since then, the dreams lingered. Snatches of a sensuous mouth, of dark eyes in the night that seemed to flash a peculiar scarlet at certain angles, of a face classically handsome in a way that would make even angels weep. It had always made a decent sort of anecdote, when such things came up. All he'd ever got was a name – 'Riddle'. It had seemed fitting at the time, and even more so now to come face to face with the man here, of all places and scenarios. "Were you expecting someone else?" The bastard had the audacity to seem amused, and rose slowly. "Let me get you a drink before we start." "Start?" Harry absolutely did not squeak. Did not imagine all the things they could start, all the hazed promises whispered huskily in his ear. Riddle looked far too knowing, even as he raised a cool brow. "You are a private investigator, yes? You contacted my secretary regarding recent disappearances?" Right. "Right. Yes – yes I am, uh, sir. And I did." "Sir," Riddle repeated, with a hum. He definitely seemed amused now, practically purring the honorific out. Harry nearly gritted his teeth, cleared his throat and sat down for a more professional front. "You're rather young for a private investigator," Riddle continued. "You're rather young to be Lord Voldemort." Over the course of the last several weeks, he'd had numerous clients approach him in regard to a series of disappearances, and even deaths, occurring throughout the London area, many being linked to night clubs, highbrow and less so. The Orchid Lounge. Wonderland. Temptation. The Siren's Kiss. It hadn't taken Harry long to figure out the potential link between these popular clubs, were that they were all owned by Lord Voldemort Corporations. He had to admit that he'd never expected to have slept with the man though. That was a curve ball. "I'm older than I look, I assure you." A small smile flittered briefly over the other's lips, distracting Harry's attention. He wanted to kick himself. He was a professional, damn it. Then the smile vanished, as the man leaned back, taking a sip of his drink – eyes fixed on him. "So, how exactly is it that I can help your investigation, Harry?" His insides swooped all over again with the way his name fell from Riddle's mouth. Was that normal? "Have you been alerted to anything suspicious?" Harry leaned forward. "Or does anyone perhaps have a vendetta against you or your company, which would cause them to target your businesses?" "It's possible," Riddle waved a hand. "It's a competitive industry. I have many rivals who would be more than happy to see me fall to ruin. I can provide you with a list, if that would help. You have my full co-operation, providing I have your full discretion. I'd rather not lose customers." "People are dying." Riddle raised his brows. "And you have my full co-operation. I can give you a tour now, if you think you'll find evidence. Or…" the man rose smoothly, taking a few slow steps towards him, "I can have some more drinks brought in, and you could make your night more worthwhile." Harry's mouth ran dry. His head tilted back, as Riddle's arms braced on the back of the sofa either side of him. "I'd hope you're not trying to distract me, Mr Riddle." "Would you like the full tour then?" Riddle replied, gaze dipping over his mouth. Harry half wanted to accuse the man for never telling him that he was Voldemort, but given the circumstances of their meeting such a comment was ridiculous. Even if they hadn't been rather … preoccupied, it wasn't the type of conversation that necessarily came up. It hadn't been a matter of evasion, he was sure. And what would he have done, if he knew, anyway? Not done it because his one night stand happened to be one of the richest and most powerful men in London? … well, when it was put that way… "I'll take the tour. If there truly is no evidence and you haven't seen anything, then it won't take too long, will it?" Harry dared, staring back. Their gazes locked for a moment, before Riddle straightened just as gracefully, leaving the space of air cold around him. "As you wish." Harry was actually a professional. He insisted that to himself as, just over an hour later, he found himself thrown against the wall of the VIP room, with Riddle closing the gap between them. Lips claimed his, hands tightening around his wrists and pinning them above his head. The want had been growing inside him from the second he stepped into Riddle's proximity. Searing, startling, blood-rushing want that hovered on the edges of his bones even as he carefully had a discussion with the bartender over the possibility of spiked drinks. "So, uh, how old are you actually?" he couldn't help asking between breaths. Riddle laughed, nipping at his lips. "How old do I look?" the bastard teased him, eyes gleaming. It was dizzying, those kisses, and a hand slipped just as quickly beneath his shirt, gliding over heated skin. Riddle was cool to the touch, but seemed to be growing warmer every second. Harry had forgotten that; the chill of him. Hips ground against his, and the question of age disappeared to irrelevance. Riddle obviously couldn't be that ancient. He looked to be about Harry's age! He kissed back, fiercely, before Riddle's mouth trailed to his neck, latching on and sucking. Harry suspected it would be marked a blooming purple in the morning. "You're lovely," Riddle murmured, pausing in his ministrations as Harry's head tipped back once more with a soft gasp. "I could just eat you up, Harry." Breath puffed along his throat, nose trailing along the line of his jugular. Harry laughed again, feeling giddy. "We're in the middle of a murder investigation!" "All the more reason to appreciate the finer details of life." Cooler air hit his flushed skin as his torso was deftly bared, Riddle seeming to find all the most sensitive spots even faster than he had last time as his mouth dipped once more. Harry shivered, reaching out for the expensive suit in turn. What did a double one night stand even mean or become? A moan slipped breathless out of his mouth, his trousers straining. Normally, it was in his nature to be dominant, and certainly to reciprocate the pleasure in some manner. Riddle made it so easy to get swept away and tangled up in lust, to the extent that doing anything but taking it required more effort than it should. Like he could quiver and crumble more easily. He pushed forwards, until Riddle's knees hit the sofa from earlier, making him sit as Harry straddled his lap. At some point, he'd lost his trousers too. Riddle still seemed far more dressed and less disheveled in comparison, though the red swell of his lips seemed obscene with the force and press of kisses. Had this happened, last time, too? It was a little blurry, admittedly. But he was far more sober this time. "My turn," he said, pressing his hand to Riddle's mouth as the man leaned forward to kiss him again. The other's eyes flickered briefly with surprise, even darker than before with hunger. A hand curved around his back, pulling him closer on Riddle with a hand slipping to his arse. He groaned as the friction surged through him at the roll of Riddle's hips, and the man took the opportunity to press two fingers into his mouth. "There's a good boy," Riddle breathed, fingers rubbing against his tongue. Harry nipped at the fingers in response, receiving a snort. "Feisty as ever, aren't you?" Harry hummed, eyes gleaming wickedly as he moved his head carefully, tongue lathing, immediately seeing Riddle's pupils dilate to an impossible amount. He took the opportunity to find a new occupation for his mouth, ravaging the man's throat and counting it a success to get him the rest of the way out of his clothes, groaning with desire. He paused at the lust-filled but undeniably considering look he found he was on the receiving end of. "What?" "It's nothing." A truly sinful smirk crossed the man's face. "I'm just thinking about what I'm going to do with you. What do you think?" Harry coloured. "I'm sure you'll think of something." He claimed Riddle's lips for his own, feeling the laughter rumble all the way through him, as the music throbbed outside the door. He ended up riding the man, teasing him with shallow thrusts, with his fingers gripping Riddle's sides tightly to hold him still. The other's skin felt searingly hot against him now. The world was spinning, as fingers clenched in his hair. Praises offered in his ear. When he came to himself again, he was a mess of sensation, suddenly cold. He felt blissed out to the point of shakiness from his climax, head pressed into Riddle's neck where it had sagged, as fingers stroked through his hair still, soothingly. "Deep breaths," Riddle crooned, hips thrusting up again apparently just to see Harry squirm and gasp with helplessly oversensitization. Harry was trying to remember at which point he'd stopped being the one in control of the situation. But he felt exhausted, too exhausted to even lift himself up. Riddle looked positively radiant. His vision hazed, before righting itself a little as a softer kiss was pressed to his lips, his chin captured between Riddle's forefinger and thumb. "That's it, just sleep it off." That smile crossed the man's lips again.