Title: One Last Ride Author: catty-the-spy Pairing(s): Katniss/Peeta, mentioned OC/OC, mostly gen Warnings: canon typical violence, vague allusions to child abuse, character death, pregnancy, au Notes: In the same AU as and takes place during Victor. First posted on LJ/DW and AO3 Don is big. Muscled. Katniss wasn't expecting anyone to volunteer, but when she sees him standing on the platform she isn't really surprised he'd do it. When he and the girl, Janna, shake hands, Katniss can see a history there. They know each other. On the train, he and Janna are all smiles and nudges, friends. "We volunteered so no kid would have to get reaped," he says. "Me and Janna-" "Janna and I," Effie corrects from the other side of the car. "Me and Janna," Don says, like he hadn't been interrupted, "we were little when you were reaped, and it was…" he whistled. "It was wild. Anyway, next year, Markis happened, and I thought, some of the other districts have careers. They volunteer, and no little kid has to get hurt. So we thought…" " He thought," Janna corrects, "that maybe someone should train up just in case. Take the fall so no one else has to. He mentioned it to me, and we got together." This kind of altruism isn't common in District Twelve. Katniss can't help but eye them with suspicion, unable to forget the careers in her own games. Peeta smiles at them though, all compassion and kindness when Janna says "I have a little sister, too." "If it works, we can find some other kids who are interested. No one who's in it for kicks; just someone who'll step up if an under sixteen get's reaped." "Why under sixteen?" Katniss asks, trying to keep hostility out of her voice. Don shrugs. "You make it that far? You're pretty much an adult." Don is fit and even a bit bulky. It's clear he profited from District Twelve's current success. Katniss can't fault him for that. District Twelve toes the line and the food comes rolling in. Katniss can see the point of it, even if just the thought makes her sick. Janna is all slim lines and soft curves, but she's well defined. She's pretty, but not a bombshell. A little help from her stylists, and the capitol will fall in love with her. Janna is smaller than Don. Katniss tilts her head to the side, thinks maybe they can work them as a team. A brother sister thing, or maybe a couple. They can definitely work the friend angle. It's too early to work out a gimmick. Katniss gets herself a drink and brings Peeta one too, slides her arm across his shoulders as she sits back down. Katniss takes a larger swallow than is really polite and gives them a pointed look. "What can you do?" The Capitol hasn't changed a bit since Katniss last saw it. Too bright, too loud, too much. Katniss hooks Peeta's arm in hers, feels her head rise higher without even really thinking about it. She hates the person she is here. She doesn't know if she'll stop. The collar on her shirt feels like it's choking her. She resists the urge to tug on her vest, and she and Peeta start walking at the same time. She needs to see what Cinna will do to Don and Janna, needs to watch them talk a little more before she and Peeta can work together on an image for them. Don and Janna look overwhelmed. Good. The crowds can soak in their wide eyes and clasped hands for now. They can tell some of the truth during their interviews, about how they didn't want any little kids in the arena. It'll sound good to sponsors; that's always been part of Twelve's backwoods charm. She doesn't realize she's frowning until Peeta tugs gently on her arm. "What is it?" he whispers, lips brushing against her ear. To any observer, it will look like he just said something romantic. Katniss plays along, leaning into him. "Just trying to figure out our plan. I need to see the other tributes in training." "It'll happen," he says, and kisses her cheek. He doesn't tell her not to worry. Instead, he smiles at her. "We'll figure it out." She makes herself smile back at him. While the tributes are being prepped, they'll mingle with other victors, a brief interlude before deals begin. Katniss considers getting drunk like so many of the others do, but she knows she can't. She doesn't want to deal with the tributes hung-over. Maybe, when this year's tributes are dead, she can let herself indulge. It might even help them next year, might keep her relevant to sponsors. The girl on fire running wild in the city. She shakes the idea out of her head. "We'll be okay," says Peeta. "Let's go," she says, Capitol accent coloring her voice. "We don't want to keep anyone waiting." Days later, when Katniss is dreaming of growing out her body hair and thinking of allying with Districts Three and Eleven, Peeta comes to her with Janna in tow. Janna's looking everywhere but at her – the floors, the walls. Katniss knows the back of Peeta's head isn't that interesting. It's late. Janna should be sleeping, not hovering in Peeta's shadow, pale and unsure. Her dark hair is tangled in front of her face; she'll regret that when the prep team gets to her again. "There's something Janna has to say." Peeta pushes the girl forward, reassuring hand on the small of her back. Katniss can feel her heart sinking. Janna fidgets. It's out of character for her. "What is it?" Katniss snaps. She just wants to go to bed and wash the make up from her face. Janna curls in on herself. "I'm pregnant." "You're what ?" "Pregnant." "Since when? Why on earth did you volunteer?" "She wasn't sure until today," Peeta says, ever the mediator. Katniss hates how calm he is about it, that gentle disappointed face. "She came straight to me when she found out." "I'm sorry," Janna says, while Katniss swears. She's found her nerve again, now that the worst part is over. Perhaps she was afraid of Katniss hitting her. "I don't like it either. I thought maybe one of you would know what to do." She runs her hands through her hair, tangling it further, and scowls. "I shouldn't have let him talk me into it, but it's too late to complain about it. It's…" "Don's," Katniss says, thinking quickly. Janna frowns. "What? No, it's not his, it's-" "Don's," Katniss says firmly. "Find a way to bring it up during your interview; if you can't, mention it in the arena." It's stupid, a pregnant teenager in the arena. None of them have any idea how far along she might be. Katniss knows she's grinding her teeth through the entire conversation. It there was any safe way to take care of it Katniss would make sure Janna went through with it, but there wasn't, so they'd have to make do. Don and Janna stick together when they train. Katniss made sure from day one that they spent plenty of time at the edible plants station, and now she was especially glad she had. Nothing about their training changes. Maybe Janna will take a bad hit and their problem would be dealt with before she entered the arena, but Katniss doesn't get her hopes up. She lets Peeta coach them for their interviews. Janna goes on stage sparkling. Her skin is dark already, but the black dress has enough jewels to blind, and there are gems around her eyes. Caesar asks about her family, and she talks about her sisters and her cousins. She talks about being close to Don. Earlier, she'd told Katniss, "Don and I always knew how it'd go. We'd stick together until the end, and then…" she shrugged. "We'd fight it out. The two of us at odds after everything? It'd make a great show. And in the end, one of us will kill the other, and we'll be okay. As long as it's us, it's okay." In front of the audience, she rests a hand on her stomach. "Don and I will stick together for as long as we can, for the baby's sake." The reaction is everything Katniss hoped it would be. Don rolls with it without a hitch, reframing their friendship in romantic terms. "When it comes to Janna and I? I'd gladly kill myself for her." It isn't even a lie. Katniss tries not to long for any outcome, but if the game makers don't sabotage them, Don and Janna might have a chance. In the fight at the cornucopia, Janna slices a boy's head clean off while Don grabs two bags. When Janna downs another tribute without flinching, two weapons in hand, Katniss can't help but feel hope bloom in her chest. The two reaped are thirteen and fifteen. Janna doesn't hesitate, and neither does Don. They'd talked about this a lot, the odds of them going into the arena together. She shakes hands with him in front of the entire district and smiles, both excited and scared. "Here we go." All of her siblings come to visit her before she goes. She hugs them all, accepts the hair clip that her mother brings her as a token, reassures them all. When their time is up, she grabs her youngest sister and leans down to whisper in her ear. "Keep practicing. Tell Jake and Em." Jake and Em are two other kids who'd expressed interest in her and Don's plan. Janna had been training them, just in case she and Don aged out before they were needed. Nothing to worry about now; the three of these kids – Jake, Em, and Krissy – will have another year to prepare. Her boyfriend sees her next. Ex-boyfriend. Even though she's still mad at him she doesn't avoid his kiss. If she dies in the Games, she'd rather go with one last kiss from him. He may be an idiot, but he was a damn good kisser. "Cut 'em to ribbons," he breathes into her mouth, holding her tight. He's an idiot, and an asshole, but he does care. She promises with another kiss. After that, there's no one else to see her. Don's her best friend, and he's coming along for the ride. She's almost glad he's coming with her; she's going to need someone she can trust at her back. The train is breath taking. Katniss is as fierce in person as she looks from afar. Janna can't help but admire her. It's thanks to Katniss and the rewards she and her husband have earned them that Janna and Don had plenty of food, that Janna's sisters always had full bellies and she could avoid having them take out any tesserae. Janna saw Peeta often, in his family's bakery and around town. He'd been brushed up as much as Katniss for the reaping; they both look like beautiful statues instead of people. Janna wonders what it'd be like to live in Victor's Village, to not have her sisters sleeping on top of her. If she and Don have any luck, she'll find out. She and Don stay up late, talking about any and everything. Wondering if the Capitol was as amazing as they'd heard. They wind their fingers together – hers dark, like tesserae bread, his milk white – and they arm wrestle. Anything to keep from sleeping. "We won't be able to do this," Don says, staring at their joined hands. "One of us will be dead." Janna tightens her grip, looks him in the eye. "Don't worry about what you can't change. Focus on the Games. Focus on right now. And practice your holds," she adds to make him smile. "We won't get very far if you can't hold someone still long enough for me to kill them."