Title : Sisterhood By : Liz Chapter : 1 Rating : M (subject to change) Disclaimers : The characters are not mine. Author's Notes : Just a little more silliness from my mind. The idea for this story came from a book by Beverly Sommers called The Meaning of Sisterhood . The story's a bit different but there are definitely a lot of similarities. There may be a bit of OOC-ness but all of our favorites are here and all canon couples are included. As always, thanks to my sis for putting up with me, making suggestions, and just being awesome. Thanks, Lise! On a Sunday in late September during her junior year of high school, Bella Swan was curled up in her bed with her copy of The Picture of Dorian Gray . Though Fall had only officially just begun, the weather that weekend had been unseasonably cool and the rain pouring from the gray sky only added to the wintry mood. As far as Bella was concerned, it was a perfect day to be in her room under her quilt rereading one of her favorite books. A knock on her door pulled her from the world of Dorian and sticking a piece of paper in the book to hold her place, she set the book on her bedside table. "Yeah, dad?" As her father Charlie opened the door and entered her bedroom, Bella was immediately struck by the expression on Charlie's face. "Dad? What's wrong? Did something happen?" Charlie wasn't one for wearing his emotions on his sleeve so Bella knew by the look on his face that something was up. He sat down at the foot of her bed and sighed, running his hand over his face. "Bells, your Aunt Anna died," he said without preamble. Bella froze. She hadn't seen her mother Renee's only sister in more than ten years but still… "What? How?" "She was hit by a drunk driver while she was crossing the street." "Oh my God," Bella breathed. "When did it happen? Should I pack? Are we going down for the funeral?" Charlie winced. "Actually, um, no. See, this happened back in March." "What?" Bella was astounded. "Why are we only finding out about this now? Is Alice okay? Who's taking care of her?" "Alice is fine but, well, that's the thing. According to your aunt's will, your mom was Alice's legal guardian and they've been looking for Renee since Anna's death without any luck. She's been staying with some great aunt from her dad's side but apparently that's not really working out. And, uh, there's no one else so, uh, yeah, Alice is going to come live with us." Bella stared at her father in disbelief. Her cousin Alice was going to live with them? Was this for real? Bella and Alice had been close once, but that had been when they were little kids. They had all lived in Phoenix together – Anna and her husband Jack only blocks away from Renee and Charlie. Both Alice and Bella were only children and the sisters had thrown their daughters together as often as possible. The girls had gone to nursery school together and taken ballet, gymnastics, art classes, and done about a million other activities together. They had been each other's best friends, sleeping over at each other's house practically from the time they were born and sharing their childhood secrets about having a cookie before dinner or seeing their mom and dad kiss only with each other. But then, when Alice and Bella were six, Jack was killed in a car wreck and Anna had packed up and moved herself and Alice to Los Angeles. Bella hadn't seen or heard from Alice since. Two years later, Renee, too, had walked out of Bella and Charlie's life forever and the year Bella turned nine, she and Charlie had moved up to Forks and Alice had honestly probably been the last thing on Bella's mind. "Um, so when is she coming?" "Next weekend." "Wow. That's really, um, that's soon." "Yeah, well, since the semester just started and all, she doesn't want to miss a lot of class or anything." Bella nodded, her shocked mind still in overdrive. "So, um, I guess we'll fix up the spare room for her?" It sounded more like a question than a statement and Bella nodded in agreement. "Would you mind getting some, well, stuff for her room? Like sheets and a bedspread and all that? I'll give you my card. I'd do it myself but, well, I figure you'd know better than I would what someone your age would like." Bella doubted that Alice's tastes were going to be anything like her own but she agreed, telling Charlie she'd head out one day after school to pick up some things. After asking her if she was going to be okay, Charlie left Bella alone in her room. Thankful that her father never hovered, especially when she needed time to herself, Bella tried to process what she had just learned. Alice was about to come live with them. Alice, who she hadn't seen in over ten years. She wondered what her cousin was like now. Would they have anything in common? Would they still be friends? Would they even get along anymore? Bella sighed, her book long forgotten as these thoughts ran through her head and she pulled her quilt more tightly around her. One thing was certain; her quiet life was about to change in a big way. On Monday morning, Bella told Angela Weber the news about Alice as they were making their way to History together. Angela was a sweet, friendly girl and the closest thing Bella had to a friend at Forks High School. Sometimes Bella sat with Angela and her friends at lunch, while other times, she preferred to eat by herself. When Charlie started getting that guilty look on his face that Bella knew meant he thought he left her alone too much, she would invite Angela to hang out or she would go to the movies or maybe even a party with Angela and her group. One of Angela's friends, Jessica Stanley, had the biggest mouth in the school and Bella was counting on her to spread the news of Alice's impending arrival. "Wow," Angela said when Bella finished telling her about Alice. "Your long lost cousin. Are you excited?" Bella smiled. "Yes," she admitted. "I just wish I had more of an idea what to expect, you know?" Angela smiled back and gave Bella's arm a reassuring squeeze. "It'll be great, don't worry." Bella felt better after talking to Angela, but she couldn't help thinking about Alice non-stop for the rest of the week. In a town as small as Forks, new people were big news and Bella was a bit nervous about being, even peripherally, part of the slew of attention that was sure to come Alice's way. The last new person in their school had been Rosalie Hale the previous spring. Rosalie was a drop dead gorgeous blonde with a killer figure and when she had first arrived, the popular boys and girls had almost hurt themselves trying to get her to hang out with them. But she had remained cold and aloof and even now, Bella didn't see her talking much to anyone. She sat alone at lunch and Bella had never seen her at the few parties and school dances she herself had attended. Bella had heard some of the girls talking about Rosalie, calling her a bitch and a slut, but Bella figured that was just sour grapes. Not that she believed Rosalie was a nice person – someone who looked like that and didn't hang around with anyone else was really probably just a total snob who thought she was too good for everyone around her. As their paths rarely crossed, however, Bella didn't spend much time thinking about Rosalie. No, she preferred to spend her time thinking about Jordan. Jordan Rivers had moved to Forks shortly before Rosalie had and to say he fascinated Bella was putting it mildly. Mysterious, dark haired Jordan and his electric blue eyes had been the subject of every one of Bella's fantasies from the moment she had first laid eyes on him. From what she had observed, he didn't seem to hang out with any one group or have a girlfriend and Bella often found herself wishing that she were a braver person, one who could walk up to Jordan and start a conversation. But she was most definitely not that kind of person and so Jordan and his enigmatic smile remained a mystery to Bella. This week, however, even her fantasies about Jordan were neglected as all of Bella's time and energy were focused solely on Alice and her impending arrival. After all, Jordan was still only a fantasy. Alice, on the other hand, living right down the hall, was only days away from becoming a reality. Saturday afternoon, Bella was sitting on the couch in front of the TV, hoping to kill time until that evening when Alice was supposed to arrive. According to Charlie, he had asked Alice when her flight would be coming in but she had assured him she would get a taxi from the airport when she got in Saturday evening. Bella knew Charlie wasn't thrilled with the idea but Alice must have been persuasive since he had agreed to it. Bella was far too nervous and excited to concentrate on the inane '80s movie playing but she found the background noise soothing so she left it on as she imagined what it would have been like to meet Alice at the airport. It had been more than a decade; would she have even recognized her cousin? She was just starting to plan dinner in her head – something that would keep well enough to reheat for both Charlie and Alice – when the doorbell rang. Startled, Bella looked at the clock expectantly, disappointed when she saw that it was still far too early for her cousin to be arriving. Bella opened the front door and found a small dark haired girl standing on the steps with a large grin on her face. "Bella?" Bella nodded and the girl squealed, throwing her arms around her and almost knocking Bella off her feet; for such a tiny thing, she certainly was strong, Bella noted absently. "Alice?" she questioned, slightly alarmed. The small girl laughed and hugged her tighter. "Of course it's me, silly! Oh, it is so good to see you again!" She eventually released her and Bella finally had a chance to see her cousin properly. Gone was the long black hair that Bella had vaguely remembered, replaced instead by a short, spiky pixie cut. "I, but, um, you're early," was the only thing Bella could think to say. "Did you get an earlier flight?" Alice grinned. "Something like that." She reached her hands over her head and stretched quickly. "Whew! I love driving, but it's really good to get out of the car." "You drove? All the way from LA? But that's got to be, like, 24 hours of driving or something." Bella was amazed. No wonder Alice hadn't wanted to tell Charlie when her flight was arriving. Alice's grin turned wicked. "Actually, it's supposed to be about 19, I think, but it took me about 16 hours overall. Don't worry, I stopped when I got to Oregon and stayed overnight and then I just left really early this morning." She stood grinning at Bella and Bella finally came back to herself enough to move aside so Alice could enter the house. Her cousin set down a purse and a large shoulder bag. "I have more stuff in the car, if you wouldn't mind giving me a hand." "Oh, yeah, sure, of course," Bella stammered, still trying to wrap her head around her cousin's unexpectedly early arrival. She quickly