Dependence SSJP Fan fiction Harry Potter Obsessivedevil23 Summary: James gets ill with 'Flamouriadesis', colloquially known as 'Cinis', and has to rely on Severus making him a potion each weak to keep him alive. However, Severus only does things at a price, and his price is James' humiliation! Sub!James and Dom!Sev. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, I'm not making any money from this. Chapter 1-Lifeline It was hot. Not just beach hot, or 'shower too hot' hot, but so hot that it truly felt like the fires of hell had burst out of their underground cavern and had infiltrated his bedroom. The throbbing headache and aggravating pins and needles on the base of his feet were mere agitations: nothing compared to his fever. All he wanted was to get rid of the thick quilt that was covering him, but as the 15-year-old turned over in pain and shoved the covers off himself with a moan, they were just pulled back up with a heartfelt sigh from the man sitting next to his bed. He was tall; impressive; with short dark hair and warm brown eyes, but worry was etched deep into his features. "Sorry son, you've got to keep them on." The man explained, trying to tackle his teenage son back under the thick covers. "I'm not doing it to be mean." His voice was rough, suggesting he hadn't spoken in a while. The boy in the bed simply moaned. "… Yes you are." He whimpered. He probably hadn't meant it to be a whimper, but it was difficult to speak and everything came out soft and pathetic. The father sighed again; he too was having trouble stopping himself from taking away the covers, as he could see his son was in a lot of pain. However, it was common knowledge that the best way to get rid of a fever was to sweat it out. He hated that his son thought he was being cruel for the sake of it, when he was only doing it because he cared. He looked across the room as the door creaked open and his wife entered. She too had worry plastered all over her face. Their son had been ill before, but he had never been affected like this. Generally, he was a strong boy, and he very rarely complained. Behind his wife followed a Healer from St. Mungo's; an average sized man with honey blonde hair and arms that seemed too long for his body. His wife sat down next to him on the bay window seat, and the Healer held a steady hand to the teen's sweat covered forehead. The teen was trying to concentrate on his parents but, thanks to his fever, was failing miserably. The Healer dragged off the covers, to which the boy gave a happy, contented, little noise - as if that was all he had ever asked for in the world, and the long armed man cast a few spells over the boy's body. Soon the heat was too much – that of the fever, and that of the spells cast over him combined and the boy gave in to the sleep that was calling him. His breaths came out shallow even then, betraying how much pain he was truly in. The Healer stroked his greying beard, brow furrowed as he swished his wand in front of him and seemed to physically read the magic that it expelled, as if results from tests. He leant down, opened the teen's mouth and took a swab of saliva on the end of his wand. "What are you going to do?" Asked the only female in the room, standing up. Her voice was shaky with a panic that can only be found in a mother with a sick child. "Just a quick test to see if my suspicions are correct- although I hope they aren't." The healer replied, not entirely concentrating on her question. He'd never exactly been known for his bedside manner, and probably didn't even notice that his words had greatly affected the terrified parents. He was too busy concentrating on the healing. The lady sat back down, now even more worried than before. The Healer tested the saliva then turned to the parents and sighed. Both parents stood, knowing from the look the Healer was giving them that the next thing he said would be bad news. "Your son has Flamouriadesis." He said softly, but was only met with blank expressions. It was understandable, the disease was very rare. He had only heard of one other case in the UK in his medical career. "It's a disease which sends some of the cells in the body into overdrive – creating outward symptoms; such as loss of appetite and mood swings, but the worst is the fever, if left alone… Flamouriadesis literally translates to 'Ash Binding'… it would burn him from the inside." The other two adults in the room stared at him, horrified. "He's going to spontaneously combust!?" Asked the incredulous father, he couldn't believe it, but he was still pushed to ask: "What can we do?" "It's not spontaneous, it hasn't reached its worst stage yet." Believe it or not , the Healer thought, looking down at the suffering teenager. Flamouriadesis was such a violent disease – once it did reach its worst stage the flames would completely consume him. "The illness will only ever lay dormant for a week at a time. Given the right potion at the right time, it's possible he could live a normal life. However, he'd need to have the potion at least once a week." He explained as evenly as he could. He almost smiled as the mother gave a heartfelt sigh of relief. "That's not so bad." She said. "Of course there's a potion." The father responded, a weak smile about his features. He wiped the back of his hand over his brow. "Hmmm… but the original creator died recently, and he only taught one other person how to do it. The potion doesn't take long to create, but it's very complex." The Healer pondered. "It's possible he can do it in time to save your son, but it's going to be a close call…" The father stood angrily. "Then call them already!" He shouted. "He's my son." _X_ James Potter sat at the feast in silence. The sorting had gone off without a hitch, and all around him there were other Gryffindor's laughing and joking, congratulating the new 1st year recruits, and catching up with friends they hadn't seen over the summer. The first of September always brought news of holiday romances and worries of exams they had to sit that year. He looked at his own friends as point and case – Sirius was animatedly telling everyone between mouthfuls of roast chicken about a muggle girl he'd had his summer fling with, and Remus was fretting over notes already. "Oh Honey-pot, will you stop already – we've not even started lessons yet!" The Black heir laughed, punching his sandy-haired friend on the arm. Remus spared him a glance, but it was obvious that the assault had barely been noticeable in terms of any physical pain it may have caused. "We have OWLS this year, in case you cared." He replied, a little tetchy. James watched him shovel peas into his mouth, and felt his stomach lurch at the idea. His own plate was pretty full – he'd been pushing his carrots and asparagus around half-heartedly since it had magically appeared in front of him, and he knew from experience it was likely to stay being pushed about until it was magically taken away again. As he pondered on how hungry he hadn't been feeling yesterday he felt a cool, soft hand on his shoulder, and turned to see who it was. "Oh, hey Lily." He grinned, hand instinctively coming up to run through his hair. In front of him stood the tall, slim, red-headed perfection that was Lily Evans. "Have you come to your senses and want to tell me how you're desperately in love with me?" He asked. He heard a brief snort behind him at his advances, and resolved later to find out which marauder thought he was funny. "Really clever Potter." Lily replied, placing a hand on her hip delicately. "If it wasn't for the fact that out of the two Gryffindor prefects I'm apparently the only one with some sense of responsibility – I wouldn't be here at all." Remus looked up from his books. He had a habit of getting too engrossed in them and forgetting he had other arrangements. "Did I miss something?" He asked. Lily rolled her eyes. "You were supposed to be at the front of the train on the journey here so we could be filled in on our duties!" She replied heatedly. Remus grimaced. "I'm sorry Lils," He fretted, "I hadn't seen these guys all summer and I've been a little under the weather." He attempted to excuse himself. Lily frowned. "You are quite an ill person… just make sure it doesn't happen again, you'll have to help pick the password with me in a minute. Jeez, I don't know what Dumbledore was thinking, giving prefect duties to anyone in this stupid little gang." She muttered, then she remembered she was over there for a reason: "Potter, you're wanted in Dumbledore's office after the feast is over." And with that, the red head walked away. "Hell Prongs, what could the old coot want with you already?" Pete asked, watching her retreating back. James shrugged in response, but Peter smirked. "Well, maybe he's suspicious – you have been unusually well behaved." James let the others finish the rest of their feast whilst he sat in relative quiet. He could feel a pool of heat settling at the bottom of his stomach. He'd not been right all week – he'd barely had an appetite and his mood was all over the place. Sometimes he wanted to dive into the lake near his home in a bout of spontaneity, and other times the mere suggestion of him going outside by one of his parents was enough for him to ill wish them. Barely a week ago he had been toned – the type of physique one would expect from a Quidditch Chaser – but now he'd lost so much weight from not eating, and he felt physically weak. He trudged up to the stone gargoyles outside the headmaster's office in thought of his recent mood swings, so that it wasn't until the last second that he realised he had no idea of the password. It was of course a mundane point as the gargoyles sprung aside at the sight of him – as if they'd been expecting his arrival. He knocked heavily on the door, and when he was ushered in he was met with Dumbledore sat behind his desk, and none other than Severus Snape. Severus Snape; with his lanky hair, large nose, pale skin and all, was looking just as bored as James was confused. It seemed Snape knew why he was here, which only served to aggravate James more. He couldn't help but notice the headmaster surveying them both through his half-moon spectacles. James couldn't tell whether he was amused or deadly serious, but the familiar twinkle was there, and that calmed his nerves somewhat. Snape was looking anywhere but at James, but the fiery pool at the pit of the Chaser's stomach was dancing about, making James feel queasy and on edge in the Slytherin's presence. "You may or may not be aware, Mr. Potter." Dumbledore began, "But you came very close to death this Friday just passed." James looked at his feet. He remembered being really hot, and he remembered passing out, just after a Healer came. His parents had been wooly on the details, and he hadn't thought to ask. Later, when he had thought to ask he was too busy being