Contest entry for the Control, Possess. Seduce. Contest Disclaimer he author does not own any publically recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Experience Review of L'expérience' by I.M.S. I know that plenty of my readers will be surprised, perhaps even shocked, by this review. I'm sure that the inevitable comments will blow up the blog for weeks to come but I'm ready for the backlash. Unfortunately I really failed to see what all the hype is about. Don't get me wrong, "L'Experience" is definitely worth a visit, just don't expect greatness. I called in on a cold, windy Wednesday night. The hype surrounding this place tells you that it is booked up for months in advance and at the weekend that is maybe true, but on the night in question the Maitre'd was only too happy to seat me. The service was excellent, the staff knowledgeable and only too eager to offer recommendations for both food and wine. I didn't feel unwelcome because I arrived without a reservation and unlike some places, that I will not give blog space to any longer, I was pleased to be able to purchase a single glass of a very good wine. Both the interior and the exterior of the restaurant are extremely well designed but comfortable too. Credit should definitely go to the interior designer for creating the perfect balance. The atmosphere, aided by subtle lighting and the excellent use of screens and plants made for a very relaxed and private dining experience. Now, onto the food, the part of the review that you've all been waiting for. I'm afraid that it just didn't wow me. It was well cooked, well presented and generally nice. In fact, that is the one word that best describes my visit, nice. I suspect that the notoriously volatile Chef Cullen will be screaming for my blood, especially because I understand that he wasn't in the kitchen the night I visited, but this blog strives for honesty. My recommendation is to go and try the restaurant but leave all the hype at home. As always please let me know what you think. XXXX "Who the fuck does he think he is? Nice? How the fucking hell am I supposed to respond to nice?" I knew that I was yelling but I couldn't stop myself. The first time that I had taken a night off in four months and the renowned critic chose that night to come in. I.M.S. was fast becoming the go to blog for restaurant reviews in the city. While the newspapers still had the old, crusty, predictable critics, I.M.S. had breezed onto the scene because they ate in places that catered to everyday diners as well. One week would be a diner that had great pie and coffee, another week a fine dining experience, sometimes it was even a good concessions stall at one of the stadiums in the city or a new food truck. It was refreshing that someone could be as passionate about a good hot dog or slice of pizza as speciality tasting menus costing hundreds of dollars in renowned Michelin starred restaurants. Somehow I.M.S. had been able to keep their identity a secret. It was even rumoured to be a group rather than one particular person because their tastes were so varied. "Look Edward," said Alice, my sister as well as the Sommelier, "it's just her opinion, she hasn't actually said anything bad about the place. In fact," she said, casting her eyes over the review again, "she even tells people to visit and make their own mind up." "She?" I snapped, "Why are you saying she? No one knows for sure who the critic is." I went back to reading the review again. "Well," said Alice, sensibly, "we know that it was a Wednesday evening and that you weren't here. There was only one walk in, a lone female who paid cash. I'm sure that we can find her on the CCTV." "What the fuck are you waiting for? Let's have a look and see who this bitch is." "I'll go fetch Jasper," she replied, ignoring my bad language. "I'll bet it is some retired spinster librarian or college lecturer that loves cats," I muttered to myself. Harsh perhaps yet L'Experience is my life's work and passion and she had dismissed it as just "nice". Jasper, Alice's husband and my best friend is security advisor to the restaurant. He has his own security business so when we bought the huge building that houses the restaurant on the ground floor he took some of the office space above. I watched, impatiently, as he played around on the laptop, fast forwarding until he found the recording for the night in question. Our trio gathered around the screen as Jasper slowed it back down to normal speed and watched as Rosalie, the Maitre'd, seated what appeared to be a stunning brunette at a table on her own. "I remember her now, she was gorgeous," whispered Alice. "I never knew you swung that way, Alice," I joked. Nobody laughed, my attempt at humour falling flat. I turned my attention back to the screen. The brunette took her time looking at the menu. I had to agree with Alice, she was gorgeous. One of the wait staff took her order then Alice popped onto the screen with a wine menu. The brunette shook her head and Alice left the table. Stopping the tape I turned to Alice. "What do you remember? What did she say?" "Edward," she said, tucking her short hair behind her ears, "it was weeks ago, I don't remember exactly what she said. Just play the tape and see if anything jogs my memory." We continued to watch as her meal, my speciality menu, seasonal and not cheap, and a single glass of white wine were served to her by Jessica, one of the least experienced of my waiting staff. The brunette was obviously testing Jessica's knowledge thoroughly and I wished, not for the first time, that I could lip read. I desperately wanted to know what she was asking and why. Jessica had been well trained and I was confident that she could handle most queries but it would put my mind at ease if I knew what had been said. "When is Jessica on shift again?" I wondered aloud. "She's off for a few days," replied Alice, closing the laptop screen and thanking Jasper with a brief hand on his shoulder. "I'll ask her if she remembers anything when she gets back." The answer did not impress me, I really wanted to know now, but of course Jessica might not even remember the diner at all. "Edward," shouted Rosalie from front of house, "come and look at the blog." "Why?" I crinkled up my nose in disgust. I really wasn't ready to take any more crap tonight. If anyone else said that L'Experience was just nice I might have to shut up shop and start again somewhere else. "Look," Rosalie pointed at the screen, "people are sticking up for you and the restaurant." There were already half a dozen comments on the blog post and when Rosalie pressed refresh even more popped up. Wow that's harsh! IMHO the restaurant, food, ambience - everything - is excellent. AGT2 Chef Cullen is not only gorgeous, but his culinary creations are to die for. How could you be so far off the ball with this review? Iluvcc L'Experience is food porn. Maybe you went on an off night or something? Give it another chance and I'm sure that you won't regret it. MDll Have eaten here several times, best restaurant in the district bar none. EDL The blog was going mad with people challenging I.M.S. and the four of us stood watching, dumbfounded, as our loyal customers put their views forward. Eventually I couldn't bear being a helpless bystander. Pushing Rosalie out of the way I hastily typed my own comment. IMS. I am very concerned that you could rate my life's passion as just nice, please feel free to visit my establishment again and give us another chance. I promise you will not be disappointed. Chef Cullen Once it was posted all I could do was wait. I just had to hope that between the support on the blog and my open invitation she would decide to come back and sooner rather than later. "Jasper," I barked, "can you get a still from the CCTV?" He nodded, his face slightly puzzled. "I want to put her photo up so if she comes back everyone knows who she is." Within ten minutes there were pictures of the stunning brunette everywhere; in the kitchen, behind the bar, on the hostess stand and even in my office. I spoke to all the staff and made them aware of who this woman was and how important it was that we should be prepared for her coming to the restaurant again. XXXX Over the next couple of weeks I watched the blog obsessively. I.M.S. was my first thought in the morning and the last thought I had before going to sleep at night. As the reviews challenging her view grew in number I could almost feel her getting closer. She never made any comment about what people were posting and the positive support that we were getting, she just carried on with her usual reviews. She followed our review with one for a diner where she raved about the sweet potato fries and the special coating they had on them. I mean what the fuck? My speciality menu with years of research and planning and fresh seasonal ingredients is just nice but then she gets all worked up about some fries with a few spices sprinkled on them? If it wasn't for the fact that my ego was hurt, I would have laughed it off and just got on with running my business. The problem was that as time passed I grew more and more angry. I wanted her in my restaurant so badly that it was becoming an obsession. I had even thought of asking Jasper if he could find her through the IP address of her blog but I knew that was getting near the realms of stalking. "Edward this is getting out of hand," said Rosalie, finally at the end of her tether with my dark mood. "What are you actually hoping to achieve if she does come back here? The best case scenario is that she'll put another review on her blog saying that we are excellent." Rosalie waved her hand in front of my field of vision, drawing my attention away from the photo pinned above the hostess desk and back to her. "She's just got to me Rosalie," I replied, honestly. "I need to get her here to prove that MY food is amazing." I sighed. "For some reason it has become really important to me that I make her taste and even feel the passion that I feel when I cook." "Edward," replied Rosalie, putting a hand on my arm, "she's just some blogger. I know she's got a small following but let's be honest, when it comes to our clientele I doubt many actually read the blog or take it too seriously" "I know, I know," I replied, removing my hand from her arm and going back to pacing mindlessly. "I keep telling myself that, but I won't be able to rest until I have her here and I'm face to face with her. Until then she is all I can think about. I need to deal with it and then I can forget her." I watched the blog daily waiting for some sign that she was going to visit but I.M.S. never answered my plea to visit the restaurant again. Deep down I was sure that she wouldn't give me a warning but I still pored over every word she wrote to look for clues.