A/N: I'm back! I know it's been a few months since Victimized ended, and I know I said I'd start working on this story again ASAP, but I've been very busy what with graduating from high school and working on three separate novels. But I had a dream last night about Ginny and Draco and I woke up this morning and decided I wanted to start working on this fic again. I'll be fixing the first five chapters to suit my new plot, which is slightly altered, and then I'll finish up. Gin Weasley won't be nearly as long as Silent Secrets or Victimized, nor as dramatic and gory. It's going to be more a light, humorous story based off of an anime entitled Nanaka 6/17, in which a girl named Nanaka hits her head and suddenly thinks she is 6 years old again. However, if you've seen the anime, don't expect it to be exactly the same, as I'm mostly just taking the basic idea and running with it. This will probably be the last fanfic that I write, at least for a very long time, as I'm hoping to have a few novels done sometime in the next year and start looking for a publicist. Now, on to the story! x x x x x x x x x x x x x x The blonde boy snuck into the garden quietly. A small, red haired girl sat there, surrounded by the mistress's house kittens and caged doves. Her curly red hair surrounded her heart shaped face and fell in soft ringlets around her shoulders. Freckles were sprinkled across her small nose. There was always an impish smirk to her pouty lips. She looked up at him with her hazelnut eyes, sparkling with mischief, and grinned. The five year old girl ran to the boy and embraced him in a tight hug. "Draco, I'm so glad you made it out of the house safe!" The grey eyed boy grinned at her and held out his hand. "Happy birthday! Open it. open it!" She tore open her present and gasped at the object inside. A crystal necklace, teardrop in shape, with translucent swirling colors inside of it. If stared at too long the colors would make one dizzy until they were put under a trance. They seemed to swirl and flow like water, magic and secrets laced within their hidden shadows. "Draco! I couldn't receive this; it must have cost a fortune! Take it back!" She had always been stingy when it came to money. It came with being the youngest of seven siblings. "No, I got it for you. It's a promise stone. In this stone I seal my promise that I will be your friend forever." "A year from now?" The redhead asked skeptically. "A year from now." He promised. "Five years from now?" She tested. "Five years from now." He repeated. "Ten, eleven, twelve years from now?!" Her voice had become so hysterically loud he had to silence her to keep from waking his parents. When one was so young, twelve years seemed a lifetime away. In a whisper, the boy swore, "I, Draco Malfoy, promise that I will be your, Ginny Weasley's, best friend twelve years from now, and forever more, or suffer the consequences of this promise necklace." A bright light shown out of the necklace, only for the smallest fraction of a second, before it disappeared into the darkness. The girl threw her arms around the little boy and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you so much Draco! This is the best fifth birthday gift ever! But I have to go now! I'll see you later!" She ran out of the courtyard and under a break in the fence, looking back only once to grin at him under the brightly shining stars. Long after she left the boy still stood in the courtyard, looking after the little girl who lived only a mile away, her house a fifteen minute walk down a moonlight path through the woods that only the two of them knew about. He touched the spot on his cheek where she had kissed him and smiled. "Happy birthday love." With that he walked back into Malfoy Manor. He moved away the next day, to a bigger plot of land on the other side of London. They did not see each other again except for at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where their house rivalry stopped them from staying friends. Eventually their friendship faded away until it was nothing but a thought on the wind. Until one fateful morning, twelve years later, on the seventeenth birthday of Ginny Weasley. ------------------------------------------------Twelve Years Later--------------------------------------------- Ginevra Weasley sighed and set down the book she was reading. Someone was standing in her light. Blowing a strand of unruly, waist length red hair out of her face, she lifted her brown eyes up to the figure and glared. A tall boy stood above her, smirking that trademark Slytherin smirk. They oughta get those smirks patented. The boy glanced over his pointy nose with silver eyes full of loathing, his perfectly straight, white teeth and layered, chin length hair groomed and combed to absolute faultlessness. "Well, well, well, if it isn't the littlest Weasellette. What are you doing out here all by yourself Weasellette, reading a book? Or were you just trying to avoid your old Slytherin buddy Zabini?" Another boy stepped from behind the tree she was leaning against. He was a little taller than Draco Malfoy, making him a giant compared to Ginny, his dark skin and exotic voice cooed over by many girls in Ginny's year. Personally, Ginny found them both too damn annoying to possibly think of them as attractive. She glared and closed her book, more than a thousand pages and elaborate enough to send Hermione Granger running for her money, and stood up to her full height, a pathetic one and a half meters, requiring her to crane her neck to even look up at the boys. Pathetic, but it was admittedly all she had going for her. She turned on her heel abruptly, not at the least in the mood for a confrontation, only for a hand to shoot out and hold her back. "Come on princess, let's have a little fun. Just you and two hot Slytherin sex gods. I know a real great place we could go." Blaise Zabini whispered in her ear in a husky voice, a voice that did not at all have any affect on her, other than to make her want to retch. "Not in your life Zabini," she said, pushing his arm away and glaring at them. "Touch me one more time and I swear you'll regret being born!" "What are you going to do Weasellette? Hit me with a Bat Bogey hex? Or call help and have Harry Potter run out of hiding to rescue you?" The boys laughed raucously. She hated Draco Malfoy, and that comment about Harry especially stung. Even though she no longer had a crush on him, she was still slightly bitter he broke up with her at the end of last year. She was especially bitter that he, Ron, and Hermione ran off to find Horcruxes without her, leaving her all alone to attend her sixth year at Hogwarts. It was bad enough with Dumbledore dead, but now Malfoy, of all people, had been allowed back in the school, and she had no one except Luna to keep her company of any kind. Of course, she'd grown quite fond of the loony girl, but it still stung, them leaving her behind like a fragile piece of glass. But Malfoy! She absolutely loathed that boy! He was arrogant, rude, rich, spoiled, and just plain annoying! There were all sorts of rumors as to how he was allowed back into Hogwarts, ranging from his father buying him in to him threatening Headmistress McGonnogal. She didn't put any of those underhanded rumors beyond him. "Hey Weasellette, what book you reading?" Draco Malfoy asked, snatching her book from her arms and holding it up, reading the title out loud. "LOVE: A collection of romance stories and poems." The boys laughed loudly, much to Ginevra's embarrassment. She could feel herself blushing a deeper shade of red with each second that passed. "Reading romances now, Ginevra? Are you that desperate without Potter?!" The boys held each other, shaking with laughter, tears streaming down their faces. She growled deep in her throat and snatched her book back. Or at least attempted to snatch her book back. Draco Malfoy, that insufferable, tall git, held it over her head, just out of reach of her hand. She jumped and she hopped, but did not manage to get it back. "Give me my book back Malfoy!" She yelled. She wasn't so irritated about them reading the title, really. It was the only thing she could think up on the spot to hide the true nature of the book. It was a pretty weak glamour, really, but that's what the tome, which she had bought in Knockturn Alley over the summer, was about. Ancient magic and dark mysticism. Amongst its delving into the history of magic were guidelines to wandless and wordless magic as well as performing darker hexes not taught in school. Ginny figured if she wanted to fight in the war against the Death Eaters someday, she'd better learn how to play their game. Not to mention, she was curious. "Now what's the magic word Weasellette?" he asked, his voice sickeningly sweet and obnoxious. "Oi love, what is this? A pretty little necklace you got here." She looked a Zabini. He was holding a crystal stone tied to a black leather strap. Her mother had sent it to her in the mail by owl post that morning, claiming she had been cleaning out the attack when she found it in Ginny's box of child things, along with some clothes and many embarrassing naked baby photos. Ginny had blushed deeply at the photos but been intrigued by the necklace. Somehow it seemed oddly familiar to her, though she couldn't quite place her finger on where she had gotten it. Either way, she had shrugged it off and figured she would look it up later in the library, her usual haunt. She had stuck it in her robes pocket and it must have fallen out with all the jumping and hopping she had done attempting to reach her book from Draco Malfoy's hand. "Hey, let me see that. It looks oddly familiar," Malfoy said, stealing it from the Zabini boy and examining it closely. Ginny snatched her book from his arm as he studied the crystal, turning it over in his hand. "Looks expensive. Well, for a Weasley, anyway. What poor vagabond did you have to steal it from?" Her cheeks burned red with anger and wounded pride, but she was tired of being their charade and wanted nothing more than to just leave. Still, that didn't stop her mouth from blurting the first thing that came to it. "The same one you steal your pick-up lines and insults from, Malfoy. Just give me my necklace back now." She held out a hand, palm up. To her surprise Draco Malfoy shrugged and laid the stone in her hand. And that was when it happened. x x x x x x x x x x x x x x Draco Malfoy saw the Weasellette sitting by herself under the apple tree reading yet another thick book. It had been him who had suggested that they go and bother her, having nothing else to do on a laid-back Sunday afternoon only a month into classes. Zabini agreed immediately, licking his lips and looking at the girl with a gleam in his eyes. It was no secret to Draco Malfoy how he felt about the girl. How he felt about every girl he ever met, really. He merely rolled