Summary: After watching her brother die, Ginny becomes a mute and isolates herself from everyone. Unfortunately, Draco has made it his goal to try to crack her shell and teach her to trust and love again. x x x x x x x x x x x x x x There comes a time in everyone's life when they must bridge to adulthood. When they must lose that last shard of childhood innocence and naivety and realize the cruel ways of the world. The age and moment and realization is different for everyone. I was just eleven when it happened to me. As a young girl, I was scarred for life. At eleven I found a small, innocent black diary in my cauldron. It was my very first year of Hogwarts, one I had been looking forward to for years. I thought everything would be great. And then did I discover that the little black diary talked. I wasn't stupid nor was I ignorant. I had lived in the wizarding world all my life. I had grown up with my two brothers who would play dirty tricks on me. I had always known of bad magic. Magic that was meant to harm others. But, at that young age, I was naive and innocent. I had never been mistreated. I had never been abused. Nor had I ever been neglected or hurt by anyone. I took everyone as a kind person, innocent until proven guilty. There goes that word again. Innocent. I never knew anyone that wasn't innocent. And then, he betrayed me. Tom Riddle, a boy I had trusted, a boy I had thought innocent and kind, tried to kill me. To drain all my life like a parasite. To use me to come alive and hurt others. I hadn't realized until it was too late. Until he was pulling me into the Chamber of Secrets. I was weak, I could not stop him. He was strong, cunning, and cruel. He had no remorse for killing others. For killing the innocent. I went into that Chamber innocent. Never knowing of pain or hurt. Never seeing a person that could kill without thinking twice about it. Never seeing someone die. Not many know what happened in the Chamber before Harry came. I barely know, I was so lifeless. Tom merely paced, muttering and waiting for Harry. He paid no mind to me. To him I was already dead. I was useless to him, a waste of time in which he could be planning Harry's defeat. I lay there, watching him, barely able to move. I knew I was going to die down there. I was scared. So very scared. But, just like him, I was thinking as well. I realized down there, as I watched the boy pace nervously, that he was not horrible or evil. He was just a child. One who, unlike me, had grown up with death, abuse, neglect, and hatred. One who had learned nothing of love and kindness. I realized, he was just as naive about the world as I. For, we had one thing in common. We had both seen only one side of the world, I the innocent, he the cruel, and it had affected us. It had landed us here. He had never been given a chance, and now he never would. But, I realized, though I could not change what he was about to do, kill me and Harry, I could forgive him. Forgive him, for no one ever had forgiven him for who he was. But I would, before I died, I would show him that in this world there is kindness. There is forgiveness. I worked up as much energy as I could and croaked to him, "You may not care, but I want you to know something." He looked over at me, stopping his pacing. His face was surprised, as if he thought me to already be dead now. "What," he said, leaning against a pillar elegantly and looking bored. "A last word for Harry? Want me to tell him you love him, since you were too cowardly to?" I merely smiled at him. Even now he was naïve. "No," I whispered. "I want you to know that I forgive you. I forgive you for killing me, for I'm sure you'll succeed. And for Harry, I forgive you in advance if you do end up defeating him. And I'm sorry, I'm sorry that no one gave you a chance…No one allowed you to see the other side of life. The kind side…The loving side. I'm sorry for you…And I hope you forgive us." I had to gasp for breath between each sentence. My lungs refused to take in breath, my heartbeat was slowing. I stared at him, not sure what his reaction would be. I definitely did not expect him to break down, his heart melting as he pleaded for forgiveness. Nor did he. Actually, he merely stared at me. And then, he laughed. "Wise words in your death, foolish child. I'm about to kill you and you tell me you forgive me. You are more of a ninny than I thought." I merely smiled at him, before my world went black. And, surprisingly, I wasn't scared. Actually, I was calmly peaceful. When I awoke again, Harry was by my side. He had won. Tom was gone; the only memory left of him a blank diary. Funny, as he was merely a memory to begin with. When I left that Chamber, I was no longer innocent. I had almost died. Someone had been killed in the very same room as me. Harry himself was half dead with venom. But, a piece of me had died as well. My innocence had left me when Tom hurt me. I had seen that part of the world. The cruel part. The painful part. My world was no longer innocent. And neither was I. Though I had forgiven Tom Riddle (Voldemort, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, what have you), I had thought he was finished with me. I had thought I would no longer have to see or speak to that man. No longer be hurt by him. I could never have been more wrong. That night, I had had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. All night I had felt sick. It was rainy outside; a storm had blown over England. It was wet, dark, and loud. Lightning and thunder were everywhere. A loud boom surrounded me and the house shook. It was a summer night, late at night. Father had taken mother out dancing. They hadn't been out in years, and now that I was old enough to take care of myself, they wanted to go on a date. They had to pick that night to leave. They might have prevented it. Or maybe they would have added more numbers to the death toll. I will never know now. It was July 17th, 10:00 pm. Like I said before, mother and father were out. Percy was still at work, working a night shift. Ron had left to go to Hermione's house where they would meet up with Harry and take Ron out to see a Muggle movie. Surprisingly, it would also be the first time Harry ever went to a movie theatre. Nobody was home, except my brother and I. My brother Charlie was home from Romania for the week. He still had his usual long hair, not nearly so long as Bill's that it drove Mother crazy. It was a strawberry blonde color from being in the sun so much. Since I had last seen him, he had gotten an eyebrow piercing and dragon tattoo that liked to roam around his body and spit fire at anyone he didn't like, though mostly it just settled on his left shoulder blade and slept. Charlie was my favorite of all my brothers. He listened to me and loved to talk with me. He understood me in my times of need. He comforted me when I felt bad. I had never had a fight with him. Not one time. Never raised my voice to him, nor had he to me. He was the person I trusted most in the entire world. It was our first night alone together since he had come home. I sat next to my brother, his large legs sprawled across the floor. My short legs were tucked up under me. I had always been short, like my mother. He was reading to me from a large book he had bought in a Muggle shop. It was by The Brothers Grim, and odd name I thought, and the story was about a girl named Cinderella who waited on her evil stepsisters and stepmother all day, and even though they were cruel to her she loved them anyway. I sat back with my eyes closed and listened, picturing the story in my head. It's not that I don't liked to read, but Charlie is such a vivid, animated storyteller. Or, was, I should say. "You know," said my brother with a grin and a ruffle of my hair, "you remind me of her." I opened on eye and looked up at him questioningly. "How so? She's a blonde." This made him laugh. I loved his laughter, more beautiful than a thousand church bells ringing, stronger than the toll of Big Ben at midnight and richer than chocolate on a hot summer night. He smiled down at me from his height. He was taller even when we were sitting. My brother was completely focused on me instead of the book. I remember how his eyes crinkled up when he smile. He had small, indefinite creases forming around them. They would one day be as deep as Dad's. That was what I was thinking at the moment. It's funny how sometimes we remember the oddest of things. I remember those creases around his eyes from smiling. He was always smiling or laughing. Always happy. He never let anything get him down. I respected him for that. "You're so kind. When people are cruel to you, you merely go on living. Never let anything get you down. You always forgive people. And you always work hard. Not to mention, you are the prettiest girl in this entire kingdom of England. I wouldn't be surprised if one day a prince asked you to marry him." "I'm not pretty," I said, blushing and staring at the floor. "Yes, you are Gin Bug," he said, lifting my head so our eyes met. He always called me Gin Bug. I acted like I hated the name, but I really loved it. He was the only one who I ever let call me that. It was something we could share. "Oh! I almost forgot. I got somebody an early birthday present," he said, holding up a small box. It was a jewelry box, I could tell right away. I was nearly hopping up and down, excited to be receiving a gift from my brother. He always gave me the best, most meaningful gifts. "Happy Birthday, Ginny," he said, handing me the box. I tore it open and gasped. Inside was a small pendent, about five centimeters tall. It was made of a light, durable metal. The pendent was a fairy, small with lovely wings and wavy, flowing hair, much like mine. Around her wrist was a baby dragon. It was all silver, but definitely not simple. The carving was so intricate and tiny and detailed. And it was surprisingly as light as a feather. "It's so light," I said. "It's made from a metal that was formed when a dragon blew fire onto it. It is light and durable and will never rust. It's magical." Though I had grown up with magic all my life, this was special. Dragon magic. And it was from Charlie, who made everything magical. "Put it on me, please Charlie!" "Sure Gin Bug." I moved