AN: This is the first story I have uploaded in over two years. I am attempting to write in stream of consciousness, so I know that at first it won't make sense, especially when reading from Ginny's point of view, and I purposely ignored grammar and sentence structure rules for my own purposes. As the story goes on, Ginny's parts will become easier to read and make more sense. Also, this story is rated M for a reason. There is violence, blood, and adult themes. If you are not mature enough to read it, then please don't. Summary: Voldemort and his Death Eaters have won, and the wizarding world is in chaos. Ginny Weasley, prisoner of war, is enslaved to a reluctant Draco Malfoy as a gift for his eighteenth birthday. However, Ginny harbors a dark secret kept silent by a spell that makes her mute. Draco is intent on discovering the secret that could either save or damn the fragmented wizarding world. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. The plot and any other characters not belonging to Harry Potter are my own, and any resemblance to other plots on this website is coincidence. I may use lyrics later on in this story (if I can get away with it without getting in trouble), but these songs are not my own and I will put the name of the song and the author at the beginning or end of the chapter. And now, onto the story. Enjoy, and please review if you want, flame or praise. x x x x x x x x x x x x x x There was no time here. The hours blended into days, the days into weeks, the weeks into months. She wasn't sure how long she had been here. She had no sunlight to measure the days by. In fact, the only light they ever had was from the candles. And nobody wanted to see that light. That light meant they were coming to take one of them. Sometimes it was her. Sometimes it was someone else. When they came for her, she went quietly. She no longer had the will to scream like the others. Not that she could. When they came, they took her to a small room. Stone walls, stone floor, stone ceiling. All she saw anymore was stone. She didn't remember the sight of the sun, the smell of the air, the feel of the rain. She only knew stone, cold stone, and pain, sharp, hot pain. They had many ways of inflicting pain. The stone walls and table and floor were covered in torturous devices, some she had experienced, others she was glad she hadn't. If she could even feel glad anymore. She wasn't sure. They tried to make her talk. They dunked her head in foul tasting water and held it there until her world went black. They whipped her until there was no unmauled skin on her body. They held her hand in a fire, demanding that she speak. They dunked her naked body into freezing cold water. They tried to make her talk, but no matter what they did, she would not speak. She could not speak. She wanted to. Her silence was not Gryffindor bravery or pride or strength. She tried many times to tell them what they wanted. So she could die. But she could not speak. She tried to scream, but no sound came out. She tried to beg, but her voice was useless. Eventually they stopped torturing her. They locked her up in her own stone cage. She wasn't sure how long she stayed in that cell, but it felt like a millennium in Hell. Sticky blood coated the walls. The smell of piss reeked from the corner. Screams could be heard all around her. There was no bed or loo, not that she cared for such frivolities anymore. Her clothes had deteriorated to practically nothing. She was fed every so often, stale bread and water. Most of the time she didn't eat it, but when the pain became unbearable, she did. She wished they had stopped feeding her. She wished she could die. But that was not to be her fate. x x x x x x x x x x x x x x "Well why the hell won't she speak?!" roared Lucius Malfoy. The two men cringed. One was a short man with balding brown hair and a round stomach. The other was tall and built, with dark eyes and matching dark hair and a Hispanic accent. They were new to Voldemort's ranks, and the pawn scum of higher ranking members such as Malfoy himself. He was annoyed that the Dark Lord had put him in charge of such a pathetic crew of motley men, chosen to weed out the few remaining Order members and their whereabouts. Currently they were discussing the youngest Weasley, who had been captured a year and a few months ago, in the hopes that she would have insider information on the Order's hideout. Unfortunately, she was mute, and the Weasley situation was really starting to piss him off by now. "Sir, we've tried. We've tortured her. We've beaten her. We've done everything short of raping and killing her." Lucius glared at them. "And why didn't you do that?!" The two men glanced at each other. "Mister Malfoy, quite honestly…she reeks. She's thin and disgusting and practically dead. She never even protests or puts up a fight when we torture her. And she's not exactly what I would call aesthetically pleasing…" Lucius sighed in exasperation and ran his thin, white hands through his long hair. "It does not matter. We torture, we rape, we kill. End of story. She is taking up space and has done nothing to help us in our leads. We must find the rest of the order members," he slammed his fist on the table, making the men jump in fear, "or else the Dark Lord will have our heads, do you understand?" The other man spoke up. "Well, we could just kill her. As you said, she is wasting space, and our men don't even bother to beat her anymore. She obviously can't speak. We've researched her, done tests on her, examined her. We believe she is under a spell of some sort, obviously Old Magic, because we cannot trace the origin." Lucius muttered under his breath and took a swig of his Firewhisky. He welcomed the burning sensation the sharp, hot liquid left in his throat. He sat back in his leather backed chair, staring around the polished, antique office. The Death Eater ran his hands along the armrest of his chair. "Did you perhaps think…" he said slowly, as if in annoyance, "to make her write? Yes or no questions? Some other form of communication. A Truth Serum, for Merlin's sake!" The small, balding man nodded his head furiously. "Yes! We tried everything. We attempted to make her write, and she did! She wrote her name, her age, her family member's names, but as soon as we told her to write her secret, to tell us everything she knew about the Order and its members, well…." He stopped, looking thoroughly perturbed. "Well?" Lucius asked, annoyed. He lifted a perfectly thin, blonde eyebrow. The taller man cleared his throat. "It exploded…" He too trailed off. Lucius Malfoy sat up, staring at them in confusion. He rested his elbows on the desk, folded his hands, and settled his chin onto his knuckles, deep in thought. "Exploded?" Malfoy asked, as if seeming unconvinced. "Burst into fire. The paper, the quill, the ink bottle…her hand. It all caught on fire. She seemed just as confused and frightened as we were. I don't think she honestly knows there is a spell on her. Certain parts of her memory have most likely been erased to prevent her secret from being told. What we do know is she's not speaking anytime soon, and we honestly think the best course of action would be to dispose of her to make room for more suspects." Lucius shook his head and stared at the top of the table in deep thought. His eyebrows knitted together as the wheels turned in his head. "No, no, that would not be wise. Nobody would go to such lengths to keep her quiet unless she knew something dire, something important. But you're correct, she is wasting space and money and time. The Dark Lord is beginning to get annoyed with our lack of information…" He sighed, pausing in contemplation, and the men knew to stay quiet. A small smirk appeared on his face and malicious intent grew in his eyes. "No, boys…I think I have a better idea." x x x x x x x x x x x x x x Ginny Weasley sat with her back to the wall, her arms folded around her thin body and her head resting between her legs. She sat like this when she wanted to block out the screams and the cries for help. She pretended she could not hear the pleas in the rooms all around her. Ginny was finally dozing to sleep when light invaded her vision. She lifted her head ever so slightly, out of curiosity mainly, and had to hold her hand up against the bright shine of the candle that nearly blinded her. It invaded the darkness she had seen for so long, shone into all corners of the room, revealed the blood and stone she did not want to know was there, and finally showed a tall, familiar looking man before her. The girl squinted and covered her eyes and cowered against the wall, hoping they would just leave, but she knew it wasn't so. Maybe they had finally come to kill her. She could only anticipate that was the reason. Ginny heard the sound of boots stepping up to her and the light shone on her, forcing her to roll into a small ball in self-defense. They had taken away her blanket of darkness and protection and invaded it with their cruel light and perfumy smells. The prisoner felt a foot kick her in the side and she fell over with a small thud. "Pathetic…Disgusting…Foul. I can see why you didn't want to rape her. If I even had to touch such a thing I would gag." She cringed, hearing the word 'rape'. No! In all her time here, not once had they done that! Not now, not now. She lost everything, her family, her home, her life, her beauty, her voice, her dignity. At least there was one thing they could leave her with, and that was her virginity. Her virginity, it was all she had left from her life! "I refuse to touch that thing until it is clean. Take her back to my mansion. Hand her over to Slave Number One and give her these detailed directions." He handed the men a letter. "And boys…do not touch my slaves again without my permission." With that, the familiar man turned on his heel and left, and as she watched him go, Ginny realized who it was. Lucius Malfoy. x x x x x x x x x x x x x x Alexandria sang lightly as she cooked. She loved to sing. She was not well educated, had only spent three years in Hogwarts, she was not mannered or beautiful, but the girl could do one thing perfectly, amazingly, wonderfully, and that was sing. She currently was singing and heating the left over dinner for her and the other slaves. It was quite a large meal, the Malfoys always had extra food, seeing as they insisted on seven course meals daily, and despite the fact that the Malfoys owned over twenty slaves, not including their house elves, she knew it would be enough food to feed them all. That was one advantage of being a slave for the Malfoys; everyone got fed,