This is my first story so I would love criticism. This is pretty much a series of Percy fucking different girls at different times in the series. This is RATED M for Adult Pornography. You have been warned. DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON, BUT I DO OWN THIS STORY (Calypso's Island: Battle of the Labyrinth) (At this point, Percy has never seen a girl naked and has no idea what sex is) Calypso's P.O.V It had been three days since he had landed on her island, and Calypso was already in love. She sat in her chair and looked at his face. Why were the fates so cruel? How could she not love him, he was gorgeous. When she dragged him out of the water onto the beach, the first thing she noticed is how muscular he was. He couldn't have been that old maybe 15 or 16, but he was built like a warrior, his whole body. She had trouble even sowing clothes for him since he was so big, and he was big in another way. She tried not to let her eyes wander, but they would still would work their way down and stop at his hips. When she had taken measurements for his clothes she had accidently aroused him (well how else would she had made the clothes the right size? I mean seriously, she found him with burnt clothes, that she would've taken off of him) making him as hard as a rock. He was a good 6-7 inches (there aren't going to be 10-11 inch cocks. That's not even realistic. The average cock size is about 6 inches. It's pretty rare to even be 8 or more) and pretty thick. It took all Calypso's power to not fuck him then and there. What? She hadn't had sex in almost 1,000 years, and she was horny as fuck because of it. Calypso shook her head, and looked to see if he had awoken. As she stared at his face she took in his features. His messy black hair, his long eye lashes, his nice dick. Wait what? Stupid hormones. She sighed. If Percy wasn't going to stay with her, then she would have as much of him as she could before he left. Percy's P.O.V (1 week later) Percy loved it here. Who wouldn't? I mean you didn't have to do any work, and you could walk around the island without being mauled by monsters. Food was made by magic servants, and he could explore the cave rooms and always find something new. There was also Calypso. Calypso was beautiful with her almond-brown eyes, her pouty lips, and her hair that always smelled like cinnamon. He felt free, and yet, there was something that he was supposed to do, but he couldn't put his finger on it. He hopped out of bed and put his clothes on and looked in the mirror. He wasn't as bad as when he had first came, but he was still unusually thin. He sighed. When he got back, he'd probly have to eat ambrosia for a week. Where had that come from? He tried to remember. Why did he need to go back? Whatever it was, the camp could handle it without him. Percy looked at the light coming in through the top of the cave. He had woken up earlier than usual. Even though it was hard to tell how days worked, he still had a sleep schedule, and his schedule said it was time for breakfast. His stomach growled in agreement. He began walking through the cave, past the sowing room, past the bathroom, past Calypso's room. Wait was she singing? He backed up and put his ear up to the door. As he listened he started leaning against the door. Her voice was beautiful. He closed his eyes and leaned heavily on the door. Calypso was about to finish the word when Percy fell into the room. He hit the ground with a thud. He looked up and saw Calypso standing there, looking down at him, a little confused, but that's not what bothered Percy. The problem was Calypso was completely naked. Percy looked at her chest and took in her cleavage. Her boobs where smaller than he had thought. He felt himself getting hard and cursed himself but he kept looking. His eyes slowly worked their way down until they stopped at her pelvic section. What was he looking at? He knew girls didn't have penises, but what he saw made his brain turn to mush. Percy said something really intelligent like "uhhh" as he gazed upon her body. Calypso snapped out of her shock and tried covering herself with her hands. She was as red as a tomato. She screamed "ah! Get out! Get out!" with a horrified look on her face. "Sorry!" Percy said as he got off the ground and ran out the door right into the wall. He shook his head, and kept running until he was back to where he slept. He sat on his bed and thought about what he had seen. He was so lost. It made no sense to him. He and his mom had never really talked about the body. I mean sure his mom had brought up stuff about changes in his body, and hormones, but they hadn't gone over female anatomy. The one time in school they were going to learn it he had run out of his health class to go deal with monsters the day his classmates had gone over it. At the time he was grateful, now he wish he had stayed after class, witch scarred him. No one wants to stay after class. Calypso's P.O.V After Percy had left the room, Calypso relaxed and sat on her bed. Gods, that was scary. She thought about the way he had looked at her, disoriented and confused, and shocked. She had been too. As he had looked at her pussy, she felt kind of aroused, and kinda wished he had stayed there forever. As he had ran out of the room, Calypso recognized the boner he had gotten. So Percy thought she was sexy. Clearly Percy didn't know anything about sex. Calypso smiled and went to work as she began sowing herself some special clothes, just for Percy. When she was done, she was proud of her work. She slipped them on and put a white sleeveless dress over it that was easily removable and way to small. She walked to Percy's room and saw him sitting on his bed deep in thought. "Percy?" He looked at her startled "Yeah?" He sounded scared and Calypso had to try hard not to smile. He probly thought he was going to be killed, and used as food for the birds. "I'm sorry about freaking out at you. Can you um, come with me so we can talk?" Percy gulped and stood up slowly "Sure…" Calypso worked her way back to her room and took a deep breath. This would either be humiliating, or god fucking amazing. Percy's P.O.V. As Percy followed her back to her room, he started to sweat. What was Calypso going to do to him? Turn him into dirt for her plants? Make him walk around naked to get even? Or gods forbid, make him have to sow his own clothes. He looked at his feet. They had stopped walking. He looked up and saw Calypso standing in front of him with a smirk on her face. "Percy you seemed a little confused when you saw me, like my body was confusing. Would you like me to explain it to you?" Percy gulped. The way she smiled made him jittery. Then again, Calypso was going to personally explain what he saw, which would be easier then asking his mom. Percy looked down at his pants and saw his erection that was clearly visible and then looked back up at Calypso. "Yes please." Calypso's smile grew as she strode up to Percy and pulled him to the edge of her bed. Percy stood in front of her, looking at Calypso smiling proudly with a glint in her eyes. She slowly pulled some pins to her dress and Percy looked at her awestruck as her dress fell to the ground. She was wearing a white lacy bra and white lacey thong that covered her pussy but showed off her ass and her curves. "My face is up here Percy. Instead of just telling you about it, I thought I would show you a woman's body, and every little secret to it. Also I want this to be fun for both of us, me and your little friend there." She said as she put her hand on Percy's growing erection. Calypso put her arms behind her back and unhooked her bra. Percy stared at her boobs with wonder. He slowly reached out his arms to touch them, and then pulled back. "No its ok go ahead." Percy reached back out and grabbed onto her boobs. They were softer than he had thought. He squeezed them and put his face up to them. "These are boobs. My guess is you already know what they are but I'll teach you a little more about them. Boobs are where girls carry milk to feed babies, but they also give us pleasure when people touch them like you just did. It also feels good when people suck and lick them." She shoved her boobs in Percy's face. Percy slowly sucked her left boob and kept keening the right. Calypso let out an involuntary moan as he tweaked her nipple. Her boobs felt so good in his mouth. He switched and put the other boob in his mouth and began sucking. He decided to take a chance and bit down on her nipple. Calypso moaned in pleasure and he was sure he had tasted milk. "That was nice. Let me return the favor. She took off Percy's shirt and slid his shorts and boxers down revealing his fully erect 7 inch cock. Calypso licked her lips. He was bigger than Odysseus. "What I'm about to give you is called a blow job." Percy watched as she slowly put his cock in her mouth. She began sucking on the tip of his cock and slowly moving her head down his shaft. Percy moaned in pleasure. This felt amazing! He could feel her tongue going up and down. She started bobbing faster and Percy thought he might scream. He felt muscles in his cock tense up. gods, this was amazing. Calypso shoved his entire cock in her mouth, all seven inches, as she began to deep throat him. He could feel her throat muscles tightening around his cock. Calypso gaged as she did so. The muscles in Percy's cock got unusually tight when he then loosened as he cummed down Calypso's throat. Calypso gulped it down then took Percy's cock out of her mouth. "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to I ju-" "Percy it's ok. That's normal. All you did was cum. You just shot sticky stuff down my throat. It tasted pretty good actually. Cum is what has to be combined with an egg that I have inside my body to make a baby." Calypso looked at Percy's cock "looks like we won't be able to fuck until you've recharged, but that's ok. Now I can show you the rest of me. Calypso turned around and wiggled her ass in front of Percy "Obviously you recognize this part of my body. You remember when your parents used to spank you for being noddy? I want you to spank me. Hard." "Wait, you want me to spank you because you're "natty?" "I'm a very natty girl." With that Percy slapped her ass with a loud clap. "Percy, Again. Again!" Percy slapped her ass harder and began to pick up speed. He began smacking her ass