The world was not always sunshine and rainbows even though every country did their best to make it seem that way. There were always things that no one understood and that the newsrooms didn't cover that really brought a dark light to the lives of humanity. The world had a way of maintaining balance through war and destruction and although there were rules each and every country was meant to follow, there was always a country with bigger better weapons ready to destroy the other. That was when KRATOS stepped in- funny really that our mercenary group was named after the Greek god of Power, but that's what we were. We were the group that stepped in when the weaker side needed help. We would let another Nation attack us and would only interfere in the conflict of other nations when the innocent were being attacked, or if the balance of the world was in jeopardy. -V- "Bella?" I woke up to the most beautiful man staring at me, his crooked smirk dazzling me all the way into pre-wakeup coma. His sculpted chest, his soft lips, and his lustful gaze all belonged to me. Hard to believe I was lucky enough to have this man in my life after what I had done. I decided not to answer him with words and simply snuggled my head into his chest and wrapped my arms around him, receiving that reaction of laughter I always enjoyed. "I have to leave now love," he stated giving me a soft kiss on the forehead. I looked up to see him run a hand through his unruly golden hair, "I'll see you when I get home, so please get some sleep, you said you have been feeling quite tired recently, and I don't want to see you sick." I instantly felt guilty at his concern. Edward Cullen, my boyfriend of three years, had absolutely no idea what I did, or who I really was. That alone was enough to leave me with insomnia. "I love you," I replied softly hearing his reply back. It was true; I did love Edward, -The Edward Cullen. Sexiest doctor in the entire world, next to his father of course (Carlisle was definitely dreamy in an older way). I could spout out everything, his blood type, allergies, underwear size, number of dimples, and yet what he knew about me was relatively secret. There were things that would put him in danger if he knew about them. " You'll open up to me one day." I hoped that one-day, I would have the courage too. I pulled myself from my bed with a sigh and proceeded with the daily routine. Teeth brushed, hair in a high ponytail, minimal make-up and of course a white collared shirt and black pants. I tried my best to get to work on time but today was turning out to be a particularly bad day in the Bella Swan department. The forecast included two cups of spilled coffee and a pissed off superior due to my ability to end up late because the Coffee Wave was overflowing with patrons. "Next time you're out on a caffeine run Swan, make sure you pay attention." "Of course Sir!" I responded with a grin hearing what I would've mistaken for teenage giggles, if I didn't know the two culprits. "Jeez Bells, you really put the commander in a bad mood." Emmett Joseph McCarty, age twenty nine, blood type O negative, currently sharing affections with Rosalie Hale, of the mechanics division, job name URZU7, Lieutenant Commander in KRATOS. Emmett was known as Mr. Muscles. Standing a tall six foot three inches he was a giant compared to most of the other mercenaries here. He had dark hair and green eyes that gave the perfect puppy-dog look when he wanted something. Emmett was like the big brother I never had, and was always there giving me shit when I screwed up, and laughing at me when I was a klutz, which happened to be a regular occurrence. "I wouldn't piss her off if I was you Emmett, we all know what happens when our sweet little Isabella turns from Bruce Banner into the Hulk." Jasper Louis Whitlock, age twenty nine, blood type AB positive, married to the notorious pixie Alice Whitlock- formerly Cullen- younger sister to Edward Cullen, job name URZU5, Commander in KRATOS. Jasper joined KRATOS only seven years ago, when his battalion had been shot down in Eastern Europe. He had blonde hair and blue eyes and stood slightly shorter than Emmett at six feet even. He was the only survivor from his group, and after questioning the government's military motives Jasper decided to try and put an end to terrorist organizations with his skills as a soldier. He was also the best Commanding officer a soldier could have. "Very funny you two, but don't you think that since the captain won't explain the mission to me, something about not showing up on time and trying to teach me a lesson," I mumbled the last bit, "that you should maybe debrief your favourite mercenary?" I gave them my biggest smile, one that was full of sarcasm from one end to the other as Emmett wrapped his big bulky arm around my shoulder. "Someone's anxious to get back to her man." "You would be too, if you were under the same circumstances that I am." I crossed my arms over my chest and pouted like I was in grade school. "You know Bella; you're going to have to tell him sooner or later. Edward isn't stupid he's only going to believe the entrepreneur shit for a little while longer before things seem off, not to mention he has the all knowing Alice as a sister," I nodded slowly sighing in defeat. "Listen, I know Alice won't tell him anything, but at the same time, wouldn't it be easier on all of us? Then we could get past all the secrets? It's hard having to make up stories every time you're sent to his ER or come home with a new bruise." "Jazz here is right, Eddie is only going to believe you fell down the stairs so many times, before he starts to get curious, or puts you in a giant bubble." "I know you guys are right but I need time to think of how to be even bring this subject up. I just feel that he's safer this way. Being who I am-" "Everyone worries about their loved ones Belly. I even work in the same facility as Rose and I am always afraid something is going to happen. Which is why you have to live your life to the fullest every day, and the only way to do that is to set the truth free, or some Deepak Chopra shit like that." "Thanks Guru Emmett, but the only way for me to have the chance to do that is to hurry up and get this mission over with so I can spend some time with my man," I countered. "I believe I can help with that." I turned saluting with my right hand and stood at attention, something that my superior rolled his eyes at. "You are all much too serious." "Captain Marcus Sir!" Marcus Volturi was known as one of the big three and was one of the founders of KRATOS. He was the also the very reason I was even here, and likely the only reason I was still alive. He was older but no one was sure of his age, he still had dark hair and a medium build. He pointed to a small table in his office and motioned for us to sit down. I couldn't help but stare at the small folder in his hands, and hearing him clear his throat made me feel like a kid who got caught with their hand in the cookie jar. "It seems you are a little bit anxious Swan." "My apologies Sir." He shook his hand as if to say there was no reason for me to apologize. "We had some information sent to us from one of our spy satellites, showing that Kazakhstan was harbouring nuclear weapons and possibly other forms of nuclear technology. We are also led to believe that the terrorist group known as Half-Life is behind it." "So all we need to do is bust in there and kick some Kazakhstan ass right?" Emmett stated crushing his fist into his open palm. "I am afraid it may not be so easy Mr. McCarty." "Half-Life also had previous encounters with biochemistry projects against many countries as well right?" I looked at Jasper and then back at Marcus who was nodding in agreement. Biochemical warfare was nothing to fuck with. "It's because of this that we must be particularly careful about how the plan is executed. If the plant becomes even remotely damaged, then we must make sure that everything is torched, there mustn't be any room for reaction." "But at the same time, unless we have an exact location of the nuclear site, there is a chance they could go off as well. We also don't know the full extent of their military forces or who their supplier is do we?" The Captain shook his head as the three of us sighed. "Is there any way we can get our hands on that information? Don't y'all have any files that can give us a better understandin' of what we're dealing with?" Jasper's southern accent always tended to pop out when he got emotional about missions. "Maybe there is," I muttered causing three sets of testosterone filled eyes to look at me. "I thought that KRATOS had stationed the Alaska faction in that area for research a few months ago. At least, that's what the file said..." "Thank god someone around here pays attention!" Emmett raised a fist that he obviously expected me to 'pound', but assuming that would be less than appropriate in front of a superior officer such as a the Captain I simply 'left him hanging'. "Yes it would appear as though Lieutenant Commander Swan has been paying close attention. However they were pulled out a few days ago." Shit. I was caught. "And as much as I would like to reprimand her for snooping through classified information, it happened to be quite helpful perhaps they have some information we could use. Just make sure it doesn't happen again okay?" "Affirmative Sir!" Marcus handed the three of us a small bundle of paper before clearing his throat. "Read through this and make sure you know the place inside and out. The Drumman will be heading out at the scheduled time where you will be equipped with the proper equipment. It shouldn't take more than seven hours to complete the mission and two to arrive at your destination. Remember what KRATOS stands for soldiers, be the power these nations need." "Yes Sir!" We rang out in chorus as Marcus left. "Who knew that little miss goody-good here would actually go through the classified information belonging to KRATOS?" Emmett laughed. "When I do my job, I do it well." I retorted sipping what was last of my coffee that I hadn't managed to spill. "I bet Edward appreciates that," Emmett snickered as he high fived Jasper. "Uh-huh, laugh it up you two, but what goes on in my bedroom is for Edward and I to know and you to never find out." "Don't go prudish on us Bells we're just joking. Besides, we're friends, and friends joke about this kind of stuff." "Remind me why I am friends with you again?" I asked as the three of us proceeded to walk down the narrow submarine hallway. "Because you-" "Love us." Jasper finished. "Okay you two have obviously been hanging out to much. You're even finishing each other's sentences." "So see you at dinner Bells?" "You know Alice, she will kill me if I