Chapter 1: Rich Beginnings Um, hello. My name is Katie. I don't ask for much, just little things. 1. Please don't be really rude and add negative comments. It lowers my self-esteem, and I'm still kind of skeptical about this entire story writing thing... 2. If you see any mistakes, and wish for me to change it, you're free to PM me anytime. I might not respond right away, but I will eventually. I check once or twice a day, so I'll see it soon. 3. Please don't plagarize, okay? I don't want to put you on the blacklist and like, call you out and put you on blast. Please save yourself the trouble of getting in...well, trouble. 4. That's pretty much it. Anyways, feel free to run rampant on this story! Read as much as you want, and I'll see you...somewhere! I never expected life to be like this. There were times where the pain of loss was unbearable; my heart was being ripped to shreds and I didn't even know. I'm generally strong girl. I didn't even cry when my mother left our family to fend for ourselves. Or when Grandpa died. I hadn't even flinched when I realized I had practically no one but myself and two others for comfort in this unforgiving world. Except for one thing. Except for someone. You know, things were supposed to be the norm. I'd get a husband that loves me, children that will do the same, we'd have a steady income going, and, best of all, I'd be happy. I was certain of my destiny, and had learned to accept it at a very young age. My life was laid out perfectly right before my eyes. Until, of course, Sophomore Year. My life spiraled down into the gutter like water draining out of a bathtub faster than you can say, "Look at it sink." Lord, things banked left, not right, as fast as lightning. All because of one person. The least likely candidate for anything. And their name is - Piper's POV: "I'm going to bed now. I need to get some sleep before I wind up in the hospital because of exhaustion." Annabeth and Thalia nodded understandingly. Together, they smiled and waved happily. "Don't die while you're in your slumber!" Thalia cheerfully commented. We both gave her a crazed look, to which the teenage girl blinked innocently, although it completely contradicted her punk/goth look she rocked all the time. "What? It's true!" "And unnecessary. Night guys." "Night." I switched off Skype, shutting the laptop and clambering towards my bed, which looked undeniably inviting at this moment. Smiling a little, I straightened the hem of my pajamas and burrowed under the covers, allowing sleep to engulf me. "H-Hel…H-Hello?" I peered through the door. Inside, it felt warm and safe. Fit for two. At the far end was a square of pure white, which was possibly the exit out of this crazy place. But no need to judge first - what is this place? After all, this could be something possibly good. Brightly lit, the sky above was a brilliant azul, cloudless and centered around a fiery ball of luminescence - a sun. It radiated heat, beckoning at me to come closer. And I did just that. Trusting the gooey and unfamiliar fluttering in my chest, I stepped forward cautiously. After all, I was new here. Wasn't I? The walls were coated with an impeccable eggshell white, with a couple of screens here and there, and with people on them. It was a first person view of a man and…a person. His face was thoroughly blurred, however, so I couldn't make out the tiny details. A flash of corn silk here, a circle of some shade of blue there. I was baffled. Is this a dream? Because it seemed to have some unforgettable characters here. He face though…when a flash of pink moved upwards, it revealed a strip of white. Intrigued, I reached forward and caressed the board. It was warm and inviting, and I felt my heart skip a beat looking at him. Even with the poor quality, I could automatically tell who it was. I just wish he would look at me like that. Nonetheless, my mind is pretty faultless at imagining such vivid dreams, like this one here. A staircase appeared in front of me, causing me to jump back. It grew upwards like a beanstalk plant, waiting for me to trust it. Suspiciously, I tapped the railing. It didn't move. Narrowing my eyes, I took one small step onto the first stair. The edges folded and turned into an elevated escalator, carrying to the bright ceiling. Without warning, it came to a stop, seemingly reaching its destination. I smiled unconsciously once I came face to face with him . He flashed that breathtaking grin again, and the gulp of air I was taking got caught in my throat. He let out a melodic laugh, which tickled my ears pleasantly, before he reached out with his arm, extending his open hand towards me. Without thinking, I take his hand. Well, at least, try to. As if he was some sort of apparition, his hand dissolved right when I touched it. Scared, I pulled back and looked up at his ever so cheery expression, and blinked several times. When I looked down again, his hand was there. I outstretched my hand, but didn't make any more sudden movements. His countenance screamed encouragement, but I was skeptical. Smiling, he nodded his head. I gulped and moved a bit forward. This time, his large hand engulfed mine and he tugged me along the white sidewalk, leaving the escalator behind by itself. Hand in hand, he chuckled and did adorable little actions, like move and tilt his head so he looked at me carefully, rub his thumb on the back of my hand ever so subtly, or reach up and run his fingers through my hair. Even though they were mere gestures, every touch made my heartbeat fluctuate at an unsafe pace. We stopped in the middle of the room, between the two doors. He stared down at me, grinning a little bit wider now. He leaned forward, and my breath hitched. Is this my first kiss? Slowly, I copied his movements, closing my eyes and moving my head forward. I felt something brush my lips before someone hit a light switch. When I no longer felt a weight in front of me and helping me stay upright, I gasped and accidentally fell a much longer distance than I expected, landing gracefully onto my stomach. With the magic gone, I groaned, clutched my abdomen in pain, and got to my knees slowly while surveying the land. What the… Where is everything?! The sun, the sky, the screens…they're… Gone. Even the path that was underneath my feet has just…left. I struggled to push myself up with the wound throbbing in my gut. "Hey! Are you still here?" Did I mention that he magically disappeared too? "Hey! Where are you?! Are you just going to leave me here, all alone?" I walked down a small path floating over the endless inky abyss. To my left, darkness. To my right, the same as well. An expanse of a canvas of night sky wrapped me tightly, only without the comfort of twinkling diamonds nor Luna pendulously hanging as it trekked across the sky. I checked behind myself, from where I came. There wasn't an exit anymore. I panicked and ran towards the edge, only to get pushed back by an invisible wall of some sort. No. I pushed myself back. But how? Tentatively, I inched forward. But with every single step I took, I was forced to move two steps back. And when I tried to forcefully push my way through, a force field blocked me off. Squinting as hard as I possibly can, I make out a small dot of fire light in the distance, and almost immediately I knew it was my egress. The only thing that stood between my ticket out of here and I was, well, myself. Oh - and this invisible barrier. "Come back!" I cried, pushing against the transparent wall. "I'm stuck, help me!" No response. "I need you help. Just…just come and lead me away from this place!" … The anxiousness tightened and constricted my body. "Please! Don't…Don't leave me here!" I slid down to the floor, sobbing. The once thermic pavement was now cold as ice; the chill bit at my skin harshly. "Where'd you go…" A feeling of forever hope and hollowness was dumped into my veins, which was shipped to my heart. Jason… Don't leave me here. Is this what love is? An abyss? … … … …bing. …bing. Bing… Bing! Bing! Bing! Gasping, I sat up with a chime from my phone. From Thalia: Crap! I'm late. Can you pick Jason and I up for a ride to school? Not good! I just woke up. To Thalia: All right. Be there in ten. My mind was churning by the time I forced myself out of bed and slipped off the edge of the mattress. I can't believe I had another one of those dreams again. Maybe...Maybe I might tell Annabeth or Thalia. But that's a huge maybe. I changed into an old snowboard jacket and ripped denim jeans, braided my choppy chocolate hair in random places, grabbed an apple and my keys, and headed out the door. Thalia's house wasn't that far from us; she lived in the same rich district as the McLean residence. Knowing the route by heart, I pulled out of the driveway and scrambled to recollect myself by the time I got there. I took a quick breather by rolling down the driver's windowpane and letting the wind blow my hair around like crazy. That dream again...is it trying to tell me something? About what? About love? I mean, it's a possibility. He was in the dream. Nah. Love is practically a foreign object in my life. The thing I share with Annabeth and Thalia is a sisterly bond, not love. And plus - they're not boys, so they're automatically out of the picture. My dad is always somewhere on another continent prancing around and shooting some blockbuster movie. And my mom...let's just not go there, okay? So my mind can't conjure something that complex without any past experiences. Before long, I arrived at Thalia's block, parking the car in front of her house but leaving the engine running. Impatient, I honked the car horn several times, scaring anyone within a two-mile radius out of their wits. "All right, all right! God!" She yanks open the door to her mansion while dragging her twin brother to the car. She got into my silver Audi and closed the door with such force that I jumped in my seat. "Go go go! We have like, ten minutes before the late bell rings!" The drive was relatively quiet, since Jason was there. And it was especially awkward as I had remembered the dream I had with him. Ducking forward, I hid my face among the several braids in my hair as a means of hiding the rising blush on my face. Thalia noticed, however, and smirked, but I shot her a glare so she wouldn't point it out and make a big deal about it. But she knew what was up and said nothing, much to my relief. He fiddled with the ends of his military-cropped hair, pushing the top back and forth in front of a mirror. Oh god no - Jason, no matter what, it's the inside that counts, not the outside. If people had x-ray machines that could read the minds and personalities of one's real self, this...this alien would come up to the equivalent of a sack of garbage I leave on the side of the road every week for the dumpster truck. But let's get down to the root