Authors Note: Hi Y'all, this is my first story on Fanfiction, so sorry for all the mistakes I should really find a Beta so if your interested the PM me. But anywhoo thanks for actually clicking on my story. I know what it is like to be a reader and just love a story so I really hope you like this one. Enjoy! "Start, you damn piece of shit!" Katniss yelled while hitting the steering wheel repeatedly, and pushing on the gas pedal. The truck makes a loud ticking sound but does not move. She looks out the windshield and can see the heat radiating off the asphalt of the long barren road somewhere in the middle of Nevada. She put her head on the steering wheel and groaned, "God damn it. Of course this would happen to me." She grabbed her black sunglasses and phone and got out of her old rusty blue Pickup truck. She put her sunglasses on and her phone in her back pocket. She closed her the door and stomped over to the hood and lifted it up, a burst of black fumes hit her face. She put her head on the steering wheel and groaned, "God damn it. Of course this would happen to me." She grabbed her black sunglasses and phone and got out of her old rusty blue Pickup truck. She put her sunglasses on and her phone in her back pocket. She closed her the door and stomped over to the hood and lifted it up, a burst of black fumes hit her face. "Shit!" She automatically starts choking from the fumes that was invading her lungs. She quickly slams the hood shut and backs away, trying to get her breath back. She finally catches her breath and looks back down the road she just was on. There was nothing. She blows some hair that escaped from her braid out of her face and wipes the sweat from her forehead. It was at least twelve in the afternoon and 110 degrees outside and she was in the middle of nowhere with a truck full of all her belonging. At least her choice of clothing consisted of a dark green tank top, some blue jean shorts and a pair of black cheap flip flops. At that moment, Katniss misses her life up in Organ. Where it barely ever got unbearably hot like this. She paces back and forth in front of her truck trying to figure out what to do. Then remembered she has Triple A. She did a little victory dance in her head. Katniss silently thanked her sister for taking her into getting it. She smiles, remembering her sister tell her it was 'worth it' and ' you'll thank me later, watch '. She pulled out her old flip phone from her back pocket and got back into the truck. She flipped open the phone and saw the flashing 'No Signal' at the corner of the screen. "Fuck my life.", she grumbled and slammed her phone shut and threw it on the dashboard. She considered her options for a minute. She could wait around for somebody to drive by. But there was always that possibility that that person driving on this barren road, would just happen to be a serial killer with a dead victim in the back of his or her car. Or just start walking to the gas station that was like twenty or so miles back. "I guess I'm going to the gas station." She sighed, "but, hey a little walking never hurt me before." She stops and starts laughing at herself. "I'm fucking talking to myself. Great." She stop laughing and looks down at her feet and frowns slightly. Katniss took off her cheap flimsy flip flops and throws them in the passenger seat and opens up her suitcase that was on the floor next to her and digs through it and grabs out her old marred up converse and a pair of black socks. She shoves her flip flops into the suitcase and puts on her shoes. Taking the keys out of the ignition and grabbing her purse and a few bottles of water from an ice chest that was right next to the suitcase. She got out of the car and slammed the old door shut, making sure to kick the back tire for good measure before she starts walking the direction she just came. She had been walking for about twenty minutes and was already tired, hot, and fatigued, not have eaten since she stopped at a local diner about three or four hours ago. When a white truck came into view in the horizon. Her plan was to just ignore the truck and keep on walking not wanting to interact with anyone. So Katniss just keeps walking forward, trying to pretend that the truck that is getting closer and closer does not exist. But to her dismay the truck pulled up in front of her. And parked. She looked around and then at the drivers door. Waiting to see if a weird old guy would jump out of the car and kill her with a bat or something. But to her surprise, a tall curly haired blonde man jumps out of the car and her mouth gets automatically drier than it already was from the heat. And all the air in her lungs is suddenly gone. He is absolutely gorgeous. His strong jawline, his wide shoulders, muscular strong arms, and what she could tell from his gray cargo shorts, that his calf muscles looked like angels sculpted them. Along with the cargo shorts, he had just a plain light blue tee, and a pair of chucks. She couldn't see his eye's because they were covered by a pair of aviators. He gave her a hundred watt smile as he walked up to her. She could see his lips moving but too far gone ogling his body to care what he was actually saying . The man pushed his sunglasses to the top of his head so she could finally look him in the eyes. Even though he was squinting from the brightness of the sun, she could see his eyes. They were the bluest color she had ever seen in her life. They looked like if the sky and ocean mixed together, they were the most breathtaking eyes she's ever seen probably in her life. And all the sudden she was picturing this stranger looking into her eyes as they're completely naked and he is on top of her thrusting into her as she screams in pleasure. ' Where the fuck did that come from ?', She wondered. She could feel a blush rising from her chest to her neck. She silently prayed that he didn't notice, and if he did, think it was from the heat. She could see his lips moving but didn't hear any words. "S-sorry what." She remarked nervously, shaking her head slightly to clear some of the thoughts from her head. The man laughed, then replied, "I said are you okay? You look a little frazzled." Katniss cleared her throat, "Oh! Me? I'm fine!" She very loudly replied. He gave her a strange look. But kept on smiling. "I'm fine." She says softer. Katniss could feel the burning of her cheeks from the embarrassment. Hoping to god he thinks it was from the heat and not how much he is affecting her. "So what are you doing out here in the middle of nowhere?", He asked. "M-my car. It broke down. And I don't have a phone signal." She says quietly. "I'm sorry what?" He put his hand to his ear. "I said", she cleared her throat. "My car. It broke down. And my phone has no signal. "She replies louder. "But why are you walking?"He questioned her. "In this heat especially." "I'm going down to the gas station that's like twenty mile back. " "Oh well then… you need a ride." He stated with a smile as he wiped the sweat off his forehead. She licked her now very dry lips and replies, "No. No I'm fine it's just a little walk." She continues, "Plus you'd be going the opposite way you were headed. " "Oh, but here's the thing, I wasn't asking. It's too hot out to be walking out on this road." He tells her. Then his face cringed with embarrassment. "That sounded creepy. Who says that 'I wasn't asking'. I'm sorry let's start over." He walks back over to his truck and opens and then closes the door and walks back up to her. "Hi my name is Peeta Mellark, and you look a little stranded." He says flashing his jaw dropping smile and sticking his hand out. ' Mallark. That name sounded familiar .' She ponders in her head. Katniss laughs as she took his surprisingly soft hand with a soft smile and slightly shook it. "I wouldn't say I was exactly stranded but…" There was a long pause. "Oh yeah...right, I'm Katniss. Katniss Everdeen. " She said. She could feel a blush on her cheeks. At the same time they both realize that they're still holding each other's hand. "I'm so-" "Sorry." They both say at the same time. They start laughing from how awkward they both are. " So your name is Katniss? Like the plant?" Peeta asked, tilting his head to the side some. "Yea...nobody usually knows that." She gave him a curious glance. "My Dad. He's a baker and ever since I was a kid, he's had this huge book of plants and flowers under the decorating station. And one day, when it was a slow day at the bakery I just started flipping through it and the only plant that I remember was a Katniss flower. It was simple but beautiful. " He says with a huge smile and a wink. She automatically blushes. "I'm sorry, I talk way too much." He said bashfully. "Its okay." She replied. Then there was a long awkward silence. They both looked around, then at each other hoping someone would say something Finally Peeta broke the silence,"Alright then, now that we got the awkward silence out of the way, and hey look we're not ever in the car, lucky us." He paused. "Anyway, where you headed to again?" "Um... I really don't know. I was just going to go to the gas station and see if I could use a telephone and find a tow truck or something." She rushed out. "Well the last station I saw was at least twenty miles back, so let's get going then." He said as he claps his hands together and then pushes his sunglasses back to rest on the bridge of his nose. He starts walking over to the passenger side of his truck, she can't help but look at his superb ass as he walks. ' I wonder what it would feel like to grab? ' She questions in her head. He looked over his shoulder at her, "Come on I don't bite." She blushes even though he can't see her eyes she quickly adverts them from his perfect ass. She walked over slowly and sees that he's already there waiting with door open for her. She gave him a curious glance as he holds out his hand to help her in the truck. She shrugs and takes his soft but ruff hand and climbs into the truck. Once her door is closed, she puts her purse on the floor by her feet and looked around the inside of the car as Peeta walked around to the driver side. The white truck was a newer model and was very clean other than a few CD cases, a car charger for a phone or something, a pair of Rayban sunglasses, and a half full water bottle in the cup holder. There was a back seat that had a sweater and what looked like to