A/N: My entry for the Beneath the Mistletoe Contest. ! Wishing you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ! *2015* Obviously I don't own Twilight; the only thing I own is this plotline as it is a combination of real life and some wishfull thinking ;-) A big thank you to Abby Weyr for beta'ing. Sidenote: a short explanation of two drinks that are apparently typical Belgian (and Netherlands, European). I didn't even know that before writing this story, lol. Gluhwein = an alcoholic drink, contains either heated white or red wine mixed with cinnamon, clove, star anise (?) and peels of citrus. It might be sweetened with sugar or honey. It is drink that is consumed while still hot/warm. Very popular around Christmastime Jenever: a liquor Bella was mumbling in displeasure as she stared at her cellphone. She had just received a text from her friend that she was suppose to meet up with in half an hour. They were going to a Christmas Fair and afterwards catch a movie if they felt up to it. There was a new movie that they really wanted to see but if they enjoyed themselves enough at the fair they would stay there. Well, more like linger at the different stands that offered drinks and the pubs, Bella knew her friend well enough that that would be the case if they stayed at the fair. "Of course, I should have known she would pull a stunt like that, again," Bella grumbled. Her friend Rosalie had just texted her to let her know she would be later and she would bring her boyfriend. Bella groaned. It was almost always the same. It seemed Rosalie could go nowhere without her love. She and Emmett had been together for 5 years, yet they still went everywhere together, even if it was supposed to be a girlstrip. Bella really wanted to just enjoy and talk with Rosalie about things but with Emmett there, Rosalie seemed more preoccupied with him. Bella sighed as she could already see it unfolding. Her friend and her boyfriend argued and got into heated discussions a lot. More precise it seemed to be the only way they communicated. Bella often thought they would have a serious shouting match or a huge fight next, but Rosalie assured her it was just how they were. They loved each other very much and that bickering and arguing was perfectly normal. Still, Bella was not too pleased with her friend. Especially that now she would be the odd one out again. She put her cellphone away and promised herself to see it out and if nothing else she could peruse the stands, soak in the Christmas music and enjoy other's cheery mood. In case she needed it she could get a few cups of punch and other beverages as well. With one last look in the mirror, some finishing touches to her light make-up she deemed herself ready. She didn't really feel comfortable with make-up on but Rosalie had told her a little bit wouldn't hurt. So with great concentration, Bella had spent almost an hour in trying to get it just right. As it had been snowing earlier she had put on a wintercoat and some snowresistant boots. No doubt the main roads would have been cleared and Bella didn't want her beautiful leatherboots to be ruined by the salt eating at them. Almost thirty minutes later she heard a car honk and she made her way outside, grabbing her purse as she passed it. The cold assaulted her as soon as she stepped outside. It was definitely winter alright. She was careful as she strode to her friend's car. It would be so her to slip and land on her butt in the middle of the sidewalk in full view. Thankfully she made it without making a scene. "Hello Bella, ready for some fun?" Rosalie sat behind the wheel. "Hey Bella," Emmett grinned. "Hey guys, yep, sure, let's go." Bella nodded firmly, willing herself to let go of her annoyance towards Rosalie. "Look who's all excited. Don't worry, Bella. We'll get there and we have plenty of time," Rosalie laughed. Bella was glad that she managed to sound so convincing that they believed her cheerfulness. The rest of the ride was filled with pleasant conversation and when Emmett started messing with the radio they all laughed. "Seriously, Rose, you really want to keep listening to this everyday popsong stationl? It's Christmas, we need Christmassongs!" Emmett exclaimed with fake mockery in his voice. "Come on, Rose, sing with me: Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle bells rock…" Bella got into it. "Go Bella!" Emmett butted in and started singing along, admittedly a bit with false notes… Okay very false notes. It didn't take long before they had sung a few songs. When they stopped at a red light they sang at the top of their lungs. The car next to them and the passerby's looked over to where all three of them put on their biggest smiles and gave a silly wave. The reactions only cheering them on as surprisingly every onlooker grinned, clapped or nodded in approval. As the light turned green and they continued they were still laughing. If you didn't know better you would think they were drunk. Finding a parking spot was a hassle, it seems a lot of people were out and about today. After driving around, and some bickering between Rosalie and Emmett, we managed to find a spot. After another few minutes of bickering at the parking meter we got a ticket that let us park for three hours. "Okay, we're all set, let's go and see what this fair has to offer," Rosalie cheered. Bella walked next to the couple who were holding hands. So far Bella was okay. They hadn't begun their typical couple behavior yet and still included her in the conversation. They were talking about the things they saw in the windows that they passed and imagining all the people who bought that stuff. "Omg, can you imagine buying that big wooden moose?" Bella pointed to the wooden moose in the storewindow. It was almost as tall as Bella was and had red ribbons wrapped around it. "Oh I bet Embry and Jake would love that," Emmett grinned while he nudged Rosalie. "Yeah, as a chewing toy you mean. Those dogs would sure have fun with it." Rosalie rolled her eyes. She knew her dogs would demolish it as soon as she got it inside her house. "Well, at least they would have fun with it," Bella giggled. "A bit too expensive though," Rosalie quipped back as she saw the pricetag. "Oh, you're right. Maybe they would have more fun with that?" Emmett asked with a sly smile on his face. Both the girls looked towards where Emmett was pointing and saw a woman with a big woolen hat on. It had fluffy pompoms on top and at the side. Rosalie lightly slapped him, "Emmett," she hissed in warning. They entered the square where the fair was. Stands and wooden stalls where everywhere seemingly placed in a random pattern. The tops where covered with snow and the sides with red and silverycolored ribbons. Here and there was a stand adored with a string of Christmas was blaring through big speakers spread across the square. And this was just what they could see from where they stood at the edge. "Oh, wow… This looks amazing," Bella awed. "It does, doesn't it? Come on," Rosalie stepped forward while tugging on her boyfriend's hand. Bella followed her. They stopped at the first stand which conveniently was a drink stand. They all got a cup, while Bella played it safe and asked for a punch, an alcoholfree drink. "Wuss," Emmett taunted. "What? We just got here. I still have time," Bella defended herself, not liking his reaction. "Yeah, sure," Rosalie muttered under her breath. Bella was irritated by their reaction but decided to stick it out. She wasn't willing to let her mood get sour this soon. They haven't even started strolling around yet. They walked around, looking and browsing at every stall that sold stuff. At some stalls they stopped to just look and other's they discussed possible gifts for friends or family members. After half an hour they all had a bag with gifts for others and stuff for themselves. It hadn't escaped Bella's notice that Rosalie kept checking her phone every few minutes and she started to get annoyed. Couldn't her friend for once leave her phone alone? They disposed of their empty cups in one of the trashcans that had been placed here and there on the square because of the fair. Now the girls had both hands free and it made browsing much easier. Rosalie had ordered Emmett to carry the bags as he 'better made himself useful'. When they came upon a chocolate stand Rosalie wanted to buy some sugar-free ones for her dad. He had diabetes and needed to watch what he ate. Of course it resulted in her arguing with her boyfriend Bella thought sourly. "I'm just going to get a drink, be right back," she muttered as she turned and walked away. She remembered again why she sometimes didn't like her friend. She loved Rosalie, Rosalie had pulled her out of her comfort zone and Bella thanked her for that, but sometimes she felt that Rosalie wasn't aware of how much Bella just wanted to have some girl's time and talk about things. Rosalie was blunt and said what she meant. She didn't think before she said it. And although sometimes she was rude, Bella appreciated it nonetheless, because she knew that Rosalie was always honest. She had asked for Rosalie's advice and opinion before and sometimes Rosalie would call her out or shoot her idea down but she never lied or falsely agreed to something. If Rosalie thought an idea was stupid, she wasn't afraid to say so. Bella neared a drink stand and waited in line, meanwhile letting her frustration ebb away. The joyful people around her and the Christmas carols were very helpful. She even sang along quietly. When someone next to her smiled and joined in, they started singing louder until even the guy serving the drinks sang along. She ordered three cups of punch and made her way back towards the chocolate stand, hoping that Rosalie was done. When she approached however she didn't see them immediately. While it wasn't overly busy it was pretty crowded and with three filled cups in her hands she didn't want to mingle too much. She decided to stand to the side and watch if she could spot them. She saw a lot of people pass by: families, little kids, friends, elderly people, young couples, people by themselves,… It seems everyone was up for some Christmasshopping and sharing in the fairevent. Bella couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness though as she saw the young couples who where obviously very much in love. She had a crush on someone and to feel that crush being one sided still stung sometimes, especially on occasions like these. She was a romantic soul and could imagine herself walking here with her boyfriend, holding hands, him buying her a Christmas ornament, drinking hot chocolate - or a gluhwein in his case maybe. She sighed, her mother had told her she watched too many romantic movies. But what was wrong with dreaming once in a while? This is why she wanted to talk to Rosalie. She needed her friend to give her a figurative kick in the butt to get her mind off of it. With her boyfriend present however, Bella couldn't help but feel a bit betrayed. Rosalie knew of Bella's feeling and her crush was a mutual friend. Bella knew she sounded a bit selfish, and she was happy for Rosalie and Emmett though she wouldn't be able