author's note: This fiction is AU. It is a bit Dark, but not always. When I say Dark, I simply mean that some bad things happen. But it will be sweet as well. This is a love story after all. My characters are probably OOC as well, and for that I apologize to those of you that detest that. Still, I hope whomever does read this, will enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not in any way own part of the Harry Potter franchise, nor did I create any of these fantastic characters; Ms. JK Rowling did. There might be a few OC's, but hopefully they will only add to my storyline. Hermione Granger sat on the edge of her bed and stared out the window at the tree across the street. She thought it might be an elm, but tree species weren't exactly where her strengths lay. It had happened again. She and her parents had been sitting at the dining room table, silent as usual, when her father began speaking in that quiet tone that always inspired fear. The school had called. They told her mother that all of the lights in the auditorium had blown out at the same time. All of the students from Year Five at her Primary School had been in the huge room watching Schindler's List. Hermione had never seen it before and it was heartbreaking. So when all of the lights burst, the educators just automatically thought of her. These days they blamed every little thing on her. William Granger was furious to get that call. He was embarrassed that his child could do such destruction. He was embarrassed that once again her mother had been called, and Helen Granger's work day had been disrupted. William and Helen were dentists. Their clientele consisted of some of the elite of London. They didn't have TIME to constantly be interrupted for these things. William Granger's voice never rose above that quiet rage. "We have tried everything Hermione; exorcism, rebirthing, seclusion… the leather strap. Nothing seems to be able to heal you… rid you of these demons that are causing so much misery to your mother and I." Hermione felt that quiet fear inside her belly start to squirm. Normally he would be yelling by now. And her mother… Helen just sat, staring past Hermione. Hermione gulped, a harsh bubble of air traveling down her throat, feeling sharp and painful. In front of her, the crystal dinner goblet cracked. All three pairs of eyes focused in on the once beautiful glass. "You will leave this table now," William was almost trembling, he was that angry. "You will go to your bedroom and remain there until I come and get you." Hermione moved quickly, not wanting her father to strike out at her physically. So now she sat, waiting for her punishment. She didn't know why these things kept happening. It wasn't logical. People couldn't make things happen with their minds. Ridiculous. But her parents believed that she was doing it. Deep inside… she knew she was doing it. It was almost as if she could feel something fill her up and push outward; sometimes it leaked, sometimes it exploded. They'd loved her once, she thought with a sigh, her thin shoulders folding with despair. Hermione could clearly remember how they would go to the park and play and laugh. She remembered them taking her to movies, and to the mall for new school clothing. When had it changed? She couldn't remember when. Was there a specific point in time that they had stopped loving her? It was obvious they had. The cold, empty eyes that stared at her constantly made it quite evident. Hermione wondered if she should pack some things and go stay at the shelter. She'd done that before, and normally everything calmed down after a couple of days. The night lady at the shelter liked her, and would let her in, even if it was after admissions hours. Suddenly, with some clarity, Hermione could pinpoint when her life had become this Hell. It had been when they began going to The Harvest Church. Three years ago they'd begun attending the services that the 'non-denominational' Church that one of the Granger's friends had suggested going. They had let Reverend Anthony into their lives. Where at one time the little things that happened around her amused them, once the reverend found out he began twisting them. They began believing whatever the man told them about their daughter being infested with demons. Why was it so easy for William and Helen Granger to believe something so utterly foolish? She heard the doorbell ring and thought that she might be spared, depending on who had arrived. They didn't hit her when people were around. Hermione felt the tension flooding back into her body as her father's voice began getting louder, and louder. He was furious. Then he called for her to come downstairs. Albus Dumbledore and Severus Snape apparated behind a small copse of trees and began walking to the home of one Miss Hermione Granger. "Why are you so excited about this student, Albus?" the dour man asked. "Normally you would have Minerva doing this. I don't know why you expect me to do this task." "Miss Granger is a very special student, Severus," Albus's tone was giddy. "I sense she will become very important to you; to all of us." "And what makes this Muggleborn so special?" Severus rolled his eyes behind Albus's back. He was growing quite tired of being dragged along on any whim the Headmaster had. And if the man thought this child would become 'special' to Severus, then he was fooling himself. "Prophecy, dear boy, prophecy." Snape felt his stomach clinch. Damn Dumbledore for his secrets and machinations. He acted as though these children were pawns on a chessboard which he could move as desired. "You haven't shared this prophecy… certainly it's separate from the Potter boy's?" Severus couldn't help the disdain that colored his words when speaking of James Potters' child. "The two prophecies are different." Dumbledore admitted. Then his eyes flashed. "However, they could interlock if we play this game correctly. They are tied together in a way; or should be. I feel that it would be best to put Miss Granger into Mr. Potters' path. Perhaps the Weasley boy as well. I do believe that their youngest son will be attending. I might try to have a word with the hat." "Perhaps you should let the children determine with whom they will build friendships? We do not even know what House any of them will be sorted into. Are you so sure the hat will listen?" After a moment of silence Snape spoke again, "So," Severus snapped. "are you going to share this hereto unmentioned prophecy?" "Of course, I trust you completely Severus!" Severus was getting a headache. He so wanted to tell the man what a fool he was. Albus chuckled. "Strong, her heart and soul, as pure as any Pureblood born. Her blood will bring her pain. To our own society, a shining beacon of hope and brilliance. Though, for now she is still a fragile flame. The girl will grow strong, in mind, body and magic abilities. All whether she stands with the fiery, reborn bird, or he who shall not be named." Severus kept his face blank, and his mind closed. "You realize that this is ridiculous. You couldn't possibly be sure that she is girl mentioned. It could be any girl, Half-Blood OR Muggle-Born." "I am simply telling you that this girl will have a large part in determining the ending of this war." Again the old man chuckled upon seeing his Potion Master's face. "Whichever side she chooses to support… which is why we must do all we can to lead her to The Order. We must make sure all goes according to plan." "I thought it was to be determined between He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named, or the Potter boy? I thought one would have to destroy the other?" Severus frowned. Dumbledore shrugged. "Partly. This prophecy was foretold the same evening as the Potter prophecy, but I didn't share it for many reasons. The most important is that it is much easier for Voldemort to only believe ONE prophecy exists. We hide this one… groom Miss Granger into our Order… and Harry will defeat Voldemort, paving the way of the Light." William and Helen Granger sat in their family room and contemplated their options. Really, they had already decided. To be honest, the only reason they hadn't done anything before was pride. It would be humiliating to admit that they couldn't even help their own daughter. William grimaced, he thought they were just going to have to admit defeat. There had always been odd little occurrences around Hermione. When she was barely walking, if she wanted a toy or stuffed animal that was too high for her to reach, somehow she got it. When she got upset things would break. Once she got so upset that it began to storm; a perfectly sunny day gone with the first sob. That was probably when they realized there was something wrong with their child; something they didn't know how to correct, or even control. "Will," Helen's voice was soft. When he met her eyes she continued, "Reverend Anthony told us if the rebirthing didn't work he didn't know what else for us to do. I was so certain… when she stopped breathing, and we had to give her CPR, I was sure that small death would destroy the evil inside of her; I was so sure she'd be well. Perhaps… perhaps we should consider admitting her to a ward for the mentally ill?" "That won't cure her, Helen," William sighed. "I just can't keep doing this." Helen moved closer. "I know," she whispered. "It's exhausting. I never know if it will be a good day, or a bad day. I just wish…. I wish she was gone, Will, does that make me horrible?" Helen sighed heavily. "If it does, then I am also horrible." "So, we're really going to do it?" her voice was a whisper. "I'll take her to children's services tomorrow," he confirmed. "Did you want to say goodbye first?" "No." she shook her head. "No, I'm done." "I will let her know to pack… Don't worry, Helen. I'll call Reverend Anthony to come with me tomorrow." Helen looked scared. "That takes a lot of worry away. I'm so scared you'll tell her, and she'll hurt you." "Fortunately, she hasn't hurt anyone yet… best we do this before she does." They both jumped slightly as their doorbell chimed. Helen stood and made her way to the door. "I wonder who it could be? It's so late." She looked through the peephole, and her head jerked back. "Will?" shock colored her voice. "What's wrong, Love," he approached his wife. "There are two men at the door wearing strange dresses," she hissed, the alarm evident. "Wonder what they are selling?" William said scornfully. "Open the door, Helen. I'll speak with them." She opened the door, and stood behind it, out of sight. William sneered. Freaks. Two men stood on the porch. The elderly man had long gray hair, with an equally long, gray beard. This man stood slightly in front of the other, and looked at William with twinkling blue eyes, and a friendly smile on his wrinkled face. Small round spectacles perched on his nose. He wore a lime-green… bathrobe? Housecoat? Dress? William wasn't quite sure. The other man was tall, pale and dark. He had a large, hooked nose, and beady black eyes. The man's hair hung black and limp to his shoulders. This man wore all black, and if he'd had the white collar, William would have thought him a priest. "Good evening," the older of the two spoke in an especially friendly manner. "What?" William snapped, causing the dark man to lift an