The Resident Evil of Middle-Earth It had been more then fifteen years since the downfall of Sauron, and his puppet Sauroman, in the largest battle in the history of Middle-Earth, and its residents were going back to some form of way of life that was normal. The fires of Mount Doom had almost been extinguished and light had reigned over Middle-Earth once again. But evil may leaves, but is sedum forgotten, and deep in the depths of Mordor, a singular creature had been waiting, biding her time, to strike down Middle-Earth, into a darkness that could never be escaped. For thousands of years, she had hidden in Mordor, undetected by Sauron, for her soul was as evil as his and she knew that one day she would be detected. She had admired Sauron, for his power, but not his technique, he had tried to take over Middle-Earth from the outside in, with as much force as possible and had consequently been defeated. To permanently spread the evil, it had be done with subtlety, from the inside out, turning the residents of Middle-Earth against each other. She was the last of her kind, unknowing whether she was herself from Middle-Earth or had travelled here from a distant land, but one thing she did know, it was her time to do what she had waited these long years to do. She was hungry, for vengeance against the residents of Middle-Earth, and now she would stop at nothing, to get what she desired. Complete control. But she could not do this alone, as a vampire, she would need a companion, to work along side her, to share in the evil as they ripped Middle-Earth apart. But who? That was the task facing her as she set out from Mordor into the cold, crisp darkness of Middle-Earth. Through The Mountains of Shadow, she headed towards the ocean, which would evidently take her across Gondor, one of the great realms of Men which had rose in both power and glory, since Aragorn took the throne. Samius distrusted Men, for that was her name, short, simple, and cold, it was the only thing that kept her sane in the long years of hiding. Stopping by day, and travelling only at night, she took down anyone that dared to cross her path, gradually making her way across Gondor undetected, moving from one town or city to the next, trying to find the perfect companion. As several days and nights past, Samius could see the ocean, the Bay of Belfalas, in the distance with her extreme night vision. She had been annoyed with failure and her patients were being tested, when she saw something that made her evil black heart jump for joy. There were boats docked along the shores of Gondor, travelled there from the Undying Lands, with the mark of the Elves written upon them. The Elves, Samius had never thought of taking an Elf, a people of extreme tranquillity and immortal like herself. The boats themselves were empty but the tracks leading from them were heading towards the great capital of Gondor, Minas Tirith, otherwise known in the common tongue as the White City. The White City was an astounding sight even at night, the glory of Gondor, shown in one symbol of all Men. Looking around the city that night, having covered a lot of ground, Samius looked up towards the main balcony of the palace in the White City. She recognised one of the people talking but not the other, neither could she make out was being said between them. They were talking so quietly then even on this cold, still, night their voices did not carry. One of these people was King Aragorn, himself, talking to an elf of such beauty that Samius could feel the evil stirring inside her heart. She had found her perfect companion but how was she going to get into the palace. She would need to storm the palace, if she wanted that elf alive. There was a slight sound causing Samius to look again to the balcony, a second elf had joined the conversation, one that she knew. Her deep blood red eyes narrowed in disgust, "Lord Elrond, what's he doing alive?" she spat on the floor. Vampires had almost past out of all knowledge in Middle-Earth except for Lord Elrond, who's father Samius had killed over four and half thousand years ago and what lead to the great battle between elves and vampires of which vampires were destroyed and all of them slaughtered. But if Samius could turn the elves against each other, they would crumble. She smiled at evil pleasure at the thought and with a last glance at the palace, she backed into the shadows of the night. She would need to turn at many people onto her side as possible, before the elves left Gondor. For the next four or five nights, and staying low, by day, and instead of killing her victims as she drank from them, she turned them into the bloodthirsty killers she would need to storm the palace. Samius worked her way through six to eight people a night, and by the fifth day, rumours were beginning to form as to the large amount of disturbances and bodies, appearing all over the White City. If this was a time to strike, the time was now before she was discovered. Samius was herself a highly experienced archer, and was willing to take down the elf, but not kill him. She rallied up all the vampires she could fine, and pointed them towards the palace, saying that they could kill or carry off anyone but she wanted that elf alive. As they crept towards the palace at the dead of night, Samius noticed the elf was back on the balcony, surveying the local area. Now having a better view, she could see the he was beautiful. His long blonde hair was like silk, and those eyes was the deep rich blue, that could only be found in woodland elves, which change in colour to reflect their mood. He was tall, slim and beautifully well built and was now heading back into the palace. Her blood red eyes narrowed with evil glee and her firey red hair, moved slightly in the breeze, as she ran towards the palace and with tremendous ease, jumped half way up the wall heading for the balcony. There were screams from all sides of the palace as the vampires attacked with deadly speed. They has caught the palace off its guard and were giving it no mercy. Samius took tremendous pleasure out of fights like these, this increased the more blood that was spilt. When she reached the balcony, she found herself being fired upon, by the very elf she was after. If anything, this increased the thrill of the fight, and was dodging the arrows with perfect ease. It would be a matter of time before he ran out, but the elf had his deadly knifes for defence. Samius shot several arrows at the elf, and like her, he dodged them with ease. She needed a distraction long enough for the elf to take his eyes off her for just a single second, long enough to take him down. There was commotion outside the door, which Samius recognised as vampire, and whistled. At that moment, the vampire burst through the door to the left of the elf and Samius took her shot which landed deep into the shoulder of the elf. The elf went down but was going to continue the fight, if Samius and the other vampire hadn't jumped on him and almost knocked him out. Now was not the time for heroics, the plan was the go in, grab the elf and get out. Samius dragged him to the balcony and through him off, but he wasn't going to go without a fight as he struggled against four more vampires at the bottom of the balcony. Samius laughed out in pure evil pleasure as she noticed that the elf wasn't the only person to have been carried off and with intense speed, they carried their prizes out of the White City and into a nearby, newly grown, woodland. "King Aragorn, King Aragorn, they have taken my son!" a woman could be heard crying in the main throne room of the palace, the king was trying to keep the calm. It was less then five minutes since the vampires attacked and now they had gone. "Is there anyone else missing?" King Aragorn, could be heard shouting over his panic stricken people. "My lord, they have taken Legolas!" one of his guards replied to a now silenced throne room. Legolas was an elf that was well known and well liked among the people of Gondor and Rohan, and would defend the innocent against anything to his death. King Aragorn stood in silent shock at this news and grabbed his sword. "I'm going after them!" he said in a voice of pure determination. "You can not save him!" said a voice, emotionless. Lord Elrond has come from behind Aragorn. He stared at him. "What do you mean, we can't save him. What were those creatures?" "An evil older then Sauron, himself. They are immortal like elves but with souls of pure evil, they can turn anyone against their friends, even their families, and once a victim is chosen, they can not be saved. They arrived in Middle-Earth thousands of years ago and have been lying dormant in wait until it was their time, to strike down the people. Not even elves are immune to this evil." Lord Elrond flinched in disgust, "I lost my own father to these creatures, these vampires, and now they have taken Legolas, there is no hope for any of us!" Aragorn stared in stunned silence as Lord Elrond turned away from him. To hell if he was going to give up one of his closest friend's without a fight, that is what Legolas would do for him. He sent trackers out into Gondor, to search for Legolas, as dawn broke on the horizon. Deep in one of the woodlands of Gondor, Legolas was disarmed and lying in pain on the ground. Several of his bones had been broken, from being dragged to this place and his shoulder was still bleeding as the arrow was still embedded deep within it. The darkness was ice cold in the woods and all that could be seen was a large pair of deep blood red eyes, shimmering in the distance. The cold darkness was so thick that it could be sliced with a knife, as Legolas watched those eyes come towards him. He lay emotionless, watching with his keen eyesight, as Samius approach him. He frowned. "What are you?" Legolas panted, in a pained, quiet voice. His eyes widened, showing a slight glimpse of fear, as Samius knelt down and placed one of her iced cold hands on the back of his neck. "That is none of your concern!" Samius replied in a cold voice, so quiet that Legolas barely heard it and at this, she dug her inch long fangs deep into Legolas's neck. He tried to struggle, to break loose, but he was rapidly loosing his strength, as Samius drank, and after a few minutes, Legolas could barely move. He had felt his life drain away from him as Samius finally let go of him. It had been a long while since Samius had drank elven blood, and her veins throbbed with the pure energy of it. Samius gave out a pure evil laugh as she felt the energy flow through her and looked over towards Legolas, who was barely awake on the ground. Samius got to her feet and used her fangs to take a bite out of her own wrist, causing it to drip a large amount of blood. Samius held her bleeding wrist, over Legolas's mouth, who at first tried