The Essence of Fragile Power Time, what is its meaning? Is there an answer to this question but for one creature, time has no meaning. Down through the centuries, he has remained motionless, ageless, immortal in his own incredibly unique way, and still as the world around him, changed beyond all recognition. Races grew and died, cities came and went, the remaining people grew in both strength and knowledge. The old races and species, that once roamed Middle-Earth had gone, as the new took over. The landscape changed, fields grew, forests felled, crops sewn, as a new life grew from the old traditional ways. The patterns of weather became different, as the modern world came to take over, itself forever changing in this now fast paced world. But not all change is for the better, the world had been ravaged by war, a civil war so devastating, as many people fought and many more lost their lives. Other races apart from Men, were caught in the fighting, and perished as a result. The boundaries between the races of Men, in both Rohan and Gondor no longer existed, and Men were divided on many issues as there was no longer a monarch on the throne of Men and many minor conflicts still broke out. The race of Men was now broken in many different tribes, skilled in caring for horses, and working the land. Disputes over the land still raged, and Men had found more effective ways of killing their own kind, in ways never seen before. But even through the civil war, the conflicts, the human spirit remained unchanged, but it's darker side had shown through over the past couple of hundred years, a side of which one single creature had fought, for so many years, to prevent from emerging. But even through these problems, no true evil had reined over the people, not since the true destruction of Sauron. For peace, real peace from evil, had reined over this land for almost eight hundred years, and no written knowledge was left of the times of evil, as men had taken over, and now they were unprepared, of any form of evil that dared to surface. All other races, hobbits, elves and dwarves had long since gone and have not been by men, for almost an age, if any did survive, for men had become ruthless. Ruthless in twisting the planet to his desire, polluting and destroying her precious surface, until nothing remained. Men spreading like a virus across the planet, gathering in dense cities, the pace of life quickening, machines replacing the work and chaos of men, doing their own fair share of destruction, the planet unable to cope. All other species that manage to survive along side men, suffer at their hand, as though man, himself had become the evil in the world, maybe through sheer carelessness. Ecological disasters were now commonplace all in the process in making money. The rich becoming richer, the poor, poorer, until nothing remained except for man's own lust for greed and power, destined to destroy themselves, maybe taking the fate of the planet with them. Gone forever. At the foot of the Misty Mountains, or now renamed Highland Mountains, a creature has slept, silently but uncomfortably, in extreme pain. The suffering and the guilt could be seen in the way he slept, constantly moving, breaking out in fevers, then cold sweats, unable to remain calm. His long blonde hair, once slick and fair, had now become dull through the passing of time, his green glad outfit of a woodland elf had become matted, blood stained and tired with the changing times, skin extremely pale. This was where he was moved to when he was found in Mordor by a wondering traveller, and for more then three hundreds he had been cared for by the small family who lived at the foot of the mountains. During this time, the human population had no idea of the existence of this creature, who was stirring through a dark, cold, windy night, tossing and turning in this bed, finally waking with a jump, with cold wet and shaking. The elf opened his eyes, unable to see anything through them, as they were changing colour, from blue to brown through to the vampire blood red. He blinked his eyes, several times, trying to make out the outline of the log cabin, of which he was held. The weather was misty outside, with rain beating down on the windows of the cabin. He could hear movement outside the door and tried to lean up straight but failing due to an extreme lack of strength. The elf lay back of the bed and for a while, heard no sound except for the rain outside, until the handle click and the door opened, and a girl walked through. The elf stared, as the girl came towards him, he saw that she was of a tanned skin native Indian background, similar to the native Americans, the renamed people of Rohan. She had dark hair that was as black as the night, her eyes was also as dark, and looking like some who the elf already knew. She entered the room and instantly saw that the elf's eyes were open and staring at her. She left the room extremely fast, calling for someone outside in a language that the elf didn't know. After a few minutes of complete confusion on the elf's part, and elderly gentleman, a human, a chief, wearing the traditional clothing, of furs, dark brown cloth and decorated with the feathers of an eagle. He came towards the elf, who was now beginning to struggle with the thirst for blood, which was now swelling up inside him, for it had been eight hundred since he last fed. He tried to get up as the chief came towards him, and sat down on his bed and placed his head on the elf's forehead. It was incredible soothing. The elf fell back on the bed, his eyes rolling into the back of his head, his thirst for blood calming. "Rest, my child", he spoke in a language the elf did not know. But the chief's voice was soft, quiet and tranquil. After a few minutes, the elf opened his eyes, amazingly calm. "How?" he spoke in English, barely making a sound. The chief looking to the elf's eyes. "Rest, to what name should we call you by?" "Legolas Greenleaf !" He again barely spoke, hardly making a sound, struggling with what was now tiredness, breathing heavily and skin, very pale. There was a long pause, before the elf spoke again, "Who are you?" "I am Chief Hooapinto, of the last descendants of the ancient Highland tribe who have watched over this land for centuries, away from Western life. This is my granddaughter Nakita." The girl who had Legolas had seen earlier had from behind the chief. He greeted her and turned back to the elf, Legolas. "You are not from these parts, where are you from, wandering traveler?" The chief was paying close attention to Legolas's pointed ears, characteristic of a purebred elf, and highly unusual at the time. "I am an elf..." Legolas was going to say more but was cut across by the chief. "Pure of heart, for you have the spirit of the eagle, but a restless soul!" Legolas grinned, revealing his fangs, for the first time, to the chief and his granddaughter. Nakita screamed and backed away but the chief remained calm. Shock come over Legolas at Nakita's reaction, for he had forgotten about his vampire blood red eyes, and turned his back on the chief and then spoke in Sindalin Elvish, his own native language. "I only wish that was true, but I am not of this world!" "Which world are you from?" The chief replied. To Legolas's amazement, as he turned back round to face him. He didn't speck in Elvish, but his own native language, but Legolas somehow understood him. He stared at the human, in complete confusion. "Be calm, my friend. You speak in a language that is more ancient then my own, nor are you human either, the only one of your kind." Legolas continued to stare, "You call me a friend?! But I am evil, more evil then you can imagine!" "Evil is only in the eyes of the beholder, if the people around you, do not see your as evil, then you are not!" The chief remained incredible calm at this. Legolas stared at the elderly man, with both respect and joy. "I have never met a human, with such elf qualities, such as yourself. Where did your people find this knowledge?" The chief looked disheartened at this. "We are the last of the Emaskca Tribes, still living the old ways, off the land, traveling on horseback, and soon we will be driven from this land, by the expanding cities and towns. We can not legally stay here anymore." Legolas not fully understanding what the chief had said, asked why this was so. "Because we are no longer welcome. Rest and Nakita will show you how the world had changed and I will send for a change of clothes for you." Legolas looked as though this wasn't necessary, and didn't like the idea. The chief noticed as he got to his feet. He smiled "You wish to fit in? The world has changed since you were last awake!" There as long silence as the elf and the chief looked at each other, before the elderly human left, leaving Legolas lying on the bed, feeling very much alone, confused and for the first time, afraid, of what the human world had created. He had no idea what to expect, and by the reaction of Nakita, to his fangs, it meant that attitudes towards non human hadn't changed, and knew that the modern world would not be welcoming. He lay there, still too weak to move and wondered what to do, when tired finally come over him, and he fell into a cold, dreamless sleep. Legolas woke, a day and a half later, the afternoon light streaming in through the windows, feeling very strange, the thirst for blood building. Confused, he got to his feet, and instantly knew what was wrong. As he looked down, he instantly realised that someone had changed his clothes, while he was sleeping, and he was now wearing black for head to foot. It was extremely uncomfortable, as the black leather boots were heavy, and pinched the ends of his toes, he wore black jeans and a long sleeved cotton polo neck black jumper. He felt a mild pain at the back of his head, and also realised that his long blonde hair had been cleaned and tied back into a low ponytail, in a band so tight that Legolas couldn't remove it, and his pointed ears, were hidden under a black woolen hat. Legolas looked around and managed to locate his bow, arrows and quiver, lying by the side of the bed, but his Mirkwood elven clothing had gone. Then all of a sudden, an deep rumble in a pit of his stomach and a surge of hunger, brought the elf to his knees, the extreme pain unbearable. He almost screamed in pain, before the door opened, someone running in, pausing, before putting a cup of liquid to his lips. The contents was warm, soothing, as the blood temporarily relieved the pain, as Legolas drained the cup. He was breathing heaving, still on his hands and knees, he looked up. "Thank you!" He managed to breathe, as the person above. "You OK? Grand-papa told the tribe what you needed!" It was Nakita, also wearing black, looking both worried and fearful. Legolas could feel this, she feared him, more then anything, and didn't want to push her away, she was his guide. "I can manage for now!" He spoke, getting to his feet. This wasn't true, he