The Mist and The Shadow Middle-Earth, a place of peace and propriety, balance and tranquillity. A place of magnificent landscape, unspoilt for centuries, where more then one race of people could live in harmony. It was the middle of the Forth Age, and almost all knowledge that remained of the War of the Ring, had almost been lost, or was written in books. In Men, the there has been four generations, two hundred years, and now they were at the head of Middle-Earth, its defenders in time of great need. The great people of Rohan and Gondor, the two realms of Men, which have been united for the past hundred years, in the union of the two royal houses. There was much rejoicing on both sides, much celebrating, which lasted for many months. Since this joining of Rohan and Gondor, the realm of Men, has been growing stronger, in time. Each of the other races of Middle-Earth, including the Hobbits, the Drawves, the Ents, the cave trolls untampered by Orcs, and the Eagles, were working alone side Men, as they did, two Age's ago, when Elves were the head race of Middle-Earth. All of these had prospered with the changing times but there is was one creature still living among the trees of Gondor, a singular person proving that time, had no meaning. Still living, in the shadow of Minas Tirth, himself casting his own shadow onto the city. The residents of the great White City, were so used to this shadow, this force, in the now fully grown forest surrounding Minas Tirth, that they had become dependent upon it. This force had grown out of all living knowledge, and now no one, no longer knew the true origin of the force of the forest. There were however, many rumors, which had been floating around the city for years, but nothing had ever been confirmed. The sun was beginning to rise on a beautiful day, during one of the warm midsummer days of spring, when the city rose full of life and anticipation, since it had been grieving from the recent death of the King of Gondor, Aranite, the grandson of Aragorn, who passed away from old age, and illness, but still a great ruler. But now was the time for the coronation of a new king, the arrogant son of King Aranite. But he was the only heir to the throne, but Gondor had no choice. The new king has always taken a keen interest in the force of the forest, who it was, the origins behind it. This had been a great hindrance to the residence of the forest when the new king was a boy, but Legolas knew, he could not harm him, even if he went looking for the elf. Legolas was one of the few remaining Elves left in Middle-Earth, after all this time, and he really did not like to draw attention to himself. He had lived as he has always lived, off the blood of any traveler who had dared to enter his forest, but he had not entered the great city, keeping himself to himself, feeling the emotions of the goings on in the city. Legolas knew there was festivity in the city, at the crowning of the new king. The elf was not best pleased about this, he had never liked the human, and at the moment he like him even less. A few hours earlier, Legolas has been on his usual hunt for blood through the thick, dark, forest, he now called home, when he keen, sharp, blood red eyesight spotted a man running in the distance. Legolas followed, figuring that there was no harm in working up an appetite, and his speed and stealth was unmatched, against the human's. As the elf ran, he saw that the man was not alone, this was common in the forest, these days, as it was unadvised to travel through the forest on a solitary basis, especially at night. Legolas didn't care or know why, but it was more food for him, as blood was running scarce at the moment. He pursued his meal with ease, waiting for him to lose his breathe, and therefore his strength, and then, Legolas smiled with evil glee at this thought, as he always did...he could then take this human's life. They moved rapidly through the woods, towards a small clearing, when Legolas finally caught up with his long earned dinner. He grabbed the man from behind, and sunk his long fangs deep into the man's neck and drank. His partner continues running ahead, and by the time he turned back for his friend, Legolas, had drained him of every drop of blood, the human had. The man turned to see Legolas drop the body, and looked in fear. Legolas saw with an evil grin, as the man was severely shaking, but he was holding a roll of parchment with the Royal seal of Gondor, written upon it. The elf frowned as the man held out the message towards the him. Legolas took the message, which was written in extremely neat handwriting. He read it, it was from the new king. "To the force of the Forest, hear my call. I wish to invite you to my coronation, a joyous occasion for Gondor and for Rohan, you have been the our protection for as long as our people can remember. I wish to meet you, our protector, and so do the people of Minas Tirth. We would be grateful for your presence and there is a rumor that you knew Aragorn, a witness to the War of the Ring. Yours Sincerely, Aratheidon, great grandson of Aragorn, future king of Gondor." Legolas looked up to see that the man had hurried off while the elf was reading. He stood in shock, for two hundred years, through four generations, he had never been invited to the city before, and there has been an unspoken mutual agreement between Aragorn, and his future descendants with the elf, all those years ago, that he would be left in peace. He was and to some degree still is, continually suffering with the constant battle between his vampire and elven soul's, still causing him extreme pain, knowing that death was the only release. He had contemplated this, about his own suicide, but the only thing that stopped him, was that who would protect Gondor? Over the past century, Gondor had, had enemies, who had tried to take down the royal family, and Legolas has stopped them, but had still never been seen by any person, alive, in Gondor. There were many rumors, of who he really was, but they were seldom believed, because not an single elf, had ever been seen since they permanently left for the Undying Lands, and had never returned. Legolas had to make a decision, the coronation was later that day, close to dusk, but he knew that if he did not go, he would never be left in peace, especially from the king. Should he risk it? He was unsure, but he, himself was curious about the new king, as something in the deep of his vampire soul, was conveying to him that the new king shouldn't be trusted. Then if he didn't trust the king, then Gondor was in danger. Legolas accepted the invitation and headed towards the city. During the preparations for the coronation, the new king, Aratheidon, was arguing with a adviser. "My liege, I do not advice that inviting the force of the forest here, was a good plan. You have put yourself it great danger, and anyway, you can't guarantee that he will come!" "He will be here, my friend!" The king sounded unsure, as he walked out the main throne room, through the large entrance doors, to where the famous Dead Tree of Gondor was still standing. There was a great gathering, outside the palace, the people waiting for the new king. Aratheidon looked among them, looking for anything unusual, but saw nothing and proceeded forwards for the ceremony. Legolas walked through the city, cautiously, fully armed with his exquisite elven bow, knifes and arrows, keeping his blood red eyes sharp and his ears pricked for the slightest sound. The city had not changed much in the intertwining streets, which still remained the same. He walked slowly, keeping to the shadows of the fading the sun. Legolas felt uncomfortable, without the shelter of the trees, but he continued anyway. He walked through the city, until he heard cheering in the distance, from a place he knew well. The Palace of Gondor. He approached the back of the crowd, as silent as a mouse, struggling to contain his hunger, from the rich smell of blood, flowing through the people. He tried to ignore it, as he used his extreme eyesight, to see the king, in the distance, the ceremony over. Aratheidon was just about the enter the palace for his first court, as the new king, when he saw them, through the crowd. A clear pair of blood red eyes, that were becoming brighter and yet darker in appearance, as the sun set on the horizon. The king felt fear as he stared, frozen in position, unable to move. A guard inquired as to what was wrong with his king, he saw, for himself. The crowd became quiet and turned around, seeing Legolas standing behind them, blood red eyes glaring, in the darkness. The crowd parted as Legolas walked slowly forward, in attack mode, not trusting anyone. Whispers broke out among the crowd, most of which were about who he was. Legolas still carried the invitation in his hand, which he gave to the Aratheidon at the foot of the entrance doors of the palace. Hands trembling, the king opened the parchment and read his own message, and looked at Legolas. "It's you, your the force of the forest!" He spoke in a hoarse, fearful whisper can could be heard by every single person, in earshot. Legolas said nothing. He was surveying King Aratheidon, through his eyes, trying to figure out what wrong with the king, what it was his vampire soul was telling him? There was a long moment of silent before Legolas spoke. "What do you want with me?" he said, his voice, on purposely, icy cold and emotionless, designed to sent fear through the heart of any man who dared to cross him. The king stood rooted to the spot, stunned, before one of his advisers, told him to go inside, away from the darkness, as the guards were dispersing the crowd. Aratheidon found himself being steered into the palace, of which, Legolas followed, and only from the light from the palace, could his spender be truly revealed. The beauty of this exquisite creature had not wavered through time, as he appeared ever more beautiful then during the War of the Ring. Tall, slim and stunningly well built, his pale skin, and immaculately kept long blonde hair shimmering in the light of the palace. He was still wearing the customary green and brown of the woodlands, and the symbols of his original home, Mirkwood, a place not visited in a some time, though still well remembered. His usual weapons of his bow, drawn with one of his prime arrows, were in a firing stance, reflecting Legolas's suspiciousness of the king. He was a beautiful balance of vampire and the race to which he was born to, an ancient, but now, unfortunately, a very rare people, of which proof showed in the points of his high sensitive ears. His deep blood red eyes were now heavily fixed upon the king. "My Lord, he's an elf!" someone spoke from within the palace as Aratheidon again stared at him, as he was now sat on the throne of Gondor. Legolas hissed through his fangs at this comment, as he turned to the guard who said it, he had grown to like humans less and