Below the subconscious I do not own Harry Potter It was their sixth year at Hogwarts. Voldemort was continuing to gain power and Harry was doing well in potions class. Better than ever in fact because he had a teacher who didn't flunk him on purpose and a book that gave him good advice. In fact, he was so good he was better than Hermione, which made her jealous. Hermione's excellence in school meant a lot to her, so seeing someone surpass her was a hit to her ego and her self-esteem. Things were getting worse in the wizarding world because of Voldemort. Even though he did not show it, Harry was troubled by it more than anyone most of all, because of his background with the man and because he feared of what was to come; not only to himself but to everyone else as well. Especially those dearest to him. After winning the liquid luck from his new potions teacher Harry was more upbeat than usual. It was a Friday and ahead lay a reasonably restful weekend given the little amount of homework that they had. While he was in the common room reading a book, Hermione went upstairs to sleep and he followed a while later. While Hermione was lying in bed, she had trouble falling asleep. The whole thing with Harry suppressing her in their studies and the way people see her concerned her greatly. It wasn't very clear, but she's a little insecure and her only way to compensate for that was to excel in her studies. Now that this position was at stake, her emotions were thrown off balance. With these thoughts, she closed her eyes and fell asleep. Before she understood what happened, she found herself in a white empty room and she was cowering in the corner in fear, crying. This wasn't like her. Then she looked up, and was startled by what she saw. She saw the corpses of herself, Ron, their friends, the Weasels, and Harry's parents. Horrified to see her own and her friends' corpses she recoiled. Then she realized something. Why wasn't Harry's corpse here? She reached for her face and felt a pair of glasses on her eyes and a lightning shaped scar on her forehead. "I'm Harry…," she thought. "How? What is this place? What's going on here?" Her thoughts were interrupted by a cruel, cold laughter. She looked up and screamed. In front of her stood Voldemort and Harry's parents miraculously resurrected themselves, and she watched as he killed them over and over again as tears fell down her eyes. She touched her cheeks to find the drops on her fingers. They were real. The scene repeated itself with all the others dear to Harry including her own corpse self in front of her. When she saw herself get murdered by him, a wail of misery and agony came out of her throat but it wasn't her own. Then he saw her cowering in the corner and smirked cruelly. "It's time…" he said and approached him. Hermione raised her hands in front of her face in defense as she was in Harry's form. "Please… don't hurt me… I'll do anything…." "What was she saying? What was he saying? This wasn't like him. Harry is brave. He's not a coward…." She thought. She started running throughout the room trying to run away from him; from one of her worse fears; from death. As she ran, the tears began to stream down her cheeks again as more corpses of herself and their friends materialized in front of her, as the pain in her scar penetrated her scalp to the point that it knocked her to the ground. She fell flat on her face and broke her nose. Voldemort was drawing near; she started crawling backward away from him but reached one of the walls in the room. Voldemort was hovering over her, and raised his wand to kill her. Hermione paled as a single tear streaked down her cheek. She looked to the side of them room, slightly behind him, and saw her own corpse staring at her with an empty expression. Her other-self had a tear mark on her face and she opened her mouth to speak. "Harry… why?..." she croaked and with that Voldemort cursed her living self and she was gone… The real Hermione woke up with a gasp in her room. She felt her face. It was smooth. No glasses or scar and her hair was back to its long and bushy self. She hurried to the window to look out through it, and saw her reflection looking back at her. She sighed with relief as she placed a hand on her chest. She slouched onto the windowsill. "Thank God…" she muttered and sighed again and shook her head. "What the bloody hell was that?" she muttered. Knowing she needs some time to unwind, she put her robe on, and went downstairs to the common room to relax for a bit. Meanwhile in Harry's room… Harry was lying in bed trying to fall asleep. This whole thing with Voldemort had him restless. He was worried he might kill him or his friends and that it might be his fault. And the day he killed his parents still haunted him. He may have acted brave and resilient to his previous experiences in life, but he was a much more scared and injured soul than he let anyone know. He couldn't afford for them to know. Even his best friends didn't know this about him. After a restless while, he finally fell asleep. Next thing he knew, he was sitting in a completely blue room, yet it was completely empty. Then he realized a few things. First that he was cold and that he naked. The last thing was, that this wasn't his body. Scattered around him in the room were various pieces of parchment and documents and a pocket mirror. He picked up the mirror and looked at it. He was shocked to see Hermione's face looking back at him. Remembering that he wasn't wearing any clothes made him feel very embarrassed. He picked up one of the documents and looked at it. It read. "Hermione Granger, potions. Grade: F" Puzzled, Harry picked up another document and another and another. All of them had Hermione's name on them with a failing grade. This made him very confused. Hermione never fails tests, this wasn't like her. Then he remembered her Buggort from their third year. It was a report card with failed grades. Did her studies really mean that much to her? And why was he naked? With all these failed tests around him, he felt like he was left with nothing. Then in front of him, he saw himself materialize and he tried to cover himself up. His other-self spoke. "I have surpassed you Hermione. I'm better than you. I'm the better student now. You have no other way to prove yourself to other people. You have nothing else to offer. You have nothing left... nothing…" he said and presented the small liquid luck bottle and faded out of existence. Harry sighed sadly and began to cry softly… Harry woke up with a start and sat up in his bed. He reached for his face, relived to find out that his hair was short again and he had his scar again. He was wearing his pajamas and his body was back to the way it used to be. He sighed with relief, rested his head back on the pillow, and covered his face. "What the fuck was that?…" he muttered with exasperation Thinking he needed some time to relax, he put on his robe and walked down to the common room to try to calm himself down. To his surprise, Hermione was sitting on the couch in front of the fireplace. Surprised to see her sitting there at one in the morning, he approached her and sat down beside her quietly. The images from his dream still fresh on his head, he blushed and played with his fingers a little bit. After a few minutes he spoke. "Hi." He said and she gasped, startled by his presence. She turned to look at him, blushed, and looked away. "H… hi…" she squeaked. After a short silence she spoke. "Can't sleep?" she asked. "No…" he said. "Neither can I…" she confessed "Want to talk about it?" he asked. Hermione bit her lip. "What if I told you, I had the most profound yet most invasive dream I've ever had, but I couldn't bear to talk to you about it?" "I'd try." He said and Hermione played with her fingers nervously. Finally, she sighed. "Alright... I'll tell you." She said, realizing it would better if she told someone about it anyway, and who better than him? "I dreamed that I was you, only you weren't yourself. The way I know you…" "What do you mean?" "In some ways you were the opposite of how I know you. Ever since I've met you, you seemed very brave and resilient, but here you were cowering in fear in the corner of a white empty room. And in front of you, or me as it was in this case, were corpses of myself Ron, his family and the rest of our friends as well as your parents. At some point, you know who showed up and your parents got back on their feet and he killed them over and over again, then he killed our friends and then me. When he did, and I heard a wail of misery and agony escape my lips only it was in your voice. Then he noticed me and approached me ready to make the kill and I shielded myself from him with my arms begging for mercy. I started to run away from him and more corpses, mostly of myself started showing up around me. Finally, I fell on my face and broke my nose and he had me cornered. The last thing I remembered was seeing my own corpse looking at me with tear marks on its face saying 'Harry… why…?', and with that I was down and woke up with a start." Hermione finished and faced Harry. To her surprise and concern, he was pale as a ghost. He opened his mouth to speak. "How?... how did you know all that? I never spoke about any of this to anyone…" "Wait, you mean to tell me that what I saw was true?" asked Hermione, clearly surprised. Harry lowered his head and sighed heavily. After a long pause he spoke. "Yes." He said in a cracked voice. Hermione blinked, taken aback. She was clearly surprised. "But why? Ever since I've known you, you were brave and resilient. Where did this come from?" "I try to be brave and appear brave but deep down, I'm scared blind of losing you or any other of my friends, or my own life for that matter. And even though it was a long time ago and I never knew them, the night I lost my family still haunts me to this day…" explained Harry as tears began to stream down his cheeks as Hermione looked at him sympathetically and put her hand on his for support. "I just… I try to seem brave for everyone and even myself, but I feel like I don't deserve or have the right to be afraid. I survived the attempt of death once and I want to set an example for everyone else. I fear that if I show fear regarding Voldemort…" Hermione shuddered at the name. "Sorry." He added but she simply nodded to give him the okay to go on. "I fear that if I show fear regarding you know who, then everyone will panic or lose hope. I'm supposed to bring him down, but I can't help but feel afraid sometimes. Afraid for myself, afraid for my