Harry Potter and the matters of the heart I do not own Harry Potter They never got along that well; even before they got married. They went to school together and he wasn't always sensitive towards her. She eventually fell in love with him but she truly loved someone else. Her name was Hermione Granger but for the last four years, she was Hermione Wesley. Her husband was a man named Ron. Despite being a kind man at heart, he just wasn't for her. She truly loved her best friend Hary Potter and she gave him signs about how she felt but he never seemed to return them. Realizing she could never have him, she settled for the next best thing, which was her other best friend, Ron. And she loved him, she truly did. But something was missing. After four years of marriage, she didn't feel truly happy. They would often get into fights and when they did, Ron had a tendency of insulting her, and it would sting for a while. She considered filing for a divorce and looking for somebody else but feared she couldn't find one. Yet still, she longed for her old friend Harry. But alas, he was married too Ron's younger sister Ginny, so she knew they could never be together… Harry woke up beside his wife one morning, to find she still asleep. It a Sunday so he let her sleep in. He went downstairs to make himself a cup of coffee. When he saw she wasn't up by twelve he went over to wake her up. "Ginny…" he said and placed a hand on her shoulder. "Ginny…" he said and her eyes fluttered open. She sat up with a slight vacant look in her eyes. "Are you okay?" he asked with concern. "I feel weak…," she said. "Maybe you have a fever…" said the man and placed his hand on her forehead but found none. "Maybe you have a virus. Perhaps you should stay in bed today…" "No need. I can cure it using my magic. Hand me my wand will you?" she asked and he gave her what she wanted. She aimed her wand at her stomach and recited the magic word but all her wand did was emit a small spark but nothing else. She tried again and again, but nothing happened. "Maybe it's broken. Try mine." Said Harry and handed her his wand. But no matter how much she tried, it would not work. She yawned tiredly. "I wonder what's happening…," she said. Harry grabbed her hand and pulled her to her feet. "Let's go see Olivandor. Maybe he can help." He said, as they got dressed and headed out. When they got there, they consulted with the wand maker and he told them both wands were in perfect working order. Suspecting it was just a weakness or a virus they went home so she could relax. But as the days went by, she got weaker and weaker. After a week, her hands were cold, her skin was pale, and she could barely move. At that point, Harry asked a healer from St. Mungo's hospital to come over. The man inspected his wife briefly and soon had a grim look on his face. He got up and looked at Harry. "Could I have a word with you in private, Mr. Potter?" Fearing what this meant Harry and the healer left the bedroom and closed the door. When they stood in the hallway, Harry asked. "What's wrong with her? Is gonna be alright?" The healer sighed. "I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do…" "Don't tell me you're sorry. Do something dammit!" snapped the man. The healer sighed again. "Mr. Potter, I'm afraid your wife is losing her magical powers. It's a gradual process. The worse it gets, the weaker she'll become." "What will happen once her powers are completely gone?" The man had a grim look on his face. "For born wizards, magical power is like a part of their soul. They cannot live without it. If the magical powers leave the person, the soul must follow…" Harry's face fell. He closed his eyes tightly trying not to cry. After a while, he lifted his head. "Is there a cure?" The healer hesitated. "I'm afraid not. I'm sorry Mr. Potter but there's nothing I can do for your wife…" A long silence followed; finally broken by Harry. "How much time?" The man in front of him thought for a moment. "A day. Two at most…" he said. He could see tears build up in Harry's eyes. "I'm sorry." He said and placed a hand on his shoulder. "I could stay for a while if you'd want me to." Harry shook his head. "No that's okay doctor. I appreciate your help." "Okay." Said the man and picked up his bag. He placed his hand on his shoulder. "Good luck son." He said and walked out. Harry stood there for a while grimly. Forever wanting to postpone the moment, he gripped the doorknob and walked back into his bedroom, to find Lily staring at him. "What did the healer say?" she asked. Harry walked towards her, dragging his feet. He sat down beside her, brought her into a hug, and wept. His wife soon followed…. Within a few hours, Hermione and Ron received a letter from Harry, informing them of the situation, begging for help. The couple were in Harry's house within the hour. When Ron saw his little sister lying sick and fragile in bed he broke down in tears. Harry sent letters to Professor McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey and any other great wizard he could think of, in hope of trying to cure his sick wife. None could help. All too soon, the two days have passed and Harry, Hermione, and all the Wesleys gathered around her bed to say their goodbyes. Ginny was breathing hoarsely. She has grown very skinny and pale over the past week and a half. Harry was holding her hand during those last few moments. He kissed it slightly. "Don't worry about a thing, dear. It's not goodbye forever. You will wait for me up there. Right?" She sighed and closed her eyes. "You bet." She said and opened her eyes to look at his for the last time. "I'll tell your parents you said hi. I'll be waiting for you Harry…" she said and Harry held her hand, tears streaming down his cheeks. "I love you…," he said, kissing her hand. "I love you too, Harry. Always have…," she said and they both shared a last smile. She closed her eyes, took one last breathe, exhaled, and was gone forever. Harry sighed and sobbed softly and rested his head on his late wife's chest. All the people in the room cried and wailed as they tried to console each other. Ron, Hermione, and Molly were particularly distraught. Molly, for losing her only daughter, Ron for losing his baby sister he always held dear and Hermione for losing a dear friend and because her best friend was now a widower. During the funereal, it was only close friends and family only. Harry was particularly quite. More than anyone else in fact and rightfully so. He was the last one to leave the cemetery. When he did, he came home, and concealed himself inside his house and cut himself off from the rest of the world, mourning his wife's death. While Harry was grieving his loss in voluntary solitude, Ron and Hermione's marriage was falling apart. Miserable about his sister's death, Ron lashed into Hermione several times, and added more tension to an already broken marriage. When he accidently shoved her and pushed her to the ground, Hermione realized she had enough. She packed a small suitcase and left her house. She stood at the bus top, wondering where she would go. She didn't want to crash at Harry's house when he's so miserable. Realizing she had no other choice, she decided to return to her parents' house till she had things sorted out. A week has passed since her fight with her husband and Hermione decided she deserves better than him. She filed for a divorce. At first, Ron refused, but after quite a bit of coaxing and shouting, he agreed to grant her one. They went to the court and signed the deed. They split their belongings and Hermione left his house without another word. After a few weeks, she found herself an apartment she could rent and moved in, while Harry still refused to talk to anyone. Including her… After a month or so, Hermione realized Harry needed support whether he wanted it or not. She walked towards his house, which was not too far away from hers, and knocked on the front door. No one answered. She knocked again. "Go away!..." came a muffled voice from inside. She bit her lip. "Harry it's me. Can you let me in?" He didn't respond. She hesitated for a bit, then, grabbed the door handle, and turned it around. Surprisingly it wasn't locked. She walked in. The house seemed rather dirty and neglected. Various pieces of trash were scattered around the room. She found Harry sitting at the kitchen table, looking very neglected and miserable. His hair was more messy than usual, he had facial hair growing on his face, his eyes were red, he was wearing a bedroom robe, and he had a bottle of whisky next to him. When she saw him like this. Her heart went out to him. "Oh Harry…" she said sadly. She walked towards him and sat down on a nearby chair. She held his hand gently. "Why are you doing this to yourself?" Harry sniffed. "I've lost many people in life. My parents, Lupin, Tonks, my godfather… it hurt more than you can imagine but I still pulled through. But losing the love of my life to some Godforsaken illness, is too much for me to bare. I could not stand losing her. Not her…" he said and broke down in tears again and leaned forward. Hermione grabbed his head and cradled it in her arms. "I know its tough Harry, but you have to be strong. I'm sure you'll find love again…" "Nobody like her…" he sobbed. She's never seen him like this, so broken up. But given all he's been through over the years, there's only so much emotional pain he could take. When he lost his wife, he became a sad, broken man. "Come on Harry. Let's go for a walk okay? It'll help you feel better." "I'm too depressed for a walk…," he muttered. "Just a short one okay? Just a short walk around the block…" she suggested. After a short while, he sighed. "Maybe I could use some fresh air…" he said. "That's the spirit. Why don't you put on some fresh clothes? I'll wait for you down here…," she said and he nodded. "Okay." He said, got up, and walked upstairs to his room while Hermione remained downstairs. Hermione in the meantime, picked up some of the various trash that was scattered around the room. Tissues, food containers, and empty scotch bottles. She had to help him get back on his feet. She couldn't stand to see him so miserable. Finally, he came down and they went for a short walk. As distant and grim as he seemed, it perked him up a little bit. Over the next few months, Hermione would visit him often and spend time with her old friend. To her, he was the man she always loved, despite his misery. But she couldn't let her emotions get the best of her. Not now, when her divorce was less than a year ago and he was still so miserable and fragile. She loved Harry but she knew he didn't feel the same way. He only loved her as a sister, or so she thought. Harry on the other hand