From friends to lovers I do not own Harry Potter It seemed almost too fast. It seems only yesterday, that they have turned eleven and went to Hogwarts for the first time. While there, Harry, Ron, and Hermione became friends. After that, they became best friends. They were tight as glue and nothing would separate between them. During their first year, they found out about the Sorcerer's stone and thought it would be used to restore Voldemort's powers. They succeeded in thwarting his plans. The year after that, they stopped him from returning in a different way. In their third year, there have been rumors going around about the dark lord regaining power and that this right hand man escaped from prison. It wasn't until months later, that our heroes found out that the man was innocent. So while Voldemort's true servant has been exposed and has escaped, Harry earned a family member. Something else happened that year. Our heroes were just entering their teenage years and were starting to develop feelings for one another. Ginny had a crush on Harry and Harry tried to understand how he felt about her. Also, Hermione has developed feelings for Harry and Harry was oblivious to them, despite the fact that they valued each other dearly, while Ron developed a crush on Hermione despite the fact they treated each other poorly. It would be a long time until this romantic mess would be solved… Over the years, other things have happened. Voldemort has returned and the magical world tried to deny it. After they acknowledged it, Dumbledore took Harry under his wing and told him how they could finally defeat the Dark Lord for good. But before he could finish the job he was killed by a teacher trusted only by him. Severus Snape. Now that their seventh year was afoot, Harry and everyone else felt lost. It was up to him and his friends to find the Horcruxes and destroy them so they could destroy Voldemort. During their hunt, there have been a few clashes. Ron and Harry had a fight and Ron took off, leaving Hermione very sad and miserable. In an attempt to cheer her up, Harry approached her as she sat by the radio in their tent, looking very sad and lonely and wrapped his arms around her. She rested her head in his chest and wept as he tried to console her. Once she was calm, she thanked him and kissed him on the cheek, which made him blush. The two have been through a lot together and he wasn't sure of how he felt about her. To make matters worse, Ron seemed to have romantic feelings for her as well, and he didn't want to have Ron as a rival for Hermione's love. Things got more complicated during the battle of Hogwarts. While in the chamber of secrets, Ron and Hermione destroyed a Horcrux and in a moment of passion kissed each other on the lips. While in the pandemonium that occurred in the castle during the battle, Harry ran into Ginny. Fearing one might not see the other alive again; they kissed passionately and went their separate ways. Finally, the final battle between good and evil has come henceforth. Harry and the Dark lord were going head to head. Only one man would stay standing by the time it was over. For a moment it looked like Harry was gonna die, but with sheer willpower Harry drove the curse back to them man who fired it, as Voldemort was killed by his own curse for the second and final time. Voldemort crumbled inward and with that, he was gone. The peace that followed was a strange one. It felt awkward yet pleasantly safe. As if they had trouble, digesting the peace that finally has arrived. When Harry found Hermione and Ron, he saw they were holding hands and seemed very happy together. He smiled, happy for them, yet still unaware of a strange, dormant feeling at the bottom of his stomach. When Ginny saw him standing there, she snuck up behind him and wrapped her arms around him only to be greeted by his lips, happy to have each other. Hermione smiled at the sight but could not help but feel slight melancholy but did not understand why… Later that week, our heroes were invited to a celebration dinner at the Burrow, and they gladly accepted. Harry and Ginny were holding hands under the table and so were Ron and Hermione. Then they played games in the living room, told jokes, and raised memories. When it was time to go to sleep, the two couples slept in the same bed for the first time in the lives. It wasn't long until they fell asleep in each other's arms… The weeks passed quickly and they soon turned into months. Soon it's been a year since the war and the future seemed bright for everyone. Harry and Ginny had moved in together and so has the other couple. As Harry was getting ready for work one day he kissed his girlfriend goodbye and walked out the door, not being able not to feel a strange feeling as he kissed her. Thinking it was nothing; Harry ignored it as he went about his business. That night when he went to sleep beside her, he felt that feeling again. Thinking his mind was playing tricks on him; he tried to push it out of his mind and try to fall asleep. But a sliver of doubt and another forgotten feeling kept him awake for longer than usual. A feeling of fear. Before long, he could tell that Ginny was feeling it too. They tried adding more passion and romance to their lives but it was nothing more than a quick patch or fix at best. After several weeks, the problem only got worse. Feeling they could not postpone it any longer, the two knew they had to talk. They sat by the kitchen table feeling rather tense. The silence was a painful one. Neither one wanted to start the conversation fearing of what it would lead to, each side hoping the other one would blink first and initiate the conversation. None spoke. Feeling both sides knew how the other felt and what the situation was, Harry realized there's no point in beating around the bush. He sighed sadly, avoiding making eye contact with her. "We have to separate." He confessed. His heart broke a little when he could see the tears build up in her eyes. He placed a comforting hand on her own. "I'm sorry Ginny, but maybe it's for the best." She nodded and wiped the tears from her eyes with her sleeve. "I know… I just wish we could have made this work. Ever since we were kids… and everything…" she cried. "I know… I know…" he said sadly and brought her into a hug as she cried into his shoulder. Finally, they parted. Harry packed up his belongings and walked towards the door. He paused by the door to look back at his now ex-girlfriend one last time. She looked at him sadly, tearfully. Harry blinked the tears away and walked out the door, leaving Ginny alone in her apartment, as she cried her eyes out, feeling very sad and alone, with no one to console her, care or even notice… Harry would spend the next two days at the leaky caldron until he found an apartment. When he moved there, he unpacked his suitcase and paced along the apartment alone, restless. Feeling he needed something to calm his nerves, he took a bottle of fire whisky from the cabinet and downed a shot down his throat. That night Harry had a hard time falling asleep. He wasn't used to sleeping when Ginny wasn't around so he could snuggle up to her. He would end up snuggling up to a pillow as he lay in bed for a few hours until sleep took him away… While Harry was trying to cope with his breakup with Ginny, Ron and Hermione had their own problems. Two days earlier, he gave her a hard time about working too hard; something she never took kindly to. While she was studying at the academy for magical politics, Ron was between jobs trying to provide for the both of them while not fulfilling his potential. This got Hermione increasingly frustrated. While she already had a career planned, Ron hadn't decided what he wanted to do with his life yet. So while she appreciated him bringing food on the table, it troubled her that he's wasting his potential with lame jobs like fixing broomsticks, or selling caldrons. After coming home one afternoon from her studies, she found Ron sitting at the kitchen table reading the newspaper and drinking a butterbeer. She huffed at his lazy behavior, put her books down, and started doing her homework. "How was school today?" he asked. "Was fine." She said, not lifting her head from her books. "Good. How's that report coming along?" Hermione rolled her eyes with annoyance. Can't he see she's trying to concentrate? "It's going fine Ronald." She huffed. "What are you so angry about?" he asked. "I'm not angry." She denied. "So what's with the attitude?" "Because you're getting in my way. I'm trying to study here." "Well sorry for trying to be nice Miss Perfect! Is it now a crime trying to ask my girlfriend how her day was?" Feeling a little offended, yet slightly guilty for being so blunt, Hermione tried to apologize. She looked up to face him for the first time. "I'm sorry Ron; I'm just very stressed out lately so I want to get this done as soon as possible." "What about what you said about me getting in your way? Is me supporting us both getting in your way too? Huh?!" he snapped. Feeling a little scared, Hermione recoiled. "No of course not…" she muttered but soon regaining her courage, she added "But it would be nice to see you do something meaningful with your life Ron. I don't want you spending the rest of your life with these lame jobs. You're better than this." "Oh great, this again…" muttered Ron. "I only say this because I care Ron. It makes me sad to see you waste your life like this." "Well I don't need your caring okay?! I told you several times I'm just earning some money so we'll have some extra just in case and I want to take a break from studying. I've had enough of it for a while over the last few years…" Among all he said only one thing stood out to her. "You don't care that I care about you?" she asked in a hollow voice. Ron froze. He shouldn't have said that. "Hermione I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that." "But did you mean it?" "I don't know… I say all kind of things when I'm angry, I don't think straight during these times…" Hermione's lip quivered slightly, then she sobbed and ran into the bathroom and closed the door. Ron sighed and sat down back by the table. He placed his elbow on it and rested his head in his palm. That night Ron was forced to sleep on the couch. The tension between them grew until they had a fight that ended it all. "Why do you always have to be such a jerk?!" yelled Hermione in the heat of another argument. "I'm not being a jerk! You're just being annoying and invasive!" retorted Ron. "You may see it as being invasive but I only ask about you and try to help you because I care. I rarely act nastily to you on purpose!" "What's that supposed to mean?!" he retorted angrily. "That you treat me poorly most of the time. He either act nasty or ignore me and just sit by the table, read your bloody newspaper