The boy I love to love I do not own Harry Potter (but you already know that don't you?) After Ron left things had changed. She couldn't remember the last time it was just her and Harry. She felt a vaguely familiar and long forgotten feeling of intimacy between them. She thought he felt it too. There was tension in the air that almost felt like clay dough. It was both suffocating yet also intoxicating. A feeling of longing and belonging for each other's love and company. One night she fell asleep on the couch and it was cold that night. Harry found her sleeping like that with an open book on her lap. He gently removed the book from her hands and put it away. Then, he placed a blanket around her and tucked her in cozily. Lastly, after hesitating for a bit, he kissed her lightly on the forehead. She wasn't certain how she knew all this but she just did. She could feel Harry's kindness and caring towards her no matter what she was doing. Even if she was asleep… Two weeks after Ron's disappearance, Hermione was sitting sadly on the floor of the tent listening to the radio in melancholy. It made him very sad to see her like that. He walked across the tent and reached his hand out to her. Feeling as if she was facing her fate or had nothing better to do, she took his hand as he pulled her to her feet and started dancing with his long time friend; Hermione Granger. At first the movements were subtle, but soon they got into the beat of the music and started dancing happily in the dimly lit tent. When she rested in his arms, she felt a strange feeling of tranquility and security. She felt like she belonged with him, belonged to be in his arms. It felt like they were her home. He was her home. Her all. She loved him dearly and wanted nothing more than to be with him and make him her own. She was on the verge of confessing but her rational side stopped her. It wouldn't be fair to Harry if she told him that now. She didn't want him to be more troubled than he is now. She knew he would worry about breaking her heart if he died if they indulged in a romance now. She didn't want his last thought before he died, to be worry for her safety and emotional wellbeing after his demise while realizing too late how he felt about her. Assuming he saw her that way at all. Then the emotional and more selfish part of her wanted to just blurt it out and even make love to him right here and now if she could. But she couldn't and she hated that… When the music stopped they separated. They peered into each other's eyes briefly until moving away, narrowly avoiding a kiss that could have led to something more. Much more. Something she craved and yearned for with all her being for a long time but knew she couldn't have. At least not till this was over. She hoped, he would return her feelings if he would live to see the end of this war and she hoped… that she would have a chance to be with him if he didn't make it, or her for that matter… That night Hermione cried herself to sleep. Harry had a feeling he knew what was going on, but knew that opening it now would make things more painful for her. He sat by her bed after she finally fell asleep. He stroked her hair and cheek slightly, feeling terrible about himself. "I'm sorry about this Hermione… I know how you feel about me. I love you and appreciate you more than you'll ever know and I would do anything to protect you... even if it means to protect emotionally. I don't want you to be crushed if I die in this war. After knowing you for seven years. you would be shattered either way. If we indulge in a romance it will make things worse. But I promise you baby… if we both live through this bloody war, I'll be yours for now and forever… if you will still want me to be yours…" he whispered lovingly to her and leaned forward to kiss her forehead as she hummed softly as she slept. Then he got up and placed a glass of fresh water on her nightstand for when she wakes up and went to the entrance of the tent to keep watch. The next morning, Hermione woke up with a sad look on her face. Her most cherished dream and wish in life has been fulfilled… but only in her head… she sighed sadly as she sat up. Then she noticed the glass of water by her bed. She glanced towards the entrance to the tent and saw Harry sitting there peacefully. She smiled warmly at him for his kindness, hoping the kind speech he gave her wasn't a dream after all, as she downed the cup of water in one go. Two days latter, Ron has returned and things got painfully awkward. He didn't miss a thing. He knew something was up with Harry and Hermione and he didn't like it. He still had feelings for Hermione. But when he saw her with that sad, longing look pointed towards Harry, he gave up his plans for courting her. He could never have the heart to do so, with her looking at Harry as if he was something she loved dearly but could never have and would remain out of her reach forever… Things got worse when the battle of Hogwarts began several days later. Hermione did her best to fight against the death eaters and protect her friends. But her primary concern was Harry. After loosing friends and allies one by one, the boy she's come to love at her core, was getting increasingly miserable, and his emotional output dimmed. After Snape was killed and Voldemort gave them his final warning, Hermione knew it was over for him. For them. For her. He told them he was going to look at Snape's last memories. He entered Dumbledore's office with feelings and expressions of apathy. After what he's been through tonight, he lost all ability to show or feel emotion at this point. He took out the pensive and dived into the psyche of the man he hated all his life, in hopes for it being some sort of relief or salvation. What he saw in it shocked him. He never knew that his old and now dead potion's master loved his mother. Surprisingly, he treated her rather nicely most of the time but he was angered when he saw him call her a mud blood. After that incident, Lily never spoke to him till the day she died. Snape tried to make peace with her but she wouldn't listen. The night his parent's died he saw Snape make his way up the stairs in his old house in Godric's Hollow. When he saw him discover Lily's frail frame lying motionlessly and lifelessly on the floor by Harry's crib and wail with grief as he held her in his arms, Harry felt a wave of pity for a man he never thought he could. He often felt Dumbledore made a mistake for trusting him. He never said why, but despite that, Harry didn't think the old headmaster had a good reason for trusting Snape as nasty as he was. After witnessing this, Harry realized he was telling the truth on levels he did not imagine. When he saw the final memory with him talking to Snape, he knew that his fears were correct. He had to die. He had to die to kill Voldemort. He would have too say goodbye to a life that was too short-lived. Most of it an unhappy one. He looked back at how wonderfully his life changed when he came to Hogwarts. When he made friends for the first time in his life. When he made friends with Hermione. He always thought she was cute. Even when they didn't get along so well in the beginning of their first year. By the end of their fifth year, he knew he was in love with her. But then he knew about the prophecy. Romancing with Hermione while they knew he would have to die soon would be unfair to her so he locked those feelings away, no matter how wrong or hard it seemed. He sat on the floor in the dark headmaster's office. Trying to regain his feelings and thoughts. After he calmed down a bit, at least as much as he could, he walked down the stairs to confront his fate. On the way, he found Hermione and Ron sitting sadly on one of the stairs, trying to comfort each other. They noticed him and stood up. "Where've you been?" she asked. "We thought you went to the forest." Added Ron with an alarmed tone. "I'm going there now." "Are you mad? You can't give yourself up to him!" Hermione could tell he was being more emotionally dim than usual. "What is it Harry? What is it that you know?" "There's a reason I can hear them. The Horcruxes. I think I've known for a while…. But I think you did too…" he said grimly, trying to find the most delicate way to put to her. He hated to see her so miserable. He hated that this is how she will see him for the last time. That this was his goodbye to her. He hated that he couldn't have the one thing he's truly wanted in life... love… a family… happiness…. he hated the prophecy and everyone involved in it that condemned him to a miserable life, devoid of happiness and love. He hated everything about this world, except his friends and a young girl with bushy brown hair, brown eyes and a smile that could make him melt, which was now replaced by tears and anguish as he cradled her in her arms. He desperately wanted to tell her how he feels. He regretted keeping it bottled up for so long. Why didn't he tell her? If he would have told her at least they could have a chance at love together. The confession was struggling to burst out of his throat... but a boulder of, fear, shame, regret and the persistent concern for Hermione's happiness kept it at bay. He wanted to tell her. He wanted to kiss her, hug her, hold her, make love to her and do everything else a man does with his women of choice. He wished she could know how badly he loves her so… he wanted her to be his wife, raise a family with him and grow old with her... he wanted to tell everyone about it and how he felt about her. Ron, Seamus, Neville... he would even tell Voldemort about it if it would do any good. But he knew that would never be. He kissed her on the cheek and buried his face in hers and grabbed onto and gently stroked her hair like it was a lifeline, hoping that these gestures would convey to her how much he loved her without saying it or tormenting her too much. Finally he let her go and felt the life energy and little bit of happiness left within drain away. He gave a brief hug to Ron and with that he walked away. The school grounds seemed dark and quite despite some parts being on fire or destroyed. He never knew that walking towards his death would be so eerily quite... he walked into the clearing and faced Voldemort for what he believed to be the last time. With one whiff of a wand and a green flash of light, Harry was