Hope I do not own Harry Potter He had lost everyone. He lost his parents when he was a baby and last summer he lost his godfather, the only kind family member he had left. He had no family now. He didn't even bother to consider his aunt and uncle family for treating him so poorly. To him they were family only as a technical formality. Something that exists on paper and for tactical reasons but the fact does not reside in his heart. It never has. Now that Sirius was gone, he felt empty inside. Nullified. Alone. Forever. Upon boarding the train to his sixth year at Hogwarts, Harry had been rather sullen for such an occasion. Usually he'd be happy to return. Hermione embraced him in a hug when she saw him. One he numbly returned. She noticed his coldness and asked about it. All he said in response was that he was okay and didn't get much sleep last night. He could see Hermione didn't buy it but decided to give him his space. On the ride to the castle, he and his two friends shared a compartment together as always. Harry did his best to appear social but even Ron could tell that Harry was troubled, but he refused to say why. They assumed he was still upset about Sirius, but neither Ron nor Hermione were aware of the depth of the pit Harry found himself in, with no hope of salvation; as if there wasn't a rope long enough to help him out of it and that no shovel could help him dig himself out of his misery. When they got there, they joined their friends at the great hall. Harry tried to appear social to his friends but he was never very good at faking. That night, he was the first to go to sleep much to everyone's surprise and concern. "What's wrong with Harry?" asked Seamus. Hermione shook her head with concern. "I don't know what's wrong with him. He's been sullen since this morning…" "Maybe he's still sad." Said Neville. "About what?" inquired Seamus. "About losing his godfather." Blurted out Hermione. It made sense to her now. She got up and walked towards the boy's dorms. "Hermione I think he wants to be alone right now…" pointed out Ron. "Maybe I can still cheer him up…," said Hermione not bothering to look back at her other friend as she climbed up the stairs. Ron sighed and shrugged with apprehension, hoping Hermione's plan doesn't backfire. "Harry?" asked Hermione gently as she knocked softly on the door. She opened it gently and found Harry laying on his bed, still in his day clothes. He seemed to be asleep but she noticed a few things. One, he had a handkerchief in his hand and two, he had tear marks under his eyes. "Oh Harry…" she said sadly, as she sat beside him. She stroked his cheek gently as he slept. "Poor baby…," she muttered. She didn't realize how much he was hurting inside... then she noticed he didn't have his blanket on him. So she covered him up and hesitated. She leaned forward and planted a kiss on his forehead and stroked his face gently again. "It's gonna be okay Harry. You're gonna be alright. I promise…," she said softly as the comatose Harry continued to sleep and she left the room silently. When she came back to the common room, Seamus tried to question her about Harry, but all she did was close her eyes and wave her hand slightly in the negative signifying she doesn't want to talk about it. Based on Hermione's reaction and on the fact that they didn't hear any arguing, they knew that whatever it was that Harry was hurting about, it must have pained him greatly. Hermione made a mental note to try to see if he could get her to talk to her tomorrow. Perhaps it might ease his pain. Ron wanted to help too, but he didn't think he could be sensitive enough for the situation and he didn't want to get in Hermione's way, so he decided to stay put for now, but be of support to Harry however he could. The next morning, they had potions class with Snape. Harry was so emotionally numb, that he just stood there by his caldron, and stirred its contents slowly, not realizing he was stirring it in the wrong direction. When Snape took notice of it, he banished its contents with a flick of a wand. "That's another zero Mister Potter." He said and turned to walk away when he noticed Harry did not respond in any way. In fact, he simply stared at his caldron with apathy and emptiness. Snape smirked cruelly at him. "Are you going to try again Mister Potter or are you going to just stand there and stare all day?" he said but Harry did not respond. "Five points from Gryffindor." Said Snape and walked away. "Please Professor; can't you see Harry is miserable? Can't you please give him a break for a change?" asked Hermione. Snape turned to look and glare at her. "There is no excuse for slacking off in my class Miss Granger. And that's another five points from Gryffindor for you cheek, young lady." Said the man and walked away. Not caring about their lost points all the Gryffindors shot disgusted looks at Snape and gave sympathetic looks towards Harry and Hermione. But only Hermione noticed the tear falling from Harry's eye and her heart broke a little. Even Snape has finally got to him. After potions, they had Transfiguration with Professor McGonagall and Harry was just as silent, and everyone was getting increasingly worried. Whatever it was, that was eating out at his heart, had to be a terrible burden and it had to be lifted fast. Otherwise, he'll sink into a pit of depression he will never recover from. Even the teacher noticed it. She approached the teenager and looked at him. "Is everything alright Potter? You don't look so well…," she asked with concern. He nodded numbly, acting automatically. The women frowned and placed a hand on his forehead. He didn't have a fever. McGonagall seemed like she wanted to to say something, but stopped herself. So she simply said "Get yourself a good night's rest tonight Potter…," she said and he nodded. Everyone thought the comment was a little insensitive, but Hermione felt like the old witch wanted to say something else but not in front of everyone. After the lesson ended, McGonagall called for Harry before he left. She lifted the cover from the cookie jar on her desk as he approached her. When he reached her, she presented him with a cookie. "Have a cookie Potter." She said kindly. He looked at her hand blankly. "It's okay; it's just a butter flavored cookie." She said trying to ease him up. He took the cookie from her hand, turned it around nervously in his fingers, and sighed. "Why are you so miserable Potter?" asked the witch. Harry sighed and closed his eyes tightly, trying to block away the tears. The women placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. "It's not good to keep such things locked inside dear. If you don't want to talk to me about it I'll understand but you need to talk to someone. I'm sure Miss Granger would be happy to help you." She said kindly. The boy nodded. "Thanks Professor." He said in a shaky voice and turned around to walk away as the old witch looked at him sadly. Before long, the whole school became aware of Harry's mood. Never before has the boy been in such crushed spirits. He was so miserable even Malfoy felt it would be unfair to pick on him about it. That night, Harry cried himself to sleep but didn't know that Ron heard him. The boy tried to console his friend the next morning and tried to find out what was wrong with him, but he wouldn't corporate. By that evening, Harry was looking ghost like. His face was pale and expressionless, his hair and clothes were messier than usual, his eyes were red and he had bags under his eyes. He didn't seem to be sleeping much either. That night he went to his room early once again, only this time Hermione joined him soon afterwards. She found him lying in his bed crying his eyes out. Hermione had never seen him in such a broken state of misery and despair. She sat down beside him on his bed, scooped him up, and brought him into a warm hug. Harry didn't seem to mind being intruded. Instead, he wept onto Hermione's shoulder for the next half hour until he ran out of tears and slowly calmed down, as Hermione made soothing sounds to try to calm him down and rubbed her hand up and down his back to try and sooth him. When he stopped weeping and his breathing settled, Hermione spoke softly. "Harry, please tell me what's wrong. I cannot stand seeing you so miserable. Ron and I are very concerned. We all are." She implored. Harry sniffed and sighed. He took a deep breath and spoke. "I'm alone Hermione… I'm all alone…" "Why do you say that? You have friends who care about you and want you to be happy…" "That's not what I mean…," he said with a sniff. "Then what?" she asked. "I'm alone because I have no family. I lost my parents when I was a baby and last summer I lost my godfather, and I even didn't get to know him well enough. I have no one left anymore, except for my Aunt's family who are as a good family as the Malfoys. I have nobody left now. I'm all alone now… no family, no relatives who care or to talk to… no one… just me and my friends…" Hermione's heart shattered at hearing Harry's emotional pain. "Oh, oh… Harry…" she said sadly and rubbed her hand up and down his back and rested her head on his shoulder. "You're not alone. You still have friends who care about you. We love you Harry. We're you're family now…" Harry sniffed. "It's still not an actual family." "But it's just as good. You also have the Wesleas. They are like an adoptive family to you. Molly sees you as one of her sons, and Ron sees you as a brother. Doesn't that count for something?" Harry sighed. "I suppose it does." "You also have me Harry. I would do anything for you. I would do anything I can to make you happy…" A small, long forgotten smile formed on Harry's lips. "Like now?" he asked. "Like now." She agreed, glad she was able to make some progress with him. Harry sighed again. "Thanks Hermione." "You're welcome Harry. Don't torment yourself okay? You're a nice likeable guy. I'm sure you'll have a family of your own someday." "Yeah…" he said softly as he rested in her arms. After a short silence, he spoke. "Hermione?" "Hmm?" "I love you too." He said honestly, feeling like he lifted a heavy load from his heart. Hermione smiled and blushed. "As a friend?" she asked with slight hesitation. "No." he said. "I meant that as in romantic love." He confessed and her smile grew. "I love you too Harry. More than anything in the world." "I'm glad." He said happily as he rested in her embrace. After a short silence, he spoke again. "Hermione?" "Yeah?" "Would you be willing to build that family with me some day?" he asked and she smiled sweetly. "Yes Harry. I'd love to." She said happily, as he rested in her arms. Before long, he fell asleep, so Hermione gently let him go and set him down on his bed. She covered him up and stroked his cheek once more. She planted a kiss on