Title: we drank all of the holy wine Summary: If little Prim keeps acting like this, Gale can definitely see it being easy to play make believe. AU!GalePrim Author's Note: This is what comes out of a four hour delay and a dance competition, bitches. Also, idk if any of you use 8tracks but I posted a playlist with the same name as this because I feel like it. I left the ending open so if I actually want to come back to dis I can. Woooooooo. Hopefully you guys like this because I'm obsessed with GalePrim yeaaah. / They call Katniss' name, that year of the Hunger Games. It's a hot day, unbearably so. Katniss thinks it's a dream. No – a nightmare. She doesn't even know she screamed, but they tell her that she did when she finally wakes up. She's missing hair at the sides of her face. They tell her that she ripped it straight from her temples. Prim is gone, they tell her. Prim volunteered. You are a coward, they don't say, but it doesn't mean that it's any less true. Gale is gone, they tell her. Not a surprise, though. I'm sorry, they say, but it doesn't make the situation any better. Katniss falls back asleep, and when she finally wakes up, she doesn't feel a thing. / Prim raises her hand like the polite little girl she is. "I volunteer to be tribute," she says, her voice steady and strong. Her sister is being dragged away by Peacekeepers, and there is Prim, with the duck tail and the odds against her, and she is volunteering to die. Needless to say, she is a favorite among the sponsors. When they call Gale Hawthorne, Prim blushes deep red and for once in his life, he notices little things about her. He notices how her hair is almost white, and internally, he smiles when he sees the faint traces of coal at the ends. He notices how she is so tiny, more so than Katniss has ever been. He takes her hand, and he feels how soft it is, how nice it feels to hold it – And then, he thinks, we are going to die . Prim smiles for the crowd and watches all of the pretty faces on the television celebrate. / Their mentor is drunk and his belly slightly rolls over his pants. Gale hates him immediately, but Prim loves him, often bringing him his wine and listening to stories about his past. Gale can see that although Haymitch is mean and grumpy, he can't help but like Prim. Gale can't help but like Prim. There's something about Prim that Katniss lacks – how she can smile about something utterly grim, make situations better by making others happy. Occasionally, he wonders though, if Prim is really happy. There are moments when she'll bring Haymitch another glass of vodka and her smile will falter for just a moment. And then, she'll meet Gale's eyes and smile one of the brightest smiles he's seen. He likes it when she smiles, because all of the negativity and bad thoughts kind of mute themselves for a little bit when he sees her tiny incisors. / Haymitch announces the master plan, and Gale can't help that it's kind of genius. "Star-crossed lovers," he says with a sweeping motion that makes Prim giggle. "Love defying age and Games and all that shit." Gale can't picture anyone buying it, but when he turns to Prim, she looks determined. "Okay," she says, "I can pretend to be in love." "I'm in," he says then, in a steady voice. "I can do it." He thinks it's kind of easy to pretend to be in love with Prim. / When they come back from the stylists, his head practically spins around. They've removed the coal from Prim's hair and her hair seems more white. She is not just pretty. She is beautiful with lips the color of roses and eyes framed by thick lashes. He feels his palms sweat. He feels like a little kid who's just seen a pretty girl for the first time. "What do you think?" she asks Haymitch and Gale, tugging on her hair and her tight black flame suit like they're making her itchy. "You look like you're not a kid," Haymitch says before taking another swig of wine. Prim chuckles, looks at Gale expectantly with her big, pretty eyes and he chokes out, "You look good." Haymitch smirks into his wine glass while Gale looks up at the ceiling. From the corner of his eye, he can see Prim's cheeks flush, and she looks even prettier like that. "Very interesting," Haymitch says, "I think this plan is definitely going to work." Gale has to fight off the color before it rises to his cheeks. "I like your suit," Prim says under her breath, so Haymitch can't hear, "It's very form fitting." She giggles and he snaps the fabric of her matching suit. She sticks her tongue at him and turns away to go talk to Haymitch. He notices that hers is very form fitting as well. / Haymitch and Gale plan for the training sessions. Prim seems to be lacking in fighting skill, so they decide she'll keep behind in the shadows while Gale will attempt to get a high score. No one thought that Prim would be a fighter at heart, but when she's at the knife throwing station, she lodges the knife in the dummy's heart. And when given a bow and arrow, she can shoot moving targets as well as still ones. When Gale looks at her with a slackened jaw, she grins madly. "What?" she asks teasingly, "You thought Katniss was the only one who was good with an arrow?" She laughs to herself and moves on to the next station, hips swaying back and forth in a tantalizing way. Gale doesn't even remember who she is for a minute, but when he does, he averts his eyes and runs to catch up with her. If little Prim keeps acting like this, Gale can definitely see it being easy to play make believe. / Haymitch claps Prim on the back when she's awarded an eight at the training session. He sloshes a glass of whiskey at her, but she politely declines. "Congratulations, Prim," he says while smiling, "An eight is awesome." Her little devil grin creeps onto her face, "Seven is good too. I mean, it's obviously less than an eight... But it's good ." He grins back at her and ruffles her hair, and when she looks up at him, her mouth turned into a pretend scowl before breaking into a smile, he feels something creeping in the pit of his stomach. "You're such a little jerk," he says, chuckling to himself. She twines her fingers in his, then and looks up at him, "But you love it, don't you?" He rolls his eyes, but thinks, yeah, I kind of do . / She took one of Haymitch's bottles, he realizes, because Prim would never act like this. She's on his bed, wearing one of the Capitol nightdresses, and it falls off her shoulder because she's so damn small. She kicks her legs back and forth, staring at the ceiling with a loopy smile on her lips. "Do you sometimes wonder how you are going to die?" He nods, and then realizes she isn't looking, "Yeah. A lot, actually." She looks at him then, her eyes brighter than they've ever been, and he wonders if it's from the liquor or from something else. "I don't," she says happily, "Isn't that strange?" "A little." "I wonder about you, though. Like what you're thinking and what your smiles mean. You never smiled at home, but now, you're smiling. It's also kind of strange." His head is spinning from the multitude of thoughts, but he realizes, it is true. He smiles around Prim even though their predicament is far from delightful. "I guess that is strange that I smile here." She offers him the bottle, and for once, he decides to take a drink. It's bitter and smells awful, but he chugs it. She gestures for him to lay down next to her, and he flops himself on his bed. She smells freshly clean and her hair smells like honey and jasmine and he loses his breath a little. "Do you think Katniss will mind that we're going to pretend we're in love?" He looks at her, and sees the slight twinkle of fear in Prim's eyes. "No," he lies. "I doubt she'll think it means anything, really. Just another tactic to win." He doesn't know if he's lying to himself or to Prim, but he feels his heart drop a little when she says oh , in the small voice she uses when she doesn't understand something. He doesn't understand either. Not until she suddenly turns and barely kisses him, and he feels his palms against her skin, and then he kind of gets it. She pulls away for a second and he sees fire in her eyes, "Do you think she'd mind that?" He gets a little breathless and kisses her again and wonders if it's her first kiss, because suddenly, he really, really hopes it is. It feels like it's his. "I think she would mind," he says after a few minutes of kissing. "Do you care?" Prim asks, and it isn't malicious or cruel, it's an honest question. "I don't think I do," he says. She smiles when she kisses him, and he wonders if he's been allowed to touch her like this because he might not be able to soon. He's never had anything special before, but when he touches her veins and feels her lifelines, it feels like it might be pretty easy to lose something special. / The next day, they both come out of his room for breakfast and eat ravenously. "Seems like two people had a really fun night," Haymitch says conversationally. Prim laughs and Gale traces loops onto her exposed thigh. She blushes so badly that Gale laughs too. / They do the interviews perfectly, and Haymitch congratulates them, even though it doesn't seem like it's a tactic anymore. Gale watches them in his bedroom the same night, and looks at how his face changed when he started talking about Prim. He thinks about the words he chose to describe how he felt, and then curses himself for not saying more, like how she makes things lovely with her smile and how her blush felt against his skin when he kissed her. He wonders what Katniss is thinking, right at that exact moment. He doesn't know if she really believes he loves Prim or if she's wondering if he's thinking about her. He shakes his head to himself, because girls like Katniss are not the same as girls like Prim, because Katniss doesn't think the same pretty thoughts that Prim does. That's why he liked Katniss so much, initially. He doesn't realize he thinks about Katniss in the past tense. / The sponsors go even crazier over them, because they're not just the girl and boy on fire, they're star-crossed lovers, Lolita and Humbert Humbert (Gale doesn't get the reference, but Prim laughs so hard she folds into herself) – Gale and Prim from District Twelve. They lay on her bed, side by side, and Gale feels like they are in another place completely. "One more day," Prim says, breaking the silence. He whispers, "Do you sometimes wonder how you are going to die?" She looks at him tiredly, "Yeah, sometimes I do." He kisses her lips and tastes all of those star-crossed tales that they are compared to. "There's a chance we'll come out to be a tragedy, you know," she says, leaning her forehead against his. "All the best stories are." "If you die, I'll die too," he fiercely says, because he is