Disclaimer: We don't own Alec and Renesmee, for reasons we still don't understand. That doesn't mean we can't pretend, though. Happy reading, darlings! -Cee and Tiff {IITM} Lost In The Dark By: InspiredInTheMoment Chapter I: Memoirs " I love you. More than anything." " I love you too, Momma. We'll always be together." " In our hearts we'll always be together. But when the time comes today, you have to leave me. Will you do it for me? Please?" Why? " I can't tell you. But you'll understand soon. I promise." I never understood. That was one promise that my mother couldn't keep, which is saying something, because my mother was amazing. The strongest woman I'll ever know. She understood me like no one else did, protected me when no one else would. Not even my own father. Perhaps I'm not telling the story from the correct place; let me start over. Isabella Cullen was no stronger to things that went bump in the night, even when she was human. When she was human, being the key word. There is another species in the world besides human There is another that walks among us, predators that have the instincts of a carnivorous animal. They have the appearance of a god, the speed as fast as lightning, reflexes that would make your head spin, and strength. A lot of strength; not to mention alluring charm and charisma, which they usually use to entice their prey sexually. These creatures I speak of are vampires. My father, Edward Cullen, was a vampire. He and my mom fell in love, while she was still human. Anyone could see the problem there, seeing as she as his singer and all. A singer is a human that especially entices the vampire, and nothing else matters in the world but their blood. However, he got control of it. They had some problems along the way, but in the end, they were happy and decided to get married before turning her into a vampire, something Dad didn't want to do at all. Turning a human into a vampire is an excruciating process, one that my mom had to go through on top of everything else, like giving birth to me, which I heard was an equally disturbing experience. See, when I was conceived, my mom was still human. I know, how kinky. When they all discovered she was pregnant, they couldn't believe it. It was unheard of, a vampire creating life. But obviously, all it takes is a male vamp and a female human to get it on and tada: Mutant baby. That's what I am, actually. Half human, half vampire. I have the appearance of a vampire, so called miraculous beauty. My skin is pale, like my father, but my eyes are like my mom's when she was human; a dark, chocolate brown. I don't need blood, but I need it, if that makes any sense. I can live off of human food, but I prefer my instinctive diet. I grew fast back then. Each day I'd grow taller, smarter, faster. I was happy with my life. It was just me, my family and Jacob. Jacob Black, my everything. Jacob is a werewolf. (Yes, I know. How convenient that those exist too along with vampires.) And the thing with werewolves, they go through this thing called Imprinting. It's when he 'sees' her. I guess I'm 'her' because Jake Imprinted on me. It basically means that he's always going to be there for me, and he'll be whatever I need him to be. He really did prove that when he had to take me away from everything I knew and loved to save me. Save me from whom, one would ask? The Volturi, the largest and most powerful coven of vampires that ever existed. They keep peace and order among the supernatural world, and they're basically royal. They all possess some form of ability and some vampires are gifted with. For example, Dad read minds. Things like that. I was also "gifted" with the ability to project my thoughts into other people's minds if I wish to by touching them. But I'm getting off track. The point is, the Volturi thought I was an immortal child, a deadly and sadistic creature. It is absolutely forbidden to change a child into a vampire, no matter the circumstance. The consequences were execution. I was seen, and instantly presumed one of those vile creatures, because of my appearance and abilities. No one understood what I was, because as I said before, it was unheard of. Long story short: the Volturi came to my town, intending to kill. And kill they did. My family, my beautiful family… Carlisle, Esme, Emmett, Rosalie, Alice, Jasper…my parents… They were all dead. My mother made sure that I was gone before the battle broke out, making Jacob take me and run. When we were fleeing, picturing all their faces in my mind, I knew that I would never see them again. That was confirmed several days later when none of them contacted us. It was just me and Jacob, all alone in the world. I wasn't one to use the word hate a lot, but I hated the Volturi, I hated all of them. I hated myself even more. Had I not existed at all, my family would be alive and happy. My father would have turned my mom into a vampire out of choice, and not in a life or death situation. They could be traveling the world together, in love and happy. I wasn't supposed to exist within this world. The world, in return, didn't want me either. Whatever my parents would tell me, I know better. I was a mistake; an accident, a casualty in a moment of passion. When my mother carried me, I wasn't wanted by anyone else. My own father wanted to get rid of me to save Mom's life. He was right. It would have saved her. But the complexity of that was there wasn't any way they could have killed me then. I was too strong, too stubborn. Unnatural. Yes, it was the Volturi's hands which is stained with my family's blood, but if it weren't for my existence, there would have never been any blood shed. I will never forgive myself for their deaths. Never. My name is Vanessa Wolfe to the living. She's a young, fresh faced and beautiful young woman on the verge of great things. Life is just her playground, her fairytale. My name is Renesmee Cullen to the undead. She's an eleven year old being trapped inside a seventeen year old body. Her beauty is deceiving. Everything she touches turns to ash, and life doesn't want her back. Though I would have never tell any of this to Jacob. I've never let him know how much I really hate myself. He wouldn't understand, anyways. He's blinded by his love for me. He and I never really did the whole romantic thing with our relationship. We started to at one point, really we did. Cuddled and kissed and all that, but it never really felt like it was us. I told him that I just wanted to be friends, and surprisingly, he was okay with that. I think he felt the same way about it. It's like we were too connected and bonded to be in love. Too much had happened between us. We were just Jake and Nessie; soul mates, but not lovers. And that was just fine. Jacob is Native American, with beautiful copper skin. It was the exact opposite of my deathly pale skin. But despite that fact, we matched in every other way possible. He was my family, the only family I had left. All my memories of my family, or Forks, all of that rested within Jacob. He reminded me of it everyday. That is until one final act that completely shredded my world apart. Up until two years ago, I thought I was happy, at least, as happy as I'd ever let myself be. But it was easy feeling happy with Jake around; he always knew how to make me smile, even when I didn't want to. I keep replaying that day in my head, letting my mind cover every inch of my memory, hoping to find the missing puzzle piece. It wasn't like a series of strange or disturbing events had let up to that point, it just happened out of nowhere. I had no way of preparing myself for it, because honestly, I never thought it was possible. My head was starting to ache, and I rubbed my temples in exhaustion, going back to that afternoon, once again. I don't even know why I tortured myself like this, I wouldn't get anywhere. But I couldn't help it, and soon it felt like I was right back there. Right back in New Mexico, which was where we'd been living at the time. I was right back in that damn ugly house with bright pink paint, sitting on that damn couch, staring at the damn TV. " What's wrong, Nessie? You look tired." Jake commented, plopping himself next to me, spreading his long arm across the back of the couch. I shrugged in response. " I'm fine…I was just thinking about…." I sighed in irritation. I was not going to feel sorry for myself today. I was not going to cry again. It's been nine years since it happened, and I had to stop this brooding crap. "Never mind." I couldn't keep feeling this way; I was sick of feeling this way. Sometimes I wondered how I'd do with some counseling, but then figured that probably wasn't the best of ideas. What would I say to the poor therapist? ' Hi, I'm Renes- I mean Vanessa. No, that's not a fake name. I'm nine years old and no, I don't play with Barbies anymore, which may seem weird and all because I'm in fact only nine, but you wouldn't really think that if you knew that I was studying World War II by the time I was a year old. Anyhow, my family was slaughtered because they were only trying to protect me against an evil coven of monsters who drink blood and did I mention I'm only half human? I don't really see how therapy would help me. You have to tell the truth in therapy, and for obvious reasons, I just can't do that. I couldn't very well talk to Jacob about it, because I know he'd just argue with me about how it wasn't my fault. I didn't want to hear it. Jacob frowned and reached to grab the remote control, turning off the TV, leaving nothing but silence filling the air. " I miss them too…" He said simply, his voice somber. I leaned into his side, resting my head on his shoulder and wrapping my arm around his waist. He pulled me close and into his strong arms, and I fought back tears. Today was one of those days; the days that reminded me that they weren't here and I was never going to see them again. I mean, it's obvious that I already knew this any other day. But sometimes it was just worse than others. Sometimes I could handle it and distract myself, and other times I just couldn't find it in me. All I could think about was their faces…they were so brave, so damn strong. They knew that they were more than likely going to die, and yet they didn't back down. I wish I could be fearless like them, not scared of anything that came my way. They were so amazing, each of them in their own way. Dad, with his ability to read minds and make me feel safe without even doing anything, that smile he'd give me that was impossible not to return. Mom with the warmth in her voice and how happy she made me,