Though the aged wooden sign above the cottage door was so faded that Newt could only make out the word Apothecary , he didn't need to read the proper title to know exactly where he was—he'd spent several weeks in this very place throughout his years at Hogwarts. The work order assigned to him from the Ministry early that morning had only an address, so to say that he was stunned when his travels took him to the door of the very person his thoughts had been preoccupied with for the past nine years would've been a gross understatement. He stared at the front of the house from where he stood, approximately four yards away, and scratched his head. Both the logical and emotional parts within him implored him to move forward, to knock on that door and face his destiny, if you will. His feet, however, were not on the reciprocating end of that message. They forced him to stay put and continue fiddling with the hem of his vest. "Well," he said to himself as he looked around, unable to deny the swelling of anticipation in his chest. "Come on then." After wiping his palms on his jacket, he picked up his case and, as casually as he could manage, strode toward the door. When he caught his reflection in the panes of glass, he quickly pulled his hand back from the knob and smoothed out his hair. Once he could be sure there were no remains of the sandwich he'd eaten on the train left his in his teeth and he no longer had the appearance of someone who'd slept in his office the night before, he knocked. Simultaneously, he felt disappointed and relieved when it went unanswered. He paused a beat before rapping his knuckles against the door once more. It was met with the same response. So he resigned to wait. As the seconds ticked on, however, Newt's mind raced. Had she known he was coming? She surely could've expected him—where else would he be working? Or maybe she truly hadn't known. Perhaps she spotted him through the window and decided that whatever her creature problem was, she could solve it on her own? Realistically, though, the Ministry could be incredibly vague on the timing of house calls. He had made the trip as fast as possible, and she may have been expecting someone later that afternoon. Likewise, she could've been out of earshot when he knocked. Well, whatever the reason, he was becoming increasingly overwhelmed at the prospect of seeing her again. Flustered, he shoved his watch back into his pocket with enough force that it fell right back out. Thank goodness for the chain. If his third knock went unanswered, he decided indignantly, he would leave right then and there. But as soon as he turned to walk away, he thought better of it and took a detour into the backyard. It was just as he remembered, if not more beautiful. The garden, which may have been better described as an overgrown jungle, was in full bloom. It made him happy to know that she was well enough to tend to it. Newt regarded everything in awe as he slowly followed the winding pathway, from the most basic muggle daisies to Venomous Tentacula. Upon further inspection, he saw several smallish greenhouses several hundred yards from the back of the house. If he recalled correctly, of which there was a high probability, each contained a separate habitat for various plant species. True to form, Newt became distracted as he took in the magnificent garden and the view of the surrounding countryside. His thoughts began to shift to all the creatures one could possibly find roaming these meadows and stretch of forest off to the north. And the property reminded him so much of home. He'd grown up in a quaint house where his mother had enough space on their property to breed Hippogriffs. This location was quite comparable and he found it positively charming. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a Wiggentree. The creatures that generally accompanied such trees happened to be some of his favorites, so it would be downright silly not to have a look. He knelt down to inspect the tree, careful not to frighten any of its inhabitants. "Excuse me." A feminine voice, muffled by the foliage, called out from somewhere behind Newt. "Can I help you, sir?" Newt whirled around, his heart slamming into his ribcage. This was it. However, where he expected to a see a petite young woman, he only a large Irish Wolfhound the color of charcoal staring at him. Still on his knees, he scooted back immediately. Newt could tell he was being assessed and the verdict was yet to be determined. "Er." He glanced around, confused. The dog sniffed the air. "Hello." Lowering his gaze, Newt limply held out his hand, palm down. The dog's wet nose pressed against his skin. A woman suddenly rounded the corner, smiling softly. "She won't hurt y—" With a sharp gasp, she froze. The dog looked up at its mistress before casting a wary glance at Newt. "Merlin's beard." Newt rose to his feet, unsteady. He felt a sudden loss of the ability to breathe and his heart fluttered to a brief stop. Despite having enough time to prepare for this moment, he stood there staring blanking at his school sweetheart, who was just as breathtaking as ever. Bloody hell. When she met his bewildered gaze, he quickly dropped his eyes down to the pathway, hesitating for several moments before bringing them back to her face. "Molly." He fought the smile tugging at his lips until he could properly assess the situation. "Newt?" Her surprised expression told him that she certainly had not been expecting to see him that afternoon. "I, uh, I'm sorry for intruding. I knocked, um, several times, but there was, ah, no answer. Figured you may not have heard me." "Wha—did the Ministry send you?" Molly's voice was breathy. She felt her limbs twitching anxiously, desperate to embrace him, but she stayed resolute. He'd grown a few inches since she'd seen him last, and of course he had aged, but he was still that handsome, awkwardly charming young man she'd fallen in love with. "Yes." He nodded sharply and began studying the mortar between the stones of the pathway. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." "No," she said absently, following his gaze. Then she straightened up. "No, don't apologize. I, uh, I just didn't realize they were sending you out on these types of jobs." "Oh—" "I had hoped, but I didn't think…" she laughed nervously. "Oh?" He smiled now, cheeks flushed, and his shoulders relaxed upon seeing that Molly didn't appear to harbor any ill feelings toward him. In fact, she'd wanted to see him. "It's been a long time." "I know." Newt felt his heart break twice over with every word. Not wanting to see any hurt in her eyes, he looked down at his shoes again. Molly left school before the first semester of her fifth year ended. They'd corresponded through owl post quite regularly up until the month before his expulsion later that year. After that, he couldn't bare to tell her what had happened, so he simply stopped writing. He'd been a confused teenaged boy and he made a mistake—several mistakes. By the time he figured out what he wanted to say to her, it was too late. Had he known the consequences of that action…just thinking about it now made his chest ache. "You're looking very well, Newt." Her voice drew him back to the present, and once he found her eyes again, he couldn't look away. It felt as if not a single moment had passed between them since they last saw one another. She glanced down quickly at her own shoes—an old pair of wellies. Loose hair fell in front of her face again, and Newt's fingers fought their trained reflex to brush it back. She was the only human he'd ever had even the slightest inkling of how to care for, even after Leta Lestrange had come and gone from his life. When he struggled to find a response, Molly just shook her head and chuckled. She was misinterpreting his speechlessness. Newt found himself reaching toward her, wanting to take her hand in his and explain. "It's alright, Newt. I realize how I must look." Newt raised his head instantly and met her eyes. Yes, he saw the sallowness of her skin and the dark circles underneath her eyes. Regardless, though, her smile was just as striking as it always had been and her eyes sparkled. He shook his head firmly. "Beautiful." Newt's fondness for Molly began immediately upon spotting her in the Great Hall. He didn't have to think hard to remember her sorting ceremony, and he was sure the reason he remembered it so well was because it was the very first time Newt felt like he might possibly have a chance of connecting with another person. She was such a little thing then, with large, round eyes, that Newt had to wonder if she was even eleven. Judging from the snickers, others at the table were wondering the same thing. When the small group of unsorted First Years passed by, Molly beamed at her older brother and jovially waved in the way that only unblemished young children can. He, a thirteen-year-old and one of the more "well adjusted" students, waved back stiffly, looking irritated that his little sister dare address him in public. "Oy, Marcus," someone sniggered. "Is your sister part house elf?" Marcus shushed them a little, but couldn't hide his own laughter. The little girl's cheeks flushed pink as she looked away, but she kept walking. No longer interested in eavesdropping on the Third Years' conversation, especially when they were teasing a little girl, Newt uncovered the small leather-bound book he'd been hiding up his sleeve and continued to read until the ceremony began. An hour or so later, he watched the same young girl pop up from the table across the room once her name was called. Molly Cardaemon. She strode as confidently as she could manage toward the front of the hall. Cringing slightly as the hat was lowered onto her head, Molly squeezed her eyes shut. The hat barely brushed the top of her head before it bellowed: "HUFFLEPUFF!" Molly looked positively relieved as she gently slipped off the stool and floated over to the house table. Newt remembered having that exact feeling the previous year; he recognized Molly as one of those people who, like him, might not have been built for the other houses and would've suffered greatly had she been sorted any differently. Cheers erupted from the table, but Newt knew from experience that the noise level had nothing to do with their new housemate, but rather everything to do with the excitement of being back at school (for most) and the unspoken competition with the other houses to see who could cheer the loudest. It was evident when nobody dared give up a seat. Was it because of her size? Or was it because her dark brown eyes were quite large and round, reminding Newt of the mooncalves he'd read about over the summer? He didn't know, but couldn't bare to see something so innocent suffer, so he scooted over as she made her way to his side of the table. She saw the open spot right away, which eliminated the need for him to speak up—this, he was thankful for. She looked at him, both grateful and so delicately elated that she, too, was a Hufflepuff like her brother, and probably their parents. Molly soon discovered that Newt wasn't going to pull her braids, tease her for being so small, or really say much of anything at all. If she wanted to spend an entire afternoon drawing