Confessions DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters or any quotes used. WARNING: This is a WolfStar story, so expect slash. Also, be prepared for an AU ending because I'm a sucker for happy endings. Chapter I: An Animagus Reveal Remus Lupin exhaled quietly and turned onto his back to stare up at the dark ceiling, illuminated by streetlight filtering through the curtains. He could just-say make out the swirly patterns that littered the bedroom ceiling at the Potter Mansion. Sighing silently again, Remus' mind reverted back to the events of the previous few days. At the end of fifth year, he (and the other Marauders) had been invited to stay at the Potters' for a couple of weeks during the summer leading up to sixth year. Remus had been, understandably, apprehensive at first – what with the full moon being within the two weeks that James had originally suggested – but James had adjusted the dates just so Remus could join them. And though Remus had told his friend that it was unnecessary, the Pureblood had insisted, changing the dates to the last fortnight of their summer holidays. Remus had been unbelievably grateful. Most of his summer had been good, but he had missed his friends immensely, and when the time came for him to visit the Potters, Remus was ready and excited to see his rambunctious friends again. However, he had arrived late as the Floo in his house had broken and his mum had had to drop him off by car. When he arrived, a couple of days earlier, Peter and Sirius were already there. Sirius had dropped the bombshell that he had ran away from Grimmauld Place that summer and moved in with the Potters. As rooms had already been decided (with James owning one and now Sirius owning the other), Remus found himself sharing with James – something that he was incredibly thankful for, though he didn't voice it; he didn't think he could handle sharing a room with Sirius alone. Things had been strained between Remus and Sirius since February of their fifth year. Sirius had let slip some vital information, almost turning Remus into a murderer, and it had taken the werewolf over a month before he could talk to Sirius, let alone begin to forgive him. In those nearly two months of silence, the Marauders had been split. Sirius had apologised every day but Remus had refused to listen. Eventually, Remus decided to hear Sirius out (after a discussion with Professor McGonagall, Peter, and Lily). Sirius had apologised profusely and cried – something which he refused to do in front of anyone – as well as offered up an explanation of sorts. He had thought that Snape would take the information to Dumbledore and be forced into silence. It was understandable, Remus had supposed, and he had forgiven Sirius. But just because he understood Sirius' reasoning, and he had forgiven his friend, it didn't make things any easier. The atmosphere between them was still tense and cautious, even more so when they were alone. It had become an unspoken and accidental rule that they not be alone together. So, Remus was glad that it had probably been Sirius who suggested that Peter stay in his room. Remus sighed heavily again and turned onto his side. He was exasperated. Sleep wouldn't come to him, and it was all because his brain wouldn't shut off. He couldn't stop thinking. His friends were acting odd. Earlier that evening, he had walked into the kitchen and they had all suddenly shut up. When he had inquired what was wrong, they had told him he was being paranoid. But he wasn't. They were hiding something from him, he knew it. And he couldn't help but wonder why. It made him feel twitchy. He didn't like it when they kept things from him. "Remus?" a disembodied voice asked in the darkness, startling Remus from his overconsuming thoughts. "You awake?" Remus nodded before he realised that James probably couldn't see him. "Yes," he whispered back. "Good," James muttered. Remus heard bedsprings creak before, suddenly, James was looming over him, lit wand in hand, grinning like a loon. "Get up, then. We've got something to show you," he whispered excitedly. Remus squinted at the abrupt light shoved in his face but climbed out of the bed. James grinned eagerly and led the way out of the room. Remus stood in the hallway as James crossed over and tapped gently on Sirius' door. A muffled conversation flowed through the wood – probably Peter and Sirius discussing who should get up and answer the door, Remus mused – and it wasn't long before a frowning Peter opened the door. Peter blinked. His eyes slid from a grinning James to a confused Remus to James again before he disappeared back into the room. A minute later, he and Sirius were in the hallway as well and James began leading them all away. James quietly (and quickly due to his obvious excitement) led the group down the stairs, through the various hallways of the Potter mansion, into the kitchen, out of the large doors into the back yard, and down the long path to the 'Chill-Out Shed' – which was basically another house (without a proper upstairs) that James' parents had given him for his personal space. Once inside, James gestured for Remus to take a seat on one of the couches while Peter and Sirius busied themselves with setting up some muffling and opaque charms – to stop anyone overhearing their conversation or seeing them through the windows. Remus sat, patiently watching as the three boys finally stood in a line in front of him with varying expressions. James stood on one end, a massive grin on his face as he bounced up and down on the balls of his feel, obviously unable to keep his energy under control. Peter's frown had disappeared but he looked awkward stood between the two taller dark haired boys, smiling and bobbing his head uneasily. Sirius stood on the other end, his expression indifferent but Remus could sense some semblance of nervousness to him in the way he was fidgeting with his pyjama trouser pocket. After a long bout of silence in which the three standing boys sent each other glances, Remus began to feel a little frustrated. They were definitely hiding something from him. He decided to speak up. "What's going on?" he asked, deciding to get to the point. "Why are you acting so weird?" he addressed them all, staring at each one in turn. After another silence, James spoke up. "We did something." "Something big," Peter added, gnawing on his lip. Remus stared at his friends for a moment, unsure whether to be worried or not. "Right…" he replied warily and waited for them to continue. "It isn't bad," James assured hurriedly, clearly picking up on Remus' tone. "But it wasn't entirely legal, either," Sirius spoke. "Yeah," Peter agreed. "I suppose, then, morally it was bad," he mused. James shot them both a look and they silenced. Remus felt something akin to dread settle in his stomach and he cautiously asked, "What have you done?" "Remember when we found out? About your…condition?" James asked; Remus nodded slowly, not understanding what that day in second year had to do with anything. "Well, we wanted to help you. So, we did some research into it—" "Like good friends do," Peter cut in. "And," Sirius continued for James, "We found out a lot about werewolves and Lycanthropy. We discovered that werewolves don't attack animals in its pack. Just humans and prey." "Okay…" Remus replied. "I don't see what this has to do wi—" "Just, hold on," Peter cut in again. Remus exhaled slowly and sat back stiffly. He wasn't used to being silenced – it wasn't as if he talked loads to begin with. He gestured for them to continue. "So, at first, we read every book in the library that we could find on werewolves. We looked into everything: moon cycles, stages and phases, the effects before and after the moon, the actual transformations, statistics. Everything . We looked into cures first, but there aren't any. Sorry, Remus," James said, seemingly ashamed. "It's okay," Remus replied, sending a reassuring smile. "There are none, I know that. My mum and dad already tried." "When we couldn't find a cure, we looked into alternatives. Some other way we could help you," Sirius said. "Maybe we should just show him," Peter suggested. "We can tell him all the details later but James looks like he's about to pop a blood vessel." They all looked at a restless James before Sirius nodded at Peter. "Who wants to go first?" "Why don't we all just go together?" Peter proposed, and James and Sirius nodded. Remus watched the three boys opposite him warily, curiosity overtaking the dread of them doing something illegal. They all had their eyes closed and looked to be focussing pretty hard on whatever task they were doing. Remus blinked and, suddenly, in front of him stood three animals. He yelped and hastily pulled his feet up onto the couch as a larger-than-average rat scuttled towards him. He pulled his legs closer to his chest for protection as the rat's face peeked over the edge to look at him. It squeaked and Remus felt as though it was trying to communicate with him. Hazel-amber eyes snapped up to the other animals in the room – much bigger and probably more dangerous than the rat, he realised. A large black dog sat where Sirius had stood only seconds earlier, its head cocked to the side and tongue lolling out of the side of its mouth. It barked loudly and Remus jumped at the sudden noise as the Grim-lookalike wagged its tail. Stood next to the dog was a tall, nearly fully-grown stag. It stood majestically and eyed Remus for a brief moment before it bowed to him and, in the process, nearly impaled him with its antlers. Remus dodged the prong-like skull bones, and the stag returned to its upright position. Remus nodded back once, feeling for some strange reason that it might understand him, and his eyes quickly fell on the rat again, which had climbed on the stag when it bowed and was currently perched atop its head. It squeaked again and Remus felt, once again, that it was trying to converse with him. The dog padded slowly closer to Remus, careful not to startle him, and climbed onto the couch. It stared at Remus for a long moment and Remus shuffled himself into the corner of the couch. The Grim seemed to take this as an invitation and when Remus couldn't move any further away, he just watched as the shadow crawled nearer. When the dog was almost at his face, staring him in the eye, it lay down and rested its head on his lap. Remus froze, unsure of what to do. There he was, sat in James' 'Chill-Out-House', alone except for the three strangely nonviolent animals, one of which had decided to use him as a pillow. Oh, and his friends had disappeared. Slowly, with caution, Remus lowered his hands and stroked the dog carefully. When it didn't attack and instead looked up at him innocently, Remus felt slightly more at ease. He stroked the dog's soft fur absentmindedly as he studied the rat and stag ahead of him. They stood opposite him, just watching him, and he found that he didn't feel nearly as uncomfortable as he thought he ought to. He wondered where his friends had gone. Then suddenly it clicked. Where his friends had once stood, there were now animals… "That's impossible," he muttered disbelievingly to himself, earning an inquisitive whine from the dog, a squeak from the rat, and a sharp exhale (or snuff, as Remus would have named it) from the stag. "You can't have…" Becoming an Animagus took years