The Whore of Hogwarts DISCLAIMER: I do not own these characters. "You're a right whore, Lupin!" The words reverberated across the grassy courtyard, silencing the chatter and laughter that had, moments before, been echoing around the Hogwarts grounds. Moments before, the outside space had been full of conversation and cachinnation. Now, though, it was silent; so silent that you could hear a pin drop. The only sounds that could be heard were the Spring breeze rustling through the tree leaves and the occasional splashes from the Giant Squid in the Black Lake. The sun shone down on the green grounds and most of the population of Hogwarts had elected to make use of the beautiful Spring day – though, there were no teachers in the vicinity. The mass of students stayed where they were quietly, watching and readying themselves for the scene that was sure to unfold before them. In the epicentre of the situation, two sixth year students stood metres apart, one with his back turned to the other. The surrounding people on the quad watched interestedly, the most interested being those from third year and up; the first and second years were too young to care about arguments between the older years and watched mainly because everyone else was. Gryffindor Prefect Remus Lupin paused mid-step and frowned at the appellation. He had been about to leave the yard and go into the castle to search for his friends when he had been stopped by the loud insult. The slur had been shouted loud enough to garner not only his attention, but also the attentions of the whole student body. Remus swallowed nervously and cautiously turned around to face his Ravenclaw ex, Andrew McKeester. Despite the words being loud and clear, he couldn't believe he'd heard them. McKeester was a reasonable person, he'd thought; not someone who would hurl abuse after Remus had broken up with him nicely. The Gryffindor stared at the Ravenclaw for a long moment, seeing only scorn and anger on the other wizard's face, before he walked forwards a few steps, trying to ignore the fact that everyone was staring at them; Remus had never liked being the centre of attention. He stopped a few metres away from the other man and stared at him levelly. "Sorry?" he questioned, still frowning at the shorter wizard. McKeester narrowed his eyes and scowled, his usually handsome face looking distorted and ugly. "You heard me," he sneered. "I said you were a whore ." Remus frowned at the blond and kept his eyes on the cold blue ones across from him, afraid of what he would see if he moved his eyes to the crowd that was quickly encircling them. "What?" McKeester raised a derisive eyebrow. "You want a different name? How about manslut? Harlot, maybe? Or, what about floozy?" Remus finally looked away, unable to keep staring at someone who had been so nice to him before and now seemed so…malicious and cruel. He glanced at the large crowd around them and gnawed at the inside of his lip. Everyone was staring at them – at him – and Remus felt uncomfortable under all of the intense and intrusive gazes. As hazel-amber eyes scanned the surrounding group, he took in their different expressions. A few people looked thoughtful – as if the thought had occurred to them before or they had suspected it but it hadn't been proven; others nodded in agreement (most of those people being ones that Remus had broken up with and who hadn't taken it particularly well), and some gaped at them disbelievingly. But most people, Remus noticed, just stood there with confusion written across their faces. Out of the corner of his eye, Remus could see Lily and Peter standing there with Lily's other friends and various other Gryffindor's. He didn't look at his friends directly; he didn't want to see their reactions to his ex's spiteful words. Turning his concentration back to McKeester, Remus took in a deep, calming breath and mentally debated how to handle to situation. He soon decided that if he left, his ex wouldn't stop. From the look in the blond's eyes, Remus could tell he wouldn't give up on his tirade. With that in mind, Remus decided to brave it out and try to calm the Ravenclaw down. "Drew," he said quietly, his eyes imploring. "Don't do this." "Do what? Tell the truth?" Remus stared at him for a long moment, deciding that his words and expression seemed to have no effect on the Ravenclaw, before he sighed. McKeester's words ( 'Do what? Tell the truth?' ) aroused his curiosity and it quickly got the better of him. He prepared himself for the onslaught of mean words and accusations that he was sure were to be spewed at him, and he carefully he arranged himself into a defiant and aloof position, making his face blank and shifting so that his chin was up and his arms were by his side. "What are you talking about?" he asked levelly, with as much confidence as he dared to have. McKeester scoffed and shook his head in disbelief before he turned his hard stare on Remus. " You ," he said harshly. "You act like you're all innocent and as if butter wouldn't melt but you've had half of the school," he laughed humourlessly. "Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if you've had more than half! Or if you'd gotten off with a teacher." "No, I haven't," Remus denied defensively. He hadn't been with a teacher before; that would be immoral and wrong. And, it was hardly half of the school. Sure, Remus had taken a few people to bed. But that hardly made him a 'whore', did it? And what about them? He had rarely ever made the first move; they always went to him. "Yes you have," McKeester scowled. "Everyone knows, Remus. They just don't want to accept it. They don't want to think that good-boy, innocent, Gryffindor Remus Lupin is really not so innocent and good after all. Most people just don't want to accept that they were another line on your tally chart." Remus stood there, taken aback. He had never proclaimed to be innocent; people just assumed he was because he preferred not to expose his whole personal and sexual life to everyone. And he was good. He always helped people and he had impeccable manners. "I-I don't have a tally chart," he stuttered quietly, feeling as though his façade was quickly crumbling. From his right, Remus saw a figure move. He knew it was Lily without having to look properly. The witch had a fairly distinctive look about her: petite with striking emerald green eyes and vibrant red hair. He watched her move out of the corner of his eye and swiped his hand subtly at his side, signalling for her to stop. He didn't need rescuing – not right now, at least. He could handle McKeester on his own. Luckily for him, Peter seemed to have seen the signal as he halted the emerald-eyed girl by putting a hand on her arm, effectively making her stand down. Remus could see from her body language that she was reluctant but she eventually noticed the hand-signal and stayed at Peter's side, watching and ready to go when she was needed. Remus turned his attention back to McKeester and regained his neutral face, some of his confidence restored through his friends' support. "Honestly, I don't know where Black gets his reputation!" McKeester continued his rampage. "You're the one that has been in nearly every bed in Hogwarts!" Blue eyes scanned the gathered crowd, and Remus could hear some hushed whispers, though he couldn't hear exactly what they were saying. "I'll prove it," the blond said determinedly. The Ravenclaw peered around the open space, his eyes searching the crowd of people for someone to pick on. Eventually, he chose the nearest person to him on his left (Remus' right) which happened to be seventh year Slytherin girl. "You," he said, pointing at her rudely. "Have you slept with him?" Remus looked at the Slytherin – Emma Vanity – and sighed inwardly. Admittedly, he had been with her. She had gone to him in his fifth year (her sixth) after a Quidditch match and had tried it on with him. He, being a horny teenager, had gone along with it. Their liaison had lasted a few weeks before she had gotten with a Ravenclaw in her year. Vanity looked from McKeester to Remus to her group of friends before she averted her eyes guiltily, her silence providing an answer. McKeester smiled smugly before he pondered the group again, his eyes landing on a Hufflepuff sixth year on his right. "What about you?" the Ravenclaw questioned. The Hufflepuff – Edgar Bones – coughed uncomfortably and shifted on his feet. He sent Remus an apologetic look before he nodded an affirmative to McKeester's question. "That doesn't prove anything," Remus quickly said, gaining McKeester's (and the crowd's) attention. "That's only two people. For all you know, they're the only two people I've been with," he reasoned. McKeester smirked evilly. "Alright," he said, deceptively calm compared to his previous tone. He looked thoughtful for a moment before he nodded decisively and looked around the space. "Alright, how about this, then?" he said in the same tone as before, only louder for all those surrounding to hear clearly. "Attention," he called, despite having everyone's undivided attention anyway. "People of Hogwarts. I want you to raise your hand if you have ever slept with, or been intimate with, Remus Lupin. And, don't be embarrassed. You won't be judged since half of the school has been there." Remus watched and hoped to all of the deities above that the people he had been with weren't there or didn't raise their hand out of self-preservation. McKeester raised his own hand in the air calmly, and Remus observed as just under half of the people in the surrounding crowd raised their hands too. The response was mixed in gender and varied in the Houses they were from. A few of the students were from fifth year (though, they were all sixteen; Remus had made sure) but most of them were from his own year. However, quite a majority were from seventh year as well. McKeester dropped his hand and stared at Remus smugly while the Gryffindor – along with the rest of the school – scanned the crowd of hands. Everyone looked around the courtyard in disbelief, and Remus swallowed back the humiliation he felt of having his personal sexual exploits out there for the rest of the world to see. After everyone had gotten over the shock that Remus had been with so many people, the information finally settling in, they began to lower their hands. Whispers broke out and flooded the courtyard. Remus felt an embarrassed flush crawl up his neck to his cheeks, and he tried to ignore the fact that everyone was whispering…about him . His shoulders slumped slightly and he started nervously gnawing on the inside of his bottom lip. For some reason, Remus felt ashamed. He felt dirty and cheap, and he didn't know why. After all, these people had come to him. He had never forced anyone and he'd rarely made the first move. Plus, he had always made sure that the other person was happy; that they came first before he was allowed. They went to him, and they had all accepted him. And that was all he really wanted – to be accepted and feel wanted and worthy; and they had made him feel that way. His bed-partner's had made him feel desired and sometimes even loved. Remus wasn't delusional. He knew that none of them actually loved him; they never stayed together long enough for true and deeper feelings to develop. But it was nice to feel as though they did. And, in those moments, it was