He was never that into me, but I let him fake it for over a year! – 21.01.17 Forest green eyes followed the escapades of the group skating around on the ice. More specifically, she watched as the only person she'd ever loved skated along on the frozen ground, attached to the only person he'd ever loved. Seventh year Ravenclaw Head Girl, Emmeline Vance, meandered down the sleet-covered walkway by the Black Lake, her eyes focused solely on her ex-boyfriend Remus Lupin (a Gryffindor of the same year). As she walked, she realised that her eyes constantly sought him out. Whenever she walked into a room, or wandered around the school in general, she found herself unfailingly hunting out the tall wizard. She had always searched for him; ever since they had met on the Hogwarts Express in their first year. Back in first year, Remus had been shy and severely lacking in any social skills but he had also been unfathomably kind and unerringly intelligent; they had made quick friends on the journey to the large castle. Back then, she had thought (or rather, she had hoped ) that he would be put into Ravenclaw – where she expected she would be placed. But he had been sorted into Gryffindor, and she into Ravenclaw. Despite being in different Houses, their friendship hadn't suffered and they remained good friends. In second year, Emmeline had developed a crush on the young boy and by fifth year, her long-winded crush had reached its peak. They had both been made Prefects and, with this development, they had spent a lot more time with each other. The more time she spent with him, the more her infatuation with him grew. And, by the end of Christmas, she couldn't deny it any longer. She had fallen deeply, doubtlessly, unbelievably in love with the Gryffindor. After February of their fifth year, they grew even closer. Remus had fallen out with one of his best friends, Sirius Black, but she didn't know why – no one did. It seemed that the only people who knew why were the 'Marauders', and they were all keeping tight-lipped. Remus had refused to discuss it with her and she, being the good friend she was, had decided to bury the subject. With temporary rift between Remus and Black, he had spent a lot more time with her. Those few weeks when Black wasn't around were brilliant, in Emmeline's opinion. Before then, Black was nearly always around Remus and she rarely got to see her Gryffindor alone unless they were studying or in class or on Prefect rounds. Without Black around, she had Remus all to herself – for the most part; school and his other friends (James Potter, Peter Pettigrew and Lily Evans) occupied the rest of his time. Those few weeks with Remus had been when Emmeline's love for the Gryffindor had become overpowering and, by March, she couldn't keep it a secret anymore. She had made the first move, surprisingly. She had always thought that Remus, being a Gryffindor (and therefore being known for impulsive/brave behaviour), would have made the first move. But, he didn't and she had kissed him first, knowing how oblivious he was when people flirted with him. She reckoned he was also quite bashful about the subject, having never really flaunted his past relationships before. By the end of April, Remus and Black had become friends again (though, their friendship seemed tense and slightly strained, and the Pureblood seemed to be trying to make it up to Remus), and she and Remus were united together in coupledom. Everything was perfect, she'd thought. She had finally gotten Remus and everything was going great. He was attentive and treated her as she had expected he would: with care and respect. He was kind to her friends and she returned the favour, being polite to his tight-knit group. There was only really one problem: Sirius Black. He just didn't seem to like her. Every time she arrived, Black always seemed to leave. He sometimes made his excuses but more often than not he just left without a word and a wary look in her direction. She had told Remus about it but he had denied there was a problem. She reckoned that he either didn't notice it or he didn't know the reason as to why his friend disliked her, either. After she had brought it up, she had observed Remus frowning after Black when he left. Emmeline knew Black didn't like her – that much was obvious – but what she couldn't understand was why . She was always nice to him and she tried to make conversation with him (because he was Remus' friend and that was what good girlfriends did), but Black just didn't seem interested. He had an obvious disdain for her and, in the end, she gave up trying. She was still polite to him around people, but that was as far as their relationship went. Eventually, she stopped caring about why he disliked her; she wasn't a massive fan of the arrogant Black heir anyway. She had always thought Remus was better than him, but she hadn't voiced that opinion, knowing how protective of his friends Remus was. Besides, she didn't need Black's approval. She had Remus' attention and that was enough. She didn't need Remus' friends to like her, as long as he did. Black was a minor problem in hers and Remus' relationship; one she could overlook. Emmeline and Remus dated for just over a year – from March of their fifth year to April of their sixth year – and everything had been going brilliantly. That was, until their perfect relationship ended abruptly and with its demise went their previous friendship. It had ended, in her opinion, because of Sirius Black – the arrogant prick. It had started off with small things at first – with little disagreements that became more persistent during sixth year and the later months of their relationship. It was over silly things to begin with: like schoolwork, missed Hogsmeade weekends due to friends, and forgotten anniversaries here and there. But then they started arguing about other, more serious things: like the lack of time they spent together, or Remus' secretive nature, or his friends. Emmeline had expressed her concerns about Black (and his standoffish behaviour towards her) multiple times but Remus refused to hear of it, playing it off as if it was unimportant or paranoia. He was always defending Black and taking the Pureblood's side – a fact that Emmeline hated. Because she knew. She knew that Black disliked her – he always had. She had only tolerated him for the duration of hers and Remus' relationship because she loved Remus, and Black, unfortunately, was one of her boyfriend's best friends. Sirius Black, in her opinion, was the real reason behind their arguments and he was the reason for the eventual end of her perfect relationship. She thought ( knew ) that Black was secretly in love with her boyfriend and she reckoned that was the reason for his hostility towards her; he was jealous and felt threatened by her. He was always trying to undermine her in front of Remus, and he continuously made snarky comments about her – whether she was in earshot or not. And, in April, she had just snapped. They had been sitting – they being Remus, herself, Black, Pettigrew, Potter, Evans and Alice Bones – out by the lake, studying, when it had happened. Black had been laughing and joking, and getting a little too cosy with Remus for her liking, and her patience level had reached its peak. She had just fractured and accidentally brought about the end of her relationship. Black had been whispering in her boyfriend's ear, making her boyfriend laugh, putting his arm around her boyfriend's shoulders and after months of taunting, she had cracked. She had accused him of being in love with Remus (which, he was; he may not have admitted to it, but Emmeline knew) and trying to destroy their relationship. Remus had told her to calm down and that she was overreacting. In her blind panic, she had asked why he never sided with her and if he was in love with Sirius, too. Remus had been shocked and angry by her accusations, though he didn't show it, and he had proceeded to drag her away from the group to a secluded area at the other side of the lake. Away from his friends, he told her to stop raving like a 'lunatic' and that she was being paranoid. She had – still in her blind panic – accused him again of shagging Sirius behind her back. Remus' face had shown obvious hurt and Emmeline regretted saying it the second it left her mouth. She didn't know why she had said it; it was unfounded and she had no evidence. Remus wasn't that type of person, she knew. Her Gryffindor had been upset by her words and had angrily accused her of being a 'jealous psycho' before he had sorrowfully told her that it wasn't working anymore and they had broken it off. Their breakup had been nine or so months earlier and, although time does heal all wounds, she was still deeply upset by how it ended. She hadn't wanted it to end that way. In fact, she hadn't wanted it to end at all , truth be told. With Remus, Emmeline could imagine her life perfectly: the kids, the house, the dog – the perfect life with the perfect man. But the fact remained that it did end and she was still deeply in love with him. He, however, had moved on. They were in their seventh year, now. In fact, they were a few months into their seventh year and only a few weeks earlier, in early December (before Christmas break), Remus and Black had been outed as a couple by one of the gossiping Hufflepuff's that had caught them in one of the empty classrooms. News of 'Hogwarts's New Couple' had spread like wildfire and Emmeline had found out within hours of the incident. She, admittedly, had mixed feelings about the news. At first, she had wondered if her accusations about an affair had been accurate before she dismissed it. Remus would never cheat, she knew; he just wasn't that type of person. She had been happy for Remus – she wanted him to be happy and towards the end of their relationship, she knew he wasn't – but she had been, understandably, upset. She may have wanted Remus to be happy, but that didn't mean she was happy about who he had chosen to be with. Why, out of all of the people in Hogwarts (Hell, in the entire universe!), had Remus chosen Sirius fucking Black? Remus, in her opinion, could do much better than Black. He was too good for an arrogant, selfish, egotistical prick like Sirius bloody Black. She knew that Black was only going to break Remus' heart. And Remus didn't deserve that. He may have broken her heart but that didn't mean he deserved the same pain. She knew that Black would only hurt Remus (intentionally or not) and, while that was a bad thing, in some selfish way, she hoped he did so. If he did, then she reckoned she could have a chance with her Gryffindor again. A familiar, low chuckle brought Emmeline back to the present and her eyes focused on Remus once more. She watched sombrely as the only man she'd ever loved glided around on the ice, having fun and laughing with the only person he'd ever loved. In truth, she had always known she was second best compared to Sirius Black. She had always, however deep down, known there was something more between the two Gryffindor's. They were always more… affectionate with each other than they were with others; they were always closer than