Hi! So I found out that I hated my last story and wanted to change som things about it, however the changes are so big that I'm making it a new story. And these first chapters will be a trial to see if I'll continue this or not so please review :) And I could use a beta.. disclaimer: I do not own twilight or anything related to it 1. The Fear "NO!" I screamed as the tearing sound eloped in my ears and blood dripped slowly down her face. I wanted to die. Why had this happened to me? I didn't even know her, much less did I care about her, yet I was ready to change places with her. I wanted to protect her, something told me it was my job, but what did I have to offer? The pale person turned violently from her neck where the blood was running furiously down her body, soaking her clothes in crimson red. It was a vampire. "NO! STOP!" I cried out even louder feeling myself go weak. The only sound I managed to get out of the creature was a sneer, so vicious I should have screamed in fear. Yet I did not. "Get away from her… now." I said almost without sound. The vampire didn't answer, he just went back to finish his meal. I wanted to kill him, to rip him apart limp by limb and set fire on him. I wanted him to hurt. And I did nothing, I wasn't able to, I was too fragile, too human. I knew that he could very easily take me when he was done with the girl, but I still couldn't make myself move. He came closer, walking slowly towards me while his eyes connected with mine, a warm comforting spark in them. "Don't worry, I'll be quick my love." A shiver went through my body when he called me my love and a sour taste developed in my mouth. He was standing only inches away from me, I didn't know how he did it so fast, then, he lifted his hand removing my soft, dark waves slowly from my neck. I closed my eyes as the fear attacked me, moving into every cell in my body forcing my heart to race off. I stopped breathing when I felt the cold lips on my neck and goose bumps appeared on my skin from the cold and I still didn't move. " Good bye my love," He said just before he was going to dig his teeth into my soft skin. "NO!" I suddenly exclaimed realizing what was actually happening to me, what he was doing! But it was too late, I screamed and screamed but no one heard me and just as I felt his teeth connect with my skin, my eyes burst open, leaving me breathing heavily in my bed, sweat dripping from my body. A dream, Mel, That's all it was. Just a dream. I must say that I had a vivid imagination, vampires and stuff, yah know? They don't exist; still I dream about them and they feel so real. He always tried to kill me, but just when he was about to puncture my skin, I would wake up in fear. and even though I was used to it, my heart was still racing inhumanly fast. "Fuck", I whispered quietly to myself and pushed my damp hair away from my face. Falling asleep again was out of the question, so I did what I always used to do. My feet hit the cold floor quietly and I quickly got on my usual boots, taking with me my jacket in the process. Jane was sleeping on the bed opposite of mine and I almost always had to laugh at the sight of her sleeping form. From the name you would think that she was some nerd from one of Jane Austin's romances. But I knew better, Jane was spread across the bed, salvia dripping from her wide open mouth and a hand falling out of the bed. Yes, I almost always had to laugh when I saw her like this, but not today. My eyes scanned the digital clock on the wall, taking in the bright red numbers and I sighed while walking out of the house. 03.42 AM. I hadn't slept right for days and I was starting to think that I would have some sort of break down. They told me a short week ago, that they had found my brother, I mean. And I hadn't really known what to answer to that, for as long as I could remember I had lived with foster families and now, they suddenly found my long lost brother? I wasn't really sure what to believe. The cold air was throwing raindrops onto my face and I closed my eyes to avoid getting them in my eyes. The surroundings were cold and scary, especially with all the green, which I was far from used to, but I figured that I would have to get used to it. I tried to warm myself up with my hands, but it was no use. I breathed out heavily and welcomed the sharp pain in my throat when I took a new breath. Behind me the house was completely dark, and I was standing in front of it watching the driveway carefully. There weren't any cars driving by, there weren't any ambulances trying to save humans and there weren't any sounds to indicate that there was actually anyone there. And in that very second I felt more abandoned than I had ever felt in my whole entire life. I pressed my eyes even tighter together, preventing the tears to come. There was nothing I hated more than having to cry, I always felt so vulnerable thinking that someone would show up and see me cry, so I did everything in my power to stop it. Even if I really wanted to. I stuck my hand into the pocket I knew was in my jacket and picked out the envelope in it. It was folded in half and it wasn't hard to see that it was well read. My eyes opened as I took out the letter and the pictures inside the envelope. I read the first line of the letter, taking in the name they had written down and felt a strange sense of fear invade me. "Dear Melanie Boston (Uley) We have been able to contact one of your relatives, Samuel Uley…" and then I stopped reading. Samuel Uley, a guy I had never met in my life and who I had never heard of, was my brother. It was just so hard to believe that in only a few of hours he was going to take me home with him. He was barely four years older than me at the age of 21 and he was engaged to a woman named Emily Young. I held on to the picture they had sent me with the letter, wishing that I could see something familiar in them. But I couldn't, my life was so separated from what they had that it was hard to imagine me there. Emily and Sam stood together in front of their house, smiling brightly. Emily had three long scars at the right side of her face which made her smile look a little strained, but I could still see how beautiful she was. Sam looked proud standing next to her, he was much taller than her and seemed like a really huge guy. It was obvious that he was a person of authority and that scared me a little. Okay so I was kind of depressed right there and then, but I mean don't get the wrong impression, I wasn't like that. "Hey, Melanie, maybe you should think of coming back in again", I turned around quickly the second I heard the voice, a startled gasp leaving my lips. There in the doorway stood Millard, a fifteen year old boy I had barely gotten to know throughout the week I had stayed here. "That's none of your business," I snapped back at him and turned around so that I wasn't able to look at him anymore. I could hear the door close behind me, but my stiff posture didn't let go so easily. "You're leaving in a couple of hours, and it's cold out here, you should really come inside," Millard said from behind me unaffected by the harsh tone I used when talking to him. "Millard, get the fuck away from me," I snapped again, feeling the annoyance build within me. I didn't like Millard, he always tried to tell me strange stuff and he was minding my business more than his own. This wasn't the first time he had come out during the night to tell me to get in again. When I heard the door shut behind me for the second time, I knew he was gone. I was sitting on my newly made bed, my luggage placed by my feet and a black backpack hanging loosely on my shoulder. "I know you've only been here for a week, but I'll miss you Mel!" Jane said with a sad tinge to her voice. I smiled up at her and thought about giving her a hug, but decided not to. I wasn't one for hugs. She was still in her pj's and her hair was a big mess. Any other given day I would have laughed at her. "I'll call sometime", I said satisfied with my answer and stood up to walk into the common room of the house. Considering the fact that this was a house children stayed at until they got adopted or given to a foster home, this was necessary. Especially for the younger kids. I could hear the car pull over, I could hear the footsteps as Sam walked across the lot and I could hear him knock on the door to the children's house. My lungs filled with air then and I was quick to put a smile on my face to meet my brother. My half brother. I was standing near the door and fingered nervously with the zipper on my bag watching as the door swung open and Miss Watson greeted with the stranger. Meanwhile I walked over there all the same to do exactly that. Sam was just as in the picture. Huge, handsome, and filled with authority. But the thing that scared me the most was how he had some of my features. His smile and lips, the dark brown hair and the shape of the eyes. I knew from that moment on that we were in fact siblings and that this was becoming real. "Hi," I said and tried to give him a real smile. He didn't notice me at first as he was talking to Miss Watson, but then he saw me. A smile was plastered on his face and his warm eyes were looking at me. "Hey, you must be my sister!" he exclaimed and reached out to take my hand. It was embarrassing to say the least that I didn't do anything else than stare at the hand, avoiding the contact as well as I could. When he noticed my stare at his hand he removed it and just smiled friendly. "You can get in the car, I'll just sign some papers, okay?" he kept talking as if nothing had happened and I kind of appreciated that. "So, how do you like the woods?" Sam asked from where he was sitting an awkward smile on his face. I guess he was trying to bond or something, it was actually really embarrassing. "Uh, I don't know, I don't have much experience with uh, tree's…" I mumbled stupidly as I glanced over at him from time to time. I huge smile was plastered on my face. Not because anything was particularly funny, but because