It is said that the Black Breath, inflicted upon a man, even the most unwavering, causes him to wander in feverish nightmares until his very will to live is taken by the depth of his despair. For two days, this Shadow held sway over Minas Tirith's last surviving warden. Here now follows an account of what lead the loyal and true of heart, Faramir of Gondor, to such utter despair that he was nearly beyond recall of even the true King. For a time Faramir felt as though he was sleeping, but conscious of it. The first sensation he remembered clearly was a stifling heat, as if wearing one's heaviest winter furs whilst sitting upon the beaches of Dol Amroth in August. As Faramir became aware of himself, he saw that the oppressive heat was likely because he was dressed in dreadfully heavy black robes. That alone was strange, for these robes were exactly the official robes of the Stewardship and suddenly Faramir felt a chill and wished to push the garment from himself. Faramir began to become aware of his surroundings then. There were many people about him, though all were walking about in a hurried manner. The ground beneath his feet was paved, and he stood in front of a shop of some sort, or so he guessed it to be. A city then, but clearly not Minas Tirith, nor any other city he knew. There was much noise in this place, though nothing sounded familiar, and everything seemed ten times bigger than normal. Looking at the building next to whatever manner of shop he stood by, Faramir was intrigued by the structure, which seemed to be made entirely of steel. Quite a rich city, then, and this must be it's highest tower, for as Faramir looked up, up, up, and up, trying to find the summit, he grew dizzy and literally fell over backwards. "Ought to lay off the sacramental wine there, padre," said a man walking by, though he did not stop to help. Faramir pulled himself upright again and just stared at the height of the tower. He turned then toward the street, and if he felt dizzy before his heart nearly stopped when he saw this large street filled with very, very strange carriages of some sort, all going about without any horses anywhere. Part of Faramir told him to back away, to find out how to get home as soon as possible, but his curious side compelled him to move toward one of these strange carriages. Reaching out to a still one on the side of the street, he found they were made of steel. Glancing about it seemed that everything was in this place. What city could possibly be so rich? He wondered if this was some unheard of city in Valinor, but no, for the Undying Lands were said to be a place of peace, and this was assuredly not that. Faramir ran his hand along the side of the carriage. Suddenly, somewhere quite nearby a horn blared a call, which sounded to Faramir's ears like a warning or a signal, though not a single person other than him seemed to notice. Perhaps this was a recognition call for some dignitary, Faramir thought, and his years in the service of Gondor told him to stand at attention at the street side and await the arrival of whoever it was. However, again, no one else seemed to be concerned and they certainly did nothing to clear the way. For nearly half an hour Faramir stood straight and still. The trumpeter, who Faramir opined was the worst musician his ears had ever endured, had long since stopped his torturous call, yet no one of any sort of bearing had passed. Just then, a huge carriage that looked more like a ship on land, albeit a strange ship, came to a stop beside him. The doors opened, as if by magic, and an oddly dressed woman looked down at him. "Are you getting on or what, Father?" she asked in a bored tone. "Father? My lady, I assure you I am not your father," Faramir said, wondering what would on earth this woman could be thinking. "Alright, Brother, whatever," she said, now sounding frustrated. "Nor am I your brother, I have no sister," Faramir said patiently. "You know what, man, I really do not need a smartass on my route. Catch the next one for all I care." The woman then closed the doors again and drove off; leaving Faramir wondering what in the name of Anor and Ithil had just taken place. Faramir was beginning to feel truly lost here and looked around hoping for a clue about what this place was. The best place to find information, he thought, would be a library, and so Faramir set about trying to find the place. He had not counted on this city being so vast, though. He had walked along this one street without finding anything even remotely like a library. He'd found the Hall, City Hall, it was quite creatively named, that at least seemed to be made of stone and rather put him in mind of the entrance to the Hall of Kings, though it was a lot less beautiful, in his opinion. He found a "post office," though he saw no soldiers coming and going, and had to wonder if civilians kept the watch posts in this land. There were also more enormous towers all over the place and more shops than anyone could ever possibly explore in a lifetime, though few of them looked very inviting. The manner of dress in this city was quite strange as well, and he could not understand for the life of him why people kept calling him "father." In the end, Faramir decided that the city's library must be located on some other street, but there were so many others he felt he could easily be lost forever if he dared to wander. No, instead Faramir decided to return to the Hall and seek for the King, hoping that being the second son of the Steward of Gondor would be enough of a qualification to get him an audience. It was beyond Faramir's imagination what manner of king could rule all of this, but he figured it was worth a try. As Faramir crossed the street, many of those odd carriages came to a sudden halt and horns blared. Well, at least that was something that Faramir was more or less used to. He nodded in acknowledgement and thanked those who called out to him, though he did not exactly understand their words. Perhaps this place was not so strange after all. Walking into the Hall, Faramir was struck by how lush this place was. The walls, the floors, the ceiling were all of marble. Though this place did not have the look of the Hall in the Citadel and looked more like a glorified marketplace in some ways, Faramir could tell that however ruled from here was powerful indeed. He approached a man dressed in what seemed to be a uniform and standing behind a desk and he asked if it was possible to obtain an audience. "I guess that depends on what you do, eh, Father?" the man said with a laugh. Faramir had dismissed by now this strange title as a way of addressing nobles. An interesting concept, he thought it to be. Faramir sighed though, guessing the man to be saying indirectly that no audiences were available. "Can you tell me where the library is then?" he asked. "Yeah, get on the 36B at the corner out here, will take you right there. It should be here in about 20 minutes," said the guard, going back to his newspaper. "Pardon, but… 36B?" Faramir asked in utter confusion. "The bus," the guard said, not really paying attention. "The bus ?" Faramir asked again, having no idea what this word meant. The guard now looked at Faramir again. His accent was strange, but he figured the guy was just from Cleveland or something. Some kind of foreigner then. "Maybe you ought to take a cab, it would be faster. I'm sure your order will cover it, right?" "My order?" Faramir chuckled, "you think me a Wizard?" "Oh, right, vow of poverty and all. Well, look, since it's charity, let me call you a cab and I'll take care of your fare. Consider it my good deed for the day. Alright?" the guard said, picking up something that looked like an oddly shaped horn or bone and speaking into it. In a moment, he put it down behind the desk again and told Faramir that if he waited at the corner the cab would be there in about 10 minutes. Faramir nodded and went out to the street corner, though he had no knowledge of what was going on. In exactly 10 minutes a carriage pulled up, this one as yellow as a baby duckling. The man inside leaned over and said, "hop in, Father. Library, right?" "That is correct," Faramir said. He had a feeling it was best not to ask too many questions in this society. A short ride later, during which Faramir was rather frightened by the fact that this city seemed to have no ending, though it certainly grew less grand the further one went, and the cab pulled up in front of another building much like the Hall. Faramir's eyes went wide. "This is your library?" he said in an awed whisper. "Thank you very kindly for escorting me here." Walking up to this place Faramir looked about. At least there were some trees here, oaks mostly, he noticed. Though this was plainly still a part of the city, it was much more beautiful and less intimidating. There were still many of the strange carriages, though not as it was where he had been before, and here the people seemed to walk at a more ordinary pace. Faramir entered the library; again, this place was lined top to bottom in beautiful marble. This was a lot more like home, though much, much more vast. There was a young woman stacking books at a desk near the entrance and Faramir decided to ask where he could find the history of the city. Always had history lead him to understand more of the present, so he reasoned that was where he should start. The woman led him to an archive room toward the back of the building and pointed out the information from earliest known history of the city through present day information. Faramir was overwhelmed. He could have spent days just skimming so much information. Best to start with the earliest he guessed, and set to work. After a few hours Faramir decided that people in this society did not care much for history, what was written was the most mind-numbing thing his eyes ever head the misfortune to set upon. Faramir decided to go for maps instead and found one, likely the earliest, depicting a green land between rivers with several modest structures here and there. The next one showed a good deal more buildings and ships on the rivers. Thumbing back through a few maps Faramir thought there was some mistake, but that the land looked the same geographically. What was once green and pastoral was now brown, covered with mills and shipyards. Pushing the maps aside, Faramir hurried back out to the desk, where the young woman was once again stacking books. "You will pardon me, my lady," he said trying to keep his tone calm, but he had seen this before, had heard of what happened at Isengard, and this place was too much similar. "Are you able to tell me where I might obtain a mount and in which way I must go to get back to Gondor?" "A mount? Do you mean like a horse?" the woman asked carefully. Faramir nodded and she