It was in the springtime of the year, the snowdrops just beginning to show in the valley. I had just returned to my beloved homeland, and was filled with joy, for the seasons here do turn through the year, unlike it is under the mallorn trees of Lothlorien. I walked along, my hand lightly caressing the smooth, pale skin of the birches, still in my riding cloak. I would go to greet ada soon enough, but the earth of my homeland had called to me first. When first he spied me I was mesmerized, enraptured of seeing again the cliffs and the falls and surprisingly gentle hills of the valley, the white trees and the ever-green, the tiny leaf buds only just unfurling into miniature leaves, perfectly formed. The ever-present rush of the Bruinen ensconcing the valley in it's undinal song made my heart swell, and the crisp, fresh, earthy scent of the woods gave me a feeling of blissful contentment. As the sweet vernal breeze swept over me, toying with my hair, i knew at once that I had returned. Soon I would return to the house and greet my father and many who I count dear and have greatly missed through the years of my absence. There would be a wonderful feast laid – complete with miruvor and spiced cider and fried bread and Master Finlon's honey and herb-roasted chicken (if Glorfindel should manage to wrest the bill of fare from Erestor's grasp). Then there would be singing in Hall of Fire, and oh, how I had missed Lindir's songs! Truly, I admit I had even missed my brothers' foolish limericks. Ai! But there is no place that can be quite like one's home! The more I thought of these comforts, the sooner I wished to get back to the house. I suddenly missed ada most of all and I turned to the path home. Off in the trees I could hear someone singing, not poorly so, although… well, Lindir would never have such a voice chant one of his compositions. Yet, whoever it was, I noted him not, for I was excited to be home and preoccupied with thoughts of seeing my loved ones again. That was when he called out, "Tinuviel!" I hesitated to respond to this appeal, although it was clear that he was calling to me. He cried out again, "Tinuviel!" and I smiled, for surely this was one of ada's frequent refugees. And was his name Beren, I could not help but wonder. And so I asked. And I told. And I laughed, for he had grown up here and thought that perhaps ada and the twins had kept me locked away for all those years. There was something in his eyes that I saw in the dying twilight, something aimed true directly from his deepest heart. And yet something more, something that would only serve to add intensity to his adoration, for he was Mortal, and I saw there in him such a very short existence. He would be dead in less than I had been with daerada and daernana in Lorien. In the moment I realized that, my heart fell open as never before and I loved him. My heart, just a moment ago being so content, now knew humbling bitter-sweetness, knowing how soon he would be taken from me, and knowing from that point what my own fate was to be. In the autumn of that year he departed from home. Although it rent my heart so to see him go, I knew that he did as he had to do. Few would be the times we had together after that short season, but it could not have been any other way. For he needed the time to go off alone, to fare for himself as he could, even to prove himself to himself I believe. I knew too that our love was all too intense for us to remain together frequently – it is truly spoken that the brightest stars are those which burn out the swiftest. And so I accepted our separation, though so valuable would be the years lost to us, with the confidence that a time would come when we should both be rightfully rewarded for our patience. Such a long time went by then, and I had no knowledge of how he was faring. How many times on some pleasant, clarion day did I sit at my west window, a book of my memories of him and our short season together in my lap, weeping from the devastating ache deep within me. I ached for want of his presence and I ached even more for his fate. Just how long he had to walk upon Arda I knew not, but what may seem many years to one of his condition, would be naught to one of mine. Where once I had sang of Eärendil or Elbereth (but never that preposterous song Glorfindel so often insists upon welcoming newcomers with!), now I sang of Beren and his beloved Luthien, as he did in the garden that chance evening, for that lay was now nearer to my heart than all the other songs known to Elven-kind. Time passed by and yet my thoughts of him never dulled, and my dreams of him only grew more vivid. The sadness I felt never ebbed, and yet, at times even an unhappy thought of him could bring an unexpected smile to my face. Daernana saw it in me nearly as easily as ada had seen it in Estel. I believe that it had naught to do with their ability for telepathy, for the indications of the one infirmity that the Eldari are not immune to have been strong. When I spoke with daernana about it she smiled sadly, for I think that she understood. While an elf may find dalliances, as many have rather famously (or infamously) done, when love comes to court there is no mistaking it, and it shall be so, regardless of what anyone else has to say. She reminded me, though, of the only way I could remain with him, which I had failed to consider knowingly. Daernana said that there was yet much time for a decision to be made, even until what she called "the great test to come," but for me this was no matter of choice at all, and in my heart I had already come to terms with Mortality. Daerada was less reticent, saying, "You love him, Arwen… now you must stand firm and let nothing overrule that." I wondered whatever could have changed daerada, for it has been said that he was rigidly set against nana being wedded to a half -elf. And so I continued to walk under the great mallorn trees of Lorien, alone with my thoughts. Often I had been tempted to use the scrying pool in the garden, but that I found it to be too fickle. Sooner should I have used a palantir, had that but been safe enough at the time. Still I waited, and my heart told me clearly enough that he was well, for even through the hurt, there was still great hope. Early one morning I had risen from a troublesome dream and gone out into the trees for solace. I dreamt that I had searched him out, fearing for him, and when I found him he was dying, decaying before my very eyes. He tried to kiss me and assure me that all would be well, but even that was too much for him. My heart was heavy and the golden leaves did naught to cheer me. Was I making a mistake, I wondered, settling there at the roots of Caras Galadhon, binding myself to such a short, bittersweet time here? I turned quickly, startled to hear footsteps approaching, for the Silvan elves who dwell here are even lighter upon foot than are the Noldor. For a moment I stood still, wondering is this was but a vision of my fervent hope, for there on the lawn was the Man who was suffused in all of my thoughts since the day I met him. I ran out to him, letting my cloak fall to the ground behind me. He reached out to me, clad in what looked like something from daerada's wardrobe, and he held me silently and strongly, and I wept and laughed all at once of joy and relief. When I looked up into his face I could see just how many trials he had borne, but behind his weariness shone what surely showed in my face as well – the knowledge that it had all been worth it, if even just for this temporary reunion. A smile softened his face as he whispered my name, and kissed me softly. That momentary, foolish misgiving I'd had was vanquished then, and never troubled me again. Again, with the turn of the season he was gone from my side, though now I had more than just a memory, for he had named his heart mine, and I had named mine his. I nearly asked him to take me with him, for he was going home to rest for a time, but I knew that still patience was called for. While he was gone I learned that it was not entirely his own desire to travail so, but also the influence of my father's wishes for me. Well, daerada was certainly on my side, for whatever reason; mayhap he just disliked his son-in-law enough to be at odds with him regardless of the issue. Daerada was a true ally to me, promising that Estel should not go without protection and that, if this "King of all Middle-earth nonsense" of ada's carried on much longer, he would see us given haven in Caras Galadhon for as long as necessary. I would not have refused the offer, should it have come to that, for I was determined that Aragorn should not have to lose a hand to gain mine; and I would have gone to Mordor to defeat Sauron myself to save him. Of course, it was only later that I learned that daerada's idea of "protection" came in the form of the ever-petulant Mithrandir and the headstrong son of King Thranduil of Mirkwood. Time passed and again I waited until I might next see my beloved. Only now I was much more resolved and confident, and I shed far fewer tears for his destiny. It was my comfort to know that I had made my choice and that I too should share that fate. Before long, ada sent the twins and Glorfindel to fetch me home to Imladris, most likely to get me away from daerada's influence, but it was said that the mountains were becoming dangerous to traverse. They always had been. I left there in daerada's keeping a talisman for Estel, should he return to Lorien – a brooch in the form of a mighty eagle, set with a green burl. I wanted him to know that I yet held true and to have something of mine that might give him hope to look upon and the strength to persist. This homecoming had not been like the last, for though I was glad to be home again, I could not help but feel that there was a division that had never before been between ada and i. I was angry that he should be so selfish as to try to spare me the agony of the fate of Men, or to try to keep his wilwarin-neth under glass. Did he not see that I wished to order my own life and that I had already made the choice that would make me happy, if for but a while? Did ada not understand that not one year's worth of love was so much more valuable than all of an Elven lifetime of regret? And so I decided to combine my energies