Well, I said I'd do it, so here we are... Again. Before we get started on this fic, I just have a few things to say. Old and new readers alike, welcome to the remake of 'The monster within us', wither or not this fic will be better or not I do not know, but I will complete this thing, even if it takes three years. Anyway, honestly, this has been in the back of my mind for a long while now, but I've hardly done anything with it. But then I was looking back at my last SYOT, 'Shattered Souls', (an experiment that's a plethora of spelling and grammar mistakes and somewhat satisfying ) reading the reviews and seeing the complete marker on it, and I thought to myself, 'yes, I can finish my first SYOT', so here I am. So really, this remake will be mostly the same as Monster , but with minor changes that had been driving me crazy. Most of those changes probably will go unnoticed by you readers, but, hope you enjoy it neither the less. This time, there will be an interview chapter, as well as a couple of extra chapters before the games start. And the chapter before the games will be when things will be different from Monster. Until then, minor changes. So for those of you still reading this, there as a couple of other things that I should say. Before continuing on, you will agree to the facts that I am not perfect, this fic won't be flawless, as there will be spelling and grammar mistakes somewhere (though I will try to keep it to a minimum to the best of my abilities.) and that you can read this in a mature manner that won't involve you wanting to spill my guts. Reviews are appreciated , but not required. Also, you can say whatever you want in reviews, I won't mind. Now that that's over with... Read and enjoy. "The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live." -Norman Cousins Ten years ago The One Hundredth and Twenty Ninth Hunger Games District Ten's Druid Ray's POV I couldn't believe it, I just couldn't fucking believe it. After eight days in Hell, Saddy and I were the only ones left alive. Despite the odds, despite that there were twenty two other tributes that wanted us dead, in which six of them were trained killers that had dedicated their entire lives to this event, we had somehow survived against everything that had been thrown at us. It was nothing short of a miracle. I know that I said that I'd protect Saddy and lead her to victory, but I never in my wildest dreams thought that I'd make it this far. I expected to die in the final twelve, then I expected to die in the final eight, then in the final four. I never expected that it would just be Saddy and I left in the arena. It was a good feeling, but one mixed in with sadness as I knew what the future looked like for me. In this moment in time I could still hear and feel my heart racing as it pumped the much needed blood into my body, feeling its warmth in various areas of my body. I could still feel the air make its way painfully into my chest due to my heavy breathing, my excitement, my joy. My sight was full of multi-coloured blobs that ever so slowly disappeared to clearly revel the scene in front of me. I didn't need to see in order to see what was in front of me though, I knew that my enemy was dead, I had heard the cannon fire to signal the death of who I wanted dead, but my body still wanted to move, my mind was rushing with a million thoughts a second. I couldn't think straight, and I didn't want it to think straight either, all I wanted to think of was of fighting and only fighting. My body was on a rush, and it felt good, but it also felt wrong. I didn't stop it though, I let it flow its course with little resistance, because this feeling of power, something that was only a dream for a poor farmer boy back home, was overwhelmingly good. I loved it. I continued to stab my knife into the dead tribute, feeling the resistance of her flesh slide against my knife. It was just like my other fights, I just didn't know when to stop. Or more truthfully, I didn't want to stop, I just wanted to keep going, it just felt so good. Each stab to her chest gave me a rush of joy as I felt the knife sink into her flesh, as I felt her warm blood splash onto my hands, my arms, my chest, and my face. There was no other feeling like what I was experiencing at the moment. I was the one that controlled whose life was to expire. With the simple actions of a stab and slash, a life was at my mercy. I was death's messenger, and the message was that your time was up because I deemed it so. "Druid," Saddy's distorted voice called out to me, no louder than a whisper, but at the same time, it was one of the loudest noises I had ever heard. "She's dead." "I know." I said as I continued to sink the knife into her body, feeling the pleasant warmth of fresh blood splash onto my body. "Then stop doing that." She pleaded with her whisper and shout. It was strange to hear the volume of her voice like that. It confused me. Why did she sound like that? Why did her voice sound twisted up and not like her own? I stopped, but only for her. If it were up to me I'd still be stabbing this body and continue to feel this rush of pleasure. I breathed in and out some more, trying to calm myself down, trying to get myself away from my primal instincts and come back to reality again. And as much as my inner self hated me, I managed to get my breathing to grow softer and calmer as my heart slowed down and the spots in front of me slowly disappeared, allowing me to see the world in colour clearly again. I wanted to continue to feel the much needed pleasure that I had discovered by murder. It was wrong, I know, but it felt so right. I wanted to live in the moment, forever. But I stopped, for her, and only her. I felt Saddy's hands wrap around my chest as she said. "Come on Druid, let's go." I managed to stand up with her help, the burning pain of my injuries getting to me now that I was out of my animal like state. Another reason I hated returning to humanity. I saw the bright red blood on my hands and knew that most of it wasn't mine, it was from the one I had slain. But the burning sensation that I felt was my own. I looked down to see all the deep cuts that I received in the arms, the one long, wide cut that I received to my stomach that threatened to spill all my guts out of my body if I moved the wrong way even once. I placed my right hand over my stomach to hold in my guts in, or at least keep in as much as I could. My chest was also covered with cuts and blood and holes, I didn't have long to live with all this blood pouring out of me like an over flooded well. From the sudden wave of pain I was experiencing, the sight of some of my own purple and brown intestines hanging out of my stomach like loose ropes, and the feeling of my right hand touching soggy, slimy, overgrown worms became too much for my body as I felt something build up inside my stomach before it rose to my chest. I then felt the warm, acidic taste of metallic blood rush out of my mouth as I vomited the thick, crimson liquid from my mouth, leaving a retched taste that I could only describe as warm, metallic, and raw horse liver. But as I looked beyond myself, I knew that my injuries were nothing compared to the one that laid before me. The girl from District One, also known as Gold, laid in the bloody plain of grass as her blood pooled around her body. The injuries that Saddy and I gave her were much more intense then the ones that I, or even Saddy, had received, but that still didn't mean that the wounds that Gold had given us weren't harmless. Gold Evergreat had two bloody holes where her eyes should have been, her face was so cut up and caved in that even her mother wouldn't recognize the red paste in front of her. Even her hair, whatever hadn't been torn from her scalp, had turned from the bright sun like colour it had been to a dark red, formed from her own blood, and the blood of her victims. The teeth that she used to smile with, the ones that seemed to sparkle whenever she opened her mouth, were all missing, scattered somewhere in the field around us, leaving an empty mouth filled with nothing but blood, bits of tongue, and flesh. And that wasn't even mentioning the rest of the cuts and holes and guts and bones sticking out of her body like some sort of grotesque Capitol clay art model. Gold's body looked like it had been chewed apart by wild dogs, about half of her skin was missing, ripped from her bones, while her intestines looked as if they slithered out of the hole her stomach used to be. Her ears were missing from the mess that was her head. Not all of her fingers were sill attached, and what was attached was broken, bits of bone were sticking out. Flaps of skin that had been torn from her body gently moved in the direction of the summer breeze while some of her limbs were twisted into impossible angles. And blood, blood was everywhere. Even to me right now, it was hard to imagine how the two of us could have possibly done that to that girl. How could we of twisted her body into that shape and form? I didn't think about it too much, this was the Hunger Games, and things like this have happened before. Nothing is impossible in the games. "Druid," Saddy, her voice much clearer then before, much more normal sounding in volume and identity now, said to me with sadness in her voice. "We're the only two left." "I know." I told her painfully. We were the only two left, and that meant that one of us was either going to have to kill the other, or one of us was going to have to commit suicide. I turned around to look at my district partner, my friend, the girl I loved, and saw that her face was full of pain. The pain on her face wasn't from the fact that her left cheek had been torn from her body, revelling that side of her mouth, or the fact that her face had a huge diagonal slash across it, or from the other numerous cuts across her body. No, her pain was more from sadness than pain, and I bet I had the same painful look on my face as well. I knew what this was about, because I had the same thoughts rushing through me head as well. "We have choices Druid," Saddy told me with tears building up in her still functioning eye. Her gorged out eye dripping out