District Seven Timber "Saw" Carther's POV They were happy, and I was glad for that. I watched as my two younger brothers and two younger sisters held each other's hands and danced around in a circle while screaming at the top of their lungs. They were smiling happily as they chanted out with glee. "No school! No school! No school for today!" It was all right for them to act that way. To act like excited, little children, because that's what they were. At ages ten, eleven, and twelve years old, they didn't have to worry about reaping day. My twelve year old brother, Jack, wasn't scared at all, and why should he be? He's only entered his name once, no tesserae or anything. His odd of getting drawn were extremely low. The rest were too young to worry about the reapings. But I was also angry at them, because they didn't know how serious the reapings were. They were all goofing off without a care in the world, and there was a chance that someone in this family could get reaped. And this was the tenth quarter quell, and for some stupid reason, they hadn't told us what the twist was. For all I knew, they could reap an entire family! They were all smiles and laughs, all because they were missing school. Well school should be the last thing on their minds, someone, or maybe some people, were going to be taken away from this district, and all they cared about was missing school! "Why don't you all take this thing seriously?" I shouted at them, angry at their happy go lucky attitudes. "Especially you Jack! And you too Chip!" If there was one thing wrong with the group of five kids jumping around in front of me, it was that one of them wasn't a kid. In fact, one of them was older than I was. My seventeen year old brother, Chip, second oldest of the family, second only to my sister, Oksana, didn't belong in that group. He shouldn't be acting like a stupid ten year old, if it was a good day. Hell, Jack was more mentally mature than him, and that was saying something as Jack could be incredibly stupid as well. "Act your age!" The room was quiet now. My siblings, older and younger, were looking at me with surprised and confused expressions on their faces as their singing had come to a halt. Chip stared dumbly at me, and that really got to me. "What the hell's with that look? You too stupid to understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? Huh? Are you?" The room was completely silent for a few short seconds as everyone seemed to absorb my words. Then Chip started to cry like a fucking baby. "Shut up!" I yelled, throwing a punch to his face. The fist connected with his face, sending him stumbling backwards until his back hit the wall. All he did was cry louder. "I swear god damn it, shut up! Please! Shut up!" Despite being six feet tall, having strong arms and broad shoulders, Chip was such a cry baby. "What the hell's going on this time?" I heard the voice of my older sister shout as she entered the kitchen, if you could even call this a kitchen. It was small, rotting, and a poor excuse for a kitchen. But it was the best that we could get. Even though I wasn't even looking at her, I could tell that she was looking at me with angry eyes and a look of disappointment on her face. "Did you make your brother cry again!" It wasn't a question. "Its his own fault! Him and Jack and everyone else!" I told her, throwing my hands towards my siblings that had been dancing up and down like crazy. "I heard what you were saying to him!" My sister yelled at me, getting in between me and my brothers and sisters. "Then you should of heard them as well! Its reaping day, and none of them are taking it seriously! It's like they don't even care! Chip of all people should know just how dangerous this is!" "What Jack and the others get through reaping day is none of your business!" My older sister told me. "And for Chip, it's not his fault that he doesn't understand the danger that he's in. You of all people should know about that!" "Well he damn well should! There should be something in what's left of his brain to tell him that this is no laughing matter!" I said as I pointed a finger towards my older brother. Reaping day, seventeen, slips of paper with his name on it, drawing of death, death in the arena, how hard was that to understand? I grabbed my brother by the shirt collar and pulled him towards me. He didn't offer any resistance, all he did was stare at me with a scared look as my sister tried to rip my hands off of him. "You hear me in there! This is serious!" I felt my hands get thrown off my brother before I felt the strong arms of my sister hold me in a headlock. It really hurt. Oksana may be a girl, but she was as strong as grown men. Not only that, but her headlock was suffocating me! "Let go!" I demanded as I felt myself get dragged against my will. "Let go!" I then felt myself get thrown to the floor before hearing a door slam behind me. "We'll let you out when it's time to go." My sister said before her foot steps started to fade away. I got up and ran to the door, tried to open it, and discovered that it was locked. I pounded my fist on the door, trying to force it open. It didn't budge, the thing was made of solid wood. With anger boiling inside me, I let it all out by attacking the walls and screaming out my frustrations. My younger siblings and Chip were all stupid! They were fucking retards that didn't understand just how serious this was! Jack, even though it was his first reaping, could get his name drawn, and here he was, acting like nothing bad was going to happen to him. And Chip, he had a bigger chance of getting picked, and was acting just like Jack. Carefree and childish. No school? That's what reaping day meant to them? No fucking school day? I should- UGH! I added new dents and marks on the walls as I continued to slam fists and feet into the walls, thinking of how I wanted to beat some sense into them. I continued to hit walls until I couldn't hit them no more. I got tired, and my fists and feet hurt. Chip. Jack. Oksana. Everyone. With my energy disappeared, so did my rage. I fell to the ground as I curled up in a ball, holding my hands and hugging my feet at I felt tears start to stream down my face. Oksana was right, it wasn't their fault that they were acting this way. They probably didn't want to think about how scary the reapings were, I sure didn't, but the thought of Chip, and now, Jack, getting reaped kept on getting into my head. The thought of them going into the arena, facing whatever horrors were in that dreaded place, wasn't something that I wanted to think about, but kept on thinking anyway. She was also right about how I should know about Chip being a retard better than anyone else. After all, I was the one that dropped that two handed saw on his head. I didn't kill him, but I did something worse, I made him the way he is now. He's not the Chip that I had grown up with, that Chip was dead, and in his place was a kid that would never grow up. Just once, I wish that I could have retard Chip fight back, stand up to me, or even say something at least half intelligent, letting me know that my brother was still in there somewhere. I waited and waited, but I've still gotten nothing from him. He can't even say his name. I know that it's not his fault, it's mine. I acted stupid, and because of that, everyone suffered. Oksana worked almost constantly, I couldn't get a job that involved sharp tools, which eliminated nearly every legal job that paid, and Jack was working after school. That left the youngest to take care of themselves, and Chip. It pained me, but last year, because of my stupid act, Oksana had to take out even more tesserae than normal. This year, I did the deed to taking out tesserae, because I knew that while I didn't have a good chance of coming home, Chip's odds were even worse. I felt myself start to cry out. I just want things to go back to the way they were. Willow Jacksmith's POV My mind wondered if I should worry about getting reaped. Sure I hadn't put my names in too many times, my name was only in there six times, but my friend Haley, kept on reminding me that there was still a chance that I could get picked. That, plus the quarter quell had never been announced, so the twist of the game was still a mystery to us all. What was this year's twist? What nightmare would they put those in the arena? Would I be put into this year's arena? The thought scared me as Haley kept on going through what sadistic twists that the Capitol might of thought of for this quarter quell. I covered my ears until we reached the town square, and even then, I couldn't escape my friend, because she was the same age as me, and I was standing next to her. "What if we only have twenty four hours to kill each other?" Haley asked with panic in her voice. "What if we have ten times the tributes? What if-" "Haley," I said, still covering my ears and was beginning to panic myself. "Please stop. You're scaring me." I was scared before this day even began, Haley was only adding fuel to the fire. And her own fears as well. "Oh," She said with shame as she cast her eyes down. "Sorry." "It's fine." I told her. "Just, don't talk for the rest of the reapings." "Ok." She said quietly. I wasn't saying that to hurt her feelings, and I wasn't just thinking about myself for this, I was thinking of the both of us. We both got scared easily, in fact, we became friends when we got lost in the forest. We were both wondered off into the forest, got lost, found each other, and held on to each other to keep each other safe and make ourselves feel safe in the progress. It wasn't until the next morning that the lumberjacks found us huddling together, our arms wrapped around each other as we continued to shiver in fright. We didn't sleep that entire night, and we thought that the lumberjacks were monsters, so we ran away from them as soon as we saw them. We eventually found out that they weren't monsters, but not until nearly fifteen minutes of running away later. It was something we laughed at now, and it was my most prized memory. I was always afraid to talk to the other kids, but our bond was forged without words. "Hello District Seven!" A high pitched female voice shouted into the microphone, scaring me and making me jump a little. "Welcome to the tenth quarter quell. Now, you all may be wondering why you're inside those cages right now," Cages? We didn't walk into any cages. I looked around to see if she was joking. She wasn't. Us seventeen year old girls