First, I would just like to say thank you! This is my first Marauder story, and I'd greatly appreciate your input/feedback! Review to help me improve my writing (Constructive criticism only, please. Don't be rude.)! Second, I feel that I should disclose that I'm American. I tried my best to write it in a very… British way? I apologize if there are incorrect usages of some of the terms, or if I in any way offended you if you are from England (Really Europe in general!), I certainly didn't mean to. Third, I (obviously) don't own Harry Potter, or any of the characters within the series — J.K. Rowling does, and I am simply giving my take on the Marauders(plus Lily)'s lives. Aside from a few of the side characters, it's all J.K. Rowling's brilliant mind. *All Hail The Queen* Fourth, this story will be told from Lily's perspective, even though this first chapter is from James's. It is simply meant to portray how he feels about her, and then it will be up to Miss Evans to riddle out the mysterious James Potter! Enjoy! The Little Things Chapter One: The Visually Impaired King The inevitability of it all was almost amusing. Because he was a boy and she was a girl, and they were polar opposites. Because she was studious; he was negligent. Because she was cautious; he was impulsive. Because she was modest; he was arrogant. If looked at objectively it probably could have been predicted, yet no-one saw it coming. Not even them. Love is a tricky thing to pinpoint, but he could tell you the second he fell in love with her. It was the way her emerald eyes sparkled in the sunlight, and the way the sun made her red hair look like fire. It was the way her laugh was loud and filled the room, and the way she bit her bottom lip when she was concentrating. The way she cared a little too much about her marks, and the way she always had a witty reply at the ready. It was the little things that were James Potter's downfall. It had been a day just like any other. He was fiddling with his round glasses, and sitting with his friends. With his back against the tree and his legs crossed in front of him, his eyes followed her as she walked across the grounds with a boy. As she laughed at something he said, James looked away and furrowed his brow. "Perhaps," said Remus, "If you weren't so keen on staring at Lily all day, you wouldn't be in detention tonight." He was a skinny boy with mousey brown hair, and matched James in height at 6 feet, 2 inches. He had muted green eyes that James would often get jealous of in first year. Remus was often perceived as the most responsible of the Marauders, and this false assumption sent his mates roaring with laughter. No, just because Remus finished his homework and was on his way to joining the Slug Club didn't make him responsible. He was a Marauder, after all. "It's not my fault McGonagall assigned an unrealistic amount of homework! Staring at Evans has got nothing to do with it." James protested, sitting up a little straighter and directing his attention to the game of wizard's chess being played by Sirius and Peter. As Remus snorted in disbelief, Sirius's knight leapt forward and bashed Peter's rook until all that remained were a few large chunks and some dust. Peter huffed, and Sirius grinned triumphantly. "Speaking of staring at Evans," Sirius said, casting a mischievous look at James while Peter scrunched his face up in concentration over his next move, "Heard that Prosser was seen eyeing her in Charms, and that he's planning on asking her to Hogsmeade. Want me to… discourage him?" Sirius was only 5 feet 7, but he was more muscular than his taller friends. The black hair which came down to his shoulders, was currently in a very sloppy bun, but he was more often than not seen with it untidy and loose. Sirius was often perceived as tough, with grey eyes, and a roguishly handsome face, but mostly because he occasionally smoked, but because the taste of cigarettes would usually ward off any girls he was after, he hadn't much gotten into it. Peter, on the other hand, had never even tried a cigarette. He refused to share his height with his mates, but they'd determined he was at least 3 inches shorter than Sirius. His dirty blond hair was cut fairly short, and his blue eyes were a dulled shade of Forget-Me-Nots. James chuckled, "Prosser? He's no threat. What's he? Slytherin?" Sirius nodded and James continued, "She'd never date a Slytherin. I think Snivelly is proof of that. Besides, I don't think he's got the guts to actually ask her out." He added with another small laugh. Sirius just shrugged, and returned to his game. James's eyes slid back over to Lily like a magnet, and he watched her sit down and take out a book. Whether it was a textbook or a book she was reading simply for fun he could not tell from the distance he sat, but the boy sat down next to her and took out one of his own. Just as James had predicted, the boy was none other than Severus Snape - the greasy, black-haired best mate of Lily Evans. He was in Slytherin, and James hated him with every fiber of his being. He had half a mind to go over and hex the prat into oblivion, but before he could suggest it, Remus gave him a scowl and shook his head slightly. He knew he should've been working on the homework for McGonagall, but he couldn't bring himself to open his bag and fetch the necessary supplies. A few more minutes passed and with it a few more of Peter's chess pieces, and feeling the nagging tug of boredom, James went back to staring at Lily. She really was beautiful, even from a distance. She was biting her bottom lip, her eyes scanning the pages intently, and a small smile crept onto his face. It wasn't often he got to look at her for so long. Especially without her hexing him. This only made him smile more, of course. Suddenly, something hard hit his face, and he was snapped out of his Lily-induced daze. "Prongs. Seriously, you're getting creepy about it. You can't just stare at her and smile for no reason. You look mental." This was said by Sirius, who James assumed was also the thrower of the pawn that now lay in the grass. He grunted, and mumbled, "That hurt, you know," and rubbed his cheek. And that was him. James; Prongs. Black hair he mussed up on purpose because Lily had once told him it looked better that way. As an insult, of course, but he took it to heart anyways. He had hazel eyes that he used to wish were all the way green, but now thought they were better left to Lily. And James Potter looked at Lily Evans, and felt his heart explode. Not the little flutter or flip-flop it usually did when he looked at her, but a nuclear explosion. He knew this wouldn't be good. He knew this couldn't end well. -::- The next day, James had his Defense Against The Dark Arts O.W.L. He'd been quite nervous about the exam but now that he was actually taking it, he thought he could at least manage an "Exceeds Expectations". He finished up the last of the written question he was answering, and brought the parchment back down to read what he had written. Deciding that he had answered it acceptably, he yawned and reached up to ruffle his hair. He glanced at Professor Flitwick, and then turned and grinned at Sirius, who was four seats behind him. Sirius gave him the thumbs-up. He was leaning back in his chair, so it was only standing on two legs. Behind him, Millie McSorely was eyeing him hopefully, but he hadn't yet noticed. Quickly becoming bored, he took out a spare bit of parchment and doodled a snitch onto it. He carefully started sketching the letters L. E. on it, his mind drifting to Lily… "Quills down, please!" squealed Professor Flitwick. "That means you too, Stebbins! Please remain seated while I collect your parchment. Accio! " More than a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed towards Professor Flitwick's outstretched arms, knocking him off his feet. James laughed and looked sideways at Remus, who was a few seats to the left, to see him smiling softly as well. A couple students from the front desks moved to help the little professor back to his feet. "Thank you… thank you," panted Professor Flitwick. "Very well, everybody, you're free to go!" James hastily crossed out the L. E. he'd been embellishing, jumped to his feet, stuffed his quill and the exam question paper into his bag, which he slung over his back, and stood waiting for Sirius to join him. Sirius, Remus, and Peter all found their way to him, and they started out of the classroom. Peter looked very worried, but besides him they were all confident they'd done their best. "Did you like question ten, Moony?" Sirius asked as they reached the entrance hall. "Loved it," said Remus briskly, "'Give five signs that identify the werewolf.' Excellent question." "D'you think you managed to get all the signs?" asked James sarcastically. "Think I did," said Remus seriously, as they joined the crowd thronging around the front doors eager to get out into the sunlit grounds. "One: He's sitting in my chair. Two: He's wearing my clothes. Three: His name's Remus Lupin…" Peter was the only one who didn't laugh, though James thought it was quite clever. "I got the snout shape, the pupils of the eyes, and the tufted tail," Peter said anxiously, "but I couldn't think of what else —" "How thick are you, Wormtail?" James said impatiently, "You run round with a werewolf once a month —" "Keep your voice down." implored Remus. They continued to bicker over which questions they had gotten right and wrong all the way down to the lawn by the lake. "Well, I thought that paper was a piece of cake," Sirius said. "I'll be surprised if I don't get an Outstanding on it at least." "Me too," agreed James, putting a hand in his pocket and pulling out a struggling Golden Snitch. "Where'd you get that?" Peter questioned. "Nicked it." James replied casually. He started playing with the Snitch, allowing it to fly up to a foot away before recapturing it; a skill he'd learned in quidditch practice. Peter watched him in awe. They stopped in the shade of a beech tree and threw themselves down on the grass. James trailed Lily and a few of her friends with his eyes as they came out of the Great Hall and pulled their socks and shoes off, cooling their feet in the water. Remus had taken out a book and begun to read. Sirius was staring around at the students milling about on the lawn, looking quite contemptuous and bored. James was stilling playing with the Snitch, lazily letting it in and out of his grasp, and running a hand through his hair so as to not let it get too tidy. Peter was watching with his mouth open. Every time James made a particularly difficult catch, Peter would gasp and applaud, rather stroking his ego. After a few minutes of this, Sirius had apparently had enough. "Put that away, will you?" Sirius said irritably. "Before Wormtail wets himself from excitement." Peter blushed slightly, but James just grinned. "If it bothers you," he said, and stuffed the Snitch back into his pocket. "I'm bored," Sirius complained. "I wish it were a full moon." "You might," said Remus