One month after the fall of Gaea, 2014 I stood in the throne room of Mount Olympus, wondering why I had been summoned. I watched the rest of the council flash into their thrones, Zeus being the last one to appear. Then, he spoke. "Perseus Jackson! There has been evidence found that shows you worked with Gaea during the giant war. For your treason, you have been sentenced to Tartarus. Is there anyone who objects to his sentence?" I looked at Zeus shocked. Why would anyone assume I was a traitor? I'd been the one to kill Gaea, as well as four of the giants. I looked around the council, seeing if I had any supporters at all. Dionysus was asleep, Hermes was looking at me disapprovingly, Ares looked as if he wanted to kill me, Hephaestus kept catching on fire as he burned his hatred into me. I looked to my father hopefully, praying to him that he'd help me. But he looked at me like I were Kronos himself. On the female side of the room, Aphrodite was shooting me dirty looks, Athena was gripping her spear and staring straight at me like I was her next target. Artemis looked disappointed, like she thought I might have a chance. Demeter sent me several withering looks, and Hera was glaring at me as usual. Only Apollo and Hestia seemed to show any support, for they stood from their thrones. "I watched him from my sun chariot, he's done nothing wrong!" Apollo said. Zeus sighed. "Very well. We will put it to a vote. All in favor of Perseus staying here in the mortal world?" Only Hestia and Apollo raised their hands. Zeus smirked triumphantly "Well traitor, any last words?" I felt like the oxygen had been sucked right out of my lungs, but I managed to speak. "Whatever proof you have, I didn't do it!" Zeus just sent me one last hateful look, then turned to Hermes. "Take him to Tartarus at once." Hermes nodded, and began dragging me towards a dark portal of black and red and gray. By now, I was barely whispering, the images of my last trip to Tartarus flashing through my head and making it almost impossible to speak. Just before I was shoved through the portal, I felt Riptide vanish from my pocket. And I knew then that I would die alone, killed for a crime I never knew of. And then I was falling. I heard the wind whistling in my ears as I fell, but saw nothing moving which disoriented me. I remembered the last time I'd fallen through Tartarus, when I had Annabeth to hold on to. She was the only thing that kept me sane in this hellish place, and this time I was alone. I couldn't help but think of how I had arrived in this world alone, and I would die in it alone. The surrounding air began to change, becoming slightly thicker and gaining a dark red tint. I knew that my one way trip down was going to end soon, and I watched below me to see if there was anything at all that I could use to save myself. Finally, I began to see the ground. The dark tube I'd fallen through opened up into the massive cavern of Tartarus. I saw the same winged creatures in the distance, which I had once thought were Furies, but turned out to be something far worse. Down below me, I saw a dark glittering ribbon, a river. I was hoping it wasn't one of the five rivers of the underworld, but the chances of regular water existing in a place like this were nonexistent. I tried to control it, to make it reach up to me and slow my fall, but I felt nothing. No familiar tug in my gut, and I realized that my powers over water were gone. No weapons, no food, no water, no powers. I almost tried to angle myself towards the ground, so I could die instantly. But my inner personality, the hero, told me to not give up. And so I fell, watching the water below come closer. But something about it looked different. It didn't look like it had last time. Last time, it was dark and had small wisps of gray and white in it's currents. This time, it swirled orange and red and black and white and dark green. I realized just before I hit it that it was definitely not the Cocytus. At first, I felt nothing, and thought I was lucky. But as soon as I tried to swim ashore, more pain than I'd ever thought imaginable erupted across my body. It made the Styx feel like a bubble bath. Then, I began to hurt internally too. Every memory I never wished to see again burst through my mind, playing in front of me slowly. From when I first witnessed my mother being taken by the minotaur to the the betrayal of the camp and the gods. Then, I began to forget. forget everything about myself and the people I would die for. But then I remembered it again. Through this all, I managed to keep swimming, slowly but surely. I couldn't breathe, and my lungs were filled with the water of the five rivers of the underworld. I understood then that I had not landed in just one, but a mixture of all five, something that should never have come together. Finally, I felt the jagged glass of the ground outside the rivers. I slowly clawed my way out of the waters, and collapsed onto the ground, spewing the unholy mixture of the waters out of my lungs. I wondered why I was still alive, and still remembered who I was, when I realized the answer. The Phlegethon had healed me, keeping my memories from permanently escaping, and my body from dissolving. I managed to sit myself up and look around me. There was very little light, but I could see enough. I looked up at the tunnel I'd fallen from, and saw a very faint light at the top. I knew that it was the portal to Olympus, and I could feel the gods watching me. I sighed, and began my journey to find a way out. Olympus "Zeus, how did you learn of his treachery?" Poseidon inquired as the gods watched him fall through the portal, which had converted to a television. Zeus glanced at Poseidon. "Well, it was discovered by your other son that Perseus had helped Gaea during the war. He had used a communication device to speak to her and tell her of the plans of the demigods." Poseidon nodded, and went back to watching the portal. But then he couldn't help but ask another question. "What was the device that he used? Was it destroyed?" Zeus looked at him, annoyed that he wouldn't stop talking. "Well, I never actually saw the device. Your other son simply told me through a burnt offering at camp that he had found the device in Perseus's belongings." Poseidon looked worried. "Shouldn't we have him bring it here and let us destroy it? It has traces of Gaea's magic on it, and with enough power, might bring her back." Zeus sighed and nodded. He turned to Hermes and ordered him to go get Poseidon's other child and tell him to bring the device. Hermes nodded and flashed away. The gods turned their attention back to the portal, where they watched Perseus suffer in the river. "Athena, which river is that? I wanna know how much pain he's in." Ares asked. Athena studied the river's colors for a while before she responded. "I think that it's not just one river, but all five of them combined into one stream. Hopefully the pain will be indescribable and kills him." Ares laughed, as did some of the other gods. Hermes flashed back in with a chubby boy with green eyes behind him. The boy looked at the council as if he were their equal, but several of the members there looked at him in mild disgust. "Boy, bring out the communication device and hand it to me." The boy, who was named Peter, nodded and pulled out an object. It was a small golden coin, with some etchings on it. He tossed it to Zeus, who caught it and studied it closely. After a while, he froze, before crumpling the metal in his hand. "Demigod, this is no communications device. This is a dollar coin. Give us the real communication device." Peter paled, and shuffled nervously. "Well… there isn't one." At this, all the gods turned from the image in the portal and looked at him. Zeus spoke in a voice that sounded like the calm before a storm. "What do you mean, there isn't one?" Peter gulped and replied. "I mean, I-I made it all up. Gaea told me that if her plan failed, I needed to make sure that Perseus was destroyed. Not only physically but emotionally and mentally as well." The gods took a moment to realize what all had happened, before some donned horrified expressions and turned to the screen in terror. Zeus looked to Poseidon, asking a silent question. The god nodded his head, and glared at the boy before him. Without a word, Zeus raised his master bolt and smote the demigod. He vanished with a wail of agony. The rest of the council was watching Zeus, waiting to see what he would do. "We… no, I was a fool to trust him. I should have seen the truth. I fear we have sent an innocent demigod to his death, a demigod we owe our lives to. Normally, I despise Poseidon's children, but as the god of justice, I feel something should be done. While we may not be able to save Perseus from his assured death, we can make sure the one responsible tastes his own medicine. Hermes, tell Hades to send the boy to the Fields of Punishment. Make sure he gets the worst possible tortures. And Hephaestus, make sure that whatever this portal shows us is preserved. Perseus's thoughts included. We must keep it as a reminder of how careless we have grown. And before you ask, it is impossible to get him now. Tartarus exists for one purpose, to never let anything out. Hermes, Hephaestus, attend to your duties." The two gods nodded and Hermes disappeared with a flash. The remaining gods turned their attention back to the portal image. And they watched their hero struggle through the poisonous landscape, feeling terrible for what they'd done. Tartarus, Two Years Later I stumbled forward across the ground that thumped beneath my feet. I had reached the heart of Tartarus, after so much time spent in this hellhole. I had met many of my old enemies, monsters and titans alike. I had managed to defeat them with my bare hands, but I knew that one day soon, I would meet a blade that I couldn't evade. Hordes of monsters had gathered at the heart, filing into a smaller cavern which I assumed led to the doors of death. How they'd been chained again, I would never know. But I understood that I needed to close them, whether I was in them or not. I crept forward, not caring whether I made any noise. The constant drumming of the dark god's heart overwhelmed everything. I saw Arai swirling above me in the gloom, hellhounds baying and cyclopes shuffling around with celestial bronze clubs. Telekhines carried some long parcel covered in dark cloth, and I could tell what it was without needing to look closer. Kronos had returned, and his servants had reforged his weapon. I needed to stop him before he got to the mortal world. The gods and the campers may have betrayed me, but I couldn't stay angry with them if I tried. Suddenly, movement in the