Hermione's pregnancy had been difficult from the beginning. She and Draco had not planned to have a baby so soon after marrying. They had planned to give everyone time to come to terms with their surprise marriage first. After all, they did marry while on vacation without ever having been engaged. They had not planned for a honeymoon baby. It came as a great surprise, when five weeks after they announced the marriage, Hermione discovered she was pregnant, and not simply run down from the stress of dealing with their friends and Draco's parents and the endless articles in the Daily Prophet. Draco was thrilled. Hermione not so much. She wanted a baby, she wanted Draco's baby, but now just was not a good time. They had married on impulse while vacationing in Brazil. While touring the wizarding section of Rio, their guide had taken them to visit a very old Muggle chapel. It was a very beautiful, stone building on the edge of the forest that marked the border between the Muggle and wizarding worlds in Rio. The guide told them it was still used as a wedding chapel for Muggle tourists. He said Muggles could feel the tingles of magic that surrounded the area and considered it a lucky place to be wed. Later that week, after a very romantic dinner and two bottles of wine, Draco decided they should return to the pretty little chapel and get married before returning to London the next day. They had discussed marriage in passing, but as his family and their friends just barely tolerated their relationship, it was not something they had seriously considered. But on that particular night, it seemed like the best idea in the world. "My parents and our friends will not completely accept us being a couple until we force them to accept it. And what better way to force the issue. We love each other, are committed to living our lives together forever, right? Is that not the most basic definition of marriage? So let's just do it. If we go back and try to plan a wedding it's going to be a fight. If we just show up already married, they will not have a choice but to accept it. This way we can have a peaceful ceremony that we will remember with love. Not the circus my mother will plan. What do you say?" And with that little speech from Draco, she was convinced. So they married quietly that night, in the lovely little Brazilian chapel, in a Muggle ceremony. Just the two of them and the Muggle minister and his wife as witnesses. It was simple and beautiful, exactly the memory they wanted to share with their children and grandchildren. After returning to London, they first went to Malfoy Manor to break the news of their marriage to Lucius and Narcissa. It went about as well as could be expected. At least there was no bloodshed. Anger, disappointment, and a threat or two, but not a drop of magical blood spilled. Draco took that as a win. Next, they gathered all of their friends together at a restaurant in Diagon Alley to make the announcement. This time, however, there was a few drops of blood spilled. Ronald Weasley's blood to be exact. After making the announcement, Ron had exploded. Accusations were made that Hermione was coerced into marriage at best, imperioed into it, at worst. Next thing anyone knew, Ron was on the floor clutching his nose, and Draco was shaking out his bruised knuckles. Ginny and Luna were the bright spots in the evening, when they hugged not only Hermione, but Draco too. And offered their congratulations and best wishes. Luna was even heard to say, "They make a lovely couple. Their personalities really compliment one another. And they are going to make stunning babies!" And five weeks later, they found out they had created the first Malfoy grandchild. Lucius and Narcissa initially thought Hermione had trapped their son into marriage by claiming to be pregnant. But as the weeks progressed they came to see that their son was actually in love with the little Muggleborn witch. And she was carrying their grandson. So a truce was called, and Draco hoped this would be the end of the battle he had waged to get his parents to accept his wife into the family. Giving them a grandchild could be the answer to his prayers. But then his prayers changed. Suddenly, he found himself praying for the health of his wife and unborn son. Hermione had been plagued with horrible morning sickness since the beginning of her pregnancy, but it did not go away after the first trimester, as usual. It got worse. Hermione could keep barely anything on her stomach. Even water disagreed with her sensitive stomach some days. This went on for weeks. The healers tried potions, but Hermione was allergic to the main ingredient in anti-nausea potions. By the end of her second trimester, she was losing so much weight the healers wanted to keep her hospitalized until her delivery. But Hermione refused to stay. After much argument, Narcissa convinced her son to bring his wife to the Manor where she could be looked after all the time. Narcissa had experienced severe morning sickness with Draco, and her old house elf, Linny, had a secret elixir that helped with the nausea. By this time, Hermione was so weak and afraid of losing her son, she would try anything. Even if it meant going to Malfoy Manor to stay with her less than loving in laws. Linny delighted in having a pregnant witch to care for again. Missy Narcissa had only had young master Draco, and Linny had always wanted her nursery filled with Malfoy babies to watch over. Maybe Missy Hermione would fill the nursery with little ones for Linny to dote on. Linny fed Missy Hermione her special elixir, along with hearty broths and soups to help get her strength back. Once she was strong enough for visitors, Narcissa came to ask if Hermione would object to her company. Narcissa was greatly concerned about both her grandson and her daughter in law. Narcissa sat with Hermione and told her about her confinement with Draco. Gradually, Hermione and Narcissa bonded over their similar traumatic pregnancies. Narcissa came to appreciate the quiet strength her new daughter in law exuded. And Hermione learned there was much more to her Pureblood mother-in-law than she had been exposed to over the years. Lucius, however, was not so easily won over. While he had come to accept that Hermione was not going anywhere, he still struggled with the thought of his grandson and the heir to the House of Malfoy being a halfblood. He had dreamed of Draco marrying a perfect Pureblood princess and having perfect, blonde children since the healer had announced that Narcissa was carrying a son. It was a dream he found difficult to let go. Until the day his grandson arrived. Hermione had finally reached a point where she could keep down simple foods. She was thrilled to be able to get out and shop for baby Scorpius, like every other expectant mother. Although, at not quite eight months pregnant, it was a strain on her body to walk for extended periods of time. But she would push through the discomfort, because there was just so much she needed to do before her son was born. On this particular day, Hermione had ventured into Diagon Alley to look for the perfect outfit to bring her baby home from St. Mungo's. She was feeling a little tired, so she stopped in the Leaky Cauldron to sit and rest for a few minutes. Tom greeted her and offered to make her a cup of tea. While waiting, she noticed a tightening in her abdomen. It only lasted for a few moments, so she ignored it, assuming it to be false labor. It happened again as she was finishing her second cup of tea. She decided perhaps she should go home and lay down for a while. After thanking Tom for the tea, she stepped into the floo, calling out Malfoy Manor. As she arrived at the Manor grate in the sitting room, she felt a much stronger cramp in her stomach. She stumbled out of the fireplace and grabbed the back of an armchair to balance herself. She called out for Draco, only to be met with silence. She tried calling for Narcissa , but again only silence. Next she yelled for Linny. The little elf arrived with a pop. "What can Linny do for Missy Hermione?" Linny asked, while bowing so low her pointed nose almost brushed the rug. "Linny, where is my husband? And Mistress Narcissa?" Hermione tried to speak calmly. The cramping seemed to be intensifying with each passing minute. "Master Draco is be going into the office. He says tell Missy Hermione he not be home for dinner. He is taking business associates from Japan to his club for dinner. And Mistress took a port key to Milan with Lady Parkinson and Lady Greengrass to shop for dresses for Missy Parkinson's wedding next month. Can Linny help Missy with something?" "Linny, I need you to get Draco at his club for me, I think there is something wrong. My stomach is cramping and it is getting worse. " Hermione said while tightly gripping the chair back. Linny disapperated and popped back a few minutes later. "Linny is very sorry, Missy . Master Draco is not at his club. And he is not being at his office either." By this point, the cramps had become almost unbearable. "Linny, I need to get to St. Mungo's. But I do not think I can stand on my own to floo there. Can you help me?" Hermione was now leaning over the back of the chair, moaning in obvious distress. Before Linny could answer, Hermione heard the deep voice of her father-in-law call for Linny. And away the little elf went. Hermione tried to catch her breath. "What seems to be the problem, Miss Granger?" Lucius had always refused to acknowledge she was a Malfoy. "You appear to be distressed." "Mr. Malfoy, I need to get to St. Mungo's. It feels like I am in labor. And I still have six and a half weeks until my due date. Something didn't feel right." And for the first time in all the years she had known the unflappable Lucius Malfoy, she saw his perfectly calm exterior crumble. He rushed to her side, grabbing one arm and putting the other arm around her back. He guided her around the side of the chair, and over to the sofa, where he proceeded to try to force her to lay down. "Mr. Malfoy, St. Mungo's. I need to get to the hospital to see my healer." Hermione managed to get out between moans. "Oh, my, well...um, can you stand? No? Well, let's see?" Lucius turned about, looking around the sitting room as though hoping an answer would pop out of the woodwork. Suddenly, he seemed to come to a decision. He stepped up to the the side of the sofa and bent over, scooping his daughter-in-law up in his arms. He marched to fireplace and stepped in. "Linny, throw a handful of Floo powder in, if you please. Then keep trying to find Draco. And have Pip bring my wife to St. Mungo's." The flames rose up around them, and Lucius called "St. Mungo's!" The trip through the floo was a blur, then they were stepping out of the grate and into the lobby. "Someone get Healer Smythewick, immediately!" Lucius yelled to the receptionist. "My daughter-in-law is in labor." Hermione seemed to be fading in and out of consciousness. He could hear her soft voice pleading with him. "It's too soon. It's too soon, Lucius. Please, I can't lose him. I can't fail Draco. He wants