A/N: So, this story has been buzzing about in my brain for a bit and I got some time to write it down, it has not been reviewed by a beta yet, so all feedback is much appreciated! It is DH- compliant but EWE. Rated M for later chapters, for language and sexual content. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, I am a broke college student who just has fun with the characters while I should be studying. This is slash, so if you don't like two boys getting down than I suggest you go elsewhere! Summary: After the battle with Voldemort, Harry is given another chance to go back and enjoy his teenage years in the 1970's, a chance to meet his parents, befriend a man who gave his life protecting him and a chance to just be Harry. Eventual Slash HP/SS A Chance to Live Chapter One: Harry sat in a small hidden alcove by the edge of the Great Lake that he had found sometime during the Triwizard tournament. It was all over. Sure, it would take some time for the Wizarding World to get back up on its feet, but for now they could celebrate the fact that Voldemort was dead. It had been an hour since his disarming spell had slain the Dark Lord and Harry had somehow managed to slip away from the crowd to find some time alone to breathe and come to terms with the fact that it was over. Harry threw up a small ward around his area, just in case someone decided they wanted to go looking for him- he wasn't really in the mood to give up the few precious moments he had found to himself just yet. Hopefully everyone would be so busy celebrating and grieving they wouldn't come looking for him too soon. Before Harry could start down the path of grieving, he sensed a movement out of the corner of his eye and whipped his head around to see a cloaked figure sitting in the same manner as him. Before his hand could even reach for his wand, a deep male voice emanated from beneath the hood. "Don't bother, your magic won't work on me," the figure stated calmly, his voice somewhat familiar. "I'm not here to hurt you, I would just like to make you an offer," As if sensing Harry's skepticism the figure added with a light-hearted chuckle, "you may try to cast a spell on me if that would make you feel better". Harry tried a jelly-leg hex upon the man, not really wanting to hurt him. Nothing happened. Harry could almost feel the man's smirk radiating from beneath the cloak. "Who are you?" Harry inquired. He almost felt calm in the man's presence, but was sure he needed to keep his guard up; after all, this man had easily slipped through his ward. "I have gone by different names in the past, but that is not the most important thing at the moment." The man took in a deep breath and said on the exhale "Harry James Potter, the young man who accepted death, died and then was allowed by the fates to live." Harry's eyes bulged. "H-ho- how did you know that? I haven't told anyone that yet-" the cloaked figure held up his hand motioning for Harry to stop, he did so with a slight gulp. "We don't have a lot of time. Harry, if you accept this offer, you will be able to meet and fall in love with your other half, befriend those who bore you, and have a chance to save the life of the man who has been keeping watch over you since your parent's death. If you decline, you will forget this encounter completely, and become moderately happy in the future years. You will make your way to head Auror, marry Ginny Weasley, and have children, though you will always have a nagging feeling that it is not the happiest you could have been." "What's the offer?" The words seemed to move from his mouth of their own accord. The figure rustled around in his robes and withdrew four small vials, a silver locket, and an envelope on which Harry could barely make out Dumbledore's name in the darkness. He laid them out in a line. "You take this first potion," the man said gesturing to the vial furthest to the left of a light yellow color "it will de-age you to 15 years of age. This next dark green will modify aspects of your appearance until an appropriate time when they will be altered back. When the blue potion is poured into the locket along with the correct spell it will send us back to 1975," At the last statement, Harry's eyes widened, he had never heard of one being able to travel in such a large incrament, but the figure continued before he could voice his confusion, "This last one contains memories, those and the letter, are to convince Albus as to who you are and why you are there "I could meet my mum and dad, but as teenagers?" "Yes." "Save a watchful man's life- is that referring to Snape?" The figure seemed to tense for a moment but then replied with an affirmative. Harry looked out onto the water. "I'm still trying to wrap my head around everything he did for me. I wish I could have known him better," Harry said wistfully as he gazed out onto the water. "You can," was all that the figure said in reply. There was a brief silence and all that could be heard was the light breeze flowing through the trees and the sounds of the small waves on the lake lapping at the shore. "All sense and reason states that I should not trust a random cloaked figure who made their way through my ward and who is not affected by magic; yet I am getting the overwhelming feeling that I should trust you and your offers. Why?" "I never said I was unaffected by magic- just yours. You trust me in the same way that I trust you, just as I cannot lie to you, or you to me. The reason itself is simple." "Tell me," Harry said quickly, eager for answers. The stranger mumbled something about having to work on patience while lowering his hood and turning his face so he would be looking straight at Harry. Harry could not help but let out a startled gasp, before him he saw brilliant green eyes, jet black messy hair and a lightning bolt shaped scare on a face identical to his own. He saw himself, aged nearly twenty years, smirking back at him. "The younger version of myself took the deal," he began "mostly from curiosity but to also get away from the demands I knew I would have to face once I left the lakeside. I felt I wasn't ready to meet all that, but now..." His face seemed sad, yet hopeful. "If all goes to plan, then I think I can handle it." "So I do go back in time?" Harry asked. The figure shook his head in negation. "Not necessarily, but I hope you do. If you decline, I vanish, and everything happens as I said it would. However, if you accept, it could be so much more. Please do not ask for more information than what I have told you. One cannot lie to oneself and you already know too much." Younger Harry gave a slow nod in understanding. "What happens if I say yes?" Older Harry seemed to relax a bit and answered. "You take the potions I mentioned and we go to the summer of 1975 to meet with Albus about you attending Hogwarts. Then, the rest of the summer I will teach you the things you will need to know before you begin at Hogwarts." Harry looked to his supposed future self with skepticism and bewilderment. He was filled with the desire to ask what sort of things he would need to know, but held his tongue in hopes that his questions would soon be answered. After all, if the man was who he claimed to be, wouldn't that cause problems, if he knew too much? Hermione's voice whispered through his mind " Bad things have happened to wizards who messed with time, Harry." "If you are who you say you are," Harry said with a gesture of his hand around the vicinity, "wouldn't that cause a paradox?" The figure didn't answer at first and looked as if he was choosing his next few words with extreme caution. "The fates felt, since you gave so much of yourself so full heartily, and at such a young age, that they would give you another chance for a bit of teenage normalcy. It would stretch the fabric of time too much if you regressed too far into early childhood, due to the fact that your memories need to remain with you. I know this is a lot to take in, and I wish I did not have to rush your decision, but I must urge you to make your choice very soon." Harry looked into the pleading eyes of the older version of himself. "So if what you say is true? You are trying to sway your past self into making a decision you have already made?" Older Harry seemed amused. "Basically." "Do you regret the decision at all?" Harry asked of his older counterpart, who seemed to falter for a moment. "I cannot lie to you, as I have told you. There were moments when I hated the future version of myself for not telling me everything that would have happened. But, with time, I too saw how I could not have been told that information. I had to discover it on my own. Overall, I do not regret my decision to go back into time to meet all those I wish I could have known better. In fact, I am thankful ever more so, especially if everything has gone to plan. I implore you not to ask of the plan, for knowledge of it now could risk your future happiness." The older Harry finished with a slight pleas in his tone toward the end. "If we're traveling in time, why must we leave so soon?" Harry asked. "The potion only allows us to travel in years, and in order for you to receive the correct training, we must leave now." Harry looked at the three separate potions and gave a small, hesitant nod. "The rules are simple. Do not let your foreknowledge be known, and do what is asked when the fates ask of it." "That's it? Do I get to come back to this time?" Harry asked. "Eventually," Older Harry responded, and Harry knew that it would be this older version of himself that would return and not his 17 year old self. "It's worth it?" Harry asked for confirmation once more and received and affirming nod. Swallowing his Gryffindor courage, he opened his mouth to ask the one question he would never voice to his friends. "Yes, I know which question you wish to ask, for I remember not wishing to voice it myself, but this is something you will need to learn on your own." No more needed to be said for the moment. Any more questions and explanations would just lead them back to this point. Harry reached his hand out for the first vial and was not surprised to see his hand was trembling. How could it not? The older man dropped the first potion into his outstretched palm. Harry uncorked the bottle and downed the contents quickly before he had time to re-think. Immediately, he could feel a buzzing in his brain and a slight tingling all over. The tingling began to burn and he felt his muscles contract, his bones seeming to pull in on themselves.