Twilight Forever Nessie and Lori's UK Adventure By Cindra Chapter 1 Negotiations Disclaimer: I own all my OC characters the others belong to SM and JK and I love to send them on all kinds of fascinating adventures. A/N: Okay this is my way of getting back into the swing of things by treating all of you to Mason and Xavier's Epic UK Adventure. If you haven't read the last chapter of Twilight Forever Transitions or my Harry Potter Boy Who Lives Saga this might confuse you a bit…I'm crossing over both stories as the Pendragon's reside in the UK and I love mixing it up with all my characters…So you have been warned that I am mixing JK's world with SM's world…enjoy the ride. Paris, France…May 2012 Nessie sat in her suite of rooms glowering down at the boring English Literature itinerary for her and Lori's UK Holiday. Shakespeare, Bronte, Austen, Hardy, Dickens, Woolf, Byron, Shelley all greats no question, but listening to mindless lectures, visiting landmarks, and the famous British Library was not her idea of a holiday adventure. "Daddy, I was thinking more along the lines of exploring the UK without having to be bored out of my mind listening to Uncle Alistair drone endlessly about the greats…" She whined at her father's face on the screen of her laptop. Skype had its advantages. She could pour on the waterworks to really get him to cave. She was going to ferret out the girl who beat her Mensa score and explore the UK to see if in fact the Wizarding world was as real as the shining ones were. I mean Pendragon's from the Isle of Avalon, as in the realm of the pixies and fairies, who's Great Grandparents bore the same first names of some of the most historically famous fictional characters. Mab, Merlin, could they be more obvious to those in the know. Yet even her kind refused to even think along those lines, it was driving her crazy being so close yet unable to see for herself if it was real or not. This tour was her way in, but she needed her Dad to give her the freedom to explore the UK freely without having to be stuck in the tour. Edward narrowed his eyes at his daughter, his mouth in a firm line of disapproval at this aberrant tantrum that she was pulling. Jake's being unable to come visit during his own break from school was really starting to affect her attitude as of late. "Alistair has finally come out of his shell after centuries of hiding and you should feel privileged to have him teaching your class there at the Sorbonne. The fact that he is even attempting to take his classes on this journey is extraordinary in itself." "I know that Daddy, but he of all people would understand my reasoning for not wanting to tagalong with the rest of the class. I know all of the subject matter by heart…" "Renesmee, you seem to forget that you and Lori are teenagers not adults and therefore are required to have proper adult supervision…" "What if I promise to check in with him and..." "How about the two of you return home and forgo the holiday altogether…" "Daddy! Lori and I have been on our best behavior the entire time that we have been in France and we have earned this Holiday!" Nessie let a few tears fall down her cheeks. "We are at the top of our class, aced all of our classes, and have willingly adhered to the rules, even during our trips with Donnie and Twy…." "Ness, sweetheart, it's not safe for two teenage innocents to be allowed to traipse around the UK unchaperoned…" Edward pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to remain patient with her. "Not safe for two normal teenage girls, but not for two teenage shining ones. Daddy, Lori and I are seasoned travelers, not secondary school students…" Nessie reined in the urge to roll her eyes at her father. I mean, seriously, there was no threat at all and he was panicking over nothing. Siobhan and Liam would never let either one of us to come to harm. "You really don't get it at all do you, young lady. They will not let two teenagers run around pell-mell around the UK without a proper adult to chaperone them that's fact. You were only allowed to tend the University there and in New York because you both had proper adult supervision. Alistair is your chaperone or the two of you are packing it up and heading back home." Edward arched a brow waiting for her to counter his ultimatum. Sorry, baby, but there is no way that I am going to allow the two of you to run around the UK by yourselves. "What if we went and visited Siobhan and Liam instead?" "Nice try but they are here visiting Jacen and Maggie…" Edward smirked. She never gives up. "What if Lori and I booked another tour that centered on what we wished to see?" Edward raked his fingers through his coppery mane, a clear sign that he was reaching his limit with her. "What exactly do the two of you have your hearts set on seeing?" "Loch Ness…" Edward's eyebrows shot up that he was not expecting. "The Loch Ness monster is on your itinerary…" "Well, we both share the same nickname and I've always wanted to see it…" She bit down on her lip, blinking innocent doe eyes. Yep, desperate times called for pulling out all the stops until her dad finally caved. "I see and Stonehenge as well?" "Dad, that's a given…" She rolled her eyes. "Renesmee Carlie Cullen, rolling your eyes and pouting is not going to make me change my mind." Edward growled his displeasure. "Sorry, Daddy." Nessie sighed deeply. "We just wish to enjoy this trip not be bored to tears the entire time. I need to get my mind off Jake and this seemed like the best way…" Tears fell freely down her cheeks as the heavy sadness and emptiness threatened again. Her heart ached at just the thought of him. "Ness, he didn't make up the excuse just to avoid you…He has responsibilities that he cannot shirk and a full class load. He is taking his studies seriously and working his tail off to graduate early just…" "I know that Daddy and I am so proud of him…" She sniffled, wiping away her tears. "I miss him so much…It's been forever since I've seen him face to face. I need this downtime before I come home for good and begin my campaign to win him back…Please, Daddy…" "Alistair or you both come home and that's final. Now as for your not seeing Jacob face to face in forever, well, sweetheart that was entirely your choice. You left for Julliard and then after a visit to his campus turned tail and fled to France without even giving him a chance to explain whatever it was that made you run. You are not secure enough to trust in your soul bond and yet you think that you are mature enough to traipse around the UK unattended? Sorry, baby, that's not gonna happen ever I love you both too much to risk your health and safety. That and your mother would banish me to my den for an undetermined length of time for even thinking of giving in to your request…." Edward glance behind his shoulder. "Isn't that right, my treasure." "Renesmee, are you trying to bribe your father into letting you and Lori hitchhike around the UK?" Bella's face appeared behind her husband's shoulder. "Mom?! Why would we hitchhike when running is the faster option?" Ness rolled her eyes. "Aren't you supposed to be writing? Bernie is not a patient woman." "I sent her the finale manuscript yesterday. The triplets and their cousins are off camping with Em, Ben, Jace, Jaz, Mike, Tyler and the boys this weekend…" Bella frowned at her daughter. "We've been through this, baby. No Alistair. No trip. And trying to get your father to cave isn't going to work. Do we have an understanding or not?" "Ness! Dad won't budge…what's plan B?" Lori stalked into the bedroom stopping in mid-rant when she saw that Ness was skyping her parents. "Um…hi Sis, big brother…." She waved weakly. "Hello, Lorelei." Edward shook his head, trying hard not to smirk at their determination. "That was a lost cause from the start. Charlie would never sanction an unchaperoned day trip to Seattle let alone a holiday in the UK." "Plan B?" Bella narrowed her eyes. "Renesmee, there had better not be a plan B or C or even D." "Ladies, you ready for dinner? We're hitting that Café that you two love so much and Twy is craving something sweet?" Donnie called from downstairs. "Alistair it is then…bye love you…gotta go…its dinnertime here…" Renesmee blew a kiss to her parents. "Renesmee Carlie!" Edward and Bella both growled before she ended the chat. Nessie set her phone to silent "We'll just have to charm Alistair and promise him that we will check in at certain times…." "Ness, is it worth all of this trouble just to see if a fictional world is real or not?" Lori wasn't convinced that this adventure was worth the potential punishment that being grounded for life. "So what if a royal knocked you off the top rung of the Junior Mensa list. You are still in the top five and are number one in the states…She's a royal there is no way that we are ever going to be able to get near her, besides she's just a little kid." "She's seven and as smart if not smarter than me there is no way that she hasn't tested out of primary school let alone secondary. There is a town in South Wales right out of the books called Godric's Hollow and from everything that I have researched that is where the Avalon royal family resides. Gran Fi even made a reference to Gran T about a sister in South Wales, meaning that there is a family connection there somewhere. We just have to follow the breadcrumbs." Ness slipped on her shoes and followed her out of her rooms. "Breadcrumbs?" Donavan had come to see what was keeping them. "Um, yeah, Mom was making meatloaf for dinner back home and was out of them so she was having Daddy run to the white castle and get some…They send their love by the way…" Nessie easily spun a quick way out of the situation. "No more adventures, young lady. You and Lori will not go off on another adventure or Twy and I will come get you and we'll pack it up and head back to Forks. You didn't tell them that your classes were finished and this was an extra credit trip did you?" Donnie narrowed his eyes. "Uncle Donnie, you don't have to worry about that her dad and mine as usual know all. It's Alistair or home." Lori shrugged as if in defeat. "Sweetie, Charlie is even worse than Edward about safety. You didn't stand a chance of convincing him to change his mind." Twy shook her head at Lori then arched a brow at Ness. "It's alright to be less than perfect and believe it or not there are others smarter than you are even if they happen to be little girls. Let it go, Nessie. She's eight now and took it at nearly five and no one has beaten her scores. Let it go." "I can't help it if I happen to be curious about my academic rival…" "Then you should have attended the charity event instead of blowing it off because you hate performing in front of the public. Music is Magic is her family's annual event where even the kids take part in the festivities. You could have