Harry Potter The Heir Of Pendragon Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or anything to do with the franchise A/N: Those who have followed me for a long time will recall a story similar to this one. The reason that was discontinued was I had lost all the remaining chapters due to my hard drive crashing. None of it was on back up. I have decided to start from scratch, those waiting for Chapter six of Harry Potter and The Rebellion of Hogwarts, please be patient. The chapter itself as been written and past on to my beta who is yet to get back to me. Soon as I get a reply and the correction are made I will post it. Like many of my stories this is Harry/Daphne please enjoy. Privet Drive Surrey Harry Potter, the boy-who-lived, the slayer-of-dark-lord or whatever other titles the Wizarding world had come to call him, sat quietly reading. He was sat on a small bed which in truth was too small for him. By the bed was a small beside table with a tatty old lamp that sat on top. There was a small square window to the left side of his bed that had recently been fitted with iron bars, well until one of the neighbours commented. After that the bar had been moved rather quickly by his uncle. It was a good thing too as the last thing he wanted was a very upset owl in his room. Hedwig was sat in her cage, her amber eyes looking at him, hoping he would free her soon. "I know girl you don't like it, but it's nearly night time now. Once it gets dark I can let you out to go hunting. At least one of us will be eating tonight." Harry noticed Hedwig gave him a sympathetic look, he had upset his aunt this evening and his punishment was going without a evening meal. Well if you consider left overs a meal that is. Harry looked across to his door, it was covered in locks, and right at the bottom was a modified cat flap that is relatives would push his food through, honestly Harry had come to thing of The Dursley's as his own Azkaban prison. Tomorrow though he would be getting out of here. His best friend dad had scored tickets to the Quidditch World Cup. They would be coming by tomorrow and he would spent the rest of his holidays at the Burrows. The home of the Weasley family. Harry looked to the window and noticed the moon had risen and was now glowing into his bedroom. Harry put the book down and walked over to Hedwig's cage. The owl was getting excited at being let free, she was ruffling and preening all her feathers in preparation. Harry lifted the latch and watched as Hedwig hopped out of the cage and onto his out stretched arm. He gently ran his fingers through her feathers and walked towards the window. "Now I don't want you bringing me back any mice this time. Although I appreciate the gesture I can't eat what you do." Several times his owl had returned with a present for him. Harry opened the window and watched as Hedwig extended her wings and then took off into the cool night air. Harry closed the window and climbed back onto his bed and began to read once more. One more day that was all he had to endure, just one more day. Later That night Harry laid down in his bed, covered by a thin quilt, he had wrapped the entire quilt around himself, his room had no radiators so the only warmth he had was what he could muster together from the quilt and ihis own body heat. Just as he was about to close his eyes he heard the door bell ring. Harry looked to a small clock it was nearly 11pm who would be calling at this hours. Harry climbed out of his bed and crept across the wooden floor boards which CREAKED loudly under his weight. He listened at the door and suddenly heard his uncles shout "Freaks! Get out your not welcome" Harry heard the sound of a loud THUD and then heard his aunt scream. He heard his cousin shouting "Not another tail, please not another tail" From that Harry had deduced that the people who had invaded his relatives home were wizard or witches. Harry then heard the voice of his Godfather. "Where's Harry muggle?" Harry tried to open his door but Vernon had locked it from the outside, he heard the sound of footsteps racing up the stairs and then heard his godfather voice on the other side."Harry you in there?" Harry was to overwhelmed to reply he heard the sound of the locks on his door being undone. The door then swung open to reveal his Godfather along with two other individuals who Harry didn't recognise. Harry noticed his Godfather expression of seeing him, he charged into the room and hugged him. "Pack your things pup, were moving out." Harry watched as Sirius waved his wand and all his stuff began to pack into his trunk. Harry was still a bit confused by all that was going on. "Hmm Sirius what's going on?" Harry noticed his godfather turned and looked at him. "No time to explain pup, we need to get you out of here before Albus shows up. The two people with me are friends. You can trust them." Harry nodded and noticed his trunk was ready which Sirius had shrunk and pocketed along with his shrunken owl cage. "Now lets go." Harry followed his Godfather along with the two individuals down the stairs, he noticed all three of his relatives were knocked out. "Sirius they're not..." Sirius looked to his Godson. "Dead, no, but I tell you now pup their very lucky. Now lets go they should wake up in a few hours." Harry followed his Godfather out of the front door, he then noticed Sirius pulled out an old sock. "Grab hold pup." Harry did what was asked, suddenly he felt a funny sensation and the world around him suddenly vanished. All he remembered was a lot of bright lights before he crashed onto a floor. "Ouch that hurt." Harry noticed his glasses had come lose and quickly adjusted them. His eye began to take in his surrounding. He had landed on shiny marble floor in some type of entrance way. In front of him was large staircase that split as it ascended upwards, above him huge chandeliers swung bring light to the room. Harry dusted himself off and looked to his Godfather who was offering a hand. Harry took the offered hand and was pulled up. "Where are we Sirius?" "Your in my home mi liege and I welcome you with open arms. Allow me to introduce myself my name is Clyde Edgar Greengrass and this is my wife Sylvia Greengrass. " Harry noticed in front of him was now stood a regal looking gentleman who had short black hair, and was dressed in robes next to the man was a woman who had flowing blonde hair, sapphire blue eyes, a heart shaped face. He noticed she was smiling at him. Harry then looked to their left his eyes widened as he suddenly saw a girl with long blonde hair and blue eyes. He immediately went on the defensive and went for his wand. The girl was Daphne Greengrass a Slytherin in his year. Before he could react though his Godfather grabbed his arm to stop him. "Harry remember what I said, these are your friends and allies. It was because of Lord Greengrass that I was able to rescue you tonight. An informant found your relatives address in the Ministry records. It seems when you blew up that muggle last year the Ministry was called to obliviate and clear up your little mess. The address of your relatives were sealed before that, but obviously those who kept the records hadn't bother to reseal the details. Lucky for us actually. Now I know you have a lot of questions Harry, but they will have to wait till tomorrow. You will be staying with Clyde and Sylvia tonight, they will explain everything in the morning." Harry still wasn't sure and gripped his Godfather arm tightly. "Why can't I go with you Sirius?" Sirius sighed. He wished Harry could come home with him, but it would just cause more trouble. The old bastard would soon be showing up to his place, and he didn't want Harry there, in fact he didn't want his godson anywhere near the old wanker. "You can't pup, Albus will already have been alerted and my place will the first stop on his list. I assure you Clyde and Sylvia are fine and you have nothing to fear. I noticed your reaction to their daughter but I need to remind you, just because someone is sorted into Slytherin, doesn't make them evil or Dark, or what other lies the Weasel has told you. The traits are cunning and ambitious. Remember that Harry. Now I will see you tomorrow." Harry nodded and watched as his Godfather took some floo powder and stepped into the large fireplace in the entry hall, he didn't hear where his Godfather had called out too, but soon as the flames had turned green he was gone. Harry turned nervously towards Clyde and Sylvia. "This way my liege, I will have one of the family house-elves take your trunk up to one of the guest rooms. Have you eaten at all tonight?" Harry looked towards Clyde and heard his stomach grumble. He noticed Clyde frowned. "I take that as a no. Well come through, Mipsey!" Harry noticed a small house-elf popped in and noticed Clyde looked toward him. "My liege Mipsey here is the family cook, she will prepare anything you ask." Harry looked down at the small elves, there was no rotten pillow case like Dobby, but the elf was dressed in white ovals and along with an apron and chef hat. " Some soup would be okay and some bread, please don't go out of your way for me Mipsey." Mipsey took in the boy in front of her and frowned. "Master Harry needed more then just soup. Mipsey make Harry something special." Before Harry could argue the little elf had popped away. Harry noticed Clyde was inviting him to follow, which he did. He followed Clyde and his family into a large sitting room and gestured for Harry to take a seat. Harry again took in his surroundings, the room was spacious with several red leather sofas, arranged in what he could only describe as a horse shoe. He watched as Clyde and his family sat opposite him. "I know you must have many questions my liege, and now that Mipsey is preparing you something to eat then maybe we can help relief you a few of your worries. Sylvia and I were good friends with your parents mi liege, we have also been secret allies with the Potters for a very long time. Now if you have some questions then please ask." Harry frowned there it was again, liege, why was Clyde calling him that, why was he not using his name. "First of all Sir I thank you for welcoming me into your home. Forgive my actions earlier but when I saw Daphne I let my inner Gryffindor take over. It's no secret that the house of lions and the house of snakes don't see eye to eye. All my experiences with that house have been far from pleasant. Secondly I would like to know why you keep calling my Liege. From what understand that sort of address is only used to address royalty or nobility." Clyde sat back on the sofa and placed his hands together interlocking his fingers. "If you so