Ch. 1 "I'm sorry for pulling you out when term has just started. I already spoke with the Headmistress about this so you're not in trouble." "What's happened, Mum?" "We're moving back to England." " What?" Hermione didn't seem to mind her daughter's reaction as she glanced at the child's messy hair that didn't look like hers at all. She waved her wand so it covers her daughter's hair in a silver mist that reveals its real color. "I'm finally meeting my father?" "If you're lucky. I hear he's not even in England at the moment." "Where'd he go?" "I don't know, sweetheart. But come on, pack your bags, we leave for England in an hour. The English Ministry has given me a job. I honestly did not want to take it but since you entered Beauxbatons you've been pestering me about your father so I figured, this is the chance to introduce him to you." "Finally." "Will you promise to be good when you get to Hogwarts? I'm taking you to the Headmistress tomorrow, and we'll sort out your transfer officially." With a flick of her wand, her daughter's features once again turned into that of hers. "Can I keep looking like this, though? Please, Mum. I look like a stranger when I'm wearing my blonde hair." Hermione laughed at the word. Stranger. How could this child think of such? And so their journey back to England commenced. Hermione remembered the time when she cooed a baby into sleep as the train to Paris dwindled from the lens of London. She had raised her daughter amongst the French. When she was eleven, she had received two letters confirming her invitation to Hogwarts and Beauxbatons. Hogwarts, because the school never missed a heartbeat of a witch or wizard born from the blood of their alumni; and Beauxbatons because, naturally, she was raised there as a French citizen. Plus, Hermione is friends with the Headmistress of the school, having helped out on so many assignments back in her days in the English Ministry. She had asked Fleur to help them find lodgings in Paris until she finds a house where she can properly raise her baby. She landed a job at the French Ministry of Magic, which now leads us to this moment. She glanced at her daughter holding a notebook by her lap, her chin resting on the palm of her hand, and watching the scenery pass them by. Her notebook had her initials engraved: H.A.J. Granger . Even her luggage had the same initials. One time, her daughter told her, "Mum, you shouldn't have given three names. We could've had the same initials!" Hermione's reputation reached even the farthest depths of the French Ministry. Her colleagues admired her for her deeds in the War, having been one of the legendary trio and of course, brightest witch of their age, and still is. It's no wonder her daughter idolized her, that she made it a point to engrave her initials on each of her belongings. Ever since she was taught how to read, her daughter would spend hours in her library and one day, when she was six, she discovered a spell that can change her features the way she wanted to. Hermione smiled at the memory, for she was horrified and was at the same time in awe, of her daughter's brilliance. The spell was a bit complex for a child, and just thinking about it filled her with pride, knowing that she is bright and full of talent. Now she's taking her back to England, and she's worried about her inevitable meeting with her father. "You're not very chatty today." Hermione said. "I miss my friends." "I'm sure they miss you too. It's not goodbye, love. You can go visit them when you come of age. Alone, might I add. Isn't that exciting?" Her daughter's pale face suddenly filled with color. "Really?" "Yes. But you have to promise to send me an owl everyday." The child laughed. It was the sound of nymphs singing and dancing around a pond, making it bright and full of life. The next day, Hermione found herself traversing the same halls towards the Headmistress' office, with a fifteen-year-old in tow. She noticed heads turning in their direction, particularly, to her daughter, who carried herself so regal and elegant, she wasn't sure if it was the Beauxbatons upbringing or her blood doing the job. As expected, Headmistress McGonagall stood in the doorway of her office, her lips pressed in a quaint smile. "Good afternoon, Professor McGonagall." "Nice to see you again, Miss Granger. You look well. This must be your daughter? Oh, how charming." The old witch remarked. "Pleased to meet you, Headmistress." McGonagall smiled at the greeting. "Come now young Miss Granger, you need an orientation before dinner is upon us." "Of course." By the time dinner arrived, Hermione had already sent for her daughter's luggage, and packed in her favourite sweets just in case. The Great Hall was now filled with students dressed in robes for the occasion. The start of the year feast. And the sorting. Hermione's daughter was to be sorted amongst the first years, as Beauxbatons did not really have the same housing methods as Hogwarts, so, following protocol, McGonagall suggested it's best she wears the Sorting Hat later that evening, even though she's already in her fourth year. Several heads turned as she walked at the back of the line of the frightened first years. Her usual tall and proud demeanour made her stand out even more than she already does. "She's beautiful ." Several people from the table of Ravenclaw exclaimed. The people from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff had their jaws drop to unattractive proportions, whilst the people from Slytherin eyed her hungrily like wolves ready to devour their prey. The students arranged themselves to be sorted under the Sorting Hat, this time, Professor Neville Longbottom held it instead of McGonagall. "When I call your name, step forward and you will be sorted to your houses." The students complied. The tables cheered as one, two, three and more joined their ranks. And then it was time for the last student to be sorted, the tall brown-haired girl they were all so eager to get to know. "Granger, Heléna Alexandria Jean." The tall brown-haired girl sat on the stool and it was the longest time the Hat had ever spent on sorting a child to the best house. "You have a kind heart, and a brave soul. Your mind speaks volumes I haven't heard since-" The hat gasped. "What's this? An odd mixture this is!" It cackled in delight. "Best be… Slytherin!" The rest of the Great Hall fell silent whilst the Slytherin table roared into excitement. Almost in a flash, the moment she joined the Slytherin table, Albus Potter walked up to her and shook her hand. "Pleased to meet you at last, Hera. Aunt Hermione's told us a lot about you in her letters." Hera gasped in delight. "Albus! Not wreaking havoc today, I see?" The two laughed. "I see Aunt Hermione also told you about me. How would your Mum feel now that you're in Slytherin?" "Oh, she's cool with whatever." The rest of the table watched the banter while they ate dinner. They all seemed so puzzled at how the troublemaker is instantly friends with the new kid. But then they remembered that the names Potter and Granger were often mentioned together in their own parents' conversations. So it's no surprise, really. Classes the next day were interesting. Having been brought up in France, Hera thought she'd be having a hard time catching up with the lessons, most of which covers England and the rest of the world. But to her delight she found the lessons extremely easy to the point of annoyance. She makes a mental note to write to her Mum the moment she gets off her last class for the day, thanking her for her tutelage at home. "Miss Granger!" She heard someone call from behind. She turned and saw Professor Longbottom, her teacher in Herbology. "Professor Longbottom! Sir." She smiled, regal as she was. Neville laughed. "You know, when I invited your mother to my wedding ten years ago, she told me she couldn't come because she has to look after her daughter. I never thought I'd be seeing said daughter in Hogwarts! I'm glad she decided to move you two back here. When you write to her, please tell her that my wife Luna and I send our love." "Will do, Professor." "See you in class. I hear you're brilliant with potions back in Beauxbatons, but I wonder if you're as sharp in determining which herb goes where when preparing tonics for tricky maladies." Hera laughed. "I hope I don't disappoint you, Professor." When Professor Longbottom was no longer in sight, she checked her schedule and saw that they had double Defense Against the Dark Arts with Gryffindor, which made her extremely excited, not only because this was her favourite class but she gets to meet people from her mother's house. She allowed herself to be taken with the flow of students entering the dungeons towards Professor Zabini's office, where they'll be holding classes for the whole semester. When they entered, she was surprised to see the exact opposite of what her Mum's Defense classroom looked like. It was a wide classroom lit with minimalist chandeliers. There were no jars of potions or rancid elements decorating the walls, instead there were cabinets with boxes of varying sizes inside, arranged so it looked like organized chaos. "Good afternoon, fourth-years." Greeted a deep voice from the dark side of the classroom. "Afternoon, Professor." Hera knew Professor Zabini, from her mother's stories. He was her father's friend. She wondered what kind of people her father made friends with. When Professor Zabini emerged from the dark, she noticed that he was wearing a shiny Slytherin pin on his robes. The professor scanned the room as if to check if everyone's in, when he noticed Hera. "You must be the transfer student from Beauxbatons." He said. "I am, Professor." "Granger." He said, almost as if finding answers as to why her name is Granger and not something else. To make light of the uncomfortable situation, Hera looked Zabini in the eye and casted a wordless spell to change the color of her eyes. She saw Zabini blink in shock, but pretended nothing happened. Another wordless spell, and her eyes reverted back to its deep brown hue. Zabini cleared his throat in an attempt to regain his composure, then proceeded to quiz Hera of the different hexes to use on various predicaments. She did not disappoint. The professor scoffed. "Ever the know-it-all, your mother was. And as it were, it appears you are as well." "I am my mother's daughter, Sir." Everyone gaped in awe, and Hera held her chin proudly, just as she always did. And so Hera had established a reputation for herself in Hogwarts. It's quite the opposite from when she was in Beauxbatons but she thought, it will do. In a fortnight, she had herself fully adjusted to the environment in Hogwarts and has even befriended the librarian, a feat even her Mum could not achieve. At breakfast, one morning, a parcel came from Harry and Ginny Potter, welcoming her to Hogwarts and congratulating her for being in Slytherin. Albus must have told them, she thought. Then, a red-haired girl in her fifth year wearing her Gryffindor robes and carrying her top-of-the-line broom approached her and gave her a parcel as well. "Hullo, Hera. Can I call you Hera?" Hera laughed. "You must be Daisy. Uncle Ron's daughter?" Daisy laughed at the younger witch' intuition. "You know me!" "Of course, I do. Mum tells me everything Uncle Ron and Uncle Harry write about their children, naturally." "I was going to talk to you after your sorting, but Albus beat me to it.