The stars were falling, little twinkles on the dark horizon, just small lines of fading light on the darkness. It is normal sight at the ceiling of Katniss's room, especially if she was having insomnia. No matter how much she tossed and turned on bed, no amount of trying and wishful thinking was going to get her to sleep, very few things did. Katniss could go downstairs and search for some sleep syrup that her mother had made a few nights ago, but she ultimately decided against it, she would never wake up in time to go to school. So she did the only thing that she knew for sure that would help her. She tossed the sheets aside and tiptoed towards the hallway, she placed her head outside to make sure the coast was clear, only Buttercup who was by Prim's doorway was awake, with the usual judgmental stare. She used all of her stealth to descent the stairs without making a sound and roamed to the kitchen, making a beeline for the pantry, and then she opened the door with the most absurd care and reached out blindingly for her broom. Almost making a small victory dance when she found the broom Katniss gracefully mounted it and floated towards the kitchen's bay window that opened with a gentle flick of hand from her part. If being a witch had any perks, flying on a broom was the number one. At least on her opinion, it was one the things that she loved the most, foraging and herbalism coming next, she had a good eye for herbs and green toe for planting after all, which came in hand since her mother was a doctor and preferred to prescribe natural ointments and remedies to her patients. With only a worn out tee shirt and a pair of boxers shorts the chilly air of the spring nights soon made goose bumps reverberate through her skin, Katniss loved it. The night lights always outshine the stars, even living in the suburb, what made Katniss fly above the clouds more often than not, her feet dangling from the broom, she was trying to clear her mind and finding peace on the quietness of the night, on the waves of cosmic energy emanating from the moon. Katniss was lost into oblivion when Venus appeared on the sky, announcing that she only had four hours before the sunrise. She cursed herself before flying back to her house, making sure that there was no one around to see a teenage witch descending the skies in a magical broom, the last thing she needed was to be the new Sabrina. The bay window was still open, the broom was placed where it was found, Buttercup was still judging her from Prim's doorway but when she got into her room she found a cup of warm chamomile tea on her nightstand, a sign that her mother knew very well where she had went. Mumbling under her breath Katniss drank the tea and fell on bed, passing out almost immediately. Most witches/wizards aficionados would be sorely disappointed on the daily routine of magical creatures, it's just as boring and mundane like any other. The Everdeen women brush their teeth, take a shower, spend a good time choosing their outfits for the day and occupy the kitchen in order to do breakfast. Except for Katniss, after a fire principle due some high affinity with elemental magic the girl was banned for good from cooking-related activities at their house, not that anyone is complaining, quite the contrary, Katniss was always an awful cook. "So, did you girls have had a nice sleep?" the Everdeen matriarch asked when Katniss yawned for the second time while eating her toast. Albeit being very clear to whom the question was made, their mother had indeed asked the both of them, so it was no surprise to see Prim taking the initiative, "I dreamed with flowers, guess spring is finally upon us," it was one of Prim's unique traits, her dreams usually shown nature messages like seasonal changes, lunar eclipses, rain and snowfall. Katniss nodded slightly, feeling the gaze of their mother making a hole in her forehead, "Katniss didn't sleep last night," Buttercup said while jumping on the kitchen counter, his tail waggling side-to-side showing all his boredom and contempt with Katniss, who tighten the grip on her knife. Their mother only took a sip of her coffee before saying, "As long no one see you I have no problems with your night flights," she paused looking just a bit reproachful, "And keep in mind that you have school on week days," School was by no means easier with magic power coursing through your veins, if anything it was worse, not only Katniss had to keep control of herself, she also needed to be aware of everyone else at the same time, if her emotions got the best of her she could easily shatter the glass from the tubes of the chemistry lab or make the lights and computer screens flicker at the library. On top of that she made sure to keep a healthy distance from all the other students, the last thing she needed was someone shouting that she was a witch or that she had powers, it never ended well. Although she did tried to be polite with everyone, and no one minded her much, even with the jocks like Cato and the cheerleader squad led by Glimmer were amicable enough. Despite the entire effort to be the loner as the entire school has tagged her, Katniss still found a friend on the mayor's daughter, Madge. The blonde girl was quiet and gentle, and till' to this day Katniss has no recollection of how they ended up as friends, one day the history teacher had assigned an essay and the girls were paired, from then on they sat together at the cafeteria and studied together whenever they could. Aside from Madge, the only other person that she could consider as friend was Gale Hawthorne, her best friend and the only wizard she was friends with, he was only two years older than her and understood her better than anyone. Like Katniss, Gale had affinity with elemental magic, however his power leaned towards fire, while Katniss's tended to favor earth. However a certain strain has lifted a barrier in their relationship before Gale left to college, while he was at school many assumed that he and Katniss were a couple, even if both denied people were relentless to the point that even Johanna Mason, former student, and currently worker at a local carpentry had asked if it was okay for her to ask Gale out. It's not as if Katniss was completely oblivious to Gale's advances in his last day on town before moving to college. But Katniss had never perceived him in a romantic light, she even used her mother's star map to see if the heavenly bodies had anything to say to that, but clairvoyance was Prim's expertise, and all that Katniss got was frustration and a reading that had something to do dandelions. "He is looking at you again," Madge said before taking a bite of her sandwich, she nodded almost imperceptibly towards the most crowded table in the entire cafeteria. Sure as the sky is blue and the clouds are white, Peeta Mellark was staring at her. Their gazes met for a brief second and he ducked his head and feigned to laugh at some one of his friends had said, but Katniss knew that his attention was still with her. So she kept staring and every now and then he would take a glance at her, only to immediately flush and look away. "Katniss, this is getting a bit creepy," Madge said after a while. "Sorry," she almost mumbled back, "I just wish that he would say something to me, it's like…" she didn't have any words to describe what exactly Peeta Mellark was doing to her. It's not like they knew each other per say, they did share a history, a silly child history, but a history nonetheless. "It's like he wants to talk to you," Madge offered, Katniss looked at her like she had grown a second head, "Oh… you think that he is making fun of you?" the girl asked a little baffled. With a shrug Katniss returned her attention to her salad, "What else could it be?" in all honesty Katniss couldn't imagine a different reason. Madge gave her a pointed look, as if saying Are you stupid? Katniss was waiting for Prim at the school gate, the juniors running wildly to the bus and the cars and parents that were waiting for them. Katniss's own mind liked to remind her of the sadness that gripped her heart when she was Prim's age, when she left the classroom and there was no one. Prim appeared out of nowhere and made a sound akin to a cat, "Hey! Ready to go home?" her two braids bouncing along with her, the girl had some serious issues with sugar, "Your friend is coming," she said pointing to something behind Katniss. When she turned she could not help herself but to gape at Peeta, who was striding with a thunderous look on his face, one that would make Katniss swoon if she was into this sort of things, which she wasn't, she so wasn't … "H-Hi, Katniss…" he said a bit stiffly and it showed how little confidence he had in his voice, "…Primrose," he amended as soon as the said girl peek her head from behind Katniss. "Peeta," Katniss said in a tight voice, shielding Prim from view, much to her sister dismay, she seemed very interested in what the boy wanted. "So, I was wondering…" he resume, running a hand though his ashy-blonde hair, "There is this movie showing… and some of my friends said that it was really good, and I was wondering that maybe..." he trailed off unsure. "…that maybe…?" both Katniss and Prim said in unison, one scowling and the other grinning at the other. Peeta let a small chuckle escape and stared at some fascinating thing on his sneakers, "That maybe you… I don't know… would like to go with me?" he said looking at her through his eyelashes. She stared at him, he stared right back at her. It took a minute or maybe forever. Until Prim decided that it was enough and answered for her sister, "Yes, she would love to!" Prim said all smiles. Katniss turned a little gob smacked to Peeta, nodding a little hesitant. Peeta beamed at her, "Great, could I have your number? So we can arrange the date?" he nearly shocked at his own words and Katniss's heart skipped a beat. Before anything else could be said Prim jumped into action and gave Katniss phone number to Peeta, "We'll be waiting!" she said hastily while pulling Katniss along with her towards the exit, Katniss could not even manage to not stare at Peeta, her back almost going all the way around. He timidly wave back before getting out of sight. "Okay… so which one?" Katniss turned around with two dresses flowing in her arms. Prim looked with narrowed eyes and Buttercup stretched at the window, "Are you going to church or the sidewalk in a Friday night?" Buttercup prompted with an enormous amount of venom. Katniss flickered her finger making her magic knock Buttercup from the window, the cat flying from the second floor straight into their rosebushes, both girls heard the loud meow that came from the garden. " Katniss ! You could have hurt him!" Prim said while rushing to the window to take a look, she saw a blur move from the bushes signaling that the cat was alright, "You know that he only has five lives left?!" she says exasperated. "Sorry…?" Katniss tries, only to receive an eye-roll from her little