A/N: Just for the record - I wrote this in a real rush the deadline was right at my face so I didn't made any proper check on the grammar, but it's not the real point here. I really wanted to play with the whole japanese theme and geishas. I'm kinda the otaku so it was a great opportunity at hands. The story is set in the Meiji era of Japan, in this period happened the rise of the geishas. Many terms here are derived from Japanese, such as gaijin, happa, maiko and danna. You guys don't need to go that far to figure what they mean, but a little search can provide all the explanation that you need. The waves crashed furiously against the rocks, obscure clouds taking over the sky, an ominous wind blowing the coal dust from the old abandoned mines of the forsaken island. The entire scenario could easily condense all the feelings and expectations of the young Katniss Everdeen was processing at the time being. Her younger sister Primrose was crying, being the age of two was not helping her at all. Katniss hold her little sister like a cord to life. Mingling with her sister's frantic screams, Katniss managed to comprehend a handful of words that were being exchanged between their mother and Mr. Albernathy. The mother was crying, a defeated expression on her face, that even at the age of five the older daughter could understand the reason of such sadness. Their mother was going to be alone. Mr. Albernathy took two small suitcases from the floor, and nodded at the girl's mother, her sobs finally escaping. The woman mouthed innumerous apologies, each one of them piercing through Katniss's heart, and finally she summoned the courage to give her daughters a last goodbye, a pained hug and shaky kiss on their foreheads. "Mommy?" she could recognize her own voice, it sounded foreign, even though she was certain that the word came from her mouth. Katniss knew that something had changed within her in that moment. At the appellative endearment the woman barely suppressed the tears welling in her eyes. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry… be strong my Katniss, be strong and never give up," that was clarity and certainty in her mother's word that caught her unprepared. At the age of three Katniss and Primrose lost their father, and while mourning their mother had disappeared, her body became a lifeless shell. A year passed and she still mourned the patriarch of the Everdeens. Mr. Albernathy approached them, an unusual somber expression on his face. Katniss could not recall a single time she met him without the usual flush that alcohol would bring to his features. "It's time to go," his voice almost soothing, probably for Prim's sake, Katniss mused. She took one last look at her house. Home. The embers at the hearth doing so little to illuminate the room, but enough for Katniss to see an old photography of her father, he was so young, so handsome, so alive . And then, a tear escaped. "Come on, sweetheart," the endearment sounding alien and hollow in Mr. Albernathy's voice. He gently put a hand in Katniss' shoulder, who was still holding her baby sister in her arms. Her bare feet touching the cold floor of the genkan , the moment they stepped outside the rain came. In a matter of seconds their kimonos were soaking wet. They sat in the old wagon that Mr. Albernathy owned and the old horse neighed before yanking them forward. One last look. One last memory. "Sayonara, haha !" And then they were gone… She didn't know how long she has been out, but two thing were certain, that her sleep was relentless and that Prim was secured on her embrace. The little girl was up however, her bright blue eyes hypnotized by their surroundings. Artificial lights and exotic fragrances filled the air, chatter coming from everywhere and the heat was greater. It was a very strange place, like no one that she has seen before. She wondered how they got there in the first place. They're still in Mr. Albernathy's wagon, the owner guiding the horse through the narrow street. And some time along the way they did leave the Sekitan island, sailed in the company of a very unusual red-haired boy that kept shooting a sorry look at Katniss. When they arrived at the harbor… well, she didn't remember much after boarding the boat. They made a stop and Katniss' heart raced, beating erratic, Mr. Albernathy leapt from his position at the front of the wagon and walked to one of the many houses that were located in this strange-strange place. A second later he was back, accompanied of a woman, her kimono seemed pricey, or at least what Katniss assumed that was pricey. Her hair was in a tight bun, her skin pale – still, abnormally pale, almost as if she was using something to obtain such complexion. The woman scrutinized both girl, "The older seems fit enough, you know that she doesn't work with babies, not even gaijin ones," her voice harsh and strict. It filled Katniss with pure dread. "We had a deal, they have to stay together," Mr. Albernathy growled, his whole demeanor assuming a predatorily aspect, "Don't you dare to tear them apart, or Trinket will regret for the rest of her miserable life," At this point Katniss could not pretend to be oblivious anymore, "Albernathy-san, what is happening?" there it was again, that tone, alien and unnatural, yet so steady. The man acknowledged the little girl, raising a hand to her, silently demanding more time. The woman huffed in exasperation, she made her way back to the house and they stood there. He turned to check on the girls, Primrose clinging to Katniss, utter fear displayed in her eyes. It took a couple of minutes before the woman appear again, "She wants to see them, and you too," she hissed the lasts words towards Mr. Albernathy. He clearly waked the worst in people. They entered the house, the wooden gate imposing and beautiful, yet he still passes the idea of security. The inner lights were a dimmer, the living room was bigger than their entire house, and all the furniture appeared to be luxurious. Fancy kaiga adorned the wall, even the shoji seemed expensive, more thick and white than the ones found at Sekitan island. Of course, the walls there were covered in coal dust, and by such, were always greyish and dirty. Mr. Albernathy and the girls waited in an empty room, except for the mirror standing in a corner. Prim disentangled from Katniss and took unsure bare footed steps on the soft tatami. Time seems to stop, and when eternity seemed a reality the sliding doors opened and a bizarre woman appeared. Everything about her was scaring and completely allegoric. Her hair was white, not pale blonde like Primrose's, but ghostly white. Her thin lips are covered with a red ink and her skin is even paler than the woman before. Her kimono too, it seems so expensive that Katniss is sure that the piece by itself could provide fish for at least three months for her whole family. The woman nods at the girls and scoffs at Mr. Albernathy. Indeed, he does bring the worst in people. "So these are the Evedeens?" her voice is loaded with an accent unknown by the girls and Katniss struggles to grasp the words, "Let me take a good look at them," she takes swift steps towards the maidens and lifts Katniss's chin and look at her straight into her eyes, "Grey, such a beautiful steel. Firm, harsh, cold." she circled Katniss, and the girl could see that the woman's toe nails were painted, a novelty for the young girl, "Dark brown hair, common, but that braid is quite pretty," she stated. Katniss tugged the end of her braid, her mother have done it, a few minutes before Mr. Albernathy appeared in their house in the middle of the night, "She can be quite a handful, but the girl is brave," Mr. Albernathy intervenes, Katniss dares to look at him for a brief second, just to meet his nonchalantly expression, "Their mother is a happa, just to let you know," She nods, "That explains the little one," she turns her gaze towards Primrose, the little girl shivering, "Poor thing, only a baby," she gives pained glance at the girls. Which makes Katniss blister, she hates when people pretend to take pity on her, "The older will go to school, as for the younger…" Everyone else in the room holds the breath, even Mr. Albernathy, "…I'll help raise her, however you must be part of their life, she still far too young for me to train," "Train for what?" the words escaping from Katniss' mouth. The bizarre woman smiles at me, "To become a geisha, my dear," the word geisha sounds dreamy in her voice, and Katniss has a hard time searching for an example of a geisha in her mind. Nothing clicks. Not until a even more strange woman appears before then. She does wear a more sophisticated kimono, though. The painting in her face is more elaborate, some floral implements adorning her dark hair, her lips in a bright red. Her features presenting a classic beauty, from her thin lips to her dark chocolate eyes, she resembled one of the old porcelain doll's that Katniss's mother owned. She walks with sublime elegancy and small steps. "Haymitch-san, konbanwa," she makes a swift bow at him and he only nods. "Konbanwa, Cecilia-san," she shoots him a brief smile before glancing toward the little girls. She slightly shakes her head, and Katniss wonder is that is a geisha. Cecilia waits for the woman that received Katniss and Prim. "Thank you, Ripper," the name somewhat suited her, Katniss mused to herself. And then Cecilia left, leaving a trail of sweet perfume behind her. Both Katniss and Primrose stared at the disappearing figure of Cecilia, with wide eyes and mouths hanging agape. Haymitch and the bizarre lady chuckled at the sight. "That my dear, is a geisha," the woman explained, "Now, it's time for you to leave Haymitch," Katniss's heart constricted at the thought, he was the only things that remained from the Sekitan island, he couldn't leave her behind. Noticing her apprehension he was quick in reassuring her, "Look, sweetheart," he kneeled in front of both girls, "I promised to keep you two alive, but Effie here is going to take care of you from now on," the girl was about to cry when he place a finger over her lips, "I will come by, to keep an eye on you girls, I promise," he gave a harsh look to the woman that now Katniss knew as Effie. "I will take care of them, you have my word," Effie said, struggling to avoid Haymitch's powerful glare. He turned back to Katniss, "You understand why your mother did this, don't you?" she nodded, "And you will take care of your sister, won't you?" she nodded again, "You can do this, Katniss, I know you can," he gave the girls a quick embrace and soon he stood up and left, not only before kissing Primrose's forehead. And now it was only the two sisters and Effie. "Come on, let me show you where the rooms are," Effie chirped, seeming recovered from the previous tension. Katniss learned that from now on she was going to live in an okiya , the Trinket okiya. That the house had four room – a privilege for many – that Cecilia was the only working geisha at the house at the time, that aside from the main structure the okiya had a garden and two more building a quarter for Purnia – who helped Effie in daily chores – and a storage, where all the kimonos were located. Effie also informed that