Something Right Author : Tayjayfan Beta : None (Blame me for anything I've missed) Disclaimer : All things Twilight belong to SM, not me. Otherwise, the original story would have a much more satisfying ending and we'd have an entire series about our Wolfpack. The songs mentioned are the property of the songwriters and Chelsea Lankes and Jason Mraz, who perform them. AN : Several months ago, the beautifully talented WestCoastAngel sent me the video for "Something Right" by Chelsea Lankes. We decided it would be the perfect Paul/Bella story. So, I mentioned the idea to the fabulously accomplished Taoist Elf and she encouraged me to turn my ideas into a 'lil story. I cannot express how thankful I am to these two wonderful ladies. Without them, I would never have had the guts to write anything. No one could have any better girlfriends than these two! This is only a short little story. Maybe at some point, I will be able to turn my ideas into a full-fledged fic. WestCoastAngel made the beautiful banner for this story(yeah, she's awesome). She is so talented and she captured the spirit of this story perfectly. In my mind, Paul is linked indelibly to Alex Meraz; that's where the artist angle comes from for this Paul. Alex's art is amazing, imo, and for Paul to be such an emotional guy...the two just seem to go together for me. Part 1 "Bells, everything in this gallery was created by Paul." Jacob's voice was confident and sure but he spoke quietly, knowing Paul could hear everything they were saying to each other. NO WAY! Her mind couldn't comprehend it. Couldn't possibly understand that the depth and beauty of the pieces surrounding them came from someone so... volatile . Her mind automatically went back to 'The Slap' in Jake's yard all those years ago. She'd been so angry with Sam and his 'gang' when they'd recruited her Jacob. She'd wanted to tear into every single one of them but Paul had been the only one brave enough to face her wrath. He'd done it without hesitation. Later on, when she'd thought back over the events of that day, the disbelief she felt for having actually struck another human being had made her literally start shaking in her Chucks. His intensity was so intimidating and she wasn't the type to go toe to toe with anyone. Especially someone like Paul. Bella forced her brain to return to the present and contemplate what Jake was telling her. The sheer emotion in the art around her left little to the imagination. There was no doubt that the artist had poured his very soul onto the canvas. Every piece her eyes had come across had caused a stirring inside her chest that she didn't understand. The swirl of colors seemed almost familiar to her, the charcoal telling her a story she was sure she'd already read. But how could that be true? She wasn't close to Paul, didn't really know him outside of her friendship with Jake. But she felt unsettled about being in the midst of all this(his) beauty. Not in a bad way, just..unsettled. It was like, for the first time, she was seeing who he really was. Being the quiet sort, she had always had an appreciation for art, an affinity for those who made a scene come to life through oil or clay or wood. She was envious of their ability, always wishing she could somehow have the courage to say things through a piece of art that she didn't have the guts to verbalize in real life. It was easy to see the deeper meaning when one took time to be quiet and patient and simply study what was in front of them. But had she ever felt this.. kinship.. to anything she'd seen in the galleries she'd visited in Seattle or Phoenix? She doubted it. It wasn't likely that she would have been able to forget this compulsion to drink in the nuance of every brush stroke as she did right now. "Jake, I'm not saying I don't believe you but how can that be true? This isn't Paul. The Paul I knew swung first and asked questions later. Well, except when there was a girl involved. All I ever saw from him was rage and bitterness. Where did this come from?" She knew her voice was incredulous but she couldn't help it; that's exactly what she felt. "I know, right? Who knew the Enforcer had a soft side? Look Bells, he's changed. He's not that guy anymore. Wait until you talk to him, you'll see what I mean.'' She could hear Jake's amusement. No doubt he'd had this same argument with others before. Maybe even with himself. "Why didn't anyone tell me? You know how much I love you guys. I would have at least bought something from him to support the Pack. I could have hung it at Charlie's or something until I came back from school." "He doesn't like for us to talk about it. In all honesty, we were completely floored when he told us that he was going to have an actual showing at an actual gallery, where they actually sell art." Jacob's eyes flicked around the room before he continued, "I would never have guessed that he would let anyone get this close to his stuff. He is very private. He's given us all different pieces as gifts but he never accepts a dime from anyone on the Rez. In fact, he hardly ever takes any of the profit for himself. He bought himself a car and fixed up his house but that's it. He set up a fund to help abused kids on the Rez and most of what he makes goes into that." Bella couldn't help but shake her head once again in amazement. She just could not wrap her head around the fact that this was Paul's stuff. Embry walked up and started talking to Jake so she wandered away from them to check out some other pieces that were displayed: sculptures of forest scenes were perched atop beautiful brown wooden stands, black and white photographs were clustered together in dark wood frames, and paintings were set on easels with just the right lighting to draw attention to detail. Bella decided to just let herself browse and take things in while she thought about what Jake said. This new understanding of Paul gave everything she looked at a different meaning, more significance. Her feet carried her to a painting that had a woman with long curly brown hair silhouetted in the sunshine that shone all around her. She was standing in a meadow of tall green grass with her feet buried in the wild flowers that lined the ground. Her eyes were hidden but you could see a pert little nose and a soft smile on her face. It was almost as if she were on the cusp of looking toward the one painting her but was too shy to do so. "What do you think? Beautiful, isn't she?" A cheek rested against her head and lips were almost buried in her hair. Bella couldn't suppress the shiver that worked its way over her body at the sound of the voice right by her ear. She should have been freaked out by the fact that she hadn't heard him come up behind her but the only thing that registered was the warmth that surrounded her. In her experience, there were only a few beings that radiate that kind of heat. And she knew that voice. It had been a while since she'd heard it but there was no mistaking the sexy croon of Paul Lahote. Women from nine to ninety sighed when he was near because that smooth sexy cadence had a way of making them wish it was only for them. Bella turned around and faced the man she had only seen a handful of times in the past five years. She had to admit that he had only gotten better looking with age. That glossy black hair was arranged in a messy style that made you think a woman had just run her fingers through it. Soft plump lips stretched into the smirky little smile that was his signature. Several days of stubble covered his jaw. Much to her chagrin, the image of her hands rubbing across that angled jaw flashed through her mind. But what snagged her attention immediately were those eyes. Black pools of warmth looked directly at her, without apology, like he could see inside her. An inexplicable little shiver ran over her skin before she could prevent it. She glanced down and couldn't help the spurt of pure unadulterated female appreciation that sliced through her at the sight of the black button down shirt, open at the collar, allowing her a glimpse of the beautiful brown skin underneath. And the pinstripe jacket and pants that he wore had a "Wow" falling through her lips before she could hold it back. Paul's lips quirked. "Hello, Bella," he said quietly. "It's been a while. I would say thanks for coming but I'm sure you're only here because Jake dragged you." Who was this guy and what has he done with Paul Lahote? She'd expected to have to fend off sarcastic barbs from him all night, just as she'd done as a teenager. But that ever-present sarcasm that she associated with him was missing. She almost felt a little nervous about talking to him like a normal person. It made her feel completely out of her element. He made her feel completely out of her element. Bella cleared the nervousness from her throat. "Hey, Paul. It has been a while. I'm glad to be here. Jake asked me to come, no one dragged me anywhere. He knows how much I love going to local art shows. I was excited about seeing the work of this 'up and coming artist' that everyone has been talking about." She arched a brow toward him. "I actually read about it while I was visiting Angela in Seattle. I probably would have ended up here myself anyway, it was just a bonus that my BFF wanted to come too." He snickered at her comment because he knew the only way one of the Pack would step foot in an art gallery was if they were following a vampire through it to rip it's head off. He couldn't believe they had all come here tonight to support him. Yeah, they were a family but he still had a hard time asking anyone to go out on a limb for him, even his brothers. It meant more to him than he was comfortable expressing. "I gotta say, I can't believe that all this is yours. It's incredible. Like, really incredible." She knew she was talking too fast but she just didn't know how to deal with Paul on this level. "I never even knew you painted at all. Have you always done it? And how the heck did you hide this from all the guys when you all see into each other's minds on a daily basis?" According to Jake, he was their fiercest fighter and she was still trying to reconcile the guy standing in front of her to the guy she had always known. "Well, I've got the most control," he pointed to his temple, "so it's not so hard to hide my thoughts from those mutts. That's always been pretty easy for me. I didn't always do this." His gaze left hers to sweep the gallery once more. "I started a while after I phased for the first time. When you have all that emotion boiling inside your brain, you have to find an outlet for it." A slight furrow appeared on his brow as his eyes bobbed thoughtfully from painting to painting. "For a while, I chose some not so healthy outlets but that just