I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of its characters. For translations see the end of the fic. With big love to my Beta! Thanks girl, you're wonderful. Apologies for the absence of paragraphs, the website for of... screwed the up XD Not Knowing The sky was as dark as the depths of the deepest lake in the Black Land, yet stars sparkled in that same dark sky and Isil stood proud and pale shining a dimmed light over all that was Imladris. Peaceful without a seeming care in the world elves slept in their beds, only some remaining awake at the late hour of the night. Most were weary after a long day of preparing for the party the morn would bring. For tomorrow was the Begetting Day of the Lord his twins, Elladan and Elrohir. And even though he had busied himself the entire day with planning the festivities of the celebration that would take place in the morning, going on until well in the evening, Elrond's Chief Counsellor could not find any rest on this quiet and beautiful night. It was not often that the silent and aloof elf was troubled by something on such a high level it would even cause insomnia. But here he stood, in the dead of night in the empty and desolated kitchen of the Last Homely House, preparing his own little present for his young students. Several months ago Erestor had come across a cook-book in the library. Not one for cooking, baking or anything of that sort he had paid no further attention to the seemingly useless book. Yet the twins had thought differently as they had innocently informed if it was perhaps possible they could have a dish called 'cupcake' for dinner after they had discovered the book. That had been merely two months ago and Elrond had refused them the pleasure of tasting the food they desired to eat. In his opinion, enough food was prepared for the entire household everyday and even his sons should be satisfied with what the cook decided to prepare. The two young Peredhil were left unsatisfied with that answer though and had not stopped pestering both servants, friends and family with pleads for the desired cupcake. It had not been Erestor's intention to actually perform the art of baking something, most certainly not considering the wails that had been the way towards it. Yet he had a soft-spot regarding his Lord and his twin sons and a sleepless night could have brought forward stranger things than baking. That and only that served as a relief that the Counsellor had not fallen victim to temporary insanity. Cupcakes, Erestor found, were a confectionery that was actually a simplified miniature of a normal tart. Relatively easy to make yet he had not tried himself to make the topping of the small cake. With an almost child-like glee Erestor shoved the pastry mould filled with a slightly yellowish batter into the pre-heated oven. In a few minutes he would start his search for sugar, which he would need for the icing of the little cakes, and grind it into even smaller pieces until it was almost the texture of dust. But for now he allowed himself a few minutes of wandering thoughts as he watched a small fire dance in the fireplace. During daytime when Anar brightened the world and warmed the earth he would not allow his thoughts to stray. For Erestor knew what ailed his troubled mind. Or perhaps it was better to say he understood who hurt his fragile heart, be it unintentional. He had always been a simple soul. He enjoyed the simple things in life, reading books in peace while enjoying either a good cup of tea or a nice glass of wine. Perhaps because he was a solitary elf, others regarded him as uncaring or other such nonsense. He didn't care a whole lot of what others thought of him in general. The ones close to him understood him and loved him all the same. The love one feels towards friends that is. Because the person he had found himself falling for, the person who his soul called out to, was his friend. In Erestor's opinion, love meant something entirely different depending on the person you asked its meaning of. Love can either be a blessing, an enigma, a curse when not returned and a sorrow when kept silent. Everyone loved at some stage in their life and for that reason it could even befall those silent and aloof. The ones that were thought cold in their feelings and strict and stern in behaviour. Yes, love could even befall Erestor, Chief Counsellor of Elrond. Yet Erestor did not feel blessed for having found these feelings of love, hidden well in the depths of his heart. For his love was one that could never be returned. A little dejected and perhaps even disappointed in himself for getting down over something he could do nothing about, Erestor let a sigh pass his rose-colored lips. He berated himself for allowing such thoughts to take control of his previously good mood. He had long ago accepted that his love would not be returned and thought he had been at peace with the idea. Yet lately he was troubled with insomnia and felt his heart ache painfully in his chest whenever the Ellon that held his heart was near. He gently bit his lip and closed his eyes for a just a moment. He then let out another sigh and started busying himself around the enormous kitchen, starting his search for the sugar needed for the so-called icing of the cupcakes. It was truly unbelievable he felt like so ridiculously childish. The only thing he had done so far was bake two dozen little cakes, crushed sugar and mixed it with butter only to spread it over the top of the little cupcakes. The end result was not dissatisfying yet the total image looked simple yet tasteful with the smallest hints of sweetness displaying itself through the strawberries Erestor had decided to put on top of the icing. Never would he have believed he could find such little pleasure from baking and decided in that instant that, if troubled with insomnia again, baking was perhaps a good activity to pass the droll and silent time of the night. As he carefully placed the cupcakes onto a beautifully decorated platter he could only hope the taste was as delightful as the sight of the little cakes. He was most disappointed as he strode towards his room, his robes fluttering behind him as he gracefully crossed a hall. Of course the twins had meant no harm, as little ones mostly do things unintentionally since they lack both sympathy and empathy, but he could not help but feel slightly hurt. Only when he was within the comfort and safeness of his own room did he allow his expression to fall. He let a long sigh pass his lips as he leaned against the now closed door. He knew he was overreacting and he blamed that to the fact he had not slept a wink last night. It were just silly cupcakes and his first time baking any kind of pastry. He could have expected the taste of whatever concoction he had created during the night would have been bad. What he had not expected though was to be, quite rudely actually, informed by the twins he should perhaps not attempt the art of baking again. Not when said pastry would be gifted to them at least. Of course they had not meant him pain. They had merely expressed their dislike upon eating something as distasteful as Erestor's cupcakes had apparently become. It was a thing most elflings did without thinking so he should think nothing of it. Yet it was not only the elflings that had spoken of their dislike of the cupcakes. Glorfindel, who had once been Chief of the House of the Golden Flower and had bravely sacrificed himself for his people, had spoken his thoughts about the food out loud. Unintentionally and without thinking, for he paled almost the instance after the words had left his mouth, he had proclaimed to find the food he had just eaten tasted of a Balgrog's muck. Erector, after blinking in both surprise and shock, made a face and muttered: "You would know, my Lord." And afterwards took fast sips of his wine. He felt the sudden desire and urge to finish as quickly as possible to have an excuse to flee the room. And he had fled, for here he stood in his own room. His heart ached with a familiar pain – rejection – and tears brimmed in eyes that held the colour of autumn itself. He felt pathetic and weak for allowing himself to get hurt like this again. Oh, how he wished the Lord with the hair as gold as a sunbathed field of daffodils would return his feelings. Yet he had realized a long time ago that Glorfindel saw him as nothing else then Lord Elrond's Chief Advisor. That, though, was not so bad. What hurt Erestor most was the fact that Glorfindel held no special love for Ellon. His preference lay with Elleth. Erestor sighed. It was not often that the normally good-mannered Lord called out such rude language and he himself had also acted quite hurtful towards Glorfindel with his crude comment and abrupt leave. Perhaps he should apologize when he saw Glorfindel again. The cupcakes had tasted awful after all. The icing had been perfect, to Erestor's surprise. But how could someone mess up a combination of merely sugar and butter? The little cake itself was a different story. Not coming close to the impenetrability of mitrhil but very hard nonetheless. That was not the only thing wrong with the cake though. Apparently, while preparing the batter, he had confused the sugar pot with the salt. The texture and look of both ingredients was quite the same so even he understood his confusion. Yet those two mistakes had made sure the food was of awful taste. "Just forget about the cupcakes." He muttered angrily to himself, pushing himself away from the door. It was a mere quarter of an hour later and Erestor had decided he would not leave his room again this night thus had changed into his sleeping wear since the chances of someone visiting his quarters were as small as that of a dwarf visiting Rivendell. His nightclothes were nothing spectacular, he had led a rather celibate and perhaps even withdrawn life for long decades and with his current feelings towards the blond warrior he was certain that was not about to change. He wore simple grey leggings, a matching grey tunic and a robe that did not fit the image. For the robe, which was the blue colour of the sea, was made of the finest and most beautiful silk, the edges and sash both decorated with the most breathtaking yet simple embroidery of silver stars. It had, obviously, been a gift from Elrond and Celebrian. With a soft sigh passing his lips Erestor brushed a lock of his hair, which had been undone from the normal confines of braids, behind a delicately curved ear. Silently he stood on his own private balcony, only accessible through his own room, and watched the stars that sparkled in the sky the same way little Arwen's eyes seemed to sparkle whenever running into the advisor. Truly, even the Valar would have serious problems understanding why the little one was infatuated with Erestor. But the Valar were unlikely to take a closer look, did not see that whenever the child, with her rosy cheeks and twinkling eyes, entered a room brought a small smile to the brown-haired elf's lips. Yes, Erestor admitted being very fond of the elfling and spoiled her rotten any chance he got. In all honesty,