First new story of 2015! Yay. I can make lame jokes about this story like "I've been working on it since last year" and such, but I'll pass and let you read it instead. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own squat. Sketches "What's that?" Katniss asked as Cinna came in late. He held a sketchbook under his arm and the dress she was supposed to wear for her next interview in the Victory tour –they were in district ten now- was slung over his shoulder. "A sketch book," Cinna said, putting down the sketchbook and massive black bag of pins and sewing equipment and spare ribbons and rhinestones. Katniss' shoes were also somewhere in there. "Why?" Katniss said. "Please don't tell me you have that many dresses left to make for me." Cinna smiled. "They're not all yours, no." Katniss cocked her head to the side, looking at him inquisitively. "Outside of the Games' season," Cinna said feeling bad about using the Capitol term for the event, "Portia and I run a small shop in the haute couture district. It's not very big, but it's substantial enough to pay its rent and keep us busy in the meantime." Katniss nodded. "Maybe I'll let you look if you sit still while I zip you up," Cinna offered kindly. Katniss nodded again and slipped off the chair where she'd sat as her team attacked her with their tubes and liners and powders. Surprisingly enough, she did sit still and looked at him expectantly after. "This isn't all clothes," Katniss said when she got her long-awaited peek as Cinna unpinned her hair after what he knew had been a particularly hard interview to hold her ground through. The tour was nearly halfway done, but Katniss was losing her mind. "No," Cinna said. He looked over her shoulder. She was looking at a sketch of a condo. "That's my apartment in the Capitol. Well, Portia and I's. It's the way we'd like to decorate it one day." "Why aren't you doing it?" Katniss asked. Cinna smiled as he motioned for her to pass him her hairbrush. "Everyone in the Capitol is filthy rich compared to the districts, but not everyone is equally filthy rich." He was just rich, if that. Katniss nodded and kept looking through. "And that?" "That's a sewing machine that I'd saved up months for when I was younger," Cinna said. "You're not just sketching out clothes," Katniss said. "You're sketching out a future." "It has to be somewhere," Cinna said brushing the glitter from her dark hair. She was going to have it in there for weeks. He'd told Octavia to use the expensive stuff, he'd told her. "So what's Portia doing in there?" Katniss asked looking at a new picture. The alarm bell in his mind rang. "She was modeling an outfit for me. See that skirt? It's got a new kind of pleat in it." "I don't see it," Katniss said. "I wasn't expecting you too," he smiled nervously to celebrate his excellent save, but it also happened to cover his true intentions. Still, he knew that he and Portia would laugh about it over apple martinis tonight in the train's dining carriage, long after Effie had tucked herself into bed for her beauty sleep and soon after Haymitch was drunk and Cinna had carried him back to his bed. "I strongly, profoundly, fully dislike being back here," Portia said looking out the window and out on district 9. Portia's family were political refugees who'd made a name in the Capitol by fighting tooth and nail in politics and whorehouses. She'd only been four when she'd left the districts, but she carried nightmarish, foggy memories of dark nights and being picked up and carried away from the hunger and poverty by a man who no longer existed, to the sound of leaves crunching under their feet and peacekeeper dogs barking and children crying. "It's going to be okay," Cinna said squeezing her hand. "You're a Capitol Citizen officially." "Looks like you're stuck with me for good," Portia smiled swinging their intertwined fingers back and forth. Not nearly stuck enough… Cinna said. The square box in his pocket felt heavy. He didn't know why he'd brought the ring on the Victory Tour. He really didn't. He nearly lost it in District 8. Another time, Octavia walked into his compartment at the wrong time and just about saw it sitting on top of his dresser- if she ever found out, the cat was out of the bag. He just couldn't rip himself from it. For the same reason that he kept the sketchbook around even if the name he and Portia had made themselves in the Games had provided them with the luxuries they needed to make it real. He just needed to grip his future between both hands as tightly as he could now that he'd picked one out for himself and decided, after years and years and years of being told what to do and who to be in his life, that he was worth one of his own. He wanted Portia. Not in a possessive way. He just wanted happiness in its best form, and he knew that that was Portia He wanted Portia's everlasting sweet smile, her twinkling mischievous eyes, her playful word choices and movements and the way she changed perfumes every few days to "keep him on his toes" so that there was no holding on to a memory of her, but only to her. He wanted her kisses and the way they tasted like spicy tea. He wanted the birthmarks on her throat and chin, and the one just next to her eye especially. He wanted her infinite creativity and her crafty fingers and her ingenious mind and the way that she could scrap anything to make it whole and beautiful and purposeful. He wanted her generosity and her empathy and the mountains of emotion that she pressed mostly into stitches, but sometimes in words and actions as well. He held onto the ring until she would, because he wouldn't let go of that. He didn't think he'd be allowed anybody else like her in a thousand years. District 7 had some stunning scenery to go for it. Trees shot out of the ground, their trunks too big for Cinna to wrap his arms around and too high for even Katniss to climb. Cinna had to squint to see the underbelly of the foliage clearly. There were smaller trees of course, and stumps where the lumberjacks had already passed through- but for the most part it was stunning. Even the light that filtered through the natural canopy covering the train tracks was tinted a pleasant, leafy green. Cinna was too engrossed in Portia's green eyes on their ride through, however, to notice how beautiful the scenery was- or how picture-perfect and story-book classic District 7 was for him to pop the question. Until Effie Trinket darted into their cart to check on the state of outfits they'd prepped ages ago and ruined their conversation and small pocket of calm and privacy. Katniss looked over her shoulder as they rode the gondola lift up the mountain. Cinna didn't think that she was afraid of heights so to speak, but she wasn't used to being so high up in the air. They were in the transportation district, however, so Cinna didn't know how she'd expected anything else. "Need a distraction?" Cinna asked taking his sketchbook out of his bag. Katniss graciously accepted without a word, and started flipping through the pages. "What would you draw in here that's not already here?" She asked. "I don't know," Cinna said. "I draw designs as they come to me. I can't predict what I'll draw next week or tomorrow or even tonight." "I mean for your future," Katniss said. Her pages were touching another rough sketch of a sleek, silvery kitchen with a long table and high stools. In the corner Cinna had scratched the address of an industrial designer who owed him a favour. Cinna chewed on his lip. He and Portia had agreed that Peeta and Katniss didn't need to know about their less-than-professional relationship. They'd decided that two dying children could be left as far out of their love lives as possible and once aforementioned tributes had survived… well, there was enough mass confusion and stress surrounding them. Cinna and Portia could stay out of it. It wouldn't seem fair especially now that Katniss and Peeta had to skip in front of cameras holding hands and making kissy faces at each other, to hold hands and softly say goodnight with as must honesty as possible. Even Effie -as much as Cinna had grown to love her in a strange, strange way- was out of the loop. The world was nearing its crescendo despite the sturdy climb of the gondola. Now was not the time. "I always wanted a cat," Cinna said. "You can have my sister's," Katniss muttered. Cinna laughed as the gondola came to a sudden stop and Katniss jumped, startled. There were fifteen power plants in District 5 and out of pride for them, the district Mayor and Manager of Plant A7D were showing Katniss and Peeta and all involved parties around one of the older nuclear plants. Cinna studied the map of the building hanging on the wall as the physics of nuclear energy were explained, and noticed that there were tons of hallways and crevices and stairwells and elevator shafts around. "You could get lost in here in a snap," Portia whispered to him looking at the floor plan. "With the winding, narrow, zig-zaggy corridors… the entirely empty desolate rooms everywhere…" Cinna was about to remind her of a spectacularly bad navigational error she'd once made for the sake of seeing her blush, but Haymitch walked past them. "Yeah, no slipping away you two," he said suggestively. They fell into step behind him and continued with the tour, but Cinna cursed himself over and over for how he hadn't thought of it first. The tour was even less interesting after that. "I love, love, love, adore the beach," Portia said as she swung her hand over her shoulder, fingers hooked in the straps of her heels. Cinna wrapped an arm around the waist. He wasn't minding the sand squishing underneath his feet or the regularity of the tide himself. It was a nice, beautiful, comfortable background for the world to fade away around Portia. She was wearing a flowing sundress that he'd seen her work on last night. Katniss had rejected it, and Portia had happily adopted it. She looked beautiful. "I wish I could take a picture of the sunset," Cinna said. "Some things can't be immortalised," Portia said. "Some things are ephemeral. They exist now, in the present, in the moment, and then they just don't. Too bad they're always the most beautiful." "You're not planning on going anywhere, are you?" Cinna asked. He was trying to push himself to add May I ensure that you won't? Because honestly, I don't know what I'd do and I don't even think that I'd bother doing it if you weren't there. After that, it would be so easy to slip the box out of his pocket… Portia turned to smile at him and kissed his cheek. "No, but I hope you're planning on shaving soon. You're scratchy, icky and hairy." "For you I might," Cinna said. "I've been working on the dress for District 12 nonstop." "And I've been getting lonely with all these visits and jobs and the godforsaken, everlasting, never-ending, absolutely dreadful paperwork," Portia pouted. "Stop it," Cinna said as he realised that he was going to have to kiss Portia that second despite the fact that Katniss and Peeta had been standing on their hotel's deck when they'd left for their walk and could probably see them. "Make me," Portia said. She took off into the surf. What was Cinna