Hi! Cinna is still my favourite character in the Hunger Games, and I miss him in the newer movies... I also miss Portia... And I miss the love that might have been... This was a birthday story for Max, who turned 17 a week ago, and who's head of costumes for a bunch of plays. I just didn't get around to posting this story- but now it's here! I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters or world portrayed below. Make Me Beautiful I don't mind spendin' everyday Out on your corner in the pourin' rain Look for the girl with the broken smile Ask her if she wants to stay awhile And she will be loved, and she will be loved -She Will Be Loved, Maroon Five "Her?" Cinna stuttered. "I get her?" The manager looked down at his list. "Your name is Cinna Manning?" "Yes," he said. "And she's Portia Langelos," he said. "Yes, you do have her. That must be a mistake… I can rectify it if you'll give me ten minutes…" "No," Cinna said impulsively. This was his first big show. This was his first worthwhile chance to get noticed, to do something important. "It'll be fine." "Really?" the manager said. "Usually we assign our newer designers to models who have less-" Cinna wasn't sure if that was to be followed up with 'prestige' or 'prominence' or 'attention', because the manager ran off to fix a problem with the stage lights again. And so Cinna had no choice but to extend his five seconds of courage and go introduce himself to Portia Langelos. She was sitting on a high black chair like every other model, except the way she crossed her legs and bent her elbows seemed so easy and comfortable… As if she'd been born to sit on this chair. That was what a lot of people said about her; that she was born for the chair, born for the stage lights to hit her and for silk and pearls to be wrapped around her. Cinna didn't disagree, she was beautiful. Everything about her was long and graceful from the curve of her neck to her delicate shoulders. Her skin practically shone and her hair was in a raven-black league of its own. "Hello," he said, hugging his black sketchpad to his chest. "My name is Cinna, I'll be your designer for today's Run." Portia straightened up and smiled at him, holding out her hand. Her almond-shaped eyes twinkled. "I'm Portia. Pleasure to meet you." "The pleasure- umm, yes, the pleasure is mine," Cinna said. "So, do you do these Runs often?" Runs were like a sport in the Capitol. Designers would compete for spots and be assigned random models. Then they'd duke it out for the best design, though models also fought for the best performance award. It was another event for the rich and elite to place bets on in between Hunger Games, but with silk this time. "Not very," Portia said. "I do private work mostly. Contracts and whatnot." "Understandable," Cinna said. "I saw the work you did for Avenci and his new line of ballgowns. Beautiful." "Thank you," Portia said. "I- I hope today will make this Run worth it for you," Cinna said. "I had a few ideas, but I didn't want to pick a final concept before seeing my model and I thought that you'd like to see what I'd put you in as well and-" Of course, as he was going to show her his sketches, he dropped his big black book. Fabric samples and loose sketches pooled around the floor. "Sorry!" Cinna said. "Sorry, it's… I'm new. By the way. If you couldn't tell, I'm sorry I.." "Will you make me beautiful?" Portia asked. "Will I – well- yes, of course…" Cinna said. "Then it doesn't matter if you're new," Portia smiled. "It'll be beautiful. Here, let me help you pick up…" She hopped off her chair and knelt down by Cinna to help him clean up. "I like how you're letting me chose," Portia said. She picked up the design for a dark blue dress and looked it over. "Are all of these designs viable for the Run?" "Not all," Cinna said. "Only those that I can make in the two hours." "Fair enough," Portia said. "And of course, it has to fit the theme…" "Fairy Tales," Cinna said. "I haven't heard of those since my Ancient Literature class." "I've never read one, though I've heard of many," Portia said. "What were you thinking? Show me your drawings…" And so Cinna swallowed his fear and the last of his shyness and showed Portia a fair range of romantically loose dresses and sleeves with slits to show the shoulders and corsets and gauze. Cinna didn't make it into the top three for that Run. Maybe he'd been in fourth place, maybe he was in last. There was no way to know. But Portia had won for Model Performance. And so she got to choose her designer for the next run. And she picked Cinna. "We'll meet again," she winked at him. Half of her makeup had been rubbed off which gave Cinna a weird half-glance at her real face. It was framed by a few loose strands, deliberately pulled from her enormous braid. "I'm happy to hear that," Cinna said, stomach wrenching. Portia whipped off the other half of her makeup and picked a few white blossoms from her braid. She kissed his cheek. "I'll see you next run." Portia took him out for coffee a few times- before, after or in between Runs. She brought him to other shows and events of hers. More often than not he sat in a corner, sketched, and watched until they were done taking pictures of her and she could take him out for apple martinis or pistachio-crusted salmon or ice cream on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It was a strange routine, but Cinna accepted it wholeheartedly. This woman was a stunning model, a Capitol legend and a staple of its highest social events, the sweetheart of cinematic legend Boris Levithan and the niece of the esteemed general Attica Wholehall… but she wanted to explore dusty antique stores with Cinna. Funny, how things worked out. They'd sit down at a table and Portia would want to see what Cinna had been drawing. She'd want to know not only what he'd been drawing but also why and how- which was a lot harder to explain to people. Cinna drew dresses and suits and gowns because… well, some part of him just had to. And he drew them a certain way because… well, because it worked. Because those were the directions that his mind gave his hands when he wasn't thinking. "That's the kind of artist I like and that I'd like to be," Portia mused. "Someone who just has to do what they do. Who has a way to make the world beautiful and who can't stop it." Cinna blushed and didn't know what to reply, but the waiter came to tell Portia that they were out of blueberry Danishes and could only locate cherry ones for her. "I took the liberty of preparing a more elaborate dress in advance this time," Cinna said. "I did try to make it something you'd like anyways." "I'm sure I'll love it," Portia said. She rubbed her eyes. "I'm too tired to argue with you anyways." "Didn't get to sleep?" Cinna said as he unzipped the dress bag. "You could say that," Portia said. "At any rate, it's been a long night. What do we have here?" The dress was a simple shape. A high neck and no sleeves and a classy train. "That's your dress?" Portia sounded nervous. "Cinna, baby… This is a big show. All the other dresses are…" Cinna knew what she meant. The other dresses were bright blue, or the dashing oranges and haunting reds of a sunrise, or white and whimsical as clouds. Cinna had even seen feathered garments undoubtedly made to replicate birds. This, in comparison… "The theme is 'Sky Light'," Cinna said. "I know. Do you trust me?" This was their fifth Run together. Portia had repeatedly picked Cinna as her designer, which had made the tabloids fabricate with glee. Last time, Portia had used some of her well-placed, Capitol elitist friends to find out that Cinna had won fourth place in the designers division. It was fairly respectable for such a young designer, but it made Cinna boil inside that he had been so close to finally be worth to Portia what she was worth to him… "I do," Portia said. "You know I do. You always make beautiful things." "Then let's get you in this dress and zip you up," Cinna said. He tried to sound confident. This had seemed like a beautiful idea at midnight when he'd been sewing and tinkering… "Okay," Portia said uneasily. "Okay, let's do it!" Cinna was chewing his nails to the end as he sat in the crowd and watched the models come through. He was checking the number pinned to his sweater constantly, waiting until Portia would walk onstage, hoping that he'd timed everything right… She did. She stepped onstage and paused at the end of the runway. She strolled down the catwalk, down, down, down… Paused at the tip… Of course, Portia was beautiful, and so this worked even if the dress was plain. Cinna counted as he prayed. Three, two, one… The dress lit up. Across Portia's body, thousands of luminescent threads and imbedded lights lit up to form constellations and planets and a celestial star map. The crowd gasped and even Portia was so surprised that her happy and stunned and ecstatic expression lit up her face, even if she was onstage. A shooting star zoomed across Portia's collarbone, and the crowd took it as a cue to cheer and go wild. Portia smiled and raised her arms, spinning in the dress to show off the intricacy of the detail and, and… "I was wrong," Portia told Cinna after the Run, after he'd won first place. " I shouldn't have doubted you when you said you'd make me beautiful." "It's okay," Cinna had replied. "I still pick you as my model for the next Run." Winning a Run would put a designer on the map no problem. And luckily, since Portia was all over the map, this meant that they got to work together some more. And even if she wasn't directly his, Cinna was always running into her. One day, during a massive shoot in which Your Clothes Inc was shooting three different collections at once, Cinna stopped by Portia's make-up station while she waited for her next outfit in a black silk dressing gown. "I'm just going to reapply your makeup quickly," Cinna said looking through the case of cosmetics left on the table. "See, what he was trying to do here with this colour was make the ruby of your jewellery pop, but he's ignoring those gorgeous eyes that you have…" "A true friend," Portia laughed. "Always making sure I look my best." Cinna finished off her makeup. "There we are," Cinna said. And he was a little stunned and more than a little honest when he softly answered, "Beautiful." "Why are you up so early?" Portia said, sitting next to Cinna in her oversized t-shirt and leaning her head against his shoulder. "I mean, I know that I was up late talking with Boris, but I know that you worked until at least one in the morning too…" "It's an early-morning photo shoot," Cinna said. "I thought I should be on time." "This isn't early-morning, this is sunrise," Portia said, yawning and rubbing her eyes. Even when she was still slow and stupid with sleep, she looked sharp and adorable. "I like sunrises," Cinna said. "Look, just look." "I've seen sunrises before," Portia said. "But at the edge of