I haven't posted in forever! Yay! And that's such a basic way to start an author's note it's ridiculous. Anyways, this story is a birthday story for a friend. I'm projecting my undeniable love for Cinna on her social activism tendencies. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Not Collins Dedication: To my dear little Bellita. How I Rise The words hit him as hard as a knife in a fistfight. He ignored them and continued scribbling in his sketchbook as if nothing had happened. But of course something had, because suddenly the dress he sketched had gone from ivory satin to scarlet silk. Good silk. Rich silk. The kind of silk he only worked with at the fabric store, not the kind he ever got to touch or cut or shape or fold across a mannequin. "I'm talking to you," one of the boys said. Cinna looked up. "I heard your parents got evicted," he said. "We haven't been evicted," Cinna said. "We've moved." About two days before being evicted, to be exact. And to be even more exact, his parents hadn't gotten evicted. They were still in a Capitol resort, pretending to do important socialising while surfing on the family fortune, leaving his sister and himself in a house with a nanny from District 10, playing deaf when the ply for more money was sent out monthly. "I heard your family's not poor," another boy –his father a banker- said. "But that they don't care enough to make you rich. It's why there's a hole in my blazer." "There's a hole in my blazer because I ripped it on a nail," Cinna said calmly. "In your ratty apartment two streets away from the slums!" the boy said mercilessly. Cinna turned back to his sketchbook and flipped away from the angry scarlet dress to draw out another dress, working his way up from the straight skirt to the intricate collar of beads, silver, amber and metal bits carefully and symmetrically placed together. This was important. Not the boy, not the banker's son, not the small crowd of snickering private school elitists they were summoning. The dresses, the designs, the pattern, the beauty. That was how Cinna was going to rise in the world. This was his ticket away from an inherited dependence on his ancestry's luck and right-place-right-time abuse of the rebellion. Which is why he only threw the first punch when the banker's son tore his sketchbook from his hands. There was his sister Angelie. She was the first. She had the apple green eyes that people told Cinna looked charming on him, but nobody had ever told her and so she'd had mauve contact lenses welded to her irises. Similarly, his sister had dyed her hair in red and blue and had wires drilled into her skull to create permanent and still curls within her thick mane. It was a phase, at the time. It worried him. He'd punched studs through the curb of his ear himself. He worked in a small saloon where people told him what to draw on their skin. But those people looked at their skin and saw a canvas, looked at the world and saw a selection of paint and pastels that they could scribble with. Have fun with. Decorate with. She saw a blasphemy that had to be destroyed. Unsatisfied by her colouring, she'd also pierced her lips and pierced her eyelids and pierced shiny line of diamonds up her throat, and then pierced her heart. He realised with a pang that the beautiful exterior, or the imaginary lack-of, had made his sister fall in the same way that Cinna wanted to channel it to rise and it broke his heart. It broke his heart until he realised that Angelie hadn't fallen because of beauty and the making of, she'd fallen because of the elimination of alternative beauty as a viable option to high society. Things that Cinna could manipulate in the world's favour, he realised. After that first attempt, Cinna swore with a shudder that he'd make her feel beautiful. If it wouldn't come from inside, it'd come from outside. He spent all night, the day before she was to be released from the Clinic's Special Ward and sent home, in the tattoo parlour where the owner Zusak had a sewing machine. Though Cinna's parents had hastily glided back into the picture after the incident, smoothing down their ruffled clothes and smiling warmly as if they'd been there all along, they weren't monitoring his nightly scavenges yet and he got away with the all-nighter. She was just about to change into street clothes to walk the streets again when Cinna, wild-eyed and insomniac and starved, stumbled into the hospital and unzipped a dress bag to show her his creation. "The cut will flatter your waistline," Cinna said. "It shows the shape of your legs. And because of the pale colour it won't make the strands in your hair look worn out. The collar of ruffles at the top will hide your new scars. The sparkle all around will make people see what's in your eyes." She smiled and refused to go out of the house wearing anything else for days. There was this girl, Kenna. Kenna spent her nights prowling the streets at the arms of a man twice her size, thrice her wealth and half her virtue. Every now and then he let her go, but claimed her back an hour later with his arm extended for her rental's pay. Kenna's nights were useful, when day came, to hide her origins and help her go where her future lay- because it was a bright one. And Kenna, bright girl, was attracted to it like a moth to the light. Money was her wings, she said. Even moths needed wings. Kenna got hers. At first Cinna had little implications in Kenna's flight. Every now and then he kept her little sister home, and told Portia that Kenna would be back soon and that they could read a story, or maybe he could paint her face with the products he swiped from his work at the cosmetics counter. (He wasn't supposed to swipe, but he didn't need the job, he simply liked it- so his ethic wasn't as secure as it might've been.) But then as Portia became his friend and opened up as he taught her the art of painting faces and matching laces, he noticed that Kenna's eyes were sunken in the mornings and her legs were bruised and her chest was bruised and her jaw too. Portia told Cinna that she'd been using his tricks with colours and lights to hide the bruises, but that Kenna wouldn't let her do it anymore because it was expensive. Cinna told a particularily exhausted and ashamed Kenna to put her favourite dress on and stand still, and told Portia to go fetch a scarf that would match from a store in which he had good credit. "Why do you do it?" Cinna asked, helping her dry her cheeks and zip up her dress. "Because it pays for Portia's health and my tuition," Kenna said. "I know it's hard for you to understand, but this is how I'll scramble up in the world." Cinna was skeptical but he didn't disagree with her. When Portia came back he appraised her taste and wiped Kenna's tears and told her that he'd fix it. He wouldn't make her beautiful because she already was, but he would take away the ugly parts where ugly people had rubbed off. He cut a scrap of the scarf and instructed Portia to line the hem of the dress with the bronze print. He took the rest and pinned it to her shoulders, cut geometrical shapes within the fabric and fashioned a crown from a bent coat hanger. When he was done the scarf looped around Kenna's frail shoulders and hiked up to the sides of her head, falling in perfectly to hide the bruises and show her eyes and show her smile. Which was particularly bright at the moment. "You look beautiful," Cinna told Kenna as he pinned the last flap of fabric into place. "I feel beautiful," she said. "That is how you'll rise," Cinna said. There was the politician's wife. She came to Cinna looking for something that nobody would have worn before or after her. Her solution had been to find the smallest shop on Main Street, the one that was the most squeezed between the block stores with their shiny white countertops and smoothly cornered furniture. It wasn't much, but it was all that Cinna and Portia could afford- Portia working three jobs aside from this one, and Cinna being temporarily out of his family's graces because of his boycott of university or gentlemen's club in favour of gaining experience or contact in various fashion-related shops and boutiques and parlours. Anyways, the wife's reasoning was that if nobody went there, why would anybody look anything like her? "It's for an inauguration ceremony," Mrs. Crane told him. "Of my husband as head Gamemaker." Cinna sat and took notes on the event. How Seneca Crane's first Hunger Games would be debuting in three weeks. Portia sat next to him with bundles of fabric in her arms, curiosity spiked. The wife continued about the horrifying arena he'd designed and brought to life, about the underground tunnels that would snake below the earth and the cave systems that would trap the tributes in the dark and in each other's grips. She fanned her face as she told Cinna about the horrible, blind worms that would lurk around the tunnels and create new labyrinthine paths to add to the pre-designed ones, making the arena impossible to map. He showed his notes to Portia and said, "What did you have in mind for your dress? What did you want to look like?" "Pretty," she said playing with the pearls at her wrist. They matched the ones at her throat, dotting the buttons of her jacket and lining her hairband. "No- beautiful." "Beautiful," Cinna said writing it down. "How? Stunning? Elysian? Angelic? Memorable? Unique? Teasing?" "I'm just there to support him," she said plainly. "Yes," Cinna said. "But your dress can help you do more than that. It can make you rise." She laughed and the crystalline sound of it nearly changed his mind. There was Regicca. In the morning, when Cinna arrived at the bridal salon where he worked his third job as a consultant, Cinna was told that his client was a very important client that he had to cater to unconditionally and treat with the upmost respect and privacy. When he recognised the debonairly dressed woman from the Capitol's newspapers as President Snow's youngest daughter, he understood. He also knew that he'd tell Portia all about it when he got back to their workshop after work. He offered her Champaign and they sat down in one of the dressing rooms as she told him about the wedding, which he'd read all about, and after she suggested a dress pattern to him, he went to look. He must have slipped her in and out of seventeen dresses. She looked lovely and pristine and angelic and lovely in every dress, and most of the dressed looked good on her too, but she was unsatisfied. "Let's review your list of criteria to make sure I'm looking for the right gown," Cinna said, clicking his pencil open. Except instead of writing down what she described, he drew it, all on one sketchpad. He drew a long skirt with a dramatic train and strips of lace patched on to the gossamer skirt. He drew a corset with silky ribbons lacing the back and lace crawling up the bust and around her throat, and then down her back until it melted with the train. He drew sleeves in which laser-pierced holes matched the lace and a dramatic avalanche of pearls launching itself down the skirt. "That," she said pointing to