Bella hated traffic. As her car crawled amongst hundreds of cars in the evening rush hour, she felt her tension rising. It didn't help that her AC was broken and the 84 degree sun was beaming down so hard that she could feel the sweat beginning to pool under her button-up shirt and pencil skirt. I need to do something before I straight-up road rage, she thought to herself. She turned on the radio to distract her mind, but when she heard the song, "I'll Make Love to You," her mind went in a different direction. She turned off the music again as her hand drifted down to her skirt zipper. She quickly looked around to see if any of the cars next to her were looking. It was clear, but she again hesitated. Come on, Bella, she told herself. What's the worst that can happen? So what if somebody sees me, a total stranger, jacking off while stuck in traffic? It'd probably just make their commute a little bit more interesting too. With that mentality, Bella felt her courage rise, as did her arousal. The thought that somebody might want to watch her masturbate in her car was more than a little bit of a turn-on. She unzipped her zipper, and then decided, What the hell!, and just pulled the skirt down off her legs, first off her left leg, then her right, so she could keep one foot on the brake. Her left hand now drifted down over her emerald green, lacy thong she was wearing. She drifted her hand between her thighs and pressed down hard over where the fabric was already drenched with her arousal. She couldn't help but bite her lip as she rocked her hips against her hand. All of a sudden, her lane moved forward. Shit, she thought as she was forced to remove her focus from self-pleasure and onto the road again. I guess I've found the weak point of jerking off while driving. However, it wasn't long before her lane was stopped once again. Bella immediately went back to work. This time she guided her left hand directly under her panties. It was so hot down there that the coolness of her hand nearly made her jump. However, she did more than that as her fingers found her clit and started pushing back and forth roughly. Forgetting her window was down, Bella let out a long, high moan as she then dipped two fingers into her cunt. Immediately the occupant of the neighboring car, a non-descript black SUV, locked eyes with her. Shit , she again thought, what do I do? At this point however, her horniness had ratcheted up so high that she didn't want to stop. She bit her lip in deliberation, as her fingers, though still inside her, stopped moving. She saw the occupants' eyes move down to her lip and darken. Well, looks like he might want me to continue anyways. She had, after all, considered this possibility beforehand and it was her duty to follow through with her adventure. Plus from what she could see, he definitely wasn't hard on the eyes, with a chiseled jaw, black hair, and muscles on top of muscles. She put the car in park (as the lane had been completely stopped) and having made up her mind she began thrusting her fingers deep inside of her again and rocking her hips. She sneaked a peek over and saw him watching her moves very intently. Gaining confidence, she began unbuttoning her button up with her right hand moaning even louder. It was so hot having an audience, and Bella felt herself losing a little control, and moaned again. The man shifted uncomfortably in his seat, without removing his eyes off of her. Her shirt was now unbuttoned enough to give him a clear view of her bra, but she decided to give him an extra treat. Slowly, she locked eye contact with him and pulled down both cups of her bra giving him an unfettered view of her breast as she pushed them together and began tweaking her left nipple with her right hand. He finally broke eye contact, to stare at her breasts, and Bella could see the struggle he had just swallowing. Between what her fingers were doing and the intense stare of the man next door, Bella was losing control. Arousal began leaking from her pussy and dripping onto her leg and seat and she began picking up the pace. Her breathing became labored, and she added a third finger, letting out a high-keen as she felt her fingers stretching herself. The tension was building and building. It was about to break and Bella could feel her climax coming closer, closer CLOSER! BEEP BEEP! Bella nearly jumped out of her skin as the car behind her laid on his horn! Her frustration had peaked, she had been so close to cumming and now this asshole had ruined it. She looked ahead and saw that the traffic had cleared and only she and her voyeur had been holding everybody up now. She unhappily removed her fingers from her weeping crotch and quickly took the car out of park driving to catch up with the next car in front of her. It was then that she noticed the sirens. She looked back seeing that the SUV had pulled behind her and now was flashing police lights. OH SHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT! DId I seriously just get my rocks off next to a cop! Oh MY GOD I FLASHED HIM! Her heart sank lower as she pulled to the highway shoulder and saw him following her. Shit can I get arrested? Are you allowed to be slutty when you drive? She frantically pulled her skirt back up and zipped it, then attempting to button up her shirt again. By the time the man came out of the car, she had slowed her breathing and redressed, even if the buttons were a little bit crooked now. "Excuse me ma'am, can I assume you know what you did wrong?" "I don't know what you mean, officer?" Bella said innocently, batting her eyelashes. He had seemed to like her before, maybe she could milk that. Plus, who knows, maybe he wouldn't recognize her. "Do you know how reckless that was, fucking yourself while driving? Somebody could've gotten hurt!" Bella swallowed deeply, so much for not recognizing her. She had to admit, as terrified as she was, she was also getting hornier by the moment. She couldn't help but be turned on by the authority and power in this guy's demeanor, plus he was huge! Probably at least 6'5'' and if he was that big, how big could the rest of him be? Are you serious ma'am?" He yelled as he saw her eyes drift down to his package. "Do you care about anything other than sex right now?" She tried to look innocent again. "I'm so sorry officer! You're just so good-looking it's hard for me to focus on getting a ticket." "A Ticket? That's what you're worried about? Please step out of the car ma'am." Shit, this wasn't going at all as expected. Bella felt tears building up behind her eyes as she stepped out of the car and he grabbed her waist roughly, turning her to press against her car. "I'm bringing you in for this. Lewd behavior, reckless endangerment, and exposing yourself in public." Bella couldn't help it, she felt her tears overflow as she thought about the humiliation she was about to endure. He pressed up hard against her and all of a sudden she felt hope again. That was quite a hard bulge poking into her back and it wasn't his gun either. He expected a slut, I'll give him a slut. Maybe I'll be lucky and actually get a good bang out of this situation. She let out a breathy moan as she grinded her ass against him. "Oh you're so strong, and big!" She breathed. "I like the way you're pressed up against me. i'm just so wet and hot right now!" He didn't say a word as he twisted her hands behind her back locking her into handcuffs and before reading her Miranda rights. Well, goodbye to any dignity I once had, thought Bella feeling hopeless again. He walked her back to the SUV until it shielded them from the road and any drivers. Before opening the door, however, he shoved her back against it again. "You're just one big whore aren't you?" "Oh yes," She moaned, biting her lips as she again felt his hard dick pressing against her stomach through his pants. "Does it make you hotter when I call you the slut that you are?" He asked darkly. "YES, yes" She breathed trying to front grind against him again, trying to rub her wet clit against the outline of his dick. "Please, officer. Please touch me!" "Touch you? Why would I touch you? You're a pervert and a whore! Your pussy's probably completely stretched out from the dozens of men you've screwed before! if you want me to touch you, you'll have to earn it." He snarled stepping away from her. Her pussy was now dribbling down her legs as he looked at her like the whore she felt like. She had never been more turned on in her life, let alone by such demeaning behavior. But she definitely wanted more. She immediately dropped to her knees , licked her lips, and looked up to his steely grey eyes. "I'll do anything." She breathed. His eyes darkened as he stared at her shirt and ripped the buttons off, revealing her heaving C-cup breasts. He ogled them as he considered her offer. "Beg for my cock" he ordered darkly. "beg for the pleasure of having me fuck your mouth with it." Hearing him say those words struck deep into Bellas pussy and a warm gush of liquid flowed.. She rocked back onto her heels trying to grind herself down on them to relieve tension. She realized she had to focus on the task at hand and cleared her throat. "Please officer." She began. He grabbed her by her hair so hard and fast that tears sprang into her eyes as he snapped her head up to face him. "Please what?" he growled. Bella, was so turned on she could hardly breathe. The pain and need were blending together so that she simply wanted any touch, harsh or gentle. "Please. Please," she moaned. "Please shove your big hard cock down my throat. I'm so hungry for it. I need it, I need you please!" With that, he unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants down to his knees, revealing not only that he went commando, but also the size of his enormous dick. Bella swallowed deeply as she stared up at his hard 10in dick thinking maybe she got herself in deeper than she could handle. "Well?' he sneered. "Are you going to stop drooling and suck me off or what?" She took a deep breath, then leaned forward and licked the whole length of his long, girthy dick. She felt a little lost, not being able to use her hands but he quickly rectified that by taking her head in his hands and saying. "I'm about to pound into you so hard you'll be begging for mercy." She felt more liquid building in her loins, not remembering the last time she had been so hot for someone as she nodded her head and relaxed her throat. He slowly pulled her head forward by her hair and she began the struggle of engulfing his dick, inch by inch. Finally, when she felt like she couldn't breathe at all, he pulled back. Then began the thrusting. Pulling her back and forth with her hair and every thrust of his hips, he began fucking her face with all the power he could. "Fuck," he grunted. " Yeah you whore, take