Hi! This is my first time trying this! please enjoy! it was great to write and send! My name is Annabeth Chase. My mother is Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom and war strategy. I'm only 17 years old, but far past the normal life expectancy of most demigods. Five minutes, and the battle would begin. We had planned for this moment; I had planned for this since I was seven years old. In five minutes we, small demigods would have to fight for our lives, our family, our home, but also our entire world. My team and I waited… and waited. We all knew this moment would come, but we all put it off because our chances of survival were slim. Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang, and Hazel Levesque were saying their goodbyes, while Jason Grace and Piper McLean kissed… very possibly for the last time. Our whole atmosphere was depressed, yet determined. We were ready to fight for those we love… and the world, our home. I turned and looked Percy in the face. His sea green eyes, stared harshly at the rough terrain of our battlefield. His jet black hair was messed up from a horrible night's sleep, yet I thought it looked perfect. Percy's lips quivered, but he stood still and straight. He held his sword, riptide at his side. I thought he looked absolutely gorgeous. "Percy…" I said quietly, and hugged him fiercely. My eyes stung and I could feel tears coming, so I buried my head in his chest. I felt his arms embrace me tightly. "Wise Girl" he said. "Seaweed Brain." I chuckled back softly. I pulled away and looked into his beautiful eyes. He pulled me in for a good, proper kiss. when Percy lifted his head I could see how teary his eyes were. Even a great, strong man like him knew the likeliness of getting home alive. "Annabeth… whatever happens out there… just know that I love you with all of my heart and soul. You are the reason I wake in the morning and you are the reason that I am going to fight today." He said, pulling me in for a quick kiss, though full of emotion. I didn't know what to say. 'me too' did not cover it. saying goodbye was something I just couldn't do. I'd already lost too many of my friends and above all… Luke. But saying goodbye to Percy was something too much. After all we had been through together, from talking to poodles to falling into Tartarus it seemed like it was impossible to die… yet here we were. Gods, I knew I couldn't lose Percy, my Percy. He was more than my boyfriend. He was another part of me… I loved him so much and I knew he loved me. Percy's fatal flaw was loyalty… part of it was that he was loyal to only one girl for the rest of his life, meaning he could only fall in love once. I was his one love, and he was mine. I jumped up and clung to his neck and hugged him once more. When Percy set me down we held hands… and that moment was one of pure bliss. Suddenly, the ground rumbled violently and a booming voice fell over us all… "TODAY IS THE DAY THAT I WIN AND YOU LOSE. THE DAY THE WORLD ENDS. THE DAY I AVENGE MY CHILDREN" Gaea said. The ground tore open, releasing thousands, millions of monsters out onto the rough terrain with only one mission, kill us. We attacked as one. Percy spotted out the titan Alcyonus and charged, jumping up and slashing with Riptide. Jason flew up and targeted Enchilites while Frank turned into a huge gray dragon with red wings and zipped through a line of monsters. Hazel controlled the mist and sliced through monsters, gracefully. Piper and Leo fought alongside each other hacking at beasts. I was fighting through an army of Laistrogonians. When I looked back, I could see Hazel, almost passing out from exhaustion, but otherwise fine. Then my attention turned toward Piper. She was fighting intensely with two full grown Cyclops, but was obviously too much for her. She was screaming commands but the cyclops appeared to have something sticking out of their ears... wax. Leo tried to get to her, but was fighting off a dragon lady. Finally, it happened. As I was making my way over to Piper, one cyclops wiped his hand under her feet. She fell to the ground with a loud BAM! Piper was still conscious, but a bloody streak ran down the side of her face. She had dropped her dagger and looked wearily around. "Jason? Where are you?" she said, sounding only confused. She had no fear of the giant cyclops… just for her boyfriend. The cyclops brought his hand down with one mighty blow and nailed his fist into Piper's chest. She let out a horrifying scream, so horrible that all of the heroes heard and rushed to her. Even some monsters stopped fighting and rose their heads. I sprinted to my friend and cut through one cyclops, and let Jason kill the cyclops that had caused the most harm. I held Piper's hand… it was cold as if Khione herself had touched it. Piper was alive… barely. Tears ran down her cheeks. The seven gathered around her body. Jason yelled both in heartbreak and anger and dropped to the ground next to his love. As sad as it was, we had left ourselves undefended. Giants poured in and circled us. I cursed. How could I have been so stupid? We forgot about the fight… the fight to end all fights and we took a break. Jason took Piper in his arms and flew up, to base… but a monster threw a boulder and hit him… and Piper out of the sky. They both fell together, but I couldn't tell if they were conscious or not. In a panic I screamed, "FRANK, GET THEM!" Frank the dragon leaped through crowds of monsters and I lost view. Oh gods… please let them not be dead. I thought repeatedly. The remaining demigods, Hazel, Leo, Percy and myself fought through the circle of giants. The beasts laughed and I realized they were toying with us. One blow would kill us, yet it would take dozens of our hits to just annoy them. Hazel was trying to manipulate the mist, but it spun wildly and couldn't take any real action. It was too much, for her and for me. Hazel wobbled around and fell to the ground, unconscious. I ran to her and didn't see any cuts, but she was overwhelmed, stressed, exhausted, and was only thirteen. Not that any of us thought of her as a child, she was very powerful, but she only trained for a few months and now took on the largest fight in history, not only was it unfair, but very possibly fatal. I stood protectively around her, as Leo made a ring of fire. Percy glanced over in his fight and scowled. A single tear went down his jaw. He paused for a moment and brought down his sword deep into the giant's chest. The monster stood lifeless then proceeded to turn to golden dust. Hours went on like this. Cutting through giants and monsters. Hazel woke up after about 10 minutes and attempted to fight. She fought against a gorgon, with bravery and skill, but the beast was able to get hold of her weapon… the nasty gorgon cut Hazel's thigh, deeply, just missing the femur. Hazel cried out in shock and screamed for help. I was much too far away to get there in time, but Percy cut through the gorgon from behind and yelled, "You can rot in Tartarus with Medusa." As she turned to dust. He ran to Hazel and slung her over his shoulder, fighting his way to base. I followed him there. The base was still in way of monsters, but it was heavily guarded with celestial bombs and vicious traps, courtesy of Leo. When we stepped into base we noticed Piper and Jason, already sitting there. Jason rocked a lifeless body in his arms, the bloody body of Piper. I rushed to Piper and checked her pulse… nothing. I checked four more times and covered her breathing. Piper Mclean, daughter of the goddess Aphrodite… was dead. Jason continued to gently stroke her hair, but started to rise up. He left the dead body of his cherished girlfriend on the ground and walked off into the battlefield with a deadly motive to kill. Percy had set down Hazel… she looked horrible, but with the fight still happening we had to go. Hazel laid in the protective circle, softly eating Ambrosia. We fought hard for a long period of time until we received news that Frank died trying to fight off twenty cannibal giants… we would never be able to retrieve his body. When Hazel heard she cried until she took her imperial gold blade and drove it through her gut. She refused to eat Ambrosia. Hazel simply smiled as she fell into the long sleep of death. We fought with an unspeakable motivation until Gaea said, "YOUNG DEMIGODS. DO YOU ALL TRULY PREFER TO PAINFULLY WATCH AS YOUR FELLOW HEROES DIE, OR WILL YOU TAKE A TEST WHERE YOU MAY GO HOME ALIVE?" With that, the giants and monsters dissolved underground and Percy, Jason, Leo, and myself appeared next to each other… along with a lady. Gaea. She wore a light green dress with black hair that touched the ground. She levitated about four feet off the field and had open dark, brown eyes. "heroes." she said "always making my life harder. I have a proposal. You play one of my… games and I will let you all live and I will retreat my forces, if you win. If you lose, you die. Accept?" she finished, smiling. "We will only accept if you swear on the Styx to never return again and never again do any harm… to anyone or anything or even order anyone to come to earth. If we win." Percy said, sharply. Gaea smiled and replied "I swear on the Styx." "what is the game, slimebucket." Leo demanded, spiting at the goddess. "ha-ha! I'm glad you asked Valdez. In this game you will all drink a tad of poison. However, only one poison can kill. No one knows who has the poison that kills. Then I will give you an antidote for the poison that sends you to the underworld and you all choose who gets the antidote, so pick the right person and you all live. Pick the wrong person, and you all die and I rule the world." we all looked nervously at each other. Percy grabbed my hand and lightly squeezed it and gave me a reassuring smile that made part of happy again. My heart fluttered and I passionately pulled him down and kissed him. A proper kiss, one filled with our love for each other. One filled with sadness, hope, anxiety, and some joy. When he pulled away we gazed into each others eyes, and I said, "Let's play your game, dirt face." A small vile of green liquid appeared in everyone's hands. They all looked identical. Together, we sipped the contains, knowing the earth was slowly coming up at our feet, making it hard to impossible to move. I swallowed the liquid. It burned my throat, and felt as if it were eating through my esophagus. We all coughed and discussed who the person who had the death poison may be. Immediately Percy said, "Annabeth, you need to take this." I shook my head a hard no. "Percy, you take it." I said. "NO! ANNABETH, you are taking this antidote." My stupidly brave boyfriend said. I looked at Jason and Leo. "Annabeth, you have to take it." Leo said, putting on a brave