She should have known that it was going to be a bad day. A no good, very awful bad day. The sun was shining through the crack in her blinds and right across her face. There was rarely a sunny day in Seattle, especially in the month of September. That was why she had relocated to the sleepless city. In hopes of avoiding the sun at all costs. Bella had grown up in always sunny Phoenix, Arizona. Where the sun was blinding, the air was dry, and it was always obnoxiously hot. She hated it. Her skin was like porcelain and the sun just enjoyed burning her delicate skin. The dry air made her already unmanageable hair frizzy and brittle. She determined early in life that she was not made for the heat, at all. But, unlike her, her parents adored the warm weather. So, in Arizona they stayed with their terra cotta colored home and pool in the backyard. They both retired from their careers (Renee spent 30 years as a nurse and Charlie spent 10 years as the chief of police) and spent their days enjoying it all. Soaking up the rays. Bella moved as soon as she graduated high school. Obtaining a scholarship to the college of her choice for her exemplary academics as well as the funds her parents put aside as she was growing up made it easier for her move. Eighteen year old Bella moved to Seattle to attend the University of Washington where she obtained a bachelor's of nursing and joined the generations of nurses in her family. So, as the sun began to rise, rudely awakening her from her peaceful slumber she had to remind herself that she loved what she did. Even if it required her to wake up at the crack of dawn. She groaned loudly as she stretched her arms above her head. "Go away, sun," she huffed, pulling the pillow from under her head and throwing it at her window. She glanced at the clock beside her bed. The neon blue display said it was 5:15. Her alarm wasn't due to go off for another fifteen minutes. "Stupid sun," she mumbled. She unceremoniously rolled out of bed, nearly falling on her face as the blankets stay tangled around her. Shuffling her feet across the pale wood floor she made her way into the bathroom. Brushing her mess of brown hair out of her face she looked in the mirror, her eyes trailing down as she took note of her appearance. They stopped as she reached her protruding belly and a soft smile pulled up the corner of her lips. Three months. She only had three months left in her pregnancy. And though it wasn't how she thought things would be when she had her first child, she couldn't bring herself to be upset about it. She was elated with her impending motherhood. That was something she didn't expect. Growing up she never thought she would be a mother. She never enjoyed being around children and never squealed with joy when a baby was brought around her like most women she knew. But, when she first saw that double pink line on the store bought pregnancy test she was immediately in love with the idea. She didn't anticipate that she would become a single mother though. Her at the time long-term boyfriend quickly ditched the idea of fatherhood and fled as soon as he heard the news. Initially, Bella was distraught. She had no idea how she was supposed to take care of a baby on her own. But, that first ultrasound where she heard the rapid flutter of a heartbeat she was determined to make everything work. Bella reached a hand to her stomach, slowly pulling up the blue cotton fabric of her camisole to rub her belly. She received a tiny kick in response to her touch and the small smile gracing her lips grew. "I can't wait to meet you, little one," she whispered. Bella showered quickly, enjoying the warmth of the spray before stepping out onto the plush bath mat. Bella would never grow old of long hot showers in the morning. She dried off before dressing in her scrubs for the day. Simple black bottoms and a navy blue top; standard attire for the emergency room nurses. It had been six months since her move to the trauma floor, but she still tried to reach for her plum colored scrubs. The signature scrubs for the oncology floor, where she used to work. Not bothering to dry her hair, Bella pulled it up into a bun on top of her head. Off the shoulders and under control, just like her nursing school instructor advised. Even after four years Bella refused to fall into lazy ways like some of the other nurses she had worked with. Scrubs were kept wrinkle free, pants were kept level with her spotless white tennis shoes. Just like she was taught. She made toward the kitchen in her small, two bedroom home. It was her pride and joy, a token of all her hard work. Her feet softly padded against the tile floor as she made her way into the kitchen, glancing at the clock on the stove. Five forty-five. She had fifteen minutes before she had to leave. She took the opportunity to grab her phone from its charging spot on the counter to check her messages. Two texts and three emails. One text was from Renee, asking her what else she needed for the baby. The new little one was going to be spoiled rotten between Bella, her parents and her best friend, Angela. And just as she suspected, the second text was from Angela letting her know she had more clothes for the little one. She chuckled lightly before moving onto the emails. Two spam, of course. The other was from an address she hadn't seen for a long time. One that wasn't supposed to contact her. The restraining order she had put in place was supposed to deter him from contacting her. But, in recent days his attempts to contact her had gotten more persistent. Not bothering to open it she forwarded it directly to her attorney. Just as she had the other two she received in the last three days. With a sigh she pushed off the counter she had been resting on and headed toward the front door. She slipped on her shoes before grabbing her keys from the hook beside the door. Another day begins, she thought to herself. The drive to the hospital was quick. Uncharacteristically so for a Thursday morning. She found herself walking into the first floor emergency room ten minutes before her shift was supposed to start. Just enough time to grab a cup of decaf coffee from the little cart parked in front of the glass double doors leading into the emergency room. Such a smart place to put a coffee stand. Bella made her way to the back area of the floor where she typed in the code to open a door. This led her into the staff lockers and break area. She found her locker, a simple picture of her 16 week ultrasound adorned the front, and opened it. She traded her keys for her ID badge, quickly clipping it to her top. "Isabella M. Swan, RN," it read, her picture rested beside her title. With coffee in tow she made her way onto the floor and to the nurse's station. At first glance it looked like it had been a quiet night. Most of the rooms were empty, from what she could see, and there were no screaming patients. That was always a good sign. "Morning, Bella," a soft voice greeted from her right. Bella turned and was greeted with the cheery smile of her best friend and colleague, Angela. Angela and Bella had met in college. They were both quiet girls, so it was just natural that they flocked toward each other. After a study session at a local bookstore, where they found out that they shared a love for classic novels, they became inseparable. They spent many a night at each other's apartments cramming for their classes and board exams. Bella and Angela were like sisters, and often times were mistaken as such. Angela's almond shaped brown eyes matched those of Bella's. When both girls wore their hair down, from behind it was hard to tell who was who as they both had long, dark mahogany colored hair. The only difference was that Angie's had a natural wave to hers, while Bella's was stick straight. "Morning," Bella replied, "You look happy this morning." "The sun is out," her smile grew. She knew how much her best friend hated the sunny weather, and just as she expected, Bella responded with a quiet hiss and glare. "You're nasty," she huffed, taking a sip of her coffee. They were waiting for last night's nursing staff to give them a report of the current patients. She glanced at the large clock above the nurse's station. It was seven o'clock, any minute now. As if on command, last night's nurses began making their way to the main hub, all looking ragged. Last night's staff consisted of five nurses and four nursing assistants. Of note were Lauren and Jessica, Angie and Bella's arch nemesis'. The two bottle blonds were the type of individuals that had no business being in the nursing career. They focused only on themselves and had no compassion of the patients. How they managed to land themselves in this field, Bella would never know, but she suspected it had something to do with the wealthy doctors that they worked with. It was no secret that Jessica and Lauren had rendezvous with the adulterous doctors in the hospital. As everyone made their way to the huddle, Jessica caught sight of Bella and glared menacingly at her. 'So glad I don't have to deal with her today,' Bella thought to herself, dismissing Jess' stare with a role of her eyes. The nursing manager for the day shift, Sue Clearwater, took stand, clearing her throat to get everyone's attention. "Good morning, ladies," she addressed, smiling warmly at everyone. Sue was the epitome of a doting mother. A lot of the other nurses liked to call her Mother Duck, as she liked to take everyone under her wing, offer them advice and help whenever they needed it. Sue looked like she was ready to tackle the day. Her dark green eyes were bright and lively, and her dark, raven colored hair was pulled back into a tight, military style braid. Bella envied the flawless, light, russet colored tone to Sue's skin, a telltale sign to her Native American roots. "Looks like the night was fairly quiet. I took the pleasure of speaking with the nursing staff already. There was a single MVA as well as a GSW. Those were the most severe cases of the evening. However, both patients have moved onto the surgical floor and we don't anticipate them coming back down here. Currently, there are a total of five patients on the floor awaiting to be seen by the on call doctors," Sue informed, she took a break to take a sip of her coffee, also purchased from the stand out front. See, such a great business idea on their part. "Those patients have been stabilized and should be good until the doctors get in at eight. I spoke with Hillary in admitting to see what may be coming in, but it looks like the front is fairly quiet as well," she continued, "But, don't be fooled. This is often the calm before the storm. Now, please take a look at the staffing board behind you to find which rooms you will be taking over. Like usual, get a report regarding each patient. Day staff nurses, meet me here when you're done. You all know the drill." And like