Promise Me by savemesalzburg Author's Note: Hey all. :3 I know you're all eagerly waiting an update to Contre Qui, Katniss. And it's coming. But in the mean time while I work on that, I'm giving you all a little oneshot. This is a Gale/Katniss oneshot, and normally I'm not one to be interested in that pairing since I'm a raging Everlark fan, but I am having a bit of a lapse and felt like writing Gale/Katniss. This is slightly AU, however not so much as my other story. I'm pretty much cutting out the Quarter Quell in this one, and Peeta and Katniss are going ahead and getting married. This story takes place the night before their wedding, and Gale has a few things to say to her before he loses her forever. Kind of smutty. :3 DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Hunger Games. "Just please, please, promise me somewhere dark and deep in your heart that you'll keep a tiny place for me where no one new can reach." - Promise Me, Kill Hannah For the first time since my family moved to Victor's Village, I was completely alone in my house. Someone had come running all the way from the Seam begging my mother for help delivering a baby, and she had taken Prim with her for assistance. I had no idea how long they would be gone. It had been early afternoon when they had left, and it was well into the evening hours without any sign of them. I assumed it would be close to midnight before they returned, and that was alright with me. I would spend my last night of freedom alone and miserable. Sitting cross-legged on my bed, it seemed all I could do was stare at my reflection in the dark window. I looked at my plain pants and shirt, my plain braid, my plain Seam-gray eyes staring back at me from the windowpane. This was my last night as a plain girl from the Seam. This was my last night as Katniss Everdeen, my last night being me. Because come this time tomorrow night, I would be Mrs. Peeta Mellark. I would no longer be me. My ears, trained from years of hunting, were the only reason that I heard the door opening downstairs. My entire body tensed, and I didn't breathe for what felt like hours. Rational thinking would tell me that it was only my mother and Prim returning home from a day of long, hard work. But as talented as they were in healing, neither of them were very good at staying quiet. And whoever had just entered my house hadn't made a sound since they opened the door. I darted off of my bed soundlessly and pulled my bow and quiver of arrows from my closet. I was standing with an arrow loaded and pointed in the general direction of any possible attacker's vital organs when the door opened. I was glad that I hadn't yet released the arrow, because in front of me stood someone that I never expected to see again. "Trying to kill me, Catnip?" Gale's face was smug with amusement as I lowered my weapon and placed it, along with the quiver of arrows, on my bed. "I knew brides were jumpy, but I didn't know they were homicidal." As much as his comment was meant to be funny, I could hear the hurt in his voice and see it in his eyes. I was currently speechless, wondering what exactly brought him all the way to my house the night before I was supposed to be married to Peeta. Especially since I haven't spoken to him in over a month. I hadn't even given him an actual wedding invitation. Instead, I left an envelope with Hazelle with a note inside that read simply " I'm getting married on the 21st. Come or don't. -Catnip " I didn't expect him to be there tomorrow, and honestly, I didn't want him there. I didn't want to see the pain in his eyes as I said my vows to someone else. It would only make my own shackles weigh heavier. "Gale..." was all that I managed to say. But what else was there to say? Actually, there was a lot. But, weighed down with my own misery, I could only think of the simple things; things that I've known for my entire life. Things like his name. "Is that all you have to say to me after not speaking to me for a month?" he asked, stepping forward. I instinctively stepped backwards towards the window, and I know I shouldn't have, because it made the pained look on his face even more obvious. "No...I just, wasn't expecting you, is all..." I moved my bow and arrows from my bed to the floor and gestured to it. "Sit?" I was trying to draw the attention away from the fact that I had just tried to run away from him. "I don't need to sit. You might, though," he said, taking another step towards me. This time I didn't move away from him. "I came here to say one thing, Catnip." Before I knew what was going on, I felt his rough palm on my cheek and his strong body inches away from mine. His fingers moved under my chin and tilted my face up to look at him. Our eyes met, and it felt for a short time that I was looking at my own reflection in the windows again. The pain in his eyes was greater than mine, and I felt a pang in my chest from it. Suddenly, though, I knew what he was going to say. And suddenly, I wish he had never come here. "Gale, please don't..." I whispered. My body was trembling, and instead of moving away, he took that as his cue to slide a strong arm around my waist and press me close to him in a warm embrace. He had made the right decision before I had even wanted him to do it. But that was the way that it had always been with us. Gale knew what I wanted before I even wanted it. He knew what I felt before I even felt it. I had realized long ago that working as one person ran deeper than just hunting in the woods. "I have to..." he breathed into my hair. I could feel my body relax in his arms. All of the nerves that had been on a live wire since the day that Peeta proposed to me just seemed to die out. I felt weightless against him. I felt comfortable. I felt right, for the first time since he had kissed me in the woods. And that scared me. "You should just go..." I pulled away, instantly turning my back to him. Consciously, I pulled my curtains closed. I could never be too careful these days. "Not until I tell you that I love you." And that was when my heart began to bleed. It bled for Gale, it bled for me, and it bled for the life that we could have had if the Games had never existed. If I had never had to volunteer for Prim. A life that wasn't run by the Capitol. A life that told a story about two people that met in the woods one day, became best friends the next, and fell in love years later. "I told you not to say it!" The anguish in my heart had quickly turned to anger. That's the way it was when something hurt as much as this did. I had to release it from my body somehow, and the only way to release it right now was through anger. Through screaming. Through creating a spark and lighting it on fire. "Why? Because you're too much of a pawn to the Capitol that you can't say it back?" he countered. "I'm not the Capitol's pawn!" I yelled, wheeling around to face him. The tears begin to pool in the corners of my eyes, but I refused to let them be seen yet. "Then say it!" he yelled back. "Tell me you love me too, because I know damn well that you do!" "Goddammit, Gale! It's more complicated than that!" "It's not complicated at all!" "You don't understand what's at stake here!" "Nothing's at stake, just say it!" "No!" "Tell me that you love me!" "Fine, I love you Gale!" The room fell silent, and the first tear ran down my cheek. All we did was stare at each other. Neither of us moved. The only sound was the thumping of both of our hearts from the adrenaline of our latest argument. He made the first move, crossing the distance that had come between us in a few short steps. One of his arms snaked around my waist, the other tipping my chin up, and before I knew it his lips were on mine. The sensation was different than it had been in the past. His lips had become more chapped than they were the last time they met mine, and there was more force behind them. I could do nothing more than surrender and kiss him back, because that was what my both my body and my heart wanted. My mind was outnumbered, and therefore its opinion disregarded. Our kisses stayed innocent for awhile until I felt his tongue on my bottom lip, gently requesting entry into my mouth. I obliged, tasting his tongue as it glided over mine. The taste of his kiss was nothing less than I expected. It tasted familiar, like home. My heart was racing at this point, igniting my nerves once again. But this time it felt different. My body was no longer weighed down by stress, but alive with lust. It was plain and simple. I wanted Gale right now more than I wanted anyone in the world. I pressed my slim frame close to his muscled body, feeling the heat of his body mix with mine. It felt like not only I was on fire, but so was he. I felt him press me against the wall beside my window, breaking the kiss to look at my face. We were both breathless, and again our eyes matched. The need for me that I saw in his eyes mirrored the need that I felt running from my heart, through my veins, into my stomach, and finally pooling in my groin. "What are we doing, Catnip?" he asked me, running a calloused finger down my smooth cheek. I knew that was his way of making sure I wanted this as much as he did, but did he even need to ask? Wasn't it obvious in the way we looked at each other? But I guess it made sense that he wanted verbal confirmation that this was exactly what I wanted. "We're doing exactly what it looks like we're doing," I responded cryptically. Another kiss, and we were tripping over one another on the way to my bed. Not even two people as graceful as ourselves were immune to the side-effects that lust left on the body. The weakness in the knees, the fire in the heart, and mostly, the numbness in the groin. I had never felt something this intense before, and I knew right now that all I wanted was for it to be satisfied. The moral effects of what we were about to do would set in later, the whole "I'm going to hate myself in the morning" deal. He gently settled me down before kneeling over me and lifting my shirt over my head, watching my face the entire time. Much like in the woods, this was a time when no words were necessary. We could watch each other, feel each other, and know exactly what was going through the other's mind. His hands touched the smooth skin of my stomach, and I