ALPHABETICAL AUs Word count: 5570 Written for: Hogwarts Ancient Runes - Write about a character finding light in the darkness - you're free to interpret this however you want! Extra prompt: (word) despair. Word Prompt Express - 1/10 (100 words used). List can be provided if necessary. Pokemon Go Challenge Note: Story takes place in America. Since there's a pretty strong Hollywood theme, I thought it made sense to set it in a place I know reflects that vibe... real-life Hollywood in the state of California. Enjoy. A = Actor!AU Someone You Love Sometimes you think you want to disappear Sirius slammed his bedroom door shut. He lay down on his sheets and curled into a ball on his side, holding his knees in his arms. It was a childish way to behave, but he couldn't help it. He was the victim here, not someone who needed to act dignified or put-together. He deserved to cry in peace. A tentative knock barely made a sound on his thick wooden door. "Sirius?" wavered the voice of a boy. He was sixteen but he sounded twelve. "Go away." Shuffling footsteps indicated that no such movement was taking place. "I mean it. Go ask mother and father when they can send you off to Harvard Law," he snapped. "I'm leaving soon anyway. Getting out of this fucking prison." Sirius grabbed one of the ornate throw pillows and folded it around his head, trying to block out the sound from outside. "I'll go with you. Just give me a minute to talk to them and get my things," pleaded Regulus. "I'll look up a place we can stay." "Stop it!" Sirius said, glaring at the faded posters on his walls. "Sirius - I wasn't trying to take anything away from you. It's not my fault that they didn't like your choices. Father just-" "I don't care what Father said. He can go die, as far as I'm concerned. As can you." The voices from downstairs loudened, and Sirius heard a gulp from the boy standing in the hall. "I've got to go - give me a minute," said his brother. "I'll be right back," he added, his voice fading away as he hurried away. Sirius didn't listen, just scooped up his cell phone and a wad of cash from under his mattress and opened the window. Twenty feet of air greeted him. Sirius took a deep breath, then dangled his feet out and hoped for a soft landing. .oOo. Sirius's dressing room would be his palace. There, he would be left peacefully alone from the belligerent directors, producers, agents, and other figures wading through the frantic noise of Hollywood. He could sit in his chair under the lights and dream about future roles, all while indulging in whatever delicacy was offered to him. He could practice his signature, hone his falsetto, and scheme to purchase random luxuries. There was no better way to live. His current "dressing room" was ideal, except for its location: smack in the middle of a trailer park. It also held shared duty as his living room, kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. Sirius didn't have a mansion - not even a little one. He had a trailer, parked with care under a tree in the largest trailer park in Los Angeles. He hadn't been offered a role in weeks - months, even - unless you counted a cameo in a Coke ad that had been scrapped instantly after Sirius's disastrous photobomb. Few people did count it. He tried not to think about it. But he liked to pretend - pretend that he wasn't a failed, out-of-work actor - by imagining his trailer as the vehicle of an undercover movie star. And what was wrong with that? It was better than moping around. He wasn't upset anymore about being treated like a free-will-less prodigal son in his parents' house; he was happier by himself. He just worried that Regulus wasn't faring as well. Sirius stared out of the squat window across from his bunk beds. Where was his brother now? He'd deleted Regulus's number in a fit of rage, and he hadn't bothered to ask for it while he had the chance. "No glitter, no mirrors, and nothing," he muttered. Nothing had come of his escape from that hellish house. Nothing had come of his bid for a life of wonder and mystery, not a single role. Wasn't it obvious that his exotic good looks would perfectly suit the role of any sexy lothario? Maybe lothario wasn't the right word. According to the internet, it meant 'male seducer of women.' And women weren't the ones on his mind. .oOo. "Hey, man, you looking for something?" Sirius's head jerked upwards. He identified the voice as belonging to a guy roughly his age with jet black hair and dorky glasses, who stepped toward Sirius and stuck out his hand. "I'm James. You?" "Um," said Sirius. He stuffed his phone in his jeans pocket and grabbed the guy's hand, shaking it quickly before letting go. A scan of his surroundings showed that there was nobody to save him in case this guy was a mugger, or serial killer, or worse - a spy for his parents. "Why do you ask?" The stranger - James - shrugged. "No reason. You don't have to tell me if you don't want to, man." "You're not-?" Sirius stammered, trying to find the least troubling words. He tried again. "Nobody told you to look out for-?" James looked at him in concern. "I'm not like that. Why, is someone after you?" "My family." Sirius blurted the word, then looked up to see the guy's reaction. Luckily, he acted as if Sirius hadn't said anything out of the ordinary. "Aw, that sucks. My dad's all right. He runs the shop." James gestured behind him to a squat brick building labeled 'Potter Repairs & Co.' Several cars, trucks, and trailers in various states of disrepair littered the parking lot. "He also rents to the folks in the park just along the way." James pointed to a swath of green farther down the road, where Sirius could see a man parking his mobile home and a woman dragging her protesting kid by the arm. "Cool, man," Sirius tried. He'd never called someone his age 'man,' or 'bro,' or 'dude' - his parents would have gone ballistic - but it was startlingly freeing to be so casual and open with a stranger. "Yeah." James grinned and grabbed Sirius by the shoulder, pushing him sideways so that he faced a restaurant across the boulevard. "See that building?" "Yeah?" "That's where my boyfriend works." "Oh really?" asked Sirius. He didn't have to squint to read the large neon sign flashing the name of a famous chain. "At a lesbian bar?" James blinked, looking back at the building and then shaking his head, a burst of laughter breaking the silence. "Sorry, turn left a bit." They were now facing a new building, much smaller this time. "Ah. A bookstore." "He's quiet," James explained. "Smart. And stuff." "Okay." No one spoke for a few moments, then James broke the silence. He seemed like a silence-breaker kind of guy. "So, did you have any particular reason for stopping by, Sirius? Or did you just show to hear about my boyfriend's job?" "No," Sirius admitted, struggling to decide how much he could tell James. He seemed reasonably innocent - at worst a little too friendly - but that was the ideal cover for someone with something to hide. This could all be a trick. "So what was it, then?" That's when Sirius gave in. He sighed, then told James the lighter details of his situation: how he'd run away from home, survived for two weeks on a few hundred dollars, and noticed the 'help wanted' sign on the shop window. "Oh, that's old," James interjected. "My dad got someone, so he doesn't need any more help." He glanced at Sirius, realizing why the subject had been brought up. "Hey, I'm sorry, man. I'd give you the job if I could. Your life sucks." "Yeah, I guess it does," Sirius said, laughing suddenly. It wasn't something he usually did - feeling sorry for himself in public. When he was with people, he kept it all inside. "Listen, if I can't get a job here, can you at least sell me a car or something? I can't afford any hotels around here, and there's no way I'm living in the street." "I can do better than that." James led him over to the closest garage, and tugged the door upwards, revealing a beat-up white trailer. "It's yours for five hundred bucks." Sirius gaped. "What? No, that's worth-" He caught himself. "I mean, yeah, of course I'll take it!" He found himself digging a wad of cash out of his wallet and shoving it in James's face. James rolled his eyes, pushing the money away with one finger.. "I know it's worth a lot more, but it's taking up all this space in the garage. My dad's sick of it." "There's nothing wrong with it, right?" "The transmission's a little funky, but we think we've got that worked out." "That's good enough for me." Sirius again handed the money to James, who accepted it and stuffed it into his own pocket. "Want to take it for a spin?" "Hell yeah." but all you really want is When Sirius woke up, he was picturing Regulus, not his acting career, which came as a bit of a shock. His brother wasn't a little boy anymore. He never was. In their parents' house, you grew up fast. Sirius sat in bed visualizing what he could remember of his brother's face and wondering how it would have changed since then. He'd eaten half a sandwich and some water when he sighed and tilted his head back to stare at the low ceiling. If he sat thinking about it much longer, he'd focus on his guilt about Regulus. No, he had to try and find him. The first place he looked was the Black family home. It was surrounded by acres of property, and had the kind of long driveway only found in front of massive estates. Seeing the place again bought back all the little memories he'd forgotten over the years, like days spent walking the gardens in boredom with Regulus, and the time the pair of them had gotten their tutor fired for looking at their mother the wrong way. Retrospectively, Sirius wished the tutor had stayed and the mother had gone. But that couldn't be helped now. A monstrous iron gate blocked the entry road, and Sirius had parked his trailer a half-mile away for safety. He gazed at the mansion, helpless, then turned away. There was no hope of getting in, and he didn't even want to see who remained. But before he left, he stuck a neighborhood "For Sale" sign in the ground for good measure. Sirius spent the day driving around greater Los Angeles, just watching the shop signs flash by in case something caught his eye. He didn't know what he was looking for - it was unlikely that his brother would've founded 'Aunt Enid's Pizza Parlor,' but there were thousands of other buildings to see - so the drive, while relaxing, did nothing in terms of satisfying his curiosity and guilt. He avoided driving by 'Potter Repairs & Co.' Seeing James would turn his day into a defensive argument that he wasn't prepared to win. He would be good-natured, but his prying questions would give Sirius his own doubts. And those doubts lasted much longer than his somewhat-friend's inflicted ones. Why else would he be driving around a major metropolis in search of one person he hadn't spoken to in years? This was useless. If Regulus had actually left home like he promised, he'd likely be homeless now. And who could count the thousands of homeless people in L.A.? They