"Potter, pass me the ginger root," said Severus. Harry passed over his cutting board and watched as Severus poured the carefully chopped ginger root into the cauldron. "And the lacewings." Harry passed those over next. If someone had told Harry two years ago that the war would be over and he would be working with Severus on a daily basis, he would have thought they were suffering from one of Fred and George's experiments. After all, he and Severus had hated each other since they first saw each other - even earlier in Severus's case - and after Sirius's death, Harry vowed to hate the Potions master forever. But then Dumbledore had insisted that Severus train Harry during his seventh year, and for some reason this time they had managed to put aside their differences and actually work together. Severus taught Harry everything he needed to know to defeat Lord Voldemort, which he did at the end of his seventh year. Six months later, Severus opened a potions shop. He had only remained at Hogwarts because it had been the safest place during the war - and because it allowed him to remain in contact with Dumbledore without arousing suspicion. Once the war was over and his name was cleared, he was free to leave, and leave he did. He purchased a shop in Diagon Alley, moved in the flat above it, and made a living selling potions he brewed himself. It had been a long journey for Severus, Harry knew. The man had had to deal with the fact that a huge portion of the wizarding world still thought he was a traitor, a Death Eater who had switched sides at the last minute when it became clear Harry and Dumbledore were going to win. Harry had had to fight tirelessly for months to get them to believe that Severus had in fact always been on their side, at least during the second war, and that Severus had in fact risked his life since the first day to make sure that Voldemort didn't suspect that he was really on Dumbledore's side. It was hard for Harry to do, but he never even for a second considered not doing it. Severus might not have been very nice, at least not compared to most of the other people Harry talked to, but he was one of the bravest people Harry had ever met, and Harry knew how much it had cost him to do everything he had for their side. It had taken a long time, but eventually Severus was cleared of all charges and had been presented with an Order of Merlin, first class, for his efforts as a spy. He was presented with a large sack of gold, too, which was what he used to open the shop. He was sick of students but still enjoyed potions, so he wanted to run his own shop where he could sell quality ingredients and potions people needed that were too complex to make themselves. The shop had only been open a year, and already Severus had one of the most popular shops in the region. Harry had been surprised that the man had allowed him to become his assistant. Harry had learned a lot when he used Severus's book his sixth year, and he learned even more now that Severus was no longer trying to trip him up. The two of them quickly learned to work together, with Harry doing much of the manual labor so Severus could make the actual potions. Most people would have thought it was boring, but Harry loved it. It got him out of the house and let him do something that was productive but didn't have anything to do with dark wizards or fighting. And, if he were completely honest with himself, it also gave him a chance to talk to Severus nearly every day, something he knew he would not be able to do otherwise. Harry would never admit it to anyone else, but he had gotten a crush on Severus while they were training during the war, and his feelings had only gotten stronger the longer they worked together. Not that he was going to say anything, of course. Harry knew that the older man might tolerate him for the work, but he also knew that the man would never want Harry in the same way Harry wanted him. The older man was a celebrated war hero with a successful business. There were bound to be plenty of men who wanted to be with him. People only seemed to want to be with Harry because he was famous, and it wasn't like Severus cared about that. That was part of the reason why Harry liked him. Besides, Harry wasn't about to ruin what they had just because he wanted more. Severus would find someone to love one day, and while that day would suck, Harry would still not say anything. He would simply sit back and watch as Severus finally got the happiness that he deserved. Harry liked to imagine he would find someone like that too one day, but he wasn't holding his breath. He had tried to date a few times since the war ended, but it hadn't ended well. People who seemed nice at first turned out to want him only for his fame or his money or because they thought they knew him because of what they had read in the papers. Harry couldn't live up to their expectations, and they left, or he left them when it became clear they didn't really like him. It didn't help that Harry was waiting to have sex until he found someone he actually cared about and who cared about him. In a way, his views on sex helped because the people who just wanted to say they had fucked the Boy Who Lived had no reason to stick around, but it also made him feel like there was something wrong with him. He knew there were people who weren't interested in sex or romance, but he wasn't one of them. Still, it seemed like everyone around him was part of a couple. Ron and Hermione had gotten married right after the war. Neville had hooked up with Hannah Abbott, and he was already looking at engagement rings. Ginny was dating someone she met at an amateur Quidditch league. Fred and George were dating different girls every other week and were enjoying themselves. Even Luna had found someone, as she was dating a girl she met while looking for the Crumple-Horned Snorkack. Harry knew he wasn't the only one without someone, but sometimes it sure felt like it. The only other person he knew who was alone was Severus, but he got the feeling Severus liked it that way. If nothing else, the man seemed more content than he ever had while at school, and that certainly counted for something. Maybe Harry should try to do the same - be happy with the life he had, even if it wasn't entirely the life he wanted. -HPSS- Severs watched as Harry prepared the ingredients. He was still surprised the younger man was working for him. He had agreed when Harry asked for the job because, well, after the young man had worked so hard to ensure Severus his freedom, he could hardly turn him away. He also had not wanted to. He had grown to respect the young man during the war, and those feelings grown in the time since, something Severus tried not to think about. The younger man would never be interested in him, so it just made sense to push those thoughts from his mind as well as he could and focus on the mystery of why the young man wanted to spend time with him making potions when he could have gotten a job doing anything else. It was not as though potions had ever interested Harry, and even if he had been interested in potions of all things, he certainly could have found someone better to work with. However, Severus did not want to be the kind of person who questioned everything good in his life, even though he very well was that kind of person. He had doubted the young man's motives when he first asked for the job, but that had been more than six months ago, and Severus was surprised but pleased to say that the two of them worked well together. Harry was much better at potions now that he was not a student. Harry had said that was because Severus was actually teaching him now instead of sneering at him and trying to get him to fail, and Severus supposed the young man was right, though of course he was not going to admit that to him. They were working in what Severus thought of as an enjoyable silence when the door to the shop opened. They both looked to see Draco Malfoy walk in, a smirk on his face as he approached Severus. Severus had not seen much of the young Slytherin since the war ended. Draco had remained hidden for several months while people sorted out their feelings on whether or not he was really a Death Eater. Then Harry had testified on Draco's behalf as he had on Severus's, and Draco stopped hiding. "Severus," said Draco, stopping at the table and smiling at him. "How nice to see you again." Severus was unsure why the young man was looking at him, but he inclined his head. "Draco. It is, of course, always a pleasure to see you as well. To what do I owe this visit?" Draco smiled at him again. "Does a man really need a reason to visit his favorite potions master?" Severus saw Harry frown at Draco, and he had to fight off a similar reaction. What was the young man up to? "Most of the time, yes," said Severus. "Well not this time. I just wanted to come and see you. We used to talk all the time, but now I hardly ever see you. I've missed our little chats." Draco put his hand on Severus's arm, which surprised Severus. The young man seemed to be flirting with him. Severus had seen it happen on enough other people to know what it looked like, though he could not remember the last time anyone had done so with him, especially not someone as young and attractive as Draco Malfoy. What did he want? He glanced over at Harry to see a surprised look on his face, surprise mixed with an unidentified emotion. He was probably just surprised that anyone was flirting with Severus. Severus was surprised, too, though it hurt more knowing that Harry could find no reason for someone to flirt with Severus. "It has been a long time," Severus acknowledged, deciding not to mention that the last time they had really chatted had been back during the war when he and Draco used to stay up at nights talking about what the world would be like after the war ended, what they hoped for if each side won. Unlike Severus, Draco had not firmly on the side of the light, though that was due largely to the fact that he had no faith in Harry or Albus. He also thought purebloods were better; he simply had not liked the Dark Lord's methods. Yet another reason for him to distrust Draco Malfoy. "Join me for drinks tomorrow night." Severus supposed that was supposed to be a request, though it certainly sounded more like a command. He had no idea what Draco was up to, but he also did not want Harry to think someone taking interest in him was so foreign he found it suspicious, so he decided now was not the proper time to check Draco for curses. "I suppose that would be acceptable," said Severus. "Excellent." Draco smiled up at him and finally took