When James first died, there was a moment of happiness. He knew he'd died for his son and his wife – two of the things he had loved most in his life. He knew he'd died to save not only them, but his friends and the countless witches and wizards who were fighting against Voldemort and his reign of terror. In fact, the first thing he did when he woke up in a strange white place was to smile. He saw his parents and they smiled at him too, and hugged him. His happiness, however, was short lived as his wife appeared soon after, in floods of tears. Lily's hair was as vibrant as it had been in life and, despite James' best efforts, there was no denying that it was her. James hugged her and held her close as she stood. "We did all we could for him." He whispered into her hair. Then they stood together. Waiting. Waiting for their one-year-old son to join them in this new world. They waited for a long time – hours it felt like. James' parents had left and only James and Lily waited where they had appeared. "What if he's trapped?" Lily asked James, worried. "He won't be trapped, Lily." James promised, although he himself wasn't convinced. Both were trapped in thoughts of their baby son who was somewhere, all alone. They were so consumed in these thoughts that they didn't notice the world around them fade away and the nursery of their own house come into view. It wasn't until they heard Harry's distinctive cry that they turned and looked up. "Harry!" Lily exclaimed and ran to him. She tried to pick him up, to comfort him, but couldn't. Her hands just seemed to go straight through him. "We're dead, Lily. He can't see or hear us." James said, looking around the room at the devastation that surrounded them. Then he spotted the black mass that laid at Lily's feet. "But how?" Lily asked, her gaze was still on their crying son. After following his eyes, she saw that they were locked onto her own lifeless form at the door. "Lil', he's dead." James whispered. He was knelt by the black mass he had spotted earlier. "Voldemort's dead." James couldn't help the smile that took over his face. His son was safe and, although both he and Lily had died in the process, they had finally defeated Voldemort. The Wizarding world was safe at last. Their jubilation was cut short, however, as they heard the front door crash open and both of their thoughts flew to one of Voldemort's notorious followers. "James!" They heard the familiar voice of Hagrid who had presumably just found James' body at the front door. He must have heard Harry's cries, too, as he came pounding up the stairs and into the nursery. "Oh, Lily." He cried. There were fat tears swelling in his huge eyes but he shook them off and turned his attention to the crying infant. "Come here, Harry. What an awful time you've had. Come on, we've got to meet Dumbledore." He cradled the tiny babe in his huge arms. It looked strange for such a big man to be holding such a small child, but both James and Lily knew that Hagrid as actually one of the most caring people they had ever met. They followed him out of the room and back down the stairs, stepping over James' body at the bottom of them, and out the open front door. "Hagrid!" It was Sirius. "Is…is it true?" James' best friend asked. Hagrid merely nodded as a huge tear rolled down his cheek. "Give me Harry." He said, holding out his arms. "I'm his Godfather, it should be me who looks after him." He begged. Hagrid seemed to consider this for a moment before shaking his head. "Dumbledore told me to bring 'im straight to 'im." Sirius nodded. "Take my bike. I'm going to stay here for a while." He said. Hagrid thanked him and climbed onto the motorbike and within moments flew into the air. Once he had gone, Sirius took his first look at his best friends' house. It was ruined; destroyed. He took one step into the house before collapsing into tears by James' body. James struggled to do nothing – although he knew there was nothing he could do. He longed to tell him that everything would be OK, that he needed to help look after Harry, that he needed to speak to Dumbledore and that all of this would soon be sorted. But the dark room faded away and they were on a street. It was a few hours later and quite a bit darker as none of the streetlights seemed to be on at the moment. It was an ordinary house on an ordinary street but the three people stood outside it were not normal muggles. Albus Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall, and Rubeus Hagrid were all huddled around Harry outside one house which Lily recognised instantly, despite only having seen it once before when she visited her sister a week before they went into hiding. "It's Petunia. They're leaving our son with my sister." Lily whispered to James. "At least he's with family." James whispered. "Good luck." They heard Dumbledore say these words as he placed a letter on top of the sleeping child and rang the doorbell. Before anyone came, the three of them disappeared, Hagrid on his motorbike, and the other two disapparating to somewhere else. Lily and James stayed, however, and witnessed Petunia open the door to find her sleeping Nephew (who she had never actually met in person) on her doorstep. She screamed and then picked up the child to take him inside before anyone else would see him. Lily and James both wanted to run into the house, to watch Petunia carefully and check that she would care for their son the way they would care for hers if the situation was reversed, but their time on Earth had ended and they could now only visit. They did this frequently over the following years and watched as their son grew up without them, not even knowing about the world that he had somehow saved; not knowing the true reason that his parents died. It was heart-breaking for his parents. There was another situation that the pair managed to observe as well, which was almost as heart-breaking. Sirius found Peter in the middle of a muggle street. "You betrayed them!" He shouted at the man who was almost half the size of him. Sirius' eyes were full of hate and anger; his wand shook in his hand as he raised it to Peter's throat. "You don't understand, Sirius!" Peter begged. "He would have killed me!" "And now two of your best friends are dead and their son is an orphan. Is that a fair trade? Your cowardly life in place of two true Gryffindors; brave and loyal." There were several muggles watching the events now, but Sirius had neither noticed nor did he seem to care. "I'm sorry, Sirius." Peter whispered. With a single wave of his wand, Peter caused an explosion that blew up the street and instantly killed most of the muggles going about. Somehow, Sirius survived the blast but was left stood by only Peter's toe. Anyone who didn't know his secret would think he was dead but Sirius laughed as he spotted a rat running away, attempting to put as little weight on his back paw as was possible. Sirius was taken away, still laughing, by ministry officials and James screamed at them as he was taken to Azkaban for his crimes that included killing Peter and thirteen muggles, and causing the deaths of both James and Lily – none of which he was guilty of – but there was nothing that either James or Lily could do from the realm that they were currently in. Instead, they had to watch this injustice. They spent most of the time that they could over the following years with Harry, trying to comfort him when he was made to be the Dursley's servant and when he was locked in his tiny cupboard under the stairs. They were there when Harry performed accidental magic at the zoo, setting a snake on his cousin. This was also when they realised that their son was a parselmouth, though neither of them could figure of how as neither of them could do it and nor could their relatives. This was quickly over shadowed, however, by the Dursely's obsession with Harry not going to Hogwarts. Lily felt responsible, she should have known that her sister's hatred of her magic would force her to stop her son from achieving his destiny. Both, therefore, sighed in relief when Hagrid appeared at the lighthouse on the island and picked up Harry on his eleventh birthday (even if he did leave their nephew with a curly pink tail). They watched as their son, aged just eleven, took on Voldemort (even if he didn't know that was what he was doing at first) and they stood proudly as Harry looked into the mirror of Erised and saw his parents for the first time. James cried, he couldn't hide it. He was so proud of his son and now, after ten years of watching, he could finally see him. Their love saved him from Voldemort once again at the very end of the year and they all realised that he was still not truly gone. They all knew that he would probably return soon and they feared for their son's life. But, at the start of his second year at school, they realised that he would be fine. The Durselys may not have been the family that the Potters would have been to Harry, but the Weasleys were doing all they could to welcome him into their folds and their family. Lily cried when Molly hugged him. She was happy that he finally had some kind of family; someone he could rely on, but Lily was devastated at the fact that that hadn't been them since he was one, and it never would be again. But she watched with pride as he saved his new little sister from the clutches of Voldemort's teenage self. James laughed, stating that gingers could never resist the Potter allure which allowed him an elbow in the ribs from Lily (which he could definitely feel). By Harry's third year at Hogwarts, it was a lot harder to check on James' best friend as, after twelve years of imprisonment, he had escaped Azkaban, something both James and Lily were happy about, but was now on the run from the ministry and their dementors – something that James and Lily were not so keen on. It was at this time that their other best friend was getting his life on track after twelve years of depression and had a new job starting in September as Harry's own professor of Defence against the Dark Arts. James was particularly happy about this for two reasons: Remus Lupin was amazing at defensive magic – at all magic in fact – and he would be about a thousand times better than the hopeless excuses for teachers he'd had the past few years. But more than that, he'd have someone close to family watching over him. Then Harry finally met his godfather, and he said he'd kill him. James cried, this wasn't how he wanted his son to feel about these people. Lily cried, too. She'd loved Sirius but it meant a lot to her that Harry would want to hurt him because he thought it was his fault they were dead. But they were partly reunited, once Harry understood and freed him once and for all. James knew that Sirius would do all he could for Harry, whilst keeping out of sight to escape Azkaban. The next year was hard for