Hi all, I wrote this a while ago after an idea came to me. I'm still working out the kinks but I thought I'd see if there was any interest before I spent lots of time on it. I will assure you all that I have not forgotten The OD Patient, just trying to get the creative juices following again. I am still working on the rest of that story, it is not forgotten :) Anyway, hope you like it. One . The engine ticked over quietly as she waited outside the building. She really wasn't entirely sure what she was doing bringing herself to one of these dippy support groups, it wouldn't be much help to her now. But then, the rational side of her mind wondered, Can I help others? Most of the girls in this group were likely to have been the standard, the ones who fall pregnant during high school, but she wasn't like that it. Nothing about her situation had constituted the norm for teenage pregnancy. Of course, she was no longer a teenager, at 21 she was likely to be older than most of the girls in the group. "Mummy?" a little voice called from the backseat. Bella turned in her seat to meet the eyes of her curious six year old daughter. "Yeah?" she replied, "What's wrong?" "Nothing," she paused seeming to think over an answer, "why are we just sat here? Are we waiting for something?" Waiting for me to be brave enough to face a group of strangers who will look down on me the moment they see us together, why yes, yes we are waiting. "No sweetie, we're not waiting for anything." Now strictly speaking, that wasn't true. Bella was always waiting. She had spent the last six years waiting for him. She had searched to the best of her ability for him. Her father had searched too, being a detective should have made the job an easy task but yet the years had gone by, their child had grown and their time together was slowly becoming just a memory. "Why are we sitting here then?" her daughter questioned again, "I'm bored, and a little hungry." Bella tried not to laugh, her daughter was always 'a little hungry', it was like she was her father without even knowing him. He used to always be hungry but, then he'd been a teenage boy and, she supposed, that was normal. She had no idea how he would act now. "We're sitting here because mummy's a coward," she explained honestly, not really knowing whether her daughter would make any sense of her words. "You're not a cow, mummy," her daughter replied assuredly Bella couldn't help but laugh at the misinterpretation of words. "No I'm not, am I?" she replied, the smile still lingering on her face. She summoned her courage and said, "Come on then, let's not be cows." She killed the engine and got out the car, moving to assist her daughter after. Her daughter clasped her hand around her mother's fingers and held on tight to her as they made their way to the community hall up the street. As they approached, she saw the sign outside 'Support group for young mothers, 11am Every Saturday." It was 10:55 by her watch, at least her dawdling hadn't made them late. She was grateful for that at least. "Sss-uh-per-per-or-t... Supppport?" her daughter spelt, overemphasising the 'p's', reading from the sign. "Support," Bella corrected gently, "you're getting really good at this!" Her daughter continued to decipher the words until Bella ushered her inside the building a few minutes later. On entry, an older woman met them at the reception and took them down. The judgemental looks started with hers. Bella knew that she didn't look 21, more like 18 and she understood why her and her daughter were greeted with these stares, it appeared to strangers that a teenager had child in kindergarten. She had been young, only fifteen, when her daughter was born but she hadn't been that young. The looks continued as she entered the space. However, not all the other girls looked at her this way. A young blonde with a baby sleeping against her chest met her gaze after a few minutes and actually smiled at her. Bella didn't quite know how to process the gesture since it was that unfamiliar to her. She hurriedly got herself and her daughter a seat together just as the meeting started. "Good morning, ladies," another older lady addressed them all then, "Nice to see such a great turn out this morning and some new faces to, that's always nice to see." She addressed this part to Bella, looking at her as she did so. "Today's meeting is the first session of the year, so just have a good mingle and get to know each other," she explained with a reassuring smile. Despite the offered reassurance Bella panicked at the idea of 'mingling'; she wasn't good with people. Correction, she wasn't good with females, she loved her daughter but she genuinely had no idea how to socialize with woman. She blamed her own mom for this. She blamed her mom for most things really. She was internally cursing her mother when a voice spoke close by her. "Hi." Bella looked up and was met with the sight of the blonde girl again. She looked as shy as Bella felt but she was definitely braver. "Hey." An awkward silence hung for a moment between them until a little voiced pipped up from the chair beside her. "You have pretty hair," her daughter said then, gazing at the blonde in wonder. "You look like Cinderella," she continued, "My mummy's Belle, so you can be Cinderella if you like." The blonde smiled, directing her words to the young girl, "Thank you, I think I would like that very much." "My names Rose by the way," the blonde explained, taking a seat beside Bella, "this is Henry." Indicating the still dozing baby she held against her. Now Bella was obligated to say something, she cursed internally again before replying. "I'm Bella, and this is my daughter Elizabeth." "Mummy," her daughter whined, "my name is Beth!" Bella smirked, they were more alike than she realised, "I know, sorry!" Bella was her shortened name from Isabella and taking the second half of their name seemed to be a trend for the Swan girls. "So what brings you here?" Rose asked, to which Bella frowned awkwardly. She thought it was pretty obvious but, decided not to say anything offensive or sarcastic in reply. Almost. She raised her eyebrows just slightly and pointed to Beth who sat beside her. The little girl was starting to fidget, until she noticed the toys bordering the room, she looked up at her mother for permission and Bella nodded once. Within seconds, her conversation buffer was gone. "Sorry dumb question," Rose stated, just as her baby began to fuss. She reached down and attempted to pick up her bag. Bella felt a twinge of pity for the girl as she watched her struggle for a moment. It was when the baby began to cry that the mother in Bella overcame her awkwardness. She grabbed the bag from the floor and held it open in front of Rose. The gratitude shone from her eyes as she dug her hand into the bag and drew a bottle from it. It was only when her baby was happily sucking down the formula that Rose spoke. "Thanks," her voice was timid and unsure, "I'm not very good at this." Bella saw it then. In those words, she understood why she had come here. "Nobodys good at this to start with," she explained, "trust me, I had absolutely no idea what to do when Beth was tiny, and he doesn't look that old, what twelve weeks?" Rose smiled slightly, "he's just turned eleven weeks." "See," Bella replied, "You haven't been a mother that long, don't beat yourself up about it. I still struggle now, anyone who says motherhood is easy is a liar." Rose chuckled, and silence fell for a moment. She looked ready to speak up again just as Bella's phone bleeped. She uttered an apology as she dug it out of her bag. She sighed as she read the text message from her father. Don't forget to talk to them, you don't make friends if you silently scowl at people. She tried not to laugh out loud but failed to contain it all, resulting in a strange sound that made it sound like she was choking. Despite the fact that he had only known her for six years, her father knew her better than her mother ever had. She opened the camera, summoned her best scowling expression and sent the resulting photo to her father with the tag line "But I like to scowl." Rose spoke as she threw the phone back into her bag. "Was that him?" she asked. Bella frowned, she wasn't entirely sure what the girl was chatting about. "Huh?" "You know, was that her dad?" she explained. Bella tried not to look hurt at the question, she had spent ages this morning psyching herself up for these kinds of intrusive questions. "No," Bella explained, "haven't heard from him in a very long time." "Oh," Rose replied, trying not to meet Bella's gaze, "I'm sorry." "Nah, nothing to be sorry about." "I shouldn't have brought it up," Rose continued, looking apologetic and awkward, "especially since its sore subject for me too." Bella just nodded, she really didn't want to get into this. The silence was awkward for a moment again until Beth interrupted the silence. She came running up, looking excited about something. The moment she reached her mother she stated loudly, "that girl should be Snow White!" "Beth, what are you talking about?" Bella asked, to which Beth pointed across the room to a girl sat across from them. She had a buggy beside her chair and was whispering down towards it, almost like she was singing. Bella understood her daughter's comparison from this one glance. The girl was pale, with short black hair and she dressed kind of punky and with it wore red lipstick. "Sweetie," Bella said gently, as punk girl looked up towards her daughter's accusation of being Snow White, "you can't force Disney personas on people, it's not polite." "Okay," her daughter conceded, before swiftly launching herself across the room, crying, "I'll ask her first!" as she went. "Oh fuck!" Bella cursed quietly, and Rose chuckled lightly as Bella launched herself across the space after her offspring. Unfortunately, six year olds are usually faster than their parents. "Will you be my Snow White please?" Beth asked the punk politely just as Bella reached her. "Huh?" the confused girl replied. "Beth, come on, leave her alone," Bella said to her daughter, addressing reluctantly the other girl after, "I'm really sorry she disturbed you." The punk girl smiled then, "its okay no worries really, she's not disturbing me. She just caught me off guard." Beth smiled brilliantly as punk girl spoke, "what did you say? Something about Snow White?" "Mummy is Belle, the lady with the pretty hair is Cinderella and mummy said I had to ask, but I think you should be Snow White. Do you want to be Snow White?" The punk girl seemed a little confused for a moment longer before she too smiled and Beth had acquired another Disney princess to be her mother's friend. "I'm Alice," the punk girl introduced herself after a moment, "and this in the buggy, that's Ellie. You?" "Bella and you've met Beth," she explained, before forcing the words out that she was reluctant but felt duty bound to say now that they punk girl had joined the ever growing legion of princesses. "Do you want to sit with us?" Alice smiled and nodded, rising from her seat to bring herself and her buggy