Author's Note: So I was hoping to be able to finish the entire fan fiction (FotR through Post RotK) by this coming spring, but I'm only one third of the way through, and I simply COULD NOT WAIT to publish. At all. The poll thing was kind of just a... um... muse? Heh, anyway, this is the second draft of "A Daughter of Kings," and is, I think, much improved. But we shall see... Title: A Daughter of Kings Author: Razberri Date Officially Started: May 2005 Rating: PG-13 (parents cautioned) Some violence, frightening images, and adult situations Summary: An AU: In another Middle Earth, Aragorn and Arwen are married pre-Fellowship, and have a first-born daughter. She is rather independent and wants her freedom, then she falls in love with a certain someone (who it is should not be hard to guess). After a long and dark series of missteps and--whoops! I'll not give anything away. I'll just say that Cristiel Estelwen knows little about what the outside world truly has to offer. Main Characters: Cristiel (the OFC), Boromir, Aragorn, Galadriel, Legolas, Eomer, Eowyn, Gandalf, Elrond, Faramir, Denethor, etc, etc, etc, and so forth... Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings, nor its people, places, events, and things, etc. It all belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien . . . for now =) Only Cristiel, Tawariel, Bregdor, and Aelodr belong to me. -- Book 1: The Fellowship of the Ring Chapter I: Naivety and Inquiry Year 3018 of the Third Age October 20 The valley was alight in all its morning glory. Waterfalls glittered like streams of falling jewels and the sky shone clear radiant blue, a testament to the purity that surrounded Rivendell and set it apart from the outside world. Down below, from a tree-covered hillside near the river, came the sounds of vibrant female voices. A small group of sparrows fluttered away as two girls made their way carelessly down the steep incline, one tall and slender, the other petite and small of frame. Both were laughing and joking as they moved from tree trunk to tree trunk down the hill. "I must say, Tawariel, you should not worry so about how much dirt gets under your fingernails," cried the petite girl as she leapt down the hill and caught herself on another wide trunk. "It will be washed out in time." Tawariel brushed red hair from her face and gingerly stepped onto a flat place from behind her tree trunk. "Yes, in time, and that could be three weeks! With the ball coming up, I'd rather not dance with dirty fingernails." "Seriously, is it really that important?" the petite girl said. "After all, who goes around and studies the accumulation of dirt in people's fingernails?" Tawariel gave her friend a sideways glair. "Perhaps someone who is very particular, Cristiel." "Ah hah! It must be Lindir who you have set your pretty blue eyes upon." Cristiel grinned, feeling victorious at having finally found out her best friend's secret infatuation. Tawariel sighed. "Yes, it is Lindir. But do not speak of it so loudly. It would be embarrassing for anyone to find us in our current state." "What? You mean you do not like the patches of dirt on my face?" asked Cristiel sarcastically. Then raising her voice, she cried out into the valley, "I would love to see you two together! What a happy couple you would make!" Tawariel glared at her, but said nothing, then turned away, sputtering to herself. She turned again after she was through and put her hands on her hips. "What was it we came down here for in the first place?" "Oh, I was going to show you a lovely spot for picnics by the river, but if you cannot stomach the dirt any longer, then we can just turn back—" "No! No, we came all this way. Please show me." "I am teasing you. Come on. It's just behind this stand of trees." They pushed their way through thick underbrush and stumbled out into a clearing. It was a lush grassy hillock, situated within the light mist of a waterfall, with crystal clear water surrounding two sides and the river a third. A hidden oasis of natural beauty. "Dear Valar! I've never seen anything quite like this before. It's beautiful." Tawariel turned to her companion. "How did you manage to find it?" Cristiel collapsed into the soft grass. "I suppose when you have plenty of spare time to do what you wish, you have two choices. You could settle yourself safely and comfortably in a library and read to your heart's content, or you could go outside and enjoy the world that was created especially for you." Tawariel smiled. "I do love your sense of adventure. I only wish I shared it." Cristiel shrugged half-heartedly. "I suppose it runs in my family." At this comment, they both burst out laughing. "The last time—I saw your father—" Tawariel said between guffaws. "He looked like he—had deliberately rolled—through the mud." Cristiel scrunched her nose. "That would be my father. He's off in the Wild as we speak, probably wallowing in the mud again." She made a sore attempt at holding back another series of banters. A few minutes later the girls found themselves laying on their sides and clutching their stomachs. Every time they glanced at each other they giggled again, and uncontrollably. After several more minute, they were finally able to calm down, and Tawariel spoke. "Do you think they can hear us back in Imladris? We've been awfully loud." "We shall find out when we return, aye?" The elf nodded, a huge smile splitting her face. They sat in silence for sometime, simply enjoying each other's company. Then Tawariel had a thought. "How long have you been sword fighting?" The question surprised Cristiel, and she cocked her head in thought. "About, oh... twelve years? Yes, twelve years I believe. I started when I was eleven years old." "Dear Valar! You really do have audacious skills, you know." Cristiel snorted and plucked at the grass. "Not by a long shot. I cannot sing, cannot sew. I cannot shoot. I can barely ride a horse. You think I am audacious for that?" "For using a sword, yes. Not many women, especially human, can wield a blade quite like you do." "Well thank you for the compliment, but I am not one to brag." "Oh, believe me. I've watched you train with Elladan. You are audacious." "You really love that word. Audacious. It reminds me of 'awe inspiring' and 'clumsy' all at once." Tawariel laughed. "My vocabulary should thank my love of reading for that one." They laughed louder. The time passed without care, and Cristiel found herself waking up from a dream of distant lands, the bright sky above making her squint. The sun was at an early afternoon position, not yet two o' clock. Tawariel was resting by the side of the pool created by the waterfall, dangling her feet in the clear water, and Cristiel came to join her. "Did you enjoy your nap?" asked the elf. "Yes, I think. I don't even remember falling asleep. I suppose the perfect weather today might have had something to do with it." Tawariel smiled. "I'll never understand how you Dunedain can suddenly fall unconscious, and then wake up later, on cue, and feel bright and refreshed. I shall never understand it!" "And you have no need to. You are elf-kind. I am not. That is our only difference." Tawariel raised an eyebrow. "I beg to differ." "Alright, so we do have our differences. But opposites can attract too." "Yes..." They sat silent for a while, dangling their feet in the crystal clear pool and watching as tiny fish nibbled at their toes. "Oh, I've just thought of something," said Tawariel. "What is that?" "Well, since you know about my—how shall I say it—pining for Lindir, I would love to know if you have your eye on anyone, even an elf." "I—well—I guess I have never really 'liked' anyone, if you take my meaning. Elves are just too... oh, I can't say it! It might hurt you." "Please say it. Honesty is a wonderful trait, and I don't care how brutal." Cristiel sent her friend a timid sideways look. "Elves are just too perfect." Tawariel raised both of her eyebrows and sat quietly for a moment. "I warned you." Tawariel sighed. "Yes, you did. So if we elves are not quite to your liking, then perhaps you will meet a Man one day." Cristiel laughed. "Yes, I shall one day marry a filthy ranger, not unlike my father, and we shall live together in the Wild, forever hunting wild beasts for our breakfast." Tawariel made a face at her friend's humor. "There are other Men in this world besides those of the North." "What makes you think I shall be venturing south anytime soon?" Cristiel received no response. "Tawariel?" The elf was not paying attention to her. Her blue eyes were fixed on the distant cliffs where the path entrance into Rivendell was hidden. "Look," she pointed to a white blur along the distant cliff path. "Lord Glorfindel has returned, and he bears a small person with him." She stood and proceeded to climb back up the hillside. "Tawariel, I don't have your elvish eyes. Are you bluffing?" "No! Come with me. I want to see who is with him." Cristiel reluctantly stood and followed her friend, who seemed very determined to get up the hill and back to Rivendell. -- As they crested the top of the hill and stumbled into a garden near the Hall of Fire, Tawariel grabbed Cristiel's hand and pulled her behind, running towards the gates of Rivendell. "Why are you so slow?" she asked her friend. "Because I have just climbed an impossibly steep hill which I had originally underestimated," said Cristiel, panting and out of breath. "Why do you have to be so quick?" Tawariel smirked and soon they came to the courtyard entrance of Rivendell. A large group of elves was standing in the center, surrounding Glorfindel and his great stallion, Asfaloth. They watched as the small person was lowered gently from the horse and carried away into Rivendell. He appeared to be unconscious. "Oh dear," whispered Tawariel. "Something serious is going on. Look." She nodded at Lord Glorfindel. His face was unusually strained, his eyes were dark, and his long, golden hair tousled and dirty, with several braids coming undone. "What did he get himself into?" muttered Cristiel. She had never seen the Balrog slayer in such disrepair before. The elven lord dismounted his horse as the crowd of elves slowly dispersed, and noticed the girls. Leading Asfaloth behind, he came over to them and bowed, and they curtsied back. His face immediately loosened and the corner of his mouth rose as he surveyed their condition. Tawariel blushed when she realized just how messy she probably looked, but Cristiel did not think twice about it and went straight to the question. "What happened to you, my lord? Who was the small person they carried from your horse?" "Before I answer that, I would like to know what you two have been up to. You look rather... disheveled." Tawariel looked at her friend in an irritated manner, and attempted to put her hair in order again. "Forgive us, my lord, but we were—" "Exploring," finished Cristiel. "What have you been doing?" The elven lord's face grew taut again. "I was on an errand for Lord Elrond. It was urgent business, and I cannot speak of it in the open." His blue eyes studied their faces intently, but the girls said nothing and simply smiled. Content they were satisfied with his answer, Glorfindel turned and led Asfaloth away. Then as if he remembered something else, he turned again and said from a distance, "Cristiel, try to practice a little restraint the next time you show yourself