A/N: Hello. Let me start by saying that I have never written for LOTR before, and I'm not exactly sure what I'm doing (that's no surprise, I never know what I'm doing). This was just an idea I toyed around with in my head for awhile and decided to write it down. So far, it's taking up eight and a half full (as in, front and back) pages in my notebook. It's movie-verse, it's for fun, and that's that. I was debating whether or not to cut out all the Elvish, but I put in a lot of time looking up translations and putting conversations together, so I decided to keep it in. Shorter phrases will be translated at the end, but conversations will be bolded in English alongside the Elvish. If I could not find translations for a conversation, know that entire sentences in italics are spoken in Elvish. And before anyone starts flaming me about my poor use of the Elvish language: I realize that I have used both Sindarin and Quenya. Deal with it. =) Sorry for confusion. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Book belongs to J.R.R. Tolkein, movie belongs to Peter Jackson and New Line. If I'd owned either one, Haldir would appear in more books, and Legolas would speak more in the movies. They make me swoon haha Without further ado, here we go... All was quiet as a soft breeze wove its way through the tall trees of Lothlórien. The sun shone brightly in the sky and elflings played happily in the cool grass. A lone elf and member of the Galadhrim was expertly perched on a high tree branch, keeping watch over the endless forest. Her light brown hair was pulled back into a braid close to her head, so it would keep away from her face. The longbow that had once belonged to her oldest brother Amrod was firmly in her grasp should its use be warranted quickly. Without removing her eyes from her assigned sector, she called out, " Mae govannen, heruamin! Please, join me if you wish." "And here I thought I had finally managed to sneak up on you, Silmarwen Tinehtelë." the blonde elf chuckled as he climbed to her position with ease. " Uuma dela, Haldir," she replied, "Not many are able." The ellon nodded and turned his gaze toward the wood as well. After a few moments, Silmarwen spoke again. "To what do I owe the pleasure of an on-duty visit from the Marchwarden of Lothlórien this afternoon?" "Must you call me that?" Haldir wrinkled his nose, "We have known each other since we were mere elflings. You are my best friend, call me by my name." The elleth laughed lightly. "I only jest, mellon nin , you know this. Have you come seeking counsel about a certain beautiful elleth you cannot seem to speak two words to? She is my cousin, you know. I could talk to her for you." "It is not about Inwë this time, but I shall keep that offer in mind," her friend retorted as his ears tinted red. "I came because we have become aware of a group of strangers traveling through our woods toward Caras Galadhon. I would like you to assist us as we find out what exactly it is they are doing. Calanon is prepared to take over your sector." Silmarwen looked at him, obviously intrigued. Haldir knew her curiosity would sway her into agreeing. He wanted her to come along for her strong ability to distinguish honesty from deception of others, and was glad when she hopped to the ground, landing gracefully. He soon followed suit and led her to another area of the forest. " Manen lyg? " she asked as they walked briskly. "We counted eight. There is a dwarf with them." Silmarwen sighed. "Fantastic." The pair quieted as they approached Orophin, Rúmil, and a few more of he Galadhrim. Haldir signaled for his brothers to follow him while Silmarwen took the others on the opposite side. Soon they had surrounded the strangers and waited for the right moment to make themselves known. The dwarf was speaking loudly when Haldir made his move. "I have the eyes of a hawk and the ears of a fox-" he puffed, but stopped abruptly as several bows held deadly arrows mere inches from his head. The rest of the group halted with him, one drawing his own bow in defense. "The dwarf breathes so loud we could have shot him in the dark," the Marchwarden spoke smoothly, earning a glare from the mountain dweller. Silmarwen immediately recognized the woodland elf who had raised his bow against them; one she had not seen in nearly a century. " Mae govannen, Legolas Thranduilion, " she breathed in happy disbelief. There was a spark in his eyes at the sight of her and he smiled slightly before looking to Haldir. " Govannas vîn qwennen le, Haldir o Lórien. " Our Fellowship stands in your debt, Haldir of Lórien. Haldir nodded once and turned to one of the men of the party, " A Aragorn in Dúnedain, istannen le ammen. " Aragorn of Dúnedain, you are known to us. " Haldir o Lórien. Henio aníron, boe ammen I dulu lîn. Boe ammen veriad lîn, " the ranger replied, bowing his head. Haldir of Lórien. We come here for help. We need your protection. The ranking elf looked to the remaining members of the group, assessing each of them. Two men, an elf, a dwarf, and four hobbits. One halfling with curly dark brown hair caught his attention in particular. Even from yards away he could feel the evil this little one carried. Something had to be done; such evil should not have come to the Golden Wood. "You bring great evil with you," he spoke urgently, "You can go no further." He quickly strode away from the group, followed closely by Aragorn who began speaking frantically in Elvish, trying to change the Marchwarden's mind. The sun had begun to give way to the moon as the two conversed quietly yet firmly. Silmarwen had observed all with silent curiosity, noticing Haldir's reaction to the most weary-looking Shireling. Once she directed her gaze to him, she too felt a thick blanket of dread and foreboding. She could not dwell on it for long; an elf she had not laid eyes on in some time was making his way to her. She smiled and met him with a warm embrace. " Tenn' oio cenelya alassë, " he said softly. Ever is your sight a joy. " Lúmë anta avánië, Legolas. " It has been too long, Legolas. The blonde bowman nodded. " Ist nîn be nau gîn. Órenya linda tyë-cenien, Silmarwen. Vanesselya síla tenna haiya. " I agree. My heart sings to see you, Silmarwen. Your beauty shines far. The elleth felt a slight heat rise and flow through her cheeks as she ducked her head, smiling. " Hannon le. Ma caril sinomë? Ma carnë len? " Thank you. What are you doing here? What happened to you? Legolas did not get the chance to answer her as Haldir turned to the group and ordered, "Follow me." Haldir and his brothers led the group through the forest and into the night. Silmarwen took her place near the front with her Marchwarden, her sharp eyes watchful for any unwelcome guests. The trek passed in silence until the rising sun spurred the birds into their morning songs. It was then that the most wondrous city of Lothlórien came into view. "Caras Galadhon," Haldir announced proudly, "The heart of Elvendom on earth. Realm of the Lord Celeborn and of Galadriel, Lady of Light." Silmarwen watched the wonder and amazement grow on the faces of the four young hobbits and smiled widely. She had no doubt that the had most likely never seen such a sight before. She knew little of halflings, but knew that they were content creatures, most of them never leaving the Shire their entire lives. It brought back to her mind the first times she had seen Imladris and Mirkwood. Both vastly different from her home, and from each other, but both absolutely magnificent. Her thoughts were interrupted by a small, almost sheepish voice. "Em, excuse me, um..." She looked down at the nervous hobbit with curly light hair. "My name is Silmarwen Tinehtelë, Master Hobbit," she supplied kindly, "You may call me Silmarwen." "I'm Peregrin Took properly, but most folk just call me Pippin." He fidgeted for a moment before speaking again. "Is it...is it alright if I ask a question?" She grinned at him. "Of course, Peregrin Took." The hobbit blushed at the beautiful elf saying his full name. "Oh, em...how much longer until we can stop walking?" Silmarwen laughed melodiously at his innocent question. She had long been used to walking, marching, and even running extremely long distances often, but realized that Pippin, in all likelihood, was not. "The city is not very much farther, my young friend. We should be arriving sometime between late afternoon and mid-evening. Once we arrive, the hike will not seem as long, I assure you." She let out another soft chuckle when his shoulders sagged and he nodded dejectedly. She patted his head comfortingly before he trudged back over to his friends. The now vacant space beside her was soon filled again by none other than Legolas. "The little ones are not accustomed to this amount of travel. These past few days have been difficult for us all," he whispered, a sad glint in his eyes. The elleth carefully inspected her friend's face. Given the time to really see him, he seemed weary and had dirt smudged on his cheeks and forehead. Concern for him filled her heart. " Are you alright? "she asked. Legolas stared off into the distance, contemplating what to say. He sighed, " The past days have been rough. " Silmarwen placed a gentle hand on his shoulder, his own soon covering it. He looked at her and forced a smile onto his face. " It does me much good to see you, " he said, " I do hope all has been well with you. How is your family? I had heard young Rilien was finally able to follow his siblings into the service of Galadriel. " At the mention of her youngest brother, Silmarwen felt an ache in her heart. Indeed, he had joined her, their brothers, and their father. " Both he and Amrod have departed this world to the Halls of Mandos. They were cut down by ambushing orcs not two summers ago. " Sadness again showed on the prince's face at the news of the loss of his friends. " Hiro hyn hîdh ab 'wanath. I am sorry. What of the rest of your kin? " Silmarwen focused on the designs etched into her bow as they continued walking. She knew every inch of these woods by heart; she had no need to watch where she was going. " Little Merenwen has lately begun learning the ways of healing, like my mother. Rimedur and Arandur are stationed on the opposite border of the forest. Ada still makes the most beautiful bows and swords in the realm. " Legolas nodded and watched his feet. They continued on in a comfortable silence. The two elves had known each other for centuries; they did not feel the need to fill the air with constant speech. They were content in just knowing the other was there. The Fellowship and their escorts finally entered the city during the evening, greeted by Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel. The Lady focused her gaze on Frodo as Celeborn addressed the group as a whole. "The Enemy knows you have entered here. What hope you had in secrecy is now gone," he spoke regally as he assessed the many present, "Eight there are here, yet nine there were set out from Rivendell. Tell me, where is Gandalf?