*Peeta* The horrible shirk woke me again tonight. Not that I slept that good anyway, but it was the fear that pulsed through my vanes that I dreaded the most when I heard it. Katniss, having another nightmare, just like every other night for the last month that I had been back. Even a house away I could hear her cries. I just couldn't take it anymore. I had to go do something to help her. Without thinking farther I downed my prosthetic leg and boots, grabbed my walking cane it always helped when I was tired, and made my way over. It was a warm night, which made it easier on my leg, the cold seamed to cause it some discomfort. Thankfully the door was unlocked and I slipped inside. I saw the kitchen light on down the hall and made my way to it. She heard my before I was half way there. But really I wasn't trying to be stealthy; sneaking up on her would have only made it worse. "Go away Peeta, I can do this myself!" I could hear the tears and scowl in her voice. I continued walking till I could see her. She looked terrible, sickly, thin, and bragged. My poor beautiful Katniss was nothing more than a shell of the amazing woman I once knew. Pain filled my heart seeing her like this. The urge to protect her and console her overpowered me; instinctively I hobbled to her side and wrapped my arms around her boney frame. For a split second I feared she would push me away or attack, but my some miracle she didn't. Instead all the weight in her body collapsed onto me as if she all the sodden needed me, which in all actuality she did. She wasted no time bursting into a sobbing fit once again. I did all I could by whispering calming words into her ear and rubbing circles on her back. This lasted for a good hour before she calmed down even a little bit. But I remained strong for her, I had to, she needs me. I would do anything for Katniss, be anything for her, because I still love her so much. Eventually I coxed her into the living room and onto the couch I grabbed an afghan from the back and cocooned her in it. She made a nervous wine when I left her side to start a fire but I assured her I would return and not to worry. In the process I brought her back a glass of water and a bowl of stew I found in the refrigerator. She needed to eat something; it probably wasn't helping her mood to starve herself. Katniss made a face at it the second I set it by her on the end table. "Please Katniss, eat the food, I don't want you to be hungry." I pleaded with her, taking her hand and forcing the spoon into it. After a few tentative bites I was satisfied for the night. I had her drink the water then pulled her on to my lap and cradled her head on the shoulder. She made a contented 'mmm' noise and breathed deep. "Want to talk about it?" I whispered watching the fire flicker. She shifted a bit and shook her head. "Okay, we don't have to." I replied. We stayed that way until she fell back to sleep. Carefully I picked her up and carried her back to bed. Just after I set her down she grabbed on to my night shirt with a death grip, suddenly awake again. "Don't leave." She whispered, yet yelled it at the same time. "I need you too much Peeta." I sighed softly and scooted in beside her. Emedeatly she curled into my side and laid her head on my chest. I kissed the top of her head and wished her a good night sleep. I didn't fall asleep or some time. Watching Katniss like this was always a great past time for me. She always looks so peaceful, but only when I'm with her. Sometimes her mouth will form words I can't understand but most often it's my name that slips out as she nuzzles closer. Too soon, it feels like, I fall asleep holding the woman that holds me to this Earth, Katniss. I wake to Greasy Sae's gasp at seeing me in Katniss bed with my arms protectively around her. Katniss is still asleep in my arms, probably from all the nights of lacking in sleep. She needs her rest the poor sweet thing. I make the 'shush' sign at the old woman and point at Katniss. I wriggle out of under her and it is not ten seconds later that she is fitful and wakes up. She rubs her eyes then looks sleepily up at Greasy Sae and me. I sit back down and start rubbing her back and pushing lose hairs from her face. "Good morning, Katniss. When were you going to tell me that you and Peeta were having sleepovers?" Sae demands a little too harshly. I protectively pull Katniss close to me and respond to the question. "She needs me Sae I can't take the crying every night. It's not her fault but if I can be here to make it better I'm going to be." "That's very noble of you Peeta but did you ever think that she might want to be alone?" she rebuttals. "But…I don't…want to be alone….I'm better when Peeta is here…" Katniss voice was crackly and strained. I could tell she might start a crying fit again, so I pulled her onto my lap and held her tighter. "Shush…I'm here. I'm here. I promise I'm not going anywhere." I soothed her. Turning back to Sae I told her that it was kind to take care of Katniss in my absences but from now on it would be my job to help her. She only left after I agreed to call her if I needed anything and that she would drop by once a week. After she was gone I heated up more of the stew for breakfast. I forced a few more bites down her and sent her up to shower. Sae hadn't been doing such a good job in the cleanliness department. When she was out, dried, and fresh clothing on I had her walk back to my house so I could grab a few things for the day. In the mist of my packing her tiny voice rings out in the quite house. "Um…Peeta?" she whispered, almost seaming frightened. I was by her side in a heartbeat. "What is it Katniss?" "I can help take your stuff to my house, if you want to. That way you don't have to come back and forth all the time. I have a lot of extra space, and it would be nice to have it, you know…lived in…what way the…" she cut off at this point and the terror in her eyes told me not to push the last bit out. "If you really want me to I can. But it's your house and your choice." I told her. As much as I wanted to move in and live with her I didn't want to pressure her into anything too soon. Keeping her safe and happy was more important to me than my own selfish desires. Heck, it was practically my life goal. She closed her eyes and leaned into me a little more. "I'd like that a lot Peeta. Please come live with me?" Not having much to my name I was moved in in half an hour. The room I took the most space in was the kitchen but Katniss didn't mine. It was quick a fleeting moment but I believe I even caught her smile as I moved my new baking equipment into the cupboards. I took the empty room next to hers to keep my clothing and art supplies in. Katniss kept saying I could sleep in there if her fits got to annoying for me. I hushed her the second it was out of her mouth. "No I'll be fine. That's when you need me most and I won't abandon you." Without warning she crossed the few yards between us and simultaneously wrapped her arms around me and crashed her mouth to mine. Stumbling back I landed on the bed and took her with me. The moment seemed like hours or even days but really only lasted a few seconds. When she pulled away her face was pink and flushed. Not knowing what to say or do I did the only thing I could think of and kissed her again. I was worried that she would change her mine and pull away but thankfully and wonderfully she didn't. As we tried to regain our breath she leaned down and whispered in my ear. "What did I ever do to deserve a kind gentle man like you Peeta?" The statement sent shivers down my spine. I tightened my grip around her still bony body and whispered back. "Saved my life a few hundred times. You're even saving it now and you just don't realize it." I paused for a seconds to breath her in. She smelled like the woods, even though I could guess she hadn't been in them for weeks. After so many years out there the sent had begun to cling to her and was her. "Come on we need to get some food in you. What do you want for lunch?" She pondered this for a second and for the first time in a long time smiled up at me. I was so distracted by the sight that I didn't hear what she asked for the first time. "What was that you said?" "Cheese buns!" she exclaimed again. And that's when it happened. I snapped. Something evil triggered in me and set my brain into a tail spin. Then everything went black. *Katniss* I was so happy to have Peeta with me again. I had missed him so much I couldn't stand it much longer. It had taken me years to realize it but I really did love this man. He was so kind and loving how could I not? Peeta was what I needed most in life. He is the bight happy sunshine on my darkest days, a sweet dandelion to drag me from the abyss that threatened to swallow me every second of everyday. When he was holding me or even near me I could think of nothing but him. The way he smelled, like sugar and cinnamon. The way his soft voice rang in my ears, filling my heart with kind thoughts and love. Even the way he's body was always protecting mine, weather he was holding me or not. But the way he looked at me know filled my heart with fear. His beautiful blue eyes turned solid black and all the color drained from his rosy skin. I knew he was having an attack and I didn't know what to do to help him. After he had saved me from my fits so many nights I had to help him. I tried to get away from him knowing he could hurt me, or even kill me. As I wriggled in his arms he all too quickly started yelling at me in gibberish, grabbed my wrists and pulling me about a foot off the ground. "MUTT YOU LUERED ME HERE TO KILL ME!" Peeta shouted in an almost demonic voice that was so far from his own. Even his sent had changed to something dark and pungent. Not he usual, sweet and spice small, that calmed me many nights. "No, Peeta, no. It's me Katniss. Remember you love me, you always have. Snow did this to you, because he tried to take you away from me. Not real, Peeta not real." I pleaded and cried at him. He