It was, perhaps, a sick injustice that after the war, Hermione Granger was shoved into Azkaban. The Golden Trio became a Duo once the ministry realised everything they'd done on their hunt for horcruxes – everything Hermione had done – stealing, casting unauthorised protective spells, taking away people's memories… It was like Harry and Ron had been expecting this backlash, for they weren't surprised when Hermione received her letter of summons. They seemed more relieved that it wasn't addressed to them. The trial was short and bittersweet. Harry and Ron weren't allowed to accompany her – they assured her they would if they could, but didn't wake up early enough to send her off or say goodbye – so Hermione walked alone past the Department of Mysteries to the old courtrooms, dedicated specifically for war crimes. "Miss Hermione Granger, you are sentenced for the following charges: unauthorised use of magic, performing an Unforgiveable Curse…" Hermione vaguely realised she hadn't done that, but it was Harry who cast it, but she didn't deny it; her going to Azkaban was hard enough, she didn't want Harry in there too. Besides, denying it made her look guilty. "… Stealing during war time, avoiding capture and being a known, wanted fugitive of the law…" A lot of fancy words that condemned her for staying alive. Still, Hermione kept her mouth shut. She knew she was going to Azkaban, but she also knew Harry would get her out. "What do you plead?" "Not guilty," Hermione said automatically. Mentally she chastised herself; pleading guilty would have made her look like she was doing penance, and perhaps her sentence would be shorter for her honesty… oh well, it was too late to take it back. The Wizengamot had finished deliberating. "… Miss Granger, you have been sentenced to precisely three years of Azkaban from this date, the twentieth day of July. Court dismissed." Hermione felt numb. She'd miss Harry's birthday. Rough hands grabbed her upper arms and began leading her through a backdoor. "Let me go," Hermione demanded, shaking herself out of her reverie. She tried to pull her arm out of the grip, but to no avail. She'd have bruises. "Let me go, I said! Do you know who I am? You should be thanking me for saving the world, not forcing me into jail!" "Be quiet, of course we know who you are," one of her holders snapped. "But you still have to pay for your crimes, otherwise the court isn't just, do you understand?" Of course she understood. That didn't mean she liked it. "Three years is unfair," Hermione replied stubbornly. "Can I at least get changed?" "No," her other capturer said, and that was all Hermione remembered before waking up in a dank, dark cell. Hermione's prim and perfect dark blue skirt and blazer had long since turned to a dirty black. She was thrown, upon arrival, the typical striped outfit most prisoners wore, but Hermione refused to change into it, instead opting to use it as a pillow. She would change into it when her current clothes were falling off her skin. In saying that, they weren't doing too well. Hermione had lost track of the days in her mind after about two weeks, and her body clock was messed up since she couldn't see the sky. It could be night time, six months after her arrival. Or it could be morning, a month after her sentence. She just didn't know. She could only guess, judging by the state of her clothes – filthy black from the greasy floor she was on, and tattered from the stone walls. She didn't want to think about what her hair looked like, though it felt heavy and oily against her fingers. Prisoners were only allowed a shower occasionally for two minutes under cold water. Hermione wondered if it was worth it. The level of Azkaban she was on she didn't know. Her cell wasn't mouldy or moist, so Hermione figured it wasn't near the bottom, closer to the sea. The utmost top levels were reserved for the most fierce, most deserving prisoners, where Dementors patrolled constantly, so Hermione assumed she was not up there. Dementors only passed her cell once a day, if that. They had sucked all of Hermione's memories out of her. She could remember Hogwarts – its stone walls so different from the ones she was caged with, the icy air from the Astronomy Tower bearing a resemblance to the air in her prison. When she thought of her classes, of the Weasley's, of her grades, she didn't feel joy like she knew she should. It was just a memory with no emotional strings attached. There were a few memories that startled her, because they made her feel something. Memories of hate and loathing, of fierce anger. Voldemort. Dumbledore, occasionally. Draco Malfoy. Bellatrix Lestrange. Once, she thought of Harry and Ron and succumbed into the intense resentment she felt, for they left her here to rot in Azkaban – it could be months since she'd gotten here and she hadn't received a single letter from them. Hermione felt her dislike for them run in her bones. Hermione chuckled at the irony. Her best friends were now her jailors. Oh, how she hated them. "Hermione?" Hermione's head tilted slowly to the side. She recognised that voice, but did she imagine it? She had just been thinking of him, after all… Hermione looked towards the bars of her cell and there was no mistaking that hair. "Well," Hermione murmured, her voice slow and croaky from lack of use. "Fancy seeing you here, Malfoy." Draco gulped visibly and the guard who stood a few feet behind him rolled his eyes. "What are you doing here?" he asked Hermione. "Enjoying a holiday," Hermione drawled. Slowly, she tried to stand and managed after only a few stumbles. Prison life did not suit her. "What the hell do you THINK?" she yelled, tripping forward to land on the bars. Draco backed away hurriedly. "How… how long have you been here?" Draco asked. "What's the date?" "Thirty first of December." "I've been in here since the twentieth of July," Hermione said. If nothing else, that date stuck in her head. "That's over five months. Didn't take long to crack me, did it?" Hermione gave a single laugh, completely void of humour. "Happy fucking New Year to me, and what's my reward for lasting yet another miserable year? A visit from Draco Malfoy. Yipee." "Time to go," the guard said, moving on. Draco remained still, staring at Hermione with wide eyes, unable to look away. Like a train wreck. Blinking, Draco threw the guard a small bag. "I'm not going to see Lucius anymore," he said firmly. "Tell no one." The guard bowed and disappeared out of Hermione's line of sight. Draco cautiously stepped forward and sat as close to the bars as he could. He peered at her through them. "I'm honoured that you find me more interesting than your father, Malfoy," Hermione said, sinking down onto the floor to sit as well. "I'm just astounded that you haven't been busted out yet," he said casually. Hermione hadn't noticed, but there was a newspaper tucked underneath Draco's arm. "Not much of a Golden Trio if one's stuck in jail, eh?" "Not really," Hermione said. "Do people still call us that?" "Not really." They lapsed into silence and Hermione couldn't help but wonder why he was there. Staring at her like she was crazy. "Why are you here?" she asked at last. "With me instead of your father?" "I'm here with you because it's interesting to see how low you've sunk," Draco said, leaning forward. "It's intriguing to know that this is the fate your so called best friends have left you to. It's empowering to know that you don't even realise why you're here, and I do." Hermione wasn't falling for that. She couldn't even find it within herself to care that Draco was being a jerk. "What happened to your father?" Hermione asked instead. Draco, seeing that he wasn't going to get a rise out of her, slumped. " Lucius is going to receive the Kiss in a week," he said. "Mother forced me to come say goodbye. She's waiting outside." "Too bad," Hermione said heartlessly. Draco shrugged, equally unbothered. "They dobbed you in, you know." It took Hermione a minute to realise that Draco was referring to Harry and Ron. Her brainpower wasn't what it used to be. She raised a brow, gesturing for Draco to continue. "The ministry was going to put all three of you in here, but they shifted the blame onto you because you're the best at magic, and therefore it was the best cover up." "They wouldn't," Hermione said automatically, but she didn't know why she was so defensive all of a sudden. She knew deep down that she was stuck in Azkaban thanks to her friends, and once she was released she'd still be alone. "The strange thing is, I don't think they expected you to go along with it. Sometimes I wonder if they knew you at all. You took it like a good soldier because you didn't want to hurt your friends. And here you are, rotting away in a cell, whilst they're living the highlife and have forgotten all about you." "I doubt they've forgotten all about me," Hermione snorted, acting with more confidence than she really felt. Draco handed her the newspaper through the bars and Hermione took it gingerly, unfolding it to reveal the front page. Ronald Weasley… Engaged! Hermione threw it back to Draco. "What do I care?" she asked. "Ron never liked me anyway." Draco cleared his throat. " Mister Ronald Weasley, war hero, has recently announced his engagement to the beauty Lavender Brown. 'What does the rest of the Golden Trio think of this latest news?' I asked the celebrity. Ronald gave me a winning smile. 'Harry is all for it,' he said. 'Supports me in everything!'" "Stop," Hermione said harshly, but Draco continued reading the article. " ' And Hermione Granger?" I asked. 'Who?' Ronald eloquently replied. 'Oh, um, we haven't really spoken lately. I'm sure she's happy though.'" Draco lowered the newspaper slowly. "The general story is that you moved out of the country to find your parents," he said solemnly. Hermione pursed her lips. "But they're dead," Hermione whispered. "Harry knows that." "It's just a cover story," Draco said. "They knew that no one would question your absence if they had a good enough story." "And you?" Hermione demanded. "You knew it was a cover up?" "Yes," Draco admitted. "How?" "I was one of the people who had to question them. They didn't try to pay me off or anything, but when Potter blamed you for the Unforgiveable I knew he was lying. You didn't have that sort of magic inside you." Draco tilted his head, letting his blonde hair fall into his eyes. "Though, you might have it now, now that you've experienced the hatred that comes with being a prisoner." "I've never felt anything like it before," Hermione whispered. The more she spoke to Draco, the more she realised how odd her feelings were, and how insane she had felt before seeing someone normal. "I'm not suited for Azkaban, Malfoy. Torture is one thing. Prolonged exposure to… to this place … is another." "I know," Draco said. Lapsing into silence once more, Hermione's head whirled. It felt clearer than it had at any time over the past five months. "You said that you wondered if Harry and Ron ever knew me at all," Hermione remembered. "Almost like you do." Draco nodded once. "I'm not an expert, Granger," Draco said stiffly. "But I'm not daft." "Are you going to tell them that you saw me?" "We aren't friends, you know. I don't talk to them at all." " Will you tell them?" Draco looked at her sympathetically. "Do you