Hello, so this is my re-written version of chapter one. Looking back at my first chapter was actually quite painful. The poor writing was a bit hard to swallow and probably not at all appealing to readers. So I rewrote it. Hopefully it goes a bit better with the rest of the story and is all-around better written. Thank you! Disclaimer : I do not own Percy Jackson. All rights go to Rick Riordan/span/p Annabeth's POV "Stop!" "I'm sorry." Then a scream pierced the air. "Annabeth!" A shout broke the silence of the morning, waking waking me with a jolt. I groaned, burying my face in my pillow. There was a dream… Something dangerous was happening. A battle? What was happening? My thoughts wandered as I laid in the blissful silence. "ANNABETH! Daddy says that you have to get up now!" The shriek rang out once again, more persistent this time. "Bobby, go away!" I groaned. "Can't I sleep?" Why was Bobby waking me up on a Sunday? "Annie, daddy said to get up now!" "Don't call me Annie! Besides, a few more minutes can't hurt." I replied shutting my eyes tighter as I grasped at the remainders of my dream. There was a storm coming. Something was about to happen and- "Yeah it can. It can make you late for school!" My eyes snapped open and immediately shot to my calendar: Monday April 21 . I bit back a curse as I fell out of bed. "Right! Coming, coming. Just give me a few minutes! What time is it now?" I asked, scrambling around my room trying to get my clothes together. I threw a pair of jeans and a t-shirt on as I rushed into my bathroom. "Um... it's 6:45." The urge to curse hit me once more as I vivaciously tugged at my blond curls. My only chance to get to school on time was to catch the subway which was scheduled for 6:50am. "Thanks, Bobby. Tell dad I'm up, okay?" With a defeated groan, I gave up on my hair, choosing to instead start searching my room for my books. "Yeah, whatever Annie." His feet made a thundering sound as he rocketed down the stairs, fully aware of the use of the nickname I despised so much. "Don't call me Annie!" Surrounded by obnoxious kids and solemn adults, I stared out at the passing lights. I never really liked using the subway, the feeling of willing putting myself in such a vulnerable position nerve racking. Dark and enclosed spaces were never my favorite, especially since I was a demigod. Monsters seemed to like picking fights when they could hide in the dark. Demigod. I thought, a bitter-sweet tang coming to me. Sometimes I wish... I shook my head. There was no point in pondering over what I could not change. Instead, I let another topic occupy my thoughts. Why had I been so incredibly out of it that morning? I naturally had a fairly good sense of time and being an entire day behind schedule was unheard of for me. I must've stayed up much later talking to Thalia last night. It probably created the illusion that it was a Saturday, therefore setting my internal clock back a day. My mind reasoned as I stepped off of the subway, turning towards the dirty stairs. As I sped towards Goode High in the early morning light of New York City, another brilliant revelation wandered through my thoughts. Thalia was talking to me. I have no idea what she was telling me. I am in so much trouble. "Annabeth!" I turned around to see Thalia's electric blue eye staring right at me as she strode towards me. She wore her normal black jeans and combat boots, her bands t-shirt hidden by the leather jacket that draped around her shoulders as always. "Hey, Thalia! How was your weekend?" I asked politely, shutting my locker as I turned to face her fully. The girl let out an exaggerated groan, leading me towards the entrance of the school. The crowd was thinning, giving me a clearer view of the street outside. "Too freaking long! I've waited for this day since I was five! I can't believe he's gonna go to the same school as us after so long!" I raised an eyebrow questionably. I had never seen her so enthusiastic about someone transferring to our school before. I was just about to voice my question when Thalia's cousin, Nico, strode up to us. "Thalia, have you seen him yet? I haven't spotted him all morning." Nico spared a quick glance at me. He and Thalia seemed to have a competition going for who could wear the most black for the longest amount of time. It was rather amusing watching them argue who looked better in the color when it really did suit them both. "Oh hey, Annabeth. I guess Thalia probably filled you in on what's going on, right?" "She did, actually. I just sorta forgot." I offered them an apologetic smile, internally bracing myself for Thalia's reaction. "What?" Thalia's voice was distracted as she turned to me, her anger halfhearted. "Annie, how could you forget? I was only talking for three hours!" "I'm sorry! I had to finish last minute homework." My weak excuse barely seemed to register for her. Instead, Thalia sighed before taking my arm and leading me closer to the doors. I took a swift glance at the clock. 20 minutes till class . I thought, gazing about the front street. Taxis and cars created a steady stream of traffic up the road. "Thalia, why are we standing at the front doors?" My eyes searched for anything out of the ordinary, as I crossed my arms over my grey T-shirt. "Well if you listened, you'd know exactly why!" She replied, obviously still a little miffed about my lack of listening. "I'm sorry, okay? You know how I get when I'm doing schoolwork." I looked up to see not her expected expression of annoyance in her eyes, but excitement. "Okay, listen this time." She told me, her eyes flitting back to the street every few seconds. "My cousin is moving here from Long Island. I have only seen him like a handful of times since I moved here when I was little. Although we haven't seen each other in a while, we were always close and kept in contact. He's even good friends with Mr. Antisocial over there." She said jabbing a finger to where Nico was standing. Surprisingly he only rolled his eyes at her before he continued to scan the grounds. "Okay." I said trying to spur her forward since she also seemed to be content to stare out at the road. "Right, anyway. So he's a really great guy and he's going to transfer to Goode today." Thalia finished. A giddy smile slowly stretched across her face, "I can't wait to seem him!" I smiled inwardly as I caught the rare expression on the normally sarcastic and stoic face. I had never seen her so energetic and happy. Glancing back at the rode, I couldn't help but feel that this guy was someone special. "Hey, Thals, if you don't mind too much, I'm going to go to class." I had been waiting for Thalia and Nico's cousin until five minutes till class, which was a record for me. "Yeah yeah, sure, Annie." Thalia replied, never tearing her eyes from the road. I rolled my eyes at the name. "Don't call me Annie." I called over my shoulder as I head to my first class. As I walked into my history class, I glanced around at the familiar surroundings. The old book shelf at the corner of the room that no one uses. The rows of desks facing the old chalk board. Yeah, chalkboard. Our history teacher, Mr. Smith, is very old-fashioned. I swear, if he could still whack us with rulers when we misbehaved, he would do it with a smile. I sighed and took my seat at the front of the class. In the next few minutes the rest of the students trickled in, taking their seats and pulling out their homework with collective sighs. Piper sat down on my right, greeting me with a wave. Piper was, and still is, a smart, adventurous girl with the looks to knock anyone down. However she always played down her looks and is as sweet and modest as you could get. She is half Cherokee consequently giving her beautiful brown hair and tan skin. She had a huge crush on Thalia's brother, Jason. I guess Jason was good-looking. He had blond spiky hair, cut in a military form. He has blue eyes like Thalia, but that's pretty much the only thing they share besides their parents. You see, Thalia is a punk. She loves heavy metal and rock, which to me, just sounds like a bunch of screaming toddlers with pots and pans. She wears a black leather jacket every day and some outfit with spikes. Her hair is cut short with spikes everywhere and she wears heavy mascara and black eyeliner. Jason on the other hand, is the little angle. He had a perfect attendance record, perfect grades (enough to rival mine, though not quite as good) and a perfect personality. He even had the looks to prove it. With his blond hair and blue eyes, he had a ton of girls chasing him. I didn't really know him enough to judge him, but he seemed like an okay guy. As a bonus, Piper liked him, and she had an excellent judge for character. Ripped from my thoughts by the obnoxiously loud bell, Mr. Smith walked in carry an armful of books. He set the books down on his desk neatly before turning to address the class. "Good morning." A hollow chorus of "good morning"s echoed back to him which seemed to satisfy Mr. Smith enough. "Okay, class, please take your seats. Today we will being our new unit on Ancient Greece." Mr. Smith clears his throat before he began an introduction to the lecture on our new unit. He speaks about the geographical features and the dangers they presented to the Greeks. I readied my pencil, waiting for the lecture to begin. Nico and Thalia always teased me for being so smart without trying, yet holding that reputation wasn't always easy. Children of Athena were naturally born with quicker minds, yet that didn't mean that I could skip studying and notes. It just meant there was more of an expectation on my shoulders. Before I could submerge any farther into my own thoughts yet again, Mr. Smith's dull drone started to buzz through the air. "And here are your textbooks. Treat them well, I expect them in perfect condition by the end of the year." I glance up from my notes. Mr. Smith was passing out thick green textbooks down the rows. Once I had received mine and passed the others to the people behind me I peered at the cover. It said, "Ciaten Ecerge". Stupid dyslexia . I thought in irritation. Thankfully, if I concentrated hard enough on the words, I could make them out... eventually. It might not be a great method, but it's better than Thalia and Nico who also have dyslexia. Their "method" is to get frustrated and start throwing books around. In fact, all my friends have dyslexia, Piper, Reyna, Thalia, Nico, Hazel, Leo, even perfect Jason, for a very specific reason of course... "Okay class, have a good day. Make sure to read pages 228-244." Mr. Smith said as we made our way to the door. A groan was heard from the students as they filed out. After five other periods of learning I was exhausted. Luckily for me, sixth period was my lunch and eighth was my break. The rest of the day would be pretty easy. I walked to the cafeteria, anxious to see my friends