HALSION DAYS by Mirwalker "Alas for us all! And for all that walk the world in these after-days. For such is the way of it: to find and lose, as it seems to those whose boat is on the running stream." --Legolas to Gimli, in Farewell to Lorien, Chapter VIII, The Lord of the Rings NOTE: This story is a sequel to my previous LOTR story, Travel as the Sun . I would suggest reading that first for plot and character backstory. Chapter One His literally sharp ears detected no sound, while his pointed nose found only the faintest, if ever present, scent of pine. From those same trees, he sensed nothing amiss; yet, he could not shake the inexplicable tension that had surrounded him as he climbed this rise along the cliffside. Peering cautiously around him, he crept forward as the underbrush thickened among the less sparse trunks. The trampled brush had clearly led in this direction. Though the destruction was not so great as in the softer growth further back toward camp, whatever had been uprooting trees and destroying their newly planted saplings certainly seemed to have passed this way as well. Having tracked it this far, he knew the princes would be pleased to know who or what had been sabotaging their restoration in the past weeks. Ahead, he heard a heavy rustling. Looking about, he decided the dense limbs and foliage of the trees here would make taking to them useless. Notching an arrow in his bow, he inched forward toward the thicket ahead, mindful of the narrowing shelf that dropped off well to his right. Above the ledge, the cliff reached out into the air, creating an overhang—a perfect location for a nest or den. But for what? Picking his way slowly, he paused between each step to reassess and reacquire the prey. Moving cautiously toward the grotto, he strained all his senses to sense the strain with which the woods around him coursed. Expecting to find only some subtle traces of his prey, he was surprised when, there among the rocks, a great shape heaved mightily in the shadows. Shadows! An anxiety he'd not felt since Mirkwood was still Mirkwood swept through him. And yet, this was not quite the same; where the haunts of Mirkwood had felt clearly wrong and evil, this was simply… not right. He squinted and sniffed, trying to make out the nature and notion of this unsettling and unfamiliar presence. Both of them. All! A motion beside him. A roar as near as loud. A large, dark shape above him. A step aside to avoid it, finding nothing below his foot. Falling… Miles to the northwest, along the same tall ridge, grew a small settlement, remarkable in that it blended with the forest around it in ways so simple and ingenuous that one could not help but marvel at its organic unity. If one noticed it at all. It was built, in fact, with the eye-pleasing invisibility that only elves could craft. Among the few men who had ever seen any elven community, and among the fewer still who had returned to tell, this collection of clustered groundhomes and scattered tree flets would have suggested a particularly plain elegance. Not even a single hand's count of humans would know by appearance that this place had been built by the humblest of elves, the simple woodfolk of Silvan kindred. For, though many mortals had heard that the tree spirits had come down from the Great Mirkwood, not one elf had been glimpsed among the trees since they took leave of the King and Prince and entered the forest to make it well and make it home more than two generations ago. For even among the Elves, both those earlier realms and those few scattered enclaves still remaining, this group was reclusive. Though the Dark Lord had passed and his minions scattered, these elves in their former forest home had learned well the security of secrecy, and had continued that caution beyond the clear dangers of the last age. Their shy and secluded nature had served them well in the last centuries among dragons, goblins and Shadow. And now they had little interest in seeing or being seen by men, as their work on the forests was great and their stay in the woods of Ithilien was to be brief. Indeed, even of Elessar, King of the West, and Faramir, Prince of Ithilien, who both had given permission for the elves to settle and renew these forests—neither had actually visited in the more than five dozen years since the elven sanctuary of Dundaur(1) had been established. When counsel was needed, a beacon fire was lit on Cair Andros, a messenger was sent to a simple marker along the forest's river edge, and always an elf would come to meet him there. Within days of that message, the settlement's leader would appear as requested in the court at Edoras, Emin Arnen or Minas Tirith. All that was known among the realms of men was that the settlement had been built, or perhaps more descriptively, had grown just above a gentle spring in the firred crags that dotted the forest between Osgiliath and Henneth Annûn. Nestled on some subtle point of wooded rock across the Southward Road from the Ephel Dúath mountains, its perch provided a strategic advantage over those who might approach from the valley road or along the River Anduin. From the taller trees, the elves had impressive views out over that river's plains to the West, and of the mountains curving away behind to the south and north. In early morning, the Shadow Mountains to the east cast sleepy namesakes down across the vale, until the Sun's steady march pushed the dark back over the craggy peaks. By evening, that same bright star settled far across the plains and distant hills like a beacon, 'til only faltering rays beckoned longing hearts to follow before night reigned again. It was in the top of one tall tree, gazing into that bedding Sun, that two tall elves stood this evening as they did each dusk: an archer prince with his heart aching to obey the Westward call, and a fletcher prince wishing for the morning light to turn faces away to the east again. "Come, my love; 'tis time for evenmeal," said Dunthon, as he gently rubbed the arm whose hand held his. "Galion has another new recipe he wishes us to try." Legolas wrestled his thoughts from the sea beyond his sight, and the river sounds within his hearing. Focusing on his nearby mate and matters, he turned his thoughts to the scents of supper that wafted up into the trees. "As winter begins to whisper in the wind, I am happy now especially that he chose to come and cook for us here." Dunthon buttoned a leather tunic over his woven shirt, and held up a dark vest into which Legolas slipped. "He served your father for longer than our lifetimes, and he may finally now butle for himself in friendship rather than fealty. While never caring to be served, I am happy to indulge his skills when he chooses to share them." Legolas smiled, testing the menu upon the breeze, and playfully chased Dunthon off the edge of the tall platform. Having long learned that the denser foliage of these Ithilien trees was quick to snag and scratch them, the pair leapt carefully down the maze of branches from their ladderless flet to the forest floor before renewing the race. As they approached a small clearing set further back from the cliff's edge, they could hear the quiet chime of elven voices, most chatting in Sindarin—the common speech among the three elvish realms represented. Entering together, Legolas saw, as expected, how the cooking fire burned smokelessly against the hollowed boulder, as the former royal servant stirred its rich aroma into the air instead. At one plank table sat Elocen and Eluvenel, twin sister and brother, still dressed in the grey-suggesting-silver cloth of Lorien. Though they had come to the Dundaur more than two dozen years before, they had maintained their Galadhrim dress and reserved demeanor, and were still, a quarter century later, considered a bit boorish by the elf-lively Silvans. At the next table, Suriel, the weaver last-come from Imladris, fitted a winter jacket on Gwedhwest the spearman, as the healer Auramdir looked on. Other members of the community were scattered around the clearing—seated at one of the other tables, or lingering on the thresholds of one of the groundhomes nestled among the dense growth. Most of the elves lived above the ground, but near enough this common space to quickly reach it and the large tree that dominated it. For there at the circle's eastmost edge and opposite the cliff to the west was a large oak that gave the settlement its proper name among those who knew of it at all: Halsion.(2) As the royal pair passed the tree to approach the dinner gathering, Dunthon, as always, rested his hand against its growing trunk. He had suggested and then himself carried the acorn from Haldhoron,(3) his flet hometree in Eryn Lasgalen, and planted it here with a bit of Lorien soil. As he worked alongside the others to clear Ithilien of dark forms, introduce healthier blooms and nurture native plants, he had paid special care to this sapling as both a link to his northern home and a light for this southern one. Rounding the living tower, they joined a small group of elves gathered around the end of a table, farthest from the fire. Spread before them on the table were a number of packs and satchels, variously empty of and filled with a variety of leaf- and skins-wrapped packages and dried goods. "Hail, captain," called Legolas, to the elf standing in the center of the small and rapt assembly. The standing elf bowed, and those sitting around the table nodded to the couple as they continued working on their tasks. Picking up a satchel of dried leaves, Legolas inquired as if he knew not the answer, "Have we become so settled here that we set up market in Ithilien?" "We prepare for your harvest journey to Gondor's tower, my lord," smiled Duvenech. Only a century older than Legolas, the tall and broad elf was an accomplished tracker and warrior, and had been the first to volunteer to accompany the princes to Dundaur. Well-known from his service in Legolas' guard, he had been named Legolas' captain here in Ithilien. "We soon depart for Minas Tirith, and we wish to be sure we have all the requested herbs for Gondor's kitchens and healing houses." For nearly half a century, the princes and a small guard had made yearly trips to the court of Elessar, restored king of Gondor and beyond. With harvests in and winter approaching, the elves celebrated the year's plenty and shared their skills with human craftsmen driven indoors by the arrival of autumn's chill. It was a happy time for the leaders of the Ring War in the south to gather as one—even as their number had continued to shrink. Boromir and Denethor of Gondor, and Theoden of Rohan had been lost in the War itself. Frodo and Bilbo Baggins, and the Three Keepers had sailed West only two years after the destruction of the Ring. The remaining halflings, Samwise Gamgee, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrine Took had made quite the names and lives for themselves in the distant Shire, and had traveled only occasionally back over the Misty Mountains since the fall of Mordor. Though the Fellowship had never gathered complete since its disbanding outside Isengard so many autumns before, these annual partial gatherings had become all the reunion these makers of history could make. Eomer King of Rohan and Faramir of Ithilien joined Gimli of Aglarond and Legolas of Dundaur in attending Aragorn become Elessar in the White City as the white frost