Chapter 1 A/N: Okay, I know I have other stories I need to update and finish, but right now, those are going to be on hold for a while. This story, I'm writing is based on true events. I don't own twilight or it's characters, but i do own, Rileigh, Marleigh, Dean and Sierra, and maybe a few more characters that aren't in twilight. This story is based on my dad who has just recently passed away a little over a month and a half ago, and I feel like it would help me in healing if i just write everything out, so i made it into a story, and I'm hoping this is at least somewhat good, and right now, it seems to help to do this, I don't' know how to make it seem any more sense but to do it this way... so this is what the story is going to be about, yes its based on my dad who had suddenly expectantly pass away on me, my brother and my mom. I also, hope that you will like this, and i would like some honest opinions on this story, and i do promise to update as best as i can. Thanks for reading, Trish Ever have that feeling, where you just feel alone, and not sure what to do? That's how I'm feeling right about now. I feel like I'm losing control of things and I'm not exactly sure what I should do. You see, my dad passed away about a month and a half ago, if not a little over that. He was my world. We were close, just like a father and a daughter should be. He would do anything for me no matter what. It finally hit me that he was never coming back. That was the day, our school, was getting ready for our annual father daughter dance. Let me tell you about myself, my name is Marleigh Elizabeth, I have a twin sister name Rileigh Nicole, we're both fourteen, we'll be fifteen in a couple months. We have an older sister named Isabella Marie, but we just call her Bella, and lastly, we have an older brother named Emmett Mikel. Our sister is seventeen, and our brother is twenty, and in college. Let me start from the beginning, at least a couple of months before our dad passed away. I guess you could say, that this is my story to tell, and maybe, it will help with the healing process. "Hey Marleigh, where's Rileigh?" my older sister asked me as she came up next to me at my locker. Shutting my locker I turned around to face Bella, and I said, "I don't know, she said she was gonna meet me at my locker." "Hey guys! Wait up!" Bella and I heard before we could walk down the hall. Looking behind us, we see our sister running towards us, trying to catch up. "Bout time," I told Rileigh as we all headed towards the parking lot. Hitting me in the shoulder, Rileigh responds, "Yeah, yeah, I was talking to Dean." "Yeah, uh huhh," Bella said. "What? I was," Rileigh responded. Facing Rileigh I said, "It's nothing, but I hardly doubt there was much talking." "Marleigh Elizabeth!" Rileigh exclaimed. Mocking my twin I responded, "Rileigh Nicole!" Laughing a bit Bella says, "Alright you two." We walked the rest of the way to our older sister's truck, leaving us to think quietly. My sister Rileigh is a couple minutes older than I am, and she likes to remind me all the time. She's dating this guy named Dean. They hang out almost constantly, and that usually gets her into trouble, not all the time but sometimes. I wish I could find someone like him. Don't get me wrong, I'm not jealous or anything, but I'm just in awe of their relationship. Even my older siblings are dating. Bella is seeing this guy from her class named Edward, and let me tell you, besides Dean, Edward is also a gentleman, he treats my big sister the way a guy should. My older brother, yeah he's dating some girl form his school, her name is Rosalie, I've seen her at least a couple of times. Getting pulled from my thoughts by my twin I hear her say, "Marleigh, come on, we're home." Looking around, I realize that we are indeed home. I must have been in deep thought to not pay attention. Grabbing my things, I follow Rileigh up to our house. Walking into the house, I head on up to my bedroom that I share with Rileigh; Going over to my side of the room I place my bag on top of my bed, and proceed to get my homework out and start working on it. A few minutes later, I hear a knock on the door and I said, "Come in." "Hey 'Leigh," Bella said as she walked in. Responding back, I said, "Hi." Watching my sister walk closer to me she came over sat on the bed and asked, "Is everything okay?" Looking up at Bella I replied, "Yeah, I guess." "What do you mean you guess? What's wrong?" Bella asked sitting next to me. Putting my notebook into my history book to mark the page, I replied, "Well, it's just, I didn't do very well on my history test today. Mom and dad aren't going to be too happy." My sister put her arms around me and said, "I wouldn't worry about it hun. It's just a test, I'm sure if you talk to your teacher you can re-take the test." I leaned my head against my sister's shoulder and said, "Yeah, I was going to talk to him tomorrow." "Good, now come on, mom says dinner is about done." Bella said, as she stood up and pulled my arm to get me to stand up. "Okay, okay," I told her as I stood up and followed my sister out of my room. Walking down the stairs, I started thinking about how I was going to tell my parents about my failed test I got back today in my history class. "Marleigh, sweetheart, is everything okay?" I heard my mom ask me. "Huhh," I asked, and then said, "Oh, yeah I'm fine, but I need to talk to you and dad later." I watched as my mom was setting the table as dinner was about to close to being done. Then she said, as she was putting the glasses on the table, "What's wrong baby?" "Well," I started as I began to fidget with my fingers, "it's about my history test I took earlier this week." "Oh?" my mom asked as she looked up at me, and then asked, "Well? How'd you do?" "Uhm, actually," I started, and then said, "Not so good, I failed it." "Marleigh Elizabeth!" my mom all but shouted my name. "I'm sorry mom, I tried, I really did," I told her, as I could feel the tears well up in my eyes. "I want you to talk to your history teacher, and ask if you can take the test over," My mom told me. Then she said, "You have got to get your grade u in that class, and failing a test is not going to help." "I know, and I do plan on asking him tomorrow, it shouldn't be a problem." I told my mom. "Good, now go wash up, tell your sisters to wash up too." My mom said as she went to put the dinner dishes on the table. "Okay," I replied, then I walked out and headed to the living room and spotted both my sister's watching T.V. and I said, "Mom wants us to wash up, dinner is about done." "Okay, we'll be right there," Bella said as both she and Rileigh got up. Leaving my sister's, I went upstairs to the bathroom and washed my hands. Making sure my hands were washed, I headed back down the stairs, and headed for the kitchen. I went to the table and sat in my usual seat and waited for everyone else to come and have a seat. Once my sister's and my mom sat at the table, Rileigh asked, "Mom, where's dad at?" "Your father is working late tonight," Our mom answered. Throughout the rest of dinner we all ate quietly. When dinner was about done with, our mom said, "Bella, Rileigh, I want you two to clean up the dinner dishes, and put the left overs away please, Marleigh, I want you to go up and do your homework, and make sure you study your history." "Yes ma'am," we all replied to our mom. As soon as we all got done eating we all got up from the table and went our separate ways, me going up to my room, and my sister's went off to clean the kitchen. I have the tendency to get lost in thought, pretty much all the time, especially since my sisters are always out on the weekends with their boyfriends and that just leaves me home alone with my mom, or dad and sometimes both, especially if my dad isn't working. Sometimes, I just wish that I was an only child, but then again if I was, then my life would be way more boring than it is right now. I love my siblings I really do, and I'm really close to my sisters and my brother, especially really close to my twin, Rileigh. I can practically tell her anything and everything and she won't tell anyone a thing I said. I can trust her with my life. Now don't get me wrong, I can trust my other sister and my brother with anything too. I mean they are my big brother and sister, and well they taught us everything. My sisters and I (and my brother too of course) do a lot of things together, especially when Emmett is home from school on his breaks. "Oh-my-gosh, 'Leigh, you'll never believe it!" My sister said rushing into our room, while bringing me out of my train of thought. Which she does almost all the time, it's like she knows I'm thinking or something. Turning to face my sister I reply, "What is it Ri?" "Dean, just told me how he really feels about me, and it's like oh-my-gosh!" Rileigh said as she fell backwards onto her bed. "Isn't it always like that Rileigh?" I asked my sister as I put my math homework into my bag. "No, not really, we talk a lot, but he's just so sweet, and he isn't one to push ya know? I really do like him a lot." Rileigh replied back with a sigh. "Yeah, I know Rileigh; you tell me this almost all the time, it's pretty much almost considered no news really." I told her as I went to go start on my history homework. Sitting up on her bed Rileigh asked, "What crawled up your butt and died?" "Sorry, it's just, I'm stressed out right now, and I failed this history test we had taken earlier this week. So, now I have to make sure I study for it, and hope for the best that Mr. Rodgers will let me re-take the test over. If not, then I'm most likely going to be screwed. Mom wants me to re-take the test and I'm not so sure on what's going to happen if I can't." I told my sister almost all in one breath. "Well, I wouldn't worry about it too much sister; I don't think mom can do too much about you not being able to re-take your test." Rileigh said. Sitting Indian style on my bed, I replied, "Yeah, well I'm also failing his class, and mom knows this. She's seen my report card a few weeks ago. I kind of have to really pull my grades up; otherwise, I'm going to be grounded. Not that