Chapter 1 A/N: this story is for my best friend/sister who has recently gotten the shingles over Christmas break, so this is for her. In this story me and my bestfriend/sister (liz) are in the story, she is Riley, and I am Hannah, so hopefully you all like it, and please leave a review their greatly appreciated. I don't own twilight or the characters, just Riley and Hannah. thanks again, TriciaMarie23 Hannah's POV While listening to music as I do my homework, my twin sister walks into our shared bedroom and says, "Hannah can you please turn the music down, I Have a splitting headache." As she walks over to her bed and lays down. "Riley, you know I work better with music," I replied back as I turned to face her from my desk. "I know you do, but I have a major headache," my sister told me as she covered her face with her arm. "Ugh fine, I'll just go downstairs," I told her as I grabbed my science book and homework. I walked out of the bedroom and slowly closed the door, then headed downstairs to the kitchen table to finish my homework. DOWNSTAIRS I walked into the kitchen and set my books down a little too hard, startling my older sister I said, "Sorry." "It's okay, what's wrong?" my sister Bella asked. Sighing I said, "Nothing." "Hannah, talk to me, what's wrong?" My sister asked. "It's just Riley," I answered her, as I opened my science book. "What's wrong with Riley?" Bella asked me. I looked up at my sister and said, "She's having another one of her headaches." "Alright, I'll go check on her," My sister said as she got up from the table. "Okay," I replied. A few minutes later Bella came back down and said, "Riley is asleep, so if you go back upstairs make sure you are quiet." "Okay, I will." I told her. I then, went back to my homework. A few minutes had gone by when I had finished up my science homework. I stuck my papers in my book, and headed up the stairs, and quietly opened the door. Walking into my shared bedroom with my sister Riley, I see her asleep on the bed. So I quietly go over to my bed and put my science book back in my book bag, and set it on the floor. I decided to go ahead and grab the book I'm currently reading, called Dark Secrets, and walked out of my bedroom as I shut the door quietly. I walked back down the stairs, and into the living room, and went over and sat by my older sister and curled up next to her, and started reading my book. "Riley still asleep?" my sister asked me. I looked up at her and replied, "Yeah she is, out like a light." "Poor kid, how long has she been having these headaches now?" Bella asked me. Sitting up, I said, "I don't know really a while now I think, but I think their getting worse though, she never said. She can't stand the slightest noise, says it bothers her." "Must be getting migraines then, I'll let mom know when she gets home, she can't keep going on with these headaches it's not healthy." Bella told me. "Okay," I replied. I got back into my position next to my sister and continued to read my book. While my sister was watching something on the TV, I felt her playing with my hair, like she usually does when I'm curled up next to her. About a half hour later my twin sister Riley walks down stairs and into the living room and sits down in the recliner. "How are you feeling Riley?" Bella asks her. "Like utterly crap," Riley answered our sister as she rubbed her hand over her forehead. "I'm going to go and get you some ibuprofen," Bella told her as she got up, and headed towards the kitchen. Riley just sat there and laid her head back and closed her eyes. A minute later Bella comes back with a glass of water and a couple ibuprofens, and handed them to Riley. "Thanks," Riley said. "Hey, Bells'?" Riley asked. "Yeah Riles?" Bella replied back. "Can you get me a cold wash cloth please? My head feels like it's going to explode." Riley asked her. "Yeah sure hun, anything else you need?" Bella replied back as she headed back towards the kitchen. "Uhm, no, I don't think so," Riley answered her, as she closed her eyes. "Okay, I'll be right back hun," Bella told her as she headed back into the kitchen to get our sister a wash cloth for her forehead. While we were waiting for our sister to come back with the wash cloth, Riley doubled over in pain. "Riley, what's wrong?" I asked her as I got up and walked over to her. My twin sister, who was in pain, couldn't say much. "What's wrong?" Bella asked as she walked in and seen our sister doubled over in pain. "I don't know, after you walked out, she bent over like this, I tried asking her what was wrong, but she won't say anything like she's in too much pain or something." I answered her. Bella went over to Riley and bent down and said, "Riles, sweetie, what's wrong? What hurts?" "M-my head, h-hurts so b-bad, and m-my ear, so m-much pain," Riley answered her through clenched teeth. "Alright, sweetie, here's the wash cloth. Let's get you over to the couch and lay you down, and put this wash cloth over your head," Bella told her as she helped her up, and helped her over to the couch. Once Bella got Riley over to the couch, she looked over at me and said, "Hannah, I need you to go get the phone for me, I need to call mom." "Uhm, yeah okay," I replied as I went to the kitchen, and grabbed the cordless phone. Grabbing the phone, I head back to the living room, and handed my older sister the phone. I walked over to where my sisters were, and just stood behind Bella as I watched my twin sister in so much pain, you could tell she wanted to cry, but was trying to hold it in. While Bella was on the phone, I heard the front door open, so I went over to see who it was. Once I got to the foyer, I seen my older brother walking in the door, and I said, "Hi Emmett." "Hey Hannah Banana, where's everyone at? Emmett asked as he took off his shoes. "Bella is with Riley in the living room, Riley isn't doing so well," I told him as we headed towards the living room. "What happened?" Emmett asked. "I-I don't know, she was complaining of headaches for the last week or two I don't know, and now she says her ear hurts." I answered him, as we walked towards Bella and Riley. Just as Bella was getting off the phone, Emmett bent down near the couch and asked, "Riley, kiddo, how are you?" Riley looked over at our older brother and said with tears in her eyes, "Em', my head hurts, it feels like it's going to explode, and my ear, it hurts soo bad." Emmett looked at Bella and asked, "Did you call mom and dad?" "Yeah, I just got off the phone with mom when you walked in the door," Bella answered him, and then continued, "She's on her way home." I went and sat on the opposite couch, feeling absolutely helpless. Once I sat down I pulled my legs up to my chest and wrapped my arms around them, and laid my head on top of my knees. I then feel someone sit down next to me and say, "Han, are you okay?" I looked over and seen my older sister, and said, "Yeah, I'm fine." "Are you sure?" Bella asked me, while she was rubbing my back soothingly. "Yeah," I answered with a slight sigh. A few minutes later we hear the front door open and our mom say, "Kids, where are you?" "In the living room mom," Bella answered as she stood up to meet our mom. "What happened?" Mom asked, then seen Riley lying on the couch. Bella followed our mom over to where Riley was at, and said, "Her headache seems like their getting worse, and now she's complaining of an ear ache." "Give her any ibuprofen?" Mom asked as she bent down to take a look at Riley. "Yeah, I gave her four of em about an hour ago," Bella told her. "Riley, sweetie, has your headache let up some any?" Mom asked Riley. Riley look over at mom, and said, "Sort of, not much. It really hurts mom." "I know baby, are you feeling dizzy at all?" Mom asked her as she pushed back some of Riley's hair out of her face. "Just a bit, when I move, the light also bothers me, and sound, I can't stand sound," Riley answered mom. Mom bent down to help Riley and said, "Why don't we go on up to your room, where you'll be more comfortable, it sounds like you're having a migraine." Riley started to sit up, but then laid back down and said, "Mom, I can't, my head hurts too bad, the room is starting to spin." Mom looked over at Emmett and said, "Emmett, can you carry her up to her room please?" "Yeah sure mom," Emmett said as he got up and went to go and pick Riley up off the couch, and went and carried her up to our room. Our mom went and followed Emmett and Riley up the stairs to help Riley get comfortable. Bella came back over and sat down next to me, and I leaned over on her and rested my head on her shoulder, and asked, "She'll be okay right?" "Of course kiddo, like mom said it's probably just a migraine," Bella answered me as she rubbed my back. "Okay," I replied then just focused my attention to a spot on the floor. A few minutes later Emmett came back down and sat on the other side of me, and said, "She should probably go see Carlisle, just to make sure everything is okay. Especially since she's been having them for what almost two weeks?" "I agree, and now she's getting an ear ache? Yeah I agree she should go see Carlisle, maybe we could talk to mom into taking her to go see him." Bella replied back to him, while she was playing with my hair. "Hannah, has she said anything besides her head hurting?" Emmett asked me. I looked over at him and said, "No, she hasn't. I'm not even sure how it all started. But if it's been almost two weeks ago, that's when we had our finals. I know she's been stressing over that." I answered my older brother. "That's right; we did have finals about two weeks ago. I do remember her getting stressed out about it." Bella also put in. "I bet that could be the reason for her headaches, but as for the ear infection. I have no idea," Emmett said. "Might be getting sick? But I'm not exactly sure," Bella also said. "No, I don't think she's getting sick, who knows. We'll see what mom has to say when she gets back down here." Emmett said. Looking up at both my siblings I said, "Since she's going to need to be practically in the dark, and no noise at all, where am I going to sleep tonight?" "You can sleep with me tonight hun," Bella answered. "Okay, are you sure?" I asked her. "Yes, I'm sure, just don't kick me. You have a habit of kicking people in your sleep." Bella replied while giggling. "I can't help it, I don't do it on purpose,"