Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. J.K.R. literally has it all. Hermione couldn't visit the Astronomy Tower without thinking of Professor Dumbledore. It had been completely remodelled with the rebuild, but it still reminded her of that terrible day over a year ago. Hermione had only experienced it through Harry, but it still caused chills to roll through her whenever she thought about it. With a sigh, she absentmindedly trailed her fingers along the cool, grainy stone behind her as she stared out across the Scottish Highland scenery. She allowed her brain to numbly drink in the view of the mass of greenery glowing orange as the sun began to set. Hermione inhaled deeply, absorbing the smell and slight coolness of the late-August evening air at the top of the Astronomy Tower. She let out the breath with deep contentment; everything was going to be okay. The repairs had seemed like a long and gruelling project, but they had received a surprising number of volunteers and with the workload depleted significantly, the historic castle was restored within two months. Hermione had been at the forefront of the damage repairs, along with now Headmistress, Professor McGonagall, and Deputy Head, Professor Flitwick. Earlier that day there had been a final meeting where after a last minute check-over happened to ensure that everything was truly back in place in time for the opening ceremony at the Welcome Ball the following week. Apart from a few dust piles in empty classrooms, it had been clear. So there Hermione was – finished her task of restoring her home and school – admiring the fantastic view of the school grounds from the Astronomy Tower at sunset on a Sunday evening. There had not many changes been made to the original structure of the school, but the Astronomy Tower had definitely been one of them. The changes however were not minimal; there was now no roof whatsoever and a short wall had been erected around the circular structure, with a circular stone bench and table in the centre. Below her feet the granite was paved with a white and flecked grey marble flooring. The bench allowed for easier chart-making in the Astronomy class and the white marble allowed for a reflective light to be cast in the usual darkness, but not being disturbingly bright for the stargazers either. Hermione was sitting on the stone bench, with her elbows resting behind her on the stone table. It had quickly been her new favourite place in Hogwarts, and despite not being a particular fan of the subject itself, she had a newfound respect for Astronomy. This tower could certainly have been a place, if left alone, filled with dark magic. But it now felt like nothing terrible could ever have happened in such a lovely setting. She had studied it briefly, but in the magical world, places where people die and/or where dark magic is performed are often left soaked in residual magic. This occurs due to the power and emotion that these acts entail, and how both involve an affection of the soul. Hermione had never experienced it herself, but according to several of the books she had 'borrowed' from Professor Dumbledore, certain spells, usually dark spells, required so much power to be performed that they used some (and if not all) of the caster's core magic . Hermione had found the whole concept very interesting, and would have certainly investigated its theory further if she hadn't been so creeped out by the old Astronomy Tower. With a deep sigh, Hermione was reminded again of her old headmaster. What in Merlin's name had possessed him to put that damn ring on? Hermione hadn't understood it then and she still was having difficulty with it. What she did understand was the curiosity of an intellectual. But how many lives had been lost over the years to too curious geniuses? A surprising thought came to Hermione: had anyone told Malfoy that Dumbledore had already been dying? There was a slight pang in her chest as Hermione imagined Harry's description of him that night. Even if it had been Malfoy, no one deserved that. It was these thoughts she found herself trailing before a glimmer of red at the entrance caught her right eye; Ginny Weasley. "Hey," Ginny greeted Hermione cheerfully. She perched down beside her friend on the cool stone bench. "Hey yourself," Hermione replied with a smile on her face, heart pounding slightly at the path her brain had been taking her on. Ginny gently nudged Hermione's shoulder with her own. "Minnie's looking for you. Wants to see you in her office." "Professor McGonagall?" Hermione said, attempting to keep calm. The strain of her attempts to hide her stress was evident in her voice as she asked: "Her office?" "Not like that," Ginny scoffed. "What could you have possibly done?" Ginny laughed but immediately sobered up when she caught the pointed glare Hermione sent her. "If it's any consolation," she continued, "she didn't look mad or worried at all when I spoke to her." Hermione turned away frowning; what could Professor McGonagall possibly want to see her in such a formal fashion for? If it had been anything less than critical, Professor McGonagall would have simply sent Hermione an owl, or would have even caught up with her herself. I mean , Hermione thought, I've been around the castle for days – she knows where I am. No , something is going on and I already don't like it . "Hermione?" Ginny urged warily. "You say she didn't look at all worried when you spoke with her?" "Well, no. She looked fine to me," she said with a shrug. Hermione's frown deepened. She knew Ginny was perceptive, so her saying that the headmistress looked fine meant a lot to her deductions. She sighed. "I'm sure it's alright. When did Professor McGonagall say she wanted to see me?" "She didn't. But I'm assuming she meant as soon as I found you." "Ginny!" Hermione scolded, abruptly standing up. "If you haven't noticed, Hermione, but this castle is awfully large – I'm sure she didn't expect to see you appear right away!" Hermione groaned as she flew towards the door and staircase beyond. Ginny Weasley simply rolled her eyes at her friend's retreating back and followed her at a slower and calmer pace. … Hermione's heart was racing. It may have been from the four minute run she had taken in order to reach the Headmistress' office quickly, but it may also have been due to the fact that she was being called to the Headmistress' office . During her jog/speed walk/sprint to the second floor, Hermione had concluded that this was definitely not a social call. Something was wrong and it involved Hermione. Or someone needed her help. Or there was terrible news to be delivered. But the most common thought she had running through her mind was: they've found my parents . Her heart pounding loudly through her ears and her cheeks flush from her haste, Hermione took a deep breath as she stared at the gargoyle. She would have been there quicker, if one of the hidden staircases she was familiar with hadn't been blocked up. She was sure that it had been fine only two days ago. Regardless, she knew it hadn't been damaged in the fighting. But she brushed the thought away for a later time. "Courage," Hermione said, her voice catching in the middle from the concoction of her nerves and exertion. Professor McGonagall had decided that her method of choosing the passwords would differ significantly of her predecessor's… Hers instead were things relating to the four houses. For example, last week's had been Helga. The gargoyle remained still for a moment, and Hermione was about to repeat the password before it abruptly started turning and revealed the slow revolving staircase. Hermione jumped on, and started taking multiple deep breaths in order to calm herself even more as the anxiety of being told bad news suddenly engulfed her. I don't know if I can stand any more bad news , Hermione thought to herself , I need them to be okay, I need them to be safe – even if that does mean a life without me . Hermione had decided long ago that she would accept not being able to fully restore her parent's memories of having a daughter, if it meant keeping them safe and happy, even though it devastated her. Hermione stepped lightly from the staircase and forwards towards the dark-oak door. She raised her hand to knock, but paused to take one last deep breath with her eyes closed. It's okay, of course it's okay. And if it is actually anything terrible, we can deal with it; nothing can be as bad as before , she resolved. She stood there for a few moments, taking control over her breathing and irrational thoughts. Hermione was in the midst of scolding herself for thinking too fast when she was suddenly shunted forward in to the door. Hermione hit the wooden door with an " Oomf !" and heard a baritone echo of the grunt behind her; there was someone else in the hallway. "What the-" a male voice exclaimed. "Oh, it's you." Whoever's voice it was suddenly changed in tone when he noticed Hermione, and she didn't particularly like it. Hermione whipped around to see the person who had invaded her space so rigorously and recoiled at the sight of him. Malfoy , she thought venomously. But then as her heart-rate started to calm, she said to herself, it's only Malfoy! Hermione blinked at his appearance in surprise at her thoughts, and she wondered at what point during the worst year of her life, did Malfoy become one of the least threatening people she knew? "Malfoy," she greeted emotionlessly. "Granger," he replied in kind. Since Harry had appealed for both Draco and his mother, the public's behaviour towards them had generally been tolerance . There were still a few extreme cases to deal with though. Many were not so willing to forget the Malfoys' strong involvement with the Dark side, and just as many others had personal vendettas against them. Harry was supportive of their induction back into normality and had publicly thanked Narcissa for essentially saving his life. Ron had supported Harry's decision to be amicable; he understood their unmovable positions. He however, did not feel the need to be as 'friendly' as Harry did. "Sure, they're not as awful as we thought they were, but Malfoy's still a git," had been his exact words. Hermione, on the other hand, was torn. She was of the same mind as Harry; she believed that they deserved niceties. "They need for us to accept them. Imagine they were shunned again in a world they wanted to escape to for so long – they could just so easily revert, Ron!" she had replied. The only problem that Hermione saw was that they wouldn't want her acceptance or friendliness. While they may not have been so upfront about their beliefs any longer, she knew that they didn't think of her as any more than a Muggle-born high-riser – and that was at best. Thus left her wanting to be nice and actually speak to them, but knowing at the same time it was worthless because they wouldn't respect anything she said. Maybe it was due to her strange thoughts earlier, or the current physical reminder that Malfoy was actually a warm-blooded human (she could feel his body-heat from their close proximity, and her skin was neither crawling nor did she want to flee). But there, standing right in front of her in the gloom of the narrow hall, was the same pale, thin, blonde boy who had tormented her early teen years. Hermione knew that, but looking at the tall young man who stood in front of her at that moment, she just couldn't bring herself