Hello all! This is the new Tom Riddle story I will be working on! This story will take place in an alternate world, that may have similarities with our own. In this story I will be mixing Asian culture and American culture to form a hybrid sort of society. However, there may be more noticeable Asian influences. I hope you all enjoy my new story attempt Prologue I was warned to not get to close to him. That he would be no good for me. That man, who always wore a calculated smile, and dripped with charisma. He had everyone wrapped around his fingers. There was nothing he couldn't do. His baritone voice, sometimes rough in anger, and other times tantalizingly smooth. How was a simple soul like myself suppose to resist these temptations? The same temptations that sent every female in the near vicinity into a mad frenzy? When this very same man, for whatever reason, set his steely, and cold obsidian eyes upon me. He could have any person he wanted, and trust me when I say there wasn't a shortage of women who would leap at the offer. He was alluring, charismatic, and manipulative. Even when he smiled though it never truly seemed genuine, the stunning handsomeness of his face would drown all suspicion. There were two other things that made this arrangement even worse. 'What could they be', you ask? Well, it was a well known fact that he was the 4th generation of a Yakuza group. When his grandfather eventually passes away, he is to take up that mantle. Secondly, I just happen to be the daughter of the Chief of Police. Looking back now I should have heeded my friend's warnings much more closely. Perhaps it was also my desire for something different that pulled me to him. The desire to finally do something for myself...But... I never should have let myself get tricked. I never should have allowed myself to fall in love. ...But one thing became clear to me after all of this...I needed to change... I was a good girl. A good girl that always followed the rules, no matter how strict or how unfair they may actually be. My father and Chief of Police, Travis Clark, made sure to instill that idea into me since I was young. I've never gone against him, and even when I try, I always give in before to long. Besides it's just easier to go along with what he tells me to do. That's what I've done all my life. Even my friends tell me I am too agreeable, and that I give in too easily. Truthfully, I just don't want to do things that will make people angry. Is that really so bad? For as long as I can remember it has been just me and my dad. Apparently I was the result of a one night stand, and my mother, not wanting the responsibility handed me off to my father. He told me he offered to marry her, but she refused. Growing up I had many different live-in nannies, but we'd be lucky if a nanny lasted more than a year. Either due to personal reasons, or because of my father's strict house rules. Eventually when I turned 7 he stopped using a nanny service, and I began living on my own. At least, that's how it felt. My father practically lived at the police station. The times when he did come home he enforced his rules. There was no room in my life to disobey him, and why should I? I didn't have to do much. Just follow some directions, do what I'm told and things would go great for me. As long as I was a good girl. If I was bad then I would get punished. Sometimes I would be disciplined physically with a belt, and other times I was locked in a room with nothing to do but stare at a wall. The severity depended on what I did. I both hated and loved those moments. I quickly learned that I received more attention when I was a bad girl, and for a time I would purposely get my father angry. Then he would pay attention to me. He was always busy, always working...but...during those moments he was all mine. Perhaps he realized what was going on, because one day he sat me down to have a talk about my behavior. During that time he did something he has never done before. He praised me. Said he was his most proudest of me when I was his 'Good little girl'. I remember feeling the happiest that day than I ever remember. I wanted more. I wanted him to praise me more. So I decided that I would always listen. I will always be a good girl. "Raven Clark!" My name rang across the classroom of high school seniors. The originator of the voice standing in front of the class holding a black notebook in his hand. His voice sounded old and tired, as though he only just woke up. Well in his defense was starting to reach the older age. His hair and beard were started to turn grey, and with him reaching his 35th year of teaching perhaps he had the right to be tired. His dark eyes peered over his half-moon glasses as he waited for a response. I raised my hand, "Present." My hand fell back upon my desk where I patiently waited for his roll call to end. "Mary Park!" There were a total 5 columns and 6 rows in the classroom. My seat was in the 2nd column from the window, and in the 3rd row. When he called the next name it was a sullen looking girl who shyly raised her hand. Her long purple-streaked dark hair created a curtain around her face, and her obsidian eyes were hidden by her bangs. She wore the typical girls uniform; a light blue blazer with a darker blue stitched along the edges, a white button-up, a light blue skirt, and finished with a darker blue bow that was white in the center. The skirt came to knee length, had vertical dark blue stripes and the waist band, along with the edges being stitched with a dark blue. On the blazer was an engraved symbol of a badger, intricately woven with yellow thread. The words Hufflepuff was written in a yellow banner which ran along the underside of the symbol. Her voice shyly responded to the teacher's prompt, "Present." As if stung, her hand quickly retracted to her lap and her head dropped again. She was a friend of mine, having met in freshman year of high school. Our mutual love of volleyball, and cooking being the starting point. Mary was a shy person with a soft voice. Sometimes it was even hard to tell she is there because of her quiet nature. There were only a few times when she would really come out of her shell, and those times were when she was playing volleyball. It was almost scary how quickly she could change. She has three younger siblings: 3 year old twins and a 6 year old brother. She lives with both parents, and her father who happens to also be a police officer. "Trent Reed" Sitting right in the center of class was a thick-rimmed, glasses wearing male. His short cut, brown hair sat like a messy bird's nest upon his head. Unlike everyone else in the class he was only 15 years old having skipped 3 grades. Once in middles school and then the first two years of high school. Apparently his IQ as pretty high, genius level actually, and he always made a point to remind everyone. He was very proud it. His young face acknowledged his name being called with a beaming smile. "Present, and accounted for." Trent is actually from a different state, and joined us only last year during his junior year. So I didn't really know much about him, though I had met him a few times before. Trent's father, Carlos Reed, is a defense attorney and a long time friend of my fathers. I even call him 'Uncle Reed'. Last year his father was moved to a different location for work, but didn't want to move Trent as he was just accepted to the high school. So it was agreed he would stay with me and my father. He was wearing the male school uniform. The dark blue used as highlights on the female uniform was the main theme. Both the blazer and pants were a dark blue. The shirt was a white button up, and there was a light blue neck-tie to finish the look. On his right breast side was also an engraved symbol. Only his was a raven, with interwoven dark blue stitches. The words Ravenclaw accompanied his. So for the last year and a half we have been living together, which isn't all that bad. It's almost like I have a younger sibling. "Lola Samson!" The girl beside me never raised her head from the phone she was fiddling with, however, she passed a bored glace to the teacher. With a slight click of her tongue she replied, "Here." She caught me staring, and we shared a smile. Lola was another friend of mine. This came as surprising to most as she was the resident popular prep kid. She had middle-back length blond hair, currently styled in a single pony-tail. Around her neck was an intricately woven golden heart pendant and matching earrings. If you named it she had it. The looks, the grades, leadership and charisma. She was even captain of the drama and dance teams. The only flaw was her personality. Lola could be quite the bully when she wanted to be, and her favorite target is me. I don't know why but she loves to tease people, and according to her my reactions are always the best. Ever since kindergarten she was like this, but even still she was always there for me when things got rough. She has an older sister, and lives with both of her parents. On Lola's uniform was a snake, outlined with green stitches and completed with the name Slythern. "Katheryn Zimmer." This time it was a girl with red hair as vibrant and alive as a roaring flame. It was cut short, and Wild and energetic red eyes stared back at the teacher. She was leaned back in the seat not sitting flush against the back, and a wide grin sat on her face. With a two finger salute she replied, "Right here, teach." Her seat was in the second row, and 3rd column so practically in the middle. Katheryn, or better know as "Kat" by her friends, was a loud outgoing individual. She was pretty abrasive, rough and your typical tomboy. Kat was never afraid to speak her mind, and when things got rough she was quick with her fists. Funnily enough, of our ragtag group, she was the shortest as she only reached 5feet even. Despite that she was the loudest and feistiest of us all. She was an only child, living with her grandparents after her parents died in a car accident. I met her through Mary, as the two of them had been friends since middle school. Matching her personality was the symbol of a lion head, the edges being stitched with red and gold, and the words Gryffindor proudly being displayed. The 5 of us made up probably the strangest group of friends anyone would ever see. It's pretty strange how 5 people so different could even come together. For sure it was never a dull moment with the 5 of us. "I'd like to welcome you all to your first day of class. I will be class 3-D's homeroom teacher, as well as your English teacher, for the remainder of the school year. My name