The only things I want you all to know is that I am trying my damned hardest to do justice my Tom's character. I didn't think it was hard until I started writing the story, lol. So I just want to say now, in the first couple of stories (when Tom is in it) I'm sorry if he's OOC...If may just seem that way to me...but anyway. Also please let me know If my character seems like a Mary-sue because it's never mine (or anyone's I know) intention...But anyway enjoy the story! ^^ Chapter 1: Hogwarts "Let's go Luvia! I swear you are so slow!" I looked at the fifth year Hufflepuff through crystal blue eyes. "Aggie, we're not going to be late, the train doesn't leave for another half an hour." My friend only pouted at my answer. "Yes, but I don't want a compartment at the back, again!" I rolled my eyes and slumped my shoulders. Aggie squealed, and grabbed my hand, seeing my sign of defeat. "On the way back we're sitting at the back of the train." "Yeah, yeah ok LuLu!" That, if you hadn't guessed, was my friend Aggie- Short for Agatha. She's a fifth year Hufflepuff, and my only friend. We are in the same year. We met in the train station on our first year, and ended up sharing a compartment. We immediately started talking. Well, more like she talked and I listened. Even though we're in different houses she still insists on being my friend. Something about Huffelpuff loyalty, but whatever it was I was grateful. About now you may be wondering what house I'm in. Well I'm in the house of Salazar Slytherin and I'm not exactly popular, not even in my own house. As I've already stated earlier my only friend is a Huffelpuff, named Agatha Basely. Even my own brother hates me, and all because I'm in Slytherin. When we came here we said that we would stay close no matter what house we would get in. Apparently, that only applied to every house except Slytherin and because I have a brother that's in Gryffindor, no one in Slytherin will talk to me. I never got pushed around as much as the Gryffindors did, but probably out of all the Slytherins, I was everyone's least favorite. Maybe it was because I was so distant and cold to the other Slytherins or maybe it was the fact that the only friend I had was from another house, and a brother in a rival house, that made them dislike me. That was most likely the problem. They didn't understand me. So, I'm stuck with Aggie. Not that I'm complaining, because despite our clashing personalities we're very close friends. "So, what did you do this summer?" Agatha asked sitting on the seat across from me. I shrugged. "Nothing much. Stayed up in my room, did chores, the old routine." I stretched myself across the seat. "You?" She giggled. "Well, me and Terrance are still going out. And we…Well you know." Aggie blushed a deep scarlet. I sat up. "You didn't." She nodded shyly. I shook my head. Did she know what she was getting herself into? If she screws up Aggie could be disowned by her family. "You really are something, Aggie. You better not wind up pregnant." I then laid back down. "I'm not stupid, LuLu we used protection. What about you? For as long as I've known you you've never had a boyfriend." "That's because, unlike you I don't want one. I don't have time for them. Besides, if you hadn't noticed I'm not exactly the most popular person in school." Aggie scoffed. "Oh, please you're very pretty. You're beautiful; all you have to do is move your hair out of your face. Apply a bit of make-up and update your wardrobe." I closed my eyes, officially tuning Aggie out seeing as she was in her 'Make-you-look-pretty-so-boys-will-go-out-with-you' mode. I thought back to what she said and rolled my eyes. There's no way that she could make me pretty. My hair was long, black and I never did anything with it. I kept it down so that it hid my face, from others. My face was a heart shape, and my eyes were large, but still worked well with my face. My lips weren't the fullest lips around but they were far from the thin plastic lips that most girls had. My frame was slightly curvy. My chest wasn't voluptuous like most of the girls my age. Seeing as almost all of them used an Engorgio charm. I thought they were a bit small, but Aggie insisted otherwise. I gave a short laugh. 'Yeah, what guys?' Agatha was, in every since of the word beautiful. Nice body, good size chest, and had an awesome personality. Her hair was a golden honey color, with natural curls. Right now she had it in a pony tail with a couple of strands falling onto her face softly. Her face was thin, but it went well with her body, and made her green eyes more noticeable. Her lips were thin, but somehow it added to her beauty. Her clothes were very trendy and fit her well, unlike my own which were a bit too big and hid my curves. "Hey one of these days you have to let me give you a makeover!" I blinked in surprise by her outburst. I shrugged. "Sure, whatever you say Aggie." She giggled. Suddenly, the compartment door was opened. "Aggs! There you are!" We both turned to see another Huffelpuff, also in her fifth year. Her name was Madison Bones. She was a pudgy girl, with chestnut hair. Her eyes were also brown, and it looked as if she gained a bit of weight over the summer, but it wasn't enough to say she was fat or unattractive. She didn't give me a glance as she sat next to Agatha, and started chatting. It was then I decided to get my Potions book. It was my worst class, but I loved it with a passion. My best subject was DADA and Charms, but I would always come second to this other Slytherin kid. Tom Riddle was his name I think. "That Tom Riddle is so cute!" I glared over at Madison from over my Potions book. Must she be so loud? "Maddy, there's no way he'd even look at us…But you're right he is hot!" Aggie giggled. " Yeah, but you have Terrance McMillon this Hufflepuff seeker. He's a looker as well." Aggie nodded. "Yeah, but he's no Tom Riddle." They both gave a love-sick sigh, and I rolled my eyes. Aggie was right, there's no way he would ever look at you guys. As far as I know he never had a real girlfriend but I have heard that he has had some one nighters. The girls wouldn't stop talking about it. Apparently, they didn't care that Tom was with other girls, as long as they got some as well. "Tramps." I muttered under my breath. After that I went back to my book for the remainder of the train ride. "Hey, LuLu we're here you better come on." I nodded and stood up still reading my book. "You are such a bookworm. Sometimes I wonder why that hat put you in Slytherin instead of Ravenclaw." I shrugged, placing a hand on her shoulder so she could guide me while I read. I only stopped reading once we got to the Great Hall and had to go our separate ways. "See you later, LuLu." I smiled. "Ok, Aggie, have fun." We hugged before we went to our respective tables. I sat at the far end of the table, closest to the doors, so I could be the first one out. The Great Hall was quickly filled with students. Though there was a noticeable gap between myself and the others. You would think I had the plague the way they avoided me. The first years filled in, soon with Professor Dumbledore, who was the Transfiguration teacher at Hogwarts. The Headmaster, Professor Dippet, raised his hands and the Great Hall, which was once filled with loud conversations, instantly ceased. "Welcome new comers, and welcome back old students-" From there he started on the speech of what is allowed and what if forbidden in the halls of Hogwarts. This time he added extra emphases on the Forbidden Forest. "And with that let the sorting begin!" Dumbledore walked up to a stole that had an old worn out hat on top of it. Suddenly the hat broke out into a grin that surprised all of the first years. I rolled my eyes. "Stupid first years." I muttered. A thousand years or more ago when I was newly sewn, there lived four wizards of renown, whose names are still well known: bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, fair Ravenclaw, from glen, sweet Huffelpuff, from valley broad, shrewd Slytherin, from fen. They shared a wish, a hope, a dream; they hatched a daring plan to educate young sorcerers thus Hogwarts School began. Now each of these four founders formed their own house, for each did value different virtues in the ones they had to teach. By Gryffindor, the bravest were prized far beyond the rest; For Ravenclaw, the cleverest would always be the best; For Hufflepuff, hard workers were Most worthy of admission; and power-hungry Slytherin loved those of great ambition. While still alive they did divide their favorites from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy ones When they were dead and gone? ' Twas Gryffindor who found the way, He whipped me off his head the founders put some brains in me so I could choose instead! Now slip me snug about your ears, I've never yet been wrong, I'll have a look inside your mind and tell where you belong! Now before I end here's a warning, To those select few Either take it to heart or think it a joke It's entirely up to you! A shadow descends as Powers are awakened, Abilities thought long forgotten, And that is better than the rest! Many a people will seek this power To either use it or to abuse it! But with than said my tale comes to an end And no with no further ado The sorting shall begin! I looked up in mild alarm at the Sorting Hat. Since when has the hat ever gave us a warning? Unknown to me, two other people were also intrigued by the hat's choice words. Professor Dumbledore, during the warning, quickly cut his eyes over to Tom's catching his eye. They maintained eye contact until a thunderous applause broke out in the Great Hall, signifying the Sorting Hat's song was finished. "What do you make of that Tom?" Emmett Avery, a tall and built sixth year Slytherin, asked the boy who was sitting across from him. The boy, Tom, was staring at the Hat with a vacant expression. However, his mind was riddled with many questions. "What do you mean, Avery?" He asked, but from the tone of his voice he didn't really care for an answer. Apparently, Avery didn't catch it. "The warning man. The sorting hat never gave a warning before." "Do you think it has something to do with us and the meetings?!" A scared looking boy, who went by the name of Travis Flint asked. Tom's eyes flashed over to his dangerously. The boy shrunk under his gaze. "What did I say about that?" Tom hissed venomously. "You are not to utter a word of it in the presence of others." "R-right. Y-yes Volde-I mean Tom." Travis knew by the icy look Tom gave him that he would be punished. Tom turned his eyes back to the sorting, ignoring the boy who looked ready to piss his pants. Avery, shook his head at the boy, and smirked at the grinning Abraxus. After the sorting and lunch was over I