Paperwork and files filled the desk before Quinn Riddle, many items given to her by her immediate superior to complete due to his increasing work load. As she finished signing one of the countless forms regarding the upcoming Quiditch World Cup and the infamously dangerous Triwizard Tournament, she glanced up to see that the pile had seemingly gotten bigger. Groaning as she put her head in her hands, Quinn tried to remember the last time she had felt like the Wizarding World had treated her like an average witch. Being the daughter of the most dangerous wizard known to their world, no matter how gone he was, was one of the worst things that Quinn had ever lived through. No-one had treated her like a regular citizen of this hidden population since her years at Hogwarts when she was known for getting nothing short of perfect scores on tests. Now she was a safety hazard, a security risk. Thanks to her father's reputation that had been so horrific that it had out lived him, Quinn was constantly hitting the glass ceiling that had been put in place between her and achieving dream; to be an Auror. Glancing at the clock that was hung on her wall above the door to her office, Quinn rolled her eyes at the fact that she seemed to be doing yet another all-nighter for Crouch. Right now, he was probably at home asleep in his comfortable bed without the fear of being thrown in Azkaban any time soon. What Quinn would have given to be in his position. Picking up another file, Quinn began to skim through it before letting out a large yawn. Deciding that if she wanted to get anything else done she had to go and get coffee, Quinn stood up, holding her head as it spun slightly, and stepped towards the door of her office. Opening the door, Quinn's eyes fixed momentarily on her black and silver name tag upon the door. Assisting Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation, it read, her name in immensely smaller letters underneath obscuring them from the immediate view of any passers-by or visitors. Over the last 3 years Quinn had gotten used to the minimal use of her name and the non-existent recognition that she had any part to play in anything that happened. She was their dirty little secret. "Quinn?" A familiar voice called out from behind Quinn causing her to turn around with her brow furrowed. For a moment, the girl's face remained in the same expression, however as soon as her eyes fixed on the man's ginger hair and slightly tattered clothes a smile made its way onto her face. Looking at the man with a look of pure happiness, Quinn tried to work out what it was that was ever so different about the man who stood before her. He still had the same welcoming blue eyes and crooked but warm smile, but something was different. Maybe it was just the amount of time that Quinn had spent away from the man that had made him feel different, but there was one thing that was for certain; Quinn had missed the friendly face of Arthur Weasley. "Mr Weasley, what a pleasant surprise," the dark-haired girl spoke her blue eyes shining with life for the first time since the planning for the two immense events had started. "How is Mrs Weasley doing?" "Don't let her catch you calling her that." The man chuckled at reference to his wife, his smile and laugh acting as a magnet for Quinn's stress and tiredness. Arthur looked over at the door of the office she had just walked out of, his eyes fixing on the name tag before looking back to the young woman who had lived with him from 15 until the trace had broken. "How long have you been in this department? You are pretty high up I see." "Pretty high up in a pretty low-down department," Quinn stated as she remembered how Crouch had been shunned to the department after news of his son's extra-curricular activities became public. "Though, it is better than no-where I guess." "You have to come and see us soon, Molly would love to see you." There was a pause as Arthur looked at Quinn's overly pale skin. "And feed you. Are you okay, you are awful pale?" "I haven't slept in a while. I was just on my way to get coffee for tonight's all-nighter." Quinn spoke yawning uncontrollably as she did. "Are you heading home?" "Yes," Arthur spoke looking at the dark-haired woman with a look of authority before adding, "So are you. You need to sleep and if Barty has something to say about it send him to Molly, I do believe that that will show him a thing or two." "I'm good Mr Weasley." Quinn spoke smiling at him weakly. "I have a stack of paperwork the size of me in there, it is going to take an all-nighter to get through it." "Then pull an all-nighter in the Weasley living room. Ginny will be over the moon to see you and so will Ron, they idolised you growing up, you made them unafraid of being placed in Slytherin." "Are you sure? I don't want to intrude." Quinn spoke her voice quiet as she looked down at her shoes wishing that for once she wasn't scared of how her presence would affect the image of others. "You won't be intruding you are family." Arthur smiled before pushing open her office door for her to get her paperwork. As he saw the size of the stack, Arthur realised that Quinn hadn't been overexaggerating when she said that she had to pull an all-nighter. Eyes flickered around the room as Arthur considered why the young woman would have been put under this kind of pressure, but as his eyes fixed on the toothbrush on the desk bellow the window and the pile of blankets in the corner of the room those thoughts left his mind. "Quinn, have you been sleeping here?" Arthur asked looking at the girl confused. "If you could call it that," the girl scoffed as she looked at the due dates on her paperwork before placing the more urgent ones into her extended briefcase. "I nap here occasionally, my flatmate kicked me out after she discovered who my father was." "You should have owled us, Molly and I would happily have taken you." Arthur stated, but knew the moment his eyes met the woman's eyes, that had never held a sliver of child-like innocence, just why she hadn't told him or Molly. "You don't have to be afraid of tarnishing our image, Ron has done it more than you can anyway." "You are saying your best-behaved son, that isn't a complete spoil sport, is the one who has tarnished your image the most?" Quinn questioned a small chuckle leaving her mouth as she finished putting her files into her bag, under the close watch of Arthur. "What about those twins? Do they still cause just as much mischief as they did in their first year?" "Oh yes, Merlin bless the day the trace leaves them." Arthur spoke smirking as he did. "Are you ready?" "Yep," Quinn spoke looking at the man with a smile on her face as he walked out of her office her bag in his hand. Following him out, Quinn caught up with him and snatched her briefcase out of his hand much to his protest. "You comfortable using the Floo network?" Arthur asked the raven-haired girl as they walked through the halls, many people staring at the woman who would normally have been there until the next day. "I remember what happened one of the first times you used it from ours." "That wasn't my fault, I had a cold!" Quinn defended a little louder than she would have normally causing numerous more people to stare at her. "I'm fine using the Floo." "Right then, you remember what you have to say?" Arthur asked quickly causing Quinn to shake her head sarcastically. Arthur let out a chuckle as he saw Quinn's action. "Good to know you haven't lost your sense of humour." "That is one thing that will always been intact Mr Weasley." Quinn chuckled causing Arthur to look at her disapprovingly. "I've told you before, it's Arthur you are practically family." Arthur stated as they neared the Floo system. "In fact, at one point we all thought that you were going to be a Weasley." Looking away from the man, Quinn blushed in an awkward silence as she followed the man wishing that the Floo Exit was closer. Thinking about the time when almost everyone thought that she was going to be a Weasley hurt Quinn more than she wanted to admit. If Quinn had known what was going to happen in the years after she left Hogwarts she would have tried harder to keep her ties with her friends after they left. However, there was no going back now, they had probably already moved on with their lives. As the duo approached the Floo Exit they looked at each other before Arthur stepped into the fireplace with a handful of the grey dust. Quinn watched as the flames engulfed the man's body and he disappeared. Following suit Quinn picked up a handful of the Floo-powder before stepping into the fireplace and being engulfed in flames. Stepping out of the fireplace, Quinn felt an air of relief engulf her as her eyes fixated on the familiarity of the Burrow and the lack of change since she had left 4 years ago. The kitchen was still the same small and rather cramped room, filled with organised clutter that made it feel more comfortable and homely that the Malfoy Manor. There was a new scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, decorated with wild flowers and an embellished table cloth. Pulling her heels off, Quinn smiled as the tile floor chilled her aching feet. Knitted jumpers with various letters still scattered the furniture in various sizes. A dull but welcoming glow filled the kitchen from the flames that flickered in the fire. Turning towards the wall that had always held one of Quinn's favourite item on the Weasley's possession, Quinn's eyes lit up with the with the same happiness as they had years before as they locked upon the clock with one hand and no numbers. Written around the edge were still things like Time to make tea , Time to feed the chickens , and You're late . Eyes fleeting around the room, Quinn took in the multiple differences along with the multitude of similarities and identical elements of the home. Books were still stacked three deep, in some cases more, on the mantelpiece, the one that stood out to her the most being Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them . That book had been read to her multiple times by Charlie as they sat by the black lake, often with William. Picking up the book, Quinn flicked through it smiling as she saw her handwriting and mixed conversations between her and Charlie from there Care for Magic Creatures lessons. As she flicked through the book and towards the back where both sets of handwriting were more neat and uniform, Quinn's mind filled with memories of her time at Hogwarts and the two Weasley boys. Summer days at Hogwarts were filled with students lazing by the black lake. Many of the girl tanning in the sun's glorious rays while the boys tackled each other to the ground. However, Quinn and the eldest Weasleys spent their time by the lake in a different way, although Quinn didn't complain if she did catch a tan. As the rest of the students ran around getting flustered, or lazed talking about beauty tips, the three would relish in the time they had left together in Hogwarts. Bill was in his