This story was written as a one-shot for the Fandom Fights Domestic Violence. We hope that you all enjoy this story and please consider helping your local shelters and programs in your area, domestic violence is a horrible cycle to get out of. Disclaimer: All thing Twilight Saga related are not ours, we used some fo the characters names and generalized appearances to write this story, but this story line is that of WeeJessAndTAT. Special thanks to the ladies who made this readable, our beta and pre-reading team of: AWayWithWords, Savannavansmutsmut, and Chandrakanta The awesome banner was made by: Chandrakanta ***Warnings: Some descriptions of domestic abuse and attempted murder – mainly in the form of telling of past and a few flashbacks.*** The Baker's Man "William," I call out, running as I look around. Where the hell did he go? I feel my heart start to race and my hand goes to my head. "Please, God, do not do this to me; he's my whole life." A man in a suit looks my way. "My son has disappeared, have you seen my son?" I ask, bringing out my cell to show him a picture of my William, but the man keeps walking. "William, where are you?" I yell frantically. I can see people looking at me, but they're doing it so slyly. Typical, they want to see what happens without getting involved. "God, please, where is my boy?" "Please, someone help me," I sob out and run down the street, looking in the shop windows as I go past. I jump, hearing a fire engine. I take off running to the station, hoping someone there will be able to help me. "Please, my son, he's four and I can't find him," I say, running up to the fireman that's standing by the truck. He grins at me, putting away the cell that was at his ear, and points to the truck. I look up and I cry more. There's my son, with a big smile, sitting in the driver's seat of the fire truck, playing with the steering wheel. I move to the truck, pulling William to me and hugging him. "William, I was so sca..." I cut myself off and just hold him. "He's fine, ma'am," the man next to me says. "I'm sorry," I sob out again. Even with him in my arms, my heart's still beating so fast. I swear, Isabella, you're going to fucking regret this; mark my words, whore! I will kill and destroy everything you love. I feel a hand touching mine and I jump as it brings me out of my dark thoughts. "I told William here that I would show him the fire pole. Why don't you come in and get a cup of sweetened coffee to calm those shocked nerves of yours." I wipe my face. "I'm fine, really. I just moved into the apartment right down the road. When I realized William wasn't in his room where I left him, I ran off with most of my stuff in the street." The man looks at me in shock. "Hopefully, I won't find it gone," I say with a laugh, but really filled with worry. He chuckles with me; I think to be polite. "Where about are you?" the firefighter asks me with a worried look. William reaches out to him and I'm surprised, but I allow him to go to the fireman. "I just bought the old bakery on the corner of Fifth Street," I say. He nods at me, giving me a smile. I frown when he whistles and look around to see some more firemen coming our way. "Let's go, men, we need to help save this woman's stuff," he says, giving me a wink. He starts walking away with my son, who is giggling away at him. I move quickly to him. "Aren't you supposed to stay here at the station?" I ask and he just grins at me. " Momma," William says in sign language, putting his open hand with his thumb to his chin as he talks. I stop the fireman and get William to look at me. I put my hand in a fist and knock at the air saying, "yes," out loud. He gives me a weak smile. "Sorry," he says, doing the action, too. "I know, baby, but we're new here, you can't run off. I almost had a heart attack." He holds out his arms to me and I take him into mine. "So that's why he didn't talk?" the fireman says. I shrug my shoulders a little. "He has some speech problems, but his hearing is better now. He has this cochlear implant in," I say, brushing aside his hair to see it. When we get back to my truck, I'm glad to see that all my stuff is still there. "Thank you, God," I say in a whisper. "Okay, ma'am, we're at you service," the same firefighter says. I chuckle and see that they're all grinning at me. "Just tell us where everything goes. Oh, by the way, I'm Edward." He holds out his hand for me to shake. "Bella," I say, seeing how incredibly small my hand seems in his huge one. "Is your husband around?" Edward asks as I unlock the door to what will become my bakery. "Sadly, he's in prison," I say out loud, "and not rotting in hell," I try to whisper. But the looks on some of the guys' faces tell me it wasn't said quietly enough. The firemen spend forty minutes helping me, before they get called away. Thankfully, with their help, the little we had is now all moved in. It takes me the rest of the night to get everything cleaned and William settled in bed. I jump when my cell rings and I pick it up. "Hello," I say with a little smile. " How is everything?" Rachel, my sister…well, ex-sister-in-law, asks. "It's okay from what I've seen so far. Some of the local people are helpful." I sit down on the bed next to where William lies sleeping. " I'm really worried about tomorrow," she says after a few beats of silence. "I'm sorry I can't be there." I hear her small sob. "I know and I don't blame you for getting away. I just want this over. It's been four years, too freaking long," she says. I nod at her, though she can't see me. "That it has, but once it's done, you're free," I tell her. " I don't think I'll ever be free. They're always going to be there. What he did to you." I close my eyes, stopping the flashes of memories before they creep up on me. "You will be okay? I believe in you, and William believes in you." " I'll talk to you later," she says. I hang up and let out a long breath. I'm a twenty-six-year-old single parent. I've just moved more than a thousand miles away to start over again. This is not where I saw my life when I was younger. Strangely, now when I look back, I see all those small signs that were there, telling me the kind of man I was dating. I never listened to my own apprehensions. I always pushed aside any ill thoughts. Somehow, I was always able to pretend that the bad stuff wasn't real. It was like if I blocked it out, then it didn't happen. I wake up early, and after William and I have our breakfast, we get to making some cakes for the firefighters as a thank you. This time William holds my hand the whole way there. I let him ring the bell and I smile when Edward answers the door with a grin of his own. "Hello, Bella," he says to me, before kneeling down to William and signing his name as he says hello to him. "Moring, Ed-ward," William says, stuttering a little, but it doesn't take away his big grin. "We ma-made cakes for you." I couldn't wipe the smile from my face. I'm so proud of my boy. He has always had trouble speaking, but he doesn't let that stop him. "Cakes, really? I love cakes," Edward says right away. "I didn't know you knew sign language?" I say. Edward looks up at me. "I didn't, but after meeting this charming young man, I thought I should learn some for when he drops in." I'm taken aback by what he's saying, and I feel the tears collecting. This wonderful man, a stranger, has officially just done more—in a few short hours—for my son than his father and most of his family has done in four years. "See fire pole?" William asks as he tugs on Edward's arm. William loves everything to do with firemen. His favorite cartoon right now is a British cartoon he found on Netflix. It's called Fireman Sam and it's not only age appropriate, but very educational. This has led him to say that, when he's older, he wants to be a fireman. I don't have the heart to tell him that it's unlikely with his disabilities. "Yes, if it's okay with your mom, you can," Edward says, pulling me from my thoughts. Edward stands up, smiling at me. "These are the pastries and cupcakes," I say, handing the box to him as he leads us into the fire station. "These are just mine, right? I don't need to share?" Edward asks, looking between William and me. "Give me one, no need to share," William says as he signs and chuckles. "You've already had one, and there are more at home," I say. William pouts his lower lip at me, and I pout mine back, before turning my attention to Edward. "Yes, you need to share." I point my finger at him, showing him I mean business and he chuckles. "Hmm, these are so good," Edward says as he stuffs a second one in his mouth. "When does your shop open?" I chuckle at the fact he's licking his fingers, making sure he gets every last bite of cake. "Next week, if everything goes the way it's supposed to, anyway." He nods at me and moves to the sink, washing his hands and drying them. "Coffee," he offers, holding up the coffee pot as he looks over his shoulder. "Please," I say with a smile. "What about for young William? There's some fresh apple juice here." "That's fine, thank you," I tell him. Edward pours out the coffee and juice and sits them on the table. "Are you any good at Monster High cakes?" he asks after a few minutes. I tilt my head, looking at him. "Isn't that like a young girl's cartoon or doll thing?" He shrugs, seeming a little unsure. "Yeah, I could do it if you told me what you wanted?" I blow on the coffee before taking a drink. "My daughter is coming to see me, and it's her birthday. It's the first time I get to have her on her birthday. I want to make it special." I swallow a little, hearing some hurt in his voice. As I go to talk, the other firemen start to come in. "Come over to the shop tomorrow any time and we can talk more." Edward gives me a smile, nodding at the invite. "Okay, William, come with me and I'll show you the fire pole." Edward only manages to get the sign for some of the words, but since he looked at William the whole time, it was all understood. William and I end up spending most of the morning at the station and we get introduced to most of the staff. All of them promise to come into my bakery once it opens. I walk around the town with William, getting him and myself familiar with the layout. Around three we're heading to meet William's new doctor. "William Swan." I look up at