If I Die Young By: WeeJessAndTAT Beta'd by: AWayWithWords, all mistakes however are our own. ***Please note there will be a character death, it will not be Bella or Edward but there will be a character death.*** All things Twilight, such as characters names all belong to Stephenie Meyer, this storyline and plot are owned solely by WeeJessAndTAT. This is a BIRTHDAY story written for the wonderfully talented fan-fic-author, Savannavansmutsmut. Not only does she provide us all with wonderful words, but she has taken to start reading and helping us edit up all of our work, be it on our own or in our collaborations. So on behalf of WeeKitty, Jess2002 and TeamAllTwilight, thank you for everything you do for us, and for being such a wonderfully sweet person. Happy Birthday! Nikky, Jess and Kasi~ Chapter: One EPOV I sigh as I look over my new patients' notes. I am a doctor and I work primarily with children. I just transferred to a new hospital in Iowa, from Ohio, where I completed my residency at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center. I specialize in Pediatric Oncology. I was offered a position at the University of Iowa Hospital and Clinics, it's a teaching hospital in Iowa City, Iowa. I recently moved here and I'm still new to the hospital and the patients. I am about to meet some of them now. I walk along the hallway and into my first patient's room. "Hello Mrs. Weber." She turns and smiles at me and I look over to the bed. "Hello Angela, I'm Doctor Edward Cullen. I'll be your new doctor. How are you feeling today?" Angela is seventeen and has Sarcomas, which is cancer of the bone. She is on both chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Sadly, it seems to still be spreading and she's only got roughly a five percent chance of beating this. "Just feeling really tired," Angela says quietly. I give her a smile and nod at her. I tilt my head looking at her hand. "What happened to your finger?" I ask seeing that her finger is green. Angela blushes. "My boyfriend Ben gave me a promise ring." I chuckle a little nodding. "That was nice of him," I say sitting down. I look to the side of her bed seeing a photo. "Which one is he?" I ask looking to see that there appears to be twin boys and who I think is Ben. "Those two are my twin brothers, Isaac and Joshua," she says pointing to the twins. "And that's Ben." I nod looking back at her. "He looks like a good kid. Does he treat you well?" Angela blushes again and looks to her mom then back to me. "He's been amazing." I smile and nod, placing the picture back down. "I have to run some more tests, so I will need to take a little more blood, is that okay?" Angela looks a little worried. I sigh. I know it's not her fault. Angela's father's a Jehovah's Witness, and this is a bone of contention between her parents. Her mother only got the court order two months ago, according to the medical records, to allow us to treat Angela. However, Angela's still afraid, especially with death knocking on the door. It's scary to go against the religious beliefs you were raised with. "How about I check you over and then leave you to talk to your mom; I will come back later today?" Angela nods seeming to relax a little. I check her over and say goodbye before heading to my next patient. I knock on the door and hear a faint come in . I walk in and see Riley Biers sitting up on his bed playing with a DS. Riley Biers is eighteen and has Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. "Good morning, Riley, are your parents here yet?" He looks to me and shakes his head. "Are you okay for me to check you over?" This time he doesn't look my way, but nods. "You are scheduled for the starting process on bone marrow transplant; how are you feeling about that?" "I felt real bad the last time they were going to do it; they had to cancel because I had an infection and was in bed for weeks." I sit down next to his bed and let out a sigh. "I know, I read about it. We can give you something to reduce the risk of you getting GVHD." He looks at me then to the window, but doesn't say anything. "What are you thinking about?" I ask softly to him. He looks at me and I see he's a little sad. "My hair's all falling out again. Mom said she's bringing in the razor and shaving it off. So, I'm going to be a skin head, and after I get the transplant, I'll look like a junkie." I sigh and sit down on the chair. "Hair loss is a side effect of having the chemotherapy, but it will grow back." He lets out a huff. "I know, I just hate that people will automatically judge me, without knowing a thing about me at all. I'll look like someone who has been tweaking. The town I'm from, at one time, was like the meth capital of Iowa. Sadly, it's common to look like that around there, but it's not me and never will be." I tilt my head to the side and look at him. "I can understand that, people seem to always label other people without knowing them. It's hard even more so when you are still young." Riley nods at me. "My brother James said he's going to do it, too." I look at him, more than a little confused. "He's going to shave his hair off, too." I smile and nod in understanding at him. "He's got a pony tail, and his hair is really long. So, I'm not sure if he will go through with it or not. He's had long hair for so long now, if he doesn't have it any longer, it'll be weird, you know? I'll miss seeing his hair, but not as much as I miss seeing my Donna." "How about I let you go home for tonight, and you can talk things over with your family and come back tomorrow? You have to be in the hospital for at least a week before we do the procedure." "Really?" I nod and he smiles even bigger. "Of course, I'm sure. You only had to be here because of the fever you had; you've been fever free for two days. You're not scheduled to start the process for two more days, and therefore, tonight you would've been home anyway. You'll have to wear your mask and follow all the precautions you were already following for the past six months." "That's great news. I think I'll like you, doc. I mean, not that I don't like it here, but I've really been missing my mom's cooking." I nod at him and get up. "I'll be around if your parents want to talk to me, and I'll see you later today before you leave." I walk down the hallway coming to the end of the ward where younger patients are roomed. I wash my hands and dry them before I walk into the room. When I do, I see one of our volunteers holding Bree in her arms. I can hear her singing softly to her. I clear my throat and she looks around smiling at me before ducking her head. "I'll just put her back in bed," the girl says placing Bree down. "I'm Isabella Swan, I do volunteer work on this ward. I've been here about two months now. I spend a lot of time with little Bree here; are there any changes right now I need to be aware of?" "I'm Bree's doctor, Edward Cullen, and I'm new here, too." I introduce myself. "I'm just going to be checking her over for the first time right now. I plan to check her levels, but other than that, nothing relevant that I foresee from her notes." "I volunteer here a few times a week, so I'm sure I'll see you around." "That's kind of you," I say giving her a smile, which I'm sure she can't see because her head's still facing down. "Thank you. I'll leave you to it, doctor," she says without looking up. "I'd better get going, though. I told Riley I'd play a game of chess with him." I watch as she bends over Bree and gives her a kiss and rubs her hand across the little girl's head. "Thank you," I say as she starts to move away. She nods at me, and I, watching her walk out and shake my head. I smile and walk over to my youngest patient. Bree is sixteen-months-old, and has had one rough start to life. She was a premature baby, and as far as I can get, was abandoned by her mother when the doctor said she would have long-term side effects from being born so early. Then three months ago, while she was in house care here at the University, she became ill and was found to have Leukemia. "Hey, baby girl, I am your new doctor and I'm here to look you over." She looks up at me and I am hit with her big brown eyes. "Up," she chants, and I chuckle as I pick her up giving her a few moments of my time. I place her back down and begin check her over. "Okay, Bree, I need to take some blood," I say to her. I'm a firm believer that these children have been through a lot, and lying to them is not in my nature. The way she looks at me makes me almost sure she knows exactly what I said. Her bottom lip sticks out and starts to quiver. I sigh and pick her back up. "I'm sorry baby, but I need to look it over and see how you are getting along on the medicine. I swear I'll be as gentle as I can." Bree hugs to me closer and rubs her eyes. I keep hugging her and soothingly talk to her hoping if maybe she's asleep, this will go easier. I sway to the side and hum out a tune. It doesn't take long for her to fall asleep on my shoulder. I softy put her back down and keep rubbing her head. I move away from her and get the stuff I need. I try to be both gentle and quick in taking her blood. She stirs as the needle enters her little arm, but with a few hushes from me she drifts back to sleep. I close up the rails on her big metal crib and I walk out leaving her to sleep. I write up my report and see to my other patients. At lunch, I head down to the cafeteria. I grab a little bit of salad from the salad bar and a hamburger from the grill. I move to a table and sit down with a local newspaper. "Hey, you're the new doctor in the kids' cancer ward, right?" I look up seeing two nurses from a different ward. I nod at them and they sit down a few seats from me. "You're Doctor Cullen, right?" I turn my head and give them a smile. "Yes, sorry, Edward Cullen," I introduce myself sticking my hand out for them to shake. "Well, welcome, I'm Jessica and this Lauren. We work in the emergency room." I smile and give them a nod before I go back to reading my paper. "Oh my God ... have you seen this?" the one called Jessica shrieks loudly. "What?" the other asks. "Jacob Black finally dissed that skanky ass, Isa," Jessica says as she claps her hands. "Oh, thank God, he could do so much better than her. I