Hunger games fan fiction Katniss It's been a few weeks after are wedding and every thing has been normal up until….. Peeta what should we do? I do- I don't know . peeta replied. why would they do this ? I – don't know? Said peeta. I – don't know. Okay just stop it OK!. Im surprised by what he said I have never heard him talk like this and never to me. I stay quiet but lean in to imbrace him. We have just found out that the capitol has just taken peetas and my family hostage. We sit there in are embrace staring in to each others scared eyes. A single tear role down my face and peeta is instantly concerned. Don't cry we will fix this. We just have to do what they say. I stare at him focusing on his words remembering what that devil president snow said " if you don't convince the districts of your love after the quarter quell your families will be ... Terminated". Im still not completely sure what he wants us to do. Peeta though by the look on his face he knows what we have to do and it is going to be hard for both of us. He wants us to have children if we don't want to go back into the games. Snow agreed if we did what he asked he would change the quarter quell to something that does not involve us fighting but mentoring . he told us what the card reads and if we don't want this we have to have children. I look up from my feet looking into peetas large blue eyes. What should I do what should I do? If I agree I have to send my child to the reaping and into a world of poverty and constant worry and no free will. A life of watching people die in front of it as its parents sit through the games every year and having unexplained nightmares. I break down in front of peeta dropping to my knees in front of peeta losing my sanity. He is not expecting this and is bewildered but is still there to hold me. I cry into his shirt making it wet as he strokes my hair and whispers smoothing words into my ear. Peeta She fell asleep in my arms on the floor of are living room after the phone call with snow. She literally broke down in front of me. I was so frightened I didn't notice her until she hit the floor. I carry her up the stairs and into are double bed. She moved in after the wedding a few weeks before the phone call. Things were finally getting normal for us but snow has ruined everything. She looked so beautiful on the wedding day. Even with the make up she looked natural and she was so happy. I lay here down on the bed but she started to stir. She woke up and saw me standing there watching her. She said in a quiet voice "come lay with me" I crossed the room to the other side of the bed and lay down facing her. We didn't need words to say how we felt we just sat there looking into each others eyes in the dim light of the bed lamp. We doze off wrapped in each others arms, her head in my chest my arms protectively around her. When I wake I hear water running in the bathroom. Katniss must be having a shower. I lay there running the events that happened in my head over and over again seeing if I could have done it differently but I just can't. When she walks out she is only in a towel but I have seen this before. Good morning baby. Morning. Sleep well? Yes but only because I was with you. I blush but I have said things like this to her many times. I extend my arms out after she is dressed and she goes straight into them. We imbrace and I she is in deep thought, it must be about yesterday. I kiss her forehead and tell her that I will never leave her alone in all of this mess. We quietly sit there in each others arms when there is an unexpected knock at the door. We both get up to answer it because I don't want to leave Katniss and she won't let go. As we get to the door the knocking gets more demanding as I open the door the rays of light blind me but as my eyes adjust I see its gale! Katniss "Gale, what are you doing here you should be at the mines?" I say. I see in his face that gale doesn't look happy with me and peeta holding each other. When gale finally stops gawking at me he says "Katniss can I speak with you alone?" I look at peeta and he gives me a look that says has fine with it. I step outside and onto the front porch. Peeta after taking one last glance closes the door over. Gale turns to me and looks in concern. "Why are you here and where is your family?" I instantly start to cry. Gale sits on the chair beside me putting a protective am arm around me. Gale has always been here for me. Even though he doesn't agree with me with peeta he is still there. I look up at him and tell him everything, the peeta situation, my family's were-a-bouts and the "baby" enforcement. I can tell he is angry with the capitol and snow. "Katniss I love you" he suddenly blurts out. "Run away with me, I can keep you safe". Im in shock I wasn't expecting this and im quiet. Gale takes this as a bad thing not realising and grabs my arm tight. "Katniss I need you and if I can't have you no one can". I come to my senses and let out a carry for help. "PEETA". The door instantly opens and peeta comes out. Gale stands up taking this as a threat and bolts him self at peeta. I watch in shock as gale tackles peeta to the ground, but he is ready for it and has him pinned down in seconds. Peeta punches him and with one blow he is out. Peeta gets up of him and runs to my aid I have been crying softly in the corner of the porch watching everything. Peeta picks me up and carries me inside and sets me on the sofa. He runs to the door and locks it and closes one of the big windows above me because im freezing. He heads for the phone and dials a number. I here him answer "hello yes I need peacekeepers yes, peeta Mellark. Can you come and collect a man at are house he has tried to kidnap my wife". He hangs up and heads for the door to tie up gale with the rope in the cupboard beside the door. Peeta As I head out gale is just where I left him in the middle of the road. That's where we ended up after he tackled me. I see flashing lights in the distance and know that they are nearly here. I tie him up and leave him here. Its bright enough so hey will see him. I head back into katniss and find her where I left her. She is in shock. "why would he do this ? he was my friend. My best friend" I go straight to here and take here in an imbrace she is still waiting for her answer but I don't know what to say. She wont speak and it is scaring me. The things that have happened to here over the past few days has made her paralysed I watch her not knowing what to do. I study her not able to say anything afraid that if I say the wrong thing she will brake down. I pick her up and carry her up stairs. I put her under the covers and go get her a glass of water. When I get back she is crying. "Peeta I need you" she barely gets out. I nod and lay down beside her. She puts her head on my chest and cries softly. "It's all my fault" she says. I turn to her in concern "what? No its not. Its not" I coo softly while I stroke her hair. Later see falls asleep. I fall asleep to and when I wake up its midnight. I get up and go over to haymitchs and leave Katniss a note to let her know where I am encase she wakes up while im gone. When I get there I find him asleep at the table. I tell him everything that has happened over the past two days. "You have to do it son, it's the only way" haymitchs growls. "I know but Katniss…she is not….she won't…." I don't know how to say this. "Well try to make her see since boy are you willing for your families to die because she wont" I start to get angry with him "why are you blaming Katniss is not just her" I snap. Haymitchs looks shocked at me not expecting me to say this to him. We stare at each other until I turn to leave when he speaks up. "Don't mess this up boy were all dead" I don't look back and slam the door behind me still angry at what he said. Katniss When I wake up I find im alone. Where is he I think. I hear the door open down stares and go to see who it is. It could be gale but then remember that he is in custody. I see his blonde hair through the banister spokes. "Peeta, where were you?" he turns his head and I can see he is angry. I slip down the stairs and go to him. "What's wrong, honey?" he is shocked I called him that but I don't care, im just trying to make him feel better. "Katniss im sorry for bringing this up but… we have to have a baby! Are families and us could all be killed or worse tortured and harmed in every way possible then shown to panem what he can do" I don't know what to say but think to myself that he is right. I run into his arms and say "ok fine I'll do it for you" he hugs me hard and firm. I feel so safe in his arms, like as if they will protect me from anything, everything and anyone. He kisses my head and leads me up stairs. I lay on the bed and he lies beside me my eyes are tried so I go to sleep beside him thinking that he is the man I love and will always love. I wake up from a nightmare that peeta had been taken by gale while I was sleeping and that he had locked him up, he was leaning over me and he was pinning me down. then I woke up. Peeta of course was there to cam me. Its early morning and I see peeta and I are not going to get back to sleep. He kisses me and I kiss him back I know where this is going but don't stop it because I promised him that I would. He leans over me kissing me passionately. I deepen the kiss and pull him close the pressure of his chest against mine is like the hugs we share but so much more I feel the insides of me bubble with excitement and what im about to do. I pull of his shirt and feel his upper muscles with the tips of my fingers he pulls of mine so he can see my