Title: Trash Polaroïd Genre: Angst/Romance x UA x Dramione Disclaimer: Everything belongs to JKR; this story has been written by I-AM-CHUCK-BASS, who gave me the authorization to translate it. It can be found here in French : u/2233274/I-AM-CHUCK-BASS Summary: What's your interest in here, little girl? Hypocrisy has a caviar taste, Chanel n`5 is debauchery's perfume and rich people's kids drown their mediocrity in coke rails'. Your virtue is almost lame in this golden hell. So what's your interest in here, really? Note: This fan fiction originally is written in French by I-AM-CHUCK-BASS – I can only but redirect you to her profile if you can read French, as it's a golden mine. It's one of my favorite ever, and I could only translate it to English for you all to read it and appreciate it, I hope, as much as I did. It's still ongoing, and has 16 chapters by July 22, 2014. I thank once again IACB for her authorization and, more than that, for all the time she puts in her writing, that are always beyond expectation. I hope you'll like this fan fiction, and that my translation is alright. (English is not my first language, but I think I'm fluent enough for you to appreciate this reading). So, without any more talk, chapter 1! Hermione Granger tapped her foot to the beat of the jazz music that was in the elevator. Her movement was more unconsciously nervous than anything, to be true. The music was sliding through an ear to escape by the other and, during that time, her body had to be occupied by following the measure. Her mind also had to dwell itself by concentrating on the little architectural details that decorated the luxurious habitat. But all of these could not attenuate the apprehension that was growing in her as she approached from the twentieth floor. I'm going to meet Lucius Malfoy. Hermione held herself at the helm in the back of the room, taken by the same vertigo that took her each time she told herself these five little words. It was to pinch her arm every thirty second as it sounded so much unrealistic, too beautiful to be true. And somehow, it was. She had really won that national photography contest, beating a billion of Britannic candidates. She had really received that trophy, at little gold argentic on a base where her name was engraved. And she really had a meeting with Lucius Malfoy, this living photography legend, to work on an original project with him. Bloody hell, bloody hell, bloody hell! If all of this was a hallucination or a living dream, then Providence was a bitch. … fifteenth floor, sixteenth floor, seventeenth floor… It was Harry who had pushed her to participate to this contest. Pushed her, I'm saying? Begged her, harassed her, forced her to subscribe. Seeing that she was still not convinced, he had finally choose some of her photography without her knowing and sent them before the due date. The quarrel that followed this decision had been the most dramatic the two best friends had ever had in their seven years of friendship. However, Harry had been the first person Hermione thanked when she received her prize. … eighteenth floor, nineteenth floor, twentieth floor. Terminus. The brunette took a deep breath and then step into the hallway, the sound made by the footsteps of her black Docs Martens eased by the grey thick carpet. Her amber eyes were glaring everywhere around her with the amazed look of a new-born, looking attentively at the big photos that were on the corridor's wall. Hermione already knew each one of them by heart but she couldn't help being stunned in front of the photographs. The angle of view, the lights and shadows game, the grain of the image, the respect of details; everything was worked until perfection was reached. It was such a perfection that the young high school girl only felt like crying seeing how much she wasn't on the same level. The hallway was leading to a big round room with marble ground. Hermione moved forward timidly, the stress ball growing up in her stomach. "And you are?" The brunette jumped. She hadn't seen the office that was at her right. A blonde woman, wearing a low necked blouse, her lips painted in a provoking red, was looking at her with a condescending glare. "I, er, in fact I'm Hermione Grang…" "Ah, it's you," interrupted the secretary before pointing nonchalantly at the leather armchairs next to the hallway. "Sit down; I'm calling Mr. Malfoy to tell him you've arrived." Hermione nodded and then headed toward the chairs to install herself. And she waited. A minute, five minutes, fifteen, thirty. Or maybe was it only ten minutes. Her stress was expanding time so much that, when the young woman of the reception told her that her boss was ready to see her, Hermione felt as if she had stayed sat for an entire day. The secretary made a sign to follow her and got into another colossally big hallway leading to a big oak tree door. During the short time of the route, the brunette tried to regularize her breathing while keeping her eyes on the vertiginous high heels of her hostess. Her fingers were literally putting down the shoulder strap of her bag and she never felt that nauseous. And what if he'd change his mind and find her art horrible? And what if they had mistaken the winner? And what if he found her work too amateur? The three knocks the secretary stroked at the office's door took the young lady out of her spiral of worries and she raised her head while swallowing. "Enter." The secretary moved aside and made a sign to Hermione, telling her to go in the room. She had just entered when she heard the door slam behind her. That was it. The brunette moved of small little timid steps while looking around her. The office itself was half the size of her apartments. The furniture were little and in black and white, as where the photography on the wall. Victorians' glasses were at least two meters high and the ground was of black carpet. Leaning on a big ebony desk, Lucius Malfoy was turning his back to her and talking in his mobile phone. Hermione then waited awkwardly on the door's landing for the photographer to finish his conversation, which lasted exactly eight minutes. Hermione had had her eyes straight on the clock of the room. Lucius then took his mobile phone of his ear and started writing something on it – which took one minute and a half – before putting it into his pocket to, finally, turn toward her. His eyes evaluated her rapidly before taking the chair behind his desk and sitting on it. "Sit down," he finally said, pointing the black velvet ottoman facing his table. Hermione did as she was told in a robotic demarche but stayed perfectly straight on her chair. Then, she suddenly remembered what she was transporting in her bag and dug into it to find a carnet she handed him. He raised an eyebrow. "What is it?" "My book. I listed every photo that are, err, the one I think I executed the best." The student looked at him turning the pages with an anxious glare. She had always been really timid about her passion, and people who had seen her work could be counted on a single hand. Having her work being evaluated by the Master of the 8th art was beating everything. Lucius eyes' were slowly looking at the photo, only skimming through some, glaring more attentively at others, skipping pages. He finished by closing the book without even seeing everything. "How old are you?" he asked, crossing his hands on the book. "Seventeen and a half." "Hmm." He cracks his articulations. "Year 12?" Hermione nodded but felt like she needed to be more precise: "I did the admission process for a Beaux-Arts faculty next year." "Which one?" "Beauxbâtons." "It won't match with you," he answered immediately. Hermione stood a few seconds without really knowing what to reply. "Well…" she started, her eyes hurting her seriously. "It's true that eh required level is really high and I…" "That's not it," he interrupted her, "You're too talented for a school like Beauxbâtons". There, the high school student had to hold the sofa's arm for not to fall back. Did he just say that she was too talented to go to…? No way. That was not possible. She must have dreamt. "What are you doing in the coming weeks?" asked Lucius while sitting back in his leather chair. "I…err… nothing special", blurted out Hermione, still dazed. "I'm in vacation during two weeks and then, I'll go back to class." Lucius nodded and then played with his finger on his desk. "I saw the photographs you sent for the prize. The theme were really… interesting." Hermione kept for herself that Harry had taken them totally randomly in her photo lab before sending them. "Since when do you practice?" "Since… well, a long time. I had my first camera at ten." "Do you have a particular model?" Hermione crossed her eyebrows, not sure what he meant by that. "Which photographers inspire you?" then reformulates Lucius. "Oh," finally understood Hermione before thinking about it. "Well… There are pretty much, to say the truth… I really like Doisneau. Henri Certier-Bresson, too. And…" "Are you French?" he guessed. The young high school student let out a nervous laugh. "Yes," she admitted. Lucius had a smirk that gave Hermione the vague impression that he was mocking her. "And I? Don't I inspire you?" And there were the rumors about him confirmed. He was talented but had an incorrigible egocentrism. "Yes! Yes, of course!" immediately rectified Hermione. "I really admire your work, and I find your technique unique. I know almost all of your photos by heart and I have a big version of Narcissa printed out. It's at the top of my bed," couldn't help but add the young girl. This time, she was sure that the beginning of the smile that was showing on his lips was all but mockery. Narcissa was extracted from a series of photographs of the same name that were presenting Lucius Malfoy's wife. This photo shoot had been made in the 90's, when the two of them had just gotten married, and the legend said that this piece made eternal the cult that Lucius had always felt for his spouse. Narcissa was one of this masterpiece made a bit randomly that signed the entry of a photograph in the legend. Hermione couldn't get enough of reading again and again the art magazine where she saw it for the first time, hoping to find out the mystery ingredient that made this series that hypnotic. Lucius opened the book of the young lady sitting before him randomly and stroked the pages without really paying attention to them. "I have a project I've been thinking about for a couple of years now." Hermione listened carefully while her interlocutor played with the side of her book. "But it's a personal project. Well, at the same time personal and public, I may say." The brown-haired girl chewed her upper lip, waiting for him to say what he actually wanted to. "To make this project, I need someone that is a total outsider of my personal environment but who can enter it and see how things change." "I can do it," had to say Hermione. "That's why you're here," answered Lucius. "Do you know why your photos made an impression on me?" "… no?" "You have a way to take things à vif, in a raw way that may seem to be amateur-like at first view but that happens to be, when we look at it twice, totally worked on. Some of your work are gentle, some don't