Heya and welcome to my new multi-chapter story. I hope you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoy writing it! A world of thanks to my amazing beta Harrytwifan who is once again the person who makes my stories pretty and readable for me! And many praise to KGQ for being an awesome prereader, ass kicker and the best friend one could wish for! A/N; I do not own Twilight and anyone under 18, better stop right here and turn around! "You have got to be fucking kidding me!" I yelled. The middle-aged woman on the other side of the desk, Claudia Burns, looked at me with wide eyes. "Mr Whitlock, I'm very sorry. Our hands were bound at the time, your parents-" I caught her off with a sneer. "Don't call them that!" I felt the rage burning through my veins. I couldn't believe what I was being told. "They have never been my parents and they never will be. She was ! She was my mother and she wanted me! Now you are telling me that she tried to find me, but my- they wouldn't allow my own mother to see me?" I pinched the bridge of my nose between my fingers and inhaled deeply. "Mr Whitlock, I'm sorry, they were legally your parents and they had that right until you turned 18. I understand this is very difficult-" " Difficult ?" I snapped at her. The look on her face was pleading and I knew it wasn't her fault, but I was barely holding myself together. " Difficult ? That's a fucking understatement. Three days ago, my so-called parents tell me I'm adopted. Three days! I came here, wanting to know where I come from, who my real parents were. Turns out my real mother tried to find me, wanted me, was here in this very same room 10 years ago, begging you to let her see me. Now you tell me she's dead, that she died mere months before my 18th birthday! You call that fucking difficult ?" I slumped down in a chair feeling utterly spent. "There's more," Claudia said and my head shot up to look her in the eyes. "You weren't the only child Ms. Hale gave up for adoption. You have a sister; a twin sister. If you wish, I could contact her and ask her if she would want to meet you." She eyed me cautiously; afraid I was going to snap again. I didn't. All I could do was sit there and stare at her. For one, my earlier outburst had drained me of all energy. Secondly, this new knowledge had me frozen in my seat. A sister. No, a twin sister! I had a twin! Trying hard to pull my shit together, I nodded at Claudia. "Yes, I would very much like that," I croaked, my voice sounding weak and broken. "Okay, Mr Whitlock, I'll contact her today and get back to you as soon as I get an answer. I really am, sorry I mean, I'm really sorry for your loss," she said as she got up from behind her desk and made her way over to me, a crumpled white envelope in her hand. "She wrote to you, your mother. A few days before she died, she came here, sick and weak. She tried to hold out until you and your sister were 18, but she didn't have the strength left. She gave me two letters, one for you and one for your sister. She instructed me to give you your letter should you ever come here looking for her." I took the envelope from her and ran my fingers over the heavy paper. I could feel tears forming in my eyes and wiped them with the back of my hand. "Thank you," I whispered as she laid her hand on my shoulder. "I have something else for you," she said as she pulled a folded sheet of paper from her back pocket. "This is the address and plot number of your mother's grave. Listen, Jasper. I've gotten to know your mother a little over the months leading to her death. If you ever want to talk about her, I'm here, okay?" She squeezed my shoulder and gave me the piece of paper. After a moment of silence she pulled me into a hug, a warm and genuine hug. It felt so good, so safe. I couldn't hold it in any longer and tears rolled down my cheeks. Claudia's small hands rubbed circles on my back as I let it all out. The hurt, the betrayal, the loss and the loneliness. After what may have been hours, I pulled away from her. I didn't want to, but I knew I should. I was a Whitlock, and a Whitlock didn't hug practical strangers like that. I awkwardly cleared my throat, not knowing what I should do next. "I mean it, Jasper. Whenever you want to talk, I'll be here," she said and smiled at me. "Whether I hear back from your sister or not, I'll call you on Friday." I threw her the best smile I could manage, though I was sure it was still weak. "Thank you, Claudia, I'd appreciate that," I said, and with a small nod I left her office. . At home, I pulled a beer from my fridge and fell back on the couch. Taking a large gulp from the bottle, I closed my eyes. The last couple of days had been one hell of a roller-coaster ride. My thoughts drifted back to the conversation that had awoken this whole mess. I was nervous as hell, sitting at my parent's dinner table. I knew I was going to have to tell them, I'd waited long enough. Sweat covered my back and I had trouble swallowing the perfectly prepared salmon. Not that the exquisite taste of the meal was even registered by my brain. Once again I looked around the silent table. My mother's eyes were fixed on me, like she knew something was going on. My father, however, only had eyes for his plate, always oblivious to the tension at the table. "Jasper, dear, don't you like your salmon? You want the chef to prepare you something else?" my mother asked. I shook my head. "No," I started. My voice sounded hoarse, so I cleared my throat. "No, thank you, Mother. The salmon tastes fine." My mother raised an eyebrow and kept her eyes locked to mine. "Are you ill?" She wrinkled her nose. "You should have said so. I cannot catch a cold, Jasper. Do you know how busy my schedule is this week? If you were ill, you shouldn't have come," she said. I was feeling a little ill, but I wasn't sick. Well, I wasn't sick in the medical sense of the word. I was basically scared shitless of my parents' reaction when I told them my big secret. Mr. and Mrs. Whitlock, my parents, were socialites. They both came from money-a lot of money. Their life, and by extension mine, revolved around money, power and above all else, status. My secret would certainly not help their pristine reputation. I knew that my parents must love me, in their own way. They showed me as much, with gifts and compliments for my accomplishments. They weren't the warm kind of parents you saw on television. That was okay, as they were very busy people. They made sure I was well cared for. For example, when I was a child, I had a really nice nanny. Carmen had been my best friend throughout my childhood and adolescence. She loved me, even though at times I made her life hell. Especially when I was a teenager. I hadn't always agreed with her rules. God, I missed her. This would've been so much easier with her around. I knew she wouldn't care, she would support me anyway. She wasn't here though; she died in a car crash when I was 17. "No, mother, I'm not sick," I answered my mother's scrutinizing stare. "Well, then," she said, "out with it. I haven't got the slightest idea what on earth could be wrong, but something is clearly bothering you." I inhaled deeply and held my breath for a couple of seconds. "I'm gay." My mother gasped and my father's head shot up. His eyes, filled with confusion, met mine. "I'm sorry, what?" he asked. "I'm gay," I repeated. My mother held her hand to her forehead and closed her eyes for a moment. When she opened them, I saw something familiar in them. Something I had previously only seen there when she looked at poor people. Disgust. My father was still confused, though. "I don't understand," he said, slightly shaking his head. "I'm gay, Father," I said a little louder. "What is there to understand? I like cock!" My mother was suddenly on her feet. "Don't you dare use that language in my house, Jasper!" she shouted. "I don't understand how you could do this to us? Haven't we given you everything? You ungrateful little bastard! We've brought you into our home, fed you, clothed you, gave you an education! This is how you repay us? You go and disgrace us like this?" I was shocked. What on earth did she mean by 'bringing me into their home'? "W-what?" She just went on. "This is just sick, Jasper! You will go home and think this through very carefully. You are welcome back in this house when you remember who you are, and apologize to me and your father." I got to my feet and hit the table with my fist. "I didn't forget who I am, Mother!" I yelled. "I didn't choose to be gay! This IS who I am! I am still your son!" My mother turned away from me, throwing her hands up in the air. "I am STILL you son, Mother!" She spun back around. "You never were my son, Jasper," she said coldly. "You were adopted. Now get out. You are no longer welcome in our house. I don't even know who you are any more. Get out and don't bother coming back." With those words, she left the dining room and shut the door behind her. I looked at my father, who was still sitting dumbstruck in his char. "Father, please," I begged, but he wouldn't even meet my eyes as he got up and made his way to the door. "Father," I started again, but his harsh words cut me off. "You are no son of mine," he said before he opened the door and walked out without looking back. I opened my eyes and took another gulp of beer. The memory still hurt. It felt like daggers stabbing at my heart. I now wondered if they ever really loved me, and my conclusion was no. Claudia told me about the adoption. Mr. and Mrs. Whitlock wanted a child; no, not really wanted, but needed. No one could know that Victoria Caroline van Durenburg-Whitlock and James Carl Whitlock the Third were unable to have children. They didn't want a normal child. No, they wanted a child from a wealthy family, even if it was a bastard. My real mother, Charlotte Hale, came from such a family. She was only 16 years old when she got pregnant. Her parents sent her off to a distant relative to give birth and put me up for adoption. ' They put US up for adoption ,' I corrected myself. I was merely a way of keeping up appearances to my so-called parents. They never gave a shit about me. They just dumped me into Carmen's loving hands and stayed away from me. I could see that now. As long as I was doing what they wanted me to do, I could be their son. Being gay was not something they wanted me to be, so they would no longer call themselves my