Hey Guys! I have finally come up with a new Harry Potter fic. I am sorry if there's a lot of mistakes it's because I couldn't get a beta for this one. So if anyone interested send me a PM. For starters, this is more of a pilot so if there isn't sufficient response to this then it will remain an one-shot. Cause there is a high chance that you all might simply dislike the very idea of this story! And also it's an AU. Prologue Harry's head throbbed, and his throat felt parched like a man in a desert. He had never felt anything like this. It was worse than the time Voldemort had possessed him, and that was saying something. Considering, it was easily one of the worst experience he ever went through during his young life, having a seventy-year-old twisted dark wizard messing around in his mind was an experience he could have done without. "Hey, are you okay!?" A feminine voice screeched, the alarm clear in her tone. Harry would've heard her if he wasn't so out of his mind. Instead, he groaned palming his head, trying his level best to get back on his feet, but he simply fell back firmly on his ass. Just how much did he drink last night!? After these past years he had become sort of a chronic drunkard, he simply couldn't live without his bottle. His nightmares didn't leave him until he had at least two pegs of cold hard whiskey, the fake wizarding ones just didn't seem to do the trick. "Draco are you fine!? Talk to me, for God's sake!" the shrill voice echoed through the rocking carriage once again, making him cringe at the intensity. Finally, he got back on his feet with monumental effort only to look around as the entire room spun around him like a top. He wanted to hurl. He ran past everyone, pushing, and kicking not caring one bit of the crowd which had gathered around him. He just wanted to run, run far away, he wanted to be anywhere but here, wherever here was. His legs didn't rest until he reached a door having the distinct symbol of a stick-like-man painted on top of it. Everything was blurry and illegible to him. Thankfully, he had finally reached the washroom, he literally crawled towards the basin with his head buried deep inside and then he vomited. He vomited until he felt his stomach go empty. "Fuck!" He moaned, holding his stomach as he drenched his face in the water from the open tap to get rid of the nasty stench. He let out a sigh when he felt the cool water wash away his heavy hangover slowly, but surely. Turning his face he looked towards the mirror in front of him and he froze. A chill went down his spine as his face twisted in disbelief. He stared into the mirror taking in his features, from his high cheekbones to his sculpted square-jaw. His azure blue eyes bored into the man in the mirror with an intensity which would have made a maiden blush. He simply couldn't tear his eyes away from the blonde wind-washed hair he was sporting. He would've screamed if he wasn't rattled to his very core. He hated blonde hair more than anything in this world. This is a nightmare, Harry thought as his hands roamed around his face frantically, This is a fucking nightmare! He raged again. He would never forget the face staring back at him. How could he!? The man in the mirror was responsible for making his life a living hell in Hogwarts from the very first day. All they ever did was get into fights while the bastard in the mirror insulted his and Hermione's blood status repeatedly. Harry didn't know what he ever did to deserve this but for some unexplainable reason, the face staring in the mirror was none other than the loathful Draco Malfoy . For some reason, he was Draco Malfoy. Four people sat side by side as the carriage rocked around them, thanks to the rough pulling of Thestrals. Even after watching these creatures hundreds of times they still amazed Daphne. For something which looked equal parts scary and malnourished, they were surprisingly gentle, and strong evident by their ability to pull a heavy wooden carriage transporting at least four decent sized people. "Did you see what happened with Draco?" Pansy Parkinson asked, "One minute he was talking to us and the next he fainted!" How could she not!? Just thinking about it brought a smile to Daphne's face, when Draco fell as strings cut from a puppet she had felt like the right hand of the God was resting on her shoulders. There was only so much she could take of Draco's high-pitched squeal about his family and his pureblood lineage. Didn't he realize he was a joke to everyone in Hogwarts!? The only reason people feared him was because his father was a cruel, sadistic, smart, and an ambitious bastard. Huh, now that she thought about it, she almost respected the man. Almost. No matter how unpleasant Malfoy patriarch maybe, it couldn't be denied that he was still one of the more talented wizards in Wizarding Britain both politically, and magically. Though that didn't stop his son from being a total ass-hat. "How could I not?" Tracey snorted flicking her brown mane back, "It was the only interesting thing which happened in the entire train trip." "It's not funny!" Pansy barked, looking rattled to her core. "What's not funny about it?" Blaise Zabini, the only male in the carriage replied, amused by Pansy's outrage, "I swear that I laughed my ass off when he ran from the compartment as if his ass was on fire." "It was pretty hilarious." Daphne finally spoke, freezing everyone in the carriage. Blaise momentarily stunned face broke into a grin, "Is that a smile I see on the Infamous Ice Queen? You generally demonstrate the emotional range of a cardboard!" Daphne didn't bother to reply to Blaise's taunt instead she simply looked out at the passing scenery from the carriage's small window. She was better than that, and she knew she wasn't the only one who found Draco's misfortune amusing. There was simply no point in arguing about a forgone conclusion. "It wasn't funny!" Pansy hissed, "I could've sworn that he wasn't breathing when I checked, and then he suddenly woke up. It was creepy as hell. " That got everybody's attention even the normally chirpy Tracey seemed to lose her smile, "You must have imagined it, Parkinson. He fainted, he didn't die, for God's sake." Daphne huffed while others simply nodded their head. "Yeah, you must have been terrified when he fell on top of you like that. Adrenaline makes you see things…" Blaise trailed off, one of his brows raised. "Yes, that must be it," Pansy muttered, her eyes downcast not quite believing in their meaningless platitudes. Totally missing the ice cold eyes glaring daggers at her, trying to discern everything about her, from her intentions to everything. Wasn't this interesting? Daphne thought, her eyes raking over her Slytherin classmate with frightening intensity. She had never really liked Pansy, she always thought her to be too greedy and vicious, but to her credit, she wasn't stupid, she just lacked the required subtlety and cunning to pursue her ambitions. Unlike others, Daphne didn't hold it against her after all her mother was quite similar though she was more talented in navigating through the muddy pureblood politics than she or Pansy could ever hope too. She didn't dislike her mother's ideology but to live your life just to move forwards without enjoying any of it, caused a serious strain on her parent's relationship. They rarely talked these days and she was sure that her father was having an affair with some other woman. Why else would he suddenly disappear late at night! He sure as hell wasn't out drinking with his friends, like he claimed to! Especially when he blatantly smelt like perfume and sex, If she managed to figure it out there wasn't a way in hell her mother was blind to it, but as usual they didn't talk about it. Maybe she thinks that talking about it would make it more real… She felt pity for her mother, Daphne truly did. Her mother loved her husband, and simple neglect on her part had led to this. Love when left alone seeks another, Daphne was immediately reminded of that morbid saying. I would never let something like that happen to me, never, Daphne thought determined, what was going on with her family was just sad, these days she couldn't even share a meal with them without awkward glances. It was even more painful when her parents acted as if they didn't even know each other. At the least Astoria didn't realize a single thing about what was going on in the family, she was awfully sweet and innocent like that. Daphne sighed in dismay, she could only keep her eye open for anything weird and unnatural, and steer clear from it. Considering, that it was a magical school it was going to be one uphill task especially when people like Potter have taken it upon themselves to make school as dangerous as possible. Harry steered through the hallways of Hogwarts dazed, he didn't know where his feet were taking him. Everything was so familiar yet so different. He remembered everything, from the texture of the stone cold walls to the strangely rugged floors. He remembered every single damn thing of this castle, how could he not!? He had spent seven years of his young life here. Dream, it must be a dream, he tried to convince himself but deep down he knew the truth. There was no going back for him now. He wanted his memories of this beautiful castle buried deep within the recess of his mind, but here everything was so similar to his own to not be reminded however there were still some glaring differences. Differences big enough for him to question his own existence. For instance, the education here began at the age of thirteen instead of eleven. That was a massive two-year difference! Here Draco was already sixteen-year-old but he was only in his fourth year. And here Sirius Black never went to Azkaban and, and… here his parents were still alive. He was still trying to wrap his head around that. It's all so surreal… All this took him only a few hours of his time in the library, scouring through the old newspapers and journals. The only consolation which he could see here was that Voldemort hadn't returned yet, but he could already see the signs. They were small, like an attack here or there in Albania and Slovakia or other lesser known places but for someone who knew the character of Dark Lord and his Death Eaters inside out, it was nothing hard to decipher. Especially, after the attack led by the Death Eaters at the World Cup. He's coming… I can feel it in the winds. He was so lost in his dark thoughts that he didn't even realize when something smacked him head on with the force of a train. A distinctively high-pitched feminine yelp echoed through the wide halls of Hogwarts as large tomes flew into the air like weightless balloons. Harry could only watch as the time seemingly stopped for him, he was able to feel everything from the echoes of her scream to the soft murmuring of the people on the other side of the hall. He was able to sense her from her soft muscles flexing to her momentary fright, as she flailed around trying to catch her books even as she was falling to the ground. His senses for a moment had become potent and visceral enough that it had completely overwhelmed him. Before