A/N- I do not own anything associated with LOTR, it's books, movies, characters, etc. I only own my own original characters. This is a work of fanfiction, and takes place after the events in LOTR, so I do not have much to go on, and much of the storyline will be fictitious, as will some of the Rohirric culture, which seems to be a mixture of Viking/ Anglo-Saxon. I will be using a blend of both book and movie verse, depending on how the different events fit into my tale. I will be changing some of the known history of the end of the War and the new Fourth Age, because again, fanfiction! This is my first published story although I have been thinking up stories for years. I hope I give my ideas some justice and you folks like it. And now with that out of the way... here goes nothin! ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o Chapter One – A Dreary Day Cold winds whipped across the White Mountains from the west, drawing whatever warmth it could from the forms of people lining the roadway as it wound from the gates of Edoras. The sun had risen a few moments before, bright and crisp in the winter air. Usually, such a beautiful dawn would have been welcomed with joy, a resplendent show of nature in the depths of a cold winter. But not today. This day was one of grief and sadness as six warriors, clad in their green cloaks and horsetail helms, carried a litter down the hill from the gate. Upon it lay the beautiful Lothiriel, Princess of Dol Amroth, daugher of the Prince Imrahil, wife and queen of the King, Eomer Eadig. She had passed from the world two days prior, but not before giving the king and people their hope for the future, Elfwine, the son and heir of Rohan, living proof of the continuation of the House of Eorl. She had been in labor for nearly three days, and once her son had been born, had succumbed to childbed fever two days later. All in Edoras had heard their king's keening scream from Meduseld, the great mead-hall, as he had held his wife in her last moments. It was a strange mixture of emotion for everyone, for on one hand there was gladness, and joy that their king had an heir, a beautiful son to carry on the line, and on the other sadness and an irreparable grief that their queen had succumbed. Tears ran freely from the faces of men and women alike as the six pallbearers brought her down from the city. A few children ran forward, placing bouquets of winter flowers upon the bier, some of the girls adding their dolls or other things that the queen had helped to make for the children of the Rohirric capital. Next to the burial cairn stood seven people of regal bearing, clad in black with gold embellishments, all with tears staining their wind-reddened faces. First in the line was Eowyn, the White Lady of Rohan, standing next to her intended, Faramir, Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien, cousin of Lothiriel and nephew to Imrahil. Standing closer to the grave were the Queens remaining family, her father, Prince Imrahil, and her brothers, the princes Elphir, Amrothos, and Erchirion. All bowed t heir heads as the procession passed by, ever slowly so as not to disturb the light burden. Lastly, standing next to the open door of the simbelmyne covered funeral cairns, stood Eomer, dressed in black and gold, his face a rock, devoid of emotion as he held his infant son to his breast, wrapped in a thick woolen blanket against the cold. The only action betraying anything behind the mask were the few silent tears slowly falling from the corners of his eyes, quickly dried by the whipping winds. As the pallbearers halted, to allow the family one last look, Eowyn stepped forward and began to sing, much as she had at Theodreds funeral two years before. Her voice wavered as she sang, in old Rohirric, nearly breaking until one of the ladies of the court came forth, adding her voice to the grim dirge. "Du canne reotan se heo sy agaen Me du canne ongrate be heo ae Du canne dyttan ure heafodsien ond bensian heo edcierr Me du canne aetynan heafodsien ond aeala a heo laf Du heorte canne beon idlian be du aeala heo ne Me du canne beo full sylfum eadlufu du dael Du canne baec morgen ond aerendaeg Me du canne beon eadwala for morgen be aerendaeg Du canne hycgan hie ond heo sy agaen Me du canne bedian heo gemynd ond ae on Du canne cirm ond dyttan ure breost Beon idlian ond baec Me du canne nied heo behefau Ongrate, aetynan heafodsien, eadlufu ond eorde (you can shed tears that she is gone Or you can smile because she has lived You can close your eyes and pray that she returns or you can open your eyes and see all that she left your heart can be empty because you can't see her or you can be full of the love that you shared you can turn your back on tomorrow and live yesterday or you can be happy for tomorrow because of yesterday you can remember her and only that she is gone or you can cherish her memory and let it live on you can cry and close your mind, be empty and turn your back or you can do what she would want, smile, open your eyes, love and go on) As the last line was sung, Eowyn slowly lowered herself to her knees, Faramir beside her, looking over the funeral bier, rearranging some of the gifts the children had left upon it, then leaned over and kissed her brother-wife's forehead before standing, and slowly staggered into the waiting arms of her betrothed. Lothiriel's brothers came forth next, each knealing to the ground, pressing their lips on her hands and face. They stood, and Imrahil came forward, face red and wet, placing his hand upon his beloved only daughters cheek, before rising to go back to his place, putting a hand on his son-in-laws shoulder. Lastly, Eomer came forward, his movements stiff and his bearing sunken, as he kneeled by his wifes side. Elfwine stirred in his arms, letting out a small cry as he was jarred by his fathers movements. Eomer rocked him, murmering something under his breath, and the infant quieted. Eomer leaned forward. "This is your mother, little one. I wish you were old enough to remember her, her grace, her beauty, her kindness to all the world. Fate plays such cruel games to take her away from us so soon." His voice broke then, and he could say no more. He dipped his head, placing a feather light kiss on his wifes cold lips, knowing it would be the last time. He stood, going back to stand beside Imrahil. Eowyn walked over, taking Elfwine from his father. The six bier bearers lifted up their precious cargo, slowly placing her inside the barrow on a slab of rock that would forever be the queens resting place. They shut the stone door, the thunk of it latching was an echo of finality. Lothiriel was gone. ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o An hour later, the citizens had dispersed, going back to their homes and warm fires. Everyone but Eomer. He did not want to go home. He did not want to go back to the hall where every room, every corner brought back a memory of before. He did not want to go to the place where he had met her, had laughed with her, the council room where they had begun rebuilding the realm, the warm bedchamber where they had made love on their wedding night and nearly every night after... Eomer slumped forward, his chest heaving, touching his forhead to the stone door that would remain forever shut. He was alone now. He did not need to be the strong, imposing king that all expected him to be. Tears came, unbidden, to his face, and he wept. He wept for her loss, he wept for the pain she had endured to give birth, but most of all, he wept for his son, who would never know his mothers gentle voice, her soft touch, how she had lifted the hearts of all who encountered her. A wail rose in his throat, begging to be let free, but he bit his cheek, keeping his sounds low and mild. He wanted to be alone, he did not need his sounds of grief bringing anyone closer. Small cries fell from his lips, his shoulders shook and he fell against the cairn door, no longer able to hold himself upright. He stayed that way for a long time, quietly letting loose his unbearable grief. ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o The sun was heading towards the western horizon when Eowyn walked into the main hall. She had changed into a more simple woolen gown to ward off the cold, her hair was a bit tangled from lying in her bed and staring at the ceiling. A few other were in the hall, Faramir, Imrahil and his sons, and four other members of the court. Gamling was on guard duty by the door. He noticed her enter the room, gave her a small smile and a nod of the head, before standing at attention once more. Eowyn was walking towards her in-laws when she noticed that Eomer was not among them. "Faramir?" she questioned. Her betrothed looked up from the quiet conversation he had been having with his uncle. "Have you seen my brother?" Faramir shook his head. "Nay. He did not return with the townsfolk. He seemed to want to be alone, so we did not try to get him to leave." Eowyns eyes opened in shock. "He is still out there? He will catch his death! It is the middle of winter!" She ran towards the massive front doors of the hall, Gamling barely having time to open the door for her before she flew through the entryway, followed by Faramir and Imrahil. "I should have thought of this." Imrahil stated as they hurried down the main road to the gate. "I don't remember half of what happened after your aunt left this earth." Faramir stopped walking and put a hand on the princes shoulder. "You just lost your daughter, Uncle. No one is expecting you to be a prince right now. No one is in their right minds at the moment." Imrahil nodded, his face passive. They turned and continued down the road. Eowyn was already far ahead of them, all but running out of the main gate towards the burial cairns. By the time they had caught up to her, she had already found Eomer, slumped against the door of the tomb, his eyes glassy, staring ahead as if he saw nothing of the world around him. He was shaking from the cold, his teeth chattering. Small bits of windblown snow had fallen on his hair. Some had melted and then refrozen in the biting wind; small icicles hung from his damp locks, and his lips were blue, exhaling white puffs of steam into the winter air. "Brother!" Eowyn was shouting, shaking his shoulders. He did not respond. "Eomer, please! Please get up! Faramir, help me! He does not hear me!" Faramir knelt down, putting an arm around his betrothed, reaching with his other for the kings shoulder. "Eomer." he said gently, squeezing lightly with his fingers. The son of Eomund did not respond. "EOMER!" he shouted, fully into the mans face. Eomer jumped slightly, his eyes refocused and then came to rest on the pair in front of him. His face crumbled. "Go away!" he said closing his eyes and turning his head to the side. Imrahil had knelt down now too. "My son, it is too cold for you to remain here.