Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Copyright © 2010 Gokdeneyes123. All rights reserved worldwide. Story Outline: From the moment that Bella and Edward met it was love at first sight. Bella never imagined she could act so wanton or that a complete stranger could drive her wild upon there first meeting, shocked by her actions, she had run from the restaurant in port Angels to her small town of Forks Washington, never imagining that Edward would pursue her…or that he'd vowed to never let her go. He'd known only darkness for so long, in his secret world of being the head of the Cullen Crime family. He needed the light of her love to fight his ghosts and dark nature, and would do anything to keep Bella in his life. When a freak accident occurs causing Bella to lose her memory, he takes full advantage of this using it as an excuse to keep from losing her even if it meant continuing to lie to her-but could she risk giving her heart to a man who courted danger? Chapter One First Sight BELLA SWAN NEVER thought that tonight of all nights working in the small Italian restaurant waiting tables, could literally change her whole life. It was the first time that she laid eyes on what had to be the most beautiful man Bella had ever seen. It all started when she'd agreed to work a double shift to help her boss Aro. The La Bella Italia was a small quaint Italian restaurant in which she worked, and it was unusual for it to be as busy as it was that Thursday night. Bella found herself being talked into working a double shift, and before she knew it hours had gone by since she'd had a chance to take another break. She was completely worn out and it seemed that there would be no let up as customer after customer continued to walk through the door, as the night wore on. She was hurriedly clearing off one of the many tables scattered through out the restaurant, when she heard Aro's deep Italian accent coming from behind her. "Bella!" her boss Aro called to her as he made his way to her side. "Yes, Aro?" Bella asked as she continued to clear the table in front of her. "Bella, I need you to clear off one of round tables, we have a big group we need a space. I know you busy…but this can not a wait," Aro said in his clipped English. She stopped what she was doing, and with a sigh looked up at her boss. She thought about just throwing her hands up and saying to heck with it, punch out and leave, but she knew she needed the money. "Okay, Aro, though why can't you ask Angela or Ben to do it?" she asked with agitation. Aro chuckled, "Because *mia cara , they keeping you from having to take orders, and you are helping them by clearing tables and setting them for our next guests." "Well I think I need a raise. And just so you know, I have been waiting tables just as much as they have, the only difference is I've been here since six O' clock this morning," Bella grumbled. Aro patted her shoulders with his beefy hands, "And I love you to, * cara, " he said. Seeing her weakening. He knew that she could never refuse her favorite boss anything. "I greatly appreciate, if you do this one little thing for me, *per favore." Bella snorted, little thing indeed , she thought. Then felt the beginnings of a smile form on her lips after he used the endearment of dear on her. Bella shook her head wondering how Aro was able to talk her into doing things, "Fine, how many do I need to set up for?" she asked. "All ten chairs will be filled." She turned back to the table she had started to clear when she heard Aro clear his throat beside her. With another exasperated sigh she threw down her cleaning cloth and turned her head to look at him, one eyebrow raised. "I need that right now," Aro said with laughter shining in his eyes. "This very second?" she asked annoyed. " Si ," came his chuckled reply. Bella took a deep breath, and waved one of her fingers back and forth in front of him, "Aro, if I didn't like you…" she threatened, but couldn't help the small laugh that escaped her when he placed his hand over his heart. "A Bella, you make me so *felice ." he said with a huge grin, then clapped his hands together, "Now hop to it." Bella stood there with a smile on her face hands planted on her hips and watched him walk away from her, then with another sigh she distractedly ran a hand through her hair before walking toward the only empty table in the restaurant and set to the task of clearing it. It was nearing eight in the evening when the bell sounded over the door, for the thousandth time that day. Bella was taking the order of a couple that was a few tables away, when she heard the big booming voice of her boss Aro. "Ah, welcome!" her boss called out in delighted surprise. Bella had glanced up from what she had been doing, and smiled at the sight of her boss being engulfed in a big embrace by a man much taller than he. Over the top of Aro's balding head the man had caught her smile and had returned it as if he knew what she found so amusing. This caused her to flick her chocolate brown eyes upwards to clash with the liquid emerald green of his. Oh, my God! She thought, there in that moment, when their eyes had locked something unmistakable sparked in the air between them. His beautiful eyes had darkened, his smile had fallen from his handsome face, his strong muscular, lean body had tensed up and his expression changed to one of complete surprise, as if he'd been hit over the head with a sledgehammer. She was pretty sure she mimicked him in her actions as she stood there, caught, by the same hypnotic sensations, and felt the beginnings of a hot flush fill her checks from her body's sudden awareness of him. … ... AS EDWARD CULLEN walked into his uncle's La Bella Italia restaurant, followed closely behind by his party. He was a man that made an immediate impact before he even opened his mouth. He knew he screamed power, and danger. That every inch of him hinted that he exerted authority from the arrogant way he carried himself to the very dark pin-striped three piece suit that shrieked money, down to his black leather shoes. He was aware of the sharp in drawn breaths of appreciation he received from a lot of the females inside the restaurant. But as usual he didn't give them a second look, as he made his way into the restaurant. They were all there for one thing and one thing only, a meeting to discuss some problems that had been occurring lately with other crime families in the area. He had started immediately looking around the restaurant for his uncle, when his booming voice called out to him. "Ah, welcome!" Aro called in happy delight. Moving forward to greet him and the rest of the men Edward found himself in a tight embrace. "Aro," he said, in greeting, as he hugged his uncle back. "It's so a good to see you," Aro said in his clipped English, still not releasing him. Edward laughed and that's when he saw her over the top of his uncle's head. At first glance, Edward thought she looked like a party girl, standing three tables away from where they where. She had a beautiful smile plastered on her lips, staring towards him and his uncle. That smile he found to be infectious and he couldn't help the sudden overwhelming feeling to smile back. Then she raised her eyes to clash with his, and he had to suck in his breath, eyes widening at the sudden spark of awareness that zinged in the air between them. He could feel his body tense, as he continued to stare at her, an alarm sounded in the back of his mind. It was the kind of a sixth sense, finely tuned from years spent living on the extreme edge. It usually warned him when something was about to go wrong. The sight of a desirable woman had never triggered it before, and he felt a surge of adrenaline kick in. He suddenly had an overpowering need to get a closer look at her, to be near her. Though as he stared at her he realized that thinking she was desirable was an understatement. She was not the voluptuous type, yet there was a subtle invitation in the small curves of her high breasts, he could see outlined beneath the small white cotton blouse, and the flaring of her hips in the black knee length skirt she wore. He could also detect the hint of a reddish tint in her long brown hair illuminated by the overhanging lights. The rich mass curved on each side of her heart-shaped face, the ends caressing her shoulders. For an endless moment Edward absorbed the full force of her chocolate brown eyes. He felt like he was being pulled and held captive by her gaze, and for the life of him he couldn't look away from her in that moment. Sexual energy burned the distance between them. It followed by a flash of primitive recognition that almost rocked him off his feet and overrode the alarm still ringing in his head. He tightened his grip around his uncle as shock waves traveled up his spine and exploded in his head, and slowly he moved his gaze to look away from her. "*Quale è sbagliato?" his uncle Aro asked under his breath, when he noticed the tension that filled his nephews body. Edward quickly pulled out of his embrace, " What is wrong?" his uncle had asked him, but he wasn't sure what had just happened and shook his head indicating that nothing was wrong. When he glanced back over his uncle's shoulder it was to see the beautiful woman walking quickly away toward the back of the restaurant. "Aro, who is that doll?" Edward demanded of his uncle not being able to stand the curiosity eating away at him any longer. Though why he even cared was a mystery to him. Aro turned his head to look in the direction Edward was staring and when he noticed Bella he grinned, instantly aware what was captivating his nephew. "Ah, I see you have already spotted someone that interests you. That is Isabella, one of my waitresses," he said. "Isabella?" Edward whispered. Her name suited her, such a beautiful name for such a beautiful girl, he thought as he kept his gaze on her retreating back. "Si, would you like to meet her? I could have her wait your table no?" Aro asked him, a huge smile on his face. Only to be interrupted by Jessica Stanley who had suddenly decided to make her presence known by latching onto Edward's arm. "Eddie! They're ready to start the meeting, are you coming?" she asked. Edward pried his gaze from the door in which Isabella disappeared behind, and turned his cold gaze on her, before removing her hand from his arm. "Sure doll, whatever you say," then he glanced back to his uncle, "Get her then," he commanded Aro in a low voice before