Disclaimer: It all still belongs to JK Rowling. Lucky lady. But at least we can play with them. A/N: I have had this idea fermenting for quite a while and this chapter has been written for nearly as long. I am a bit stuck on my other two fics, so I thought I would see what you think of this. I know Harry/Ginny is not the most popular ship out there, but my regular readers will know that I really love them. So, let me know what you think, and if I should bother continuing. Oh yeah, readers of Muggle and ASD, do not despair…I have no intention of abandoning either story. A big thanks to Tabitha (ObdisianEmbrace) for her beta services. You're the best Tab. Chapter One: Well, Hello Ginny! Harry Potter leaned in the open driver's door of the car to farewell his cousin. The heavy clouds that were just about ready to dump their load of snow, had rushed the day towards an early twilight—the street lights had flickered on ten minutes earlier—and it was freezing cold. "Say 'hi' to your mum and dad for me," said Harry, grinning and pulling his long coat more tightly around his slender frame. Harry's companion emitted an inelegant snort. "Yeah, right!" Dudley Dursley chortled, his bulky frame, so dissimilar to Harry's slender elegance, was wedged behind the steering wheel. "I'll give them your regards, right after Mum asks me whether you're looking after yourself and eating properly. They both laughed. Even though Dudley and Harry had gotten over their many past differences, Harry's Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon still eschewed anything to do with Harry. Vernon had berated Dudley long and loudly about his continued association with his cousin, but Dudley ignored most of his father's blustering these days. "Are you sure you don't want a lift?" asked Dudley. Harry just looked at him with raised eyebrows. "Dud, I'll be home and lighting my fire before you're out of the car park." Dudley snorted again and turned the ignition key. "Yeah, yeah. I'm sure it must be wonderful to be a wizard." The engine, which had wheezed into life reluctantly in the freezing conditions, coughed and died. Dudley swore and turned the key again. The motor hiccoughed for another second then died again. Dudley, not the most patient of individuals, smashed the steering wheel with clenched fists as big as ham hocks. " Shit! " He tried again but this time the engine didn't even catch. Dudley clenched his fingers around the steering wheel and shut his eyes. He concentrated on taking deep breaths. In, out. In, out. Dudley's eyes snapped open. The car was suddenly burbling away as if it had a Rolls Royce engine under the bonnet. And Harry was putting a long, thin length of tapered wood back in an inside pocket of his overcoat. Dudley's eyes rose to Harry's carefully blank face. "I didn't hear you say anything." "I didn't." Dudley huffed out a breath that indicated that he was partly impressed, but also partly irritated. "Did you just start it or did you replace the bloody engine? It's never sounded this good before." "Just gave it a quick overhaul," said Harry casually. He grinned. "You know; cleaned the filter, adjusted the carburettor, changed the oil, reset the timing." "You're a bloody mechanic, too," groused Dudley. "Hardly," answered Harry his voice now bored. And then when Dudley just continued to gaze through the windscreen with a slightly put out expression on his face, Harry added, "I can put it back the way it was if you'd rather." Dudley's eyes snapped back to Harry's face. "No!" he said, and then, grudgingly, "Thanks." "You're welcome." Dudley pulled the door shut and rolled down the window so that he could continue to talk to his cousin. He pulled the seat belt around his substantial torso. Dudley had lost a lot of weight since his teenage years, but he was still a bear of a man. "You know, Harry, it is really hard not to feel totally jealous of you. Even now, when we've been mates for the last five years." "Dud…" "No, it's not just the magic, though it hardly seems fair that your mum ended up being a witch and my mum didn't, even though they were sisters." He held up his hand for silence when Harry would have interrupted again. "No, it's not just the magic, Cuz. "You're smarter than me, you're good looking. The girls flock to you…" "Dudley! Stop talking bullshit!" Harry finally interrupted. "You've never expressed any desire to be magical. And in case it's slipped you're mind, you're the one with the steady girlfriend, not me. And," he added, more than a little peeved, "while you lament your mother's lack of magical talent—a talent that she would deny ever having wanted, by the way—just remember that she's still here, while my mum—and my dad—were both murdered by a sodding arsehole of a wizard who was responsible for committing thousands of murders and causing mayhem in our world and in yours." Dudley had the grace to look more than a little chagrined. "Sorry, Harry. Ignore me. You know how I run off at the mouth before I put my brain into gear." Harry stepped back as Dudley prepared to drive off. "Are we still on for the nineteenth?" asked Dudley. "Of, course. As things stand at the moment any way." Dudley backed out of his parking spot. Harry raised his hand in farewell. "Say 'hi' to Amanda for me." Dudley stuck his thumb in the air in acknowledgement before moving off at a greater rate of knots than was strictly necessary, or indeed legal within the car park. Harry had planned to Disapparate back to his home but in the end he decided to walk for a little while. He thrust his hands into his pockets and marched to the Main Street where he slowed to a stroll, idly looking in the shop windows. It was nearly Christmas and Harry had not done any shopping yet. Being in a Muggle town, it was the perfect opportunity to look for a present for Arthur Weasley. And Dudley and Amanda. The shop interiors were already lit to ward off the encroaching darkness. A few flakes of snow were drifting down lazily, but Harry's steps kept pace with his thoughts. It had been a long time since Dudley had reacted so negatively to his magic. Not that Harry used it often; in fact it was quite rare for him to use it when he was away from the magical world, other than to Apparate or Disapparate to or from a meeting with Dudley. Of course, he was very careful to appear in, or disappear from, deserted areas. Only twice since he had passed his Apparition test when he turned seventeen—the legal age for a wizard to use magic out of school—had Harry been in the position where he had had to modify the memory of a Muggle who had seen him appear out of nowhere. The spell was simple for Harry. He only had to make his unwitting audiences forget, at the most, fifteen seconds. Still, it was not something he relished doing and so he had become even more careful, Apparating to even more deserted areas and then walking to meet Dudley. He didn't mind. Wizards could become very lazy and Harry didn't want to go down that path. 88 All Harry ended up buying during his stroll were two CDs for Arthur Weasley. For his fiftieth birthday at the beginning of this year, Harry had given Arthur a portable CD player with ear plugs and batteries that he had charmed to continue to recharge themselves. Arthur's eclectic tastes included Elvis Presley and Enya and the two CDs enclosed in appropriate Christmas gift boxes and nestled in the small plastic bag that Harry now carried, were by these two disparate artists. As Harry exited the shop he grinned to himself. Molly Weasley would be more than a little peeved with him because she often complained bitterly that she could no longer have a conversation with her husband as he always had earplugs stuck in his ears listening to that 'infernal caterwauling'. Harry would just have to make sure he got Molly an extra special gift to make up for Arthur's obsession with Muggle music. Since the day Harry had met the Weasley's youngest son, Ron, on the train that was taking them to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to begin their magical education, the two had become inseparable and Harry had rapidly found himself integrated into the Weasley family. Molly Weasley, who already had seven children, had taken the small, scrawny orphan to her heart and even before she had officially met him, she had begun to mother him. For his first Christmas at Hogwarts, Molly had sent Harry a hand knitted jumper and the most wonderful home made fudge that he had ever tasted. Molly was the best cook Harry knew. For the first time that he could remember, Harry had known what it was like to be part of a real family. A family that did not begrudge the air he breathed. He had revelled in the affection lavished on him by the wonderful Molly. Arthur and five out of the six of the remaining Weasley offspring had all been of a like mind and over the years, Harry had become a Weasley in all but name. Of course, he stood out like a sore thumb because every one of the Weasleys had flaming red hair (except Arthur's was thinning and his remaining hair was more grey than red) and Harry's hair was as black as night. Bill and Fleur even designated him as 'uncle' to their boys, Guy (pronounced Gee) and Leon, and Charlie and his wife Devon felt the same way now that they also had a son. Sam was just a month old. Harry was thinking that he would go and look in a Muggle toy shop for the kids' Christmas presents when he found himself walking past a brightly lit café. Thoughts of gifts for the kids still occupied his mind and he had already passed the café's large window when he stopped dead in his tracks. He stood rooted to the spot for several seconds, his brow furrowed and seemingly unaware when a light flurry of snow blew into his face and smeared his glasses. Without thought, he raised his left hand and passed it in front of his face. Immediately, his glasses were snow-free and clean, though his face felt like millions of tiny little icicles were piercing his skin. Surely he had imagined what he thought he had seen because the Weasleys were at the forefront of his mind. And even if he had seen it, red hair while not as common as blonde or brunette, was not unheard of. But that particular shade of red is very distinctive. Harry turned slowly, as if in a dream and found himself back in front of the café window, staring at a young woman who had her back to the window. She was sitting at a table set against the side wall. Her long, straight, flaming red hair was spread over her slight shoulders. It fell to her shoulder blades and an ugly, bulky, olive green jumper enshrouded her torso. Harry shook his head. It couldn't be. Could it? The hair was certainly the right colour. And she appeared to be the same tiny build, even though all he could see of her was the ridiculously large jumper that was so long, she was sitting on it, and a rather thin leg encased in faded denim. Her left elbow rested on the table supporting her head and she appeared to be writing. Harry stared for a full two minutes, hoping the woman would turn her head slightly so that he could see more of her face. His thoughts