Disclaimer: I am not J. . I do not own any works associated with her. Beta'd. Will include paragraphs/lines from original books/movies. Chapter One: Wings of Hermes (or rather, Hagrid) Our story starts on a perfectly, too ordinary Sunday, on a perfectly, too ordinary street, in a perfectly, too ordinary house, cookie-cut from a row of nearly imperceptible non-identical cookie-cut houses. Imperceptible is a word here that means "impossible to notice," so to be nearly imperceptible means to be nearly impossible to notice , or, in other words, rather boring . Within a certain boring, imperceptible, cookie-cut house, labeled Number Four of Privet Drive, lived the Dursleys. The Dursleys lived in a very nice house, in a very nice neighborhood, but they were not very nice people. Petunia Dursley was a tall, thin woman made of sharp angles and an even sharper personality over her rather drab exterior. She had straw-like hair that tended to break when she forced it to curl each morning, and a face stained of expired makeup. She also had a very long, horse-like neck that came in very handy when she wanted to spy on the neighbors. Dudley Dursley was a young tyke with more fat than anything else, and could quite possibly be mistaken for a disfigured piglet. He took little after his mother and much after his father, especially with the sparse blonde strands, of what could be called hair, on his soft head that mirrored his father's moustache. To his parents, there was no finer boy anywhere. Vernon Dursley worked at a company called CoreWorth, that made and sold investments. He was a rather large man; large, being said that if his son could be considered a small piglet than it was no doubt that Vernon was his father. He had a top-bald head with thin blond hair dispersed around the sides and a rather thick walrus-like moustache. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they had a terrible secret. Their worst fear was that someone would find out their worst secret—that someone would find out about the Potters . Lily Potter was Petunia's older sister, but Petunia hadn't been in contact with her for many, many years. In fact, Mrs. Dursley liked to pretend that she didn't have a sister, because freakish Lily Potter and her freakish husband were as strange and as unnatural and as un-Dursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to imagine what the neighbors would think, if the Potters arrived on the street. Petunia use to spend Sundays at Saint Catherine's Mercy praying for her ex-sister's misfortune until she fell pregnant with her beautiful boy. She had learned that her ex-sister also had a small boy through her mother, a foolish saint in Petunia's eyes, but Petunia made sure her family never even saw him. This child that was sure to be freakish just like his parents was another good reason for keeping away from the Potters; they didn't want Dudley contaminated with their sort. When Mr. And Mrs. Dursley awoke perfectly, too ordinary Sunday where our story starts, in the cookie-cut house you may remember was imperceptible from the beginning, there was nothing strange or unnatural outside to suggest that peculiar things would soon be happening all over the country. Mrs. Dursley slipped on a well-used robe that Mr. Dursley had bought her long ago, and went to quell the piercing shrieks of her hungry two-year old son. Mr. Dursley simply grumbled and rolled over agitatedly in the queen sized mattress-sag, that served as his side of the bed and went back to sleep, as was their morning routine since the birth of dearest Dudley. It wouldn't be until seven-a.m (as Dudley had a nasty habit of waking up at five) that Petunia would have already had Dudley fed, dressed, sitting in his papoose ready for church, as well as preparing breakfast and ironing her and Vernon's church wear for today. She slipped back into her shared bedroom and gently roused her husband, who was full of nasty complaints that Petunia met with a stiff smile. Mr. Dursley complained about early services under his breath as he slipped on a rather plain looking grey tie, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away, rather oblivious as she wrestled with a set of faux, gaudy pearls around her neck. Unfortunately, or possibly fortunately, depending on whether or not you were a Dursley, neither of them seemed to notice the small elf owl perched precariously outside their window. If they had, then maybe their day had gone a bit differently. Perhaps Mrs. Dursley would have shrieked much like her squalling son instead of complaining to Mr. Dursley about needing a new Sunday dress. Perhaps Mr. Dursley would have insisted upon staying home instead of venturing to the not-so-nearby St. Catherine's to ensure no more owls or freakish animals appeared at their abode. Perhaps, just perhaps, if the Dursleys had noticed these things, they would have discarded the small boy they were soon to find on their doorstep and our story would be going quite differently. In any case, the Dursleys did not notice the small elf owl that seemed to be glaring at the two each time the ventured past the bedroom window. Instead, at half-past seven, Mrs. Dursley wrestled with Dudley's papoose in the car as Mr. Dursley stuck one of many keys into the front door's keyhole and waddled to the driver's side of the car. "Little tyke," Mr Dursley had chortled, when finally adjusting his seat for the sixteenth time, as Dudley began tantruming and hit his mother in the face. It wasn't until the corner of Privet Drive that Mrs. Dursley noticed the first sign of something unusual. A cat reading a map. At first, Mrs. Dursley couldn't believe her eyes, and jerked her head around to look again. There, on the curb of the street, was a cat, simply sitting. There wasn't a map, let alone a scrap of paper, in sight. What could she have been thinking? She tittered a laugh to herself, gaining an odd look from her husband as they stopped at the stop sign. She stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley began to press again on the peddle and pass the corner to drive up the road Mrs. Dursley watched the cat in the mirror. It was now reading the large stone sign that said Privet Drive—no, it was looking at the sign. Cats couldn't read maps or signs, or anything else for that matter. Mrs. Dursley gently fluffed her coarse hair and put the cat out of her mind, focusing on whether or not she believed Dudley could be old enough to learn anything at Children's Church. But by the edge of Padstow, where their church was located, Dudley's courses at Children's Church had all but been put out of Petunia's mind. As the Dursleys sat in their usual Sunday morning traffic jam they couldn't help but notice there seemed to be quite a bit of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley began to rave about 'the get-ups you see on young people these days!' as people dressed in anything even slightly unordinary seemed to personally offend him. Mrs. Dursley's face began to pinch with the scowling sneer set up on her face, nodding her head with Vernon's tirade against the 'immigrant influence.' Mr. Dursley began drumming his fingers angrily against the steering wheel as his eyes fell on a huddle of those weirdos standing quite close by. Aliens, they were. He knew. They were whispering excitedly together. ' Probably a terrorist plot ,' Mr. Dursley had thought. He became especially enraged, so much so that his wife put a hand over his beefy arm in comfort, when he saw that these terrorists weren't young men at all. They were older than Mr. Dursley himself! Wearing ridiculously bright colours; yellows and blues and violets, all with glittering sequins that sparkled with every minimalistic swish (if one with an outfit like that could use a word such as) . Mr. Dursley began to feel the smallest traces of fear roll inside him like the beads of sweat down his temple. Was this some sort of bombing? A distraction? Mrs. Dursley simply cooed at both her husband and her grunting son, assuring them both that it must be part of some silly stunt. Of course! That must be it. A silly stunt. The traffic moved a few minutes later as they arrived into the St. Catherine's parking lot, the elder Dursleys discussing whether it was more beneficial to have Dudley in Children's Church or the Adult's church. The Dursleys always sat in the fourth row on the isle side because Mr. Dursley worked as an usher, but only helped collect donations and if a few tithings fell into his pocket, well, that was nobody's business. If he hadn't then perhaps they would had noticed the many owls swooping to and fro past the delicately colored glass windows. As it was, once again, the peculiarity passed them by and went on to be noticed by the passer-bys outside who gazed open-mouthed at the owls that sped overhead. Many of them had never even seen an owl, even at nighttime. Mr., Mrs., and tiny Dudley Dursley, however, had a very normal, owl-free morning. Mr. Dursley pocketed an extra forty-six pounds, Mrs. Dursley gossiped with Mrs. Greer and Mrs. Blanton about Ms. Figg, and Dudley fussed with his seat straps and threw his toys at the people in the row in front. All in all, they were in a very good mood until lunchtime after the first service when they decided to eat out with Vernon's extra pocket money. They had forgotten all about the freaks in cloaks until they passed by a gaggle of them on the sidewalk next to the Diner. Mr. Dursley eyed them angrily as he and his wife passed by, Mrs. Dursley clutching Dudley's carrier closer to her bust. These freaks made them uneasy. This bunch seemed to be whispering excitedly, too, and Mr. Dursley couldn't spot a single collecting tin these sorts usually carried. It wasn't till they were inside did the Dursleys catch snippets of what was being said by the cloak-clad weirdos infesting the diner (both except Dudley, who was more interested in stealing bites from both his parents' plates) . "The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard, in Mungo's—" "Yes, their son Hari—" Mr. Dursley tripped over a table, nearly sending Petunia sprawling. A waitress rushed over to help him and was rudely knocked away. Mrs. Dursley set Dudley on the table that was uprighted and helped her husband up into a chair. Mr. Dursley began muttering to his wife fearfully, about the you-know-whos and the conversation overhead. Mrs. Dursley simply snipped at him that he was being ridiculous, and that it could be anyone they were speaking about "with those sorts of people, Vernon. Those people haven't an original thought in their head, let alone names." Mr. Dursley stroked his mustache and bobbed his head, agreeing. Potter wasn't such an uncommon name, especially for those who stole their way into his good country. He was sure there were several Potters who had a son named Harry, especially those who tried to pass for English. Come to think of it, the Dursleys weren't even sure their nephew's name was Harry. It could be Harvey, or Henry, or something just as freakish as they are. Petunia was right; there was no point in worrying (especially when it upset Mrs. Dursley so) . He didn't blame her—if he'd had a sister like that...but all the same, those freaks in cloaks… They ordered their food from the same flustered waitress whom Mr. Dursley had shoved, and sipped haughtily from their teacups as they arrived. The tray arrived a few minutes later, with Mrs. Dursley's plate of eggs and toast and Mr. Dursley's plates of pancakes, eggs, sausage, bacon, and