Second year Pen's POV I was pushing my trolley to the platform to catch my train to school. And I got a flashback to the first time my friends and I went to Hogwarts for our first year. *Flashback* I was walking beside my best friend, Kate Zabibi, and my friend who I thought of as a sister, Hermione Granger. Ever since that day in the wizard book shop in Diagon Alley the two of us have been spending the whole time together. My dad was thrilled that I was making friends outside the family circle. Kate's twin brother was with us too. "Oh, my, Kate. Can you believe it? We are finally starting out first year at Hogwarts." I said as I pushed my trolley to the barrier. "I know. I wonder what house we will be in?" My over excited friend asked as she hopped along beside me. Kate never just walks, she hops. "I want to be in Slytherin." Balise says as he walks beside his sister. "Me too." I say. I look at my sorta sister. We are not blood sisters. But we love the same things its almost like we could be sisters. So we call each other sister. "Sis, will you be reading that the whole trip?" Hermione is still reading 'Hogwarts a History' for the tenth time. I know. I have counted. She is trying to memorize it or something. "Huh?" Hermione says not looking up from the book. Kate rolls here eyes. She can not figure out how I can be friends with a witch born in a muggle family. 'Mud-blood' is what they call them. But there is nothing different about Hermione, and when Kate or her brother call her that foul word, I get vary upset. So they don't say it. But they don't like her either. Kate has not stopped being my friend just because I hang out with Hermione either, and that was a shook for me. We finally get to the barrier into Platform 9¾. "Meet you on the other side." I say and walk into the wall. It was like walking into an inadvisable arch way. One minuet I was looking at a wall, the next I was looking at a big red train engine. I quickly got out of the way because, no sooner had I walked thru, Balise, Kate, and Hermione, who had put her book down long enough to walk thru the barrier, were right behind me passing thru to get to the platform. "OH, MY. JUST LOOK AT THAT TRAIN!" Kate shouted over the loud noises. The loud screams of kids running up and down the platform, and the loud noise coming from the train. I see Draco run up to us. "Zabiniet. You know I can hear you from the train cars. You are loud." Draco says looking at Kate playfully. Kate just punches him in the arm and laughs. "Malfoy. You may be my brother's best friend, but I can still whoop you." Draco holds the arm that she punched and laughs. I look at the closest train car and run to it. "Come on you two or the best seats will be taken." I did not see where I was going, so I did not see the person that I bumped into when I ran into the train. "Oops, sorry." Was all I said as I ran by. "Pen. Slow down." Kate calls after me and runs to keep up. "Sorry." She says to the dark haired boy with glasses that I ran into. "It's no big deal." Harry said as he looked at the girl with the long black hair running off in front of him. We all load on the train and look for a compartment to sit in. "I found one." Draco says as he opens the compartment door. "There is only room for four of us. Who is not staying?" Kate asks, looking at everyone. "I think I saw a compartment with two first years. I want to go say hi." Hermione says, as she walk away. "My sister sure has a big heart. Must get it from her mother." I say. I sit on the left side of the compartment looking out the window. Kate sits next to me. Draco sits across from me. While Balise sits next to him across from his sister. Hermione's POV I walk up to the compartment that I had seen the first years. One was a dark haired boy with glasses, the other, a red head with freckles. "May I come in?" I ask. "Wait." The dark haired boy says. "Weren't you with that girl?" The red head laughs. "Huh?" I ask. Completely confused. "She ran into the train and bumped into him." The red head says pointing to the dark haired boy. "And you don't remember it? Where were you?" The red head continues. "Oh you must mean, my sister. She is always running into strangers. It's a miracle that she is still single. May I sit?" I say in one breath. Pointing to one of the available seats. "Yes." The dark haired one says. I sit down across from the dark haired boy. "What do you mean, "sister"?" The dark haired boy asks. "You don't look like her." The red haired said. I looked at the boys and laughed. "We are not blood related if that's what you mean. We call each other sister, because we have so much in common." I say still laughing. Once I had stopped I looked at the dark haired boy and asked. "What is your name?" The dark haired boy pulled his glasses away from his face to clean them and said. "Harry Potter." I nodded my head. "Nice to meet you. And you are?" I looked at the red head. He was stuffing chocolate in his mouth like he had not had an ounce to eat. It was disgusting. Who raised him, some pigs? "Ron Wesley." He said with a mouth full of food. "My pleasure." I sarcastically say back. "My name is Hermione Granger." I got up. "I think we will be arriving at school soon. I think you two should get dressed." I walk to the door. But stopped, I turned to Ron. "You have dirt on your nose. Right there." I point to my own nose to show him where it was. And turned to walk down the corridor. Just as Ron rubs the dirt on his nose. Pen's POV "Firs' years. Firs' years over here." There came a booming voice. Me and my friends looked to see where the voice was coming from and saw a giant walking toward us. He had on a brown coat and was holding up a lantern. His beard was long, bushy, and black. And so was his hair. There was so much hair that you could hardly see his face. And he was calling all first years. "C'mon, follow me – any more firs' years? Mind yer step now! Firs' years follow me!" He turned around and walked toward a lake. And floating in the lake were small boats. "Yeh'll get your firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," The giant said. "Jus' as soon as the sky clears." And soon the fog lifted and there were "Oooooh!" through out the kids. It was beautiful. We walked up to the boats and the giant stopped and turned around. "No more than four to a boat." The giant said as he helped kids into the boats. I walked up and Draco helped me and Kate into the boat. Balise followed. I saw Hermione get into a boat with a red head, a black haired boy and a plump kid looking at his toad. "That was the kid you bumped into at the station." Kate said pointing to the black haired kid. "Oops." Was all I said. "Everyone in?" The giant asked as he stood in a boat by himself. "Right then – FORWARD!" He shouted and the boats moved on there own. I looked at the castle as it drew closer. "Heads up." The giant said as the boats reached the cliff. It was forever before they reached the harbor. But the boats hit the pebble ground and came to a stop. I climbed out and my friends followed me. We followed the giant until we came upon two huge double doors. The giant hit it three times. It took awhile till there was an answer. I was right behind the giant. I tugged on his brown coat. The giant looked down at me. "What is your name?" I asked. "Rubeus Hagrid. Keeper of keys and grounds here at Hogwarts." Hagrid said. I looked up at him with wide eyes. "I know of you. My dad told me you got expelled in your third year." Hagrid just nodded. Just then the door opened and a tall witch in bright green was standing there. *End flash back* I looked out the window, watching the scenery fly by as the train slowly made its way to Hogwarts. One year had gone by in a flash. Me and Kate were sorted into Slytherin, and so were Balise and Draco. Hermione was sorted into Grifindor, along with her new friends Ron Wesley and Harry Potter. I looked down at my green and black robs. Dad was happy that I was in Slytherin. And to be honest I was too. My best friend is in my house. But I have to hear her and Draco constantly at it about one thing or another. But on the plus side. The library is always open and I can go there when ever I need some me time. And there is always Hermione. She is at the library almost the same time I am. I looked up at the sound of the candy trolley. "Anything from the trolley dear?" The witch who pushes the trolley asked me. "Three chocolate frogs, and a pumpkin pasty." I said after some thought. "That will be three sickles and a knut." The old lady said. I rummaged around in my hand purse but I did not have enough. "Only the pumpkin pasty." I said handing her two sickles. "I'll pay for those." A male voice said. I looked up and saw Fred Wesley in line next to me. I knew it was him, because he was wearing his twin brothers sweater with the capital letter 'G' on it. I blushed. "You don't need to do that. I don't need the extra weight." I said taking the pasty from the lady. "Ok. Three chocolate frogs please." Fred said to the lady. He gave her the sickle and knut. And walked off with the three frogs. I watched him walk away before I turned to enter my own compartment the blush still on my face. When will I get the nerve to start a full conversation with him with out going red in the face. Fred's POV I walked back to where Gorge and Lee were waiting for me. Lee was laughing at a joke Gorge had just told more like. My twin looked at me. "Where is the licorice wand I asked for?" Gorge asked me with hungry eyes. "What?" I asked sense my head was back three compartments. Lee looked at me. "You feeling ok Fred?" He asked. There was worry in his eyes. "You know he is right. You never forget to get me my Licorice wands. What happened Freddie?" Gorge asked me after I had sat down. "Nothing. Just got there and it slipped my mind." At this I slipped the three frogs into my luggage and sat back down. "There is some thing up. You just put three chocolate frogs into your luggage and did not eat them. What happened? Did you see Kwelrman?" Lee asked. My head shot up. "You kidding me. I have not seen that little weasel sense he called Hermione a 'Mud-blood'." I snap. Remembering