Chapter | Aberrations and Revelations | One Behind the wheel of my Ford Focus, I drove at an aggressive and overwhelming speed. There was no intended destination in my distraught mind, only a definitive purpose that propelled me to slam my foot down harder, accelerate faster, to get away now . Lights blurred past me in streams of neon. Yellow, blue, red, orange, green, purple: all disturbing my sight as I raced through and out of the city limits. I passed the sign too fast to read it. I didn't need to, having already known what it said. " Welcome to Chicago ". It was at this point in time that the tears streamed down my freckled cheeks, my face twisting into an expression of intense anguish. Trees gradually started to crowd the road as the lights disappeared. My car crashed through a pile of dead leaves, a funnel of dull colors swirling around and hitting my window shield. The leaves darkened, becoming damp from the snow that steadily started to increase in amount. The longer I drove the harder it became to see. The illuminated guide lines began to blur, appearing every which way after blinking my eyes to rid them of the tears. No matter how much my rational thoughts shouted at me to "be sensible and pull the damn car over", I was inconvincible and inconsolable. Nothing could stop me, or the images and words that threatened to break me down. My eyes drifted to the passenger seat were my purse was hazardously thrown when I had jump into my car. Half the contents were shown about the seat, including my phone that glowed bright from all the messages I've received and haven't answered. But it wasn't the phone I focused on; it was my wallet that lay open on a picture of my grandma. A younger version of me was watering the plants in her greenhouse while she stood behind me, sneaking a small stem of lilacs into my hair. My face looked mildly startled by the sudden touch, but Grams was smiling, amusement dancing in her bright eyes. Staring at this picture, I wished that life was as simple as it used to be then, but even more than that I wished I could be someone else. Someone strong who knows how to handle the hardships life throws at them instead of running away like a coward. Someone who is responsible and does what is right not because they know they should but because they truly want to do the right thing. Someone, anyone , but me. But at least I finally had a destination. It would be a long flight and I wouldn't have much money left after buying the ticket, but I knew Grams would welcome me with open arms, no questions asked. I would be going somewhere that held only happy memories for me instead of all the painful ones I received while living in Chicago. With that thought I could already feel the ache in my heart lessen and my mind become a little clearer. And then suddenly I came back to myself entirely, realizing that I had become lost on an unfamiliar dirt road, going 60 mph. My breath hitched and I quickly decelerated, now fully comprehending the danger I stupidly put myself in by driving in such a wretched emotional state. I only just caught the turn sign, completely missing what the advisory speed was, when my car abruptly dipped low into the road, slushy mud from the snow splashing all over my windshield. Not knowing where the turn began I slammed on the brakes without thinking, but it was too late. Tires grind loudly against the dirt, metal groans as the front end crumples into folds upon impact with the tree, the windshield shatters into tiny, deadly pieces of glass, and pain, unbearable pain explodes throughout my body as it slams forward with such brute force, colliding into the airbag. There isn't even a second to think before the immense agony thrusts my world in the dark. I woke up with a start, gasping for air, only to find out that I didn't need it. I was breathing just fine. My eyes blinked rapidly, trying to rid the fogginess from sleep. As soon as my sight had cleared I looked myself over, not finding a scratch on me. My gaze then moved up and around, taking in the rows of people lounging back in the chairs one would find on a plane. It was just a dream then. I leaned back with a sigh of relief. The pain was gone- no- it was fake, it wasn't real. It didn't happen. Just a dream. Letting out another sigh, I ran my fingers through my hair, and before I could start questioning myself about when and how I got on the plane, I winced as my palm brushed against my right eyebrow. "Oh, you're awake now." The voice startled me. I looked to my right were an older woman, maybe in her mid-fifties, looked me over with a concerned expression. "That was some nasty fall you took, dear." She elaborated at seeing the confusion on my face. "You've been knocked out for an hour now. You tripped out of nowhere coming back from the bathroom, head thumping against the corner of your seat quite painfully. Those are some terrible left feet you have there, sweetie," she said, her face full of sympathy. She then began to explain the short lived worry of the passengers at my fall. A few people began crowding around me, until finally a flight attendant showed up and calmed everyone down, declaring it a simple cut and that I would wake up any minute. I rubbed the small Band-Aid gently. "I suppose that's why I don't remember getting to the airport or on the plane," I mumbled, some of my confusion clearing up. Though, I found it seriously pathetic that I tripped over nothing and got knocked out of it for nearly an hour. That definitely does not sound like something I'd do. The lady gave me a small smile. "Look on the bright side, dear. We're half way closer to landing in Seattle, and at least you didn't have to be awake during all that turbulence. I never liked flying." A flight attendant appeared a minute later, offering me bottled water and asking if I was okay. I reassured her I was fine and thanked her for the much needed water. My mouth was really dry after waking up. The scar on my forehead started to throb. It made me realize that I never got a look at it myself to judge how bad it is. I wasn't worried about my appearance; I was worried about Grams thinking someone physically hurt me. I don't plan on telling her why I left home in such a rush and I know she'll give me space and not ask about it, but if she even believes for a second that someone might have raised their hand at me I'd have to spill the entire story. When Grams wants to know something, she'll figure it out at any cost. I quietly excused myself from the old lady's conversation to go to the bathroom. She had introduced herself as Deborah Crothers and promptly began talking about her reason for moving back to Washington. I nodded and commented on certain things she said. Only half of what she talked about interested me, but I still politely listened instead of tuned her out. I was grateful for how nice she treated me after bumping my head. I'm not quite sure what I would have done if I had woken up next to someone that yelled and treated me rudely. The last few days have been so rough that I doubt I could have dealt with it. "Oh! Well, if you got to go don't let me keep you here. I know I let my mouth get away from me sometimes," Deborah said, smiling as she ushered me out of my seat. I gave her a weak smile in return. As soon as I stood I realized I really did need to go and walked a little faster to the bathroom, but after almost tripping again I slowed down. Don't want another mishap and then forget the three hour bus ride all the way to Grams house. Now that I think about it though... If there is one thing I really hate about flying, it's how small the bathrooms are. I bumped my elbow against the wall twice trying to pull my pants up and jabbed my hip into the corner of the sink when washing my hands. Either hitting my head put me off balance or I've suddenly been cursed with a clumsy body. Shaking the thought out my head, I looked into the mirror to access the damage to my forehead- only to have a startled squeal make its way through my throat. I jumped back from the mirror, my back slamming into the wall roughly. A girl my age stared at me. Her skin was pale and she had a long dark brown hair that framed her heart-shaped face. Brown eyes flickered every which way, alarmed and frightened as she looked me over. It took half a minute to realize that I was the only one in the room. Five seconds to realize this girl was me. I let out a scream. Not a moment later there was a loud knock against the door. A voice spoke on the other side, saying things I couldn't hear or understand. The only thing running through my head is this is not my body. Why do I look like this? What happened to me? This is not my body! I was in hysterics, my breathing so erratic that I was sure my heart might stop. This isn't possible. This can't be happening. What do I do, what do I do ? The voice was there again, sounding worried this time. A split-second thought crossed my mind, one that told me the voice was coming from one of the flight attendants that worked on the plane. Plane. With that single thought, I forced myself to calm down. The rational part of me came back, telling me that I was on a plane and that screaming was one of the last possible things you should do while on one. It would start a panic much worse than what I'm going through. There was another bang on the door. "Miss, are you alright?" I took a deep breath and then another one before answering in a shaky voice. "I'm f-fine." And knowing they wouldn't believe it unless I came out, I opened the door slowly. "I'm fine," I repeated, my voice a little more steady this time. The flight attendant, who I realized was the one that gave me the bottled water, looked me over with a skeptical eye. "Could you please tell me why you screamed, Miss?" I racked my brain for some type of logical explanation to use for this situation. Finally, I came up with the best excuse I could think of. "I am really sorry for the disturbance," I told her quietly feeling my cheeks heat up. It would be in my best interest to come off as innocently as possible. "I guess I'm not feeling better like I thought. I got dizzy for a second and fell over and my elbow hit the sink." Looking at my elbow now, I almost sighed in relief. A bruise was starting to form there, making my story sound more legit. I glanced at her with a shy and embarrassed expression on my face. "I have a really low tolerance for pain," I lied, and then looked down at my feet. The woman sighed softly. "That explains why you passed out earlier, huh? Even I couldn't believe you got knocked out from such a simple