Title: The Entwives' Garden Author: Old Tommy B Disclaimer: I own nothing Please review, it let's me know someone's reading my material. I---------- " 'You never see any, hm, any Ents round there, do you?' Treebeard asked. 'Well, not Ents, Entwives I should really say.' ' Entwives?' Said Pippin. 'Are they like you at all?' 'Yes, hm, well no: I do not really know now,' said Treebeard thoughtfully. 'But they would like your country, so I just wondered.' " .- The Two Towers, book 3, chapter 4. " 'Alright,' said Sam, laughing with the rest. 'But what about these tree-men, these giants, as you might call them? They do say that one bigger than a tree was seen up away beyond the North Moors not long back.' " .- The Fellowship of the Ring, book 1, chapter 2. I---------- "Oy, Pippin!" called Meriadoc Brandybuck, causing the small figure walking towards the Hedge to start. "And where do you thing you're going?" Peregrine Took turned, his displeasure evident. "Well!" he exclaimed, "It seems I can't go anywhere without you tagging along!" "Not when you're visiting Brandy Hall as my guest, at least. And certainly not when you've never gotten around to telling me why you're suddenly interested in dropping by after you went and disappeared for more than a month without saying a word." Pippin rolled his eyes, and walked over to his friend. "You aught to keep your voice down, Merry. The sun's not yet up, and decent folk are trying to sleep." "And if decent folk are in bed, then what's that make you, then?" "The same thing it makes you, I'll wager. Now let me be, Merry! I'm out for an early morning stroll is all, and I'd just as soon walk alone." "A stroll my eye. You're looking for the Gate!" "Well, so what if I am?" "Pippin, it's dangerous in the Old Forest! If you're planning on going, at least let me come with you. Besides," Merry added with a grin, "You haven't got a key." Pippin's face fell, and he muttered something unintelligible under his breath. Finally, he said, "Well, alright then. I suppose it wouldn't be quite the same going off on a wild goose chase without you." "Of course it wouldn't, Pip. Now come with me. You're at the wrong edge of the wall anyway." I---------- After they had walked together for several minutes in uncomfortable silence, Merry finally burst. "Well Pippin, are you going to tell me what we're looking for, or aren't you? A fine adventure this'll be if I spend it all in the dark." A broad smile crept across Pippin's face as he said, his voice dripping with false innocence, "Why Merry, I thought you'd never ask!" As Merry glowered, Pippin's face grew a bit more serious, and he began, "Well, ever since we came back from the Quest, I've been thinking about what Treebeard said to us. You know, about the Entwives?" Merry nodded, and Pippin continued, "Well, for a long time my head was full of other things, what with the dreadful shape the Shire was in when we came back, and us trying to fix everything up and all. But lately his words had pushed their way back up to the front of my mind, and I started thinking. 'Well Peregrine,' I said to myself, 'You made a promise, and it's high time you saw to it.' And so I went to the North Downs, and to Bindale, and everywhere else I could think to look, chasing after bits of rumor and local legends. And everywhere I went, I found nothing. Nothing! But then I thought, 'Well, what about the Old Forest, then?' " Here Merry, who had been listening with growing interest, interrupted and said, "Now Pip, I've been in there more than once, and strange or not, the trees aren't at all like old Treebeard was. In fact, they remind me more of the Huorns, only quieter. Less awake, I would say. That, and it's as if they've all gone bad without anyone to tend them." "Yes Merry, but who else lives in the Old Forest? Someone who seems to know all there is to tell about this part of the world, and who just might know something about the Entwives, if any ever came near these parts?" "Tom Bombadil," whispered Merry. "Of course." Then, turning to his friend with a look of wonder, he exclaimed, "Why Pippin, I do believe you had a good idea!" "Well, I was about due, I dare say. In any case, we seem to have reached the Gate, unless that hole in the Hedge is just for show." I---------- With a muted clang, the gates closed again behind the hobbits. Both turned and looked at the trees, which stood unmoving in the unnaturally still air. There was no sound of bird or wind, and even their own breathing seemed piercing and intrusive. "Well, Pip," whispered Merry as quietly as he could (though to his ears his voice was still uncomfortably loud), "Perhaps you'd best tell me how you plan on us finding Old Tom before we head in. For my part, I'd just as soon not be stuck hoping he rescues us again. He may have come and saved us once before, but I think it was more by chance than by design." Pippin looked towards the trees, and shuddered at the memory of Old Man Willow. "Actually, I was rather hoping he'd just…show up. You know, maybe he'd be happy to see us again," he finished lamely. "Well, he's not here yet. Have you got another idea?" They both stood in silence for a moment, pondering. Then Pippin suddenly snapped his fingers, exclaiming, "I've got it!" Merry jumped, and whispered hotly, "Keep your voice down, will you? Now what have you got?" "The song Tom taught us Merry, the song!" Pippin explained in an excited whisper. "We'll just sing the song he taught us on the day we left his home, and he'll come to us!" "I don't know, Pip. I seem to remember that song being for if we were in danger. Besides, I don't remember all the words anymore. It's been a while, after all." "Well, I think it started with 'Hey Tom Bombadillo, ho Tom…' no, 'Ho Bombadil…Ho Tom…hmm…' " Pippin trailed of into thought. Then, as they stood, a voice came drifting down from the forest. Both hobbits instantly pricked up their ears, hoping the voice was Tom's, but instead came a sound they had not heard before. There were no words, only a low hum which drifted from note to note like a trickle of rainwater splashing down a hill. The voice could almost have been another hobbit's, but the melody was at once softer and stronger than any that Merry or Pippin had ever heard in the Shire. The voice seemed to drift along, coming ever closer to where the two stood. Both waited, entranced, until at length the voice emerged, along with its owner, out of the trees before them. "Farmer Maggot!" Exclaimed Merry. "Well, if you aren't a most unexpected and blessed sight!" Pippin said nothing, and so great was his surprise that he scarce remembered to breath, and would have gone quite blue in the face had not Maggot broken the tension then by opening his own mouth. "Well now, what have we here? Peregrine Took and Meriadoc Brandybuck, by the looks of it. And where might you two be off to? It's not often I see another hobbit on this side of the Hedge." Pippin heaved a quick breath in, while Merry explained their errand. "…And he's the last person we could think to ask if we're to keep our promise. But now that we're in, we've no idea how to find Tom. Have you by any chance seen him while you were in…there?" He gestured vaguely towards the trees. Maggot let out a hearty laugh, and whatever vestiges of the wood's oppressive silence remained were swept away. "Seen him? Lad's I'm just coming back from a visit to him! Here now, if you like, I'll take you back to his house. He may have left by now, but Goldberry at least should still be about." I---------- The three walked through the woods, with Farmer Maggot leading. He had begun his song again, and it seemed to Merry and Pippin that the trees parted ways for him as he stepped, for the path he led them down was so straight and clear that even a blind man could have walked it safely. At first the two remained quiet, but soon they began speaking softly once more. "Now Merry, do you suppose Old Tom will remember us?" "I'll wager he does, Pip. He seems to know quite a lot about quite a bit, if you understand me. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me a bit if he already knew what we were here for." "Well, that would make the asking a bit easier. You know, the only other time we've seen Tom and Goldberry was in the autumn. Do you suppose they wear clothing to match the seasons?" "You mean, do I think they dress for the weather?" "Well, yes, but I was also thinking that perhaps they change their colors. You know, and maybe wear less yellow and more green in summer?" The conversation ran on like this for some time, both hobbits feeling quite at ease with Farmer Maggot to guide them. In fact, it seemed like no time at all to them (though in fact by that time the sun was already past its peak) before they heard a light, airy voice come skipping past their ears: x Summer-time is still in prime, and sun is brightly shining, Best the time for telling tales, best the time for rhyming. Merry be the coming of a favored friend or guest, And only made the merrier, because the time is best! x And with that, the hobbits suddenly found themselves standing once more before the house of Tom Bombadil. I---------- If Bombadil's home was familiar to both Merry and Pippin, it was at once far different than they remembered, and every change seemed to be for the better if that were possible. When they had come before in the autumn, the house had looked a thing of reds and yellows and oranges, and its beauty was beyond question. But now, with Midyear's Day yet a week away, his home seemed to burst with color. Flowers of every shape and hue surrounded it, and it was as though the walls reflected each shade cast upon them in yet greater measure. But most stunning of all was the lady Goldberry, who stood before the open door. Fair was she in the memories of the two, yet she stood before them now in splendor redoubled, a creature of summer revealed at the height of her majesty. Yellow tresses framed her ageless face, pale and lovely as a new budded lily. She wore a dress of white, and set against the vibrancy of color which abounded her on every side she seemed as a swan among darting songbirds, noblest and most beautiful to behold. A belt of gold about her slender waist glinted in the sunlight, and a silver necklet shimmered as she moved, yet the greatest and most radiant light came from her eyes, and it seemed not that it was merely reflected, but that it shown from her by its own power, and would have been no less brilliant were she standing in total darkness. Farmer Maggot bowed gracefully, and Merry and Pippin followed suit after a few moments, awkwardly lowering their bodies without once dropping their eyes from the Lady. "Back so soon, honored friend? But we had hardly parted! And with you two young hobbits who have been here once before? Glad shall such a meeting be, once Tom is returned." Her voice was so ethereal that