DISCLAIMER: I'm sure you understand the drill by now. I own nothing but the characters you don't freakin' recognize. SUMMARY: Legolas Greenleaf has found his love, his goddess, but on the eve of their departure to Mirkwood, her past discovers her in the form of an Angel. The lover scorned always returns. Rating: M for violence/gore/sexual situations A Brief Note: This story is a sequel to my first Tainted with Memories and Scars. I strongly suggest you read this, as you may get lost in this story otherwise. What to Expect: Violence and gore and sex. Confusing plotlines and odd flashbacks. Original characters of strange and frightening behaviors. Legomance…Mary Sue…whatever you wish to call it. No more notes from me, this is the only time I will ever address you the reader in my story. Except at the end, where I will publicly thank all reviewers. I hope none of you are too put off by this and I appreciate any suggestions or critic you plan to give. Casus Belli – A Latin expression meaning the justification for acts war. OoOoOoOoOo Their bodies entwined, her legs tangled with his, and her body laid next to him. Pale skin almost glowed in the afternoon sun, setting her raven hair aflame in blue. Her lashes were not exception to this, and as Legolas Greenleaf stared at his lover's sleeping face, he could almost clearly imagine her as an Angel, stares lining the emerald irises. Part of him wished she would open her eyes, so he could be lost in that sea of green. The other part of him, the reasonable part, told him to wait and enjoy this peace for now. She needed rest. For many weeks, she did nothing but sleep, eat, and make love to him. When he confessed some confusion to her actions, she answered him simply: " I can sleep with you here ," she had mumbled into the bare skin of his chest, " and be undaunted by night terrors ." Occasionally, he asked her about these dreams, these "night terrors," as she called them. In response, she would only smile and direct his attention elsewhere, normally to the bed, where they would spend hours memorizing the curves of each other's bodies. The places that made each other moan and gasp were open territory and, in just a few weeks time, no longer a mystery. And each time before the anticipated connection, prior to the threat of climax, and during the art of foreplay, she told him a tale of a scar. So far, he estimated, he knew at least thirty of the hundreds etched into her back. The ink she had kept silent about. But today was the day, she promised him the night before. She sighed in her sleep, and against his bare chest, her eyelids fluttered. Something in his stomach tightened, excited by even the simplest of movements from her. Patiently, breathlessly, he waited for her to wake. He studied her expression of utter peace before the smooth lids receded. Wordlessly, she began to kiss his torso, giggling girlishly as she heard him try and contain his gasps. She began to hum, and the buzzing of her lips against his abdomen felt almost too much to bear. "Let me hear your voice," he encouraged her. Trinity's lips pulled back into a complete smile, one of pure content. She kissed his neck, singing softly under her breath she did so, "Beneath the roof of sleeping leaves – " She worked her way down, inch by inch, until her eyes were level with his breast, the place where his heart thumped unsteadily. "And the dreams of trees unfold." Gently, she leaned in, biting his nipple just enough to make him groan. "When Woodland halls are green and cool – " Moving lower, she sucked tenderly at the sensitive place just above his navel. "And the wind is in the west." He tried not to shudder as he gripped her upper arms, leading her mouth to his. Playfully, she resisted his kiss, and instead moved her teeth and tongue to the tip of his ear. "Come back to me." His hands moved up her back, feeling the scars' texture and he struggled against the growing arousal. "Come back to me," she whispered hotly in his ear. She settled herself on his lap, running her fingers through his hair. Teasingly, her sweet mouth moved towards his, hesitating until he thought he would drown with his need for her. "And say my land is best." Her mouth claimed his in conclusion, and as their tongues battled for dominance, he found himself wondering how she did this almost every morning for the past five weeks. How did she entice him so quickly? How could the feel of her grinding her hips into his feel so right? Her hands began to move dangerously low, over his chest and stomach, closer and closer to the harden organ between his thighs. He bit down on her tongue lightly, and felt her tremble in his arms, a small reminder that this was a day for answers. Then, later, lovemaking. He drew their mouths apart, though his hands refused to leave her body, "Remember what you promised, meleth." His voice was a growl. "I remember, Princeling." Ceremoniously, she laid on her belly beside him, and he smoothed her long raven hair away. Legolas brushed the tips of his fingers over the ink, tracing the perfect shape of the wing by her right shoulder. "Where did you get this?" he breathed, cerulean eyes mesmerized by the very sight. Though he could not see it, he knew she smiled gravely. "I told you of Thaniel," she began softly, "How he was an Angel, and how he mapped out eternity for us. After my death, I became one of them. I lived in the clouds, I had a lover, and I had wings." He moved his sweet touch to the other wing. "But I could not be holy…I could not be selfless and pure." Dipping his head down, Legolas kissed the place between her shoulder blades. His hands moved over the skin, kneading. "I killed another Angel." The heated movement of his palms on her back halted and his breath caught. "And for that I was exiled. Given a punishment worse than death, worse than simply ceasing to exist." His mind whirled at the new fact. "They made me immortal, and sent me on my merry way." Frowning, he looked up to see her hands clutching the pillow, her knuckles white. "They ripped my wings off my back with their bare hands." With a creased brow, he touched the ink again. Sure enough, he could feel the crude rise in her skin underneath. The ink hid it well. "When I was convicted of heresy, and sentenced to life in exile, they gave me this as a reminder." His hand traveled down. "These markings are the sign of the Fallen." He walked his fingers along the length of her spine, "How is such a thing done?" She did not answer at first, and when she finally did, her voice sounded strained. "They drugged me. Tied me down." Anger built up inside him. "And then they took a needle and ink. Dipped the tip, put it in the fire…and burned this into my flesh." He flinched against the white hot rage. "Amarth faeg," he muttered under his breath, kissing the past wounds, the scars beneath the markings. Abruptly, she turned over, and looked at him with hardened eyes. Before she could speak, he pressed him mouth to hers, sucking and biting at her upper lip. She moaned, her fingers curling in his hair as he nestled himself between her thighs. Valar, how he adored this creature, this beauty. He took pride in her every cry, when she gasped his name. And at her climax, she shrieked her profession of love before slipping back into her sleeping state. Afterwards, he watched her, the slight sheen of sweat on her skin, the light of her face. Indulging himself with one last kiss, he pulled himself away. OoOoOoOoOo A nightmare stirred in Trinity's bones, making her toss in her sleep. The visions, the feelings gripped her, swallowed her. Even the soft voice of Evalgine in the back of her mind could not shake her. Flashes of pain, sorrow, blood, hate, love, revenges, were all too clear. As it neared its peak, she woke with a scream in her throat. Her eyes studied her surroundings, and it took her several moments to stop her spasms. Valar, Trinitas, are you alright? Yes. Even her mind-speech sounded weak. Slowly, she pulled herself into a sitting position, allowing the blanket to fall around her lap. Calm air blew across her bare skin, cooling her thoughts considerably. She glanced down at the empty bed and ran her fingers through her dark hair, thinking of her Elf. Thinking of Legolas' fine blond hair, his cerulean gaze, long fingers, and warrior's build. The strong chest, the taste of him on her tongue. For the first time in many weeks, she left the warmth and protection of her bed. She planned to take a bath, sink herself into the balmy water, and forget everything, perhaps drown herself for awhile. She frowned suddenly; thinking of the panic Legolas might feel should he find her that way. Lying face down in the water, eyes open and unseeing, she could not do that to him, even if he did know her body would eventually revive. Trinity slipped on the robe, which her lover had thoughtfully placed over the chair next to the bed, and moved to the railing. Her hands gripped the metal easily and, like a child, she leaned her full weight on it, watching the city of Gondor below her. A soft smile crossed her features as she thought of a distinct remembrance: " Soon ," Legolas had whispered in her ear, " we will depart for Mirkwood, and I will introduce you to my father ." She had been uneasy with the suggestion, " Do you think he will like me ?" " Meleth, none can resist you ," he laughed. Her smile faded as something caught her eye. Evalgine retreated beyond recall, reinforcing their truce. With shaking fingers, Trinity reached for the object wrapped around the railing. Even after she held the thing in her hand, she could not look at it. Ridiculous , she scolded herself. She was well over a thousand years old, and afraid of a mere necklace? Finger by finger, she opened her hand, and forced her eyes to stare at the silver chain in her palm. Worse yet, she studied the charm, the dove fashioned there, and the single emerald that marked its eye. As she gritted her teeth against the torrent of memories surrounding her, she understood one thing. Thaniel knew where she was. And soon he would come for her. OoOoOoOoOo Legolas stood outside the door, listening for a moment, from beyond the wood, beyond the noise of the city, he could hear her breathing. Carefully, he entered the room, being cautious to his surroundings. If she was asleep, he did not wish to wake her. But he found she was not. She was standing, staring out into the distance at the city. Something radiated off her, an emotion he was not entirely familiar with. "Trinity?" She was so far away, but there still. Without hesitation, he wrapped his arms around her waist, holding her close. But still, he earned no real response. "Meleth?" trepidation worked itself into his tone. Her chest was rising and falling. She was breathing and yet dead to him. In her present state, he could not even feel the connection between their minds. He gripped both her arms and spun her around so she faced him. Though her eyes focused on his, he saw little within them. "Trinity, sweetling, talk to me." It had been at least a