The Man Behind the Mask Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. I'd like to thank Miki in Blue Jeans for betaing this. Particularly with the medical stuff. I was thinking about the scene in the beginning of the first Twilight novel a few weeks ago. Charlie Swan defended Carlisle very passionately for some reason. Why? It struck me as odd, particularly considering he'd obviously said something to his best friend as well. It would seem to me that a man like Charlie would listen to his best friend more than a man he didn't really know. (Carlisle.) So I decided he must have gotten to know Carlisle Cullen personally somehow, and become impressed with him. A domestic violence case sounded like the perfect case for Charlie and Carlisle to get to know each other a little better. I talked to Miki, and she agreed Carlisle and Charlie had to have worked together for Charlie to defend him like that. She helped me a little with Charlie's character (something I was very uncomfortable writing), and some of the modern medical issues that would be important for this. (And if you like Carlisle and Esme you should definitely read her "Faith and Love" if you haven't already.) OOOOOOOOOOO means time change XXXXXXXXXXXX means POV change Carol Quincy woke up sore. Again. She could barely move this time. It hurt to breath and her left arm was killing her. Dan had thrown her against the wall last night. Sometimes she wondered why she put up with that man. Hadn't she been told in school that if you were in an abusive relationship, you needed to get out? That the person would only get worse? Should she leave this time? File a restraining order against Dan, like the doctors and nurses at Forks Hospital were always telling her to do? Dan stretched on the bed next to her. Carol hoped he wouldn't hit her will he was doing that. Her body was too sensitive for that. She scooted over, wincing at the pain that shot threw her. Dan opened his eyes and looked at her tenderly. "Are you alright?" he asked softly. "I'm sorry about last night, sweetheart. But you know you shouldn't yell at me like that. "Would you like me to make you some tea? It might help." "Yes," Carol replied. "Thank you." Dan got out of bed and got dressed. He ran his hands through his thick, dark hair. "I'll be right back." That was one reason why she never pressed charges against him. When he wasn't hitting, punching, squeezing or throwing her, he was so sweet. A good husband. Dan was right away; none of it would ever happen if she didn't yell at him. He was just defending himself. She needed to remember that. Dan was back in a few minutes with a mug of warm tea. He was so good to Carol most of the time. He even knew she liked to drink warm tea when she didn't feel good and was willing to make it himself. Carol struggled to sit up. Ouch, that hurt! She moaned in pain. Her chin – length blond hair stuck in her face. "Do you need help?" Dan asked, offering his arm. It was a very large arm; Dan used to play football in high school. But Carol was able to sit up herself eventually. "No. I'm alright." She picked up the tea with her left hand. It was a good thing she was right – handed; she was pretty sure her left arm was broken. "Do you need to go to the hospital today?" Dan asked nervously. Carol knew why he was nervous; the people at the hospital didn't like him very much. It was too bad, considering he was always nice at the hospital. All Carol's injuries were her fault, anyway. She'd told the doctors and nurses that before. Carol shrugged. She probably should go, at least to get her arm in a cast. But she really didn't want to. She didn't like the way they treated Dan. "I think I'll be okay," she told him. She'd managed to move a little so far, so she'd be fine. Dan looked at her again. "Are you sure? If you're really hurting, I could bring you. I hate to see you in so much pain." Carol almost agreed then. Dan was such a sweetheart for taking care of her. But before she could, Dan shrugged. "If you're okay, though I'd rather get to the shop. I've got some cars to work on." Her husband owned a used car lot. He fixed up old cars and resold them. He also did some repair work on the side. He made a decent living. After he disappeared, Carol attempted to go to the bathroom. Breathing and any movement at all was still a problem, so it wasn't easy. And she still couldn't use her left arm. It took her about a half hour to get there. Then she had to get to the kitchen for breakfast. When she finally got there, her three – year old son, Tommy was trying to get the cereal himself. "Tommy! Be careful," she called as he stood on a chair to reach the cupboard. She certainly didn't need to see Tommy injured, too. "I'm hungry, Mom!" he protested. "And it sounded like you could use some help today." Carol smiled. "I guess you're right, Tommy. But I still don't want you hurt." Tommy pulled out the Fruit Loops and smiled. "Okay." Tommy was good at helping Carol when she was a little hurt. Carol pulled out two bowls, careful to use only her right hand to do so. Then she opened the refrigerator door, wincing as she did so. Slowly she pulled out a judge of milk, still wincing. "Do you need help with that, too, Mom?" Tommy asked. "No, but it's nice of you to offer, Tommy." Carol appreciated Tommy's help, but she didn't think he could handle pouring a milk jug. He just didn't have the coordination yet. Unfortunately, Carol apparently didn't have the coordination, either. Not with one hand. She tried to poor the milk into Tommy's cereal, and ended up pouring it all over the floor instead. She carefully picked up some dish towels and bent down to pick it up. That hurt worse than anything she'd done today. Carol couldn't stop the shriek of pain, although she hated to do that in front of her son. "Don't worry, Mom," Tommy said cheerfully, getting on the floor himself. "I'll take care of it." There was a pause. "Mommy, why do you get hurt so much?" Carol sighed. Tommy had asked this before. She did her best to explain it to him. "It's my fault, Tommy. I get upset and yell at Daddy too much. Then he has to defend himself." Tommy nodded. "I wish you'd try harder not to yell at Daddy, Mommy. Sometimes I dream Daddy gets so mad he makes you bisappear." Carol stopped and stared at Tommy for a minute. Tommy was worried Dan would make her 'disappear?' "Tommy you know I'd never leave this family, no matter what, don't you?" There's no way Carol could leave her precious boy. And despite their problems, Carol would never leave, Dan either. Tommy shook his head as he finished cleaning up the milk. "Thank you, Mom. But you might bisappear even if you don't want to. Like Grandpa and Grandma." Carol's mouth dropped open. Tommy's Grandpa and Grandma were dead. Did Tommy really think there was a possibility that Dan would kill her someday? How could he think that? Dan loved Carol. She knew he did. Look at all the things he still did for her. "That won't happen either, Tommy," Carol told him. Tommy shrugged. "Okay." But he sounded uncertain. He finished the cleaning up the milk and began eating his cereal dry. "I don't need milk today, Mom." Carol thought about that for the next couple of hours (when she wasn't thinking of the extreme pain she was in). Could Tommy possibly be right? After all, there was a time where Carol couldn't believe Dan would ever hit her. Now he hit her all the time. And the beatings and injuries got worse and worse. Even if Dan didn't kill her, Tommy was worried about it. Was it good for Carol to be in a place where her son worried about his mother like that? Still, Carol hated to leave Dan. He could be such a good man. Could she really do that? Tommy looked at Carol again as he played with his blocks later that morning. He looked worried about her again. It wasn't good for a kid his age to be worried all the time like this. He was supposed to be carefree and happy. Carol took a deep breath, and groaned in pain. Then she made her way to the phone and dialed the Forks Police Station. XXXXXXXXXXX Charlie Swan filed another report. Just a speeding ticket, of course. Speeding tickets and traffic accidents were what most of his job consisted of. But Charlie was happy enough with it. As he picked up another report, the phone rang. "Forks Police Station; Chief Swan speaking," he answered. "Hello?" replied an uncertain voice. "I was wondering…no forget it," she sighed, seeming to lose her nerve. But as she did so, Charlie was pretty sure he heard a groan of pain. "Ma'am?" he asked. "Are you alright?" "Can you tell where the women and children's shelters' are in this area? For…people who get hurt, that is." "Of course, ma'am," he replied immediately, looking up the information. "Are you hurt, ma'am? Do you need help?" "Well, I just need to get out of my house. But I, ouch!, have no place to go." "Of course, that's what those shelters are for. But it sounds like you might need to go to the hospital first." There was a pause. "Maybe. But I can't drive. My left arm is broken, I think." "I'll come get you," Charlie volunteered. "What's your address?" There was another pause. "But my son. I can't leave him by himself…." "We'll bring him with us. You sound like you need a doctor, ma'am." The woman finally gave out his address, and Charlie got in his police car. Hopefully, he could convince the woman to do more than just go to the doctor. Whoever it was that attacked her needed to be arrested for assault. As soon as possible. No man should hurt a woman like that. Charlie eventually found the house. It was a modest little house that was painted a pale green. There was a tree out front. It looked like a happy home, but he knew it wasn't. He got out of the police car and knocked on the door. A three – year old boy opened the door. "Are you hear to help Mommy? She's hurt real bad today." Charlie smiled at the kid. "I'll do my best. Ma'am?" There was a blond – haired woman sitting on the couch. She attempted to get up and moaned in pain again. Charlie wondered if there was another injury besides her arm. "Can I help you to the car, ma'am?" The woman nodded. So Charlie wrapped his arm around her, trying to let her lean on him as she slowly walked out of the house. Whoever did this to her needed to pay. When she finally got into the police car, she gasped. Then she moaned in pain again. "Tommy! His car seat is in my car." Charlie nodded and retrieved it. "Come on, Tommy. Do you want to help your mother?" "Yes!" Tommy agreed eagerly and got into the car as well. As Charlie drove to Forks Hospital, he asked her what her name was. (He couldn't believe he hadn't asked her that yet.) "Carol Quincy." "So who gave you those injuries?" "My husband, Dan. But it wasn't really his