God's Children Many people agree Carlisle is probably the only Christian vampire in the Twilight universe. Many people also believe Edward's belief that "vampires have no souls" would have changed after Breaking Dawn. I agree with both of these statements, for the most part. However, as it is canon that Edward also believes in God, I'd like to think after he realizes he has a soul, he'd eventually realize God cares about him, too. WARNING I am not one of those authors that insists all her reviews be positive. I always want honest reviews, whether they are positive, negative, or a little of both. However, I also know that people have some intense opinions about God, the Bible, and Christianity. I DO NOT want to see FLAMES simply because I have decided to post a story about these topics. Nor do I want to see my reviews become a battleground between readers. Keep your reviews CONSTRUCTIVE and RESPECTFUL, please, or don't review at all. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Edward Cullen knew three things for certain for most of his existence as a vampire. 1. He loved his family. 2. He would never find a mate. 3. He had no soul. Some of these things made him unhappy, but he still accepted them. What else was there to do, after all? Then his world turned upside down when he fell in love with Bella Swan. He tried to deny it for a long time, but she was his mate. Edward's love for his family increased as they accepted Bella whole – heartedly. Still, Edward knew he had no soul because he was a vampire. There definitely wasn't anything that could change that. He hated that Bella wanted to become a vampire too, because she would lose her soul as well. A soul as beautiful as hers should be protected and cherished, not thrown away because it would be easier for them to be together! But Bella was determined, and eventually Edward had to accept her transformation would happen. They even agreed on a compromise, in which Edward would use his own venom to change her. And then the most unlikely thing happened. Bella became pregnant. With Edward's baby. Edward was horrified as the thing grew bigger and bigger and Bella grew sicker and sicker. It was a monster, just like him. It was designed to kill humans, particularly the woman he loved. But no matter how many times he protested, no one listened to Edward when he tried to tell them how dangerous the thing was. He was forced to watch as the thing killed Bella, little by little. Then, one day, Edward was shocked that he could hear the thing… the baby's…thoughts. These thoughts were gentle. Sweet. Happy. Edward couldn't believe the amount of affection the baby already had for Bella. Maybe it wasn't a monster, after all. When the time came for the baby to be born, things happened quickly. Everyone in his family worked together, trying to save the baby and Bella. Edward raced to get his venom into her system as fast as possible. But Bella wouldn't move. Wouldn't make any noise. At all. Edward was surprised at how afraid he was that he might be too late. She may have died. He'd spent the last couple of months reluctantly accepting Bella would become a vampire. But Edward certainly wasn't eager for it. He would almost rather her die a natural death, so her soul would be accepted into heaven. But as Edward stared at Bella's motionless body, he knew he didn't want a natural death for her. He wanted Bella with him for eternity. Bella finally opened her eyes as a vampire, and it was far easier for her to resist blood than anyone expected. She also became a perfect mother for their baby, Renesmee. Bella was so sweet, even as vampire, that Edward had to assume she might still have a soul, after all. And Renesmee was much easier to control than anyone believed. (Although she still threw a tantrum when someone tried to get her to drink formula. But who could blame her?) She definitely wasn't a monster. If Edward was partially responsible for this wonderful little person…could he have a soul? Edward didn't concern himself with that, though. His focus was on spending time with Bella, and taking care of Renesmee. Particularly considering she grew so fast. Too fast. They also learned the Volturi would becoming for them soon. Their family raced to find friends to help them and to practice fighting, should it come to that. But thanks to Bella and Alice, respectively, the fight never came. Edward's family was safe. And Edward began to wonder about his soul again. As the years past, he had to accept, that as hard as it was for him to admit,…he probably had a soul. And so did Renesmee, and Bella, and Carlisle (of course), and the rest of their family. Even Rosalie, who was turning into an extraordinary aunt. OOOOOOOOOO Time past. The Cullen family enrolled at Dartmouth University. Bella enjoyed attending college for the first time, as challenging as she found it to be. Edward and the others were glad they weren't going to high school again , and that they could take classes that focused more on their interests. However, Edward found it harder than he thought to focus on college and being a new father and husband at the same time. When the family moved to Pennsylvania, Edward, Bella, Renesmee, and the other siblings returned to high school and moved in with Carlisle and Esme again. As a result, Edward interacted with Carlisle often. He often noticed him praying, although Edward was careful not to disturb his father while he did so. Edward would see him reading his Bible, too. Carlisle thought of God often as Edward read his thoughts. None of these things were new for Carlisle. Edward had been hearing about God in Carlisle's head for more than eighty years. Praying and reading the Bible were normal for his father as well. What was different this time was Edward's reaction. Usually, as much as he admired Carlisle, his faith in God frustrated Edward. After all, God didn't care about vampires. They had no souls. They were no longer God's children. Now…Edward had come to the conclusion that vampires…well, some vampires, had souls. So what did that mean for God? Edward didn't know, but he observed Carlisle's faith with interest. Edward had very few memories of his human mother, Elizabeth Masen. But one of the things that he did recall was his mother's faith. She read the Bible often. She went to church every week. She taught Edward about God. He knew God had certain expectations for his children, particularly "Thou shalt not kill ." When Edward woke up as vampire with a burning need to murder everyone in town, he knew God didn't care about him. Didn't care about vampires. Not about creatures designed to kill humans. But Carlisle's faith was quite similar to what he remembered of his mother's. Perhaps that was one thing that made her ask Carlisle to save him? Did Elizabeth assume Carlisle would nurture Edward's faith when she was gone? Edward sighed. If that was true, he'd disappointed his mother. Of course, it wasn't Carlisle's fault. He would be more than happy to read the Bible with Edward and talk to him about God, if Edward had expressed any interest. Edward had always made it more than clear that he wanted nothing to do with it. Still, even though Edward knew Carlisle would love to talk to him about faith and the Bible, he didn't know how to ask. Edward had rejected Carlisle's attempts for years now. How did he tell Carlisle he'd changed his mind? How did he even bring it up? Would Carlisle assume Edward was ready to be a Christian again? A child of God? The Cullens had been in Pennsylvania for about year when Edward finally asked. "Carlisle would it be all right if I…borrowed your Bible for a little while?" Carlisle was on the way to the hospital, so Edward thought this was a good time to ask, when Carlisle wouldn't ask all kinds of questions he wasn't prepared to answer yet. "Of course!" Carlisle replied eagerly. He used vampire speed to pick up his Bible from his study, and handed it to Edward. "Take as much time as you need with it. I'll be happy to talk to you about it, when I get done my shift." Where did that come from? His father couldn't help but wonder internally. Edward shrugged, not ready to talk about it yet. "Go to work, Carlisle," he told him firmly. Carlisle nodded, flashing Edward a huge smile. Things have changed so much recently, Carlisle mused as he drove off in his Mercedes. OOOOOOOOOOO Edward held the Bible carefully, wondering where he should put it. He didn't want his siblings to ask all kinds of questions about why he had Carlisle's Bible. Maybe I can hide it under my bed , he thought to himself. He quickly shoved it under, just in time for Bella to come in, wearing some new lingerie. All thoughts of the Bible flew out of Edward's mind as he gathered his wife in his arms and began kissing her in every place possible. OOOOOOOOOOOO The next afternoon, Edward played the piano with Renesmee and then finished his homework. After making sure everyone else in the house was too busy to notice him, Edward retrieved the Bible. He decided to start with the basics. "The Story of Creation." Edward had to admit it was a nice story. He particularly liked the part when God made Adam's wife from a part of him. It was like Adam and Eve were connected. It reminded Edward of him and Bella. " That is why a man leaves his father and mother and clings to his wife and the two become one body , " (Gen. 2: 24) the Bible continued. It seemed to be saying that Bella should be the most important part of his life, because they had become one . Edward agreed with that idea completely. Furthermore, God had created Eve specifically for Adam. Did that mean Bella was created specifically for Edward? There was only one problem with the story of creation, as far as Edward was concerned. According to it, God created all living things, and he created humans last. But what about vampires? They weren't mentioned at all. Did that mean vampires were created by the devil instead? Or that God created vampires and was so disappointed in them they weren't worth mentioning? Edward had decided some vampires (particularly his family and him) had souls. But did that mean God cared about those souls? That was what he couldn't figure out. Edward read on. He flipped to the New Testament and read more. He paid special attention to a parable about a widow who would not stop asking what she wanted. Eventually, the judge got tired of her asking and just gave it to her. (LK. 18: 1 – 9) The implication seemed to be that someone had to pray over and over in order to receive what they wanted from God. Edward had received a wonderful mate and wife. Not only that but also an amazing daughter in Renesmee. Bella had recovered from her pregnancy. When everyone had been certain the Volturi would attack and they would lose family members, the Italian coven walked away. All of this could be considered gifts from God that Edward received without prayer. So what did that mean? Was it a sign that God cared about Edward, no matter what? Or was it a sign that God would do what he wanted, no matter whether Edward prayed or not? Edward knew Carlisle would be happy to talk to him about these concerns. Actually, Carlisle's brain was practically bursting with