CULLEN MISTAKES Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. For those of you who are waiting for more "Young Love in Old – Fashioned America," don't worry. It's coming. But in the meantime, I thought I write another canon one – shot. Whether you believe Carlisle and Esme use disciplinary spankings or another form of punishment, I think we can all agree they are the ones who usually discipline the Cullen "children." But that got me to wondering, who would discipline Renesmee when she misbehaves? How would they handle it? XXXXXXXX means POV change. OOOOOOOO means time change. The Cullens had just moved to Mansfield, Pennsylvania in the last two months, but everyone agreed it was a pretty good location. The town was small enough for Uncle Jasper to be less bothered by his thirst and Dad to not have to worry about so many minds to listen to. It was close to a few state forests and a national forest as well, so the hunting was alright, too. Personally, Rensemee kind of liked New Hampshire better. When the Cullens lived there, Renesmee lived in an apartment with just Mom and Dad. Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett, Aunt Alice and Uncle Jasper, and Grandma Esme and Grandpa Carlisle all lived nearby. So did Jacob Black. Now we live all under one roof in a big house. Grandma Esme constantly talked about how happy she was that we were together again. But honestly…Renesmme thought it was annoying. Instead of just Mom and Dad watching my every move she had six people "looking after her!" "Where are you going, Nessie?" Uncle Jasper would ask me. "Be careful, Nessie," Aunt Rosalie would warn me. "Have you been doing your homework?" Grandma Esme would ask. "Are the other kids at school treating you well?" Mom would ask. That was one nice thing about Pennsylvania. Renesmee was finally able to go to school with other kids. My family had decided my growth rate was slowing enough to enroll me in Middle School. And they agreed it was important for me to learn to "assimilate" like the rest of them. School was kind of boring, considering Renesmee had been reading Shakespeare and Dad's science books for years. But at least Renesmee had other kids her age to spend time with. The only other good thing about Pennsylvania was that Jacob was living with us, so Renesmee could see him more often. Jacob was fun. He looked out for Renesmee without pestering her, somehow. OOOOOOOOOO Tuesday started off like any other day. Mom and Dad dropped off Renesmee at school before heading to the high school themselves. "Do you have everything you need in your backpack, Renesmee?" (Mom and Dad were the only ones who called her "Renesmee.") Renesmee sighed. "Of course. Grandma already checked it." "Did you have to wear those pants, Renesmee?" Dad asked, shaking his head. "They look too tight." That was the point, Renesmee thought too quickly, looking down at them. All the girls wore tight jeans to school these days. Unfortunately, Renesmee had a father who can read her mind. Somehow she was always forgetting that. As soon as Dad heard that, he turned the car around. "Then you won't be going to school anymore! Grandma can teach you at home." "But Dad, didn't you guys agree I had to learn to "assimilate?" she protested. "Not if it's going to teach you bad habits!" Dad snapped. "Edward, you need to calm down, or you'll brake your steering wheel. You don't want anything to happen to your car, do you?" Mom asked pointedly. Dad just grunted, but he did calm down a little . Dad loved his car almost as much as he loved Mom and Renesmee. "Now, I know those pants seem, inappropriate , but we can't just pull her out of school right now, Edward. We'll have to talk about it tonight. And Renesmee, if you want to continue attending school, I suggest you dress more conservatively after this." Dad sighed, but eventually turned around and drove back to my school. Mom could calm Dad better than anyone Renesmee knew. But Renesmee still hated that she couldn't wear these pants to school anymore. Did my parents have any idea how girls were treated when they didn't dress like this? Obviously not. Aunt Alice might be able to explain it to them, but even she could be overprotective of Renesmee. Renesmee was so tired of having so many people tell me what to do! It was like watching over me was my families' favorite hobby. For all of them. At lunch, she forced down a sandwich as she talked to her new friends Amy and Beth. (Renesmee still didn't like human food much, but she supposed it was worth it if it meant Renesmee could eat lunch with her friends.) "This morning, my Dad told me I couldn't wear these pants anymore!" she complained. Amy shook her head. "My mom tried that on me, too." "You could always change your pants when you get to school," Beth suggested. Renesmee shook her head. "It might work for you, but it wouldn't for me. My backpack gets checked every morning." Not to mention a father who can read my mind , she added to herself. "It's the pits," Amy agreed. "Between parents and teachers telling us what to do all the time, they're no time to live ." She nodded. That's exactly how Renesmee felt. Then out of the corner of my eye, she saw the back fence that blocked the school yard from a sharp hill. Jacob had told her how much fun he and his friends had cliff diving back in Forks… "Do you guys want to live ? For real?" Renesmee whispered. Amy nodded immediately. "What did you have in mind?" Beth asked. Renesmee smiled sneakily. "Follow me," she whispered, slowly walking to the back of the cafeteria where we wouldn't be seen. Once the bell rang for lunch to be over, Renesmee opened the door slowly and led my friends outside. "See this fence," she commented, pointing. "Wouldn't it be a thrill to climb up it and slide down the hill on the other side?" The fence was at least ten feet tall. "I don't know," Beth replied nervously. "I think that fence is there for a reason. What if we get hurt?" Renesmee rolled my eyes at her. "The only reason it's there is because some adults are trying to tell us we can't do something again! Come on, where's your sense of adventure?" She began climbing the fence herself. "Nessie's right," Amy agreed, climbing as well. "Okay," Beth finally agreed as well. She reached the top a lot quicker than her friends did. Renesmee had to resist the urge to simply jump onto the ground. She had to remember that kind of jump wasn't possible for a twelve year old human girl. So Renesmee climbed the other side of the fence instead. Just as her friends were nearly at the top of the fence, we heard a loud voice. "Girls!" We turned our heads to see the principal, Mr. Schroder. Amy and Beth almost fell in surprise. Renesmee felt slightly guilty about that. She was so busy trying to show adults they couldn't tell us what to do, she forgot my friends didn't have the same coordination and abilities that she had. They could have easily been injured. It had been a mistake. Mr. Schroder agreed with me. "Come down right now! Carefully. You'll be lucky if you don't break something! And then you're all going to come with me to my office!" XXXXXXXXXXXX OOOOOOOOO Carlisle was in his study, examining books, medical journals, charts, and letters, as he had been doing for several hours. The nice thing about working nights at his newest hospital was that he had plenty of time for research projects. Last month, one of his colleagues had asked him if he wanted to help research new medicines for transplants. He was a bit unsure at first, because he didn't want to attract too much attention to himself, and transplants research got attention. But recently, Carlisle had talked about it with Esme, and they agreed it wouldn't be too hard to give the credit to the other doctor. That way, Carlisle could enjoy the research, potentially help more people, and avoid unnecessary exposure. Carlisle picked up another book and compared it to the journal he was reading. The journal was more accurate, obviously, considering it was newer, but some of the information in the book was still good. He was just about to pick up another journal when there was a knock at the door. "Carlisle, there's something you need to see," Esme's voice told him. He got up immediately. "What is it, darling?" Carlisle asked as he opened the door. She didn't look happy. Esme handed him a written note. "This was in Renesmee's bag today." Nessie was home already? Carlisle thought to himself. He must have been more involved with his research than he had thought. He immediately walked over to his granddaughter to greet her. "Hello, Nessie. How was your day?" Nessie shrugged. "Read the note, Carlisle," Esme instructed. Dear Mr. and Mrs. Cullen, I regret to inform you that your daughter, Renesmee broke several school rules today. She and two other students skipped their afternoon classes and climbed a ten – foot tall fence on the edge of school property. This fence is not to be climbed on and the students know this. It is dangerous. Furthermore, that fence blocks off a steep hill with rocks on the bottom that they could fall into. For this instance, Renesmee has earned herself a week's worth of detention after school. Sincerely, Harold Schroder, Principal After Carlisle finished reading the note, he couldn't believe how disappointed he was in his granddaughter. To willfully violate school rules like that? Not to mention the very serious possibility of exposure by performing a stunt like that. Add to it that they were never 100 % just how indestructible Renesmee was. After all, she was half human. They constantly told her if she wanted to do anything adventurous, another family member should be present to watch her. How could she? Carlisle asked himself. To just not care like that? After all, she knew it was wrong! Carlisle was actually becoming angry , a rare thing for him. "Carlisle?" Esme asked, squeezing his arm suddenly. "You haven't moved in five minutes." Carlisle sighed and shook his head. "I just can't believe Renesmee would do something like this, Esme. I mean…she knows better! I should…I think…" he tried to think of an adequate punishment. "Sweetheart, don't be too hard on her," Esme warned him. She squeezed his arm again. Carlisle looked at Esme sharply. "Esme, she has to be punished. This was a very serious mistake. I mean…" Carlisle felt his anger well up again. Esme shook his head. "I know that, Carlisle. I just mean, I may know something about why she did it." That was one of the strangest things he had ever heard Esme say. How could she possibly have any idea why their granddaughter would do something like this? It made no sense! Esme shrugged. "I climbed a tree instead of a fence, but it was the same basic concept. I did it partly because I was tired of being told what to do. Perhaps…Nessie has the same problem." Carlisle smiled as he remembered the innocent sixteen year old he'd met a hundred years ago. Esme had complained that her mother made too many demands on her. "But surely we don't demand that Nessie does more than her share of the work, Esme. I don't think that's the problem. I think she was just being careless and irresponsible." His anger stirred in him again "It was just something to consider. But regardless, Carlisle, you need to calm down before you talk to her. Why don't you find