Sometimes Things End Right Chapter 1 Annabeth My suitcase wobbled behind me as I hurried through the airport. My cup of Dr. Pepper shook in my hand as I quickly dodged the people around me. My ice had melted a while ago, and honestly, I don't even know why I still held the room-temperature cup of soda; probably because it had cost so much. My cellphone was in between my cup and my hand, and my head whipped back and forth wildly, looking for which signs I was supposed to follow for my boarding gate. "Hey, watch it," An older man grumbled at me as I swerved around him and his elderly wife. I muttered an apology and continued forward, keeping my eyes out for the correct boarding gate. My gate came quicker than I anticipated. There was a long line of people, and my eyes were still roaming the signs hanging from the ceiling. I didn't even see the line of people. And just with my luck, my piece of crap suitcase rolled onto its side as soon as I ran into somebody in line. The wheel must have popped off on contact, too, because my suitcase made a loud thump , and the whole thing skidded. I tried to move quickly, but of course I spilled the cup of lukewarm soda. I bit my lip and tried my absolute hardest not to scream in frustration. The line of people I had run into was a flurry of groaning faces, annoyed eye rolls, and just movement. I scrambled to collect my cell phone and my luggage while random hands reached all around me to help pick up my scattered possessions. "I am so sorry," I muttered, dabbing my shirttail at my drenched phone. I really, really wanted to scream. I clicked the home button on my phone hoping it would turn on, but even my own phone wasn't on my side. It seemed like nothing was on my side today. "-soda everywhere," A voice above me was growling. I grabbed my boarding pass from the ground and stood up, swiping at my knees. My first thought was that the voice was right. There was soda everywhere. The floor was covered in puddles of Dr. Pepper, and at least three people were covered in soda. One woman was shaking her head and walking towards the bathroom, a little girl with splashes of soda was being pulled to the side by her mother, and a guy still stood above me, grumbling into his phone about his shirt being ruined by soda. My second thought was just how gorgeous the guy standing in front of me was. He was tall, stood above me, and wore a plain gray t-shirt with a giant splash of Dr. Pepper on the front of it. His hair was dark, almost black, and he had on black sweatpants with another giant splash of soda to match the one on his shirt. When I finally made eye contact with him, he looked absolutely pissed. "Look, I have to go," He snapped into his phone while still staring right at me, "I'll call you when we land." The guy didn't even wait for whoever was on the phone to reply. He ended the call and shoved his phone into his sweatpants' pocket and turned his attention to his soaked shirt. "I'm so sorry," I said, turning my phone in my hand. "My suitcase's wheel popped off, and I ran into the line-," "Yeah, I was there," He snorted. He shook his head and pulled at his shirt's wet spot and groaned. "I need to change. I can't get on the flight like this." "I'm really sorry," I apologized again. Probably because I didn't know what else to say to the guy. He was gorgeous, and though my accident hadn't put any damper on his looks, I still had nothing else to say to him. "It was an accident." His head snapped up from looking down at his shirt to make eye contact with me again. His eyes were super green, and framed by dark lashes. His eyebrows came together in thought as he looked at me. He gave me a weird look for a moment, and I stood there awkwardly. I felt so weird. I didn't know what to say. I was at a loss for words; I was in an airport I wasn't used to, I had spilled soda everywhere, and I was dealing with a guy I had never met before. On top of all of this, the insanely attractive guy was coming off as a jerk. "Look, just… don't worry about it," He sighed. "I'm going to change, and you're going to pick up your stuff before it all gets trampled, and then we'll both go on our way and forget about it." His words probably should have been a comfort, or should have been some kind of relief, because at least he wanted to forget about it and at least he didn't want to, I don't know, sue me or something, but it wasn't a comfort or a relief. I felt even more awkward, and my face was even more hot than before. I felt my ears grow warmer, and I'm sure my cheeks were blood red. I bit my lip and nodded, though, because though I was getting agitated with him, I would rather have let it go than continue to apologize over and over to this guy who was a 80% jerk and a 20% insanely attractive model sent from the goddess Aphrodite to bless whoever looked at him. And I'm not even exaggerating. This guy had gorgeous eyes, a breathtaking jawline, and the kind of 5-o'clock shadow that would leave a girl panting for fresh air. I had only seen guys like him, guys with broad shoulders, muscular arms, and a lean build on movies, or in magazines. This guy was gorgeous. Even his voice was attractive; it was deep and kind of scratchy, but in the good way. His mouth rested into a smirk, and his deep green eyes seemed to analyze me through and through. He was overly attractive. Like, he probably shouldn't have even been allowed in public just because he probably drove some ladies mad. Briefly I wondered what his parents looked like. His mother had to be some kind of beautiful angel to have birthed somebody like him… and his father! His father had to be somebody stunning, too. My brain continued to wander until I realized the guy was backing away and giving me another weird look. Realizing I had completely zoned out while he was talking to me, I flushed even more. He turned around completely and headed towards the men's room, leaving me to pick up the rest of my things I had dropped in my haste to pick everything up- my carry-on backpack, the broken wheel to my suitcase, and the cup that had held my soda. The people around me that had not been in the splash zone were over my accident by now, and were talking amongst themselves like I wasn't even there anymore. I had to carry my suitcase to the back of the line of the boarding gate because since the wheel had popped off, the suitcase thumped around even more and the screw that had held the whole thing together scraped across the ground. I groaned and made my way to the back, balancing my useless phone under my arm while holding my suitcase up with my arms. Thankfully the line started moving around the time I finally made it to the back of the line. The woman with her child that I had splashed was back in line, and seemed to forget all about the accident. Her child babbled to who must have been the father, and the woman who had walked away shaking her head was handing her boarding pass over to the man scanning tickets at the front of the line. I craned my neck to look for the Absolutely Gorgeous Guy, but I couldn't spot him. The line moved forward and I struggled with my suitcase, but I didn't expect anybody to help. I was in the great airport of Huston, Texas, and everybody seemed to be minding their own business. The people in line were all headed to Los Angeles, and unlike my home in Mississippi, nobody cared if you were a small-ish female holding a giant, broken suitcase. Nobody seemed to be as hospitable as Mississippi, especially the too-busy passengers around me. When I finally made it to the front of the line, I handed the attendant my boarding pass while trying my hardest to balance the suitcase in my arms. This didn't faze him, either. The guy gave me a board wave of his hand and sent me towards the long hallway leading to the airplane. I rolled my eyes and followed the bustling passengers in front of me. By the time I made it to my seat I had momentarily forgotten about Absolutely Gorgeous Guy. I knew I was in seat 21AA, next to the window. My broken suitcase slid perfectly into the overhead compartment, and I seemed to be able to finally breathe when I sat down in my seat. I even did the over-dramatic eye close and sigh. My relief didn't last long, though. Since the day hadn't been hectic and crazy enough, it seemed, it needed to be a little more dramatic. I say that with the most sarcasm you could ever imagine. I felt a bag drop next to me, and I peeked one eye open. An older lady with the biggest purse you could ever imagine was standing in the middle of the aisle, staring right at me. "Excuse me, little lady," She smiled wobbly and held out a boarding pass stub to me, "I think you may have the wrong seat. My ticket says seat 21A and you're in my seat." I took the pass from her wrinkly hand and peered at it. Then, I picked up mine and compared the two. "No, ma'am, this seat is 21AA, and your pass says 21A. That means you're across the aisle." She frowned and read her ticket again. I squirmed in my seat, uncomfortable again. "My grandson will be here any moment. He'll be able to figure this out for us." "Wait, ma'am, all you have to do is read it. Your seat is across there-," "Sorry, Grandma, I was late getting on because I was stuck in line in the bathroom," I was cut off by the same deep, scratchy voice that had pretty much been imprinted in my brain. "I had to dig through my carry-on just to find this shirt because some idiot dumped their drink on me and my shirt had some kind of sticky crap all over it…" My mouth fell open as the guy trailed off, finally noticing me sitting in the row of seats. His eyebrows furrowed like before, and he crossed his arms over his chest. He had changed into a black t-shirt with a pocket on the chest, and somehow the dark color made him look even more appealing than before. I closed my mouth and glared at him. "What? Are you here to pour more soda on me?" The guy smirked. I narrowed my eyes and crossed my arms over my chest, too. "Okay, first of all, it was an accident ," I snapped, "And second, your grandmother seems to be confused. She thinks I stole her seat." "Why did you steal my grandmother's seat?" He raised an eyebrow at me. I raised my eyebrows back at him, ready to snap back, but he reached forward and took the boarding pass stub out of my hands. I was too surprised by literally everything going on- the grandmother, who had lost interest in our exchange and was now chatting with a woman on the row behind her,