Title: Kuebiko Author: Sapphire Smoke Beta: BellaRei713 Fandom: Harry Potter Rating: M Pairing(s): Bellatrix/Narcissa, Narcissa/Lucius Sequel To: "Amphierotic Bloodlines" Summary: KUEBIKO n. a state of exhaustion inspired by acts of senseless violence, which force you to revise your image of what can happen in this world—mending the fences of your expectations, weeding out all unwelcome and invasive truths, cultivating the perennial good that's buried under the surface, and propping yourself up like an old scarecrow, who's bursting at the seams but powerless to do anything but stand there and watch. Dedicated To: My beautiful girlfriend Aly, who I wouldn't even be with if not for her obsessive internet stalking of me because of Bloodlines, haha. I love you, babe. A/N: So I might be three years late in writing this sequel, but better late than never right? Lol. Honestly though, I am very sorry for how long it took me to begin writing this story, and I hope in the end it ends up being worth it. On the plus side however, these chapters are easily twice the size of the ones in Bloodlines, so you'll have much more to read each update this time around! CHAPTER I Autumn, 1973 Narcissa Malfoy had always craved control. Brutally stripped from her sense of self as a child, Narcissa grew up always having felt as though she were someone's property. She wasn't a person; she was a name. In the end, she was nothing more than what she could offer her family, and should she ever try to be more than such, compliance was viciously beaten into her by her mother's hand. Perfection was not a variable, and after both of her sisters turned out to be bitter disappointments, Narcissa was the only thing Druella had left; the last chance that she had to get it right . And she got it so very, very wrong. Ugly, fat, shameful. Even years later Narcissa could hear her mother's words echo in the back of her mind, each accusation shredding her self-esteem until it lay tattered in ribbons at her feet, destroyed beyond recognition or repair. The reflection that used to stare back at her was empty; hollow and lifeless, and now Narcissa felt as though she couldn't even recognize herself as her fuller face told a story of recovery that her mind still did not feel. "Narcissa?" The blonde tore her gaze away from her reflection in the window's glass, turning to look at the man in the large armchair in the southern most corner of the room. "I'm sorry," Narcissa apologized, realizing that her mind had wandered. "What was it that you were saying?" The Soul Mender, a middle-aged man by the name of Broderick Selwyn, peered over the rim of his glasses as he reiterated, "We were speaking of your mother. You believe that was where your problems with food originated?" "She was where all my problems originated," Narcissa corrected him, because it was far more than just her desire to starve herself into some deluded ideal of perfection and control. Her mother absolutely destroyed any hope of her ever growing up well-adjusted, giving her a victim complex that left her constantly looking for someone to save her. "Such as your dependency on your eldest sister?" Narcissa's head snapped towards him then, her compliance to these sessions drastically waning at the unexpected accusation. "Who told you that?" she demanded, voice beginning to fill with fury. She wasn't here to 'fix' her love for Bellatrix. "My husband? My brother-in-law? I never gave you permission to speak to them about my progress, so unless you wish for me to strip you of your license to practice as well as your bloody reputation, I suggest that you—!" "Narcissa, no one is going behind your back," Mender Selwyn interrupted calmly, not allowing Narcissa's threats to get underneath his skin. "Your husband expressed his concerns during your intake; your previous Mender didn't mention it?" "I wouldn't speak to her," Narcissa told him, as though he should have realized; why else did he think he got this job? It was solely due to his lineage, nothing more. "And frankly I find it atrocious that someone not only thought it appropriate to give me some filthy mudblood as a Soul Mender, but that it took nearly three weeks to get a replacement for that hag. Is your administration not aware of exactly how much money my husband is donating to this wretched hole? I should be treated with the highest priority, yet instead I'm barely—!" "You seem awfully entitled for someone who claims their self-esteem is in tatters," Mender Selwyn mentioned, causing Narcissa's eyes to flash in warning. Entitled… did he honestly not realize who he was speaking to? "Is asserting yourself above others your way of trying to remind yourself that you matter?" "I am a Malfoy ; of course I bloody matter!" "You're more than your name, Narcissa." Narcissa's fury choked in her throat then, brutally reminded of why this had all begun. At a sudden loss for words, Narcissa just stood there, feeling her stomach twist into painful knots in the pit of her abdomen as flashes of her mother screaming, "You are a Black! " played in the back of her mind, remembering exactly how it felt when the skin on her back tore and blood ran down her spine. And so when Mender Selwyn asked if she would like to sit down now, Narcissa felt herself plop into the chair opposite him without a word, practically in a daze. "What are you remembering?" Mender Selwyn asked, his tone gentle so as to not startle her. But it wasn't just one thing, they all bled together; years of abuse and torment and, "Your hair is your only selling point, you foolish waste, have you no sense? " as tiny hands wrapped around bigger ones with, "I'm not gonna move, I promise, Bella. She's not gonna hurt you, I'm not gonna move," before suddenly there was a kick to her gut, wand all but forgotten as Druella took out her rage of Andromeda's absence on her like some filthy muggle. " That stupid sod …" the angel breathed, fingertips touching the contour of her cheek. "What has she done to you?" "Narcissa?" Narcissa wrenched herself out of her overlapping memories, gaze connecting with the man across from her. "Everything," she responded after a long moment, the word cracking in her throat from the strain. "…I remember everything." The man kept himself silent though, waiting for her to elaborate. She didn't want to do this; she didn't want to spill her family's secrets, it's shame to a perfect stranger. These sessions were mandatory in her recovery program however, the Healers stressing the importance of addressing the underlying issue that caused her eating disorder in the first place. And it wasn't as though Narcissa was trying to fight against getting better, because she knew that she could no longer torture herself in this way, but it was ingrained in her head as a child that what happened within their walls, stayed within their walls. It wouldn't do to have shame attached to their family name now, would it? In the end though, Lucius and she were paying this hospital an ungodly amount of money for discretion. It gave her some leeway for comfort, but not much. "I was abused as a child," she finally told him, keeping it fairly nonspecific. "Mentally, emotionally… physically." One could also make a case for sexually, but Narcissa would never put such a foul label on her relationship with her sister. Despite her young age at the time that it started, she still considered it consensual. "It ended when I was fourteen with my parents' death. They perished in a house fire." That her sister had set to conceal the evidence of what she had done to them, but no matter. "Does it upset you?" Mender Selwyn asked curiously. "Their death?" "No." It was spoken without hesitation or thought, as it wasn't even in question. Maybe once she had mourned the loss of an ideal, a life she would never have with parents who loved her and a sense of normalcy that she would never touch, but those foolish wishes died along with her childhood. Her father was uncaring, and her mother was cruel. They had deserved their fate. "Does it concern you then, that you have yet to move on from the anguish they caused you?" Narcissa's gaze, which had been firmly locked on her hands as she idly played with her fingers as she spoke, snapped back up to meet his. She was silent for a long moment, a little concerned that this man seemed able to read her so well. "…Yes," she finally admitted. "It was three years ago; it shouldn't matter now. I'm safe." "Do you feel safe?" No. But it wasn't due to her parents. Her love for both her sister and husband damned her in the Dark Lord's eyes, labeling her as a distraction and a weakness. She had spent the last year of her life terrified and learning Occlumency in order to hide the truth from him, and every day she lived in fear that he would eradicate her from their lives to allow Bellatrix and Lucius better focus. In the end though, what truly kept her safe might not be that at all, but the fact that she had promised him something she had yet to deliver on. Which served as little comfort, as Narcissa dreaded the coming of that day with every fiber of her being. "What does this even matter?" she snapped, not wishing to discuss this any longer. "Whether or not I feel safe has no bearing on anything; it wasn't why I stopped eating, and in case you've forgotten, that's the only goddamn reason that I am here!" "Then why did you stop eating?" Mender Selwyn asked, and his calm attitude towards it all just enraged Narcissa as she shook her head and shouted at him like he was a sodding idiot for not putting two and two together. "Because I was told every bloody day that I was a cow!" she exclaimed loudly. "Worthless; a bucket of lard that had no hope of ever finding a proper husband. And when I finally ceased being those things, I was no longer punished for it! I finally had some sodding control over what happened to me, I finally had one small shred of approval from my mother, which for some disastrously screwed up reason, a part of me actually craved!" "But your mother has been dead for three years," the man reminded her. "If your mother was the only reason you did it, then why did you continue after her passing?" That made Narcissa falter. "I…" She swallowed, averting her gaze. "I don't know." "You do know." Narcissa shot him a scathing look. "You seem to know all the answers," she shot back. "Why don't you enlighten me?" Mender Selwyn shifted in his seat, gently pressing his fingertips together as he looked at her. "From my understanding, a fair amount of eating disorders stem from a lack of control in one's life. As you mentioned finally having control over what happened to you, I'm inclined to believe this is the case with you as well. Do you believe I'm wrong?" Narcissa set her jaw, irritated by his assessment; although only because she knew it was entirely correct. She had said the same thing to Bellatrix once, that it was the only blooming thing she had control over in her life. Everything else may fall to shambles around her but this… this was hers. If she could achieve nothing else in life, perhaps she could at least achieve perfection. It was such a stupid, childish thought, and Narcissa hated that she had sunk so deep in it. It had become habitual, honestly; a way to deal with the stress in her life,