Author's note: Hello. I'm back. Some of you may remember me from another story I wrote, called The Opposing Movement. This story is a bit different. It's a lot shorter, and definitely more action-packed. There's six chapters in total, it's completely finished and edited, and I'm uploading them over the course of the next few weeks. Feel free to leave reviews and any points of critique you may come up with. My thanks go to Moon_Potato, Alresha, Selethe and NaughtyGaymer, plus all my other friends at the Reddit HPFanfiction IRC. They've been a huge help as betas and sources of inspiration, and I've had nothing but their full support while writing this. Thanks everyone. . The clouds opened up for the first time that morning, and Hogwarts, torn apart by battle, was basked in the rays of a faint, watery sun. Many of the innumerable towers lay in ruins, the blue-tiled roofs had collapsed on themselves, piles and piles of crumbled brick surrounded the courtyard, and the victors of battle had barely begun covering the battered, broken bodies littered throughout the castle. The Battle of Hogwarts was over. Further away from the morbid scene, three young people stood, halfway across the bridge that crossed the ravine in front of the castle. The smell of dust and blood didn't reach there. They looked on at the sunrise, and then Harry Potter snapped the Elder Wand in half and threw the remains off the bridge. For now, the three would stand by each other, and grieve for those who lost their lives that night. But Voldemort was finally behind them, and their lives could finally begin. Thirteen years later I love my life, Henry Gouwenaar thought. With purpose, he dipped his paddle into the foaming, cold water of the River Nevis and steered his kayak further downstream, toward the next rapids. Further ahead, he saw Iris, his girlfriend of two years, speeding up to tackle the rapids that flowed down between two sharp, rocky riverbanks. She briefly turned to smile at him before she started the descent. The water wasn't as high as it was yesterday, and he was glad for that. Even with lower water levels, the stream was incredibly wild and there were plenty of black rocks jutting out of the middle of the stream, ready to take down the inexperienced or unwatchful adventurer. The rapids got closer, his kayak went faster and faster and he kept pedalling as he went down one, two, and three short falls, before arriving in a calmer section. He shook his head and despite the water in his ears, he heard Iris whoop in joy. It was simply amazing. The River Nevis was fast, wild, untamed and perfect for their outdoor holiday. They had started their trek in London and had travelled further north within a few weeks. It had been exciting to slowly travel further from civilisation and English countryside, and into the true wilderness of the Scottish Highlands, where they felt most at home. This holiday was unforgettable (the price too), and he felt thrilled that he could share all this with the girl he had fallen in love with. Time passed quickly as they tackled fall after fall, and Henry had to conclude that names like 'Schimitar Gorge' and 'Legbreaker' for some of the falls were fully deserved. The river was treacherous, fast, and so narrow that any small mistake surely meant his kayak would flip over. This wasn't nearly the first river they'd tackled, though, and as noon arrived they steered their kayaks into a small inlet, got out, pulled the boats onto the steep and rocky bank and sat down next to each other for a lunch break. They discussed the falls that lay ahead between bites, but most of the time they sat in silence, enjoying the thundering sound of the rapids and the mist-clad slopes of Ben Nevis further into the distance. His panini polished off, Henry stood up, gave his girlfriend a peck on her cheek and climbed down to the river to wash his hands. He shakily made his way over the sharp and slippery rocks towards the water, but he managed to stay on his feet. He bent over, dipped his hands into the inky black water, and he promptly fell in. He briefly wondered how he could have lost his balance, but then claw marks started to appear all over the arms of his wetsuit at a frightening speed. He looked at his arms in wonder, and then he became aware of the burning pain. The claws tore through the material like it was nothing, blood immediately welled up from the gashes in his wet skin, and the searing pain spread to his legs, his groin, and his face. He heard terrified screaming in the background and the water became a foaming turmoil around him. He tried to swim to shore, but something held him back and pulled him further and further into the river. His life vest was torn from him and his unprotected torso was immediately attacked as well by an invisible mass of claws and teeth that quickly and decisively tore him apart. He tried to shout, but he was pulled under and further into the ice-cold river by the invisible beings. Water filled his nose, eyes, ears and throat and he tasted his own coppery blood in his mouth. He felt his arms being torn from their sockets, his blood and tissue were sucked out from every wound, and when his consciousness slipped away he eagerly accepted his fate, if only to escape this hell. "What do we have here, then?" "Grindylow attack. The sixth in the last two weeks already." "Bloody mess, innit?" "We've seen worse than this, believe me." A third man joined the other two. "Auror Weasley," they greeted him. "Proudfoot, Bennett," Ron Weasley said. "Head Auror's already on another task and he'll be gone for a few days, so I'll assume control over this one." "Any particular reason why he's personally responsible for your sister's privacy, Weasley?" Proudfoot asked. Ron's ears reddened. "Cause he's the best at that sort of job. And we've got work to do here. Fill me in, please." Proudfoot spoke up again. "We've got a young Dutchman completely torn apart by a school of Grindylows. There's not much left of him. His girlfriend tried to save him, but she managed to get away from the river at least." The three Aurors turned to look at a young girl clad in some strange black overall. She sat under an oak tree in the tall, yellowing grass with her arms around her legs, and she stared expressionlessly at the blood-splattered riverbank and the cloth-covered body of her boyfriend next to it. "We'll Obliviate her, obviously. The river's supposed to be very dangerous, that'll provide enough of an excuse," Ron said. "That feels… unethical," Bennett mumbled. Ron regarded him for a moment. "This is your first scene, isn't it?" Bennett nodded. "It always takes some time to get adjusted to the field. I know it's hard, mate, but we have no choice. The Statute is more important than one person, and there're plenty of Muggles here who want to see what all these deaths are about. We can't risk this leaking out." "The sixth attack in two weeks," Proudfoot said again, shaking his head slightly. "What draws them here? I've never seen an infestation like this." "Damned if I know. But the Ministry is going to have their work cut out for them on this case. There are already a few Muggles with those big, strange recording machines here. Hermione said they're making a report on this that will be shown on… argh, what was it called?" "The telly?" Bennett suggested. "Right, the telly. And then everybody knows about it and they'll all want to come here and see for themselves what those deaths are all about. I think the longer this keeps up, the more difficult it's going to be to keep it under wraps. Which means that we've got work to do," he concluded in the business-like tone his Auror coach had drilled into him long ago. "Right, Bennett, I want you to write a report on the scene and I want it on my desk in threefold around four. Proudfoot, you've talked to the girl already?" "Yes, I did. She wasn't really that helpful, though. Poor thing." "Yeah." Ron hesitated for a moment, and scratched his neck. "Erm, can you fetch the Obliviators quickly? I'll take a closer look at the river." "On it. Don't fall in while I'm away, Weasley!" Ron tried to hide his nervousness and got to work. The car stopped outside a small Sixt car rental along Oxford Road in Manchester, and four men stepped out. It was early in the morning, the city had only just started to warm up under the mid-spring sun, and the rental had only opened an hour ago. There were no customers in the garishly orange office at that moment, and once the manager behind the counter caught sight of the group that entered through the glass doors, he got up and greeted them with a rather skittish grin. "Is the car ready?" the tallest of four asked without preamble. He had sandy blond hair, a broad posture and walked around with a casualness that befitted a man who was never rebuffed. "Yes, of course, just like you asked," the manager replied, refusing to meet the man's eyes for longer than a split-second. "If you'll just follow me, gentlemen." The five went through the door at the end of the office and entered the garage behind it. The blond-haired man looked around. "I don't see it," he said. "No, I assure you, it's right there, look!" The manager said. "Look there, right to the left of—" "Is that the car we ordered you to reserve for us?" the man asked, stepping closer to the visibly cringing owner. "Yes, it's the Mercedes, just as you asked!" The man put his hand on the profusely sweating manager's shoulder, got his mouth uncomfortably close to his ear, and pointed to the black sedan. "Look at the number plate, mate," he said, "and let me ask you again. Is that our fucking car?" "N-no, it's—" "What happened to it?" he asked, still close to the man's ear. "Erm—" "What happened to it?!" He shouted. He shoved the manager away from him, who stumbled, but just managed to stay on his feet. "A man came in this morning," he said. "J-just an hour ago. An' he asked for a car, and I must've mixed the cars up accidentally. I'm sorry, I really am! I just wasn't paying attention, honest!" The four men exchanged furious glances. "Lads," the leader of the group eventually said. "I think it's time we show this bloke that there's a price for making mistakes." The short, saggy manager squealed in pain as he was beaten, kicked, stomped on, and dragged around the garage by his thinning hair. But no one, not even his companions, noticed the leader of the group discreetly cast a silencing charm on the garage, nor did they notice his quick Legilimency probe when he finally held the owner of the rental by his collar and pulled him close to spit in his face. "Alright," the blond leader said, slightly out of breath. He let go of the abused man's collar and let him slump to the ground. "I think our friend here knows how much he's fucked me now. Don't you, mate?" The manager swallowed and nodded as he wiped the spit off his face. "Yeah, you know you do. You should be happy too, y'know. I don't normally get idiots like you get away with this shit so easily. But I'll make an exception this time, just cause I still need something from you." "Anything! I'll do anything, just, please… stop." "Depends on your answer, mate. I