~Katniss and Gale over years..~ Katniss has blue eyes and more into music you'll see why.. ~A LOVE LIKE THIS~ ~A Love Like This~ They met as two young kids who were made grow up too young. Both motivated to keep their families alive. A young boy who was going through the stage of developing from boy to man. She looked like a child, tiny and too thin. Her mind and soul were beyond her years. He was over six foot and she was so tiny she hadn't even reached five foot yet. Both had black hair like everyone else in the seam, he didn't pay attention to anything else about her when she was only a little kid, tiny really. He talked to her about hunting and snares, he helped her and she helped him. They worked together as a team. Brought home more food for both families. Outside of hunting he was like any other teenage boy, raked his eyes up and down every girl who was old enough to make his palms sweat and make him twitch. She spent her time at home looking after her seven year old sister. Taking care of the house because her mother can't. Won't. She has too much on her plate to even think about boys even if she was into to boys at this age. Katniss hasn't told Gale about her mother. She isn't sure if she can trust him with something like this. She imagines him talking about it to people and it getting to the peacekeepers. Then coming to her house dragging herself and Prim from the house and locking them up in the children's home. Taking grain and oil every month, tiny Prim being pushed around. She squeezes her eyes to stop the flood of imagines of what would happen to her little sister in the home. She can't do it. She can't tell him. Not yet. ... When she meets Gale's mother, Hazelle, for the first time she feels warm inside when Hazelle hugs her and smiles sweetly at her. She wishes her mother was like this. She can't even look at her own mother for what's she done. Abandoning her daughters just leaving a shell of herself who will eat the food Katniss leaves in front of her which makes Katniss see red. How she eat the food she does nothing for but will eat it and not feel guilty. Gale's house is warm, full with love and fun even when their house has gone through a lot as well as Katniss' home. Katniss sits on the Hawthorne's back porch at end of the evening when she turns around and glances into the sitting room, Prim is laughing and playing with Gale's siblings. First time since her fathers death Katniss smiles. Gale sits down beside her on the porch steps and nudges her shoulder lightly. She realises that Gale is loyal to his family. She remembers Hazelle saying to her that she and Prim are now family to them. Gale is loyal to family so she tells him, how her mother is deep in depression and has abandoned her children. When she finishes she rubs her face and feels his hand gently and tenderly rubs the spot between her shoulder blades that is full of tension. "You promise you wouldn't tell anyone?"Katniss says frowning. "Course not Katniss. Do you really think I would send the peacekeepers to your door?"Gale raises one eyebrow. She stares at him hard for a minute. "No. I don't think you would"Katniss replies. "C'mon lets go back inside. Remember you have me to talk to"Gale says with a smile and helps her up. The first time in ages she feels she can talk to someone about her mother, who was listen and even comfort her. A friend. Her shoulders sag in relief. She knows wherever her father is that he would smile and Gale would definitely receive a sign of approval. ... Katniss realises time places a huge role in life. Time heals all wounds even the most painful. The pain of her fathers dead is still there but is easier to cope with, for everyone. She sees her mother slowly return to life. She gets out of bed, has a bath and walks around the house. When Katniss sees her mother start to communicate with Prim and tries with her, she watches hesitantly for her to climb back into herself. Katniss can't bear to look at her mother. Hatred, pain and anger build up inside but she has Gale to voice her thoughts to and he has her too. It stops from causing Prim pain if she starts yelling at her mother. She knows when she starts to become a young woman. It happens when she is thirteen. Her hips begin to widen, curves begin to grow and she starts to grow in height. Her emotions run wild and sometimes she feels emotionally. She sees her mother eyeing her. Her mother sits her down and talks to her about what is happening to her body. She tells Katniss it is perfectly normally and it happens to every young girl that is becoming a young woman. Katniss even lets her mother embrace her after handing her things to use for the blood and the cramps. When she's fourteen she sees the girls from town at school with their uniforms. Pulling their skirts as high as they can, buttons on their blouses undone. Katniss and her friends, Stef, Madge and Jess laugh because the merchant girls come across as desperate when trying to get the boys attention. "Do you think boys like that? You know...easy to get? Sort of thing?"Madge asks. "My mother says that boys think with their dicks when their this age. Too hormonal or something"Stef says. The girls laugh. ... Time goes by and Katniss finds she grows more confident as a girl and with her body. She thinks maybe it is when a boy asks her out and she gets her first kiss. His name was Peter and it was sweet and innocent. When things really changed was when she was fifteen and she got a boyfriend. His name was Will and both of them didn't really know what they were doing at first. They were both fifteen and they were against the back of his house. She was against the wall and his body was tightly wrapped around her. When they got more into the kiss she felt an unknown hunger run through her body and the kiss deepened when she let his tongue into her mouth. When she broke of the kiss for air his lips moved down her neck and she moaned. She felt something hard pushed against her and when she looked down she saw he had a erection. She knew about the sex thing. She was nervous and he was too. "I-I'm so-rry. I couldn't help it"Will said blushing trying to cover himself up with his hands. "No-no don't be. I'm flattered really"Katniss said with an easy smile hoping to ease up his embarrassment. He smiled back and let out a gush of breath he was holding. "There's no one home. If-If you want to...go inside"Will said nervously rubbing the back of his neck. She grabbed his hand and nodded. They made their way to his room and she could feel that she wasn't the only one who was nervous. She turned around and looked at him. He was one of the best looking boys in her year, he had black hair, green eyes and the things which attract her to certain men, broad strong shoulders and height touching six foot or more. He had all that and he was a really nice guy who told her many of times he was crazy about her, he loved her and she loved him. She was losing her virginity to him and he to her. He took a step closer to her and kissed her and started to back her up so the back of her knees touched the bed. She lay down on the bed and he on top of her. They started to pull off each others clothes. One at a time, back and forth. His t-shirt, then hers until they were both in their underwear. They were both gasping, sweating and desire on both of their faces. When he pulled off her bra she moaned loudly when he licked over nipples. She never felt anything like it. Pleasure pierced through her body and she threw her head back on the pillows. When he started kissing her again she moved her hand until she reached his hardening length through his underwear and he drew in a breath. She lifted her hips and pushed against his. He moaned loudly and then focus his eyes onto hers and he saw him swallow. "Do you want t-to.. you-u know?"Will asked. "Y-yea"Katniss replies nervously. She watched him go through his bedside table and found a condom. They removed their own underwear and he put the condom on his length. He held her face in his hands as he slowly pushed himself into her and she let out a yelp when he pushed in. Soon the pain was replaced with pleasure and their movements went faster until both of them moaned out load and came together. He held her in his arms after and murmured I love you's into her ear and she to him. ... Soon word got round about Katniss and Will and what they were doing caused by Will's brother walking in on them when Will exploded into Katniss. Will's brother, Rye, smirked and murmured something like oh I see your busy. The next day at school her year would smirk and say suggestive comments which would make her blush. When she sat down at her table her friends questioned her about it. "What was it like?"Stef whispered. "Sore at first. Really sore. Then it started, you know feel good after the next few tries"Katniss blushed. "Better then touching yourself?"Madge asked. Katniss nodded. "Yeah, way more"Katniss replies. "God I need to get a boyfriend"Jess said. They all laughed. Gale had plenty of girls to choose from. He heard them giggling and whispering as he walked by in the school hallways. He never did keep a girl for long. He'd kiss them at the slag heap or behind the school, did more when he felt the urge. He didn't listen to gossip so he didn't hear what was going on with Katniss until one day everyone was.. ... When Katniss moved on to a new boyfriend, Mason, her sexual hunger grew and they would barely ever talk they would just fuck. Hard, usually in every position they could think of. She knew she didn't love him. But he was her boyfriend until news spread about Mason having sex with her best friend, Jess. Stef and Madge immediately took katniss side when she confronted Jess in the bathrooms the day the three girls found out. "You slept with Mason? I though you were my best friend?"Katniss asked. "Katniss please! I'm sorry, I don't know what happened. It was a mistake. I'm sorry"Jess sobbed. Katniss ignored her pleas and walked out of the bathroom and barely registered Madge and Stef saying things like friends don't do that to each other. She made her way to the boys locker room. She smiled weakly when she saw Gale walk in her direction. He smiled and winked at her. Then she heard Mason call her name but before he finished saying 'niss' of her name she slapped him hard across the face and she heard everyone around her suck in a breath. "That's for fucking my best friend. Oh, by the way if you didn't get the message we're so over"Katniss said calmly. People cheered and she heard people saying 'Go Katniss'. She saw Gale leaning against the lockers watching her with an approving smirk on his face and then he