Contest entry for the Light the Darkness contest Title : We Found Love Pairing : Angela/Jake Rating : M for language and dark themes. Summary : Hearing that you need help is never well received—especially knowing that it's mental therapy that's being indicated. When that treatment is actually mandatory, it makes matters much worse. Sometimes, what you least want is what you need the most. This is a tale of broken souls, mending hearts, and finding love in the most unexpected places. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Please keep in mind that this story takes place in a rehabilitation center; therefore, sensitive subject matter will be discussed. As much as it will pain me, if you have any kind of triggers, I ask that you skip my story and move on to the other entries. Word Count: 9137 Hearing that you need help is never well received—especially knowing that it's mental therapy that's being indicated. When that treatment is actually mandatory, it makes matters much worse. Being underage, if your parents take you to a rehab center, you don't have a choice but to stay until you've completed your treatment or you've turned eighteen. I prefer the latter, because clearly, there is nothing anyone can do here that will help me. My wounds run deep; they're not something that will heal easily. I mean, how can they if the mere fact of existing is too difficult some days? Mom says that I have to give this program my best, but I don't want that. I don't want anything. Not after Ben broke his promises along with my heart. No, he didn't just break my heart. He took my soul with him. Everything was lost when he vanished from my life. Now, the whole world can go fuck itself. The only thing I wanted afterward was to die, except that I failed at that. And it wasn't because my attempt was feeble—five slashes across each of my wrists should have done the trick—but apparently, I was supposed to remain on this earth and suffer. All I'm left with now are permanent scars and Ben's broken promises that resound in my head. They're what led me to one of the bungalows in the psychiatric division of Seattle's New Directions Rehabilitation Clinic. So, here I am, being admitted by my therapist during what seems to be my first session, and to be honest, it's not going that well. I look at the young woman sitting behind her desk and examine her closely as she speaks to me. She has fiery, copper hair that flows in soft waves, framing her freckled nose and bright green eyes which reflect innocence. She probably has no idea how to handle an intolerable patient as I will be, seeing as I'm not planning on making this easier for her. My gaze falls on the nameplate on her desk and I read her name: Makenna Jones, PsyD. Raising my brow at her, I ask, "How old are you, Makenna?" "Twenty-four," she replies, frowning. "Why?" "Aren't you too young to have a doctorate already? Are you some medical genius like Doogie Howser?" " Doogie Howser ?" she asks, dumbfounded. "Never mind," I tell her. "You were probably too busy fast tracking through school to even know who he is." "Okay," she replies. "How about we talk about Ben, then?" I stiffen immediately as his name slips past her lips and glare at her. "I don't want to talk about Ben." Makenna exhales, laying her pen across her notepad as she says, "You're going to have to talk if you want to get out of here, Angela. We can do this for as long as you want, but it's not going to get you anywhere. The longer you refuse to receive treatment, the longer it'll take you to leave." "I don't need treatment," I snarl. "The only reason I'm here is because my parents are forcing me." "Your parents want what's best for you; they want to help you." " By bringing me here ?!" I screech. "How can they not know that being here makes me unhappy?" "You could be happy if you allowed us to help you," she adds. "How many fucking times do I need to tell you that I don't want your help?" I snap. "During the mandatory psychiatric hold in the hospital, I proved that I wasn't going to attempt to kill myself. I'd promised that I would never do it again—and I'm still holding that promise—so, why won't you leave me alone already?!" Makenna isn't fazed by my outburst, remaining cool and collected, instead. "I know that you're grieving, and being angry is definitely one of its stages—which is why you're acting out—so if you think you're going to get out of here by doing so, you are terribly wrong." I don't have any response to that, knowing that she's right. Makenna stares at me while I remain quiet, glaring at her for what seems to be minutes. Finally, she opens a drawer and takes out a notebook. As she hands it to me, she says, "You don't want to talk? Fine, but you're going to have to write in this journal every day. I want you to write down how you feel, what you're thinking—anything and everything. Aside from this assignment, you will be required to attend group therapy daily and you will come back here every Monday and Thursday for your personal therapy." Subsequently, she continues to instruct me about the rules that I have to abide by at the clinic, and then shows me to my room. When we reach it, she knocks gently before opening the door. I look around as we step inside, immediately noticing the withdrawn girl that's sitting in the middle of one of two beds, reading what seems to be a worn book. Her gaunt appearance is a huge contrast to the lilac walls and atmosphere that presides inside them. The double room is very simple, having only the minimal furniture that are two beds, a bedside table between them, and a large drawer desk—all in white. To the right of my roommate's bed is a large window that allows sunlight to cast a glow in the room. The bedding matches the color of the walls, giving you a soothing vibe in the otherwise claustrophobic chamber. Makenna looks over to the girl, and says, "Jess, this is Angela; she's going to be your new roommate." Jess looks over at me, smiling glumly. "Hi," she mutters. It's obvious that her indifference toward me is something normal for her since Makenna doesn't comment on it. As she remains silent, I take a minute to look her over. Jess doesn't look too old—her clothes indicating that she might be in her early twenties. With her black rimmed glasses perched on her nose, she looks intellectual, but the emptiness that can be found in her eyes allows you to know that not even her intelligence has saved her from landing here. She also seems to be a music junkie, given the Billy Joel t-shirt that she's sporting. What stands out to me the most, though, are the black rubber bracelets that adorn her wrists. I wonder if she has scars similar to mine underneath… "So," Makenna begins, bringing me out of my reverie, "dinner is at 5:00 PM, giving you about an hour to unpack and get settled in. Dinner is served promptly, so don't be late." I just nod, looking over at the small closet that's parallel to my bed. "Okay, I guess that's it," Makenna sighs. "I'll see you two later." After that, she makes her exit, leaving Jess and I alone. . . . Once I finish putting my things away, I lie on my bed, looking up at the ceiling. I didn't expect Jess to talk to me, so it doesn't bother me as me much when she remains quiet. I don't mind the silence, though; there are a million thoughts running through my head whilst I scrutinize the painted material above my head, noticing its textured brush strokes. How long is it going to take me to go truly mad in here? I ponder. There's only so much one can handle being confined in a house full of crazies, right? Sighing, I turn in my bed to look at Jess. She's still reading her book, so she doesn't notice as I stare at her, wondering what kind of demons are haunting her, and mulling over what could have driven her to land at a place like this. Nobody knows what's truly going inside our minds, so no one's aware of what can make us snap. Some people bottle their anger or sadness, allowing it to fester for a long time before they unleash it upon themselves or others and sometimes both. But there are also other people that only need a little push for them to lose control of everything, presenting them the opportunity to wallow in the darkest pits of their mind. If I were to be honest with myself for a second, I would admit that being here terrifies me to my core. And I don't even know why. "I'm not into girls, roommate, so stop making googly eyes at me," Jess grumbles. "What the fuck are you talking about?" I snap. Not at all affected by my remark, Jess continues to read, flipping a page casually as she replies, "You're staring at me, and I know that many girls that come in here are actually depressed lesbians—there might actually be a couple of them in the bungalow right now—so yeah, excuse me from thinking you're hitting on me." "You know what?" I say, sitting up. "I don't have time for this shit. I'm gonna ask Makenna to move me into another room." "Well, good luck with that. We all know how much therapists like to bend to our every will," she deadpans. Shaking my head, I mutter, "Fuck you." Jess chuckles darkly. "I already told you I'm not into girls, so no thank you." I stand, ignoring her as I turn to go into our small ensuite bathroom, when she calls me out. "I was just kidding," she says to my back. "And if you're gonna use the restroom, make it quick. We need to head over to the dining room soon unless we wanna be the last in line." "Sure," I mumble, heading toward the bathroom. . . . Around five minutes later, Jess and I head over to the dining room, passing the other girls' rooms. I look around, taking everything in again. When I arrived with my parents, Makenna gave us a tour, showing us the amenities of the rehabilitation clinic that truly make you feel at home, which they should, considering how much they charge you during your stay. Once we finally reach our destination, I look around, expecting people to be gawking at me, yet it doesn't happen. Everyone goes about with their business, making it seem as if they're ignoring me on purpose. I don't know whether that's good or not, but it gives me a small reprieve. After Jess and I have collected our meals, we head over to a table and eat in silence. Ignoring everyone around me as I'm lost in my thoughts once again, I clearly miss some sort of announcement since everyone is gathering their things and making their way out of the dining room. "Come on, we've gotta go," Jess tells me, as she stands. "Where?" I ask, bewildered. "To your first house meeting," she explains. "We have it in our group therapy room every Sunday night after dinner." "And I'm guessing this isn't optional, right?" I point out, standing and gathering my dishes. "That's right," Jess says. "And make sure you pay attention because Makenna's going to give us our weekly schedule." . . . Upon entering the