Contest entry for the Light The Darkness contest Title : Before Sunrise Pairing :Bella/Edward Rating :M for some language Summary : Bella wanted college to be about the books, not the people, but when she's pulled in by handsome seniors Jasper and Edward, everything changes. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Word Count : 11687 "Who's that guy?" Bella looked up from her book. They were sitting on the grass outside their building, under the shade of a lime tree to get out of the scorching August sun. There was no air conditioning in the dorms, and the windows only opened a crack. Bella fanned her flushing face and lifted her long dark hair away from her neck, where it stuck in sweaty strands. The dry grass was like needles under her bare thighs in the cutaway jeans she wore. "What are you talking about? What guy?" She nudged Jessica Stanley, her new college roommate, a pretty, petite girl with wavy light-brown hair, who always seemed to find something to comment on. Jessica grinned and pointed. Two guys dressed in sport shorts, with t-shirts slung across their sweaty shoulders, were walking along the path between the co-ed dorm and the boys' dorm, talking and laughing. One was blond and lanky but looked sinewy strong, while the brown-haired one was slightly taller and more broad-shouldered. Bella shrugged. "I have no idea. Why do you want to know?" Jessica rolled her eyes. "Because he's gorgeous, that's why! Can't you tell?" Bella looked over again, and just as the two boys were entering the building, the brown-haired guy turned around as if he felt her eyes on him and looked straight at her. He was too far away for her to be able to tell the color of his eyes, but she could see that he was truly gorgeous: beautiful eyes, bold eyebrows, defined cheekbones and a sensual mouth. She blushed and stared down at the book that was open on her lap. Jessica giggled. "Wow, Bella. I think you've made an impression." "Shut up!" Bella hissed, embarrassed as if anyone but herself could hear Jessica's inane comment. When she chanced another look, the door was shut, and the path was empty. She scrambled up, brushing away dead grass from the back of her legs with one hand. "Look, I'm going to go to the library. At least it's cooler there. Do you want to come?" Bella didn't expect Jessica to want to spend any unnecessary time in the library since she'd made it clear in the last two days that she was here to party her freshman year away, but she felt it was the polite thing to ask. Jessica shook her head emphatically. "No way! I'll be stuck in there enough for the rest of this semester, I'm sure. I'm going to stick around and enjoy the sun and people-watch. I can't wait for everything to kick off!" Jessica grinned up at her, wrinkling her nose prettily. Bella gave Jessica a wan smile, picked up her book-bag and started trudging away in the direction of the library, situated at the far end of Campus Drive. She caught glimpses of Lake Michigan between the buildings as she walked; a shimmering surface of alluring blue-green under the high blue sky. The heat felt oppressive, and she wondered if summer was always like this in the Midwest. Her home town in the Pacific Northwest had hot days too, but never like this. She was already starting to miss the cool green landscape and the grey skies. Young people were walking in pairs and groups across campus; cars were parked outside dorms where old students returning for another year carried boxes of stuff up to their rooms. Classes were starting tomorrow, and she had so much to prove. Bella looked down at her worn sneakers and hitched her book-bag up higher on her shoulder, frowning. She needed to keep up her excellent grade point average if she wanted to keep her scholarship. When Bella returned from the quiet and the blessed coolness of the library, the sun was sinking lower, and it was time for dinner. She hesitated for a moment, wondering if it would be a good idea to change before going to the cafeteria, then decided against it. No need to dress up just to get cafeteria food. She joined the line of students and let the noise from a hundred conversations wash over her as she took in the huge room filled with tables and chairs and people coming and going. Bella picked the least greasy-looking alternative on the menu and took a detour by the salad bar to stock up on fresh vegetables. She was so intent on grappling with the salad tongs that she didn't notice someone standing right next to her until she dropped a cherry tomato that went bouncing off, hitting someone's t-shirt before landing on the floor. She looked up, embarrassed, and felt her jaw drop. "You want some help with that?" It was the gorgeous guy, and he was smiling at her, a truly devastating, sexy smile. Bella dropped the salad tongs as if they'd burned her hand and scrambled to get her tray. "No. Sorry. I'm done here. Sorry about the … the tomato," she stuttered, backing away carefully to avoid tripping over her own feet and further embarrassing herself. The gorgeous guy frowned and opened his mouth as if to say something else, but Bella didn't stop to hear it. She turned and walked blindly between the tables with a flushing face until she suddenly saw Jessica waving her over. With a sigh of relief, Bella dropped her tray and her book bag, sliding into her seat with her eyes on her salad. "Hey. I see you've already introduced yourself to Edward Cullen, Bella. Way to go!" Jessica raised her hand as if expecting a high-five, but Bella stared stonily at her before picking up her fork and attacking the quiche on her plate. "I was just telling Jessica here that Edward is the captain of our swim team." Bella looked up and realized that she was sitting next to their Resident Advisor, Angela Weber, a slim dark girl with kind eyes behind black-rimmed glasses. "Oh. Well, it was Jessica who wanted to know, really. I'm not that interested," Bella said before focusing on chewing and swallowing, trying to turn her mind away from the conversation. Jessica widened her blue eyes as if Bella was out of her mind. "You've got to be kidding! Edward is like, the most good-looking guy I've seen since we came here. No. Correction: he's the most good-looking guy I've seen, period. How can you not be interested, Bella? Now, spill. Please Angela. Has he got a girlfriend?" Angela smiled at Jessica's eager question but then frowned as she pushed her glasses higher up on her nose and played with her glass of water. "Edward dated another junior, a girl called Rosalie Hale, most of his junior year, but they broke up rather spectacularly this spring." She cleared her voice and looked around as if checking that no one was listening before she leaned forward. Bella stopped chewing. "Rosalie said some pretty harsh things about Edward, but then she's always been very hot-tempered, so I don't know how much stock people put into it." Angela looked around, stiffened, then lowered her head as she spoke. "Don't look now, but Rosalie is walking over by the salad bar. I haven't seen her before now , so she must have arrived today." Bella's head snapped around against her will and saw a beautiful, tall blonde girl picking at the salad with a look of contempt on her perfect face. With smooth skin, pouty lips, defined cheekbones and curves like a Playboy model, Rosalie Hale looked exactly like the cheerleader captain of any ugly girl's nightmares. Bella swallowed and returned her attention to her food, picking listlessly at her grated carrots. Some things obviously never changed. Suddenly losing her appetite, she pushed her chair back and picked up her bag. "Look, I'll see you guys back at the dorm. I've got some things I need to do. Thanks for the company." Before Jessica could shoot any questions her way, Bella swiftly walked towards the dish disposal, feeling the books thumping against her hip with every stride. After dumping her tray, she made a bee-line for the exit but stopped abruptly as she saw Edward standing there staring, not at her but at Rosalie. They seemed to be having a face-off. Carefully circling around so as not to catch their attention, Bella slipped by just in time to catch the end of Rosalie's clipped sentences. "Just stay the fuck away from me, Edward. That's all I ask. And keep it in your pants this year." Bella flushed and hurried away out into the humid evening, pushing images of Edward without his pants out of her mind. So he was a cheater, was that it? Mentally shrugging, Bella decided not to think more about Edward Cullen. The point was moot anyway, since he wouldn't be cheating on her in a million years. It was a normal Wednesday afternoon in October, and Bella was wrapping her scarf around her throat and getting ready to leave the library when someone stepped between her and the door. She looked up and blanched to see Edward standing in front of her with his hands in his jean pockets, smiling expectantly. She glanced over her shoulder briefly to make sure he wasn't waiting for someone else, but she was alone. She couldn't get away without ducking under his arm, so she decided to tough it out. "Hey. You're Bella, right?" His smile was contagious. "Yes, but how … I mean, how do you know my name?" She couldn't stop looking into his eyes that took on a distracting green color under the fluorescent lights. She frowned and chewed on her lower lip but stopped when she saw him staring at her mouth with a strange expression. Like nail biting, it was a nervous habit she'd tried to kick in high school. "Um, I noticed that you're here in the same spot every day, so I asked the librarian, and she told me who you were." Bella glanced over at Mrs. Cope, who gave a small encouraging wave when she saw Bella looking. Bella blushed and turned back to Edward. "Oh. Yes, I do some work here with Mrs. Cope and over at the Psychology department as part of my scholarship. Can I help you with something?" Edward smiled and gestured at a table nearby, where a group of freshmen were having a study session, talking in low voices among themselves. "I tutor these freshmen every Wednesday afternoon, and I've seen you sitting in that same spot by the windows for weeks. I thought I'd come over and introduce myself. You know, students with an above 3.5 GPA have a club. You should join us." Bella was confused and skeptical. How on earth would Edward Cullen know her grade point average? Her confusion came out as sarcasm as she blurted out, "So, what's its name? The Smug Club?" Edward's beautiful eyes widened, and then he burst out laughing. It was a lovely sound, but Bella felt mortified at her own comment and looked around uncomfortably. Mrs. Cope shook her head but smiled indulgently, and a few of the freshmen stared at them and then went back to their conversations. "You're funny, Bella," Edward said and beamed down at her. "I was going to ask you to come to a party on our floor. It's this Friday; you can drop by anytime after seven. We're on the second floor of Sherman – just follow the beat if you get lost. Bring a friend if you want to." He dragged one hand through his bronze-colored hair, making it stand on end.