Contest Entry for the Light The Darkness Contest Title: Her Fighting Soul Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Summary: Bella visits her grandmother and is visited herself. A boy, a girl, and their brief love. An entry in the Light the Darkness Contest. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Word Count: 3763 1. "Hi, Gran," I said. I shook out the worn flannel blanket on the cool, wet grass and plopped down on it. "How's it going?" I stretched out, my head near the gravestone. My bones lined up with Gran's, six feet below me. I gazed at the sky, the wet-wool gray clouds oozing overhead. It would probably drizzle, then clear around midday. "Jess is still being weird. She's… well, I hardly ever see her anymore—she's hanging out with Lauren now. And Lauren's a bitch. Sorry, I know you don't like that kinda language, but it's true." I sat up again, unsettled, and pulled my knees to my chest. I pulled at a loose thread of embroidery on my skirt and wrapped the black string around my pinkie. I pulled on the thread until my finger turned white. It snapped and I let it flutter to the ground. "I don't need, or even want, everyone to like me. Just… someone, I guess." I pulled my little notebook from my purse and dug around until I found a pen. I opened to a blank page, determined to pour my feelings out into words and drawings. My heart ached, pained and heavy, but I just felt so empty. Drained, I guess, is a better word. The harder I tried to force the words, the farther away they seemed. They darted away like the lightning bugs I'd always been too uncoordinated to ever catch. I sighed. A lump had been burning in my throat for days, weeks, months. The urge to cry. I couldn't let it go, get the release of tears; neither was I able to repress it enough that it didn't consciously bother me. "What's it… like? Up in Heaven? I bet… nothing hurts." Rain pitter-pattered down, straight down, in heavy, sweet drops. I nodded to myself. I knew there was nothing and no one after this life. "I'll see you next Saturday, Gran." I gathered my things and made my way back to my truck. 2. Another Saturday, another silent, awkward breakfast with my father. Another afternoon at Gran's grave. "I can't seem to make him understand." I sighed. It was too quiet. I dug around in my bag until I found my earbuds and MP3 player. I twisted the jack around until the sound came through, then pinched my fingers around the wire. I closed my eyes. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up. My eyes flew open and I jerked upright. For the first time since I started coming to the cemetery, I didn't feel alone. I searched the small plot, but there was no one. Just as soon as the feeling came, it was gone. A breeze blew between the gravestones, cool and soft. 3. Fall was swooping in. There were fewer and fewer sunny days, and most started with rain overnight. I needed to wear tights under my long, swishy skirts again. I was in the cemetery, reading my English Lit assignment aloud to Gran. I peeked over the top of the page, looking at the sky. It was more than gray today—black and blue whorls twisted and writhed above me. The clouds were bruised. A rare thunderstorm threatened. I eased my seagull feather-bookmark back in between the pages. It was time to go. I was folding my blanket again. Something flashed in the corner of my eye. Lightning? I dropped the blanket. Standing at the edge of the woods that bordered the cemetery on the south side, was a boy. He stood, gazing directly at me, with his hands in his pockets. My heart beat faster. He took one step toward me, then another, and another. He never looked where he was going, keeping his eyes on mine the entire time. He had long legs, wrapped in plain, black pants. His shoulders were broad, and I couldn't believe I noticed that. The wind whipped my hair around my face, and I shoved it back behind my ears. My hands were shaking. "Hello," he said, his voice a sigh. I couldn't speak. His eyes… they were green, but not. Somehow. Staring into them, I felt like I'd gone over a bridge that arched just so—a flip-flop, the bottom dropping out. Something sweet, like the sarsaparilla Gran used to bottle in her cellar, seeped into my nose. He spoke again. "Do not forget. This visitation Is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose. But look, amazement on thy mother sits. O, step between her and her fighting soul Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works. Speak to her, Hamlet." Everything—everything I hadn't been feeling for the past however-long—crashed into me. Nerves, hope, desire, longing, happiness, excitement, sadness, pain. Fear. I fainted dead away. 4. I was warm, but damp. An unpleasant, unusual combination here. I tried to sit up, and groaned. My shoulder was stiff. Sarsaparilla. I bolted upright, ignoring the pain in my side. I was in my bed at home, tucked in, still in my clothes. I dashed to the window and threw back the limp, white sheers. My truck wasn't in the driveway. How did I get home? Where was... Who was that boy? I could still smell it, that sweet smell. Him. A chill snuck down my spine, past my pounding heart and into the pit of my stomach. A spot the size of a silver dollar tingled on my forehead, like someone had rubbed a dab of novocaine there. I touched it, just brushing the pad of my middle finger between my eyebrows. It was cold. Burning cold. 5. I bit my lip as I walked through the cemetery next Saturday, blanket clutched at my chest. My heartbeat, which never seemed to calm down entirely in the past week, was a brisk trot. I wound my way through the graves to Gran's. Strange. This place had never felt creepy or scary. And it didn't now. But it wasn't the same, wasn't just a smallish, perpetually empty park anymore. The sleepy quality was gone. The graveyard was as alive as I was. It was one of those days so gorgeous, I sometimes forgot nine months of rain loomed; the kind of day I tried hard to remember when it felt like I'd never be dry again. A few trees were turning. Reds and golds, like a childhood imagination-memory of Aslan's mane. Leaves fell, swaying like hammocks, and kissed the Earth at the bottom of their descent. The air was crisp, cool; gusts of true cold rushing down from Canada. Yeah, winter was coming. But it wasn't here, not yet. "Hi, Gran." I looked around. "What's new?" I shook out my blanket, looking this way and that. I set my bag down, but before I could begin the pretense of opening my book to read, I felt it. I whirled around. He was standing a few feet away, hands in his pockets. I stared at him, at his preternatural eyes. His reddish hair rustled in the breeze. "Hello?" I cleared my throat. "Hello." He gazed back at me, but his eyes narrowed just slightly. "No more Shakespeare today?" He shook his head. "Are you going to faint again?" "I don't think so." He walked toward me. Floated more than walked, really. It was whisper quiet when he spoke again. "My name is Edward." "I'm Bella." The corner of his mouth crooked up. He was just a couple feet away from me now. I was chilled. "Would you, um, like to sit?" I gestured toward the blanket. He moved past me, dropping down. I knelt next to him and opened my mouth. Who are you? How did I get home last week? Why are you here? What the hell kind of creeper hangs out in graveyards and accosts…um, other creepers hanging out in graveyards? Shit. "Uh…so you like Hamlet, huh?" "It has a certain appeal." His hands were resting on his knees. His skin was sort of luminous, like, radiant. But it was so subtle, I hadn't noticed it until now. The contrast against his dark pants was stark. Not glowing. Vaguely pearlescent. What would it feel like? What…? My hand, pinkish compared to his, reached out. My stomach fluttered. I stroked the back of his hand. Warmth. Comfort. Zinging, electric excitement. We both gasped. He disappeared. I gazed at the space where he'd been sitting until I realized I was shivering. 6. I sat down in my desk chair. My head was spinning; my thoughts swam. A motion in the corner of my eye. I yelped and scrambled back—but it was just Herma, my snail. Deep breath. It's just a snail. I took a little spritz bottle and carefully misted it, then threw some turtle food into its little terrarium. Herma was beautiful. Its shell was a rich brown, swirled through with a yellowy color—except for a bright white starburst in the center. I'd found Herma on my front step a month ago, its shell broken, and body dried out. I filled in the crack in its shell with plaster, buffing it down to be clean and even. I nursed Herma back to health, and now it's my favorite study-time companion. I kind of want to assign it a better pronoun, though. I was putting the baggie of turtle food away. The room was colder, and I smelled something sweet. Sweet, and spicy, and…mint? He was behind me. I knew he was, and I didn't know how. How I knew, or how he was there. But he was. He definitely was. I swallowed, hard. I put the treats away, then sat at my desk. I refused to look over my shoulder. I slogged through Calc until the chill receded, and my heart calmed down. 7. I lay awake in bed. A thousand thoughts, thin and sharp, scattered themselves in my mind. Edward, Edward, Edward. What was Edward? Because he wasn't…normal. I mean, he disappeared. And…I felt him, even though I couldn't see him. What did that mean? How did he appear out of nowhere like that, and disappear into the same? Where did he go when he did? What was Edward? A tingle tripped up my spine. Then I felt the chill. I relaxed, calming down even as my excitement grew. It was paradoxical—but natural. "Hi, Edward," I told the ceiling. "Well, the cat's out of the bag now, isn't it?" I closed my eyes. I knew he was sitting next to me. The mattress didn't shift around, and I wasn't even surprised. I breathed in his sarsaparilla scent and let the calm descend. Everything seemed simple now. One boy, one girl, one narrow twin bed. "My name is Edward Masen," he said. I looked at him, at his glowing-ember green eyes and serious expression. His clothes were the same as they'd been the last times I'd seen him. He reached out, but froze. He clenched his jaw and kept going. A touch, like suede warmed by wearing, slid from my temple to my jaw. Softly rough, broken-in, somehow aged. Pressure, but no force, no weight. The sensation disappeared, though he didn't move. He sighed. "And I died of the Spanish Influenza in Chicago, 1918." Edward diffused, faded. He shut his eyes tight, groaning, and was gone. All that was left of him was a powdery coolness coating my cheek. 8. I was distracted in school that week. I even forgot to give the wrong answer in Calc. I hadn't seen Edward in days, though I'd felt him over and over. Behind me, but never there when I whirled around. Next to me in bed, but gone when I opened my eyes. Or