Contest entry for the Light the Darkness Contest Title: It's Always Darkest Before the Dawn Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: M Summary: As each hour passes, I remember everything that we have; everything we spent years loving, cherishing and fighting for. Everything hanging by a thin thread, ready to snap. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Word Count: 4668 9:30 pm "Hey, honey. I just got out of work, I should be home in a bit." His voice sounded tired. "And you're not going back to the hospital for-" "Five days, baby," he interrupted. "Five whole days of just us." I could hear the smile in his voice. "I'll get dinner warmed up for you. Drive safely. Love you." "I love you too, sweetheart." I ended the call. Never did it cross my mind that Edward wouldn't make it home for dinner that night. 10:15 pm "Where is he?! What happened? Dammit! Say something, Carlisle!" I ran into the emergency room screaming as my father-in-law just held me, trying to calm me down. "It doesn't look good, Bella," he whispered. Midnight There was a collision. The doctor and officers had told me the specifics, and though I was hearing their words, nothing was making sense. Head-on collision. Made it through surgery. Critical 48 hours. Fractures. Touch and go. My brain had shut down and the sounds of my heartbeat, the blood pulsing around my body faster than it should, were drowning everything out. I could only focus my husband in a hospital bed - gaunt, bruised, broken, attached to wires and machines, laying deathly still. I collapsed into the chair by his bed, waiting for him to wake up and talk to me. I sat there for half an hour until it finally sunk in that he wouldn't be coming home to me. He lay lifeless. The only hope I was holding on to was the intermittent beeping of the machine telling me he was alive. I raise my eyes toward the ceiling and catch sight of the clock opposite me. Midnight. We're supposed to be tucked in bed, just like that magical midnight we shared all those years ago. " Oh, come on Bella. It's a beautiful night," he pleaded. " Yes! A beautiful night, made for sleeping in our warm bed under my comforter like all the sane people on this street." I pushed my cold feet against his warm shin and looked up at him, pouting. " Oh no, that face and your frozen feet won't work this time. Where's your sense of adventure? Stop being an old bore like everyone else who lives here, please. For me?" His eyes were shining with excitement. I would have to learn to refuse that twinkle one day. " Fine. The things I do for you. I swear, Edward Cullen, you better start saving. I want a nice retirement home," I grumbled as I put on his jumper. I walked out of the front door to see him gazing up at where the stars and moon peeked from behind a tree. It was a beautiful night, the bright stars dotted on the black, cloudless canvas of the night sky. Edward grabbed my hand, and pulled me to his side as we started walking. " Do you remember the night we first met?" he asked. " Of course I do. It was a crazy beach party, where everyone was half naked and drunk, and you tried to flirt with me and failed. It was adorable." Edward laughed at my accurate recollection of the night. "See, I remember it very differently. It was a very romantic setting. There was a small fire burning, with the most beautiful girl I had ever seen in my life sitting by it. A bit like tonight - a gorgeous girl with a ridiculously handsome Prince Charming by her side underneath the stars." He leaned down and kissed my temple. " How did you manage to make that ridiculous frat party sound romantic?" " Because it was. I met the girl of my dreams, and for some bizarre reason she still loves me all these years later - for reasons other than just my sexual prowess and pancake making skills." He winked at me and I burst out laughing. We stopped walking as he grabbed both my hands in his, pulling me to face him. He kissed me gently once, twice, then placed his forehead against mine. His voice was a whisper. "Bella Swan, I love you. I have loved you every day with all my heart for five years, and I'm asking for at least fifty more." His voice was raspy, laced with emotion. He cleared his throat and continued, "I love you, even though you have ridiculously cold feet and refuse to wear socks in bed. I love you, even though you refuse to let me turn the basement into a man cave. I love your smile, your warm heart, your ability to love me and make me want to be a better man every day. I love you more than anything in the world. Will you marry me?" He kissed the backs of both of my hands and went down on one knee, holding out a beautiful ring that sparkled under the glow of the streetlights. " Yes. Yes. Yes! Of course I will!" That was the first chapter of my fairytale. I just didn't think the story would end so soon. 3 am Five hours had passed since Edward was brought in, and still there was no sign of him waking up. This wasn't the first time I had desperately tried to get my husband to wake up at 3am, but it was definitely less happy than the others. " Edward!" I shook his shoulders. " Mmmm, go away. I don't have work tomorrow." He rolled further away from me and towards the edge of the bed, pulling the comforter around him. " Edward, wake up!" I put my feet against his, causing him to quickly jerk his whole body backwards, falling off the bed in the process. "What the hell, Bella?! It's too early." He groaned from the floor. " Yeah, tell that to your child fighting its way out of me!" I saw his messy head of hair pop up off the floor. " It's time? Now?" " No, I just thought it would be funny to shit on your sleep. Yes, it's time!" 6 am A nurse came in to check on Edward, jotting down some notes on the clipboard at the end of his bed while I let out a huge yawn. It earned me a look of sympathy, and she patted my hand before she left the room. It was now six in the morning. I'd been in this bed for two and half hours, and I was still trying to get comfortable. As I reached for the water on the bedside table, I heard Edward yawn - a yawn he didn't even try to stifle. " You tired, babe?" I asked sarcastically, smiling. He didn't catch on. " Yeah, it's been three hours," he said, looking at his phone. " Oh, I'm sorry. Pass me your phone, let me just text our daughter and ask her to break through me a little quicker, okay?!" I glared at him. He didn't dare yawn after that. Please wake up, baby. 9 am The morning brought with it the start of visiting hours. Edward's family slowly trickled in, bringing kisses, hugs and words that were supposed to be reassuring but felt empty. "Bella, you should go home, take a shower and get something to eat. Alice said the girls have been asking for you." The girls. Our two little girls, expecting to wake up to pancakes and their parents. "I need someone to take them to the zoo today. We were planning on surprising them, but..." I let out a broken sigh. "Someone please take them out for the day. I can't," I whispered. I wasn't leaving here until I got some good news. "Are you sure you're okay, Bella?" Edward's mom asked for the third time since she'd arrived, causing something inside me to snap. "No, Esme, I'm not. I'm supposed to be spending the next five days with my husband and our two children. I took the week off so we could go out and finally enjoy some time together as family. And what am I doing? I'm sitting beside my husband, who may just be on his death bed, hoping he opens his damn eyes." A sob ripped through me. I had tried not to cry the whole night. Crying felt like an admittance something was wrong, like accepting that the Edward I knew and loved may never come back to me. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, I just… I can't leave him. I feel so helpless and I-" Esme hushed my apologies and held me to her while I cried out twelve hours of frustration and anger. "He's a doctor, he saves people every damn day, and not one person here can do anything. It's not fair." 10 am Edward's doctor was due to come and check on him sometime soon. We should have been eating breakfast and planning our day out with the girls. We had plans. We always had plans. And we stuck to them. Before our children were born, the Saturday mornings where Edward wasn't working were our time together. He would make pancakes and we'd sit on the couch making plans, stealing kisses and bites of food from each other. After we had kids our routine was pretty much the same, expect breakfast was eaten on the living room floor in a fortress of sheets. " I think a classic name, like Emma or Amelia," he said, gently running his hand over my stomach. " I like those. You do know that all these holidays we have planned will be put on hold indefinitely, right?" I asked, gesturing to my bump. " What? No. We're taking them with us. We stick to the holiday plan. I swear I made sure it was part of our wedding contract or something." I laughed at his ridiculousness. A few months before the wedding, our jobs and wedding planning took over our lives, and despite living in the same house and sleeping in the same bed, we only saw each other for a few moments before we crashed for the night. It was then that we agreed on a weekly date night and a vacation every year, even if we dressed up to have Chinese take-out sitting on the patio furniture, or renting a little cabin for a week. " Well this year only has 4 months left. I can't fly for most of them, and they may also feature a baby breaking out of me." " Fine, we give this year a miss, but that means before we have the Baby Cullen number two, we go all out on a huge holiday." " Next one? Easy boy. Let's get this one out before you start booking flights." We had a wall in our bedroom with Post-It notes of all the places we wanted to visit, and when we'd make it there. Over the years we would pencil in more things, move the dates around, but in the end, we promised each other that everything on that wall of dreams would become reality. Italy Ten Year Anniversary Bella's Dad Never (Joking, when he decides to finally retire) Turkey Edward's 35th birthday (Get Bella to learn how to belly dance for me) England (maybe Scotland as well) Bella's 35th Birthday (Get Edward in a kilt) Disneyland Fifth wedding anniversary Again when our kids are older New England – Albuquerque Soon (Edward, Breaking Bad has finished, get over it) Australia When we're old and can sleep the whole way there. That day we added: ' Huge ass holiday