Contest entry for the Light The Darkness contest Title: With Ties Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count: 11999 Summary: When everything Bella hoped for in a future is no longer an option, she has to find a way to rise above. She learns that expectations are meaningless and that sometimes, a throw-away length of thread can hold more value than a diamond ring. A Light the Darkness Contest Entry. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. With Ties I step into my childhood home, stale and humid, weeks without tenants. My dad said he'd move back someday. I believed him, never thought I'd be the one moving back first. Sweat gathers under my armpits and I remove my sweater, drop it to the floor. The door clicks closed behind me and Edward's hand meets the small of my back. He presses slightly before pulling away. My suitcase thumps as he sets it down. Rubbing my sore upper arm, I can still feel his hand there, squeezing, his voice begging. His eyes. God, I don't want to see his eyes right now, dark and wet and pleading. "Bella?" Edward's voice is gritty, like he hasn't swallowed in hours. "What - what's that?" He points at me and I follow the aim of his finger to the arm I'm rubbing. Light bruises. "That's..." "He hurt you?" "No. I mean, yes, but he... he was... he was..." He was my love. My first love. We were supposed to last, going to last. Unlike my parents. Unlike his. We'd promised each other. Vows. I drop into the sienna cushions of the old rattan couch. From the eighties, the same couch my dad's parents had given them as a wedding gift. One tear. Then a second. And third. I cover my eyes, hide the tears, but can't keep the regret from seeping into my voice. "I was never going to get divorced." I sob without meaning to, without wanting to, fighting every breath that catches, every tear. I force myself to stop. I try harder and swipe at my face with the backs of my thumbs, followed by the rest of my fingers. I take a deep breath in and hold it for too long. A cough rumbles out of me, deep and raspy, like an old man choking on his past. Edward steps closer and when my coughing subsides, the tears gone, the house is silent again. This is what it'll be like. My life. Silence. "Say something," I say, my eyes on my feet. There are scuff marks on the toes of my shoes. Fill the silence. "You can have the best intentions," he says. "You can't control the other person." I look up at him and his eyes widen as if he's surprised he spoke. He has a square jaw and eyes that match the jade stone in the bracelet Emmett gave me. Last time I took it off, tucked it away in my jewelry box, I had not one inclination that I'd never wear it again. "No guarantees." I nod. "Thank you." His eyes narrow now, appearing darker, shadowed, and he tilts his head. "Nobody's worth it." "What?" "Nobody." My lips tremor, tears threaten again. "Maybe - maybe I should...?" He reaches behind him for the doorknob. "Or do you need, um, help with anything?" "You can go. I'll be fine." "All right, well, you've got my number." "One of many." "Right." He gives a quick shake of his head. "Sure, you've got your friends to help you through this. And your sisters." He starts out the door. "Maybe I don't need help." I stand and he looks back at me. "Through this." "Maybe not." "I'm not going to cry over him again." I don't know why I tell him this. Maybe so that it's out there, like a promise not only to myself but to the universe. Or maybe so that when he speaks to Emmett, he'll let him know that I'm okay. Strong. Moving forward. He only nods and closes the door behind him. And I'm alone. ... In my lounge pants and tank top, I'd been the one to open the door, Emmett creating a racket trying to get his key in the lock, swearing. "Hey, beautiful," Emmett had said, glassy eyes on mine. Edward wasn't looking at me, which wasn't out of the ordinary, only his shoulders were slumped and he was staring at the concrete stoop as if it held life's deepest secrets. Both had their shirts untucked, wrinkled ends, sleeves rolled to their forearms. Emmett smiled with half-closed eyes. "You're drunker than when I left," I said, but couldn't help smiling back. "Nah, no, I'm not drunk. Am I drunk, Edward?" "You're fucked up," Edward said under his breath, still eyeing that concrete. I said hello to Edward, just to be polite. He nodded, and not even at me. He nodded at the ground. I rolled my eyes. "Is he coming in?" I asked Emmett. If Edward couldn't be bothered to acknowledge me, why should I bother with common courtesy? "He's not going where we're going." Emmett leaned in for a kiss, his big arms swallowing me. "Don't do that, man," Edward said and Emmett shot a look at him. "What? Kiss my wife ?" "Come on, just sleep it off." "What's going on?" I finally caught Edward's eyes before he averted them again. " He needs to sleep it off." Emmett pushed his way into the house. "Something's going on." I followed him. "Something's weird." "I'm drunk and I love you. That weird?" He placed his palm, warm and smooth, against my face. I tilted into his touch, moved his hand to kiss his fingers. I got a whiff of something. It smelled like... I was sure it was... A grotesque image flashed through my mind. Emmett and some other woman. I glanced at Edward whose gaze seemed glued to me now. I jerked Emmett's fingers closer to my nose. "What?" he said, weak, like the word was clogging his throat. If I wasn't sure of it before, I was then. The sound of his voice, the look on his face. I gagged. "Soap," I said, shoving his hand away. "Not enough of it." "It's not," Emmett said. "I didn't.. We didn't..." I nodded, my chin quivering. "I was there, you idiot. It was Leah's party." I started toward the stairs. Edward's low voice behind me. "You're the biggest motherfucking asshole I've ever known." I rushed faster up the stairs, more images in my head, some blank-faced woman, some ugly woman, some beautiful woman. Someone else . I pulled my suitcase from the top shelf of our closet and didn't bother looking at the clothes I stuffed into it. I shoved my feet into the first pair of flats I saw. Emmett was standing in the doorway. "Who was she? Do I know her?" "No." "I didn't fuck—I didn't sleep with her." "I can't even - I can't think about what you did with her." I zipped up my suitcase and shoved past Emmett. "Baby," he said, grabbing my arm, clutching hard. "It was a slip-up. I was too drunk." "You're sober enough to defend yourself, aren't you? Where was I when you were with her? Was it before I left? You weren't even around when I left. Were you with her?" "It meant-" "Nothing," I said, yanking my arm from his grasp. He stumbled back a few steps. "You're so original." "I'm sorry." He wiped his eyes. "I mean I'm really fucking sorry." "Too late." "Don't go." He gripped my arm again, tighter this time, the same spot. " Bella. I love you . " I looked into his dark eyes. Eyes so dark they were almost black. Did he want me to vomit on him? "This is how you treat love?" "No." Tears trailed his cheeks. "You're the biggest motherfucking asshole I've ever known." He let go of me and I headed down the stairs. "I hope she was worth it!" "We're not over," Emmett called from the top of the stairs. Edward, at the bottom, was looking up at me. "We are soover we can't even see the fucking rainbow." I took pleasure in saying it even though I was looking at Edward when I said it and my heart was pounding in my throat. I tore my sweater from the coat stand, shoved my suitcase at Edward and said, "I need a ride." ... I slip out to the backyard in my bare feet, welcoming the feeling of cool dirt under my soles and tiny rocks poking my skin because when I look down at my toes, they look far away, like my feet are there on the earth but I'm not. My sense of touch is all I have to remind me that I am there. That I am here. I've talked to three people in two days and haven't stepped a foot outside until now. Rose easily agreed to cover my shift yesterday. She's always been reliable in a pinch. I promised to work Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas for her. When I got off the phone with her, I dialed the rental agent to tell him to call ahead if he shows the house. I thought about walking down the street to the Quick Mart for some food, but in this town people are always out, watering their plants, jogging, walking, living. I can't go unnoticed by neighbors. I ordered a pizza instead. All but one slice is sitting in the refrigerator now. Beneath the old orange tree, I look up at its thin branches. It never flourished here, never produced oranges despite the gardener's warning that we'd have so many oranges our neighbors would beg us to stop dropping boxfuls off at their doorsteps. "It's the soil," my dad said the day he gave up on the tree. "It's clay. No matter what I do, without a healthy foundation we can't expect much." I stomp my faraway foot over the hard earth. I always thought maybe it wasn't the soil's fault. Other plants and trees have thrived in our yard. Maybe it was just a bad tree. The orange tree has hung on, though, through the years. Thin, spindly, never producing, but here. Alive. Is that what I am now? Spindly, barely hanging on? My foundation shattered, unhealthy? "Never get married," our mother had told us as she drove us to school, glancing at me, and then, in her rearview mirror, at my little sisters. "It only brings a person's selfishness to the surface. It never ends happy." "Maybe because the happy ones don't end," I said, my arms folded across my chest, thirteen and idealistic. And on my wedding day, I walked down the aisle a blushing bride, a smug bride, determined to prove my mother wrong and prove to my sisters that marriage does last. Idealistic at thirteen, idealistic at twenty-five, and only now, at twenty-nine, do I understand that determination is not enough. Not one person's determination in a two-person marriage. Edward was right. Edward. My mouth goes dry. He knew. At Leah's party, he knew before I left. He'd come up to me at the bar and I'd felt something was off. "Bella," he said under the dim lights, squeezing his way between two guys to get to me. "Hey, you want a drink? What are you drinking?" "No thanks. I'm on my way out." Emmett wanted to stay for the band's last set but I had an early morning the next day. "Some people work on Saturdays." "Need a ride?" "He said you were driving him home." I looked over his shoulder, one then the other. "Where is he?" "Yeah, I'll drive him. Here—" he put his hand on my back between my shoulder blades " —I'll walk you out." As he guided me toward the door, I slipped him a frown,