Contest entry for the Light The Darkness contest Title : Sowing the Seeds of Love Pairing : Edward and Bella Rating :M Summary : Bella meets a handsome stranger in the Forks Community Garden. Will his past destroy their chance at a future together? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Word Count: 7880 Bella winced as she straightened up. Who knew gardening was such hard work? She'd been working the eight by twelve foot plot in the new Forks Community Garden for an hour, and it barely looked like it had been touched. Sighing, she wiped the sweat from her forehead and picked up the shovel. "You look like you could use a hand." Following the direction of the voice, Bella saw a tall man walking towards her. She squinted into the sun, and it wasn't until he was directly in front of her that she realized just how handsome he was. His auburn hair was a chaotic mess. His sharp jaw was covered in a couple days' worth of growth, and his almond-shaped, green eyes sat under dark, heavy brows. He wore ripped jeans and a T-shirt that had faded into colorlessness. "Turning over the soil at the beginning of the season is always the worst part. I use a small tiller to do mine; I could help you out if you like?" His voice turned up in a question at the end, as he saw that Bella was just standing there, gawking. Finally she remembered her manners and felt herself blush as she answered, "That would be really great, actually. I'll be here all day otherwise." Smiling kindly, he held out his hand. "I'm Edward Cullen. My plot is one row over and two down." "Bella—Bella Swan. It's a pleasure to meet you, Edward, and thanks so much for offering to do this. You're my hero today." Edward grinned. "I'm no hero. What kind of man would I be if I tilled my plot and left you here doing it on your own with a shovel?" "Well, I thank you just the same, Edward. You certainly aren't obligated to do it. I really appreciate it." Bella watched Edward walk back to his plot to get the machine. She guessed him to be a few years older than her, maybe thirty tops. Soon he was back. "Step back a bit, Bella—this can get a little messy." Bella laughed, looking down at her dirt-streaked clothing, but moved back anyway. As Edward guided the tiller down the length of her plot she noted appreciatively how the muscles in his shoulders flexed as he moved. It took Edward about twenty minutes to till Bella's plot. By the time he'd finished, he was sweating; his hair was damp, and sweeping it out of his face had left it sticking up in tufts. Despite his disheveled state, Bella was struck by his masculine beauty. She even found the damp patches on his T-shirt appealing. She noted with interest that there was no ring on his left hand. "So, Bella, what will you be planting?" Edward's smooth, deep voice broke her out of her reverie. "Well, this plot is actually for my second grade class. It's part of an initiative to instill healthy eating habits and get kids outdoors. We'll be planting a variety of vegetables, mostly kid-friendly things like tomatoes, cucumbers, zucchini, and carrots. We'll be coming down here once a week to give the kids a chance to work in the garden and watch their crops grow. I'll be here more often to water and whatever. I've never gardened before, but I'm really excited about this." Edward smiled kindly. "I can tell. I was never much of a gardener, either. I got into it a couple of years ago, and it can be very...therapeutic." Bella saw a flicker of emotion in his eyes as he spoke, but wasn't sure what to make of it. "Good to know. I may need therapy after spending an afternoon here with eighteen over-excited eight year olds." Edward laughed. "I'm sure you'll be fine. Well, it was a pleasure meeting you, Bella. I'm sure we'll run into one another again—I'm here pretty often." Bella felt a pull to the kind, handsome man. On impulse, she blurted out, "Wait!— Can I at least buy you lunch? Coffee? You have no idea what a huge help you were, really." Surprise flickered across Edward's face. "Well, I guess I have time for a cup of coffee. Where do you want to go?" Bella chose the Forks Diner, and fifteen minutes later they were sitting in a booth. They ordered their coffee, and Bella insisted that Edward split a piece of pie with her. As the waitress walked away, Bella dove right in. "So, Edward, what do you do when you're not hanging around the community garden being chivalrous?" Edward laughed and shook his head. "You're the first person in the garden to experience my chivalry, as you call it. I'm an attorney, although I'm kind of taking a sabbatical right now. I've been doing some work for my aunt's foundation. She helped get the funding for the community garden, actually. It's kind of her baby. " "How long have you been teaching?" Edward steered the conversation back to Bella. "Three years. I love it—kids at this age are just amazing. So curious and open to new things." Bella smiled shyly. "Growing up, I always wanted to be a teacher. Seeing how excited the kids get when they learn something new, getting a smile or hug from them—it makes me feel like I have the best job in the world." Edward smiled warmly at Bella's enthusiasm, but there was sadness in his eyes. She didn't question it and moved the conversation on to a different topic. After a half hour or so Edward glanced at his phone and sighed. "I should get going. Thank you for the coffee and the company, Bella. I'm sure I'll be seeing you at the garden." "Oh, you're welcome." Bella was reluctant to let Edward go, not knowing when she'd see him again. "Edward—why don't you meet me at the garden next Wednesday, around ten? I'll be bringing my kids for the first time. I don't know how much planting we'll actually get done, but I guarantee there will be a lot of enthusiasm and excitement. I mean, if you like kids. And if you're not bu—ˮ "I love kids, Bella. And it would be my pleasure to meet your class, and help in any way I can. I imagine trying to get them all to focus on an activity must be like herding cats." Bella laughed, pleased that Edward had accepted her offer. "Something like that. They're a lot of fun, though. You'll see." Edward stood, smiling. "Enjoy the rest of your day, Bella. See you Wednesday." Bella waved and watched him go, her head full of questions and surprising feelings about the kind, handsome man she'd only just met. Wednesday morning Bella felt a tingle of anticipation as she dressed for work. Knowing she'd be seeing Edward at the garden later, she dressed a little nicer than she otherwise would have. She felt a bit silly, but she couldn't help it. Once she'd gotten her class settled and taken attendance, it felt like time slowed down. Finally, she got the call that the bus had arrived to take them to the garden. She marched her class out to the bus, and once everyone had boarded her stomach did a little flip in anticipation. As Bella was herding her class over towards the plot she saw Edward walking towards her with a grin. "Miss Bella." "Edward, hi! Boys and girls, please say hello to Mr. Cullen.ˮ "Edward's fine if it's okay with you." He bent to shake hands or high five each child as Bella introduced them. Edward turned out to be a natural with kids. He laughed as some of the children expressed disgust at the idea of eating the various vegetables they were planting. With his help, Bella was able to get the plot planted, fertilized, and watered, more than she'd have been able to do on her own. Finally, at noon, they sat down at the picnic tables to eat lunch. As Bella unwrapped her turkey sandwich, suddenly it came to her. "So, your aunt must be Elizabeth Masen. She came to the school with the idea of using the garden to teach children about food and nutrition. I spoke with her, and she made sure we were given a plot. She was very passionate about the garden and the importance of it to the children. Is she the one who got you interested in gardening?" Edward laughed uncomfortably. "Yes, you could say that. Aunt Liz can be very persuasive." Again, Bella sensed there was something left unsaid. Her curiosity about—and, if she was being honest, her attraction to—Edward was growing quickly. The afternoon was winding down, and it was time to get back to school. As Bella herded her class back onto the bus, she made a decision. "Well, thanks again for all your help, Edward. The kids loved you. I think they had a great day. And so did I." Standing with his hands in his pockets, Edward grinned. "Any time, Bella. I mean it—I had fun, too. Your kids are amazing." "I might take you up on that offer. Volunteers are hard to come by." Bella fidgeted, then plowed ahead. "Listen, um...would you like to come over for dinner on Friday? I could make enchiladas. It'd be nice to have the company." Edward hesitated. "Uh, Friday? I'm not sure—ˮ Bella wasn't sure where her bravado came from, but she wasn't willing to let him off the hook that easily. "Just dinner, Edward. As friends." In her heart, Bella knew that ultimately she wanted to be more than just friends with Edward. He was clearly hesitant, but she felt a compulsion to know him and to find out if there could be anything between them. Edward let out a breath. "Okay, sure. I'd like that, Bella. Um, can I bring anything?" "Nope. Just yourself." After exchanging phone numbers, Bella got on the bus with a smile and a wave. As the bus pulled away, Edward waved, staring after it long after it had disappeared from sight. Bella looked around the house critically. Everything was neat and dinner was in the oven. She looked at herself in the mirror near the door. She'd tried to strike a balance between attractive and trying too hard; she thought she'd succeeded. A grey cashmere sweater over dark-wash jeans and a pair of ballet flats were dressier than what she wore to school, but not as dressed up as she'd be if this were an actual date. Just then the doorbell rang. Bella pulled open the door. She struggled to hide her reaction as she got her first look at Edward in something other than gardening clothes. A pale blue button-down with the sleeves rolled up showed off his lightly muscled forearms. Dark, slim-fitting jeans accentuated his narrow waist and long legs. The sound of Edward clearing his throat jolted Bella back to reality. She flushed, wondering how long she'd been drinking him in. "Hi." His eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled. Clearly this was a little awkward for both of them. "Hi, Edward. Come on in." Standing in the living room, Edward closed his eyes in appreciation. "Mmm, smells delicious Bella. Thanks for inviting me. My cooking skills are limited, and I'm kind of sick of take out." Bella was pleased to hear confirmation that no one else was cooking for Edward. "Well, I cook for myself pretty much every night, so don't be shy about inviting yourself over." Edward smiled noncommittally and handed Bella the bottle of wine he'd brought. Within minutes Bella was serving the enchiladas. After a few bites Edward