This story was created for Articcat621 for the LiveJournal SSHG Giftfest 2016. She gave me such wonderful prompts to chose from, and I not only chose the one that is this story, but squeezed in two other smaller ones in the epilogue. I hope you enjoy this! Many thanks to Melody LePetit for allowing me to 'steal' her husband for this fic and for the beta, to timandsophsmom for another beta, and to my lovely Velveteenbunny, who Brit picked and beta'd as well! I do not own the Potter Universe; JKR has that privilege. Chapter 1 Early August 2003 Hermione Granger entered her flat, exhausted from her long day at work, and dropped her bag and cloak on the sofa. Unbuttoning her cardigan as she walked, she headed for the small kitchen and switched on the kettle. As she reached for a cup and saucer from an adjacent cupboard, the urge to wee hit. She smiled softly as she realised this urge would happen frequently for about the next four weeks as her body adjusted to its new state. The curly-haired witch sat on the toilet and snorted incredulously. I'm going to be a mother! Me! A mother! As she completed her needs with little thought, she tried to remember when it could have happened. The only time she and Jani had had sex without the charm was after a rather boozy party at the Ministry two months ago. She had felt sick for several mornings in a row recently, and after checking her daily planner, she realised she was late for her period. It occurred to her that there could be a slight possibility she was pregnant, but was also hoping that luck would be on her side. Luck was not with her as proven at her appointment with the Healer earlier that day. Washing her hands, she decided that her next course of action was, of course, to tell Jani, but how? He was in the middle of a possible career shift at the Finnish Ministry, and any change in his job was bound to turn their lives upside down. Hermione felt things had been very steady in their relationship of three years; would it continue to be so? She had met Jani during as part of her employment as liaison between Minister Shacklebolt and the Muggle Prime Minister, Mr. Blair. Jani was part of an international delegation sent to the Ministry to hammer out security details ahead of the Muggle G20 summit to be held in the United States the following year. Hermione needed to finalise the itineraries of both Ministers, and Jani was her point of contact. She was surprised when Jani asked her out a few days later. Her experience with foreign men was dismal, and Finnish men were not expressive as a general rule. Jani, however, was brilliantly smart and had rather a dry sense of humour. He reminded her a bit of a certain former professor in that they had similar colouring; dark hair, dark eyes, and tall. But that is where the similarities ended. Jani had a beard, and the last time she had seen Professor Snape, he was clean shaven. He also made Professor Snape look like a bubbly, talkative teenager when it came to expressing emotions. Not to say that Jani was not emotive, but these moments tended to be within the privacy of their home and rarely in public. He could only give her vague details about his job in security; although he was not an Unspeakable as such, his job was very exclusive. Hermione understood the importance of his job and rarely asked for details of his day other than was it a good one. The couple worked well together, combining work and free time seamlessly. For Hermione, this relationship was for the long term. She loved Jani and since he was a Wizard, she could be completely at ease with him; no making up stories about her career or her schooling, no downplaying why she had nightmares or wore long sleeves. Even their parents, who had met each other, were friends, making the entire relationship absolutely perfect in Hermione's eyes. The couple had discussed the future of their relationship on several occasions, and although there were times when Hermione was uneasy about the level of commitment on Jani's part, she chalked it up to Finnish stoicism. It seemed marriage was in their future, but not a priority. Perhaps now that priority would shift? She had just put the finishing touches on their dinner when Jani arrived home. Taking off her apron, she flung it on the counter and hurried into the sitting room. "Hello, kulta ," she said, pressing a kiss to his face. "How was your day?" "It was fine." His response was not his normal happy response; he was usually in a good mood when he got home. Hermione's stomach lurched, and not because of the baby. "Something's happened. What is it?" she asked. "Sit down, won't you?" Jani asked, dropping into the squashy armchair that stood to the left of the sofa. Hermione walked dazedly to the sofa and sat. "What's wrong?" "Nothing's wrong. In fact, everything's fine. Well, for me that is." "Spit it out, Jani," Hermione spluttered. "You're worrying me!" "There's really no circling like a cat around hot porridge about this," he began. Hermione giggled. Although Jani could speak English quite well, his use of idioms was sometimes funny. He glared at her, and she immediately stopped and mumbled an apology. "I've finally got that promotion at work." With joy, Hermione bounced on the sofa and squealed, "Oh, love! That's wonderful! When do you start?" Jani stood and paced behind the sofa, and Hermione sensed he was not telling her everything. "Jani?" "The promotion means that I will have to transfer to China. I will be there for months at a time, only coming to England or Finland for a few days at best." "Couldn't I come with you?" she asked tremulously. In her mind, she felt she already knew the answer. "Surely I could find a position there?" "The Chinese government does not allow witches in any of the foreign ministries. And my position is, well, even more top secret than what I do now, to be honest. I can't even tell you what I'll be doing in a circumspect way." "Well, surely a magical oath would keep me from revealing where you work, if that's your worry." Jani stopped his pacing and stood, looking out of the window. "No, that won't be enough in this case." Hermione looked at Jani's back as he faced the window. "Are you saying I need to be Obliviated?" she asked incredulously. "No, not that extreme," he answered. Hermione's mind ran away with her. What could he mean? If not Obliviation, then what? The silence grew longer as she began to realise what he was implying. She gulped and took a deep breath, "Are you saying we need to break up?" He said nothing, and that was all the answer she needed. "Have I meant nothing to you? Has our life together meant nothing? Were you using me?" Jani turned to look at her finally. "Our life together has meant a great deal to me," he said earnestly. "But we're so young and there's so much I want to do. So do you! We've talked about this before." Hermione realised now why she had always felt uneasy about his commitment. "You've never really been into this relationship one hundred percent, have you? It's always been me giving more and more. You lead me to believe we were in it for the long haul, even marriage!" "Hermione," Jani spoke evenly, "I did not lead you on, and I'm sorry if you got the impression that I wanted marriage. I do care for you, but I must do this. The job is too important to our worlds. I've been working so hard to achieve this goal in my career. Surely you can understand that?" "I can, but I don't understand why we need to end our relationship over your job!" Her voice was shaking and nearly shrill. Jani scrubbed his face and blew out a breath of frustration. "All of the witches and wizards who work in this detachment have no spouse and no relationships that would cause them to second guess any task they are given to do. We even need to distance ourselves from our immediate families. As it was explained to me, I can have no entanglements to worry about as I do it." Hermione leapt to her feet. "So I am an entanglement, am I?" she spat, her well-known temper starting to flare. "Would you like me to tell you of another entanglement?" she sneered. "How about this: I'm pregnant. With. Your. Child. What do you think of that entanglement?" Jani's expression nearly made Hermione laugh in spite of the situation. "You're pregnant? How? We've always been so careful!" "Does the Ministry ball two months ago ring a bell?" Hermione watched as Jani's shoulders dropped in realisation. Quietly she asked, "Does this change your mind at all? You're going to be a father. How could you want to just traipse off to a job, knowing you're leaving a child behind? You'd be satisfied just being an occasional father? More or less an uncle who comes to visit?" "You want me to turn the promotion down just because I'll be a father? I'll never get a chance like this again!" he said. "I'm not asking you to turn the promotion down; I'm just asking you to think about it before you accept. Surely there'll be other jobs you can look into, ones that won't mean you'd have to give everything up?" "How long do you think I'd last before the resentment of turning down this job… this dream of mine begins to eat at our relationship?" he asked, his voice laced with derision. Hermione blew a defeated breath. "I know, I know." She dropped back onto the sofa. "So what do we do?" Jani sat in the chair opposite. "How far along exactly are you?" "Almost eight weeks. Why?" "There's still time, then?" he asked. Hermione's next retort stalled as she frowned in confusion. "Time for what? What do you mean?" "To get rid of it." She gasped, "Get rid of it? You want me to abort our child? Are you mad?" "No, just practical. The English Wizarding community will not approve of you as a single mother. You will not be able to find a job." "I have a job, you twat." Jani scoffed, "You think you'll be able to handle your job and motherhood? I've seen you when events are coming up or there are foreign dignitaries visiting. You work hours and hours; you don't eat, and you don't sleep. You would not be able to keep that up. No, an abortion is your best option. Our best option." Hermione's countenance went from shocked stillness to utter fury. With deadly calm, she drew her wand and said, "Leave. Pack your things and leave. If you are not out of here in thirty minutes, I will hex you into oblivion. You were never into this relationship as much as I was. I can't believe I let myself dream of a future, of being together with you for always. I'm such an idiot! GO! The clock is ticking!" She sent a Stinging hex toward the man she had loved and he moved, dashing to their bedroom. Hermione just sat, staring at nothing when she smelt something burning. Almost robotically she stood and went to the kitchen to remove the chicken she had made for their dinner from the oven. It was ruined, so she just dropped it in the sink, walked back to the sitting room and sat on the sofa. Twenty minutes later, Jani reappeared. "I've gotten everything from our bedroom. I'll need to come back later for my other things." "No,