So you've read J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, and perhaps The Hobbit. In the background of those works, like mountains glimpsed on the edge of the horizon, is a large body of myth. Tolkien, blessed with only the lifespan of a Mortal never got to finish that mytholology, but his son, Christopher, has spent a lifetime compiling what was written; it can be found in The Silmarillion, Unfinished Tales, Lost Tales, and the rest of The History of Middle-earth series. Those tales, though fragmentary, are full of vast beauties and fascinating characters. This is a quest into those less-read works, and with a little luck, it may throw some light on them for those who feared to venture into those shadowy seas. You're off the edge of the map now...here there be dragons... but don't worry, it helps when you've got a Faithful Elven Sidekick (a musing on an obscure character without whose help many things in Middle-earth would not have come to pass) A dark dank cave strung with spider webs, faint, phosphorescent, eerie blue light, a scuttling of feet...non-human feet. A frightened Hobbit too far from home to ever go back. He is alone against the daughter of darkness. Shelob slithers into view, attacks, and Frodo raises his hand, holding a glass vial. "Aiya Earendil Elenion Ancalima!" he shouts. The vial blazes with light, and Shelob backs off. That's the theatrical version. In The Book, Sam is by Frodo's side, and they have been blundering blindly through utter darkness, darkness that cannot be shown onscreen (unless you turn the movie into a radio play). They hear "a sound, startling and horrible in the heavy padded silence." The sound of Shelob's spidery feet. They realize that Gollum has led them into a trap. Then in the blackness of Frodo's despair and anger he remembers a light: "a light when all other lights go out"...the starglass of Earendil given by Galadriel. Shelob is the descendant of Ungoliant, ancient weaver of darkness who took the form of a giant spider in the earliest legends of Middle-earth, as told in The Silmarillion, Unfinished Tales, and Lost Tales (all compiled from Tolkien's scattered notes by his son Christopher). Ungoliant went with Morgoth (the orginal Dark Lord) to the Blessed Realm and poisoned the Two Trees of the Valar; Laurelin and Silperion, the trees of the Sun and Moon, the trees that held the original light of creation. And they died, taking their light with them. But not quite all of it. Already in existence were the Silmarils; gems made by a genius Noldorin craftsman, Feanor; most beautiful, most blessed of the High Elves who awakened in Middle-earth, and returned to the Blessed Realm at the summons of the Valar, there to grow in wisdom. Feanor had captured the light of the Two Trees in those three amazing gems called Silmarils. And Melkor, the Vala, lusted after them. Melkor, or as he is later known, Morgoth, is a fallen Vala, the original Bad Boy of Middle-earth (Sauron of LOTR is a mere Maia, an understudy of Morgoth's); even in the song of creation Morgoth sang his own tune. And ever since he has gone against the will of Eru, Illuvatar, The One, The Creator. He weaves a plot to destroy Feanor and end the friendship of the Valar and the Elves. And he does. There are many chapters of the Silmarillion which tell of The Kinslaying, where Feanor's folk went against the will of the Valar, killed the Teleri and stole their ships, and sailed back to Middle-earth, chasing Morgoth and the stolen Silmarils. Of the darkening of Valinor, when the Two Trees are killed. Of the terrible oath of Feanor and his sons; vowing to pursue with vengeance to the ends of the World Vala, Demon, Elf or Man as yet unborn, or any creature, great or small, good or evil...whoso should hold or take or keep a Silmaril from their possession. Of Galadriel's flight to Middle-earth across the Grinding Ice (yes THAT Galadriel). And of Yavanna's drawing forth of the last two fruits of the Trees: the Sun and Moon. Of the Hiding of Valinor: when "the Enchanted Isles were set, and all the seas about them were filled with shadows and bewilderment. And these isles were strung as a net in the Shadowy Seas from the north to the south, before Tol Eressea, the Lonely Isle, is reached by one sailing west. Hardly might any vessel pass between them, for in the dangerous sounds, the waves sighed forever upon dark rocks shrouded in mist. And in the twilight a great weariness came upon mariners and a loathing of the sea; but all that ever set foot upon the islands were there entrapped, and slept until the Change of the World. Thus it was that as Mandos foretold to them in Araman the Blessed Realm was shut against the Noldor." The door is closed. None of the Elves in Middle-earth can ever go home again. Until Earendil. Earendil who found a way West, who asked for pardon and help of the Valar. Who sails the heavens as the evening star, a Silmaril bound upon his brow. Who gave his light to Frodo's starglass. Who wouldn't have existed without Voronwe the Faithful. Who? The threads of story in Middle-earth weave themselves into a vast tapestry; pull any one of those threads and the whole thing unravels. Take Frodo's vial; without the light of Earendil, he likely would have wound up as yet one more late night snack for Shelob the Mighty Hungry. The ring would have lain in wait for another few millenia...or one of Sauron's orcs would have found it and... Well, it didn't. Frodo had the handy dandy Flashlight of the Valar, and he made it to Mount Doom after all. He never would have done it without Sam, of course. Or Voronwe. Who? We'll start with that Earendil guy. Earendil was the son of Tuor, a human hero, and Idril, daughter of the Elvenking of Gondolin. You may have heard of Gondolin. If you read The Hobbit carefully, you may remember Elrond's words to thirteen Dwarves and one pudgy little Hobbit burglar, as Elrond peers at some swords they have brought from the trolls' hoard (the very trolls Frodo later encounters, in stone, in his own travels): "These are not troll-make. They are old swords, very old swords of the High Elves of the West, my kin. They were made in Gondolin for the Goblin must have come from a dragon's hoard or goblin plunder, for dragons and goblins destroyed that city many ages ago. This, Thorin, the runes name Orcrist, the Goblin-cleaver in the ancient tongue of Gondolin; it was a famous blade. This, Gandalf was Glamdring, Foe-Hammer that the king of Gondolin once wore. Keep them well !" Sting also came from that hoard, and is of elven make. The High Elves Elrond speaks of are the Noldor, kin of Galadriel and Feanor, the exiles who came back to Middle-earth from the Blessed Realm. The Goblin Wars he speaks of are the battles against Morgoth, fortressed in Thangorodrim in the North of Middle-earth. The destruction of Gondolin is recounted in a very early Tolkien writing: "The Fall of Gondolin", finally published by Christopher Tolkien in "Lost Tales 2". As Tolkien wrote The Hobbit in the 1930s, his earlier mythos (some scribbled in the trenches of WW1) materialized in the background like a ghost city seen through ancient mists, setting the stage for the last tale: Lord of the Rings. Back to that Earendil guy; half-Elf Earendil married Elwing (also of both races; Elven and Mortal Man), and had twin sons. One, Elros, chose the path of Men, and founded the line of Numenoreans, the folk whose last descendants wander about as Rangers of the North; one in particular...some guy known as Strider...reclaims the throne and returns those people to their former glory after the War of the Ring. The other twin chose the path of the Elves, he ends up in Rivendell, forming a Fellowship to aid a Hobbit in carrying the One Ring to Mount Doom. And marrying his daughter off to the aforementioned Ranger of the North. When Elrond is explaining the lineage of those swords to Gandalf and Company, he never mentions that the Elvenking who originally wore Glamdring is his great-grandfather; his father's (Earendil) mother's (Idril) father (Turgon). And none of them would have got to where we find them in LOTR if it hadn't been for Voronwe. What, who? Earendil Tolkien says of Earendil in a letter to Milton Waldman of Collins Publishing:(late 1951, "Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien") "He is important as the person who brings the Silmaril to its end, and as providing in his offspring the main links to persons in the tales of later ages. His function, as a representative of both Kindreds, Elves and Men, is to find a sea-passage back to the Land of the Gods..." The Valar listen to his pleas on the behalf of Elves and Men. And they come. "But Morgoth himself, the Valar thrust through the Door of Night beyond the Walls of the World." The Way West is opened again, and there ends the great saga called The Silmarillion. There are other tales to tell, including the Akallabeth, the Downfall of Numneor, in which the World is bent and the Way West concealed to all but the Elves. And darkness rises again in the form of a lesser power, that of Sauron the Maia. And even there, Earendil's light echoes down through the ages in Elrond's wisdom, in Aragorn's strength, and in Galadriel's gift. After his great voyage west, Earendil is given a ship to sail the heavens, with a Silmaril bound upon his brow, as the evening star. It is the only Silmaril ever recovered; torn from the iron crown of Morgoth, in the depths of his realm by Beren and Luthien (ancestors of that Strider guy, as is Earendil). The Silmaril itself travels a long and twisted road, but eventually it finds its way to Beren and Luthien, and to their son Dior. He marries Nimloth, and their daughter is Elwing, who marries Earendil. Which is how he gets a Silmaril stuck on his forehead. And he wouldn't be up there, sailing the night sky with this glowy thing on his forehead (making it kind of hard to see) without Voronwe. Ok, we now know the whole history of Earendil, but that's not who this is about. Who's this Voronwe guy? But Who Is This Voronwe Guy? I first met him back in the late 70s, after I realized that Professor Tolkien had written more than just LOTR and The Hobbit. I picked up a copy of The Silmarillion, and plowed through that epic tale of biblical proportions. I found a few characters that I really liked. One was Voronwe. In chapter 23 of The Silmarillion (published in 1977), we find; "Of Tuor and the Fall of Gondolin". That tale tells little of the actual destruction of the hidden Elvish city, but does tell of how Tuor came to find it, and marry the daughter of its king. In Unfinished Tales (published in 1980) I found more of the Tuor tale, and more about Voronwe. In "The Book of Lost Tales 2", (published 1984, my paperback in 1992) we at last find the entire tale: "The Fall of Gondolin", the earliest bits written in 1916-1917, one of Tolkien's Middle-earth legends that he mentions over and over in his Letters, a tale that was once delivered as a reading to his Oxford contemporaries (who heard it as thefallagongolin, Tolkien tended to mumble). The problem with any of the tales of Middle-earth after LOTR, is that they are as fragmentary as Tolkien's scattered notes. His son, Christopher, has done an awesome task; gathering the scattered fragments, like a shattered Silmaril, and piecing them together. But you still have to read several