Never Forget He roamed the shady streets of Dublin, no exact idea where he was headed. After successfully completing his mission, the fresh-faced vampire decided to leave the hideout where he and his partner were staying to explore one of his favorite places in the world; Dublin, Ireland. For no apparent reason, really, was it his favorite place, except for maybe it had a little to do with the stories of leprechauns his mother used to tell him as a child. Or perhaps it was the taste of the blood here, filled with spirits of the strongest proofs. There were many a reason for his fascination with the lush island of Ireland. You could also affix his wandering so late in the night on account of his partner; oh, how dear a friend Felix had become over several lifetimes is indisputable, but the ancient immortal still had a knack for digging under one's skin and finding a nifty place to make himself at home. He often wondered if Felix packed as many centuries under his belt as he claims as his immature demeanor certainly was not an ally to vouch for him. Alec glided over the cobblestone pathways, eventually meeting concrete as he found himself in the modern, yet run-down neighborhood of the ghettos. His coat, black-as-night, fluttered in the gentle breeze of the impending winter. He'd been walking for quite some time and had hopes of finding something to drink before dawn; his instincts had brought him somewhere perfect, as if a mortal were to vanish in this area, it wouldn't be pondered on too heavily. The numbers and faces pasted to the passing light posts were a mere indication of such notions; he was not the first to realize that. Glancing up, he found a small pub with half-dressed women littered along the outside of the establishment. He smirked as he contemplated, admitting without shame it'd been a long time since his thirst had been satisfied, in more ways than one. Strolling toward the back alley just to the side of the pub, a delicious scent whispered by his nose. It was one he'd recognized from over three decades ago, one he had not forgotten. He was guided by the sweet aroma deep in to the heart of the alleyway where a chain-link fence was the only barrier to the other side of the street. Leaning against the brick building, there stood a beautiful girl, no more than sixteen. The piss-yellow streetlights poured over her, glistening her flat-ironed tresses into shades of honey and bronze. Oh, how her curvaceous body called to him… and her scent. Here stood the source of such an enchanting aroma. "Renesmee Cullen, my, my, my… you're a long way from home, tesero ." he crooned, eying her from head to toe and back again. The girl's back straightened as she turned to see who had addressed her in a name she had long ago abandoned. As she began to turn, Alec's eyebrows raised with approving surprise. The little girl they'd come to execute years ago had no resemblance to the young woman before him. His eyes roamed over her form, the shape of a perfect hour-glass with legs that ran on for days. Her breasts were pressed up and out, hinting they had not aged a day since she developed them. The second-skin of a dress she wore clung to her in all the right places, hardly skimming past her full hips and toned thighs. The provocative, crimson number held her essentials together with little work for the imagination to process, but just enough to crave more. "Alec Volturi, I could sense you from a mile away," she purred, liquid sunshine eyes assessing him like a lioness on the hunt. She smirked, her lips mirrored the color of blood. He was absolutely ensnared in her web of mystery, she oozed the sexual confidence of a succubus. Alec stepped closer, enticed, and came to find she didn't blink as one of the most dangerous beings she knew entered her personal bubble. The girl stood taller, inviting him to come as close as he pleased. She was daring and he was growing more aroused by just how much she liked the taste of danger. As his chest brushed hers, he met her eyes with his own burgundy gaze. She challenged him as she batted her long eyelashes, teasing him. He murmured to her, "Miss Cullen, what ever happened to your family?" "Who?" she pouted, eyes wide with mock innocence. Alec grinned as his gentle, cold finger drew along the edge of her jaw. A half-smirk slipped across her lips as she stared in to his eyes, showing her desires within the darkness of an enchantress's gaze. "The Cullens." he breathed, leaning his face close to hers. They bathed in one another's presence for a moment, mint and alcohol mixing before she disappeared from his reach. She shrugged nonchalantly as she strutted around the vampire, a seductive swing to her hips. He'd seen Heidi walk in a similar fashion, but her sashay could not compete with the one before him. Her annoyance, though subtle, bled in to the air. She somehow managed to keep the sexual tension, even through an attitude that conveyed nothing of the sort. "Some dreary, sunless, little town, I assume; I haven't spoken to them in a while," she said with a huff, "What do they matter anyway? A big, bad guard member like you shouldn't care much for worthless beings such as them." He tilted his head to the side, growing ever more enlightened by the new Renesmee. He flashed across the few feet separating them and pressed her in to the chilled, brick wall, a palm on either side of her head. She glanced up at him through her lashes as she rested a gentle hand on his smooth, cold cheek. Her thumb traced his full lips as Alec stared in to her soul, crimson eyes reflecting the fire burning through his body. He wanted her, he wanted her bad. "Perhaps that is true," He backed away from her in an attempt to recollect himself, feeling the excitement within rising like a flame being fed far too much oil. "But Aro has never given up his strange interest in your family; what are you doing so far away from home, little Cullen?" Renesmee forced a dark laugh, one that chilled Alec's undead heart. She was not mocking him, he knew this much, but something had struck a chord within her. The erotic atmosphere was swallowed up in to the night as she shook her head. She leaned forward, a stolen peek of her cleavage was all he got before she returned to her full height with a cigarette dangling between her dainty fingers, the long talons painted the color of midnight. Somehow conjuring a pack of matches, the not-so-innocent young woman lit up and took a drag. Blowing the smoke in his face, she laughed again before strutting off down the alleyway. She didn't even turn as she called back to him. "I'm afraid I won't spill the dark details of my life to just anyone, Alec Volturi." With that sentence, he was drawn to her. Night after night, he would return to visit with the beautiful siren that had captured his interest. He would guide her away from the alley as she played her coy games of hard-to-get, but every night her leave from the Cullen clan remained a puzzle he could not piece together. He would surely be scolded by Aro for not discovering the answers she withheld, but more than that, he had this craving to understand the reasons himself. One night, when he came to once again lead her off, Renesmee guided him deeper in to the alleyway with the gentle tug of the leather jacket he wore. Visiting her had to be inconspicuous and his elegant, silk robe had begun to draw unwanted attention. She stood on the tips of her heels as he cast her a confused glance, lips meeting his ear with a gentle caress as she whispered. "Enough of the games," she hummed, "Show me what you really want." Alec felt the venom pooling in his mouth and rushing through his veins as he forced himself to keep control, to look away from the hybrid causing reactions within him that he hadn't felt in centuries. Red hot desire flashed through him like poison singing through his blood. Regaining his thick, cool demeanor, he looked down at her through lidded eyes. Both knew the chemistry between them had skyrocketed since that first night; they wanted to cross the forbidden territory in to one another's sweet embrace. Even if, only for a moment. He didn't want to fight the need anymore and, as he looked in to her darkening gaze he knew, she didn't either. "I'm not sure you want to play my games, amore ," he drawled in his thick European lilt, " Si potrebbe ottenere ferito* ." Her eye glittered with passion and secrets, " Ti sembro spaventato*? " He allowed her to thread her fingers through his, leading him through the back door of the pub and through the bar where men of all walks of life made passes at her, even through their drunken stupor. She offered easy smiles and seductive winks as she guided him toward the stairs. Alec felt his inner demons raging for power; jealousy wanted to rip the men apart, but he found solace in the fact that Renesmee hadn't seemed too interested in any of the mongrels. On the top floor, she led him down a dark hall, no lights or windows to help the half human senses, but Alec could see everything from the defaced, graffiti walls to the worn, crumbling bricks. She stopped at a door, glancing up at the vampire with a small smirk before turning a key and throwing it open. The dimly lit room was home to a large bed covered in dark maroon sheets in the center of the space. A large vanity-dresser was off to the side, flush against the opposite wall. Female products littered the table of the dresser; a hairbrush, makeup, perfumes and lotions scattered before the mirror. A plush chair sat in the corner, a stack of books messily piled beside it. The only source of light streamed in from the half-open window, the panes cracked, but still intact. The soft white light of the moon poured over the bed, leaving a dream-like glow dancing off the shadows. This is someone's home , Alec realized. This is her home . "Sit," Her order was soft, her back turned to him as she locked the door. Alec did as instructed and sat on the edge of mattress. He took another look around the room, noting the picture frame that lie face down on the night stand. He tried to ignore the dulled noise of heavy music pulsing from beyond the door; the pub seemed to shake from the low bass pounding against the walls. He knew better than to think the structure would collapse, but its weathered appearance wasn't exactly a comfort. "Renesmee-" His gaze shifted toward her as she turned away from the door. She hushed him and shook her head. The smell of her wafted around him and he felt the frenzy of lust build in his chest. His crimson irises darkened at her low tone. She crossed the room, eyes trained on the vampire as she reached behind her back. She unzipped her silky black dress slowly, provocatively slipping it down her shapely legs and leaving it to pool on the floor. Her body was revealed before him as the half-breed chose this night to go without undergarments. Large breasts with perky, pink nipples stood proudly pebbled. Her toned stomach led down to a slick, shaven pussy. Her racing heart and distracting scent of wild flowers threw Alec in to a state of