Chapter One - Lost (Inspired by: Welcome to My Life- Simple Plan) Mom grins shyly, glancing at my father. Her golden eyes gleam with adoration. I hide my boredom as she again tells the tale of how her and dad met. It's the same, dreary story of how he saved her life time and time and time again. "And that's when I knew he was the one," mom sighs, her head clearly fuzzy with memories of her days as a damsel in distress. "Jesus, Bella, give it a break. We all know the story. We were there, remember?" Jake's deep voice carries in his whiney groan from the backdoor. Jacob Black has been my knight in shining armor from day one. He swoops in to save the day every time I need him... like now. "But, Renesmee wasn't and she loves this story, don't you, sweetheart?" mom turns her mushy gaze on me and I falter. With a breath stuck in my throat, my truth never leaving my tongue, I smile brightly as she stares at me with expectant eyes. "Of course I do!... but, mom, I do need to get to school." She sighs, dejected at the thought. Carlisle sees it best that I go on sunny days to collect everyone's schoolwork and I simply agree because... well, I do what I'm told. Playing by the rules is my thing. Since I was a little kid, I've seen what going against an authority could do and I never want to experience that again. "I'll take you, Ness." I smirk at Jake, thanking him for cutting before my mom could offer. I say my farewells and blast out the door in to the warm sunshine of a cool day. Jake jingles his keys as he makes a beeline for his Harley. "Why do you lie to her?" Jake grins, swinging a leg over the monstrous vehicle. My jaw shakes with the temptation to drop. He hands me a helmet, smiling sweetly as I glare at him. "I'm not lying to her. I'm simply… keeping her happy by telling her what she wants to hear." I counter, leveling my gaze with his. Jake rolls his eyes around his skull, the slight shake of his head showing the humor within my statement. Even I know that my response was contradictory and ridiculous, to say the least. I sigh, leaping on the vehicle and slipping the helmet's cover lid down. He kicks the stand back, revving the engine. Peeling out down the road, I can sense my father's discomfort with his only daughter on the back of a death machine, although, it's a bit ridiculous considering I'm half-immortal. I can sympathize, though. I probably hate this damn thing as much as him, if not more. We pull in the a back corner of the parking lot in attempt to keep the stares away, however, they still find us. With the sun shimmering across the sky, the students aren't surprised to find only one Cullen here today, but they've been enchanted by the romantic man in leather. We've only been living in this rainy town outside of Portland for about eight months. Jake comes down for a visit whenever he can, but with the pack, opening up his own auto shop back in Forks, and with his dad not feeling too great these days, he doesn't have a lot of time to drive up. Jake keeps the bike stable as I climb off and toss him the helmet. He grins at me, chocolate eyes glittering with secrets. "What?" I blurt, combing the helmet hair from my curls with my manicured fingers. He shakes his head slowly and, just for a moment, I see that same look my mother gave my father directed at me. My heart stumbles in my chest. I take a small step back, the burn of bile rising in my throat. "Thanks for the ride, Jacob." I murmur, my fight-or-flight reaction begging to lift me in the sky. His eyes shoot over to mine, the gooey look gone as he speaks. I find some solace in the fact that my best friend, practically my brother, is no longer giving me that lovey-dovey gaze. "Do you need a ride home?" I swallow the lump forming in my esophagus, "No, I have a project after school; I'll be at the library tonight." "I'll pick you up there then." Jake grins, starting the bike up again. "NO!" I shout, grabbing the attention of the students still mulling around the grey parking lot. Heads poke out from their beat-up, prides of joy, wondering what the commotion is all about. I take a quick survey around the lot, biting my lip in embarrassment. Jake stares at me, slightly bewildered by my outburst. I smile weakly, my lips shaking slightly. "Sorry... I just, I'll be busy and you have to head back to Washington tonight anyway. I don't know when I'll finish up, so, I'll see you when you get back." Unconvinced, Jake purses his lips to the side. "You sure?" I nod, offering a small, tightlipped smile. He doesn't argue further and leaves after a hug. The day is slow and uneventful without my family here to entertain me. As the sun cowers behind the grey clouds, the heavens unleashing their sorrow, I question whether Alice had seen the afternoon rain or not. I wander around with my only friend, Anastasia. Her glossed lips never stop moving it seems. We share three classes, including journalism which is why I got stuck in her group for a feature story. I could've joined anyone's group, but she's the only person who spoke to me before the project was assigned. It may have been to learn about rumors, but she spoke to me no less and hasn't asked much about me since that day. Ana and I arrive to our final class, human health. It's the only class where I can earn PE credits without having to go outside. While I don't glitter like my family, my skin does have this slight glow that people would notice. Sitting front row is an incredibly attractive man. I freeze in place, staring at him. His profile is near perfect with full lips in a slight pout. His cheeks are defined, black eye lashes resting upon them. The stranger's shiny, ebony locks fall around his face and ever-so-slightly over his brow. And he's pale. Really pale. Ana spots him the same moment I do, her heart racing in her chest. The student looks up. I expect to see crimson irises at worst, topaz orbs at best, but instead, an enchanting, azure gaze meets mine. "Who is that?" Ana coos, grinning like a lion whose found its prey. Shaking my head, I grapple for air to clear my head as incoherent words dribble from my lips. My senses were wrong, I think. The man at the front table smiles to himself, shifting his gaze to the notebook in front of him. My stomach churns with emotions. I feel my vampire senses tingling at the presence of another immortal, but as I glance around the room, I see the same faces I've been seeing every day. The only new one is that student. Besides incredibly pale skin and unnatural good looks, he could pass for human… I think. Ana winks at me, having said something I didn't quite catch. We head off to our table, her dirty whispers about the new guy. I grimace at her comments, not understanding half of them. She laughs at my expression. "Oh, please, don't tell me you didn't think about him naked the moment you saw him." I scoff, shaking my head as my cheeks warm. "I don't know him." Ana rolls her eyes, "You don't have to know someone to screw them." I sigh, seeing that she has been mesmerized by this guy's appearance. He oozes sexual desire from the dark, bad-boy look he's got going on. The black, long-sleeve shirt he's wearing in pushed up to his elbows. While loose, it still holds form to his lean torso. Dark, denim jeans extend over his long legs in to his leather boots. A thick, leather band is clipped around his left wrist, a silver yin-yang sign in the center. Those ocean-blue eyes flicker to mine. My cheeks catch fire as he grins. Ducking my head low, I study the chips and sketches on the black granite of my table. The teacher, Ms. Leaver, stands from her desk and takes roll before she makes an announcement that shatters my slowly resurfacing content. "For the last quarter of this year, we're going to have a seat change. With our new student, we have enough people in the class to assign one boy to one girl for everyone's favorite section to learn about; sexual education," The class's reaction is a mix of cat calls and groans of despair. I'm one of the few that drop their head to the desk. I've taken this course four times now and after the first one, I find the lesson to be… unnecessary. I huff, hardly listening to Ana's obnoxious whispers about her hopes of sitting next to the new guy and having a "study date" with him. "Cullen, you're next to new student." The new guy turns back with a slight grin. He watches me as I reluctantly move from my seat. Ana smirks at me as I slowly throw my backpack over my shoulder. Ana's cheeks are tight from her ear-to-ear smile. I glance at her, cocking an eyebrow. "What's with the look?" I blurt, eyes wide as I stare back at her. She bites her lip and nods over to the transfer, "You're sitting with that fine piece of man over there, that's what the look is." I follow her gaze to the back of his head, but with the slight tilted angle his head is at, I know he's listening. In spite of myself, I huff. "Don't remind me." His airy chuckle reaches my ears. Making the move across the room feels like forever, but eventually, I slip in to the cool, metal chair beside the handsome man. My lips rest in a tight line as I pull out my notebook and pen, scribbling the title of the lesson down. I wince, as I see the irony of the situation. 10.1 - Sexual Education I feel my human hormones flaring with the possessive desire of my vampire side. From the corner of my eye, I notice the strange man peeking at me. With a heavy sigh, I twist my head to stare out the window, not daring to meet the new student's amazing eyes. "We're going to start the lesson with an experiment. Socializing. Unlike other organisms, humans socialize and use a complex psychophysiology to decide whether the male or female is a desirable mate. Courtship with animals can be as simple as dominating the others competing for the female. As for humans, it's a long, complex process that we will begin today," Mrs. Leaver pauses. "The experiment I'm assigning you is to socialize with your partner. We're going to play out the sexual behavior of human beings throughout this lesson and the person sitting next you will be your mate. These experiments are not to encourage you all to have sex, but to help you better understand the lesson. Begin." The class explodes in to conversation. Some turn to their friends in other parts of the room, others make conversation with their new partner. As I glance around, the few that participate in the assignment, show simple attraction and lean closer to the opposite sex. I, on the other hand, sit with my hands clenching on my lap My head pounds, my throat going dry. I cannot believe this. Is this simply the wrath of a higher power or the sick twisted games of karma? I peek at my partner from the corner of my eye, feeling the warmth