Chapter One I woke up with a start, a horrible nightmare I couldn't remember disturbing my slumber, but that wasn't the end of it. A horrible pain wretches its way through my body, a fire burning through me with a greedy desire for a slow, vicious death. That's what it feels like; dying. My body convulses in agony, an agony that swallows you up and dug its nails in to your core, demanding you break under it. My bones were shattering beneath my skin as they stretch under the pull of an invisible force. I swear, my skin is melting off of me, oozing to the cherry wood of my bedroom floor. I do not cry out, I can not cry out, I'd wake the rest of my household and that would be far worse than whatever was going on with me. Instead, I hold my jaw tight, my teeth grinding together fiercely, and I wonder how much more pressure it would take before they'd shatter. I have to do something, anything . There is something wrong with me. Something very, very wrong. If I didn't leave now, I don't know what would happen. It'd be bad; that's all I know. I shove off my bed, crumbling to the floor. My legs are made of jelly, a mushy mixture of shifting bones and gooey muscles, but I push passed it; I can't stay here. God, why is it so fucking hot? Sweat pours off of me as if I'd been dipped in the ocean, my perspiration forming puddles as I stumble in to the hall. Maybe its me, maybe that's why my skin feels as if it's boiling and slipping right off; my temperature feels higher than humanly possible for me to still be breathing. I don't have time to contemplate this as another round of raw pain rips down my spine. I feel as if I just broke in to two pieces and I shove my fist in my mouth to muffle the cry that broke passed my lips. Angry tears trickle down my face, sizzling against my cheeks. In the moonlight streaming through the windows, I could see thin clouds of steam billowing from my body. I struggle to make it to the stairs, but I manage with diving down them; I stick the landing with my face. I ignore the dull ache from my new found injury that pales in comparison to the misery tearing my body apart. I force my arms to push me from the floor as I scramble out the back door, needing out of this house. Hot, muggy air is what greets me, not so welcoming at all. South Florida's latest rain has left the atmosphere wet and heavy, drowning me in its sticky humidity. My frizzing hair sticks to my cheeks, my clothes clinging to me like a second-skin, and I feel a new round of sweat drip down my back. I don't stop, I can't stop, I just move. I run and run, run far away. My feet carry me beyond my neighborhood, until the dim lights of civilization are mere dots in the distance. I'm not exactly sure where I end up, just that I've expelled every last once of energy that had been left in my body. I crumble in to the moist dirt, the soil cool against my shins. I finally allow myself to scream, cry, and vocally free myself from the pain. The dark skies clear, allowing the full moon's white spotlight to wash over my form. That's when the pain becomes almost unbearable, my brain bursting in to flames as my body seizes. I scream out, but suddenly, it sounds more like a howl. "Where were you last night?" My head snaps up the puddle of drool that's accumulated over the course of my nap. How long had I been asleep? I don't remember passing out, but then again, I don't remember much of this day. I do have recall, with vivid clarity, Mr. Haji assigning the whole class outlines for the new chapter we're starting Monday and so far, my notes aren't looking too stellar. Well, they're not my best; just lazy. I can only thank the Heavens that it's Friday; I've been exhausted all week and my mind is wandering to other things… like the fact I've been turning in to a damn dog for the past few weeks… but whatever, no biggie, school comes first. A yawn scratches its way passed my lips as I rub the sleep out of my eyes. I hear a sudden tapping and realize that Diane said something to me. She must have woke me, which I don't know if I appreciate or not. I'm still tired. I look over her lazily, waiting for her to say something. She looks like she's waiting for something; Jesus, this woman is going to kill me. Well, by the look on her face, it looks like she wants to. Diane glares at me from the other side of the kitchen, daggers or something in my direction. I know I've already annoyed her by setting up my work on her bar, but I'd hoped this would prevent me from sleeping. As it turns out, my textbook has become quite comfortable over the last few weeks. Actually, everything is comfortable when you get less than an hour of sleep tonight. I can't just ignore my school work, especially science. Lord knows what would happen should I fail; my father, a rocket scientist, would blow the fuck up. Pun intended. "Did you say something?" I ask languidly, shoving my hair off my face. "You heard me, Shiloh. Where were you last night? I heard a ruckus." "Could you describe the ruckus?" I deadpan, my joke falling upon humorless ears. I don't know she manages to not even crack a smile; that movie is a classic. Glancing over to her, I see how un-amused she truly is as I meet her livid hazel eyes. The angry look pinches to furious, her fists plant themselves firmly on her hips and the glare shifts from 'I'm-so-irritated-with-you' to 'I'm-going-to-murder-you-in-your-sleep'. I sigh, dropping my head back in to my folded arms. I'm way too tired for her bullshit; can she antagonize me like, later or something? She shifts her body to me, the accusation oozing in to the air with the same intensity as her ever-lasting hatred for me. "I went to check on you the other night... guess what I found?" She pauses as if there's something dramatic to be revealed. I wasn't here. I know that. "Your bed was empty and you were gone; this isn't the first time either. You've been sneaking out." I stare blankly at her, waiting for her to make a point that'll actually matter to me. I'm almost eighteen, I can leave when I please. Besides, who is she to make a fuss over anything? I was pissed when she turned my father in to an adulterer, but I kept my mouth shut 'out of respect' as dear old dad called it. I yawn, looking at the clock and deciding I'll finish this assignment after a goodnight's sleep; if I get one tonight. I close my textbook over my notebook. When I look back at Diane, her face is a bright red, giving her white-blonde hair an off-tone appearance. With her shoulders shaking in anger and the expression on her pointy, little face, all you need is smoke blowing out of her ears to make this comical. "There's a strict curfew in this house and you have broken it more than once. I'm going to speak to your father about this and the attitude you've been walking around here with." I shrug, dumping my stuff in to my backpack. She huffs and stomps back to the sink. The water starts to run from the tap followed by the furious scrubbing of dishes. I glance over at her, surprised by how angry she can make cleaning sound. I shuffle my bag over my shoulder and make my way to the stairs when I hear her throw the scrubbing brush down. I glance back as Diane whips around, her face still pinched real tight. "Don't think I won't tell him because I will," I contain the eye roll, "Okay?" "Tonight. I'm going to tell him. Tonight." Shaking my head, I turn back around and make it halfway up the stairs, my patience for this woman wearing thin. I hear the water shut off and her scampering heels as she stomps to the landing, her pitch-y voice grating against my ears like nails on a chalkboard. I cringe as she shouts a final threat, "I'm going to expose you for the conniving brat you are! You'll be grounded for months!" "Jesus H. Christ, woman, take a fucking Valium." I'm not sure if she hears me because I slam my door shut behind me and topple on to my bed. The world fades out before I even register my head meeting my pillow. Saturday morning, I find myself sitting across from my father in the dining room. I sit, cross-armed, in the nine-hundred dollar chair Dearest Diane 'had to have'. Several others occupy the long table, the oak wood gleaming as the morning sun streams through the open blinds. I know what's coming, I've been expecting it, but that doesn't mean I didn't hope my dad wouldn't try to get rid of me like he did my mother. I contemplate whether or not to throw it in his face; it's like it'll make a difference. "Shiloh, I think it'd be for the better if you went to live with your mother." "Cut the crap, dad, just admit it; the whore hates me and I've been ruining her ideal family from day one." Dad runs a hand through his full, yet graying-brown hair. Tired eyes plead with me to be reasonable, to work with him, but I'm not feeling so feasible. I was six when he left my mom and he'd been cheating on her with Diane four years before that. She'd been his assistant, a pretty little thing back then. She's not so pretty anymore, her face growing more angular and pointy with age. Then again, I've never found the appeal when compared to my mother. Clearly, I'm biased, but you don't screw around with office skanks when you have a wife and child waiting for you every night. "You're not going to make this easy, are you?" "And you fought so hard for custody." Shaking his head, dad stands and paces the dining room. The house he made his new life in is really extravagant. A kitchen any professional chef would kill to have, a den and a living room, a dining room, a fucking study, and what else? I mean, besides the back porch, a balcony for the master bedroom, and three regular size rooms: all complete with their own bathrooms. It's a beautiful structure, even I can't deny that, but it's never felt like a home. I never a had chance to get comfortable because Diane lurks around every corner, finding a new excuse to keep me away. You'd think she'd like the fact that I was sneaking out. Dad leans against a chair across from me, his eyes piercing in to mine, but I don't look away. He's testing me right now, using his stupid psychology to see if I'll break under pressure. Even before the supernatural side of me kicked in, I was a dominant person. I meet his gaze head on and hold it even after my eyes are dry, not blinking. It's no surprise when he breaks first, passing it off as if he's stressed out. He pinches the bride of his nose, tilting his head back, "Have you been sneaking out?" "Let's be honest here, if you can bear speaking the truth for once, pops; your mind is made up. The step-monster wants me gone, so I'm gone