A/N: So, some of you may hate me for this... But, I deleted all of my other stories. I just felt like they were so cluttered, and so drawn out, and I kept getting the plot lines of all of them confused. So I'm starting over. This story is gonna be epic. I'm going to keep you on the edge of your seat, just waiting for me to update ;) Please read, and review, and also, I will take any requests for something my readers want to happen in the story. I will listen, and genuinely consider all requests. Also, I can handle some constructive criticism. Thanks, and ENJOY :) Flame of Destiny Chapter one *Renesmee's point of view* Jacob and I were walking down first beach, our fingers intertwined. We were telling stories, sharing memories of my brief childhood. I loved being with him more than anything; we laughed and had fun all of the time. And he loved to see me laugh. The sun was just beginning to set over the horizon when Jake stopped abruptly. He turned to face me, his deep black eyes staring adorably into my chocolate brown ones. I thought I might have started hyperventilating. He leaned in towards me, ever so slowly... His forehead was resting against mine, and my heart was beating way faster than normal. " Nessie..." he whispered huskily in my ear. " Y-yes..?" I stuttered, struggling for words.. and breath. " I love you." Jacob whispered, quiet as a breath. He leaned in and ever so gently pressed his lips against mine. The aggravating ring of my alarm clock yanked me away from my amazing dream, my amazing Jacob. I groaned, rolling over smacking the snooze button. I rolled back over in my satin sheets, feigning sleep once more, to finish my dream... I heard my father clear his throat suggestively. Five more minutes.. PLEASE... I begged in my head. "Okay, Nessie." he said. I smiled, so content with my hold on my parents, especially my dad. When I started replaying some of our best memories, I dozed. Then I woke up to my alarm clock screaming at me once more. I rolled over, my hand inches away from smashing the snooze button just one more time... "Renesmee Carlie Cullen, do not hit that snooze button! You're going to make it to where you won't have time to get ready for school!" aunt Alice roared in her high squeaky voice, as if it were the most horrible crime in the world to commit. I groaned and pulled my comforter up over my face. Just then I heard my mother's dainty footsteps breeze up the stairs. She pecked on the door before walking in. She perched herself on the edge of my bed, and began stroking a few of my curls that weren't sheathed my my blanket. "It's time to rise and shine, baby girl." She cooed, and I rolled over, uncovering my face to look into her loving, golden eyes. A smile that would blind you broke out on her face.. "There are those beautiful brown eyes that your father loves so much. How did you sleep, my Renesmee?" She asked. I blushed slightly—curse my human characteristics—and looked away from her, remembering the dream I had been so caught up in not even ten minutes ago. "I slept good, momma." I said as casually as possible—even though she already knew something was up, because I still didn't prefer to speak aloud, and I generally played my dreams back to her—as I slid off of my bed to go get dressed for school. I didn't look back at her facial expression, afraid of what suspicion may be lurking on her beautiful face. I decided I had time to shower, so I walked into my bathroom leaving my mother on my bed. I turned the water on and got in, letting the warmth soak into my skin.. I always kept the water a little hot, well, because it kinda reminded me of Jake. Through the noise of the shower, I could still hear Alice, trying to pick out my clothes for school. "Alice, just let me do it. I want her to look like a teenage girl, not a Victoria's Secret model. Besides, if you pick it out, she'll spend all day trying to squeeze into it, it'll be so form-fitting." mom joked with my very fashion-forward aunt. She huffed, but floated down the stairs in defeat. That was not in character for her, and we both knew it. "well, that was easier than expected.." I heard mom mumble to herself. I shivered in the hot water, and stood there focusing on the heat for a good five minutes until I realized that I still had to get ready for school... So, I washed my hair and my body quickly, and turned off the water before I could continue standing there. I wrapped my wet curls up into a towel, and snatched another towel to dry myself hastily. I wrapped my big towel around me, stepped out of my shower, threw my clothes in my hamper and went to my closet to get dressed. My mom wasn't in there when I came in, and for that I was slightly grateful. I loved my mother more than anything, but I won't get dressed in front of anyone, so it saved me the heartbreak of kicking her out. There was a clothes hanger on the hook inside the door, with today's outfit hanging on it. I took a moment to look it over. It was a black pair of skinny jeans, with a deep purple shirt that had sparkles on it. Gosh, I loved when my mom picked out my clothes. They weren't too plain, but also not too over the top. I slipped my towel off, and put today's outfit on. I found the shoes she picked to go with the outfit in front of my queen sized bed. They were black, suede ankle boots—with a two inch heel—that were really cute. And I had never seen them once in my life. I brushed my curls carefully so they wouldn't turn into an Afro, and did a waterfall braid carefully in my hair. I looked at my 15 year old body in the mirror, smiling like I do every time, when I see that I am a perfect mixture of both of my parents. My eyes were still the same deep brown color, but my hair had darkened the tiniest bit. I had my mom's jaw-line, and my dad's nose. I grabbed my school bag, and flitted down the stairs. My dad was on the couch—with mom cradled on his lap—and he smiled my mom's favorite crooked smile at me, and his liquid gold eyes shined at me. "Good morning, princess." he said. Good morning, Daddy. I walked over and kissed him on the cheek. I smelled my breakfast in the kitchen. I could hear my grandma scraping the eggs from the pan to my plate. My stomach growled in impatience. Now that I was four years old chronologically—and fifteen physically—I preferred human food over blood. But my favorite human food has always been eggs. I walked in the kitchen and took a deep breath. That smells amazing, grandma. I showed her as I gave her a kiss on the cheek. She chuckled, and went to get my toast that just popped up out of the toaster. "I hope you're hungry, Nessie" She said as she sat my plate in front of me at the bar in the kitchen. "Oh I am." I replied, and dug in. I was soon distracted though. I could hear the thumping of my Jacob's beating heart outside in the trees. He was waiting there for me, watching me through the giant glass windows. This was an everyday thing. Jacob normally took me to school, but he would wait for me outside usually. Just then two larger beating hearts came into my hearing range. It must have been Seth and Leah. I heard a snarl, and just then, my dad. "Bella, love, I'll be right back. Stay here..." He said as he slid momma off his lap, and strode quickly out the back doors. I was watching him, and listening intently, despite the fact that my parents had always raised me not to eavesdrop on someone else's business. Ten seconds after dad went out, my momma glided through the doors behind him, even though he told her not to. "Renesmee, I know that you aren't eavesdropping..." Grandma said sarcastically, but scolding at the same time. I blushed and looked down. "Sorry" I whispered, but I didn't mean it. The curiosity was eating me alive. Why would my father just run out the door without any explanation to my mom? And why would my mom go out without any explanation to me? It didn't make any sense to me... But I respected my parents, and Jacob, so I stopped trying to listen to what they said. But what was going on? Surely they haven't came back already... I shivered. The volturi. They were the source behind all of my nightmares. The reason why I woke up most nights crying. And they were the reason my parents were so protective of me. If the Volturi were back, they would tell me, right? It had been maybe twenty seconds since my dad had sailed out the back door. My grandma giggled at my response. I honestly tried to mind my own business, but there was nothing else to distract me. My grandpa was at work, Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett were out of town on vacation, and aunt Alice had dragged uncle Jasper out to go hunting. I decided to focus on the soft humming of my grandma as she scrubbed the dishes clean. I recognized the tune. It was her favorite piece that Daddy had composed The one thing I heard from the conversation: "I know Bella.. But she'll be fine. We all will. No one is gonna get my little girl." Daddy said. Jacob huffed in agreement, as my eyes started watering. My grandma stopped humming for a couple seconds and started again, trying to act like she didn't hear it, too. It was taking everything I had not to let the tears fall, but I trusted my family more than anything, and it was that trust that kept my tears from falling. My parents came back through the door, followed by Jacob in his human form. Dad and grandma exchanged a look. He looked at me and shook his head no, and two seconds later nodded yes. "Will someone please tell me what's going on!?" I shrieked. Everyone looked at me surprised. Jacob came and sat beside me and used his index finger to turn my head to look at him. He stared deep into my eyes. "Nessie, I know you're worried. But everything is fine. If you were in danger, we would not be here right now. Your safety is my number one priority. Everything will be okay.." He whispered to only me. I put my hand over his hand that was still resting on my face. I heard what daddy said to mom... I showed him. He looked down, like he didn't know what to say to that one. I shrugged his hand away from me and started eating. "You know how paranoid your mother is, Renesmee." Daddy said. That one was true. Mom rolled her eyes and said, "You need to hurry up and eat or you'll be late for school." I truthfully forgot all about going to school. "Esme, could you run Nessie to school, please?" Daddy asked. Grandma wasn't the most comfortable driving, but she would do it if needed. NO I yelled in my head. Don't get me wrong, I love my grandma so much, but I wanted Jacob to drive me to school so I Could coax whatever was going