A/N: This is my third story for FF. I wanted to write something for Marcus. The poor man needs a little happiness. Please feel free to review and give me your opinion. This will be a non-canon story. It is about Bella and Marcus. There will be Edward bashing, so be warned. Also, it is rated M. There will be some violence and lemons. If you are under eighteen, pass on by. I do not own the characters. I just have them playing in my world. I would like to thank my ever- so- lovely pre-reader, Teamhotmen. Kudos to the awesome beta, hapakids. For without her, my writing would be nothing more than a scribbled mess. Chapter 1 BPOV It was six months ago that Edward dumped me in the forest. At the time, I felt as if my entire world was crumbling around me. Hearing the man that I thought I loved tell me that I was nothing more than a distraction and that he never loved me, played havoc with my already low self esteem. To say that I was hurt, would be putting it lightly. I was devastated. I did the obligatory crying and a bout of depression. However, after a few weeks, I snapped out of it. I was hit with a moment of clarity, and I, finally, saw everything in it's proper perspective. I was a gullible fool. Looking back at how Edward treated me, I realized that he never respected my feelings or opinions. He always had to have his way, and if that meant doing things in an underhanded fashion, then so be it. I was his puppet to control. He always told me what to wear, how to act, and even what I should eat. He claimed that he did it because he loved me and wanted what was best for me. The real reason was the fact that Edward was an obsessive control freak. He was nothing more than a spoiled brat who always had to have his way. I also suspect that Edward is probably nothing more than a player. He loves having females fawn all over him. The knowledge that I allowed him to control me must have given him some sort of vampire high. Like I said, I was a fool. I realized that I was not his mate. If I had been, he never would have been able to leave me and in such a hurtful manner. I don't know why I never saw that sooner. Afterall, I had been around three mated couples for well over six months, and they never treated each other the way Edward treated me. I chalked it up to the fact that he was my first boyfriend, and I was a little light headed over it. With this epiphany, I was able to get over him and move on with my life. I graduated high school. In fact, I was the valedictorian of my class. My grades were high enough to get me accepted into several prestigious colleges. I, actually, was accepted into three Ivy League schools, an accomplishment that had my father brimming with pride. Unfortunately, my joy over the colleges that accepted me was short lived. I had decided to attend Stanford and was making the preparations for my departure. I hated the idea of leaving my dad alone to fend for himself. The poor man couldn't boil water much less cook. Sensing my concern for his well being, he gave me one of his famous pep talks, encouraging me to go to school, and that he would be fine. So I acquiesced. I was uncomfortable with the idea of driving my monstrosity of a truck all the way to California. After careful consideration, I decided to trade it in for a more reliable means of transportation. I had enough money in my checking account to pay for the car upfront (I never told anyone that my grandmother had left me a rather impressive sum of money when she passed away). I found the perfect car for me, and it got great mileage. I purchased a 2009 Ford Focus. Sure, I knew it wasn't flashy or exciting, but it was perfect for me. I was out shopping for a few more items to take with me, and I was running late. I told Charlie that I would be back in time to make him one last dinner before I left on my journey to California. I rushed myself through the store and practically tore out of the parking lot when I noticed the time. When I finally got home, I saw that Charlie's police cruiser was already there. Getting prepared to do some serious apologizing, I grabbed my things and headed inside. It was then that my life forever altered. I walked through the front door and called out to my father. When I received no answer, I headed on into the living room. The sight that greeted me would be forever burned into my memory. There lay my father, in a pool of his own blood, with his head propped up on his beloved flat screen t.v. His blood was splattered everywhere. I don't' remember much after that. Everything seems to be a blur. I vaguely remember calling 911 and of calling Jake, my best friend. I was on autopilot. The pack from La Push made it to the house before the police and ambulance did. I felt Jake grab a hold of me and carry me outside. He stayed with me the entire time I had to give the police my statement. The officer who came was good friend of Charlie's and even he had difficulty dealing with everything. As soon as I was finished, Jake informed me that he was taking me to his house, and that I wouldn't have to worry about anything. He said that the pack would do whatever cleaning up that needed to be done. I allowed myself to be taken away from the horror. When we reached Jake's house, he took me to his room and layed me down on his bed. It was then that the floodgates opened, and I cried my heart out, grieving for the loss of my father. It was two days later that we had the funeral for my dad. Everyone from Forks showed up to lend me their support. As miserable as I was, I was encouraged to both see and hear how much Charlie meant to everyone. It was a small comfort that I took away with me. I was still staying at the Black's house, when Jake came to me while I was cooking dinner for us and his father. He informed me that Sam, the alpha of the pack, needed to speak with me. We drove over to the house that Sam shares with his imprint, Emily. They lovingly greeted me and asked me to sit down. I was a bit apprehensive and curious as to why they were all acting weird. I asked him to just come out and say whatever it was that he needed to tell me. Sam respected my request and told me what was going on. He informed me that when he and the pack went inside my house that the first thing that hit them was the stench of a blood sucker. I was not too shocked by this bit of information. Due to the way my father was killed, I had my own suspicions that a vampire killed him. He also informed me that a note was left by my father's body. Obviously, I never saw it. He handed it to me to read, and I just about lost it. It was from the red headed tramp, Victoria. She claimed that she was out for revenge, and that I was going to pay because her mate was killed. I saw red. The lousy Cullens were responsible for his death, not me. Why should I be the one to pay for their actions? Jake asked me who the hell Victoria was, and I told them everything. They growled when I got to the part of how James attacked me, and how he was the one that broke my leg. Poor Jake! He got so angry, he had to go outside before he shifted right next to me. It was then that Sam decided that I would be staying on the reservation. It was for my protection. I agreed with him, although I wasn't happy about it. I knew that as long as a revenge bent vampire had it out for me ,that I would not be able to attend school at the time. I called the school, informing them that my father was murdered and that I wouldn't be attending this year. After hearing their condolences, they, graciously, offered to save my spot for the next year. At least , this way, I would have something to look forward to. A month passed and the pack was constantly out on patrol, with only one staying behind to guard me. I really hated the babysitting. It was late one evening when a loud howl was heard. I knew that they must have come across something. I eagerly waited to find out what happened. It was about an hour later when Jake came home. He was angry and muttering to himself. I stepped forward and placed my hand on his arm. He glanced down to me. Wrapping his arms around me, he informed me of what happened. Jake told me that Paul was on patrol when he came across the scent of a vampire. He called out to the rest of the pack and they went on a hunt, looking for the "leech" as he put it. They were finally able to surround the vampire. Jake believes that the vampire was only recently changed. He had no fighting ability, but he was strong. Jake informed me that it was Sam who was finally able to take a chunk out of the "leach". It was then that the vampire realized what he was up against. He started to beg for his life in exchange for information about Victoria's plans . Realizing that they had a chance to find out what was going on, they decided to let him live. Well, they let him live a few moments longer. Jake informed me that Victoria is creating a newborn army to, not only kill me, but she has decided that she wants the wolves as well. I nearly lost it. The last thing that I wanted was for more people to be killed because of me. I started to talk about leaving, but he wouldn't hear it. The pack had vowed to protect me, and protect me they would. A few weeks later, Jake came home to inform me that the "red head", as he calls her, had been weaving her way in and out of Forks. The pack wasn't sure what her plans were, but they stepped up their patrols just in case. He also told me that the pack had picked up the scents from several other vampires. This had me very concerned. Since the Cullens have moved, there really wasn't any reason for there to be new vampires showing up. It was then that I caught sight of that day's newspaper. The front headlines spoke of mass disappearances and of what they referred to as "gang violence" going on in Seattle. Upon closer inspection, I realized that there was no way that what was going on was due to any sort of gang. The fact that people were missing, spoke volumes to me. Based on the destruction that was going on in such a short period of time, it sounded all too suspicious to me. There was no way that any humans could have been responsible for all of it. With the evidence before me, I concluded that both the disappearances and the violence could only mean one