A/N: Hey Guys! Thanks for reading my first story like this! Ahhhh ASDFJKL, I'm so excited! I know there are a bunch of errors, but I was just to excited to share this with you! This is one of those stories where you're input matters, leave reviews, or take part in my poll about you're favorite character's, arena ideas, or whatever else I may ask, and it'll be more likely that they will win! COOKIES (::)(::)(::)(::) District 7 Male (Ash Lomax): Age: (16) Reaping day: I take one last deep breath before the film starts.. "War terrible war!" It seemed to echo as I stood arms waiting, my chin held high to strain and see the stage over the fifty millionth worried teen. I looked just to my left to see my brothers standing in the 18+ section. Tall, handsome, and built, off course they were all married off, some probably with kids of their own by now. I wouldn't really know actually, kids in 7 rarely get to know there whole family when there parents keep popping out kids purely for more tesserae. My only younger sibling Wren, was so tiny I could barely see her on my brother's shoulders. At 7 years old she knew what was going on today, but thank god she rarely spoke out about it. She used to - but ever since we lost Cliff in a Hunger Games when she was barely 4, things changed. Her wide eye bounced from the screen to my face, and back again. I let out a puff of air that nipped at my face, our reapings were held at 5:30 in the morning so the capital wouldn't endure any power shortages, or luxury wooden hunger games themed items. "As usual Ladies first of course," our mentor buzzed giggling happily as she fished around in the reaping bowels. Her foot high, bubble like heels made her tottered, as she brushed off her bubble like see through coat before reading. "Hazel Horan," She called. I didn't know Hazel Horan, but I knew who ever she was, she wasn't going to make it. She practically went up there in tears, grasping nervously at her torso. No older than late 15, or early 16s she weeped. "This one could bring great honor!" The escort cawed pecking her cheek. "And now for the male!" I could feel my side of the barricade tense. Not me, not me, not- "Ash Lomax," She called and I froze. That's me, that was my name. I tense my shoulders, trying to not look back as I heard Wren squeak. "Let's give a round of applause to this years tributes," The bubble woman cheered, as mild clapping erupted and we were taken into separate rooms. I sat on a plushy blue couch waiting for my family to come in. Waiting, for anyone to come in really. 10 minutes passed, 13, 16, 20. No one. I sighed scratching at my brow. I was good looking enough, I mean I probably was the least scared up in my year at school. I growled getting up pacing, I was built from chopping down trees, but no where near a career in size, but enough not to be completely overlooked. Finally I hear a knock at my door, figuring it was time to board the train I started making my way over only to be hit with Wren flying at me. "No. No. No. No. No. No!" She screamed hysterically latching onto my legs. "Cliff went and didn't come back! They never ever come back! People die!" She moaned into my legs burying her excessive brown curls into my thighs. "Ash you gotta come back! They all left me, Mom, and Dad-" She paused her voice cracking, "Don't like me, Y-you-" She sniffed. Dad pretty much saw kids 11-18 as tesserae banks, and 18+ as money banks to 'loan' from. Mom cared enough to feed us, tuck us in, and all that, but she was distant. With our names in there for that much tesserae, enough for Dad to bargain with, and eat- we were 3 times as likely to be picked if not more. "Come on Wren- Mom loves you," I promised picking her underweight form up and placed her in my lap. It's not that 7 needed it as much as 10, 11, or 12, but extra tesserae will still always be in high demand at under the table meetings, and side business scams. "Besides we have Johanna Mason now, she can help me win," I sighed into her curls as she glared up at me. "Fine. Henna want's you home to you know," She muttered into my chest giggling a little bit. Henna was my age, she and I have been best friends since we were sectioned the same part of the logging in assignment day when we were no older then Wren. Henna was stronger the most boys my age, and you know a girl.. So that being said, she was fairly popular, while I- was not. Wren suddenly had her arms in a loose choke hold. "I think she likes you," She whispered quietly, and I shook my head. "Thanks for the tip off Wren," I winked kissing her cheek, and holding onto her for dear life. This may be our last time talking, and if she wanted to spend it on my non-existent, fairy tale love life she could. Just as the door creaks open I whisper, "I love you." She shakes her tiny head, "Not as much as I love you," She starts to sniffle and a peace keeper comes in. "Time to go," he growls picking her up, dragging her out. "Noooooooo," she whines as I look away. She didn't need to see me like this, worried, broken, no one should. I- "Next, you have 5 minutes," The gruff voice shoves in a figure a few inches shorter then me. A small smile has lighten up her face, her eyes a bit red rimmed as she walked over. "You've done it now Ash," Henna laughs, but I can hear the thickness in her voice. Her usually tied back hair was loose and frizzy like she ran her fingers over it in worry a few too many times. Henna punches me in the shoulder, but immediately changes her mind and wraps her arms around my neck, in a similar way to Wren. "Look Johanna can help you, she's seen us around town before she won. Just prove you're worth it... Like me and Wren know you are okay?" She loosens her grip blushing and side stepping to look me in the eyes. "Give it your best shot axe men," She jokes. "Only if you root me on, Muscles," I wink, and she sighs. "Just.. try," She sighs, and as the door swings open once again, I feel her lips brush my cheek. "Try," She calls as a peacekeeper tugs her out. "That's the last of em', time to get out," The man hissed at me, dragging me out. The train shoves off and I look outside one last time, at the dwindlings pines, and oaks of home. "I'm gonna miss the forest," Hazel mutters walking up next to me. "I'm not," I grumble, because it's the truth the forest held nothing for me, it was all in the people I've spent time with there. District 4 Female: (Aril Newell) (*said air- le) Age: (12) Reaping Day: I was still half asleep by the time I was set in front of the mirror, my hair tied in tiny pink ribbon, left from my sister's first few reapings. "You look adorable Aril," My sister whispers tightening the baby pastel pink bows. "Thanks," I mutter looking down, my hands clasped tightly together to keep from shaking. "I was excited too, don't worry. Just think they might show you on TV, for the whole capital! I mean I know it's too late to do the little bits of training we have here, but you can attend combat seminars if you're shown on TV," Ambra gushes. At 17 it's going to be her last reaping this year. Technically in District 4 we aren't careers 'cause we don't have full time training, but only school hours, during the school year. Though Ambra trained since she was 6, and would volunteer this year. Most years we have at least 1 volunteer, but the thing is it's seen as weak to volunteer for a classmate you deem as worthy, a friend, or a family member, so some years we're stuck being "honorable" and someone who should not go into the games does. And probably more often than not, you're a friend with the person picked anyway, so you wouldn't dare go up then. I stiffen, as she looks over her already perfect silk gown. Mine was small and went to the floor, tight at the top, as it puffed out at the waast giving it the most 'classic, and vintage' look. It was all a grey color after fading from it's orignal light black from Ambra's reaping, and my Mom's before that. It actually had a matching baby pink ribbon around it's waste. Simple, and classic. "It's time," My Mom smiled at us. I could see how proud she was, but behind it I could see how pale she was, how scared for Ambra. My Dad got up Stiffly before patting my head awkwardly, and smirking out at the crowd of people. Suddenly everything blurred around, and before I know it I was shoved up to the 12 year olds, and watching a video on our nations history. Most families don't need tesserae with less than 5 people in them, but if you do, you get it in secret at night. Me, and Ambra have both gotten it, her once every 4 months. You were allowed to monthly, but Mom thought to be too extreme. So I have my name in there 4 times as of now. Just four, only four, I chanted in my head. "Ladies bowl first," Our escort Christin chirped and snagged a paper. I whipped my head around to see Ambra. Tall and proud she stood waiting to try and bring us as something as silly as honor. She coughed and called a name, my ears full of cotton as I waited my sister to volunteer, but she never did. Her jaw locking as she turned to glare at me, a mixture between bitterness, and pity. "I said Aril Newell," She smiled as everyone turned to me. My eyes fly to the size of saucers as I climbed up the steps. How Ironic I got all pretty 'in case' I was seen in passing, now I was the star. "Finally, a bit lost dear," She joked making the crowd chuckle. No one liked it when a 12 year old went in, but in an almost career district... I think they'd understand Ambra dishonoring to volunteer for me. "Any volunteers," Christin cooed, "No," She gasped obviously hoping I wasn't it. I locked eyes with my Ambra, and they said it all. I'm sorry, but you already stole my one form of honor, I will not do another act for you. "Fine. For the boys-" she finished the ceremony quickly, my ears still filled with cotton, my knees weak from worry, my eyes red rimmed from the tears i obviously blinked back. "My baby girl," My Mom clawed at the door running in, and scooping me up. "She was supposed to come back, you were never to have gone in," My Mom moaned hugging me. "Finnick was the youngest to win at 14! 14!" She growled as my father sat in the corner looking somber. "Don't- she needs focus, she will win and come back," my Dad growled with such timid confidence, that I wanted to believe him too. "Oh. of course, what was I thinking..." My Mom righted herself still clutching at my hand, like I was about to