Hey Everyone, I've been away for such a long time. To be honest I stepped away from my Arrow fic last year to start writing this one and I've literally taken a year to complete it! I will return to Arrow soon but I had to get this one out of my head first. Please let me know what you think. It was inspired by the song of the same name. Please note - This will be a 2 chapter fic and there is some profanity in this chapter. The first time I saw them, I wanted to break his face. I visualized it vividly. I would walk up, yank his arm away from her shoulder and slam my fist so deep into his face he would never get up again. I had to sit inside my car for a long time to let the rage stop rattling inside my bones. By the time I caught my breath and let my heart settle into a steady rhythm, they were long gone. I doubt they saw me. I had parked at the end of the supermarket's parking lot, a good distance from her car near the entrance. She had done that while we were dating too because she hated walking, even if was just a few yards to the door. I used to tease her over it every time we stopped here. Now I just watched her drive away in silence. In the end, I skipped my own shopping and started up my car and drove home. The second time I saw them, I was at Seth's high school graduation party. She walked in holding his hand and didn't spare me a second glance. It didn't escape me that he avoided my stare too. The entire room seemed on edge around us. I kept to one side of the house with Jared and Sam flanking me on either side. We made an impressive trio. The biggest and most powerful men in the room, drinking whiskey, while what seemed the entire tribe, buzzed around us. I tried to play it cool and kept loose conversation going with Jared, but when Jacob walked by to talk about Jared's busted truck, I excused myself for a bathroom run. Jacob gave me a jerky nod in acknowledgment and awkwardly looked away. I wanted to hate him for it, but instead I avoided his stare and spared him the need for uncomfortable small talk. We hadn't always gotten along but when I started seriously dating his sister our dynamic changed. One day after teasing him for sulking over another break-up with his on and off again girlfriend, Bella, instead of getting angry, he just laughed. He started to make an effort to hang out with me and we talked cars and music while I waited for his sister before our dates. He used to ask me for tips on how to impress Bella and I asked him for tips on how to make his sister happy. Sometimes his dad would be in a good mood and offer us a beer, sit with us, and laughingly say he was happy there was another guy in the house. But now we barely even looked at each other. I avoided him the rest of the night and skipped out of the party early. I got tired of people's eyes ping ponging between me and the new couple; everyone attempting to make awkward small talk while the rest of the room gossiped about how the love of my life was hugging her new lover. Plus, if I didn't leave, I would have likely physically hurt someone by the end of the night. The third time I saw them, I was at the post office dropping off a package for Sam. I was in full uniform since I was in-between shifts at the station and my cruiser was parked outside. An officer of the law, who was part the tribe, was still a rare thing on tribal lands. Everyone still liked to mutter about how it was nice to see one of their boys in the uniform and not being put away by one. I still hadn't gotten used to the respectful looks and murmurs of appreciation I got from the Elders. But the job had given me a strange confidence that I now wore like a second skin. I liked the way the young kids in town blew out their smokes when I walked by, some even standing up a little straighter. I didn't mind the way some of the men tipped their hats in my direction when I walked inside stores. I definitely never minded the long glances some of the women, young and old gave me when I wore the uniform either. But right then, standing in the small post office with the two of them just a few feet away acting like I didn't exist, I hated the entire thing. I was like a damn beacon in a lighthouse. There was no way to say they hadn't seen me and her indifference hurt a lot more than I wanted it too. Mrs. Weaver, who was working the desk, was openly glaring at both of them and giving me sympathetic looks I was ignoring. I barely remember buying the postage for the package. But I do remember how she fiddled with her phone and looked down when I walked past her on the way out. He had already moved away to see another teller so I barely spared him a glance. The whole encounter ended with me wasting my break on half a bottle of whiskey. I also made my first legitimate arrest that day. I busted a group of teens for pot and underage drinking, things I hadn't exactly been guilt free of in my youth. Sam practically fired me after I dropped off my report on his desk. I reeked of alcohol and had written down gibberish. He ranted about how I wasn't taking the job seriously and how the whole town was relying on us to show we could handle the responsibility. We needed to impress Forks and show them we could handle being in charge of our lands. It was the deal the Council struck to avoid them invading out territory and policing our people. I nodded at all the right places during his angry speech but barely missed throwing up on his desk after he was done. He helped me clean up and drove me home in silence. We didn't talk about that day again. The next time I saw them, I was making out with a Forks girl at one of the only decent bars our tribe had. There were only two really: Old man Walker's, who only really allowed the Elder's in and the one Betty Weaver ran, even though her mother disapproved. Betty was in her forties, had a brass tongue and ran her bar with an iron fist. Anyone sixteen and older was welcome to drink, party, and have a good time. But the minute someone lost control of their liquor or started to fight, you were out. That night all the teens had been thrown out. Jared and I had showed up around ten and had barely sat down when a group of seventeen year olds on the other side of the room were unceremoniously thrown out. Betty herself power walking over to them and asking them to leave immediately. We weren't wearing our badges but the tribe was taking our roles so seriously our power carried over into our civilian life. I hadn't planned on meeting any women there; you live in one place long enough and your sort of end up knowing everyone in the area. But that night a group of women from Forks were taking up half the bar. It was a rare event; most women from the other side of town avoided our side. They were either here on a dare or just wanted a night of feeling rebellious. Rebellion, it turned out was the reason one of them slid up next to me after my third beer. I could blame the alcohol but really it was just my need to have someone next to me again. It had been a long time since the break-up and I had been holding out hope things would change, but right then, with Ms. Forks whispering in my ear about my jeans and asking me to buy her a drink, I caved. Jared gave me some space and chatted with some of her friends to kill time. Two hours and another six beers later, she was in my lap and I was getting acquainted with the counters of her lips. I was in the middle of taking a breath and another swig of my drink, when I saw her. She was by Betty's beat-up pool table and openly staring at me. It was the first time in months we actually looked at each other in the eyes without turning away. Even in my drunken haze I could see the shock and disgust in her eyes as she looked at me. We must have only looked at each other for a few minutes, but to me it was enough. I had craved her eyes, her acknowledgement and her attention for months. But the look she was giving me was full of pity and disappointment. It was the look she used to give me when I got too drunk at bon fires and the one she gave me after I got arrested for fighting a few years ago. I hated that look. I hated it even more because she couldn't give it to me anymore. She barely even acknowledged my existence these days. I felt an irrational feeling of pure hate towards her. I wanted to get up and start shouting about how she was being unfair, how she shouldn't even be looking at me, how she should just go find my replacement and stare at him. But instead of drowning my sorrows and anger in more beer, I drowned it in Ms. Forks. Later, Jared would call it my "awakening." He would describe it at as the "most epic exit of exits." I had apparently ordered a round of shots for the group, downed my share, and made out with the girl so freely, we were practically undressing. Jared said I had half of the girl's shirt off before Betty started screeching about decency and ordered us out. We apparently walked out of the place still attached to the lips with half the room giving us applause. I barely remembered getting to my house. The girl must have driven because I was too drunk. The next morning was a blur of pain and vomit. Jared would later say he drove the girl home after stopping by to make sure I was okay. She was too embarrassed to stay until I was fully functional. I couldn't say I blamed her either. My house, although clean, was still covered in pictures and memories of my old relationship. It wasn't exactly something a woman wants to see the morning after she sleeps with a man. I was happy she left before the obligatory awkward morning after talk. I was also happy to discover we had used protection so I was guaranteed to never see her again. I avoided Betty's for weeks after that and grilled Jared repeatedly on what happened after I left the bar but he refused to go into details. He said I was being an idiot. Sam silenced all his criticisms with a glare and offered his place as a drinking spot instead. A month after my drunken rebound, I got plastered again and ripped every single picture off the wall in my house in anger. I began the long process of cleaning out every room of anything she bought, made, or gifted me. I recruited Sam, his finance Leah, her little brother Seth and Jared to