DISCLAIMER : Characters and most cited events are the property of J. K. Rowling. But she's okay with this. ;) A young man entered the small workshop area he improvised out of what once had been a small bedroom. He fastened a broomstick over two adjustable supports to keep it leveled and in place. "Got ourselves a little winded today, huh?" (He knew none of the charms applied to it – most recently, all done by his own wand – could make a broom truly sentient, but habits were habits.) Two nicks to buff along the handle; the frame, slightly bent; and no more than five twigs to set straight. All in all, considering it was from a crash and slip along the left hoop, this was minor damage; his left shoulder, now a little less sore, took the worst of the fall. "And we kept the Quaffle, didn't we?" he asked, massaging the spot that still hurt. Pulling a worn bench closer to the table, he still inspected the broomstick intently. So intently that he only heard the knocking on the door when his own fist stopped applying gentle taps to the metallic rings holding the twigs together. He gave his apartment corridor a quizzical look, positive he wasn't expecting visits; certainly no visit a head shorter than him, black-haired, with kind eyes, pink cheeks and impeccable red lips. And yet, there she was. "Oliver Wood." It wasn't a question. "I know you," he said without thinking. "I mean, yes, I am, but – I do know you, don't I?" Her face betrayed reticence; nevertheless, she seemed pleased to be recognized. "We've met, briefly. You helped mend my wounded leg." "Right, of course. Not long after the battle, near the Grand Staircase." "You've quite the memory." He thought of telling her how some days are simply too monumental to forget. A younger Oliver might have. This Oliver was still learning how easy it was to be misinterpreted. "It comes and goes," he answered modestly. "You'll have to forgive me, but I don't remember –" "– I'm Hestia," she said, a hesitant hand placed over her heart. "Hestia Jones. I didn't expect you to remember me, certainly not my name." He shrugged, smiling. "Taking Bludgers to the head is an occupational hazard of mine, Hestia. You were right to doubt my memory in the first place." He pressed his hand uncomfortably against the door. "So, what can I do for you?" She looked uneasy as well. "A little bit of wisdom, really. I promise I won't take too much of your time." It was only then that Oliver felt the chill come from the corridor. It had been a particularly nasty winter up until now. "Merlin, I'm so sorry, you must be freezing. Would you like to come in?" Hestia didn't want to appear relieved, but failed. "Thank you," she breathed, enjoying the warmth of the apartment as Oliver sealed the winter outside. He indicated the couch and told her to wait as he fixed them something to drink (coffee for him, Clipper for her). "So, wisdom. I'm not sure how much you'll find here," he resumed the conversation, passing her a steaming mug. "Thank you," she smiled. "As for the wisdom part, we have a mutual friend that seems to think you're one of the highest authorities she knows when it comes to broomsticks." He was about to ask which friend was that, but the compliment found a way to keep her anonymous. And his curiosity was somewhere else entirely the second the word "broomstick" was mentioned. "I read the manuals", he jested modestly. "Are you considering buying one?" "Having one appraised, actually." Hestia pulled a wooden case (about the size a chocolate box would be) out of the bag she was holding, and gave it to Oliver. He opened the lid, finding nothing inside. Hestia blinked. "Oh, right! I'm sorry, I forgot to –" she left the sentence unfinished, shaking her head and muttering something to herself. She pulled a wand from her trench coat and tapped the box once; slowly, Oliver could discern the tip of a broom, vertically aligned. He let out an involuntary whistle. "This is a Silver Arrow." She nodded. "It was my father's, and the box came with it – at least that was his story." There was a bittersweet tone to her words; he didn't dare ask why it was no longer his, and for how long. Her father's story, however, Oliver knew to be true – Leonard Jewkes was rumored to have made less than fifty of those. Supposedly, it was quite the ordeal to get the Ministry's approval for the Extension charms on the casings. Wood carefully retrieved it. He could tell it hadn't seen much use in the last few years. Coffee completely forgotten, he continued to examine it, much to Hestia's quiet amusement. She was torn between disguising a cough and admiring Oliver's thorough evaluation. Almost as if he read her thoughts, he turned around. Hestia was still drinking her tea, but her cheeks indicated a smile behind the mug. "I'm sorry – it's just that this is a piece of wizarding flight history. For me, that's just about the same as early Christmas." She laughed. "Don't be. Clearly, I came to the right person." "Well, I'm not sure how much help I can be, Hestia," he said, holding the broom over his knees with reverence. "It's in extraordinary quality for its age; any broom-maker that values their craft will attest the same, and their opinion will be far more meaningful than mine." She set aside the tea. "Well, you said it's in good shape. Is it good enough to cover long distances?" "She should be able to take you wherever you need to go," he said. "What about covering long distances fast?" "... How fast would you need to go?" he asked, officially confused. Hestia's eyes narrowed and she lowered her tone just above a whisper. "Faster than the other people who'll be going in the same direction." Once more, Oliver wished he could read people just a bit better. "Are you planning to win a race or steal something, Hestia?" She offered Oliver a flyer, laughing. "Just the race, really." It was advertisement for Sweden's Annual Broom Race. "Wasn't this year's race a few months ago?" "I'm preparing for next year's. The sooner I start, all the better." "Hestia… as good as this Arrow still is –" "You don't have to tell me, it's an old broom. But I heard the charms can be reinforced to the point where it could match even the finest new models." "Theoretically." "All things begin with a theory, Oliver." Wood looked at the broomstick once more. She wasn't wrong, but the thought instilled more fear in him than possibilities; yes, broom charms could be reinforced and prolonged, but there was always a chance that he could ruin the item entirely (a crime he simply could not consider). It was almost easier for Oliver to make her a new broom from scratch than 'tuning' the work of another (incredibly accomplished in his craft, by the way) wizard. But then he looked back at her, and saw the same youthful enthusiasm in her eyes that he had in his when his family gave him his first Cleansweep so many years ago. "A Silver Arrow to beat the Silver Dragon. Certainly has a nice ring to it." "Beg your pardon?" It was Wood's turn to laugh. "You know the prize to this," he held the flyer up, "is a silver trophy shaped like a Swedish Short-Snout, right? And the course sort of runs through a dragon reserve." She narrowed her eyes; half smirk, none of the menace. "I'm aware." He shrugged, putting the Silver Arrow back in its box. "Well, if dragons aren't enough of a reason for you to give up… what chance would I have to do the same?" That half smirk instantly turned into full-grown smile. "Is that a yes, then?" He nodded in response, failing to suppress a smile of his own. While unexpected, this was not an unwelcome project. "Well, since we have an agreement, what's the current price for putting an old broomstick up to high-end specifications?" she asked. Oliver made a face. "Were you actually talking to a proper broom-maker, and not a Quidditch Keeper with a lot of free time, you'd be on to something. We're not going to talk about gold; I'll have none of it, Hestia. Mainly because you need to understand that there's a risk involved, a botched charm can –" "You won't botch anything, Oliver." "You can't be sure of that." "Perhaps I can," she folded her arms conspiratorially. "I'm actually a very, very powerful Seer." "A Seer," he repeated. "The likes of which this world has never seen," she nodded with no trace of mirth at all in her voice. He wanted to chuckle, but thought best to keep a straight face. "Right. So, all-powerful Seer, you already knew I was going to accept your proposition?" "Of course." "And what about the race? I see almost no point to putting effort, really, considering you already know if you'll win or not." "Ah, young one , there's a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path," she said, pointing a cheeky finger towards him. "You have much to learn." "Young one?" "What? I figure – I mean, I know – that I'm a little older than you. And no, it's not proper of you to ask how old." "As if I needed to be a Seer to know that." "Touché." She smiled, declaring the banter over. Hestia stood up and he mirrored her stance. "All joking aside, Oliver, thank you. You have no idea how much this means to me, really. I reckon I'll leave you to it, then," she added, walking towards the door. "Will you keep me updated of your progress?" "I suppose updates won't be a problem – we'll have to meet quite a bit this next year." "How d'you figure?" Wood smirked. "Suppose those Seer's powers need recharging." He indicated the box he still held with the care he'd spare a baby. "This was your father's broom, yes?" She nodded calmly. "You're about to attempt – I'm sorry, win (he laughed; she rolled her eyes) – a race of roughly 700 kilometers through dragon territory. You'll need this Silver Arrow to be an extension of yourself. I need to know how you fly in order to best adapt it to you." "And you're not a broom-maker, you say," she said, grinning as he opened the door for her, shrugging. "Whatever you do, do it well." There was that smile again. "I like that." Oliver tapped his own forehead. "Plenty of wisdom to go around. Don't worry, Seer, I'll walk you through it." "I'm sure you will," she scoffed. "When will that be, by the way?" "Next Friday?" he offered. "I'll be free all day." "Next Friday." Hestia nodded, beaming. "Until then." Oliver pointed the chopsticks towards his plate, chewing the crispy beef and broccoli in delight. "This is fantastic, by the way." "Thank you! Dinner's the least I can do, since you won't accept any payment. I don't suppose you changed your mind about that." "Not really." Hestia shook her head, smiling. Chinese cuisine was one of her – few, she assured – addictions, and with said addiction came the necessity to cook it herself. That, or spend her entire savings and future earnings to make sure her favourite takeout restaurant's owners would put their children through school; their grandchildren, too. It had been a lovely afternoon; she had suggested earlier that week that they should find a secluded field where Hestia could take the old Silver Arrow for a spin and Oliver could make any observations he required. Oliver, in turn, made arrangements to use Puddlemere's training grounds. And observe he did. Hestia had the