The Introduction of a New Custom Disclaimer: Sadly, nothing in here belongs to me. I just borrowed the characters from the unbelievable J.R.R. Tolkien. This is the Mother's Day present for my mum which I wrote down fairly quickly, as I'd forgotten about Mother's Day completely. It's also my first Lord of the Rings story, so please be gentle. On a sidenote: I know that Hobbits don't appear in the records until much later in the Third Age and that the Prancing Pony definitly didn't exist, but I needed both for the story (also because I couldn't think of another name for an inn). So please bear with me there. Imladris, 239 Third Age It was a beautiful day in May, the flowers stood in full bloom and a sweet scent wafted all over the peaceful valley of Rivendell. Elladan and Elrohir had just returned from their first journey outside the borders of their home and were still very excited about all the strange and new things they had experienced. At 109 years of age, they thought themselves quite grown up and were very proud that their father had allowed them to explore the lands that lay west of Imladris. They had come so far as Bree, right at the borders of the Shire and it was there that the twins had had their first encounter with Hobbits and had heard of a custom quite unfamiliar to them. It had been a rainy evening and Elladan and Elrohir had been sitting in the Prancing Pony, the newly opened inn in Bree, eating their dinner and being still somewhat curious about the Little Folk. Suddenly, two Hobbit girls had come up to their table and asked if they could join them. Those two, by the names of Lily and Daisy Took, proceeded to tell them that they had never seen elves before and if they probably could ask some questions? The conversation that ensued had been a very merry one and each had learned a lot about the other, but after perhaps two hours Lily and Daisy said that they had to leave now, "Because we still have to prepare our presents for Mother's Day." Elladan and Elrohir had been quite confused by this, as they had never heard about such a day, and the two Hobbits had quickly explained to them that it was a special day in the Shire, celebrated once every year in May, where the mothers were honoured and thanked for all the hard work they did for their families. There were presents given to the mothers and they were served the whole day. As Daisy put it, "You know, we're thankful the whole year through and tell them so very often, but we think there needs to be a special day that's reserved just for the mother." And now, being back at Imladris, the twins were still thinking about this custom. While bringing their horses to the stables, they talked about it again. "Why don't have we elves something like this, Dan? Are our mothers working less?" Elladan, who was the more quiet and scholary of the two, took his time in answering. "No, I don't think it's that. Perhaps it's ... well, we're living a lot longer than Hobbits and we don't think in years like they do." But Elrohir wasn't content with that. "Still, I think it's a very good thing to honour your mother. We should do it as well. Don't you think we should introduce this custom to Imladris?" Elladan had already been thinking along the same lines, as was often the case with his twin. Their minds were very much alike, they often knew what the other was thinking and could even finish each others sentences. "I do think that's a very good idea, Ro. So, let's declare that tomorrow is Mother's Day." Elrohir clapped his hands, that was exactly what he had wanted. "Great! Now we just have to figure out what to give Mother tomorrow." But that was easier said than done and for the next hour they sat on the front porch, contemplating what would be a suitable gift for their beloved mother. "What about flowers? I saw quite beautiful ones at the west end of the valley." Elrohir really couldn't think of anything else and because this was the first somewhat reasonable idea, they set out to collect the prettiest flowers they could find. At length they came to the western end and there were really some very nice flowers. The only problem was, that they grew on top of quite a high cliff and that you first had to climb up to reach them. Elrohir, feeling a bit reckless that day, volunteered to do the task and began to make his way up to the ledge where the pretty red and gold flowers stood. He made it up safely, but just as he was about to pluck out the first flower, it happened. A bee, which had been quite contently gathering pollen for its honey, was suddenly roused by an enormous shaking and interrupted in its work. Now being very angry, it flew out of the flower and stung the first thing it came in contact with. Which just happened to be Elrohir's nose. He gave a great shriek, stumbled backwards, toppled off the ledge and landed – unfortunately – on his behind, in a bush full of thorns. For a moment he just sat there, stunned, rubbing his slowly swelling nose. Then he quickly got out of the bush and started picking thorns out of his bottom. At that Elladan couldn't contain it any longer and burst out laughing loudly. Elrohir, understandably, didn't think the whole ordeal very funny and just grumbled. "I want to see you, when you're stung by a bee out of the blue, and then fall down into a plant which just exists to torment you." Elladan then stopped his laughing, but he couldn't help still giggling a bit and he had to wipe his eyes, which had filled with tears of mirth. "Sorry, Ro, but you should have seen your face! Hilarious! I take it that we forget about the flowers now?" Elrohir couldn't agree more. "Quite right. I've never liked flowers anyway, and... I mean, Mother has enough flowers in the gardens." So they returned to the house, still none the wiser concerning their present. During their venture to the far end of the valley, afternoon had turned to evening and the first stars were twinkling in the slowly darkening sky. Both of them were now fairly subdued. "Whatever are we going to do, Dan? It's almost night, and we wanted to give it to her tomorrow!" "Stop whining, Elrohir! I don't know. We have to think about what she likes." So, after telling their parents that they were very tired and intended to go to bed immediately, they retreated to their room to discuss further options. "You know, I just remember something. Some weeks ago I overheard her telling Father that she really dislikes the wall paintings in this one room. Now, if I could just remember what room it was..." Elrohir furrowed his brow in thought. "Ro, that's a fantastic idea! If you can think of the room, then we can go there and do some new paintings on the walls!" After some long moments Elrohir sprang up. "Come! I know now. It's that room in the east wing, where Father keeps all those age-old artefacts." Silently, because they didn't want anyone to see them, they first made their way to the store room, where they got brushes and some paint, and then crept to a far away room in the east wing. Arriving there, they lighted some candles and took a look around. On a stand, there lay an old, broken sword, in a glass case they could see a long, gem-encrusted spear and in a corner there stood a big, ornate bowl, made out of what seemed to be very delicate and shining blue glass. "The paintings are really hideous, Dan! Let's start right away." The pictures on the wall seemed to show some kind of battle, but in the minds of the twins it was not very artistically done. So they began to first cover the walls with a layer of paint and because they knew their mother liked this particular colour – she had a dress in it – the room was soon a bright, vivid pink. "I think that already looks quite good. Now we have to draw something on it." And because they thought that green went along rather well with pink, they started drawing all sorts of things – flowers, animals and anything they could think of out of their everyday lives – on the walls. But then, just as Elladan was finishing a bird with a flourish, there was huge crash and the delicate blue bowl was lying in pieces on the ground. Elladan had knocked it clear of its stand. They looked at each other, eyes wide with fear. Elrohir was the first to speak. "By the Valar! Now we're in for it! I bet that bowl was mightily valuable! What are we going to do? Father will kill us! We'll be in the Halls of Mandos by tomorrow morning!" He started breathing very fast and Elladan feared he would faint any moment. "Calm down, Ro! We... we have to hide it. Father rarely comes to this room and we'll just have to think about another present for mother! We simply don't tell them that we were here and painted the walls. Now, where can we hide those shards...?" By now he was pacing up and down, trying to think of the remotest room in the house. "I know! We bring them into this room in the cellar. The one that's all damp and dingy. No one goes there ever!" But as he said those words, Elrohir became deathly white, a lot paler than he already was. "Oh no!" And he sat down with a thud. "What's the matter?", Elladan asked uneasily. "I just ... I just went over the conversation between Mother and Father again and ... well ... I think I might have ... ah... misinterpreted something..." "What do you mean?" "Well, you see, Dan, I was quite a bit away when they were talking and I couldn't hear everything clearly. And now, as you said that with the room in the cellar... I seem to remember that she said something about 'compairing the room to the dungeons of Mirkwood Palace'. At the time I was sure she said painting and something about a sword, but ... she could've meant that room in the cellar..." Elladan stumbled a few steps backwards. "What? You mean, she didn't dislike the paintings in this room? And now we've not only broken a very precious bowl, but we've also ruined something seemingly important? Do you know what battle it was showing?" He asked all this very fast and with growing horror. "I don't know which battle it was. I think there were elves and men in it. I didn't care! And yes, that's what I wanted to say." Elladan slumped against a table. "Ro, I swear, if you weren't my brother... Oh well, we have to act quick now. I just know what we have to do." With that he knelt down, scooped up the pieces of the broken bowl and put them in a small pouch he had found in a drawer. Then he went to the door, grabbed the key which was hanging on a little hook beside it and motioned for Elrohir to follow him. Once outside Elladan locked the door and they then made their way down to the cellars. "We just hide the key together with the shards. When Father wants to go in and finds the door locked, he won't bother searching for it. I mean, the rooms really not that important at all,