Sorrows in Battalions by Lirulin Disclaimer: Nothing in here is mine. Everything belongs to the great J.R.R.Tolkien. Not even the title is from me. It is from "Hamlet" and the whole quote is, "When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions." I thought it fit Gilraen really well. I somehow started thinking about Gilraen and about the fact, that you don't get to know all that much about her. I wondered what her thoughts and feelings would be and how she might have reacted to Arathorn's death and so I wrote a story from her point of view. Imladris, Gwaeron , Third Age 2944 I can barely believe that eleven years have already gone by. When I was young – so, really not all that long ago – time could not pass swiftly enough or sometimes seemed to stop, especially when I was willing it to go faster. The long wait before I finally reached my majority and then, a short while later, even counting the hours until I was finally wed to Arathorn. But now, everything is different. The days blur into each other, they are all the same and no longer hold any special significance to me. Sometimes I do not even know which day of the week it is. I know it is wrong to think like that, to be this indifferent, but somehow I cannot bring myself to care. I have lost the center of my life and with him the will to live, and I do not think there is anything I can do to recover it. Even with my son being still here with me, I always have to make such a huge effort. I know that I am hurting him so much and it breaks my heart as well, but I cannot help it. It got a bit better over the long years, but I can still barely go to the Hall of Fire, prefering the solitude of my rooms; my thoughts wander a lot and I still have difficulties following a longer conversation. Sometimes I detest these changes that took place in me. Arathorn always said I was a strong woman and could cope with everything. He was wrong. Were I an elf, I would say I am fading, but this priviledge is not for me. I cannot sail west and forget all the pain and grief and heartache. I have to live on, because I could never take my own life and could never leave my son, even though our relationship is nearly broken. My pride is still as strong as it once was. My thoughts start running in circles again and I seek something to distract them. I gaze out of the window over the peaceful valley still covered with a layer of thick snow. It has brought no peace to my troubled soul. I can now see Aragorn emerging from the woods, accompanied by Elladan and Elrohir. I believe they showed him how to find and identify different tracks in the snow. He has grown up so fast. I did not notice it most of the time and now he is already a young man. I feel very guilty for neglecting him throughout the last years. I know that he would have needed me, but I felt like being incased in glass, lost in my own world, without connection to those around me. I still feel like that. I hope Lord Elrond has been able to give my son all the love he should have gotten from me. A shout drifts up to my ears. "Estel! You wait till I get my hands on you!" I am still not used to the name Lord Elrond gave him, though I am glad he does not yet know about his heritage. Estel – hope. For me, the name has an almost bitter taste. I do not think there is any hope left for me. I feel like an old woman, with nothing left to live or to fight for, though I am barely 36 years old – no age for a woman of my race ... As I watch him down there, talking animatedly with his foster brothers, laughing, I cannot help thinking back to this terrible time eleven years ago. The older Aragorn gets, the more he becomes like his father. Not just in looks, but in manners as well. Sometimes it is like seeing Arathorn again, and then I always have to take my leave because it still brings tears to my eyes. I remember it, as if it happened only yesterday ... -Flashback- Narwain , Third Age 2933 It had been a cold winter thus far, with an early snowfall in the middle of October. And now, towards the end of January, everyone was feeling nervous and agitated. The men were especially restless, because some heavy snowstorms had forced them to stay indoors for nigh on four weeks. It was one of the first sunny days after our week-long confinement and I was just donning another jacket. It was still very windy, the breezes bitingly cold, but it looked so beautiful outside, everything coated in white and the sun glittering on the freshly fallen snow. I wanted to take Aragorn out for a little bit, because it was the first winter he witnessed consciously and he simply loved the snow. Arathorn had agreed to accompany us, though I knew he would much rather do something with his men. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Arathorn went to answer it and I could hear a voice talking rapidly and excitedly. My husband said something in return, but I could not understand a word. But only moments later, Arathorn entered the room again, with this glint in his eyes he always got when he was about to "go into the wild" once more. "Gilraen, I have to leave immediately. The sons of Elrond have just arrived, bearing news of a band of orcs up in the Ettenmoors. I will meet with them and then we will depart with a small party to hunt the foul beasts down." I should have known it. The winter had been long and hard and was bound to have driven all manner of fell creatures out of their hiding places. I could understand that Arathorn was eager for some action after weeks of being idle, but somehow, as he grabbed his thick cloak and fastened his sword to his belt, a feeling of cold dread crept over me. I had to move over to him and lay a hand on his arm, to assure myself that he was still there. "Arathorn, please promise me that you will be careful!" He looked at me, confusion clearly written in his face. "It is only a small band of orcs. We will be facing no trouble at all. You know that we have much experience in fighting those things, so you do not have to worry, my Love." Of course I knew that they were all seasoned warriors, and with the sons of Lord Elrond present, there was even less to fear, but I could not help this strange feeling taking even stronger hold. Alas, I was then distracted by Aragorn, who had to have noticed the sudden tension in the room and began wailing loudly. I comforted him and was thus unable to caution Arathorn again or to dwell on the feeling any longer. And much too soon he was packed and ready to leave. "Do not worry, Gilraen. This is something we have done hundreds of times. I do not think it will take us longer than one week and a half at most." He ruffled Aragorn's hair, kissed me once and then left the house. Aragorn was watching the now closed door with big eyes. "Where Ada going?" How could I explain to my barely two-year-old son that his father was out to kill? Sure, the orcs were one of our worst enemies, but it was killing nonetheless ... "Ada ... Ada is going away for a while, with his friends. You know how we could not leave the house for so long and now they ... they have to stretch their legs for a bit and see if everything is still in order." I knew it was a poor explanation, but I could not think of anything better. To my relief, understanding flitted over his features. "Like we going out? Playing in snow?" I thought it best for him to believe that his father was just playing in the snow. He would learn the harsh truth soon enough. And anyway, Arathorn would be back very soon, right? So I just nodded. "Yes, something like that, darling. And now let us get out. If you want to, we can try to build a snow-elf." With a little shout of joy Aragorn raced out into the dazzling whiteness, I following at a slower pace, trying to ignore the now growing feeling of uneasiness. 888 The week passed by so dreadfully slow. Each day seemed to drag on forever and even Aragorn, who was demanding a lot of my attention, always searching for new ways to use snow – now his favourite toy – could not distract me from this sudden restlessness. If I had been able to, I would have followed Arathorn. The house seemed so empty which I would never have thought possible with a little child filling the rooms with laughter and shouting. But this was how I felt and I could not understand why. A darkness seemed to have taken hold of my heart, I was listening to every footstep passing by our door, could not concentrate on the simplest of tasks. It is a wonder I was able to care properly for my son. Then came one day, exactly a week after Arathorn had left. I woke up in the early hours of the morning with a terrible feeling of panic nearly overwhelming me. I could not fathom what was wrong with me, everything was normal. Then came the thought that a bit of my ancestor's foresight could have awoken in me and that perhaps the village was in danger of attack. I was wary throughout the whole day, but nothing out of the ordinary occured, no alarm was raised, nothing. But still the feeling intensified as the afternoon wore on. I was just preparing dinner, when suddenly an icy-cold hand seemed to clasp around my heart and squeeze it. For a moment I could not breathe and had to steady myself on the counter lest I fall over. I had to have cried out as well because Aragorn appeared beside me, looking at me with fearful eyes. "Nana! What wrong?" The feeling diminished slowly and I managed a strained smile. "It is nothing, darling. I was just startled by ... by a spider. Go play again for a bit, we will soon have dinner." After he had left the kitchen to play in the next room, I had to sit down for a moment, breathing heavily. I did not understand what had just happened, had never experienced anything like it before. It had passed, but there was still this coldness in my heart. It is strange, but never once did my thoughts then stray to Arathorn. Perhaps I had unconsciously forbidden them to wander down this path, not daring to connect these ominous feelings to my beloved husband. Perhaps it was a desperate attempt to protect my soul as long as possible ... Come next morning, I had almost convinced myself that my bout of hysteria – as I now called it – had resulted from the winter and from being cooped up in the house for too long. I tried to not think about it again, instead focusing my mind on preparing everything for Arathorn's return. I was expecting him every day now and I wanted to clean the house, and probably decorate it a