She still remembered the first time he undressed in front of her. They'd been sleeping in the same bed for a while now, though it had taken them months after he'd gotten back from the Capitol. They'd been distant with each other at first, until she woke one morning with an itch to hunt. Since planting the primroses out front they hadn't had much contact, but every morning since then, there was a loaf of bread waiting for her on the table. She went out into the woods and caught as much game as she could to fill her bag, came home and kept some game for her, Sae, and Haymitch and put the rest of it on Peeta's doorstep. She hadn't knocked. She knew once he found it he'd find his way to her, or he wouldn't. He had found her the same day, coming over for dinner. A few months after that, between creating the book, flashbacks, and nightmares, she eventually invited him to stay the night. He hadn't even hesitated. He was still Peeta. But this particular night, she had gone to bed earlier than him. She never really slept without him. Not since he'd started staying with her. She could rest but she needed his arms, the rise and fall of his chest, his soft snores in order to fully fall asleep. She'd have to be extremely tired to fall asleep without him. She'd heard him as he came up the stairs. He tried so hard to be quiet, but he wasn't very good at it. And even if he had been quiet, the door squeaking open would have woken her up, or the soft creak of the old wood floor as he made his way to the dresser and then his side of the bed. He grabbed his nightclothes and turned around, smiling softly at the way her side of the bed was completely untouched. She slept on his side when he wasn't in bed, even moving to his side when he got up to head to the bakery. She left a corner of the cover of the bed upturned, her way of welcoming him here. He went over to his side and sat down his clothes. She knew she shouldn't peak. He had always been so respectful of her purity, even if she didn't feel the way she used to. She had never told him that, though, so every time they went to bed together, she excused herself to the bathroom, undressing and redressing slowly to always give Peeta enough time to change. But tonight her curiosity got the best of her. She peaked out at him through heavily lidded eyelashes, making sure she barely opened her eyes. She thought she gave herself away when her breath caught in her throat when he pulled his shirt over his head, exposing those broad shoulders and his square chest. She could just make out the patches of burned skin along his arm and chest. He was muscular but lean, and she found herself appreciating the faint six-pack forming on his stomach due to all his hard labor rebuilding the town during the day. She blushed scarlet when her gaze dropped to his pants. He was fiddling with his belt buckle and her heartbeat sped up. She wondered if he could hear it in the silence and stillness of the night. She was tempted to give herself away and throw the covers off of her. Did he not know the effect he had on her? Of course not , she chided herself. He thinks you're asleep . Thankfully a soft breeze blew into the bedroom at that moment, rustling the ivory linen curtains. Katniss welcomed the coolness against her face as her cheeks heated up. He pushed his pants down past his waist and Katniss bit her inner cheek to stop herself from moaning. She wasn't sure what was happening to her. It wasn't the first time she'd thought about Peeta in that way. She still remembered the beach. Vividly. Like it was yesterday. But this was the first time she'd felt something similar. It wasn't as strong as that day on the beach, but she recognized the tightening in her stomach. She forced her eyes shut when she started wishing he'd take his boxers off. They weren't ready for that yet. She heard him rustling around and knew he was putting his tank top on, and a few moments later, after putting on a pair of shorts, she felt him slide into bed next to her. He wrapped his arms around her, gently pushing her closer to her side so that he could have room on his. Then he curled into her, breathing deeply. She smiled into the night; this was always her favorite part: when they were side by side, and he was holding her. Now sleep would come. Before she drifted off, though, Peeta's breath was on her ear. "Enjoy the show?" he asked. She flushed, even as her fingers interlocked with his. XxXxXxXx She still remembered the first time he allowed her to comfort him after a flashback. He'd been back a year, and they had grown quite close. The book was almost finished and Haymitch had just bought his geese—the damn stupid things. Haymitch said it was because they'd help keep him distracted until the next train came, but she suspected that maybe he was trying to wing himself off of his spirits. He came over a lot now, but he was never as drunk as he used to be. One time he even made dinner. It wasn't terrible. She spent most of her time at Peeta's now. After she had had a breakdown a few months ago because she realized how many memories her house held, Peeta suggested that they move to his place. She'd been relieved, because his place held so much more warmth, and not nearly as many bad memories. And they were finally in a master's suite. Katniss had always kept her old room, even though her mother was in 4 now. He had helped her pack up, and maybe in retrospect it had been her fault. She took one last sweeping room of her house once they were finished, her eyes lingering on the table Gale had laid on. She wasn't thinking of him per say, but more so Prim and how much she'd grown. But Peeta had seen her. He hadn't said anything, and neither had she, but she was putting her clothes in the closet when she heard glass breaking downstairs. She rushed to the kitchen, fearing the worst, and sure enough, he was gone. Normally he asked her to leave. In fact it was one of their conditions about being together—if that's what you'd call them. They never talked about the soft kisses or the trailing fingers, or the way they talked about going or coming "home." He had dropped her kitchen supplies. She hadn't needed to bring a lot of kitchen utensils with her, but she was particularly fond of the wine glasses Haymitch had gotten as a "gift," even if he got more use out of them than she did. Those were gone now. She could tell he had just tied himself up. His eyes were in and out of focus, but heading towards glassy. "Peeta," she said softly, standing in front of him. "Go, Katniss," pleaded Peeta, and she thought about it, for a moment, until she remembered that they were living together now. Could she run every time he told her to? Dr. Aurelius said that he could control his flashbacks, so he'd never actually kill her. Hurt her, maybe. For the past few weeks Dr. Aurelius had been trying to explain to her how she should deal with the flashbacks now that she was spending so much time with him—and actually returning his calls. "I'm not leaving you," she finally tells him, and she knelt down in front of him. "It's not real. Whatever it is, it's not real." "Gale," rasped out Peeta. "You loved him." Katniss froze for a moment, her body stiffening. She had the mind to run, run to her closet, because maybe she'd been too forward for this. "Go ahead and run, Mutt. It wouldn't surprise me. Running is what you do best. But you won't always elude capture. I'll find you. I'll find you and I'll kill you." His voice was so cold but she straightened her back and looked him in the eye. "Not real." She lost track of how long he was out of it, but she sat at his feet, holding his tied up hands, her head resting against the seat, until he finally snapped out of it. "Katniss?" said Peeta hoarsely, and Katniss jerked up. "Real," she said, grasping his face in her hands. "Katniss. Why are you here?" "Because I live here," responded Katniss as she started to untie his hands. "I could have hurt you!" "Tied up to a chair?" Katniss smirked. "Jesuse, Katniss, it's not funny!" Katniss didn't answer. She just wrapped him into a hug, holding him tighter as he tried to pull away. "I could have hurt you. Got damn it, Katniss, you were supposed to leave." When he finally broke down she led him upstairs to his— their —bedroom. They lied on the bed, his head on her chest, and she soothed him by running her fingers through his hair and singing the Valley Song softly. XxXxXxXx She remembered the first time she told him that she loved him. Not the time after that hunger had fully returned, and she finally succumbed to it. When he had kissed away her nightmares and she had clung to him like a lifeline. When he'd kissed away her tears, as if he himself hadn't had a flashback but a few minutes before bed. She had comforted him until they'd fallen asleep, but then she dreamt of flames and Prim with Finnick's eyes. She'd gulped for air, relishing in his kisses, taking from him, as she always did, and her hands were all over him, followed closely by her lips and he didn't seem all that surprised, because they'd been touching each other for months , ever since that time she'd walked in on him touching himself. She'd known people did it…. I mean she was a regular girl once, before the Games, and she had overheard her peers talking about it in the bathroom in school. But she had never done it, even if she'd thought about it over the past few months, especially when she started to consistently feel him against her, hard and long. She'd been experiencing that ever since that night he caught her undressing. So when she walked into the bathroom to find him stroking himself, she stood there for several moments, too shocked to move. And instead of being embarrassed, she was curious. So she asked to watch. She'd been intrigued, so later that night she asked him if she could touch him. He came in her hand a few moments later. After that, things started to speed up. Hands started going places they never had before, and eventually lips. They never went all the way, though when his tongue made its way to her center she realized there wouldn't too much more time before he replaced his tongue. When that moment finally came, he had thought that she was rushing it, that she was too emotional to think clearly, until she told him that she knew this was going to happen, and she'd wanted it to be now. "Are you sure?" he asked her one last time, his eyes dark, his voice low, and she answered him by shoving her tongue down his throat. He moaned, igniting a flame in her lower stomach. She loved that sound, just as much as she loved the way he whispered her name when he was close to cumming. They were all over each other