Of course I'm not Suzanne Collins. I'd much rather be JK Rowling since Harry Potter is WAY more happily ever after than Hunger Games ever was. When he walked into the kitchen she turned around with surprise—and warmth—flickering into those platinum colored orbs. He couldn't believe after everything they'd been through together that his stomach still swooped with pleasant butterflies when her eyes met his. "Hey," she said, wiping the blood from the game on a towel. She also greeted him with a smile, and that always made his heart stop, that smile of hers, because she wasn't one to smile often. Her olive-skinned, slightly freckled face held a permanent scowl, and life was funny as shit, because despite everything, she still smiled for him. It had taken some time for her to smile again, and it was with nothing but relief that that smile didn't make him think of her as nothing more than a murdering mutt. "You're home early." Home , he thought at her words. "Or… here early. Home… here…." She shrugged, and he marveled at the way she could read him now. "Whatever." A faint blush crept into her cheeks, making her look even prettier, and right when he thought she could never look more beautiful, she caught him by surprise. "I am home early," Peeta replied, emphasizing that yes, this was home. Their home, though technically it was her house in Victor's Village they stayed in. But it'd been his home for the past six months, ever since that stormy night rattled the windows and he ran to her house, because he knew how the thunder reminded her of the sound of bombs. It was the first time since he'd been back that he'd allowed himself to really comfort her, and since that night they'd been inseparable, give or take a few flashbacks. She gave him his space after a flashback, at his request, but never for more than a night. When she took to sneaking into his bedroom and climbing in next to him he realized he couldn't escape her. And when he woke up, his arms around her waist instead of her neck, he realized that maybe he wasn't as dangerous as he used to be. Still, it took time, but they were in an okay place now. So yes, this was home. "What's that?" asked Katniss, forcing Peeta out of his thoughts. He looked down at the package and met her grey eyes again. "Delly came by the bakery. She found this while she was unpacking and dropped it off." "What is it?" "My portfolio. I gave it to her before the Quarter Quell. She had it in 13 with her but she was advised not to give it to me, because nobody knew how I'd react to seeing all the pictures. Now that she's back from 13 and I'm back from the Capitol, she figured it was okay. I haven't looked through them yet. I thought we could go through the pictures… together." Her eyebrows shot up in astonishment but she quickly composed herself. She smiled. "I'd love to. Let me just finish this up, okay?" "Sure. I'll go shower some of this flour off of me. I know it gets everywhere." "Yah, it does," she said with a soft laugh, and then she walked up to him, brushing her fingers through his hair. Sure enough, a few flecks of flour fell onto his shoulder. "But it's okay. I don't mind. It's just a part of you." He could feel the tips of his ears turning red and had to remind himself to breathe. He's only been back a little over a year, and they've shared a few kisses in the past few months, but nothing serious. He didn't want to put too much pressure on her. The last thing he wanted was for Katniss to go back into her shell, and running from him and into closets. He got enough of that while they worked on the book. They kissed in their bedroom, and that was it, and normally only in her hair or on her forehead, before bed, during a nightmare, and before he left to the bakery. Kissing her now, in the middle of the day, would be too much for her, no matter how tempting. That didn't mean they couldn't cut the sexual tension with a knife. It didn't take long for their sleeping arrangement to start affecting him. It didn't take long for her body to melt into his, like it used to do on those nights on the Victory Tour. It became natural for his arms to wrap around her waist, or caress her arm. And then there were those mornings he woke up to her chest pressed into his, her legs in between his own. He had started touching himself a few weeks ago for the first time since God knows when…. She never said anything about the hardness pressed against her, and she'd have to be dead not to feel it, and though she wasn't how she used to be, Katniss Everdeen was anything but dead. At least not anymore. He'd made sure of that. Her tapping out of the present for days a time were fewer and farer between. She was getting better, but Peeta still made sure that he did his best to be patient with Katniss. They were growing into a routine. That's what Dr. Aurelius said they had to do. He couldn't mess up the routine by kissing her now, in the daylight, in the middle of the kitchen, because he wasn't sure what he'd do after he opened that can of worms. So even as her silver eyes left his blue ones and lingered on his lips, he cleared his throat and stepped back, letting out a harsh breath he hadn't even known he'd been holding. "I won't be gone long," Peeta said, turning and heading upstairs. "Okay," breathed Katniss softly, and she went back to finishing her game. XxXxXx When he came back downstairs with his portfolio in his hand Katniss was waiting for him in the living room. There were two cups of steaming tea on the table, and he smiled. He sat down next to her, trying not to pay too close attention to the fact that she had changed and her hair was wet. She must have cleaned up in one of the downstairs bathrooms after she had finished cleaning the squirrel. "You ready?" asked Peeta. "Are you?" Katniss asked, looking at him, and he understood her concern. Who knew what they would find in this book. Would it set him back? It couldn't do more harm than the book they were making about the Games, so he nodded and opened it to the first page. It was a picture of his dad. Well shit. Peeta closed his eyes and then snapped them back open when he felt a warm, calloused hand enclose his. He stared at Katniss and she offered him a small smile. "You okay?" "I…" Peeta shook his head. "I wish I had drawn this in color," he said softly. "You share the same eyes," said Katniss quietly. "It used to be hard to trade with him because it was like looking at you. You have his piercing gaze, and smile. And his innate kindness. Your father was sweet. He was a good man." "I know…." He smiled at her, squeezing her hand, and then turned the page. "You drew Delly a lot," commented Katniss after they'd passed several pages, and Peeta had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing. "She was like a sister I never had," was his response, and he tried to say it as casually as he could. Katniss didn't respond, but she did shift closer to him after that. He forced himself not to smile. They went through the book, nearly halfway done, when they got to a picture that made Katniss stiffen at his side and take in a sharp breath. "Wow," Peeta said. "I forgot all about this." "Why did you draw this?" He glanced at her and she had a scowl on her face. "You don't like it?" "Like it?" She snatched the portfolio out of his hand. "Why would I like this?" Peeta glanced at the picture of Katniss, her hand clutched in Gale's hand as she rested her head on his arm. They were both asleep, him on top of the table, her on a chair, her signature braid falling next to her. "Do you remember why you drew this?" Peeta gulped. "Yes." "Why? Why did you draw this Peeta?" "It was the day you made your decision, Katniss. Did you think I didn't know? The minute Gale was whipped you chose him. I remember that day perfectly. I walked in your house and saw that scene and time itself froze. That's how I was able to remember all the details. See the medicine in the background? I saw it all. I saw everything. But most importantly I saw a girl who had finally realized she loved her best friend." She didn't respond. Peeta gently took the portfolio back and placed it on his lap. "This picture was supposed to help me get over you. It was supposed to be a reminder." "Did it work?" "Hell no," said Peeta with a smile, and he saw her visibly relax. "Do you miss him?" "You're asking me if I miss the man who's bomb blew up my sister?" Katniss' voice was cold. "No. I'm asking you if you miss your best friend, the man you took a whipping for." Katniss scowled again. "That man died along with the rest of District 12." "Katniss—" "I don't wanna talk about this, Peeta. Why do you always bring him up?" "Because I'd like to know I'm not your second choice, Katniss!" The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them, and the anger darkened her eyes to black. "I didn't mean that," Peeta said. "Yes you did. And I can't blame you for wondering." Katniss took a deep breath and stared at her hands. She tried several times to speak, but nothing came out. Finally she spoke. "I'm sorry. I suck at this. I don't know how to express myself like you do." "It's okay. I shouldn't have said anything." He was just relieved she wasn't yelling at him or running to her closet. "No. You deserve to know." She took another shaky breath. "When you were taken, Peeta, everything kind of came crashing down. You heard Haymitch's story. We didn't talk for weeks. I was so mad at him for choosing me. The minute I made a pact with Haymitch to keep you alive in the Quarter Quell, I had chosen you. I don't know what else to say other than that. I just knew…. My life isn't worth more than yours. It wasn't then, and it isn't now." "Katniss." "You asked me, Peeta, so I told you. Live with it." "So you're here because you owe me?" Katniss glared at Peeta and stood up. "Dr. Aurelius should have never let you come back if you're still so confused," she said coolly, and started to walk off. Peeta grabbed her hand before she could leave. "Don't, Katniss. You've spent enough of your life running from me. I don't want to fight. Let's just continue to go through the sketches, okay?" Katniss continued to glare at him for a few more moments before sighing and sitting back down on the couch. He continued flipping through the pages. And then he flipped the page again. "Madge," whispered Katniss so softly that Peeta hardly heard her. "Oh my God." Katniss' fingers fluttered over the page, caressing her friend. It was just a headshot, but it was a detailed sketch of her smiling. Katniss turned the page and Peeta closed his eyes the minute he remembered this picture. Well hell. He braced