I wrote this because for some unknown, strange reason, I'm starting to ship Effie and Haymitch. It genuinely came out of the blue. I'm writing another story, Rise From the Ashes, and while writing that one, Haymitch and Effie started speaking to me. For those of you waiting on an update from Rise From the Ashes, you may get an update today. I haven't decided yet ( :) ). I do hope you all enjoy this! Please Review, Reviews make my life! Sincerely yours, -thamockingjayandPeeta The first time he sees her without makeup her beauty shocks him. It was so unexpected that he stood there, openly gaping, mouth wide open, eyes round as saucers. "Why don't you ever let your guard down?" he had asked her, not ten minutes ago. Sleep was not his friend that night, and without the alcohol, he knew he wouldn't be able to escape the nightmares anyway, so he might as well get up and watch the Quarter Quell. He had found her in the living room, the lights off, standing and facing the TV, its volume low. And her wig had been off. She'd gasped and attempted to cover herself, as if she were naked, and he guessed in a sense, she was. He had grabbed her arms, not roughly, but tightly, forcing them to her sides. "I know it hardly seems fair," she had responded in her cool, clipped, Capitol accent, "that I've seen you at your worst, and you've never seen me that way, but it's just not proper , Haymitch." "Oh, I've see you at your worst, Princess," he had told her. "You pick the names. You schedule them to their death in your tall stilettos, over-the-top outfits, and overly done makeup. In twenty years I've definitely seen you at your worst. I want to see you at your best. Unguarded. No wig. No makeup. Nude. Stripped." He hadn't meant for it to come out so sensual, but somehow that's how it came out. Those words made him let go of her arms, suddenly all too aware of how close they were. She had stared at him, speechless, for once in her life. "Have you ever seen anybody in the Capitol without makeup, or a wig, or heels?" "You being here, with me during all of this, is proof that you're not their puppet, Effie." She had bristled at that. He knew the word puppet always struck a nerve with her. "Why do you want to see me like that so badly?" asked Effie quietly. "Because I get the feeling the Effie underneath all of the makeup is the same Effie who is an important part of this Rebellion." "That Effie, this Effie, they're both the same person." "Not true," he had argued. "The Effie who showed up twenty years ago, fresh from her modeling days, was excited to be an Escort. You took pride in reading off the names of the Tributes who'd be dead before the first night. That Effie didn't cry herself to sleep." He had added that last part softly. Her eyes widened, and then her face flushed. "There's nothing to be embarrassed about." She turned away from him but didn't leave the room. She just needed to move, escape from his penetrating gaze. "What do you want from me?" He couldn't say that he was intrigued, curious. In twenty years he'd never genuinely been curious. Hell, he can't even say he cared . In twenty years he had never been sober enough to wonder whom Effie Trinket was, because with each sound of the canon every year, usually one of his Tribute's faces in the sky, it was just easier to drink than to try and figure her out. But that was before the boy, and the Mockingjay. That was before they had a pair of fighters on their hands. He had seen a different Effie, and it had startled him. He had been blindsided, and had wondered, for the first time ever, if there was more to her. Because even when he'd heard her crying years ago, he'd convinced himself it was only because the death of their Tributes meant that she'd never move to a better District, which everybody knew was her life's ambition. "I want to see you, Effie," was all he had said to answer her question. "You see me every day." "I saw what you let me see," was his counter-argument. "You can't tell me that the Effie I knew twenty, hell ten, years ago would have been staying up late with me these past few weeks, planning a war on her beloved Capitol?" "So because you misjudged me, I have to—" "You don't have to do anything. I'm asking you to. When have I ever asked you for anything?" She had sighed and looked away. "With everything we've been through, and everything we're going through, I don't think I'm asking for too much." "You know, for the first time I wish you were drunk, so you wouldn't remember this tomorrow." His heart has swelled, because those words meant that his wish would be granted. "Wait here," she had commanded, and he had a mind to follow her as she stalked off, but she turned to him. "Surely by now you trust me some what , Haymitch. I'll be right back." He had felt sheepish, because if she had proven anything, it was that she was indeed trustworthy. And wasn't that a bitch? Wasn't that so random, so unexpected? Effie Trinket, the Rebel. What the fuck ? She came back downstairs, slowly, hesitantly, but she came, and she stood directly in front of him, and he was floored. Beautiful was an understatement. Her soft, honeycomb colored curls cascaded around her bare shoulders. Her eyes were bright, blazing blue, blinding him even in the dark. Her lips were soft pink and full and holy fucking shit he was wondering what it'd be like to kiss them. He needed a drink. Or two. Or twenty. "You're beautiful," he told her. "I don't know how you can't see that. You don't need all that crap on your face, or a bird's nest on your head." She seemed flushed, and her blush was affecting him, and doing things to him, so he had to say something to lighten the mood, before he did something stupid like kiss her. "But keep the heels. You're a midget. I've no idea how you modeled. Aren't models supposed to be tall?" She blinked at him. "Thank you, for reminding me why I hate you." Her eyes were twinkling, and damn it to hell, it made his stomach do summersaults. "Anytime," he had responded, and he headed back towards his room. Before he left her alone, though, he turned back to her. "I was serious, though. You're gorgeous, Princess. You don't need any of that cake. You're fucking sweet enough without it." "Manners, Haymitch," was the last thing he heard her say. XxXx The first time she kissed him she was without makeup. "She really does love him, you know," she told him softly. "I agree," grunted Haymitch as he watched Peeta come back to life after the force filed had killed him. Nearly killed him, he had to remind himself as he took a shuddering breath. Effie wiped her eyes. "When this is all over, remind me to slap him for being so stupid . If he had died…." "Don't," Haymitch interrupted, and in that moment they both realized how much they had grown to care for Peeta and Katniss. "If for whatever reason something happens to Peeta," she tried again, but he whirled on her. "Why would you say that? Why would something happen to him? Those involved have their orders. Keep him alive at all costs." "I'm just saying, Haymitch, if things don't go according to plan—" "Then all hell will break lose, Princess, because Katniss is stubborn, and she wants Peeta alive. Without that, then all of our planning goes to shit. If Peeta dies, she will not be the Mockingjay, because she does love him, whether she knows it or not, and without him, she'll be lost." Effie was quiet for a while after that. "I'm gonna try and catch a few hours. I haven't been sleeping all that well without—" "I know," Effie says quietly. She hesitantly reaches out and grips his hand. "I know it's not easy, staying sober for them, but I appreciate it. They need you. The Rebellion needs you. Without you none of this would be possible." He had squeezed her hand and headed to bed, thinking he wasn't only staying sober for them. No, he was also staying sober for her. When he came back, a few hours later, another nightmare having woken him up, he went back to the living room. Effie was there again, this time a blanket around her. No wig. No makeup. "How'd you sleep?" asked Effie when she saw him. "Same. But between the nightmares I did get some rest, so…. What'd I miss?" "The Careers just set up camp to get some rest. Katniss is keeping watch. She doesn't trust Finnick, even with the gold bangle." "I'm not surprised. She doesn't trust me, so why would she trust who I picked as her ally?" "What's with you two anyway?" "We're both alike," Haymitch said, finally sitting down on the floor next to her. "Stubborn. Quick-tempered. And we don't trust anybody for shit. Maybe it's a seam thing." He shrugged. "I always thought you and Katniss were alike, but not because of those reasons," said Effie. Haymitch looked at her. "Well sure you're those things as well. And rough around the edges. And horrid manners." Haymitch rolled his eyes. "But you're also both smart. And fiercely loyal. And brave. And you're survivors." He swallowed thickly, because he couldn't remember the last time someone paid him a compliment, and he knew for certain Effie Trinket had never done so. "And neither of you know how to take a compliment," Effie finished with amusement in her voice. "The proper response should have been, 'Thank you, Effie.'" Really? And he had thought it'd be to kiss her. Because that's what he wanted to do. They watched the Games for a little while when Effie broke the silence. "Do you want to get in?" In? In where ? He had looked up, and she was holding the cover back for him. What the hell ? Was he being set up? She must have seen the confusion on his face because she blushed. "I would sit up, of course." "Oh. Right. Sure." He climbed up on to the couch and sat down and she wrapped the blanket around them. They watched the game for several moments before he said, "Did you mean it?" "Mean what?" "What you said about me and Katniss." "Well of course I did. Why?" "It just sounded like… you cared." "What? Well of course I care, Haymitch. I care about you, and Katniss, and Peeta." He was stunned. He wasn't sure he remembered the last time somebody cared about him, or when he had even allowed someone to do so. When was the last time he had cared about anything or anyone? "I meant it when I said we were a team. And I damn sure wouldn't put my life at risk, joining this Rebellion, if I didn't care about you." Care about me ? Haymitch thought. "And Katniss and Peeta," added Effie a few seconds later, and he can't help but think, Nice save . "Well thanks for caring," he said. And then she leaned over and kissed him, softly, kindly, quickly, on the lips. And it shook him to his core. She flushed at her actions, and then stood up before he could say anything. "I should go to bed. It's late. But yes. Yes, I certainly do care about you Haymitch, even if you are an asshole." As if the kiss hadn't