There's a loud rasp on my door, its sound echoing into the silence of the night. I had just climbed into bed and was drifting off to sleep when I heard it. My heartbeat sped up, wondering who it could be. There's never anything good waiting on the other side of the door when it's the middle of the night. I get up, slipping on a pair of sweats over my underwear and an old shirt over my sports bra. I put on my slippers to protect my feet from the coldness of the floor. There's never enough heat during the winter to successfully warm me. I hear another knock and yell out, "I'm coming," and quicken my pace. When I get to the door I try my best not to remember the last time there was a knock on my door. We heard the explosion, and we waited, paralyzed, for them to come tell us. They went door to door, delivering the news in person, letting all the families know to their faces if their husbands, fathers, brothers, would be coming home. We were not so lucky. Taking a deep breath I open the door. It was the last person in the world I ever expected to see. My dead father was a more realistic person to be standing on my doorstep than this man. "Mr. Mellark," I say, the shock evident in my voice. "Katniss," responds the older man. "Is your mother home?" I shake my head. "She and Prim got called into the hospital. Why? What's wrong?" Mr. Mellark hesitates and then moves aside. "Peeta!" I nearly lurch myself at him, though I do not know why. What place is it of mine, what right do I have, to run into his arms, even if that is what I want to do? "What happened?" His eye is badly swollen, bloodied and blue, and extremely puffy. I feel my heart drop to my stomach, my stomach sinking, as the two share a glance, and now I know exactly what happened. "He needs to be taken to the hospital," I say, trying to keep my voice level and even. "You know he can't," Mr. Mellark says. "They'll ask too many questions." "Because it's happened too many times." I can't keep the coldness out of my voice. At least it's not fear. I'm doing an excellent job of keeping my panic at bay. "Katniss, please," pleads Mr. Mellark. "Just call us as soon as your mother or Prim gets home, okay?" "No," I tell him as he starts to walk off. "I may not be as skilled as my mother or sister, but I have picked up a thing or two over the years." I look at Peeta. "I can tend to your eye." I move aside to let them in, ignoring Mr. Mellark's thank you's. As they pass I can smell the flour on them. The baker and his son. I take Peeta to the small kitchen and sit him down, too worried to be embarrassed at how much smaller our house probably is compared to theirs. I walk to a drawer and pull out a flashlight, turning to Mr. Mellark. "Go outside and get me as much clean snow as you can," I tell him. "There is a blue bucket in the closet by the door. Use that." Mr. Mellark hurries and does as he's told, and I move around the kitchen, getting my mother's medicine together. When I have collected everything I go in front of Peeta, bending down so that I am eye level with him. I try to remember to breathe when I look at him. Even with his black eye he is handsome: long, golden locks to match his eyebrows and the most beautiful eyelashes that any woman would envy. His piercing blue eyes rivaled the cerulean color of the sky on its brightest day. His strong, chiseled, square jaw was proof that God favored certain people more so than others. He was a god, this boy, and as I start to tend to his eye, I remember stolen days, that feel like forever ago, but in reality were not all that long ago at all: soft kisses, genuine laughs, playing in each other's hair…. I wonder how the hell it all went so wrong, though secretly I know. "This might hurt," I tell him, and when I apply the towel on his eye, filled with medicine, he hisses, his breath sucking in. He let out a low moan, and it sounds nothing like the sounds he used to make when I'd tease him, brushing my hand over his lean leg, or massaging his broad shoulders. "I'm so sorry," I whisper. "It's not your fault," says Peeta, and I can hear him trying to make the best out of the situation, even now. "Are you gonna tell me what happened?" "I honestly don't even know, Katniss," Peeta sighed. "She always gets like this on days like this." "Days like what?" He pauses for a while, and I think he will not answer when he says softly, "Whenever I make raisin nut bread." I stiffen, ever so slightly, and if he'd been anybody but Peeta Mellark, he wouldn't have noticed. I can feel myself blushing and can't find the words to say anything. I know like me, he is remembering that day, not too long after my father had died, when my mother had tapped out of sanity for a while, and wouldn't—or couldn't—work anymore, so we had finally run out of food. I had taken to going through trashcans, but I had raided the Seam so many times there was nothing left to salvage. I finally made my way across the tracks, to the Town, and was going through Peeta's trash. I had been so exhausted, and so tired, and then it started to rain, and I just felt so defeated. I felt the fear grip me, paralyze me, and I finally just sat against a tree, ready to embrace death. Then the bakery door swung open, and blue eyes locked with grey ones, and I was so starved that he actually looked blurry. But I knew who he was…. We'd had classes together. I saw him around school sometimes. I wasn't sure if I didn't know his name, or if the haze of hunger was clouding my mind. What I do know is that he became the Boy with the Bread the minute he threw out two loaves to me, saving my family from starvation. It was two weeks before the rest of the memory came back to me, and I recalled seeing his mother hitting him for giving me the bread. " You little bitch ," she had called me. I had wanted to thank him the next day, even in my shame, but I had been distracted by a beautiful, bright, dandelion. I picked it, intending on giving it to him, but I had lost him in the after school crowd. But from that moment on, he was my dandelion. I don't say anything, though, and finish cleaning his wound in silence, my hands trembling at the severity of the damage. "I'll come by tomorrow when I make my deliveries to Town to check on its status. If the swelling hasn't gone down I want you to go to a hospital. I can't tell if there's blood in your eye or not, but if there is, they're going to have to drain it." I stare at him in his good eye, my eyes determined. "If I have to call the hospital, so be it." "Katniss—" "I won't argue about this, Peeta. I mean it. Be happy I'm not calling the authorities. That woman needs to be committed." What he may have said next was forgotten when his father came back in with the snow. I place it to his eye as he gasps at the coolness. When I've done what I needed to I bandage the eye. "Thank you so much for this, Katniss," Mr. Mellark says. "What time should I come by to check on his wound?" I ask instead of answering. Mr. Mellark hesitates and I stare back at him defiantly. "Around noon. I'll make sure my wife is preoccupied." I shake my head, barely concealing my eye roll, and walk them to the front door. "Thank you Katniss, really," Peeta whispers as his father makes his way down my front steps. "I know you could have turned me away." "I would never," I said before I could think better of it. I blush and look down. After a moment Peeta reaches out, pulling my hair. I look, scowling, and he smiles that soft smiles of his that makes my stomach do funny things. "I miss you, Katniss," said Peeta softly. I want to scoff, and remind him that he's the one who called things off, but instead I surprise myself by saying, "I miss you too." I want to kick myself. He gives me a full on smile, the one that makes my knees go weak, and I wonder how after all this time he can still have this affect on me. "I really want us to be friends again," he continues. "I know that's all you want, and I think… I think I can respect that now." I am confused by this, and want to ask him what he means, when his dad calls him. Peeta keeps his eyes on me, still smiling, until it falters, and he sighs and turns away. He's halfway down the steps before I realize he was waiting for my response. I thought it was obvious. "Okay," I tell him, and he turns back around so fast that I think he's going to slip on the icy steps. "Then… you'll allow it?" "I'll allow it," I say with a small smile. He grins and waves goodbye, and I watch until they disappear, my smile quickly turning into a frown. When I climb back into bed, it's with this ache in my heart. An ache about a boy who makes me feel things I never thought I could, and the sadness he brings me whenever I see another bruise on him from a woman who's supposed to be his mother. XxXxXxXx The next morning I take my bag full of game and head to Town, intending to stop at Peeta's first as I am behind schedule and it's close to noon. When I get to the bakery I take a hesitant step inside. What I see makes my breath catch in my throat. Madge is wrapped around Peeta, and most importantly, he's wrapped around her, and suddenly I'm suffocating, and the world starts to spin. What is happening? "Katniss? Are you okay?" Peeta's words bring me back to reality. He's let go of Madge and they're both walking towards me, concern on their faces. Madge Undersee, a friend of mine, and Peeta Mellark, who I've had a much complicated relationship with for the past few years. "Katniss?" asked Madge. "I'm fine," I snap, not looking at either of them. I can practically feel the surprise radiating off of Madge at my tone, but ever the sweetheart, she tries to work through it. "I haven't seen you in a while. I miss you." I try not to roll my eyes. "So you try to get close to my ex in, what, hopes to get close to me again?" "What?" There's confusion in Madge's eyes, but I'm too annoyed to care. "Katniss," says Peeta, and I know that tone, that exasperated tone he gets when I'm way off about something. Madge looks between us and finally does what it is I wanted her to do since I saw her in here, hugging Peeta. "I-I'm gonna go," she says. "It was nice seeing you, Katniss. Bye, Peeta." "I'll call you later, Madge," responds Peeta, and I feel my heart stop. He will? "Since when are you