You know, I've read quite a few Hayffie fan fics and let me tell you: they are TRAGIC and DEPRESSING! Like SERIOUSLY can a girl get a little happily ever after? Like WTF! What is WRONG with you people?! I can't take it. Honestly. I'm gonna keep writing good ones, just for MY peace of mind. I'm not Suzanne. JK Rowling's much better. Well, at least her ghost writer is. -thamockingjayandpeeta A knock on his door around sunset interrupted his near peaceful catnap. He opened his eyes, scowling, as the persistent knocking nearly caused his head to split open. Got damn those blasted kids. How many times did he have to tell him they didn't need to knock ? Yes, he had to knock on their door now that the two of them were living together, but there was no one here with him in this house, so for fuck's sake why couldn't they just walk in? "Fucking shit come in already," he yelled, and he was quite sure his head was about to detach from his body. " Honestly Haymitch." Haymitch too a deep breath. "Sweetheart that was absolutely the worst impersonation of Effie I've ever heard," Haymitch said, slowly raising himself up, his head pounding as he did. "Effie would have said that with a lot more hate in her voice." When he stood up to face Katniss he stood there blinking for several moments. Because it wasn't Katniss who was slowly walking towards him. Sighing, Haymitch briefly fluttered his eyes closed and said softly, "How many times are you going to invade my dreams, Princess?" She faltered and blinked back at him. "Do I… invade them often?" "Only when I'm not drunk enough. It makes sobriety damn near impossible." "Are you trying to get sober?" "Damn near succeeded, up until about six months ago. It's funny how much hasn't changed since the Rebellion. I still get nightmares. Still sleep with a knife. Still scared of the dark. But I recon I coulda dealt with that. The dreams of you, though?" Haymitch shook his long hair, matted and gray, and gave Dream Effie a grimace. "You never looked like this before, though. Normally you're bruised and broken, like when I found you. Sometimes you have on your stupid wig and excess cake along with a big, extravagant, over the top dress. But never like this. Never just… Effie." She slowly walked up to him and said, "Maybe it's because I'm not a dream." Haymitch screwed up his face, squinting to try and get a better look at her. She was beautiful. Sunflower gold locks fells to her neck, soft and luscious. She wore minimal makeup: just some eye junk in some light shade of purple—he had no idea what, maybe lavender or lilac or some shit. She wore muted pink of her lips to complete the ensemble. The dress was bold for 12's standards, but for Effie Trinkett it was quite tame: it was an off the shoulder knee-length white dress with large purple flowers to match her eye shadow. She wore simple white heels and the look was finished. Quite honestly she looked perfect. How many times had he seen her there, in that spot? Not just in his dreams, but in real life? How many times had she shown up on his doorstep the morning of the Reaping, to make sure he was decent? Nineteen years in a row she came here, to Victor's Village, and forced him to shower and to wear something smart so he'd look presentable. The last time she'd been here, for the 74th Hunger Game (because at the 75th, Peacekeepers had greeted him instead), he'd gotten a little rough with her after she'd thrown water on his face to wake him. He'd cursed her name and she'd called him an ungrateful git. How many times had she attempted to do right by him, and he not appreciate it? He hadn't liked her words, so when she left, earlier than usual, he got drunker than usual, and by the time he'd made his way to that stage all he wanted to do was apologize to her. How it turned into a hug and how he ended up face down off the stage was beyond him. A lot had transpired between them since then, but just like back then, he was surprised to see her. He had, after all, run her away from him. Again. "Effie?" he asked quietly. She smiled at him, brightening up her pretty face. "Hello, Haymitch." Suddenly he wished he were clean. He tried to remember the last time he changed clothes. Hell, he tried to remember the last time he had bathed. As if reading his mind she walked up to him, running her fingers his hair, and said, "You need a haircut." Surprised that he didn't jerk at the contact Haymitch said the only thing that came to mind: "What are you doin' here?" "You always were a man a few words," sighed Effie, and she lowered her hand from his head. "I don't really know what I'm doing here, Haymitch. All I know is the past year has been…." Her voice trailed off and a far away look appeared in her eyes. "It ain't been that bad, Princes. News of your engagement found its way to 12. Didn't even get an invite, did I?" "How would you know? There's a pile of unopened mail on your dining room table." Haymitch glanced at his table and saw that she was right. "Oh," was all he said. "I don't think I'm engaged anymore." "You don't… wait… what? I'm drunk yet I know that ain't right." " Isn't , Haymitch." He scowled, but without heat. It's just what they did. She corrected him, he made a face, and then they moved on. "Are you going to offer me a seat?" "You could of been sat down," muttered Haymitch. "Perhaps. But I'm a lady and deserve to be offered a seat." "Alright, quit your bitchin'. Have a seat." Effie frowned at him but nonetheless sat on the very couch he'd just vacated. He sat across from her on top of his table, wishing to God he had a drink. "I say I don't think I'm engaged anymore because I told Blaize that I was going to the store and would be back in a minute. That was two days ago. Instead of arriving at the store… I ended up here." He didn't say anything. His silence unnerved her, and she started playing with her hair from nerves. When he didn't respond she stood up. "Maybe this was a mistake. I shouldn't have come. It was rude of me to barge in on you like this." She was halfway out the door when he realized that all he'd wanted for the past year was for Effie Trinkett to show up on his doorstep. He stood up suddenly, tripping on air in his drunkenness, and cursing, limped his way to the door. "Effie!" Haymitch yelled, expecting her to be halfway out of Victor's Village. "You don't have to shout, Haymitch, I'm right here," said Effie, and he could hear the amusement in her voice. Haymitch stared at her. "I thought you were leavin'." "Well I thought I'd give you a few moments to come to your senses." He was utterly relieved, but he'd be damned if he showed it. Mistaking his silence Effie said, "If you really want me to go, I'll go Haymitch." "What I really want is for you to tell me why you're here. Last time I saw you, you said you never wanted to see me again." "Katniss needed you, Haymitch. I couldn't have you worried about me and trying to help her too. With Peeta staying in the Capitol she needed you way more than I did. Besides, I needed time to heal." "And Blaize helped you heal, did he?" Fucking shit. Was that jealousy ? Still, he stared into Effie's blue eyes, loving that he wasn't distracted by jewelry or butterfly wings or lashes, waiting for a response. "No, Haymitch," she said sadly, looking away from him. "He was a distraction. Someone to pass the time." Haymitch followed suit and looked ahead. He could hear his geese in the back making noise. "Do you know what today is?" Haymitch sucked in a breath. "The day of the Reaping," he said without looking at her. "The day of the Reaping," she whispered back to him. "And for the first time, I don't have to send children to their deaths. For the first time I didn't need to be in 12, but here I am. Doesn't that count for something?" Now he looked at her. "It counts for everything, Princess." And what could have been a tender moment was ruined when Haymitch bent over the rail and emptied out the alcohol from the day. He expected her to scold him, and he'd deserve it, really. Instead she sighed softly, gently touching the small of his back. "Come on," she whispered. "Let's get you cleaned up." She made him shower, which was a good thing, because he had no idea how long it'd been since he had had one. He peeled off his sticky clothes and left them in a pile on the floor. He showered, the scalding heat from the water calming his broken and shaken nerves. He leaned his head against the tile wall, letting the water pound into his head. He took deep breaths as the panic attack hit him full on. Breathe , he told himself as he gasped for air. Just fucking breathe . He chanted that over and over again until he finally started to calm down. When he finally had the strength he climbed shakily out of the shower and stopped dead in his tracks when he saw that Effie had laid out some clothes for him and put them on the bed. She used to always do shit like that. He remembered the first time she did this, during their very first Game together, and his reaction had been quite similar: he'd gotten out the shower, stopped in shock, and stared. Then he looked around, at the time feeling violated that she'd been in his room, even if it were to lay out presentable clothes so that he would look decent to their Tributes. Now he looked around in shame. His room was a mess, his sheets stained, clutter all over the floor. Yet he couldn't find it in himself to really care. He was mentally drained. So he did the only thing he could do: got dressed and climbed into bed. He was asleep in seconds. XxXxXx A strangled, familiar cry woke him up out of his slumber. He sat up, his hand slashing the dark, cool air with his knife, until he realized he was alone, and that the sound wasn't coming from his bedroom, but downstairs. Downstairs. Effie . He scrambled out of bed, tripping on one of his many bottles and stubbing his big toe in his haste. Cursing he made his way downstairs only to find Effie, on top of his couch, barefoot but still in her dress, without cover, the lights on. She was tossing and turning and her skin was clammy She flinched, and then moaned, and his heart broke. Ah, fuck. She was having a nightmare. He knew to be gentle, because if he shook her awake he'd frighten her to death. So he gingerly sat down next to her and grabbed her hand. "Effie," he whispered. She moaned, her face screwed up. "Effie, wake up now, okay?" He had to bite back the panic and force himself to keep calm. "You're okay. It's not real. It's not real." When she didn't wake he started to calmly shake her. "Please," she pleaded, her voice filled with fright. "Please don't hurt me." "Jesus, Effie, fucking wake up," snapped out Haymitch, shaking her even harder,