The future lies before you, like paths of pure white snow. be careful how you tread it, for every step will show. into the end, part one - into the storm. Static. A deafening roar that drowned out all other noises. Sharp intakes of breath, body feeling pinned to the back seat. The feeling of being lifted then dropped. Ears pop, eyes open, then shut tight once more. A polite ding sounds as the light to keep your seat belts on turns off. Heart beat quick, knock out pills taking no effect to the body, fear rising above all. Risk one more peek out the window. Gasp, eyes shut tight once more, sleep soon overcomes. Hours later you awake to the sound of the flight attendant's voice over the intercom, telling passengers they were nearly half way to japan and were now flying over the Bermuda triangle. Japan was the one place you longed to go to, however your fear of long boring flights, and what with the world how it is now a days, you feared. You didn't like airplanes, sure you liked the feeling of flight, but you didn't like being in the plane itself, nor did you enjoy being crammed into a plane, of any size, and forced to sit horrible boring hours next to someone you didn't know, and worse when there was someone speaking loudly, boasting about a life they never lived and talking to a too hyper female, both drawn stupidly to the same thing. Well, you had braved it this once, all the things you feared so far happening. You were late to the airport, afraid you hadn't packed something or packed something you didn't want to, ended up crammed into a very tight seat (at least it was next to the window) with two other people that were just the life of the party next to you, two stupid people sat behind you. One ramming on about some stupid life, and how he goes everywhere and has done everything, speaking so loudly, its just painfully obvious hes trying to hard. While the girl sits and nods her head, either really dumb, or also looking to get layed. Both options annoyed the hell out of you. And whats worse, japan just so happened to be cold and snowing this time of year, you hated the cold, but the ticket was just so much cheaper you couldn't resist. So, here you sit, in the dark and boring airplane, high above the the ground, millions of feet in the air, scared, but thinking the bordness is overrunning the fear, irritated that the whole place now smells horribly of alcohol because the two nut heads who are both using the same three brain cells just ordered drinks. But you were determined not to let anything ruin your trip. You have been waiting to go to japan for years, and though only seven teen in human years, you flew alone. Oh yes that's right, human years. In truth you were not human at all, in fact, this was merely a body you were using at the moment. Your real body had been damaged back in your other world and you had to wait as a human for it to heal. So here you are. Signing boredly you looked out the window, hoping to try and escape the horrible reality you were stuck in but before you had any real chance of day dreaming, er night dreaming, umm having a waking dream, a flight attendant passed by, asking if you wanted a drink, you obliged and asked for a sprite before turning back to the window. Your thoughts had just seemed to run away with themselves when the attendant came back. The sprite tasted fruity and you thought they might have mixed it with another more martini kind of drink. You didn't object. Finished with the drink you once again, turned back around. Only to be interrupted by an alarmed call by the pilot. Alarmed yourself you sat upright, though you were now sure the drink had not been yours for you felt a strange calm. The attendant passing checked everyone for seat belts before buckling down herself. What was happening? The turbulence couldn't be that harsh now could it? In your tired state, and with some help from the alcohol you managed to zone out. That was until you heard the side of the plane creak, and lightening flash, violently striking one of the wings. You couldn't hear, couldn't scream, you couldn't even breath. Your eyes were wide. Your mind refused to comprehend what was happening. No, it couldn't be. You, you were crashing? No the plane was crashing. You looked around, noticing people had there mouths open, saw them flail, reach out for one another, grasp beloved items, retch even. And you simply blinked. You were in shock, and you knew it. You felt it when the lightening hit the wing, you could feel the thunder and rain batter the airplane, you could feel the heartbreak and fear that hung in the stale air. And yet you remained calm. Though tears were brought to your eyes when you watched mothers grasp there children, loved ones holding onto each other and the chairs they sat in, now there death traps. Watched and felt your heart break as you saw an elderly couple calmly hold hands and stare on bravely. You passed out from shock soon after hitting the surface of the ocean, right in the middle of the legendary triangle, you and the plan were whipped around the ocean's currant, lightening struck, and struck again. The ocean spun as if churned by some godly force, seeming almost like a toilet flushing. The airplane sank quickly, and then, all time stopped. Daylight seeped through the cracks ripping up like ragged wounds from the airplane's belly, displaying the contents fully. Slowly you opened your eyes, blood had dripped down from your forehead and into your left eye, and your arm was broken. You had to breath shallowly, and when you checked, it seems you had broken a rip or two. Your bleary eyes looked about you, and what you saw brought both joy, and pain to your eyes. The airplane seemed ripped to shreds, the insides flooded, and water dripped and pooled in many places. Some seats were broken, other splayed out of the side like a torn into animal. But what really made you shocked and fearful, yet sickeningly joyous for your own safety was the bodies shewn about. All looked dead, though some were not. You could see no one breathing at the moment, for your eyes had locked onto a mother, her infant wailing in her dead grip, her neck was turned at an odd angle. Without thinking you got up, hissing loudly as you stood and crawled over the one seat by you, that held the limp form of the man that was sitting beside you. You limped over the wreckage and gritted your teeth, without thinking you reached the baby and reached out for him, then held him close, shushing it until it quieted. At that moment someone spoke. A frightened voice trying to sound strong, though it quavered. "hello? Is anyone still alive in there?" You tried to speak but your voice caught as you inhaled. Your answer was a hiss of pain. A few moments later a man, clad in a torn navy blue shirt and jeans, covered in dirt and scratches walked onto the airplane through the hole in the side. Blood was slowly drying on his forehead were a nasty looking cut had scored his brow. He looked scared, nervous, tears streaked his face and left trails in the dirt and blood. He stepped lightly in to the plane from the gaping opening in the side. He seemed pretty unharmed save for the head wound. His wide green eyes searched quickly through the rows then finally stopped on you. "i-is it dead?" he asked, motioning to the child. You shook your head no and the man seemed to relax. "is-s there anyone else..." he couldn't finish his sentence, but you seemed to know what he was asking, you look around, your eyes wide as you looked into the faces of the remaining passengers before coming back to the man. "no" you hissed. The man didn't look shocked that you hissed, it was obvious you were in serious pain. He nodded then motioned for you to follow him, extending his hand as best he could to help you. You could tell he had a broken wrist, so as you passed you held onto his arm instead. The man helped you down from the plane and onto soft grass. You looked up with wide eyes and surveyed your surroundings. There was grass, grass everywhere, a greenish brown color, it seemed to go on forever, you thought you could see mountains off in the distance but you weren't to sure. You didn't know were you were, or how the plane had gotten off coarse so badly. You were in a storm over the middle of the ocean and now you were here. You put it off in the back of your mind as you passed out and the pilot found a way to keep airborne until he could land- er crash safely. But this place seemed to be no were near the ocean. "were all over here.' the man said quietly. "my name is David by the way, David Jones." he stated, his wide eyes looking at the ground and walking off a couple hundred yards until the plane was a good ways away. You looked around to find about a dozen or so people milling about. Either crying, looking on in awe, talking in quiet voices to one another and such. They were all dirty, blood covered, and scared. That much was obvious. As the three entered the clearing the group of people looked up, sudden fear and curiosity shimmered in there tear brimmed eyes. They saw the baby, but no one made a move to claim it. "does this child belong to anybody?" David asked once they were close enough to be heard. No one made a move to answer. "anyone? Anyone at all? Please?" David begged. "does anyone know who this child belonged to then?" at this a old looking woman got up stiffly. A younger boy helped her up. "the-there was a woman behind me. I think the baby belong to her." she wheezed. "i think she called him Henry, but im not sure." the old woman swayed and the boy helped her to sit back down on a large suitcase someone must have brought. You looked down at the child and sighed. "will anyone take the child?" David asked when no one said anything else. Once more, no one said anything. Eyes down casted. It was obvious no one could care for the child. Until a young woman with tangled blond hair staggered out from behind a few large rocks. "ill take him.." she said, rather boldly. The motioned for the child to be brought to her. You took one hearty step forward and held the infant out. The woman took the child and held him fiercely. "thank you." you hissed, closing your eyes in pain. David was over a few feet away, looking over a man about twenty in age, moving his arm tenderly and nodding to himself. "hes a doctor, hes been looking after everyone., if your hurt badly you should have him look at you." you couldn't speak, for fear that if you moved your lungs in any sudden way besides breathing, you would rupture your insides or something, so you just nodded your thanks and the woman went to sit with the old woman and boy. You limped over to David and stood there for a moment as he told the man his arm was broken, but not to badly. "thank you doctor. I'm