Disclaimer: I am no way affiliated with the Twilight franchise, or author. This is a fiction piece and has not influence from the author or franchise members. Rating: M for smut and language. Pairing: Alice/Rosalie/Isabella. Summary: Rose and Bella spot Alice at a club and promise to make her feel good. Smut ensues. Warmth It hadn't been Alice's idea to come to this bar. No, she had been vehemently against it. It was late enough as it is, and the young beauty had nowhere near enough time to get ready. Emmett has just rolled his eyes and told her to get ready, that she wouldn't regret it; he told her of his worries concerning her isolation, and resolved within himself to have his younger sister leave her apartment. He also failed to mention that the bar in question he wished to attend had a strict boy to girl ratio, and he had no other female friends able to escort him through the dank rooms of overbearing music and swaying bodies. Her anger at his sudden appearance at her home only to coerce her into a night of drinking rose up as soon as he spotted a redhead and beelined for her attention. She should have guessed as much. Emmett has a one-track mind when in this environment. The humidity in the club was overbearing, and Alice soon split from her brother to find a small space of privacy. Walking through crowded corridors of sweating bodies, she found herself in a small room with loud music and a large dance floor. This was Emmett's favourite room, wasn't it? She remembered him saying so. She could just meet up with... him... Alice pushed her brother from her thoughts, gripping her drink with slender fingers, gazing at the beauty moving slowly around the dance floor. Alice could only catch glimpses of her in time with the lights and music. Mahogany tresses trailing down her back, curled and swinging along with her hips. She slowed with the music, and dipped lower when the bass grew to unimaginable volumes. Her legs were long and wrapped in black denim jeans, clinging to her skin all the way down to her large, black velvet heels. Her torso was garbed in a royal blue singlet, the arms cut low to reveal the straps of a silky black bra. Alice pictured herself between the brunette's legs, swaying in time with her slender body, having her hands come around her waist... What? Alice stood back for a moment, leaning her head back on the wall supporting her weight. She closed her eyes and tried to dispel the thoughts running through her mind. She was sure the beautiful woman wouldn't appreciate being ogled so blatantly, and Alice was sure she wasn't even ready to be a drunken ogler. Had she looked at Tanya like that when they had first met? Had Tanya stared at her with the lust coursing through Alice's body right now? No, surely not. A tight know formed in Alice's throat at the thought of her ex-lover, the woman she had supposedly been ready to spend her life with. The woman who had brought out so much in Alice she hadn't even been aware was there . The woman who vowed to love her and only her. The woman who had slept with someone else. The woman who had fallen pregnant and left. The woman who was now married and six states west of this dirty club, and the beautiful muse swivelling around on the floor. She was grieving for her lost relationship, of course. Over a year and a half later and Alice was only now noticing other beautiful women, and there certainly was no lack of them in this club. She recalled the statuesque blonde who had eyed her earlier, with a warm yet intimidating smile. The blondes whose legs, by all rights, should have some form of insurance policy to cover any damage. The blonde hair had looked so silky and soft, Alice had just wanted to weave her hands through it and pull tightly. Alice closed her eyes and threw back the remnants of her vodka and lemonade, welcoming the scorching sensation before it settled warmly in her stomach. The sensation was odd, feeling a tingle between her legs for someone who was not named Tanya. Had her knees always shivered when she saw a beautiful woman? Had she always been so desperate for someones touch? Thinking it over, Alice couldn't help but believe those months of isolation and basic fear of human contact had been good to her. For the most part, Alice couldn't even remember how Tanya would say hello, how she felt when they embraced, just what exact shade of hazel her eyes were. And now, Alice wasn't projecting her face everywhere. She wasn't seeing a loving hello, or a tearful, and very pregnant goodbye. Yes, this was a good idea, Alice decided. A night out with the company of strangers should be welcomed, and she would do just that. Opening her eyes, she decided to seek out Emmett, and tell her of the gratitude she was cradling in her new heart, and also of how many drinks she had guzzled down in the time they had been separated. Kicking off the wall, Alice sought out the tangle of dark hair that had mesmerised her for so long, content to have one more moment of desperate heat course though her body before taking her leave and tending to herself at home in a few hours. Oh. Oh. Dangerous thought, Alice. Very Dangerous. The sudden vision of touching herself was replaced with a delicious dream of brown locks diving between her legs, and working in a frantic pace to help Alice come undone. Oh jesus, I need to leave right now. Alice hadn't had time to eve taken her eyes off the girl before she felt a soft hand on her shoulder, and lips close to her ear. "She's beautiful, isn't she?" The voice murmured. Alice, suddenly feeling the most sober she had in hours, turned quickly to assault the person who had dared stand to close to her, only to have the harsh words die on her lips. The blonde from earlier. The blonde with the killer legs and confusing smile. Said smile was now apologetic and welcoming. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you." Alice's indignant anger vanished as she took in their proximity. If she reached out, as she had initially intended, she would be able to wrap her arms around the woman's waist. Instead of lashing out, she said nothing. Regarding her with kind eyes, the blonde continued, "I'm Rosalie." "Alice." Her smile was much warmer now, "It's a pleasure to meet you, Alice." Her sapphire eyes traced the contours of Alice's lips before moving over her head, and speaking again. "Well? She's beautiful, isn't she? Those legs… That hair…" Alice followed her gaze to the young woman she had been admiring for quite some time now, unspeaking in her appraisal. Was this some sort of intimidation move? Was Alice encroaching on Rosalie's girlfriend? Her mind flashed quickly to Tanya's betrayal, and her stomach turned at the thought of a cheating partner. "I'm sorry, I didn't know the two of you were together. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." Alice spoke hastily, trying to cover her tracks and extricate herself from the situation. Rosalie smiled, and gently took Alice's hand in her own, "Stop fretting. She and I are together, but we, ah… we have an arrangement." What? What? Alice had been offered many things over the years, people she had met with Tanya proving to be interested in the both of them, asking for sexual favours, asking for shows, flirting until their heads rolled off and sank into a pit of annoyance. Perhaps it was the alcohol swirling across her vision, or the fresh thoughts of all those times Tanya had begged they be shared between a man or a woman, but Alice felt anger rise swiftly in her chest, her shock and annoyance for being caught in her gaze came back in full force, and she pulled her hand from Rosalies with a sharp tug. "I'm not some toy people can just fucking ask to do what they like." Not anymore. Rosales brows flew up her forehead, looking on in shock, and slight embarrassment. "Rose, what have I told you about scaring innocent people?" The voice that spoke was clear, but deeper than Rosalies, and came from the sensual brunette Alice had been watching for most of the night. When had she made her way over? How had Alice missed her walking in those heels. The woman demanded the attention of all eyes in the room, and Alice was disappointed she missed the way her hips had moved as she made her way over to her girlfriend and squabbling stranger. Would this beautiful stranger behave much in the same way Rosalie had? Rosalie smiled apologetically, "I meant no harm. I'm sorry if I offended you, Alice. I didn't mean to." Alice looked back and forth between the two of them, before the other woman finally spoke, "I'm sorry if you were made to feel uncomfortable. We should go, Rosie," "We should go, Laurent." Alice heard the final words from Tanya clear in her mind, as she watched more beautiful woman walk away from her. The memory set Alice in motion, and she barely had time to open her mouth before calling, "Hey! Wait!" They had moved into a quieter room, where people were milling around aimlessly, hanging around pool tables and laughing quietly at high bar tables. In the new clarity of light, Alice could finally appreciate the bounty of the two women. The brunette who quickly became the star of Alice's fantasies had deep, dark, brown eyes, and a lovely round face. A spattering of freckles danced across the bridge of her nose, and her pink lips were slightly turned up at the corners. Alice suddenly found herself thinking that being a toy for the couple couldn't be too bad. "Is everything alright?" The muse spoke. "I'm sorry, I just… I don't know your name." Alice saw Rosalie smile softly out of the corner of her eye. "This is Alice," The brunette smiled brilliantly. "Hello Alice," she took her hand, as soft as Rosalie had before, "I'm Bella." Bella. A small shiver rippled up Alice's spine. She could imagine that name dropping from her lips as she tug at the brown locks that hung down her back. The three of them stood in silence for a moment, and the couple exchanged a glance before Rosalie spoke up, "Would you like to sit down and have a drink, Alice?" she asked, drawing Alice's attention. In the light, Alice noticed, Rosalie's eyes were a lighter colour blue, and drew her gaze deep into conversation. The fantasy rolling through the smaller girls head immediately included the intimidating blonde, and she found herself wanting to lick the small birthmark she spotted under her chin. Before Alice had a chance to respond, she found herself being led to a small table in the back corner of the room, and Bella was off to buy a round of drinks. Rosalie's gaze was constant, but became less intense as time passed. "I'm sorry if I offended you earlier, truly. I, uh, I'm sort of blunt with my words," she chuckled, "Bella is better at speaking to people. I just enjoy company." Company. Alice mused. The exact thing she had had practically zero of for quite some time now, the one thing she seemed to crave, but reject. What if someone hurts you again? What if your books bore them again? What if? What if? Whatifwhatifwhatif? Does she look at people like that when she allows herself company? In contentment and just a general appreciation? Where she didn't have to say much, but tried to all the same? She recalled Rosalie's