Survivor: Panem (A/N: Please vote for your favorite characters in my profile poll!) Caesar Flickerman appears in the 74th Hunger Games arena wearing his sparkly blue jacket. He stands in front of the Cornucopia, with 18 starting platforms forming a half-circle around him. "Welcome, welcome, everyone!" Caesar exclaims. "We are here at the start of our competition! Let's meet our tributes!" 9 of the players suddenly rise up from underground up onto their platforms. They all look around at each other, some of them totally shocked to see that there are so many empty platforms. "Surprise, surprise!" Caesar announces. "Only 9 of you tributes this year will participate – the others of you have all been sent home! You will all be on one tribe – the Tributes Tribe! Let's meet our contestants!" Glimmer – District 1 Marvel – District 1 Clove – District 2 Cato – District 2 Foxface – District 5 Rue – District 11 Thresh – District 11 Katniss – District 12 Peeta – District 12 "Now, you may be wondering who your opponents are… here they are!" The 9 other contestants rise up on their platforms to view their opponents. "Yes, these are all past victors of the Hunger Games – participating on the Victors Tribe! Let's meet them!" Cashmere – District 1 Gloss – District 1 Enobaria – District 2 Brutus – District 2 Wiress – District 3 Beetee – District 3 Mags – District 4 Finnick – District 4 Johanna – District 7 "Now, you may be wondering why I am standing here, and why there aren't any swords. The reason is that you will not be killing each other this year!" The players look around at each other in utter confusion. "You are on two tribes, competing against each other in the ancient reality TV game of Survivor! We have revived it here for the 22nd century as Survivor: Panem! Now you will have to outwit, outplay and outlast each other to make it to the end to be the ultimate victor and win lots of money and food for yourself and your family. The losers will not die, but instead be compensated for their time out here. It is President Snow's great gift to everyone, that for one year we stop the bloodbaths and try out a different game!" The contestants are so confused at this point, but they feel very relieved. "Now, to begin this contest, you will all take off from your starting positions and race after whatever you can find in the Cornucopia. There will be no hurting of each other, only scrambling to get items. The weapons you find will not be used to kill each other, but rather to hunt for food for your tribe. Once you have collected as much as you can, grab the map with your tribe's name on it and head out to your new camp with your tribemates. Tributes, you'll go to the right of the Cornucopia. Victors, you'll head to the left. Survivors ready? Go!" Immediately the players take off running toward the supplies. Cato and Glimmer get their hands on a machete and a bow and arrow. Katniss also finds a bow and arrow. "Get that food!" Peeta yells. He points in the direction of a box, which Marvel and Clove quickly pick up before Brutus and Enobaria can get over to it. Foxface scoops up a bunch of berries, with a label clearly reading "Non-Poisonous" on them. "Hey, give me that!" Finnick shouts, as he grabs a fishing spear that Thresh also has his hands on. Thresh and Finnick begin fighting for the spear, until Finnick finally pulls it away from him. "Don't mess with us!" Finnick screams at Thresh. "We've actually won the Hunger Games before!" Thresh steps away from Finnick with a bit of anger, but Rue's smiling face quickly gets his anger cooled off. He goes to help her collect some food. "We got everything we can," Peeta tells the two of them. "Let's go." After about 10 minutes of scrambling, each tribe has collected a fair amount of supplies and is headed off in the direction of their camp. (A/N: When a person's thoughts are in italics , it means that they are talking in a confessional, directly to the camera, away from the rest of the tribe, at a later time than it is actually shown.) Episode 1 As Bad as Being Dead Day 1 Tributes Tribe "We got a lot of stuff," Cato tells Glimmer as they arrive at their campsite. "This should be enough to keep us going for a long time." "Why did they change the rules?" Clove complains. "I was looking forward to killing some people." "Hey, cheer up," Peeta replies. "Aren't you happy you're going to live?" "I was prepared to die," Clove retorts. "I want to win at all costs," Clove says. "I have never – for one moment, even – thought about anything but winning. All I wanted is to come home as the champion. And if I come home a loser, that's just as bad as being dead." Marvel starts a fire for the tribe, whose camp is up the hill from a stream of water. The tributes sit around the fire and introduce each other. "I'm not familiar with you," Katniss tells the girl from District 5. "But you remind me of a fox." Everyone laughs, including the girl. "I guess you can just call me 'Foxface,' then," she replies. "Foxface seems very mysterious," Katniss says. "I'd like to make an alliance with her, but I'm afraid that if I do, I'll end up with a knife stuck in my back." "So, how do you play this game, anyway?" Thresh asks. "It's just like the Hunger Games, only instead of killing people, you vote for who you want to leave the game," Rue explains. "You make alliances, and if you're mean, you backstab people." "I wonder if the concept for the Hunger Games came from this Survivor show in any way," Peeta says. "If so, our ancestors have a lot of explaining to do." As the day goes on, Glimmer and Cato seem to be getting along very well, cuddling with each other and laughing at each other's jokes. Clove looks over at them with extreme jealousy. "This is when I wish I was allowed to kill," Clove says. "One throw of a knife – and that girl would be dead." "I really like Cato," says Glimmer. "He seems to know exactly what to say – he's such a great guy. I'm so glad I don't have to kill him." Victors Tribe The tribe arrives at their camp. They set down their supplies and take a look at their position – near a cave and streams of water. Almost immediately, Johanna begins ordering around the tribe. "Okay, you electric people – you start making our shelter!" she yells at Beetee and Wiress. "You District 1 snobs – you make our fire!" "And what are you going to do?" Gloss yells back at her. "I'm going to make sure you're doing what you're supposed to be doing!" she screams. "This Johanna girl – it's hard for me to figure out how she won the Hunger Games before," Gloss says. "I can't reason why anyone would let her survive, with her attitude." The tribe begins to get their things together, but Johanna refuses to do any work. Instead, she stands over her tribemates and makes sure they are doing their jobs. "Is that good enough for you?" Cashmere asks. Johanna takes a closer look at the fire Cashmere has built. "No, it's not!" she shouts. "Make it bigger! It's not like the other tribe's going to come over here and kill us!" "I'm not used to being ordered around like this," Cashmere says. "Johanna – she's going to be the first one killed – or, rather, voted out." After the tribe has put together their shelter, they huddle around the fire to discuss the game. "I thought for sure we were on our way out here for another Hunger Games," Enobaria comments. "Are you that brainless?" Johanna replies. "I knew from the very start we were in for some sort of surprise. In fact, I predicted we'd be playing a game in this style. I'm only surprised that they selected some of you to play." Mags looks rather shocked by Johanna's comment, but the others simply shake their heads. "I volunteered for this because I wanted to save someone's life," Mags states. "I wouldn't have come if I knew I were just playing for money." "You mean you don't need any money?" Johanna asks. "Fine, I'll just take your prize money after the game is over!" "Seriously, how brainless can that old woman be?" Johanna wonders. "She says she doesn't care about winning. Well, in that case, what's the point of even playing? Get out of here and leave the real competitors to play!" "You know, this isn't much different from the original Hunger Games," Beetee comments. "It's going to take strategy, physical skill, and getting people to like you." "The only difference is that no one dies," Wiress adds. "I think that whether this game is Survivor or the original Hunger Games, I'm the favorite out here," Finnick says. "I'm probably the best out here at every single thing that goes into winning this game. But I must build an alliance. When I get a chance, I know exactly who I'm joining forces with." Day 2 Tributes Tribe Foxface and Rue sit around the fire eating some of the rice that the tribe collected at the beginning of the game. Meanwhile, Katniss and Peeta go off hunting in the woods. "Katniss, if we want any chance at winning this game, we've got to stick together," Peeta tells her. "I'd imagine that would be the case," she replies. "I'm serious," Peeta states. "You know the Careers are going to team up. You know Rue and Thresh are going to team up. Our only chance is if we make a strong alliance, one way or another." "Then we team up with Rue and Thresh," Katniss responds. "Because if my life were in danger, I would bet on either one of them saving me." "You sure we shouldn't go with the Careers?" Peeta asks. "They seem to be very smart and strong." Katniss ignores Peeta as she sees something in a hole of a tree. She pulls it out. "What is this?" she asks. She gasps as she opens it up to find her mockingjay pin. "That's your pin, isn't it?" Peeta questions. "Yes, but I wasn't allowed to bring it into the arena," Katniss replies. "But I found it right here in this tree!" "There seems to be a note attached to it," Peeta adds. " 'This is an immunity mockingjay pin. Use it before the votes are read at any Tribal Council to cancel out all votes against you. You may use it yourself or give it to anyone else.' " "Wow, this is special," Katniss states. "If you're ever in trouble, I'll let you have this." "Keep it for yourself," Peeta replies. "Winning is a lot more important to you than it is to me." "So today I found my mockingjay pin, and it's apparently useful in this game," Katniss says. "This could help me go a lot farther in this game." Back at camp, Cato pulls together all the Careers. "We're going to be an alliance of four in this game," he tells them. "Whatever we do, we don't betray each other. We stay loyal all the way to the end." "Sounds great, Cato!" Glimmer replies. Clove rolls her eyes at Glimmer. "So Glimmer's trying to get in good with Cato?" she says. "Whatever. If I have to stick it out in this alliance, I will, but the moment I get a chance at her, she'll be gone!" Rue and Thresh notice that the rest