So I just got to thinking what if instead of the whole twilight saga being surrounded around Bella and Edward it was Jacob and Edward. To me it'll be so much more drama ... Vampire/Werewolf much more interesting than Vampire/Human. I take no credit for this work it's all Stephanie Meyer ... I just decided to twist it. :) I own nothing. I hope it doesn't suck. Chapter I First Impression In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State was a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. It was to Forks that I now exiled myself- an action that I took with great horror. I know that 'technically' live in Forks seeing as I grew up on the Reservation but it doesn't count. I've barely left the invisible boundary that the elders of the 'tribe' have placed and I've barely seen any of Forks unless it was to visit Charlie, my dad's best friend. I detested Forks. I loved Reservation. I loved the sun that's barely there but only seems to cover La Push Beach. I love the beach. I love my friends. "Jacob," my dad said to me - the last of a thousand times - before I got into Charlie's cruiser. "You don't have to do this." My dad looks like me, except older and in a wheelchair. I felt a spasm of panic takeover. How could I leave my dad, my crippled dad, to fend for himself ? Of course he had Harry and Sue Clearwater who would make sure he's never hungry, and of course I was going to get a job and send him money so the bills would probably get paid, and Charlie would come and pick him up for their frequent fishing trips instead of me having to drop him but still... "I want to go," I lied. I'd always been a bad liar, but I'd been saying this lie so frequently lately that it sounded almost convincing now. "I'll see you soon," he insisted. "You can come home whenever you want " "I'm hardly moving to another state dad. It's just Forks. It's just school. It's just ..." "Not the Reservation!" My dad said with a strong conviction. "It's not safe outside of these borders son. But if you insist that you must leave you know I won't stop you." "I'm staying by Charlie dad. You'll see me every time you come over. Plus Charlie is the Chief of Police. He can Protect me." "Not from everything." My dad whispered, so softly I'm not sure if I actually heard it or it was my imagination. Charlie had really been fairly nice about the whole thing. He seemed genuinely pleased that I was coming to live with him. He'd already gotten me registered for high school and was going to help finish build my car ... the rabbit. For now I had my truck, which I also built, and it was already by Charlie. But it was sure to be awkward with Charlie. Neither of us was what anyone would call verbose, and I didn't know what there was to say regardless. I knew he was more than a little confused by my decision, reservation kids rarely left and if they did if was the whole family. Even if they did move from the reservation to Forks , which rarely happens, no kid from the reservation has EVER gone to school on the mainland. God alone knows why but just because I've decided to leave the rez doesn't mean I have to fall back on my education. By now we were on our way. Away from La Push. I stared out the windows in silence. It was beautiful, of course. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered with moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. I loved it. I loved how familiar it looked. It reminded me that although I felt like worlds away I was still home. Eventually we made it to Charlie's. He still lived in the small, two-bedroom house that he'd bought with his ex-wife in the early days of their marriage. There, parked on the street in front of the house that never changed, was my truck. It was a faded red color, with big, rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. I loved it. It was my dad's but since he lost his ability to walk I had rebuilt the engine and had it to myself. Plus, it was one of those solid iron affairs that never get damaged - the kind you see at the scene of an accident, paint unscratched, surrounded by the pieces of the foreign car it had destroyed. Before I knew it, it was time to step out of the cruiser. It took only one trip to get all my stuff upstairs. I got the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. The room was familiar; it had been belonged to Isabella, Charlie's daughter but she stopped visiting a few years ago so the room was free. was grateful for Charlie letting me stay here. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellowed lace curtains around the window, I remember them all from when Charlie and Billy used to force the two of us to play together. The desk in the corner of the room now held a secondhand computer, with the phone line for the modem stapled along the floor to the nearest phone jack. This was a stipulation from my father, so that we could stay in touch easily - although I keep telling him that he's always over here and I'm going to see him. The rocking chair from Isabella's baby days was still in the corner. There was only one small bathroom at the top of the stairs, which I would have to share with Charlie. It was something I was used to. Sharing. I had to share a bathroom with my entire family - my mother, father and my older twin sisters. Well that's before things changed. One of the best things about Charlie is he doesn't hover. He left me alone to unpack and get settle. It was nice to be alone, not to have to smile and look pleased; a relief to stare dejectedly out the window at the sheeting rain and let just a few tears escape. I wasn't in the mood to go on a real crying jag. I would save that for bedtime, when I would have to think about the coming morning. Forks High School had a frightening total of only three hundred and fifty-seven - now fifty-eight - students. All of the kids here had grown up together - their grandparents had been toddlers together. I would be the new boy from the big city, a curiosity, a freak. I knew that everyone would be curious about me. No one from the rez ever socialized with these pale faces. I was way more tanned than they were, my skin taking on a russet colour which was normal for the rez but weird for Forks. I had always been slender, but soft somehow, not an athlete - sports never really interested me. When I finished putting my clothes in the old pine dresser, I took my bag of bathroom necessities and went to the communal bathroom to clean myself up after the day of travel. I looked at my face in the mirror. Maybe it was the light, but I looked sallower, unhealthy - tired. Facing my pallid reflection in the mirror, I was forced to admit that I was lying to myself. It wasn't just physically that I'd never fit in. I didn't relate well to people my age but I blame that to only spending all my time with my dad. If I wasn't with my dad I was with my books or working with cars. That's probably why instead of being a Freshman at my 15 years they decided to place me with the Juniors. As if I need another reason to stand out. Maybe the truth was that I didn't relate well to people, period. Even my sisters, who I was closer to than anyone else on the planet, was never in harmony with me, never on exactly the same page. Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. And tomorrow would be just the beginning of things changing. I didn't sleep well that night, even after I was done crying. The constant whooshing of the rain and wind across the roof wouldn't fade into the background. Not I minded. Anything to remind me I was still home. That I wasn't too far away from the rez. With those thoughts in my head I let the rain lull me to sleep. Thick fog was all I could see out my window in the morning. You could never see the sky here like you could on the reservation. Breakfast with Charlie was a quiet event. He wished me good luck at school. I thanked him, knowing his hope was wasted. Good luck tended to avoid me or else I wouldn't have damned myself to this place. Charlie left first, off to the police station that was his wife and family. After he left, I sat at the old square oak table in one of the three unmatching chairs and examined his small kitchen, with its dark paneled walls, bright yellow cabinets, and white linoleum floor. Nothing was changed from what I remembered. Over the small fireplace in the adjoining handkerchief-sized family room was a row of pictures. First a wedding picture of Charlie and Isabella's mom- Renee I believe it was- in Las Vegas, then one of the three of them in the hospital after Isabella was born, followed by the procession of Isabella's school picture. It made me uncomfortable to see all the happy pictures of Charlie and his family when mine was in shambles. I didn't want to be too early to school, but I couldn't stay in the house anymore. I donned my jacket and headed out into the rain. It was just drizzling still, not enough to soak me through immediately as I reached for the house key that was always hidden under the eaves by the door, and locked up. I was in a hurry to get out of the misty wet that swirled around my head and clung to my hair. Inside the truck, it was nice and dry, the tan upholstered seats still smelled faintly of tobacco, gasoline, and peppermint. The engine started quickly, to my relief, but loudly, roaring to life and then idling at top volume. The antique radio still worked due to the little tweaking I had the school wasn't difficult, though I'd never been there before. The school was, like most other things, just off the highway. It was not obvious that it was a school; only the sign, which declared it to be the Forks High School, made me stop. It looked like a collection of matching houses, built with maroon-colored bricks. There were so many trees and shrubs I couldn't see its size at first. I parked in front of the first building, which had a small sign over the door reading front office. No one else was parked there, so I was sure it was off limits, but I decided I would get directions inside instead of circling around in the rain like an idiot. I stepped out of the toasty truck cab and walked down a little stone path lined with dark hedges. I took a deep breath before opening the door. Inside, it was brightly lit, and warmer than I'd hoped. The office was