Author's Note : this is a taster for my new fic, I hope you like it, I own nothing, there is swearing and stuff. The Dog and the Dark Witch Chapter One The sea crashed angrily against sharp, unforgiving rocks, a sheer cliff face rose up towards the stormy sky, short tufty grass grew all along the cliff top, perfectly adapted to withstand the bite of the sea air and the constant wind and rain. At the cliff's peak, a tall tree stood defiant, gnarled and blackened, presumably struck by lightning during its long life, it was the only landmark on this barren stretch of coastline. A storm was brewing on the horizon, dark clouds were rolling in from all sides, a sheen of grey against the fading light heralded the beginning of the oncoming deluge, flashes of lightning lit up the sky and an ominous roll of thunder rumbled out over the waves. The bruised, purple clouds sucked away the remaining light, the world was plunged into an artificial twilight, the storm, riding on a fierce wind approached the shore, the rain hissed on the surface of the sea before being drowned out by the waves breaking on the rocks. Forks of lightning arced between the clouds, the thunder was deafening, the force of the sound shook the earth. The tree stood unmoved by the wind and the rain, lit white like bone in nature's impressive light show, at the base of the trunk where the shadows were at their darkest, there was a movement, a darker shadow, the sound of a struck match and the accompanying flare of burning sulphur, once extinguished, left behind the glowing red embers of the tip of a cigarette, acrid blue smoke drifted up to the heavens. The shadowy figure seemed completely unperturbed by the never ending cascade of water from above, when the sky was ignited by electricity, an observer would be convinced that the water was avoiding the area in which the figure resided all together. There was no sense of urgency about them, occasionally a pair of eyes caught in the light of the lit cigarette, could be seen looking left and right. A deep inhalation and the red ember glowed with renewed life, followed by a slow exhale like a pleasurable sigh. As the act of smoking reached its conclusion the shape flicked the stub away, a tiny glow of red tumbled end over end before landing on the sodden ground to be snuffed out by the downpour. A second figure appeared as if born from the darkness, a massive roll of thunder cracked as if some gigantic ancient beast was announcing their arrival, they strode purposefully to the base of the tree and into the protective dryness surrounding the squatting figure. "You picked a nice night for it, I'm soaked to the bone and I've only just got here" The squat figure let out a throaty chuckle, the arrival of their companion hadn't fazed them in the slightest, they hadn't even looked in the direction of the newcomer. "I like a good storm, have you forgotten you can use magic? Dry yourself off and quit complaining, it's perfectly warm and dry in here" arms gesture to the immediate area surrounding them. The voice muttered some words, possibly insulting the crouched figure, more likely casting some spell as instructed. Shifting into a more elevated position, rocking slightly on their haunches, back pressed against the tree trunk for support, the first figure extracted a rather crumpled packet of cigarettes from some hidden pocket. The path of the cigarette from the packet to the owners mouth was interrupted by a request for one, the journey continued until clamped between lips, a match flared, the tip glowed bright and it's removed and passed upwards, the second figure took it with a grunt of thanks, the owner looked in dismay at the final cigarette in the pack, it's removed and ignited, the now empty packet was crushed and stowed away again. The second figure, still standing rigid, relaxed a touch and leaned against the tree, radiating impatience, the cigarette was smoked at speed and with just under half of it left, it was cast out into the wet, rendering it unsalvageable, a strangled cry from near the ground and much coughing, a voice rasped angrily at the waste. The standing party shrugged their shoulders, an action almost imperceptible in the darkness. "It's a disgusting habit really, it makes you reek of it, good for settling the nerves in the absence of a strong drink, I suppose" "I would have finished it, this is my last one" he held it out like a precious trinket before placing it back between ready lips and sucking on it greedily. "Why are we even here?" "To talk" "Well don't let me stop you" The crouching shadow stood and stretched aching legs, having successfully shaken off the fatigue the pacing ceased, the figure turned on the spot and walked back to lean against the tree next to their companion. As they stood side by side the first figure was noticeably taller, standing a good head taller than the other. "We have Sybil Trelawny's prophecy" "So do we" "Not all of it, according to Dumbledore" "Shit" "I'm surprised I was able to tell you that much" "There are two births due at the end of July" "We know this as well, I suppose the spell allows us to talk about shared knowledge" "The Dark Lord has made his choice, I'm sorry, there was nothing I could do, I tried" A sombre silence descended upon the two, the storm continued to play out overhead. "It's not your fault, we both thought he'd go after the pure-blood, it doesn't make sense" "All is not lost, you are the obvious choice for secret keeper" "That's the very reason I'm not the secret keeper" "Then who?" The shrug indicated an inability to answer that question, the other can only nod in acknowledgement, the solemnity of the situation weighed heavy on them both. "What now?" "I'll go back to the order, what about you?" "I have to go and see Severus, he pulled me aside after the last meeting and asked me to" "Why?" "No idea, I guess I'll find out soon enough" "I have a bad feeling about all of this, there is so much we don't understand, I'll be in touch if there is another opportunity to meet, be careful, don't do anything stupid and go getting yourself killed" "I'll be fine, no one suspects a thing, they fear me" They embraced like old friends and disappeared simultaneously. (Scene Break) Fog hugged the banks of a river, its grimy waters flowed sluggishly through an industrial part of town, at one time it was busy, prosperous, now it was dirty and derelict, a few factories had endured the hard times, but mostly it was used as a dumping ground, discarded shopping trolleys poked from beneath the brown water like strange silvery sea creatures, mattresses, old TVs, glass bottles and other urban detritus lined the old tow paths. Night had long fallen, somewhere in the dark a clock chimed midnight, the rows upon rows of bleak terraced houses lined the hill that gradually crept up and away from the toxic river. Like the industrial area, the houses harked back to a better time, built to supply the workers with affordable living space, most had moved away once the good times had left, the factories stilled their machines and one by one closed their doors. Any residents remaining left before the crime rate rose, there were more boarded up windows than not, crude graffiti was daubed across every available surface, gardens were being reclaimed by the hardiest of plant life, nettles and thorny bushes fought a war for dominance. A casual observer would assume the whole place deserted, there was no indications of human life, feral cats mewled, the sound harsh and the echo made it impossible to pinpoint the source, scurrying noises filled the silence, possibly rats, spawned unchecked, no cars were parked along the roads, no lights burned behind shut curtains. A few rows shy of the hill's crest, there was something, a dull flicker, too dim to be a light bulb, the casual observer wouldn't have seen it. This house was inhabited, the glass was caked with grime, lace curtains yellowed with age were just visible, thick curtains, faded, recently pulled shut. The window frames were white once, peeling paint clung to rotting wood with desperate futility, the front door may have been a bold red colour, long faded to pink, the paint clung to the wood of the door with more success than it's glass paned fellows. Inside, the entrance hall was small and dingy, a narrow staircase led upwards into blackness, books and newspapers lined the right hand wall, a door on the left was highlighted by whatever light source burnt behind it, lazy yellow light seeped through the cracks around the door. The room was lit by several candles, some were guttering on the verge of extinguishing themselves, a fire had been burning, glowing red embers crackled towards death. Floor to ceiling bookshelves covered almost every bare inch of the walls, a dilapidated sofa seemed out of place next to the high backed armchair, though worn, the leather was of high quality, leaving just a small side table as the only other item of furniture. The carpet appeared filthy, on closer inspection it's just hideously patterned, clashing colours twist and overlap. On the side table was a large pile of books, their covers cracked with age, two bottles of wine lay discarded at the foot of the table, a half full bottle sat beside a glass brimming with a dark red liquid, a pale hand, shaking slightly reached for the glass, after a moment a tiny slurping sound could be heard and the glass was replaced, less one mouthful. The occupant of the chair glared at the clock as if waiting for something, the glow of the fire gave his face a haunted look, deep shadows ring each eye, they were bloodshot and puffy, his skin looked sallow and dirty, his hair hung in curtains, lank and greasy. He swayed slightly, even sitting down, the excessive consumption of alcohol was clearly affecting him, despite his dishevelled appearance, his eyes burned bright, sharp and inquisitive and showing no sign of alcoholic excess. His robes were black and crumpled as if they'd been slept in. He steepled his fingers across his chest and his eyes fluttered closed, after a few minutes he rubbed them vigorously as if they were causing him a degree of irritation, sighing loudly he reached for the glass on the table, the hand was much steadier this time around. Back on the bank of the river, just under the cover of a bridge, a loud pop echoed in the quiet, a scavenging animal, larger than a cat, probably a fox, startled at the sound and ran for safety, a figure stepped out from the shadows and climbed up the grassy bank to better orientate themselves. Creatively cursing all the while, a small section of chain link fence was blasted unceremoniously out of the way, the chain links hung limp, some clattered to the ground as the black robed figure swept through the break and instinctively sought out the shadows, they crossed the cracked concrete yard and strode purposefully in the direction of the rows of houses. Progress was fast, unimpeded, the figure showed no sign of slowing, melting effortlessly from shadow to shadow and passing between the rows at each break, a cat jumped in front of them hissing it's displeasure, a sharp boot found it's mark and sent the creature howling into the darkness. Crossing the final street and passing between two rusted iron posts that once held a gate, the familiar sensation of walking through an invisible barrier made the hairs on the back of