"This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time." ~Chuck Palahniuk Blood pounded in her ears as she reached out and gripped the railing, flipping herself under, then on top, then over. Muscles screamed as she flew down the baluster adjoined to the stone steps leading down to the expanse of concrete below. Upon reaching the foot of the railing, the petite woman took one mighty leap and landed deftly on the edge of the concrete half-wall erected around a modern statue elevated from the square. Perched precariously on the edge of the platform, she wobbled dramatically for half a moment as she caught her breath- exhalations becoming vapor in the crisp December air- and quirked her lips as she sensed a collective gasp from the onlookers around her. Gathering her strength, she completed her run by launching herself upwards and into a backflip onto the ground, feeling the sudden shock of hard concrete reverberate through her legs as she touched down. The onlookers, likely tourists by the look of them, exploded into applause as she smiled demurely at them, untying her bandana to mop unceremoniously at the sheen of sweat that shone on her face. The woman squinted, raising a hand to shield her eyes as she peered up the 30-stair staircase she had just descended via railing. She caught a glimpse of her friend, Erik, having recorded her stunt with her own smartphone. He waved at her, giving her a thumbs-up as he galloped down the stone steps, taking two at a time. She cringed as he stopped once to fumble with the phone, nearly dropping it in his haste. "That was sick, Kaz!" he exclaimed, gasping for breath as he ran up to her. He tried his hardest to conceal his panting, but his breath was obvious in the winter air. "See?" Kaz peered over his shoulder as he replayed her latest feat on the phone, watching herself lope down the railing from behind; foot-over-foot as she utilized her momentum to launch herself nearly ten feet onto the thigh-high concrete structure encircling one of the many pieces of modern art decorating the park. She grinned as the video portrayed the group of tourists sitting on the concrete half-wall start in surprise, edging back from her. They eyed her as she readied her backflip, mouths falling open in consecutive shock as she doubled back through the air, landing on the group with a loud thud . The phone had picked up their cheering in a burst of static-y noise, and Kaz glanced up to see that the group of tourists were still sneaking glances at the two of them and whispering excitedly to one another behind gloved hands. Unwilling to wait until one of them grew bold and approached the two, she snatched up a handful of Erik's hoodie, tugging him along as he fussed with the phone. "I wish this thing had a zoom feature, I could've gotten a better shot of your flip," he lamented. "It does have a zoom feature, I think," she responded, releasing him as soon as she felt they were a safe distance away. Though Millennium Park made for a good site to practice parkour, it was mostly always infested with tourists. More than once she had found herself stopping short of a run, having to stop as people swarmed her route. More than once she had been approached by enthusiasts who wanted to chat her up or give her money-mistaking her for a street performer-and most of the time Kaz just waved them away, awkward and embarrassed. She felt strange taking money from strangers, despite Erik's cajoling. Though a little extra money here or there definitely wouldn't hurt, that wasn't why she did what she did. Erik furrowed his dark brows in confusion, "What? Where?" "Ah, I'll show you later," she replied, plucking her phone from his grasp, "I think that last video was the best anyway, it doesn't matter. Let's go fetch your brothers." "Yeah, you're right," Erik agreed, shoving his hands into the front pocket of his pullover, "It's getting late anyway." He fell into step beside Kaz, swaying a bit and bumping into her shoulder affectionately. Although she had caught his movement from the corner of her eye and had steeled herself against it, Kaz stumbled a bit despite herself, nearly ending up over the street curb. Erik burst out laughing. After all, Erik stood as nearly a foot taller than her despite being several years younger than her. He had dark skin and dark hair with a thin face and long, angular features. Though only 18 years to her 22, he looked as though he easily surpassed her in age. However, if one knew Erik DeFour at all, they would know that that was definitely not the case. In reality, he was thin and bony; all elbows and knees with the awkward clumsiness of a boy who hadn't quite caught up with the rest of his body. Despite this, he still loomed over her short, compact stature. Kaz, or Klara Arlene Zachary, was a gymnast at heart… and shaped like one too. At only 5 feet, 3 inches tall Kaz adored her muscular legs and arms and flat belly. However, much to her dismay, Kaz's cup size and height wasn't exactly impressive. When wearing hoodies and other loose clothing she is often mistaken for a boy and has been called a myriad of names, ranging from pixie, smurf, shrimp, midget, you name it. High school had been exhausting. She shoved the giggling Erik. "You're not as cute as you think you are," Kaz huffed, pretending to be more annoyed than she felt. Kaz had babysat her neighbors, the DeFour family of boys for years; they were entitled to some allowances. The two fell into an easy silence as they walked the streets; Erik pulled out his phone to absently play Candy Crush or something while Kaz purposely caught glimpses of herself in the shop windows. One of her coworkers had dyed her hair after work yesterday and the bright pink was a shock every time her reflection appeared. She absently wondered what her dad would think, smiling as she envisioned the stunned look on his face. He wouldn't freak out though… perhaps scold her some for not keeping up a "professional" appearance… but he wouldn't make her change it. "So, why'd you decide to change your hair, anyway?" Erik asked suddenly, "It looked good brown." "…Not that it doesn't look good now ," he added hastily as she fixed him with a pointed look. Kaz sighed, pulling the hood of her jacket up to cover her hair. Erik immediately looked guilty. "Something different, I guess," she shrugged, returning her gaze to her reflection in the shop windows. In reality she was looking for something to differentiate herself from the other female parkourists in Chicago. The local group was in the process of shooting videos for their website, and Kaz longed to be one of the featured female athletes on the site. For the past week she had been meeting Erik outside of the high school to practice. He was finishing up his senior year and, because the smarty pants had fulfilled most of his credits to graduate already, was able to leave the campus at around two hours early. Erik, bless him, was more than willing to follow her around with her phone camera with more enthusiasm than necessary. That left Kaz with a couple of hours to bounce off buildings and other city structures before she and Erik had to pick up Erik's younger brothers from the elementary and high school. Erik was fidgeting with his phone and stealing glances at her sideways, obviously concerned he had offended Kaz. She decided to take pity on him and fixed him with a cheeky grin. "Thanks goober. I look just like Pink now, don't I?" Erik snorted, but wisely kept the smartass retort Kaz could see on his face to himself. "Totally," he said instead, a toothy grin splitting his face wide, "Nailed it." After a couple more blocks, the pair plunked themselves down on a bench in front of the elementary school. After a bit, Erik had his legs splayed wide, feet planted flush to the concrete. He tapped his phone to the beat belting from his earbuds with his eyes closed, head nodding and singing softly under his breath. Kaz sat next to him, legs crossed, scrolling through her phone absent-mindedly. The puffs of her breath fogged the screen and she drew her scarf closer to her body, wrapping her four naked fingers in its cable knit fabric. She had doctored one of her dad's old aquatic gloves into a makeshift pair of parkour gloves by slicing off the fabric at the knuckle on the fore and middle fingers. Kaz often wished the grip was stickier to suit her needs, but she didn't have the money to afford a proper pair and the constant grabbing of rough surfaces had begun to tear her hands to shreds. A blurry strand of pink caught her eye and she caught and rolled the strand between two fingers, staring cross-eyed at the chunk of hair. Kaz finally decided she liked it. She knew that her pieced, pixie-style haircut coupled with the hair dye threatened to make her out to look even more like Tinkerbell's punkish cousin—but in truth, she liked it. Kaz liked to stand out, to do something different. It seemed that, since high school, each and every day had slowly become a route mantra of work, the DeFour boys, and home. She couldn't afford proper gymnastic classes as she had in the past, but parkour kept her strong… kept her active… kept her different… but, most importantly, kept her sane. Things like the pink hair were just candy. Kaz glanced up as the shrill squeals and cries of children filled the air. A barrage of wriggling children burst forth from the double doors right as the bell buzzed to signify dismissal. Kaz poked Erik on his bobbing head before standing, craning her head to scan the sea of faces. "There he is," stated Erik from beside her, taking out one of his earbuds. Kaz followed his gaze and spotted Marcus, Erik's 8-year-old little brother. He was looking around, his scarf flying as he rushed in circles searching for them. "Hey booger!" Kaz shouted. She may be little, but her voice carried and she knew it. Marcus whirled around, smiling huge and making a dash for them. "Ha ha, you answered to booger, booger ," Erik teased. "Shut up!" Marcus hollered, his grin unfaltering as he lashed out at his older brother's shin. Erik just danced away from him, laughing and deflecting his shots with his feet. Kaz rolled her eyes, squinting across the street at the middle school. It was adjacent to and blocked the view of the high school from their position. She caught a glimpse of Erik's middle brother, Jay, making his way across the expanse of lawn separating the two schools. Kaz broke into a smile and waved at the Jay-shaped figure, which waved back. Erik's brothers looked as though someone had made cookie-cutter copies of Erik but had assigned them different ages. Jay, at 16 years old, had long since been taller than Kaz by a couple of inches. Though it was inevitable, Kaz was just a little miffed the day she realized this. She knew that Marcus wasn't far behind, either. When Erik's middle-brother approached, he greeted them with a smile before immediately zeroing in on Kaz. "Klara," Jay said, brow furrowing as he stared at her. Jay was the only one of the three that called her by her proper name. "What happened to your hair?" Kaz sighed as Marcus immediately stopped attacking his brother to parrot his older brother and nag insistently about her hair. Busted. She lowered the hood of her jacket slowly for dramatic effect, smirking