AN: I DO NOT OWN THE HARRY POTTER SERIES AND ADDMITTEDLY THE CHARACTERS YOU ALL KNOW AND LOVE ARE A BIT OOC BUT THEY ARENT THE MAIN CHARACTERS HERE ARE THEY :) PLEASE READ AND ENJOY AND PLEASE REVIEW EITHER GOOD OR BAD AND TELL ME ANYTHING I NEED TO WORK ON ELSE ILL NEVER KNOW Rose didn't smile. That was just how she was. She didn't smile, she didn't grin, she rarely laughed and when she did she covered her face and the laugh was nearly silent. As far as Rose was concerned there was nothing to be happy about. She had been brought to the wizarding world six years ago from the orphanage she had lived in her whole life until then. She had never known her parents, never knew her family and never made any friends until she came to Hogwarts. She had always been good at seeing things other couldn't, like when she wasn't wanted or when someone wanted one of the other kids. When McGonagall had come to her she had never been so surprised or so scared. She had never known magic, or so she thought until she had been told that all the accidents that had happened throughout the years were indeed magic. And then, even when she was glad to finally accept it, she still didn't smile. The day she stepped onto Platform 9 3/4 her life changed forever. She was wandering aimlessly around the train station, looking desperately for the elusive platform 9 ¾ when she suddenly heard a quiet whisper from a ridiculously huge family about such a place and when she turned to ask she watched in amazement as they ran into a pillar and disappeared. Blinking in surprise she walked cautiously up to the pillar and reached out to touch it only to find that when she did her hand sunk right on in. Startled, she pulled away quickly. Then, curiously, she reached back out and with it, so as not to lose her courage, she stepped into the pillar and found herself in a world entirely new than she had ever known before. Gasping, she turned back to the pillar and then, seeing that it still looked like any other pillar, she spun back around, gaping at the people around her. Some where dressed rather strangely, with long flowing but beautiful robes of varying colors and some children held owls in cages or cats or toads and some carried brooms that looks nothing like the ordinary brooms she swept with at the orphanage, and they all held long sticks similar to hers that she had been given merely two weeks before when the professor had brought the strange looking fellow to her room with a great assortment of boxes. She was so immersed in looking around that she completely corgot that she was still standing in front of the pillar and so was quite startled when someone suddenly fell on top of her. "Ooph! Ouch! What in the bloody-" Whoever it was that had landed atop her was cut short, "Scorpius, language dear." Rose peered out from beneath the boy who was still trying to gather himself and his things and seemed to have forgotten he was on top of her until his mother came about. "Sorry mum." He looked down sheepishly and that was the moment he remembered why it was he had to watch his language in the first place. Turning red he hurried to stand and get up off her, even extending her his hand to help her up and trying his best to help her brush off without being rude. "Sorry, sorry, I'm a bloody clutz, its my fault honestly, sorry." He was speaking quietly and was quite red as he spoke and handed her back her things. "No no its all fine honestly, I was just surprised. It was my fault to be honest, I was looking around and forgot the pillar was magic. Ha ha." He looked at her in surprise, "So…. It wasn't my fault?" He seemed to be truly confused and still remained red as though he had been painted that color. She shook her head, "No it wasn't. It was all mine, sorry." The boy suddenly grinned and clumsily rearranged their book that he was still holding and reach out his hand to her "In that case, Scorpius Malfoy is my name. If you're any more of klutz than I, I figure we can be pretty good friends yeah?" Rose thought for a moment and considered the boy before her. He had a head of shockingly blonde hair that for a moment she had thought to be wihite with eyes that were a grey that reminded her remarkably of stormy skies. When he smiled those stormy grey eyes seemed to sparkle silver and his face took on this happy look as his mouth stretched wide in a grin and a dimple appeared on his left cheek. Something suddenly dawned on her and she held up a hand, "One moment please." She reached down to her back pulled out a pen (Soemthing that made Scorpius gape wide as he watched her write) and then quickly she stood again when she was done. She held the paper up to her face just beneath her nose and then stuck her other hand out to him to dshake his. "Rose. I'd be… happy to be your friend." Scorpius stared at her in surprise, mainly at the pen drawn smile upon the piece of parchement she held but grinned when she spoke. Nevertheless, something other than her fake smile bothered him. "Rose? No other name? Is it just Rose? Why did you do that thing with the parchment? Why don't you smile?" Rose's eyes grew wider and wider the more questions he asked. "Woah Scorpius, I can only answer so many questions!" She held up her hands to stop the flow of questions, "Yes I'm just Rose. I did that thing with the parchment because I neede to smile and…. I cant. I don't know why though the doctors say it migh have something to do with not having parents." Scorpius again gaped at Rose before again grinning widely and taking her hand, "Well, in that case, you've got to meet mine. Theyre nicer than people think, being part of the war and all." With that Rose's new friend pulled her into the crowd where he knew his parents had already gone and soon Rose found herself looking at none other than her first ever friends's parents. His father had blonde hair like him but not quite so white seeming and he had grey eyes colored more like steel than storm and he stood taller than his wife by a head. He was a rather beautiful man dressed in long flowing robes and stood out to her. His wife easily the most beautidul person she had ever laid eyes on with similar blonde hair and brilliant green eyes that shone like emeralds and her robes were of a similar color. Both of their faces looked stiff and cold that is until they saw their son which was when she saw their eyes soften and their shoulders droop just the slightest bit as they relaxed however shortly after their relaxation the mother's eyes widened comically. "Scorpius, darling, your robes!" She rushed over to him and quickly brushed off his robes and it was in that moment that she recognized Rose standing semi-awkwardly beside Scorpius not knowing what to do with the boy that was carelessly holding her hand. "Scorpius dear, who is this?" She asked not unkindly as she went from brushing off Scorpius to smiling at Rose. "Her name is Rose mum and she's clumsy too, she's in my year and she doesn't smile because she doesn't have any parents and mum! She said she'd be my friend!" Both girls looked at Scorpius in surprise his father merely smirked at his son in mild amusement. All his mother seemed to be able to say was just a simple "Oh" before turning to Rose again with a smile, "Its very nice to meet you Rose, dear. Scorpius doesn't really have very many friends, its nice to know that he has one to start out his first year at Hogwarts don't you think dear?" Rose eld up the piece of paper once more to serve as a smile, "Oh yes ma'am I do, he seems to be kind if a bit clumsy indeed and he talks a fair bit but I think it;d be nice to have a riend this year." The woman smiled and the man spoke suddenly, "My name is Draco Malfoy, Rose. My wife's is Astoria do you know who we are?" Rose stared at him curiously and a bit afraid "No sir. I haven't the faintest clue who you are except that you are Scorpius's parents. Sorry." She watched as all three of the Malfoys relaxed and smiled before the whistle blew, signaling that the train was about to leave. Draco nodded and extended his hand to her, "Its good to have you as Scorpius's friend Rose. I do hope to see you again." Quite unsure, Rose shook his hand with a nod and, before she knew what was happening, she was being enveloped in a hug by Mrs. Malfoy as she hugged her and Scorpius. Soon enough they were sitting on one of the compartments of the train waving at his parents as they passed. Rose sat down, feeling rather dizzy at the entire change so far but it was clear that Scorpius had no such problems obviously. "My father told me everything about his time at Hogwarts. Apparently there is a disappearing step that you have to look out for and the knight move around and there are ghosts and the bloody Bloody Baron likes to walk through you just to freak you out of your bloody knickers. And the professors, well honestly you never know about them…." He went on and on and the more he spoke the more she relaxed until she was merely sitting, staring out the window of the compartment watching the landscape fly by. Scorpius didn't even seem to notice much or even really care though eventually he joined her in her silence looking out the window. Soon door to their compartment flew open and there before them stood a very ruffled looking boy that looked about their age with wild black hair and bright green eyes looking very much like he had just escaped from a horde of lions that had been hoping to sink their teeth into his flesh. "Oh." Was all he said when he saw them, his face falling slightly as he realized the compartment was occupied already by two strangers. "Sorry, didn't realize….." Rose stood to stop him, "Please, you can stay if you wish. Its just the two of us otherwise and it looks like you need a place to sit." It wasn't until she looked at Scorpius to see if it was indeed alright with him that she noticed their stiffness. "Do… Do you two know each other? Perhaps?" the two boys looked at her in surprise before Scorpius seemed to understand. "She's new Potter, doesn't know about us or anything." The boy, Albus, nodded stiffly and turned to Rose. "We- we don't get along, our families. We were raised to hae each other you see." "So?" Both boys gaped at her in wonder as she merely stared at them stubbornly, "I don't know either of you and I still wouldn't mind being your friend. I don't know your families but I don't see the point in hating someone just because everyone else in your family hates theirs." She could practically see the exact moment that they decided to agree with her. Albus extended his hand to her, "Albus Potter, sorry for before…" "Rose." A sad look passed before Al's eyes for the fraction of a second