Lately they seemed to get more and more awkward around each other. She doesn't know if Percy feels the same, but she certainly notices it. For example: When they head in for the night nothing is wrong. They talk and reassure each other that the nightmares are just nightmares and can't get to them. It works sometimes and they get there well-earned sleep. But other times one of them wakes up, dreaded in sweat and reliving their past. In those moments they both feel most connected. They both know the nightmares, they both understand the feelings and the fears. But sometimes Annabeth wakes up in the middle of the night, not because of a nightmare but because of another problem. She feels the cramps in her stomach and knows she has to get up. Those moments she feels the most distant from Percy, as if that part of her life, the part of her that goes to puberty, has nothing to do with their relationship and needs to stay in the shadows. Percy doesn't seemed to bother: when she crawls back in bed he just puts his arm around her and falls asleep again. The problem is, it bothers her. She feels ashamed of it and she feels she can't talk about it with Percy. So after the cramps and the blood lost got more and more, she went to a doctor, which felt weird because it was so normal. It was normal to go to the doctor, yet she never went. It wasn't part of her life. But instead of Percy, Sally helped her: she arranged the appointed and brought her to the doctor's office. She received a prescription and was now officially on the pill. Yet even something as basic as that was hard to talk about with Percy. She never got herself to bring it up, and he never asked about it. But that could also be because he really has no idea how a woman's body works. But she knows how a man's body works, and that knowledge is proven by the fact that she sometimes wakes up in the morning with Percy's back towards her. When before they always woke up hugging. And sometimes when she kisses him or they just touch knees or something, he stiffens and pulls back. And if these signs don't prove it yet: she can sometimes definitely feel and even see it. She feels that these little bumps in the road slowly drift them apart. But finding a way to talk about it hard. The blood and gore in the movie brings her back. She sitting in the corner of the couch in the apartment of Sally and Paul. Her knees are pulled up and leaning against her with his arm around her is her boyfriend, aka: Percy. The look on his face is pure concentration, as he watches one of the final scenes of the movie. There is another scream from some of-camera character and more fake blood is spilled on the lens. She closes her eyes and drops her head back. "All these movies are the same Percy: In the end the underdog wins. They just keep adding more blood and gore." Percy keeps his concentrated face and doesn't look away from the movie. "The what?" Percy was so focused, she decides not giving him a lecture about the knowledge of common words. Instead she crawls closer to him. Percy radiated warmth and it felt nice to be so close. Maybe now was a good time to bring her thoughts up. "Your hair is tickling me." She snuggled closer. "You want me to go away?" He wrapped his free arm around her waist and hugged her tight. "Nahh, I'm good." A smile crept on her face and she tried to hide it in his neck. She could feel his heart beat through her lips. Curiosity took hold of her and she wondered if she could speed up his heart rate. She lightly put her lips on his neck, slowly going upwards. Annabeth didn't like to admit it, but this was slightly turning her on. Percy himself may have realised his body changed, but she surely noticed it too. His shoulders had grown broader, and the muscles under his shirt grew definer by the day. And his back, oh… he could kill her with that. And especially his lower back. Ever since that curse she found herself drawn towards it. He had only told her were his Achilles heel was and it had made there bond stronger. Now it was a major attraction point for her. But also his shoulder blades were attracting her, whether he's sword playing or skate boarding, they are always there, calling for her touch. His arms, they've also grown quite strong, he can do a push up with her on his back, something he liked to show her often. But she enjoys his arms more when they are wrapped around her, letting her dive into his scent and form herself to his body. His jawline had gotten sharper with age and she imagined herself slightly touching it, letting her fingers trace the curves. On his cheeks he had grown a slight stubble that he tried to shave one time. That had turned out dramatically so Annabeth was now in charge of the razor. She had no problem with that, it gave her another opportunity to be close to his lips. And oh, were they amazing…. "What are you doing?" Percy aksked laughing. Annabeth pulled back, looking at the place where she just had her lips. She was so drown in her own thoughts she hadn't realised she was making a hickey. "Sorry," She touched the spot with her fingers "I got lost for a second." "Is my neck that distracting?" He gave her a big grin, as if that was his best remark ever. "Oww, shut up." She said laughing and pushed his head away. "I was just thinking," "About me?" "Percy…" she gave him her stern look, which always made him nervous. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry." He turned his upper body around so he faced her and looked at her serious. "What were you thinking about?" She wanted to tell him what was bothering her, what had been bothering her for a long time now. This was the perfect moment, she had his full undivided attention. The movie was having an emotional moment and Percy had lost interest, her kisses of course had also done their part. She could tell him about her, about what her body was going through and how embarrassed she was about it. They could discus other obstacles too, talk about his changes, his feelings and his needs. She looked into his sea green eyes and lost her willpower: No, she didn't have to bother him with her insecurity's or her low self-esteem. They were her problems and she needed to fix them herself. "I was thinking about how long this movie going to last, cause I'm getting tired." And if on que she unintentionally yawned. "Oww," he sounded a bit disappointed. Maybe she should have brought it up. Was he expecting her to talk about it? Had it been bothering him too? "What did you think I thought about then?" She asked trying to hide her enthusiasm and curiosity. "Well…" His lips suddenly turned into a big smile. "Not about 'How to train your dragon' again?" She exclaimed rolling her eyes. "It's a cool movie!" "Percy!" She had to laugh. "I know you think it's a cool movie. I, on the other hand, am starting to hate it: we've seen it ten times already and you can't stop talking about it!" "Okay, but-" "Yeah, I know: 'And part two is just as awesome as part one'" She imitated his voice, which was pretty low, and tried to sound dumb. He laughed. "I don't sound like that!" "Yeah you do! 'I can't wait to see Finding Dory!'" She imitated his voice again. He grunted and buried his face in her neck. "No! Stop that" She half-heartily pushed him away but he wouldn't budge. He started kissing the crease of her neck and she grabbed his shirt with both hands, pulling him closer. She was feeling too much, she was getting in to this way too much. She was using Percy now to feed her own needs and she felt guilty because of it. On the other hand: she knew Percy could pull back any second now. So she had to enjoy while it last, right? But he didn't pull back: the hand that was around her shoulder not a moment ago was no making its way towards her neck, leaving goose bumps in its wake. He cupped the back of her neck, running his thumb up and down and pulling her closer towards his lips, who were now in full action. His other hand went down towards her thigh. She could feel the heat of his hands through her clothes and she now wished she'd put on a thinner fabric. He softly squeezed her leg and she couldn't hold it any longer. She cupped his cheeks with both hands and pulled his head up, levelling their eyes. She didn't wait for his reaction and immediately went for his lips. They were soft, wet and swollen indicating he was excited. Her own lips were probably the same as she parted them, letting her thong slide along them and inviting Percy. He eagerly complied and opened his mouth to her. They kept pulling each other closer, Annabeth by twining her fingers in his hair and Percy by pinching her thigh and her neck. Annabeth moved in a more comfortable position and tried to get on top of him. Percy immediately let out a high pitch sound- that strongly sounded like a dolphin- against her lips. She pulled back and raised her eyebrows. "What's wrong?" He still had his eyes closed but his lips were pressed together and his eyebrows were scrunched up. He released her thigh and pointed downwards. She followed his finger and saw that her knee was pressing into a very painful place. She immediately lifted her knee. "Sorry." She said seductively in his ear. At least she tried to, she didn't really know how to sound seductive. So she just kept her voice low and softly touched his ear. When he didn't respond, she started kissed his jaw and slowly let her hand on his chest trail downwards. When she reached his belly button he let out a soft moan, as if holding it in. She smiled against his jaw and continued down with her hand. "Ughum..." Percy suddenly coughed, removed her hands and jumped up. Annabeth was left on the couch feeling empty. "Um… so yeah…" He started and let his hand go through his hair, making it even messier than Annabeth had left it. He looked nervous. "Are you okay? "Yeah… I mean… yeah I'm good, how are you?" "What's wrong?" "No, nothing. Nothing is wrong." He now looked even more nervous and got a reddish tint on his cheeks. This was exactly what happened every time: they would get more in to it. She would come closer, or he would. She would finally feel complete because this, this was what she needed. And then, suddenly, he would pull away leaving behind a very frustrated Annabeth, exactly what just now happened. "Percy, you have to talk to me! What did I do?" "You didn't do anything… at all" He reassured her. He didn't seem very certain of his own case what made Annabeth feel even angrier. "Just tell me!" Percy, in the meantime, waved his hands in a frantic way trying to get his thoughts to come out normal through his mouth. This was not good, this kind of pressure was not making it any easier on him. How on the Gods green earth could he explain to her what kind of fire she'd started? Her