Revert Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or the characters - just the plot bunny. Never done Harry Potter fanfiction before, and I'm aware it's an extremely beloved canon, so please do be gentle. Hope I don't get anything wrong! Would just like to say before I start that I am very much aware that this isn't the first time someone's had this idea - hopefully I'm not stepping on anyone's toes with this fic. I've seen similar themes and ideas across the board - this is just my take on it. Intro: Six months after the Battle of Hogwarts, Draco Malfoy is in serious trouble. He's on the run from the Ministry, what remains of the Death Eaters, and a deadly curse which is eating him alive. When he hits rock bottom, a change in fortune lands him in 12 Grimmauld Place under the Ministry's custody - and forces Hermione to remember the secrets they've both been keeping for four years. Dramione fic set post-war with flashbacks to Hogwarts, much limp, angst and bad language. Then Fourth Year For weeks afterwards, he had no idea why he did it. The Quidditch World Cup had been a tense affair, to say the least. His mother had spent the entire time trying desperately to pretend that they were all on a happy little family holiday while his father wallowed in a sullen, grim-faced silence. They were so at odds that every excursion, every meal, every interaction, ended up with harsh words being snapped across the table. He watched his mother's trembling hands as she tried to pour wine for them on the night of the victory, attempting to communicate silently with his father with wide, meaningful eyes. His father sat slouched in the plush chair beside the table in their tent, swirling his wine in one hand, the other wrapped around his cane. The cold plane of his face offered nothing in return to Narcissa's attempts at starting a conversation. Draco sat between them with his own wine cradled in his lap, listening to his mother's anxious chatter. He doubted she even cared about the match she was currently trying to discuss. She had been trying to fill the silence for a solid fifteen minutes now. He nodded along when she directed question at him, answered briefly, but his father's sour temperament dampened the mood. He'd seen him talking with a man he vaguely recognised – Karkaroff, he might have heard – and who looked extremely concerned. Ever since the air had been apprehensive. He wanted to go and find Theodore Nott – he knew him vaguely from Hogwarts and their fathers had excitedly introduced them to one another before the World Cup game. Ralph Nott was an elderly, balding, somewhat unimpressive man who was clearly desperately trying to improve his social status; Draco hadn't seen anyone suck up to his father that much since their old house elf disappeared. But Theodore seemed alright and, more to the point, he had firewhiskey stashed under his bed. Which made him a much more interesting candidate for spending the night with. He waited at least until he had finished his wine before rising to his feet, setting down his glass on the low table. His mother looked up expectantly, raising an eyebrow in a wordless question. "I'm going to find some friends," he explained, straightening his shirt and blazer. "I think other people are celebrating." He hadn't meant it to come out as insolent as it did, and his father's eyes narrowed warningly as they lifted to fix on him. "You're not going out tonight." Draco's eyebrows leapt upwards. He looked quickly at his mother, who had remained decisively silent. "Why?" His father gulped the last of his wine down and set it down, reached for the bottle to re-fill it. "We're staying in." " You might be." "Draco." When he was younger, the tone alone would have shut him up. Now, he wasn't quite as meek. He appealed to his mother, his brow furrowing in confusion and anger. "I'm not just going to sit here all night. I'm not a child." "Draco…" Narcissa's face was twisted with uncertainty. "We've heard… well, it's supposed to get a little rowdy tonight." "Rowdy?" "You're not going out, so you might as well sit down," his father said shortly. Draco's temper spiked and he turned on his heel and headed off towards the front of the tent. He heard a slightly sizzle and then flinched as a jet of light shot past him – the tent flaps solidified, locked shut, and Draco whirled around to find his father slotting his wand back into his cane. "What are you doing?" he demanded, his voice rising. "What, you're going to lock me in?" His father picked up his wine glass once more, his gaze directed coolly at the tent wall. "Don't shout." "Why, are you going to silencio me?" His father's hand moved to his cane, and Narcissa's flung out to stop him. She was sitting up very straight, her face tight, her hand clasped over the top of the cane to prevent the wand from being drawn. "Draco," she said, her voice level, "we've heard there's going to be some trouble. We don't want you getting caught up in anything." "Fine, I won't join any cults," he said coldly, unable to reign in his anger. "But I'm not just sitting here all night like an idiot." He saw something flash between them, saw hesitation on his mother's face. His father's eyes darkened considerably. Narcissa rose to her feet and made her way across the tent towards him. He could see that she was about to offer an olive branch, and he remained quiet until she reached him. "I won't go far." "Where are you going?" "Nott's," he answered quickly. "His tent is literally three down from ours." "And what's he planning on doing?" "I don't know, just sit and have a few drinks." "He's not going out anywhere?" "No – I don't know – if he is I won't go. Ok?" He held her gaze, imploring her, and he could see he had won. Perhaps because she knew as well as he did that he hadn't been out for most of the summer. He'd made a few half-hearted efforts to meet up with Parkinson and Crabbe and Goyle, but he'd never really enjoyed their company as much as preferred it to solitude at Hogwarts. And Zabini was in France for the summer with his family, eliminating that option. He knew she hated seeing him slouch around the house by himself, and after another moment's hesitation she nodded. "Alright. So you'll go to Nott's, and you'll come back here by midnight." He opened his mouth to argue, but he could almost hear his father seething in the background, and he knew better than to push his luck. His mother retrieved her wand from the folds of her dress and flicked it at the tent flaps, returning them to their previous state. "Be careful," she said as he turned to go. "Stay out of… Well." He just nodded. He left before his father's stony silence erupted. Outside the air was fresh and smelled like firework smoke and food. He wove his way through the crowds, his boots sinking into the churned, muddy ground, pushing past groups of people, pulling a box of cigarettes from his pocket as he went. Somewhere nearby someone was projecting a massive dancing leprechaun into the air, which was tossing handfuls of gold down. As soon as it hit the ground it disintegrated, but some people tried to catch them anyway. He tapped out a cigarette and lit it with a wave of his wand, holding it gently between his teeth. Nott's tent really was only a few camps away, but he was relieved to see the other boy standing outside as he approached – he did not much fancy sitting down with Ralph Nott's red, earnest face. The other boy was about the same height as Draco but perhaps not as lithe-limbed and a little heavier set. His shoulders were constantly rounded, his head always looking downwards. He had slightly shaggy dark hair and a square face, a face which brightened considerably at the sight of Draco. He picked up a bag which sat at his feet and came to meet him. "Thought you weren't coming. I was about to head off." "Head off?" "Yeah." Nott shrugged sheepishly. "My Dad turns in pretty early." Draco shrugged, taking a long drag on his cigarette. Nott eyed it with interest, but Draco didn't bother offering one. He still wasn't entirely sure if he wanted to stay. He followed Nott's lead through the thick, laughing, singing, shouting crowds. "It's crazy here, huh?" Nott threw back over his shoulder. It seemed a fairly mundane statement, and Draco just nodded in response. He finished his cigarette and flicked it away into the mud, wrinkling his nose in distaste as a drunk witch shoved past him. He hoped that Nott was taking them somewhere with a little more space. They made their way through the thronging business of the main campsite, and he realised they were moving towards the forest. As they drew nearer to the treeline he picked out a fallen tree which had been sculpted into a bench. Draco frowned as Nott made a beeline for it and sat down, placing the bag on his knee. "Here?" he said, looking around. The bench looked wet. "Yeah," Nott said. "I know it's not inside – just Dad's at mine and… well, unless we can go to yours?" That was, obviously, not an option. And so, sighing, Draco brought out his wand and siphoned off some of the dampness on the bench before sitting down warily. Nott looked distinctly relieved and took out two glasses and a bottle from the bag on his lap. "What is it?" "Firewhiskey." "Yeah, I can see that," Draco smirked. "I mean what type?" Nott's face was blank. Rolling his eyes, Draco reached for the bottle and studied the label. He could almost sense Nott's nervousness, and couldn't help but feel somewhat empowered. He recognised the brand as an expensive one, and inferred at once that it was probably from Ralph Nott's private collection rather than Theodore's own pocket. That was fine – it meant a better quality drink for himself, although he wasn't about to take any rap for it. "Is it ok?" He nodded, passed it back. Nott poured it out for them – slopping far too much into the glass, Draco noticed – and then handed him a glass. "To the Irish, huh?" "Krum's team let him down," Draco replied ruefully. He frowned at the brown liquid before pointing his wand at it and conjuring a couple of sleek ice cubes, swirling them about a couple of times, and finally taking a leisurely sip. "I would never play with a team that shit backing me up." Nott agreed fervently, and they were able to relax into the easiness of talking about Quidditch. Quidditch was a great unifier, his father had always said. No matter what class, no matter what creed, everyone could bond over Quidditch. And, to his surprise, he found himself actually enjoying himself. Once he'd had a couple of firewhiskeys, Nott was far more interesting conversation. He was beginning to feel rather blurry when he noticed some commotion that was going on over at the main campsite – something that had been going on for some time, but which he only noticed when two girls a few years below him went sprinting past. The panic in their faces made him break off mid-sentence. "What's going on?" Nott, who had been listening to him ramble about Seekers, clearly also hadn't seemed to noticed the bustle. He blinked at him, and then looked past him at the campsite. His eyebrows lifted. "Oh, right. Looks like it's kicking off." "What's kicking off?" Nott