I don't own Harry Potter whatsoever A/N: I've decided to follow what many other authors here have done and show off my story ideas I have jumping around in my head and I am working on for future post. To let you know that these are all rough drafts mostly and not the final product. So in some there will be certain changes to come. Note, so of these may not have appeared on my story ideas section on my profile and there will be others that are on my profile, but not on this. Those will come later. Also most of these will be Harry/Hermione pairing, but there will be others too. Dumbledore's Awakening By: Sheltie Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore sat in his office. As Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and many other titles made him a very busy wizard. But right now he was contemplating what happened this past year with the Chamber of Secrets being opened. His thoughts then turned to Harry Potter. Harry once again showed that he wasn't like any other child his age. During his wandering thoughts a flash of flame appeared making the old wizard jump. "Who are you?" Dumbledore asked warily drawing his wand at the stranger. "I am you," the new arrival said as he took in his surrounds. Dumbledore looked at this duplicate and wondered if he was going senile or something. The other Dumbledore chuckled. "No, you're not going senile yet, but I've come to hopefully right the wrongs that will be made" the other Dumbledore said taking a seat. "What are you talking about?" Dumbledore asked curiously though keeping his wand on the stranger. Dumbledore had plans for Harry and so far they were going quite well. "I know what you're thinking, and I want to tell you to abandon your plans, because, if you don't things in the future will be terrible" the other Dumbledore said gravely. "Like what?" Dumbledore asked not believing anything this copy was saying. "You're an arrogant fool, you know" the other Dumbledore said frowning. Dumbledore looked shocked. "My first piece of advice is to not intervene in true love" the other Dumbledore said firmly. "What do you mean?" Dumbledore asked. "You've seen how Harry and Miss Granger act around one another and how Harry walked around blind while Miss Granger was petrified" the other Dumbledore said. Dumbledore nodded. "This is the markings of a love that will be as great as it will be powerful," the other Dumbledore said. "But I've already have things set for Miss Weasley" Dumbledore said in an almost whining tone. "That's a mistake, she'll never be able to reach Harry like Miss Granger does and you know it" the other Dumbledore said firmly. Dumbledore slouched and sighed, he knew that there was connection between Harry and Miss Granger, but was hoping that it was nothing more than friendship. "My next piece of advice to you is to tell Harry the prophecy and about your theories about the Horcruxes" the other Dumbledore said. "But he's far too young and deserves a childhood" Dumbledore reasoned. The other Dumbledore snorts at this. "What childhood? We took that away when we left him at his aunt and uncle's" the other Dumbledore said with venom. Dumbledore sighed at this. "Do the right thing and follow my advice, also get Harry out of the Dursleys and have him stay at Miss Granger's, where their bond can develop" the other Dumbledore said then he disappeared just as he appeared. After the other Dumbledore left Albus sat back and thought about all he's done and what his plans were. Little did he know that the other Dumbledore gave him insight of the horror that would happen if he followed his plans. Harry defeated Voldemort, but at the cost of losing Hermione he lost it then and became worse than Voldemort could ever be and when he found out about the manipulations to his life those responsible and alive suffered terribly as did the entire wizarding world. This shook Albus to his very soul and decided that a new plan was needed. His first step was to get Harry out of his relatives. /Scene Break/ Harry Potter leaned back on his bed thinking of his second year of Hogwarts with a pensive look on his face. He nearly lost his life again, but that didn't bother him nor the fact that Ginny almost lost hers though he was glad he saved her. His thoughts were on his bushy haired friend, Hermione Granger. His bushy haired friend that laid petrified on a hospital bed only a couple weeks ago. That image was burned into his mind and he couldn't shake it. That was his reason to destroy the basilisk and Riddle. To save Hermione. While he was thinking about this a knock on his door broke him out of it. Harry opened the door and found Dumbledore standing there. "Professor, what are you doing here?" Harry asked confused. "I'm here to take you, Harry" Dumbledore said simply. Harry's face lit up. "Really?" "Yes, and you'll never be coming back" Dumbledore said. Harry rushed and packed his stuff. "Where are we going to, the Burrow?" Harry asked as they left. "I was thinking you might like to stay with Miss Granger" Dumbledore said. "I would like that" Harry said smiling. Dumbledore watched as Harry packed his meager belongings into his trunk and then shrunk it down. He took out a deflated beach ball and told Harry to hold on to it and they both disappeared. /Scene Break/ They arrived in a big backyard with Harry landing on his butt. As he got up he looked around to see that this backyard looked nicer than the Dursleys. The sliding glass door opened and a high pitch squeal was heard before Harry was knocked down again. "Harry, what are you doing here?" Hermione asked with excitement in her voice. "He's here in hopes that you and your parents are willing to take him in for the summer" Dumbledore said to get the attention of the young brunette. "Oh that would be so great" Hermione said bouncing up and down with excitement. "Let's see what your parents think first before anything is decided" Dumbledore said as he led the way into the Granger house. Once inside Hermione got her parents in the living room and she took a seat next to Harry and held his hand. Dumbledore saw this and knew that the bond the two shared had increased rapidly in just a few short seconds. "Mr. and Mrs. Granger, I've made some mistakes in my life and I'm now trying to make amends to them. When Harry was fifteen months old I left him on the doorstep of his aunt's in hopes they would raise him like their own. My hopes were dashed with every report my spy I placed there sent which stated that Harry was treated horribly, but my ego was too grand to rectify this mistake until now" Dumbledore said. Harry was seething with rage, but a calming reassuring squeeze to his hand soothed him. "My first step to amend my actions is to hopefully have you take Harry in for the summer" Dumbledore said. The Grangers looked at one another then turned and saw how happy their daughter was and that made up their mind right there. "We'll do it, but what happens next summer?" Mrs. Granger asked curiously. "Well, I was hoping that you'd be willing to take him in as well then" Dumbledore said. Again the Grangers looked at one another and knew that this was a big decision. "We'll discuss it, but since we don't need to decide until next year, why don't we shelve that topic for now" Mr. Granger said. Dumbledore nodded he then took out Harry's shrunken trunk and enlarged it. "Very well, I'll leave you to your summer" Dumbledore said and with a pop he disappeared. Hermione rushed to her parents engulfing the two in a big hug. "Thank you so much" Hermione squealed. Harry watched this and smiled wistfully. "Oh Harry, this is going to be so great I have a whole list of things we can do" Hermione said exuberantly. "Whatever we do Hermione, I'll be happy with as long as I don't have to go back to the Dursleys" Harry said. "Come on, I'll show you to your room" Hermione said pulling and dragging the messy haired boy out of his seat and to the stairs with only enough time to go back and grab Harry's trunk. Her parents watched this with awe as they've never saw their daughter like this before and was quite fascinating to see. How could a boy do this to their well-mannered daughter? /Scene Break/ Harry was pulled until they reached the upstairs hallway. "This will be your room, it's next to mine" Hermione said smiling. "Hermione, this is too much, I don't deserve this" Harry said as he saw the room he'd be using. "Harry, you deserve this and so much more" Hermione said in her tone that meant it wasn't up for debate. "Harry, where did you sleep at your aunt's?" Mrs. Granger asked curiously she and Mr. Granger followed the two upstairs at a more moderate pace. Harry looked nervous and glanced at the Grangers than to Hermione, who gave him a nod that said that it was okay. "My bedroom is the smallest room in the house, but before that it was the cupboard under the stairs," Harry said looking down. Hermione looked shocked, even though she had a bit of an idea how he grew up. She gathered her best friend into a hug hoping it would erase the memories. The Grangers frowned at this and had a feeling that this wasn't the only mistreatment that the boy suffered. "What else Harry?" Mrs. Granger asked though she knew she wouldn't like the answer. "I cooked for them as soon as I could reach the stove, I never had a birthday card or present until I was eleven. I never even knew my name until I went to primary school; I was called freak or boy all my life. I never had any friends until Hogwarts. If anyone tried to, Dudley and his gang would threaten them. They also beat me up on a regular basis as did my uncle" Harry said keeping his head down feeling ashamed. Hermione squeezed him tighter as tears leaked from her eyes. Mrs. Granger looked at this young man amazed that he'd turn out like he did despite the environment that he grew up in. Mr. Granger was seething with rage; he hated anyone who abused children. "You don't have to worry Harry, you'll never have to return to those people ever again, I promise" Hermione whispered. Harry looked up at his best friend silently asking, 'really?' Hermione nodded. She had a stubborn and determined look on her face that Harry recognized instantly. It meant one thing, Hermione was now on a mission and nothing in heaven or hell would get in her way. "Yes, really Harry" Mr. Granger said giving the boy a smile. Harry wiped the tears from his eyes. /Scene Break/ Later that night after dinner Hermione decided to make a suggestion and wasn't going to take no for an answer. "Mom, dad I think we should take Harry out shopping tomorrow" Hermione said firmly. Mrs. Granger smiled while Mr. Granger grumbled at the suggestion of shopping. "That sounds like an excellent suggestion dear" Mrs. Granger said happily. "You don't have to do that I'm fine with what I have" Harry muttered keeping his head down. "Harry, you're getting some new clothes and there will be no arguments, got it?" Hermione said in her 'don't argue with me' tone. Harry looked up and saw the look on his best friend's face that meant that there was no negotiating on