Disclaimer: Let's think logically... If I were Suzanne Collins, I would be rewriting Mockingjay (editing that bit where Finnick dies) and relaxing on a golden beach in Waikiki. Obviously, that's not going to happen. The Hunger Games Trilogy belongs to Suzanne Collins. (Lucky duck!) Warning: Mature themes and some language (Chapters later on...) Chapter 1: Of Moonlight Encounters ~XXXXX~ Peeta Mellark was not her friend. He wasn't even her neighbor. He was the bane of her existence, the thorn in her side, the boy that haunted her dreams at night and lurked behind her every waking thought. Katniss hated him, and he hated her right back. But the connection between them was irrevocable. ~XXXXX~ Things would have been so much different if Katniss hadn't emerged through the woods at that late hour... but of course she hadn't known at the time the degree of which her life would change because of her stubbornness to keep up her hunting traditions- even without Gale at her side. It is entirely possible that if Katniss had known in advance how much her future would shift, she would have spun around right then and headed straight back into the comfort of the forest. Katniss had no idea what fate had in store for her; no notion of the pain and agony she and her loved ones would suffer, and hereafter the ecstasy of love that would occur in the future as a result of turning around that final corner of the familiar path she had trekked on countless times, then slipping under the chain linked fence that encircled her home. She had no intention of going back into the haven of the one place she could be herself, and face the memories of her past, memories of a happier time... Stop it, Katniss. She swayed her head back and forth sluggardly, as if trying to fend off the onslaught of acute nostalgia that had trapped her. If she had been paying more attention, if she had noticed the sound of a twig snapping underneath someone's shoe, the aftermath of that night would have been far lass drastic. Alas, it seems the odds were not in her favor. Katniss stealthily crept through the scruffy field dubbed the Meadow, a sense of uneasy foreboding racking her body. For some odd reason, she felt that queer feeling of being watched... What was that? She swiveled around swiftly- her game bag swinging onto her shoulder- and assessed her surroundings with a meticulous stare. She swore she heard someone snickering... She didn't feel safe out there in the open field; she wanted to quickly move out of there and sprint to her squat gray Seam house. One minute later, after fastidious searching, trying to discern the difference between the shadows and the tress, Katniss scoffed inwardly at her paranoia; she brushed off her jittery nerves and blamed the hallucination of laughter on sleep deprivation. She was having nightmares again, and they were keeping her wide awake; it was starting to worry her mother and Prim. Once she thought of her sweet and innocent little sister, a chain of memories and thoughts poured through her mind, making her momentarily forget the ominous laughing she had heard. Prim... roses... flowers... violets... Violet hill... Dammit! She had forgotten her picture! Katniss pivoted on the spot, her leather boots digging into the flower laced ground of the Meadow. She sprinted back into the woods, cursing inwardly at her carelessness. She would have to retrace her steps all the way back to Violet Hill! Not to mention the fact her mother and Prim were probably worried sick! Despite the obviously clear night- it was abundantly palpable that there was no possible chance it was going to rain- Katniss inexplicably felt uneasy when her photograph wasn't with her at all times. Even during school, or on hunting trips with Gale, she kept the decrepit, fragile portrait tucked deeply inside her pants pocket, hidden from the world and for her eyes alone. By that time, she had already wriggled under the feeble barrier and was less than fifty yards away from the obscured entrance to Violet Hill. Shortly afterwards her inner scolding, Katniss felt her thoughts drift away... Gale was spending more and more time distancing himself from her and the rest of their friends. Madge was particularly upset; she thought it was her fault that he had begun to pass the time with the limitless amount of dates he was acquiring. But Katniss had that niggling feeling in her gut that it wasn't Madge's fault at all- that the look Gale shot at her when he passed by her in the school hallways was more than just a lingering glance- that he was infuriated by something she had done. Or something that she hadn't done. Maybe she- Snap! Katniss reeled around at the abrupt, alarming sound of leaves crunching, signaling that someone was running towards her, fast. But before she could blink, before she could even think, that hard, rapid moving objet crashed into her side, knocking the very breath out of her body. Effectively driving her out of the moonlit trail she was treading on and into the dense foliage that was unquestionably difficult to see through. Ragged breaths blew against her, teasing the hairs resting on the nape of her neck. She shuddered in slight horror- reality dawning on her that she was concealed from the rest of the world, that no one could save her while she was coated in that darkness. Frantically, Katniss scrambled up from her sprawled position, trying to reach the outline of the trail she had left behind, to get into the path of moonlight... Hitched backwards, Katniss flailed helplessly in the air, desperate to grab on to something. Her natural instincts told her to flee, to run and never stop. She was defenseless against the strength of her attacker, her thin frame rendering her completely powerless. She was quick and agile- not made for hand to hand combat like this, not made for wrestling. A definite male hand clamped over her mouth, hard. She groped in the dark, searching for something she could use against him. It was a solid surface that was broad in all directions, and she slowly realized what she was groping. "Getting a little too excited, aren't we kitten?" His lazy, arrogant drawl was familiar, she had heard it before, perhaps from school... But she couldn't form a retort, his hand was still covering her mouth. Her game bag full of wild plants- she was planning on giving the herbs to her mother for medicines- was discarded behind her. He twisted Katniss underneath his hefty body, and tangled his legs with hers, all the while pinning her down on her back on the cool ground. She was thrashing beneath him, attempting to escape one more time before he could do anything else to her. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this... You really know how to drive a man wild. " He was intoxicated, and the stench of his breath made Katniss want to gag. She writhed in desperation on the ground, despair surrounding her on all sides. "It's just you and me kitten. You'll get what you want soon enough..." His fingers traced her cheeks almost delicately. "And if you don't keep quiet... I might have to bring the pain to your little sister too..." Katniss shook her head zealously, understanding what he was about to do her. She didn't want Prim to suffer from the same fate. She will have to quietly accept that her virginity was robbed from her in the vilest way... That the one gift she could give was about to be stolen. But she refused to accept it. She refused to believe this was going to happen to her. So when he released his hand from her mouth, she spat a wad of saliva into his face defiantly, her silver eyes flashing with defiance. Rage rolled off him in waves. He was literally shaking in his anger. "You will pay for that, whore." He grabbed a fistful of her unruly, dark hair and wrenched her skull backwards, twice, slamming it into the hard tree. The pain was indescribable. Fragments of light exploded before her eyes, followed by shards of darkness that clouded her vision. She tried her hardest to hold onto the world, while the world pulled away from her grip, disgusted. Excruciating agony pierced her mind. She felt the trickle of warm sticky blood dripping from her hair onto her slender neck. She became dizzy, and everything seemed to grow hazy and unrealistic around her; like she was swimming in a lake in slow motion. She barely registered what he was doing to her, but the fact that her first kiss was going to be this was not lost on her. He plummeted his mouth into hers, his tongue roughly shoving into hers. He licked at her lips sloppily, his hands lowering to her breast. All Katniss could feel was his hands moving above her, tugging, pulling, squeezing, groping, fondling while his hands were steadily lowering down to her core that was untouched- her clothes harshly beginning to be yanked off... Soon, she couldn't feel anything anymore. Katniss faintly realized her shirt were being torn off while his hands began to roam over her body... All she could think of was the first song her father had taught her. Her mother wanted her to learn of religion and prayers, but her father had the beautiful idea of combining both music and devotion. She had first learned the words in Violet Hill, around only three years of age. She could barely remember the words now... Come down, O love divine, Seek thou this soul of mine... His hands moved faster and everything became vague and unfocused. She couldn't even remember the rest of the hymn from her childhood. Tears of anguish and frustration leaked from her eyes, for she couldn't remember the words from one of her most memorable moments of her father. Why couldn't she remember? In a flash of lightning, the crushing weight was released from atop her and she gulped desperately for air, hands clutching her stomach to keep her from vomiting up her meal earlier in the woods. Trembling, Katniss rolled away from the tree her head collided with, all her resolve abandoning her. She leaned her back against the solid oak tree drowsily, her chest rising and falling in an upbeat tempo. She couldn't believe what could have been- what could have been taken from her that night. She couldn't move, she couldn't breathe, she couldn't even think. All she could do was replay the feel of his rough hands surrounding her, ensnaring her in his trap- "Why?" His voice ricocheted about her skull, making her breaths fitful and shallow. What was he doing here? Why did everything seem bent on destroying her? She could barely detect the sounds of pain and agony, and the rough, jarring sounds of a struggle between two boys. Then she could hear the almost inaudible sounds of people speaking, one voice rushed and nervous, the other intense and angry. She recognized both of them, maybe from trips into the merchant side of District 12, maybe from school, or perhaps the Hob. Yet, she couldn't place either of them... "I promise! I promise!" Cries of desperation echoed through the forest, next the sound of two feet pounding on the ground, retreating towards the direction of the chain linked fence. Lethargically, Katniss peered out from the thick foliage to assess what was happening. Then she closed her eyes, thinking they were playing tricks on her. Her legs buckled from underneath her, and she slid down the length of the tree and laid on he grass. Her thoughts became bleary and unfocused. What had happened to her again? What had she seen? Now she remembered. Slowly, she peeled her eyes open and one lone tear