Hi! So, let me start off by saying this is not an original idea. If you like Puck and Quinn from Glee , I wrote a story basically identical to this one called "and the history books forgot about us." This story is pretty much the same premise and all, just with different time periods and, of course, different characters. But yes, basically, I am unoriginal. I always wanted to expand on it and got many requests to do so, but I knew Quinn and Puck's version was done. So! I present you with this. Secondly, I will repeat I am not a history buff by any means. Most I've what I've learned comes from the American Girl dolls series and Rugrats. Lastly, Katniss is the biggest enigma to write, holy cannoli. Now, with all that in mind, enjoy! " All ages are beautiful and cruel, only love makes the difference." Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – 1753 It's fitting the story starts when he first comes to America. He still feels the rats, the dampness, the feverish hunger and thick anxiety crawling up his skin and through his veins, the sounds of children dying and mothers throwing them overboard and death, death, death. A freckle of sunlight cozies up next him, and he looks up, looks at the blue sky and the lemon sun for the first time in months, and when he glances back, he feels the wind knock out of him as he stares at a pair of sharp grey eyes, waiting at port and toying with the fabric of her uncorseted linen dress. Eyes that aren't looking him – not looking at anything really – but Peeta is looking. He's looking . Feels the weight of his world shift off its axis and start to revolve around her instead. His family starts their living by working at a bakery a few streets down from the port of Philadelphia. It's popular among the French with the butter loafs and raisin biscuits and wafers, and he becomes a reliable source of income because his father is starting to look sickly and his brothers already died on the voyage and his mother does not look at him anymore when he says her name. Grey Eyes comes into the shop a handful of times a month, trades fresh game for a couple of rolls. He feels a strange ticking in his blood when she's around. "Blacksmith, wheelwright, even a cabinetmaker for goodness's sake." His mother sits at her spinning wheel, weaving wool and complaints until he can't tell the difference. He leans closer towards the dull oil lamp and tries sounding out the words from his pamphlets. He pronounces them in different ways, tries to remember how the men said it out loud in the bakery, learns to make sense of the letters himself. "Wasting your time! Wretched child, all of our time!" his mother screeches. He honestly hasn't been here long enough to know what land belongs to the English and what belongs to the French and he hasn't even seen an Indian yet. He still can't read the pamphlets fully, but at least he can sound out the ingredients at the bakery instead of smelling them first. "What do I call you?" She whips her head around, one foot out the door, sunlight outlining her frame with her mouth a little a gap. "I've been calling you Grey Eyes," he confesses. Silence. He instantly regrets it – maybe should have asked where she gets the fresh game instead – and moves to rearrange some of the loaves to look like he wasn't affected, like this girl whose looks and mystery hasn't entranced him since the moment he stepped foot onto America. He's about to retreat for more flour when he hears, "Katniss." She doesn't smile, only nods a little in confirmation, and he notices some faded scratches on her forehead. He's about to speak, egg her on with more conversation, but she's already halfway out the door when she says, "I've been calling you the Boy with the Bread." So it's Katniss , or so she says, and his blood keeps ticking and he fits in this feeling where his pulse is caught somewhere between her and this new world. His father dies that night. "How do you do it?" They are out of the rolls she normally trades for, and when he offers a raisin loaf instead, she protests fervently. He tells her it will take awhile for him to make more, but she insists on waiting. After a moment, she says, "I hunt." "Is that right?" he asks, bemused. "Never met a lady who could." He backtracks quickly. "I mean – I meant – didn't mean offense, ma'am. I'm – well – I'm impressed." "Oh." She blinks. "Thank you." Her eyes stray, and she glances at the desk and notices one of his pamphlets. "You are interested in the dispute?" She looks at him quizzically. He motions his head towards the paper as he moves towards the oven. "Between the French and English?" "You can read?" He laughs shyly. "I'm learning." "But you can?" "A bit, yes." "Could you teach me?" He doesn't have the time for this, realistically he doesn't. His mother has confined herself to bed for no good reason, and he has the house to take care of. The chickens and the fences and the crops and the bakery. But it's awful, really, how quickly his thoughts abandon him whenever she licks her lips, like a swan migrating at the first sign of winter. She's there in the early mornings, before the bakery opens. He doesn't say anything. Increasingly, he realizes with Katniss, he doesn't need to. She has learned to fill the gaps in his sentences; silence that echos, reverberates, then fades. A-P-P-L-E. Apple. He learns she lives with the Lenape Indians, needs to learn to read English to help them. Excuse him – not lives with them, is one. Wild in her heart and in her blood. C-H-A-I-R. Chair. "My father was one," she reveals. Was , like how her Anglo mother was and her younger sister was . "Then who were you waiting for at port?" "What?" "I saw you when I first arrived. I noticed you first." S-O-N-G. Song. "I wasn't waiting for anyone." She lowers the parchment and looks at him. "I was mourning. For what you've lost and what you will lose." There's a moment, maybe the world stops, maybe it speeds up, but it's their moment as he cups her face with his hand and she hesitates – eyes ablaze – before she rests her cheek against his palm. He hovers only for a moment before using his lips to fill the space between them. L-O-V-E. Love. Scratch of a quill against parchment. She fiddles with the feathers. He notices things about her. She has skin tanned like bourbon and fine lips that speak wiser than most, she has a body, a slight frame of bones that he keeps his heart in. She takes him out to the forests only because he asks. But when he looks at her, he sees no Indian. No war paint or feathers or animal hides like in the pictures from back home. Just a girl with a bow too big for her body and scars too thick for her youth. Somewhere in the woods he draws her cheek to his, kisses the side of her face again and again, until the motion losses meaning. Until there's nothing in the world but her and him; the way it should be. He really is only just a boy, too. The Lenape are siding with the French. "Where they go, I go," she says fiercely. He would let her do anything she wanted if she'd just stay but she doesn't know that, and half the time, he doesn't know it either so they go along like this. Peeta doesn't know what she feels, how she feels, but he thinks she's different, much like he is. Feels a little more than others do. Because when he hurts, he really hurts. But when he loves. "The Boy with the Bread," she whispers, and then she's mouthing it, like a mantra to herself. (She doesn't not kiss him.) It happens without warning. She just doesn't come into the bakery anymore. He hears the sounds of cackling fire, customers walking in, ships coming to port, cannons firing in the distance. It is not his war, but it is his heart that is out there. He learns from word of mouth that the Lenape are switching alliances to the British. He refuses to leave the bakery, sleeps there if he has to, and waits for Katniss to come through the door any day now. The bridge he has drawn between them is sinking, and he feels like he's holding the water with just his bare hands. Years pass. His mother dies. He wonders if they shouldn't have come to America, if they should've just stayed home and avoided the New World, avoided war, and avoided death. Avoided Katniss (oh, he'll try , he just doesn't realize for how long). He's buried his whole family now. The war ends. She doesn't come back. But in darkest corner of his mind, he hears her calm, gentle laughter rippling through the wind. It's the one that scares him the most, the one he fears, the sound of her quiet detachment. But it shakes through him, like a chill of moonlight gliding across a lake. He takes it to his grave, cradles it with his hands until it rots away with him and blooms into a field of wild grass and dandelions. St. Louis, Missouri – 1835 They sit next to each other at common school, trotting corn and cabbage in their rusty lunch pails and reciting " A is for Apple, for Adam's Fall, B is for Book, the Holy Bible I do attend. " He never pulls on her pigtails because – well – give him a little credit. Then one day, she brings him home by the hand and tells her mother his parents are dying from influenza. She flies through the cabin door and holds down her dark green bonnet, a mess of chocolate curls spilling out from her braid. "Can we keep him?" she demands, and he sniffles. Peeta and his older brother survive, and Mrs. Everdeen just places a hand on their shoulders and scurries them inside her home. He has one hand clutching on a tattered blanket and another desperately reaching out for Katniss. They grow up together and into each other. As though anyone else even knows the meaning of a normal family, let alone the way it makes your blood pulse when you wrap fingers around each other's throats and hold tight. At night they sleep cheek to cheek and wake up with their hands red and sore and dented from how they have clutched each other. The nights find them thrashing side by side in their sheets, strangling their cries with their hands. They wake up smothered in their sheets, in their pillows, and in their skin. "Father," she calls from the table. It is spring, and the snow is thawing and rain is falling and the roads are unmovable. "What is a Yankee?" Peeta helps him adjust the logs in the fireplace. Mr. Everdeen kisses the top of his daughter's head and laughs. "Why, you are, my dear." "And you?" "And me as well." She points a sewing needle at Peeta. "And Peeta?" I am whatever you are, he thinks. They start young. Curious kids, intelligent but maybe not in a good way, and everyone always knew it would get them into trouble, but this isn't the sort they'd have guessed. He threw her in the pond one summer, all of fourteen years old, but she grew early and the white of her shirt clung to the pink curve of her skin and he