Hello! I'm back with a new short fic! this time is a couple i haven't even thought of until a few days ago when i started writing this chapter... I want to make something clear: This story is based on the first book, I mean, this fic changes after one imaginary lost scene in twilight after Edward safes Bella in port Angeles, the restaurant happened, but not what happened later after that, i have a doubt, the Jacob scene on La Push happened after or before Port Angeles? Second, Alice can't see the wolves, we all know that. So, the wolves in my fic have the element of surprise so to say... And third, My Bella won't be the same church mouse or the same shy girl with low self esteem, i will try to make her stronger, but with the same innocence and sweetness as Stepehenie made her. So, i think that's it for now...I hope you like this first and very long chapter!, i enjoyed writing it... DON'T FORGET TO REVIEW! PLEASE READ BELLOW SO YOU CAN UNDERSTAND A FEW THINGS AFTER YOU READ THE CHAPTER :) An unexpected change of events. Chapter 1: The dinner. After Edward saved her from those beings that tried to hurt her, they were spending more and more time together, they were officially a couple after that dinner that same horrible day. But Bella felt that there was something off, she liked Edward, a lot to be honest. He was kind, and chivalrous and sometimes pretty romantic. But then again, all those qualities weren't enough to soothe her conscience. Today, they were as usual on her house talking and spending time together. Bella was lost in her thoughts as Edward went on and on on his favorite topic: Religion. It wasn't a topic that was appealing to her, growing up with a mother that changed religions as she changed her underwear did something on her, though she believed in A God, she didn't exactly cared nor was specially interested in following a specific religion. She knew about religions but she didn't exactly follow one. She believed in good, in evil and in free will. She respected the ones who followed and believed in any religion, after all people have faith in what makes them feel better with themselves and the world around them. As always, when Edward spoke of religion, she concentrated her mind on other things and ignored him. It made her feel guilty because he was so kind when she spoke of any of the things she was interested in. The thing was, that Edward was always interested in deep topics such as Religion, the existing of the soul, metaphysics, and honestly she just wanted to think like a normal teenager. Yes, she liked sometimes to discuss with him about any of those deep topics, it was fun to do it some times, but not always. Edward's phone rang and brought her back to the earth. He spoke a little too fast for her to understand everything, but she understood enough to know that Alice asked for her and Edward answered her that they were on her house. The few minutes he was on the phone had him frowning. Bella wasn't worried but curious. -Everything ok? Edward still frowning forced a smile and nodded.-Yes. Alice was panicking a little because she couldn't see us for a few minutes, that's why she called.-Bella nodded. She didn't understood very well how Alice's visions worked no matter how many times she asked. She had a feeling that she would never understand. Edward opened his mouth to say something else but was interrupted by someone knocking impatiently on the front door. Bella looked at the clock and was horrified, her father would be home soon and she haven't started dinner. Edward read her face and took that as a cue to leave. As they walked to the door, Edward's nose wrinkled, the visitor stank. He said bye to her girlfriend with a kiss on her forehead and got a "see you tomorrow at school" as his answer. Were he been paying attention to her and not her visitor he would have found suspicious that answer. Jared on the other hand was trying hard not to let his surprise and disgust show in his face. Sam warned him about the leeches, but one thing is hearing about them and another one is seeing them face to face. Jared waited until the leech was far away on the driveway on his fancy car to turn to Chief Swan's daughter. Once he turned he couldn't face away. He had imprinted on her. Jared's wolf was purring with happiness, but Jared's human being wasn't that content with it. He smiled despite himself, his wolf was winning this sort of battle, and he knew he should surrender because there was no way he could win. He stretched his hand out to her -I'm Jared Cam. Bella took his hand and shook it, he was hot in every sense. His temperature was high (though, she didn't know if it was him or her mind comparing everything to Edward's temperature), he was obviously from the Quileute Rez, he had light brown hair, but his eyes were some sort of grey, and were surrounded by long eyelashes that would be the envy of every girl (including herself). -I'm Bella Swan.-She smiled finally. He had something in him, something ... terrenal she thought. It meant that there was something less mythical and more real in him, she didn't find the word in english but it came out to her in spanish. -Is the Chief home? I've got a message for him. -No. But he must be arriving sometime soon. You can come in if you want, or give me the message or come another time...-She was nervous. Why was she nervous? -If it's ok with you, i'd like to come in.-Bella smiled and stood aside to let him pass. Jared went in looking around, he liked what he saw. Everything was in place, the furniture had some dust in it which made it more welcoming if possible, a few pictures of Bella decorated the living room, pictures of Charlie alone, with Bella, with a huge fish, and with Billy and Harry. It was all in all very warming. Charlie clearly loved his daughter very much, and Bella loved him too, because she smiled when she opened the fridge and took the fish out. -That's a lot of fish you got in there.-said Jared surprised. Bella laughed and Jared's wolf purred with happiness.- It's Charlie's fault. He went fishing with Billy and Harry and came back with fish enough to feed an army. I'm almost running out of recipes to make each dish differently. Jared smiled.-My mom makes the best fish in the Rez. I can steal her secret recipe for you.-Bella giggled. -Won't your mom be mad? I wouldn't like you to get in trouble for stealing. -Nah. Mom loves me. A bit of charming here and there and i'll got everything I want.-Bella laughed harder this time. She realized she had laughed and smiled more times in half an hour than she had with Edward and his family. She liked them a lot, and was fond of them, but she wasn't completely happy. She sighed and both Jared and his wolf worried. -Everything alright? -Yeah...just thinking. Don't mind me too much.- Jared nodded but didn't stop worrying. She was sad and troubled and neither him nor his wolf liked it. He needed to talk to Sam ASAP. Half an hour later the chief walked into the kitchen smiling slightly when he caught his daughter cooking fish, the second thing or more accurately the second someone he saw was Jared Cam, from the Rez, Billy often spoke highly of him and Sam Uley. -Hey Jared, what brings you here, son? Jared stood respectfully and handed the Chief a set of keys that he took out of his pocket.- Billy Black sends this to you sir. He said you left it there last weekend. Charlie took the keys and hid his smile, this weren't his, that old man knew it. What was he planning?. Though, Charlie smiled and invited Jared to stay and eat. -I don't want to intrude Chief.- He declined eager to leave and talk to Sam and the elders, not that he needed their permission to speak out to his imprint, but he was in need of an advice and truth be told he was a little ashamed to talk to his dad right now. He would talk to him after he talks to Bella. -Nonsense, Bells makes the best fish in Washington.- Bella blushed and Jared's wolf whined in need. -Dad!- she complained with a smile. Charlie shrugged.-Jared you should stay, not that I want to compete with your mom, but this is almost ready and I wouldn't like to eat leftovers tomorrow.- Charlie smiled and Jared nodded, he wouldn't fight his imprint nor he would fight with her. At the end of the night, Bella was completely relaxed and had a light in her eyes that Charlie had never seen, she was happy, he realized. God thank for Billy. He hid his smile when he noticed the disappointment in his daughter's face when Jared said he had to leave. He said his goodbye from his spot on the couch and let her said her goodbyes at the door. -Thanks for bringing Charlie the keys, I don't know what they're for but i'm sure they might be important. -No problem at all Bella.- he said with a smile. He hesitated a little but asked anyway.- Hey, um...we have a bonfire tomorrow night at the Rez, and, I was wondering if you would like to go. It's fun actually. Billy, Harry and another elder tell stories about the natives and then we eat and have fun. Bella almost screamed in excitement, though she smiled.-I'd love to go. Where exactly on the rez? Jared didn't hide his excitement.-I can pick you up if you like. Around 8 is ok? - Bella nodded and Jared smiled wither. -Awesome. See you tomorrow- out of instinct he kissed her cheek, very, very close to her lips. As Bella came back into the house, Charlie turned the tv volume down, and laughed to himself when he saw her daughter. He didn't exactly like the idea of her dating or kissing boys, but he couldn't help but to be happy when she was happy, even if he didn't want her dating now or ever. When did she grow up? -You like him, don't you? Bella stared at her dad, and he saw sadness in there. Why was his little princess so sad?.- I have a boyfriend dad.-So that's why. Charlie shrugged.-You're not married to Edward, you can always break up with him. Bella realized that Charlie was right, vampire or no vampire, she wasn't committed to Edward in any way. Happier she said goodnight and went up to her room dialing Angela's number in the way. -Hi Bella! -Hey Angela. I need your help.-Bella sighed again and told her friend that she had met someone, and she really liked him and she really wanted to know him better. -So? What's stopping you?.- A minute of silence later Angela got it.- is it Edward? -I like Edward -Bella, you like him but your heart isn't in the relationship. We both know that you are not happy with him. You tried, but it didn't work out, is not a sin to break up with a boyfriend. And from what I hear in your voice you already know what to do, so why not do it?. -So, I'm not a horrible person for liking another boy while I have a boyfriend?- Angela laughed. -No, Bella. You're human, you make mistakes, you fall in love, why would you be a horrible person for being a tipical teenager? Live the life woman,