Twilight and its all characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. I want to thank my beta, i-kno-you-want-me, for doing a wonderful job. Please, tell me what you think. The Rising Sun 1. Children of the Desert The dawn is breaking upon the country of Kemet. The sun is rising; God Ra claiming the Earth once again, from the hands of the owner of the Moon – Thoth. Its first rays still gentle and slightly warm, yet already carrying the promise of heat during the day and a thread for any creature left on the desert by noon. But no one fears the sun in Nebit. The little temple lies just upon the shore of the life-giving Nile, its coasts always green and full of life. From the eastern shore, a narrow canal supplies the temple with fresh water. It took more than one summer and fifty men to build it. The workers were not slaves, even though none of them were paid; if you asked those who survived, they would probably just smile, tell you that the high priest offered them a chance to work for the God, smile again, bow, and leave. Some of them were left to work for the temple even after the canal was finished and create a small pond and a little island with a beautiful sandy beach in the middle of it. Flowers brought from all known countries were planted on the island and its other coast was left covered with fresh, green grass. The island was never meant to be inhabited with humans. Not for long, anyway. In the central part of the island, a god is lying. His eyes closed, his head resting on the grass, he enjoys the feeling of first rays of sun on his thick skin. He still feels a little bit sleepy and weak because of the former night's coldness and the fact that he still has not been given any food. Others of his kind can go for days without feeding, but he slowly gets angry. After all, gods are not suppose to starve. And Sebek, a four meter long living incarnation of a crocodile god yawns and dives into the water. He is not content with the fact that humans are too busy to remember their duties. Inside the temple, the servants of the great priest Nebi seem to disappear, to become invisible, to change into furniture and stay unnoticed. The third wife of the priest is giving birth to their first child. Rumor says, it is also going to be her last one. She is fragile, tiny and still closer to being a girl than a fully grown up woman; she may not be able to make it. Few workers can still remember what happened, when the priests first and second wife died. People are going to be blamed and God Sebek is going to enjoy his enlarged breakfast. Another rumor says Sebek loves the taste of children. A few young girls, who would normally help in the kitchen, were already sent home; their parents can only hope the master is to distracted to notice. The whole temple is completely quiet, too quiet, so quiet to the point it gets almost impossible to believe a woman gives birth in this place. It wasn't like this during the night, hours earlier; when the lady hired to help the young mistress Hebony with her first child was brought to the house. Everyone seemed to believe a miracle will happen and both the mother and the baby will survive it unharmed. The midwife had large, red hands, a face that shown signs of smallpox she probably went through in her childhood, a deep, husky voice and a warm, beautiful smile. She even brought a wooden toy lion for Kamilah, the youngest child of the priests former wife and asked that Net and Lotus, his two elder daughters, see the childbirth. She also asked that one servant girl stay with them in the room. Some time later, when the night was getting deeper, the midwife asked Net and Lotus to leave. She was still smiling and trying to look at ease, she explained to the girls they were tired and would have plenty of chances to see a childbirth when they got a little bit older. However, her eyes looked frightened when she said it. After the dawn she walks out of the room for a second time to ask for some water. She looks tired and afraid, and everybody notices how eager she is to leave the chamber even for a little while. Her hands are still red, though this time with blood. A few seconds later she is back in the room, called by the servant girl she left with the mother–to-be. "Hush. It will be over soon," she says. There is absolutely no answer, only stillness; the walls seem to have ears in the temple. Two other girls from the kitchen are sent home immediately. Not far from the temple, on a dune, the priest is watching sunrise accompanied by his grown-up son. The father is in his fifties; the burning sun was merciless with his face, burning wrinkles and brown spots on all of it, but his body is still strong and straight. His head is shaved bald and he wears leopard skin on his shoulder as a symbol of his status. The son is in his early thirties, slender, with natural shoulder-lenght jet-black hair, a rarity in the country where people shave their heads and wear wigs. Unlike his father and his whole court, this young man seems to be undisturbed by the events in the temple. "Who do you think it will be? A fourth girl? Or do you still hope for another son?" the younger one asks with a light, almost feathery voice. "I will happily welcome any child, boy or girl, as long as its mother lives. I begin to think someone has cursed me and any women pregnant with my children. I still mourn after your mother, Aro. The woman who carried Net, Lotus and Kamilah was also very close to my heart. Of cource I wish for another son. The temple is getting bigger every year. You could use some help in the future". "You are right, Father," the younger one says with a smile. Once again, his father wishes he could be able to read his son like he can other people. The high priest is famous for his intuition. He can guess people motives, their wishes and plans even before they become aware of those thoughts themselves. His only son is the only exception; every time he seems close to knowing what Aro is thinking about, the trail of thoughts changes, all former ideas suddenly completely deserted. Nebi often wonders, if his child didn't inherit a stronger version of his gift, an intuition that would allowed him to see through others even more clearly, almost like he was reading peoples minds. There is something disturbing about it, and not for the first time Nebi feels anxious so close to his own heir. "See if it is coming to an end." "As you wish, Father" A demand and an order, and yet he feels he just lost another battle with his son. Aro walks like a ghost through the deserted temple. He smiles at the sight of some of his fathers helpers but never approaches them, heading straight to the little garden close to the main chamber. And that is where he waits. "May I speak to you, Master?" The midwife's voice is weak now and Aro is surprised to see how she was able to change from a confident, strong woman to this little self-conscious wreck with just one night. The fear of death . He smiles to himself. People claiming to be courageous, believing they would face the end with their head high, yet begging for mercy the second they heard the verdict. Why did she even take this job? She knew what would surely happen if anything went wrong! Brave and pathetic at the same time. He marvels for a second. "Of course, my dear." He almost takes her blood-covered hand, smiles apologetically and finally places his palm upon her bare shoulder instead. There is a moment of dizziness and than he can almost see through her - all her thoughts revealed to him for a second. She is proud. She wanted to prove herself. She wondered how much she could possibly earn. She was sure it was going to be easy. She was so surprised the lady carried twins… Twins? The trail of thoughts is lost. So another mystery is solved. No starving children waiting for her. It was only her pride and greed. Pathetic. "You can tell me everything," he finishes, already losing his interest. She flinches, surprised, before she begins her explanation. "There is another child, Master," she says "The Lady is carrying twins. I had not noticed it before, but one of them is smaller than the other. Possibly a stillborn. The other child is blocked by it and I can't take it out. I… Master, I even tried to cut the stillborn while it is still inside" she searches for approval in Aro's eyes but finds none "It's been a whole night and I'm afraid the Mistress hasn't got much time left. She is too tired. I need to speak to the High Priest. He has to make a decision. "What kind of decision?" "I… I might be able to remove the stillborn, but I will probably kill the other child while doing it. There is a chance the mother will survive it, but I cannot give my word for it. Or... I may cut her stomach and take both babys out. I've seen it done once. However, there will be no way to save the priests wife after the procedure. That is why I need him to decide. "I see. And the living child? Did you see it? "No Master. I could only feel it; it is alive and strong. Lady Hebony said the wheat grew. She suspects it's a girl. Could you please tell you father that…" "Hush, dear. We wouldn't want to disturb the high priest, would we?" he smiles, another smile that never reaches his eyes. "And there is no need to do so. My father and I just talked about it before I came here. Save the child." She bows and returns to the room. Aro leaves the garden just as quickly. He has seen enough in her mind; he doesn't want to be able to hear when the surgery will be performed. But the midwife is not going to waste time. A moment before he is out of the temple he hears the piercing scream of the dying mother. He follows the path leading to the dunes very slowly, wishing to have any information to tell his father and, at the same time not willing to see or even listens to the bloodbath in the master chamber. He is already half way up his climb, when he hears someone is following him. So, Nebi's personal helper is brave enough to break the news to him? Aro would normally find an excuse to be able to touch the man and see his thoughts, but he has already seen enough for one day. "Well. What is it?" he just asks impatiently. "The Mistress… She just gave birth to a baby girl. The child will be all right. Unfortunately, Lady Hebony… She didn't survive the surgery... "Such a tragedy." Aro's face shows nothing but sadness and grief. "You need to tell my father immediately. He will be devastated. His third wife... But I am holding you up" . The old servant is far from being happy when he climbs up the dune by himself, but he is too loyal to ignore a direct order. Aro decides to wait where he is standing. It is already getting hot, but