Boundaries My life has always been dictated by boundaries. It started when I was born in District 12 under the rule of President Snow. In those years, our lives were cagey fences. We had to abide a strict curfew, received limited rations, and were subject to the possibility of being selected for the Hunger Games. But the boundaries continued into the revolution. I was stuck underground in District 13 while people like my brother Gale were fighting to break those boundaries. And won. But every war has consequences and collateral damage. Sure we broke the fences, but we also had to clean up the rubble of mangled metal. After the war, everyone wanted a fresh start. Since we moved to Two, a lot changed. There are no more Hunger Games, no more districts slaving for the Capitol, or trapped people living in poverty. We're told that now we live equally. And freely. Everyone is at peace now and enjoys the pleasures life has to offer. That's one of the reasons we moved to Two. We wanted a fresh start. But living in Two was a big adjustment. I was really young when the war happened, but I remember a distinct change in my family and surroundings. We moved from living in a two room home, to a bunker, and now to a spacious apartment. For the first time in my life, I get my own room to sleep in at night. My own! Of course, our whole family moved to Two and resumed living together. Two years ago, Rory moved in with Gale, so now it's just me, Vick and Ma. I kind of miss the whole family together sometimes. Sure, we have family dinners on Sunday nights, but our bond to each other is no longer tied to survival. We grew past that, and now have different necessities from each other. I'll never admit this to anyone, but sometimes I miss all my brothers. I miss us all being together. Now, we're severing onto our different paths. Ma says, "that's life" and that "we all change eventually," but I don't like it. So much has changed in my life already, and I feel like I'm constantly running behind everyone with my chicken legs trying to catch up. Growing up with three older brothers really shaped me. But, there are boundaries. Some that are breakable, and some that are never to be crossed. For example, when Gale says I can't have any more candies for the day, I don't really have to comply. I just beg him until he concedes. Which let me tell you, works really well. But then there are other boundaries that are never to be crossed. Boys. This boundary has been specifically clear to me at a young age. When Gale came home late one night in our District 12 days, after having spent some time with a girl at the slagheap, Ma berated him for it. And then, he'd go out and do it again. No big deal. Because he was a boy . That night Gale even told me, "Boys are bad, Posy." And six-year-old me said, "Did Raya say that when you took her to the slagheap tonight?" He didn't honestly think I didn't hear, did he? I was young sure, and I didn't know what the slagheap was (which now I do thanks to Rory), but I did eavesdrop. We lived in a one-room shack. Word travelled fast. He blanched then, and ruffled a hand through his already tousled hair. "T-That doesn't matter. Now go to sleep, its way past your bedtime." That was it. Boys are bad. Don't go near them, blah, blah, blah. I was so young then, so I didn't really get why I needed a boyfriend when I already had Gale. Unlike most siblings, Gale was more of a father then an older brother. He raised me, and I am grateful for him. I love him, and for the longest time, I didn't think any boy could ever measure up to him. But that all changed when I met Cole. He's fifteen, just like me, and goes to school with me. He was originally from District 4, but his family moved to Two after the war. There were many boys in between, but none of them were serious. I actually had a dating schedule when I was nine. I know. Gale was furious when I kept getting all of these phone calls from boys who wanted to ask me out. One time we sat at the table for breakfast. I was thirteen then, and had just spent an hour trying to coax my hair into an intricate braid. It was a horrid attempt that I'm thankful was never captured on camera. "Someone looks nice today," Hazelle said when I took a seat next to Gale at the kitchen table. Gale eyed me curiously. I went along eating, excited for my day, and then Rory had to ruin it. "I'm sure she wants to look good for her new boyfriend Kyle-or was it Dan? Derrick-" I kicked him under the table. Gale almost choked on his eggs, and stuttered, "B-boyfriend?" I rolled my eyes. "Thanks Rory," I muttered. "Posy?" Gale demanded sternly. Alright. Since Rory ousted me, I had no choice but tell him. "I have two actually." Rory snorts his orange juice, and Gale drops his fork. "TWO?" they both yelled. I momentarily forgot I had left out the pluralized version for Rory. Vick sits quietly. He's the only one with the sense to shut up. Besides, we had an agreement that we wouldn't tell anyone each other's secret crushes. "Why not?" I shrugged. "You told Rory and Vick that they could have as many girlfriends as they wanted." Hazelle whipped around, her eyes wide. "You told them what?" She slaps the back of Gale's head, and now it's my turn to smirk. Gale avoids Hazelle's fuming and instead glares at me. "That was taken out of context. I-I didn't mean it like that." "That's not what I remember," I say, tilting my head to the side. "You said that-" "I said that you are not allowed to date until your 30. Now dump them," Gale growled. I crossed my arms and glared back at Gale. His glare didn't scare me anymore. If anything, I was furious. How was it fair that Rory and Vick could do whatever they wanted, but I was constantly restrained by these boundaries? Because I'm a girl . I'm the only one in the family, and I happen to be the youngest. Since that day, I vowed that I wouldn't wait until 30 because that would be really depressing and somewhat mortifying. I wasn't going to let a good opportunity pass by just as Gale doesn't let his game out of his sight. If I want to be in a relationship with someone or some people, I should have the right to decide that for myself just like Rory and Vick. And Gale is certainly not in a position to lecture me. Tonight, I have plans to change that. I zip up the back of my flowing dress, and smooth out the pressed pleats. My room is the smallest, with just enough room to fit a twin bed and dresser, but it's plenty of room for me. A mirror hangs above my dresser, narrow yet long. Ma is busy making dinner in the kitchen, and she smiles when she sees me. She runs her hands over my hair, careful not to mess it up, and I swear she has tears in her eyes. "My baby's all grown up!" "Ma, I'm only fifteen." Being grown up is really a technicality. Rory's all 'grown up' and you'd never tell by the way he acts. He's proved to me that most boys don't grow up; they just grow older. "I know," she says, "but you're my baby, and you look beautiful, like a grown woman!" Well…I have to say that was the look I was going for. Ma looks at me so lovingly, that I have to look away from her tearful eyes, or I'm going to cry. And that wouldn't be good. Not after all the effort I put in already. My eyes fall to the full stove. Each burner is occupied with beefs and veggies. A sauce simmers on one of smaller burners. Why was she making so much food? Vick is the only one that'll be home tonight. Unless… Knock, knock, knock. He's here! I wiggle out of Ma's embrace, and I race to get the door. I pinch my cheeks, and check in the tiny square mirror beside the door if everything is perfectly placed. I swing the door open, and Cole doesn't stand on the other side. My stomach clenches. Gale stands at the door, dressed in a business suit and carries a newspaper. This cannot be happening to me. Gale of all people is not supposed to be here. Not tonight. His eyebrows crinkle together. "Pose? Why are you all dressed up?" "Why did you knock? You have a key you know," I say trying to get him to forget his own question. "I forgot my key." "Again?" Ma sighs from the kitchen. He brushes past me, and drops his briefcase on the couch. I stand firmly at the door, my clammy hand on the handle. Just when I thought I was in the clear, Gale asks over his shoulder, "Are you going somewhere tonight Pose? It's not the school formal tonight is it?" Ma turns her head from the stove in the kitchen and says, "Your baby sister is going on her first date tonight." She wipes her hand on a towel and embraces Gale. "Hi honey," she says, kissing his forehead. Gale slithers away from Ma. I swear his eyes are as thin as slits. "Date?" He growls. Gale turns to me, with his accusatory gaze. Oh no. This isn't going to end well. I close the front door quietly and twine my hands behind my back. "I told you that you couldn't date until your thirty," he says. I sigh and sink into the couch. This'll take a while. "Gale, you told me that when I was six." "So?" "So?" I say, craning my neck to see him standing over me. "You only said that to get my mind off of what we were talking about, so I wouldn't tell Ma that you said it was okay if Rory and Vick could "play the field" and date as many girls as they wanted—at the same time! Besides, I asked Ma, and she says I can go." Gale glares at Ma. "Why would you do that?" Ma stirs the pot on the stove, not looking at either of us. Ma was usually smart this way. She tried to keep herself neutral when her kids pitted her against each other. I've been guilty of it whenever I fight with Rory. Gale grits his teeth. "You're not going out with this idiot." "What?" I sputter. "You can't just demand that! MA!" "Gale, leave your sister alone. I've met Cole and his parents. He's a very sweet kid," Ma says calmly. "His name is Cole? Seriously? Please tell me he's not from District 12-" "He's from Four, and he'll be here any minute!" I say while checking my watch. Cole said he'd be here around seven. It's now a quarter past, and I'm worried. Not so much that he's late, but I'm worried about what Gale will do to him when he gets here. I cradle my head in my hands, hunched, willing this nightmare to go away. Or preferably for Gale to go away. A key scratches the lock and clicks the door open. I peak through the cracks of my fingers hopefully. But then I remember Cole doesn't have a key. The only person who has a key, and isn't in this apartment right now is- "Hey everyone, I'm