BLOODSTONE A Burping Troll Adventure By Celebsul, ErinRua, Sevilodorf, Russ Editorial Note: The Fourth Age has dawned. Aragorn the King Elessar sits upon the throne of Gondor; Faramir and the Lady Éowyn govern their fiefdom from the hills of Emyn Arnen; and Legolas' elven folk work their gifts upon the long-wounded lands of Northern Ithilien. It is a time of growth and healing, but also a time of social and political change. Middle-earth is free of Shadow at last, but earthly evils still exist. Rebuild, reclaim, rework - there is much to be done, and Northern Ithilien particularly is a place of progress and peril. So it is for the folk of our setting, the residents of The Inn of the Burping Troll just north of Henneth Annûn. Let our original characters be your guides into the Fourth Age of Middle-earth, as Gondor revives towards its olden glory and its people endeavor to cast off the lingering legacy of war. Come with us, journey into a new and tumultuous age in Tolkien's magnificent Middle-earth. - ErinRua xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Prologue: January 20, 1422 SR Midmorning A farm outside the village of Henneth Annûn Rablot gave a grunt of satisfaction as the half-buried rock he was prying at came free from the mud. Kneeling down, he lifted it up and carried it to the fair sized pile at the corner of the field Farmer Tiroc had marked for clearing. Pulling a clay jar from the basket the farmer's daughter had given him that morning; Rablot took a long drink of the fresh buttermilk as he studied the field quietly. The mists hung heavy near the ground after so many days of rain, and the mud was thick and clinging, but he preferred working here alone, away from the farmer's other helpers. Tiroc had said they would use the stones gathered from the field to build a low wall. Such a wall would not discourage the deer and the rabbits from visiting the crops when they began to sprout, so why a wall was needed Rablot did not understand but he was not going to argue with the farmer. Tiroc had done much for him and whatever Tiroc wanted Rablot would do his best to see it carried out. Orders given and orders followed had always shaped Rablot's life, but to work with neither whip nor threat was the nearest to a life of ease that Rablot had known, and he knew himself to be content. Carefully, Rablot returned the clay jar to the basket and turned to go back to the job of digging up stones. His powerful hands pried rock from the clinging muck with ease and he minded not the chill of damp earth caking his gnarled fingers black. With care he chose stones of the sizes he had been bidden and piled them with the others. The farmer had said, "Can't leave two stones alone for soon they'll make more," and then laughed uproariously. Rablot was uncertain why that was so humorous, but he had laughed too. Perhaps later he could ask Tiroc's daughter, Rialyn, to explain it to him. She was always willing to take the time to explain things he found puzzling. Softly Rablot ran his grimy hand down the fabric of his shirt. It was Rialyn who had given him this shirt and though not new, it was possibly the first piece of clothing he had ever owned that had no holes in it. Attacking another stone mired in the mud, Rablot considered how his life had changed since the war, the one that men called the War of the Ring. A clean place to sleep, clean food and clean clothes. Rablot had never known how much he liked clean until now. Before everything had been dirty or moldy or torn. And always, there had been someone trying to take the little bit he had. Now, he had a small place of his own in the barn where no one bothered him, and clothes that were his own, and everyday, fresh food. Thinking of that food Rablot sighed. Much better than moldy bread and maggoty meat. Scraping around the edges of the stone with his long nails, Rablot froze. Something was wrong. His nostrils flared as he took deep breaths to sniff out the trouble. There. In the woods across the field. Men. ' Three of them,' he thought. Slowly he stood and faced the trees. What did they want? Rablot had been chased by men too often not to be leery of three who watched him from hiding. "I knows you are over there. Come outs where I can see you," Rablot called. From the woods came three men he did not recognize. As the one on the left made a sweeping motion with his hand, Rablot realized there were others emerging from the mist to his left and right. Whirling about, Rablot ran toward the road, and each stride bounded greater than the last. Then from the ditch on the far side a tall figure appeared out of the mist before him, sword drawn and poised. Rablot skidded to a halt and stared into the man's eyes - then the sword flashed. xxxxxxxxxxxx The men gathered briefly around Rablot's body as the swordsman wiped his blade clean on the corpse's shirt. Returning the sword to its sheath, he smiled broadly and said, "Yet one more, lads. And with each orc slain, we make the world a fairer, safer place to live." Cullen stared down at the headless body. Never comely in life, the orc's gnarled body now seemed grotesquely broken and boneless, one arm bent beneath at an impossible angle and the neck ending only in a dark, thick pool of bloody mud. For a horrible instant the youth thought that he would be unable to control the heaving of his stomach. Swallowing convulsively, he protested, "You said you were only going to talk to him. He wasn't hurting nobody." "Wasn't he?" the swordsman replied. "Aye, but how many did he murder and despoil before someone made a pet of him, eh? A wolf is a wolf, boy, no matter if you clothe him in wool." As the understanding grew that he had been the one to lead these men to the orc, Cullen scrambled backwards, only to feel his feet sliding from beneath him. Sprawling in the mud, the lad found himself face to face with Rablot's sightless eyes. His stomach surged and he crawled off to heave into the ditch with the sound of the men's laughter in his ears. Chapter One January 26th Evening Village of Henneth Annûn Rain speckled the front windows of the Whistling Dog as it had nearly every day for the past week; sometimes falling gently and other times nearly drowning those who chanced to be out and about. The rain had become a fixture that the residents of Henneth Annûn longed to do without, especially young Jasimir. After mopping the mud from the front entry for what must have been the hundredth time in the last week, Jasimir lifted his bucket and retreated to the kitchen before Jareth could find more for him to do. He knew that it would only be a matter of moments before the dang hallway was muddy again. Why clean it when it would just get dirty again? But there was no arguing with Jareth, who would just suggest that Jasimir go and ask his father if the front entrance needed mopping or not, and give that irritating smile of his. The one that said he knew quite well that Jasimir was doing all he could to stay out of his father's sight. It hadn't been his fault that the skillet of grease had flamed up and nearly caught the kitchen afire, before Pansy and Jareth had put it out with half a barrel of flour, but his dad still blamed him. How he wished he could just leave the Whistling Dog and never return. From his place behind the bar, Jareth shook his head at the boy's disappearing back. He wasn't really a bad lad, even if he did spend a large portion of his time wishing to be elsewhere. Though who didn't when they were almost fourteen? Jareth frowned at his own memories of fourteen, then watched in silent amusement as an overzealous Sira all but knocked the other barmaid down in her efforts to be the first to greet the three men entering The Whistling Dog. Some of her hurry was no doubt due to the lack of tips she had earned thus far this evening, but Jareth was certain that the tallest man's handsome face also played a part in her haste. Sira had a taste for fun and frolic. "What can I do for you, gentlemen? Rooms for the night?" Sira's fluttering lashes brought only a hint of an amused smile to the tall man's lips, though the stocky bearded man at his side gave her buxom figure a look of frank admiration. "Or just a late supper?" "Both, my dear, but first a round of ales and a place by your fire. It's been a wet night." The pleasantness of the gray-bearded man belied the faint tenseness evident in eyes that marked the location of every person in the common room of The Whistling Dog. Sira slanted one last hopeful look at the tall man, undoubtedly visualizing how her fingers could stroke that striking touch of silver-grey in the dark hair at his temples, and she sighed. Then with a toss of her reddish curls - and artfully overlooking the shave-headed fellow's sly grin - she gave the stockier man a dazzling smile. "You just set yourselves at that table by the fire and I'll be right there with those ales." Sending Sira on to the kitchen for the men's supper, Jareth came from his place with three mugs of ale. "Aye, wet enough it is. Some evenings the wet brings in the customers, as they are seeking refuge, and others it seems to drive them away. Tonight being one of the latter, you get the best table in the house and the best room." As the men murmured their thanks and sampled the local brew, Jareth took a moment to study them. There had been some unpleasant happenings in the village, but he could see nothing out of the ordinary about these strangers. Since the end of the War men like these were not uncommon. Many ex-soldiers and folk dispossessed of homes and jobs, wandered the lands looking for the means to make a living. Some of them came to Henneth Annûn, though their numbers grew fewer with each passing month. The graybeard and the tall comely one in fact seemed a cut above average, or at any rate they were clean and well mannered. The other ... shaven-headed and beardless with a ragged ear, he too was a veteran of battle. Not long ago, Jareth had probably looked a lot like these men. But Cameroth had decided to leave Minas Tirith and move to the growing village of Henneth Annûn and asked Jareth to come along and tend the bar. Jareth understood that Cameroth was seeking to escape the memories of the siege within the walls; there were a few memories Jareth was still trying to flee from. Silently he blessed Cameroth for having the guts to make the move and for hauling him along, for it was better to be focused on getting on with your life than with lingering in the past. "Aye, we live lucky lives," replied the third man, with a broken toothed smile that Jareth decided he did not much like. "Sira will be right back with your meals. How many rooms should I have Pansy prepare?" Jareth smiled the pleasant noncommittal smile of a good bartender. "One will be sufficient. If you have one with three beds," replied the clean-shaven man after a quick glance at his companions.