Chapter 1: Welcome to the High Life. Disclaimer: I own nothing Twilight or any of the real places mentioned. The camera shook slightly as the cameraman moved it so that the picture was straight, the screen a little fuzzy and the color slightly off, but the picture was clear of the intention of the News cast. On the stool in the middle of the frame sat a young man in his early 20s dressed in a spandex black suit with white mask covering his emerald green eyes. The black of the spandex made his dark, dark red hair stand out. He sat there fiddling with the mike attached to his suit. "Is this thing on?" The man asked into the mike, tapping it to test it. With a nod from the camera crew, the interview started. " Please state your name, Sir." Asked a voice the audience could not see. The man nodded, "Manor," he said. The image suddenly changed to a young woman also in her early 20s dressed in a dark blue latex suit with white elbow length like-gloves and white boots up to her knees. She had a dark blue mask on her face with white outlining around her chocolate brown eyes. Her dark brown hair was pulled away from her porcelain white face. The woman then proceeded to answer the same question asked to the red-headed man. " Hart," the young woman said, smiling softly at the camera. Quickly, the image changed again to another man, slightly older looking, about his late 20s. The man had very fair blonde hair and crystal blue eyes. His spandex suit was pure white with blood red boots, a matching strip around his waist and a matching eye mask on his face. His smile was very kind as he too answered the question. " Doc," he said simply. The screen flashed back the red-haired man and another question was asked. " Now, can you please explain your abilities?" The faceless voice asked. The red-haired man smiled a crooked smile and answered, "I can read minds and I have super speed." The screen changed back the brunette woman. " Well, I can manifest a force field and I can fly," She smiled, happily answering. Suddenly, the blonde man was on with his response. "I can heal any wound or injury." The man rubbed the back of his neck shyly, smiling at the camera. Questions started coming fast and answers even faster. " Manor," the faceless voice said, "What is it like being the most popular superhero around? Does it ever get to stressful?" Manor threw his head back and laughed and when he regained his ability to talk, he answered. " It feels great. I enjoy knowing that the people are grateful for my help. And no," Manor smiled crookedly, "it's never really stressful." " Ms. Hart, you are one of the most successful female superheroes in the world. But, you are the only one in Chicago. Why do you think that is?" The interview asked as the screen showed the woman again. Hart smiled, "It feels good to be able to show people that women can handle the bad guys to. For the longest time, women were under the impression that only men could handle the trouble. But women started taking the initiative; more bad guys have been stopped. Coincidence? I think not." She said cockily. Then the blonde man was on the screen again, listening the question he was asked. " Doc, how do you handle having a defensive power rather than an offensive one like most superheroes?" The blonde man blushed. " I love it. I've always loved helping people and my power helps me do that. Plus, it makes me a lot of allies." The line of questioning continued for hours on end, and then, one question was asked and brought about a change for the superhero protected world they lived in. " What do you think of the rumor that the United States government wants to force all superheroes to stop using their powers and return to their secret identities, and leave saving people to the police?" Suddenly there was a complete change in all three superheroes. Manor's eyes grew cold and a scowl came onto his face. " That's complete bullshit. Those people wouldn't be able to handle some of the crap we have to deal with. Normal people wouldn't last a day doing what I and many others do!" Hart rolled her eyes and scoffed, "Asking a superhero to not use their powers is like asking a genius to not use their brain. It's ridiculous and will never happen." Doc sighed, "Sadly, that may be a possibility sometime in the future. There are super powered people out there who misuse their powers, but they truly shouldn't punish those who are only using them for good reasons." Then, the interview was over. The screen was black. Unbenonced to the heroes. Their biggest fear was about to come true. Manor's POV: I groaned as the police scanner in my car picked up a new report, "Bank Robbery reported. Suspect on the move, armed and considered highly dangerous, peruse carefully." I smiled as I reliesed he was coming my way. I pulled over to the side of the empty Chicago road and put the car in park. Looking around to make sure nobody was around to see me and I pressed the button hidden under the steering wheel, and my seat snapped back and suddenly I was changed into my spandex suit. When I was sat back up, I reached into the glove box and pulled out my eye mask and put it on. I looked at the scanner and saw the suspect was very close now. I stepped out of the car and hide in the ally and waited for the suspect's car to pass by. When it did I started running behind it. I was sprinting because the car was going fast enough. The driver saw me and his eyes grew, a shocked expression on his face. Then in an instant it hardened and he glared at me. The car suddenly braked and I had to swerve out of the way as to not run into the back of the car, but when I tried to go around it, another car was in the other lane and had to swerve to not hit me. When it did, it ran it a tree on the sidewalk. I ran to help the drive, a young red headed woman. I helped her out of her car and after making sure that she was okay and the ambulance was on its way to her, I turned to get the suspect. What I saw was his abandoned car and he was nowhere around. I checked my watch, 3:10. Okay, I have an hour and a half, just enough time. Smiling, I searched through the mass of minds to find the robber. He was running up the stairs of an apartment building to the roof. Rolling my eyes I took off sprinting towards the building. I sprinted up the stairs to the roof and stepped out on to the barren roof top and looked around. I saw in his mind that he was hiding behind the generators and smirked, walking towards him. "You know," I said and he, startled, stumbled out from behind the generator and fell flat on his ass. "For a criminal, you're horrible at getting away." I smirked at him and walked towards him. He seemed shocked and then he grinned evil and pulled a gun from behind his back and pointed it at me. "On the contrary, I think I did well," he smirked, cocking the gun, "I mean, I lead the famous Manor up to an empty roof top where no one can save him." Before I could move and pulled the trigger. I braced for the pain of the bullet but it never came. I heard the robber gasp and my eyes snapped opened and I looked up to see Hart in front of me with one of her shields up, causing the bullet to bounce off. I smirked at the man as the shield disappeared. As he started to get up and run, Hart quickly incased him in an unmovable bubble like shield before she turned to me and glared. "You just can't let me have one this one time, huh Manor?" she spat angrily and I smiled stepping towards her and frowned when she stepped away from me. "Sorry, Angel," I smirked, "I had to kill time somehow." Hart rolled her eyes and huffed at me, clearly annoyed. "So," I said before I was interrupted by the idiot in the bubble. "Hey Man, Come on! Let the sexy little lady have her moment..." He leered suggestively at her. Both Hart and I glared and the bastard shrunk back as far as he could go in his little bubble. I quickly turned my attention back to the woman standing in front of me. "As I was saying," I began again as she turned back towards me. "I was wondering if a certain beautiful superwoman like you might be free this fine evening?" I grinned, looking down into her eyes. She grinned mischievously, "Actually I have a prier obligation tonight. Don't you," she poked my chest, "have somewhere to be right about now?" Glancing at my watch I saw I still had about an hour. Shrugging, I replied, "I got time." Hart huffed and rolled her eyes before walking away with a sway in her hips that caused me to stare at her delicious ass. She turned back and smiled, catching me watching. "Don't be late." She grinned and jumped off the roof causing the bubble to go with her. Moments later I saw her, and the bubble, soar into the sky towards the police station. I heard sirens off and the distance, and knowing I had time, I sprinted towards them. What I found was chilling. A man was holding a group of people hostage on a Grey Hound bus. The police weren't there yet so I took matters into my own hands. I knocked on the doors and the man spun around and pointed his gun at me, shaking slightly. He must have recognized me because his eyes grew huge and he shook even more. He shouted at me from inside the bus but refused to come towards the doors. "What…What do you want?" He stammered. I listened into his thoughts to get a feel on what I was dealing with. He was young, about 14, and his mother was on the brink of losing her job and their house. He had wanted to help but no one would hire him, so this was what he had come up with. A fleeting name flashed across his mind, his own name. Emmett. Turned out Emmett had a secret of his own. He had been my biggest fan since he was 4, when Emmett learned he had a power of his own, super strength. I called out the boy, knowing Emmett didn't really want to do this. "Hey, uh," I paused, not wanting the passengers of the bus knowing who Emmett was. "Hey uh, Kong," I said, seeing that Emmett loved King Kong when he was younger. "Why don't you open the doors and come out and talk with me for a minute." Emmett paused, wavering. "I know you're scared, I just want to talk." Emmett nodded slowly before threatening the passengers that if any of them moved he would shoot all of them. He slowly opened the doors and stepped off the bus, never turning his back to the passengers and once he was off and shut the doors and turned to me, never wavering his hold on the gun. I smiled softly and spoke lowly so that only Emmett could hear me. "Emmett, I know you don't want this. Just let those people