Summary: "Tonight begins the Week of Silentin!" Week of Silentin, lock your doors and hide under your beds, pray that your ancestors did not kill someone that is now seeking revenge. Or else, you may just be in danger. Author: Raina Beta: Tira (sidhnanledhiel) Rating: Mature PG-13 (maybe R just to be safe) Warning: There is a lot of spiritual type content in this. Ghosts, spirits, things like that. This fic is not for the faint of heart, or the easily scared, believe me! I know at the beginning it does not seem that way, but you have not read the rest. :D Characters: Aragorn and a few OCs 'silenti' ('silentin' without the 'n') is a Latin word meaning "the Dead"; I figured if Tolkien could use the Latin word 'Silva' meaning "woods, forest" and add a 'n' to it and call the wood-elves the "Silvan Elves" then I could get away with using the Latin word for "the Dead" with a 'n' on the end of it for my story. A/N: I was inspired by a line from a book I read recently, Crime Scene Jerusalem by Alton Gansky, when I read the line a picture formed in my mind and it went from there. I at first had wanted this to be for the Halloween challenge Rhonda posted, but as the story developed, it wandered away from the qualifications Rhonda had for the challenge. Then I thought maybe this would be for Nina's birthday, which I missed anyway, but then I realised maybe this type of story might not be good for her health condition (I have been told by many others that the ending of the first chapter is creeping them out, and that is just the beginning of everything!). Silentin -- "A simple man believes anything, but a prudent man gives thought to his steps." (Proverbs 14:15) For even his own brothers did not believe in him. (John 7:5) "Yet because I tell the truth, you do not believe me!" (John 8:45) "Stop doubting and believe." (John 20:27) -- Chapter One: Ramblings of Ghosts He who cannot believe the ridiculous will never achieve the impossible. (Paraphrase of Revere Sr. H.S. class of 1970 motto) If you can't believe something is possible, you won't be able to see it, even if it's right under your nose. Though thoroughly bored, the man that slightly disturbed the biota around him watched his surroundings very keenly. Being bored was no cause for him to be off his guard. And even though he was returning from active duty on the southern reaches of land near the Shire, a land inhabited by a rather small, yet stout, race, he still had an obligation to keep a sharp eye on the happenings of the places he passed through. He could not afford the luxury of being at ease as he travelled back home, but he could enjoy the beauty of nature even as he stayed alert for any passing danger. With his long strides he was able to cover the ground quickly, but his soles left nary a track on the ground behind, and unless he did not run into other people, there would be none that would know he had passed through. This skill he had finely tuned over the years, thanks to the help of his brothers, was quite a useful one that he was thankful he possessed. He had lost count of the many times it had come in handy. There was no rush for him to get back to the camp of his fellow rangers - for one thing, they were in good hands under the guidance and wisdom of his second-in-command, who was seeing over their protection. Besides, once he returned from the southern side of the Baranduin, or the Brandywine as most called it, he was to return to his family in the haven of Rivendell for a short season. For many a year he had been away and only rarely would return for very short visits, no more than a fortnight at most, but this time he would stay for a more extended amount of time. A small smile stole across his face as he thought about it: his home would be changing from fall to winter soon, but, nonetheless, would still be beautiful to behold. Despite that he longed to see his home in the glory of its summer season, he would take what he could get, and be thankful for the mercies of Eru for that point. Besides, his brothers would make winter a grand time, though would probably give him a scolding for staying away for far too long. He heartily agreed with them. He had been away too long, and his fortnight, or less, visits were far too sparse to make up for his absence. The more he thought of home, the more he wanted to rush back, but he was already weary from his berth at the Baranduin, and there were still many leagues left before he would even reach the Mitheithel and from there follow it to the Bruinen. He had to pace himself, else he would reach Rivendell too weary to even visit proper with his family without resting for several days first. Not to mention that if he arrived fatigued, his brothers and father would hover over him like mother hens do a chick: something he oft hated. Besides, he wanted to enjoy the open plains of Minhiriath and he relished looking at the flora and fauna of the region. A small butterfly fluttered past, its delicate, bluish-white wings catching the ranger's attention as they beat the air at a fast, but even pace, its distinct markings a complete blur. The little, pretty insect landed with practiced ease on a small, late bloomer, as the ranger cautiously took a step toward it. As he took a closer look at the markings - its top wings were white with black marks on the forewing and the underside had grey-green stripes along the hindwing veins - he was able to identify the creature as the Annui Fein: Western White, in the common tongue. And since it had black marks on the forewing, he knew the gender of it was male, for females had the black marks on all their wings. "How are you today, little annui?" he asked quietly, placing his finger under the little creature, gently letting it take place on his person instead of the plant. He smiled as the butterfly slowly flapped its wings, and turned on his finger. After a second of watching the strange, huge creature it found itself on, the insect took flight, gently sailing away. 'Time you were moving on, Aragorn,' he told himself as he turned back to the east, his direction of travel. Once more he moved on, through the mid-shin-high grasses of the green, hilly-country. Here, though slightly long, the grass grew in such a way that he really did not have to worry about snakes. When it became thicker, maybe, but for now, he could amble through it without a worry for the little terrors. Soon he reached a region that looked more traversed, no doubt by hunting parties from Tharbad, or farmers making a living outside town. He had never really completely explored Minhiriath, so he was not sure if the signs of human passage were farmers or hunters, but either worked fine in his opinion. Just so long as they had no evil intent. As far as he could see there was nothing wrong with the territory: no signs of wrongs being done or evil-doers, but just people coming through here on their way to continue living their regular lives. But whoever passed through here, did not appear to linger within the vicinity. As far as he knew, the path he travelled, and travelled every time he came back from the Baranduin, located down closer to the Blue Mountains more so than the Shire, like he was travelling this day, was not a path located near civilization; then again, he had never had cause to travel from his path south-eastward and run across the paths of others. As Aragorn walked, he idly began checking over his weapons, though he knew there was nothing wrong. He still messed with them, loosening his sword in its scabbard, tightening his belt, resettling his bow and quiver more firmly on his back. He had just pulled his sword from its scabbard to look it over while he walked, when suddenly he heard a loud wailing type scream. A scream of absolute horrified petrifaction. Slamming his sword back where it belonged, Aragorn took off running in the direction the sound came from. Due to the hills of the region and the clump of trees in the direction he was headed (he was getting into a place with more trees than the plains he had been on before), Aragorn could not at first see what was the cause of distress or who the sound of distress had originated from. Rounding a bend, Aragorn found himself running down a well-worn path through a thicket. A moment later he saw something else headed toward him, something small and moving quite fast. Mere seconds had passed, and before he could do anything more than to pull up short, the something, or rather someone, ran right into him. Grabbing the child and steadying the little one, Aragorn looked down into a young boy's tear-stained, scared face. When brown eyes met silver eyes, the boy's fear edged slightly from his face, but the tears came faster. "Save me, save me..." the boy sobbed on and on. "Don't let them take me or papa and mama." "Do not let who take you?" Aragorn glanced around, looking for whom the boy spoke of, the 'them' that were allegedly trying to take the boy and his parents. "Them..." he spoke the word so fearfully and once more that scared look crossed the young boy's face. He looked like he had seen an evil spirit of some kind or another. Aragorn quickly assessed the boy, judging him to be about eleven years of age, maybe twelve. "Who is this them that you speak of? What is it you have seen that scares you so?" Without knowing what was going on, he really did not know how to help the boy. "Ghosts," the boy whispered, as if afraid to say the name any louder. He raised an eyebrow. "Ghosts you say?" Aragorn was not really sure he believed in them, or at least he did not believe that they were as common as his brothers had made them out to be. Many things were possible, and even his father had once told him that they were such things as spirits, both of alive and dead beings, that walked Arda. The boy nodded his head vigorously, his mop of light brown hair bouncing in time with the up and down of its host. He must have looked doubtful, for the boy quickly interjected. "I saw them! They said they had come to take my family." "What else did they say?" Despite that he wanted to believe it was a prank pulled by older brothers the boy might have or taunting 'friends', Aragorn could not help but feel slight trepidation at what the boy said; though he did not want to admit it, every word the boy was saying sent chills up his spine. "They said... They said..." The boy choked back a sob. "He said, 'I have come to avenge my death, four score and ninety years past; from hence, I will extract my revenge upon the descendants of my killers.'" Aragorn suppressed a shiver at the words, but paused when he realised the boy mentioned a 'he' when before he had said 'they'. "I thought you said there was more than one. Who is this 'he' you speak of, and what happened to 'them'?" "They are his helpers, my ancestors," he whispered. "They