Title: Cellar: To Beat the Heat Author: Raina Summary: (A glimpse into the life of Estel and family): Young Estel has developed an odd habit and Elrond comes to understand his youngest's reasoning. Disclaimers: I think I'd go crazy if I owned LOTR and would be off seeing if I could make the MC into movies as opposed to posting this right now… Warnings: None Beta: None Author's Notes: This was written for the MCI June 2008 Challenge: heat. Yes, I know, terribly late for something back in June 2008, eh? Well, I started writing it, got about half-way through and then my muse took a tumble into the void known as what's beyond the edge of the earth (I hope it learns not to fall off the face of the planet again). When it reappeared months later and I found I could write again, I set to finishing this story. Then it just took me forever after that to actually post it. I'm a very bad procrastinator. Little Estel speech – I have two little nephews, one is three/four years old and the other is two/three years old, and judging by their speech I think I am not wrong in writing young(er)-Estel's way of talking as I have. I know Estel is five, but I've also been around five-year-olds as well (albeit, a whole lot less than my younger nephews), so I think I've got his grammar close enough. As for the references to Elladan and Elrohir's schooling… I'm no professor Tolkien, I only gathered what information I could and talked with others, and drew my conclusions. I claim the right of Artistic License. Also, Elhad and his story I just made up, so don't go asking what story it is or where it can be found. Tolkien didn't write anything about it! Now, on to the story! Cellar: To Beat the Heat Dappled sunlight spilled onto the floors of the halls as a soft breeze occasionally swept through the open house. When it did, the air stirred curtains, plants, and teased hair and clothes of the occupants of the home. Now, as Elrond passed by an open window, the breeze stirred and did exactly that to his hair and loose, casual clothing. At the current moment, since there were no meetings or important diplomatic obligations, he wore a comfortable maroon-coloured tunic with a light blue elbow-length shirt beneath and long, loose, dark breeches. Soft, suede boots accompanied his muted feet as he trekked down the brightly-lit hall. Though not overly concerned, Elrond had not seen Estel since they had all broke their fast on the veranda in the cool morning air. The little boy had been full of energy and eager to start his day, with absolutely no idea what he was to accomplish, but certainly ready to be off about his childish business. Elladan was off to the guardhouse to assist Glorfindel in organising that day's work among the soldiers as soon as he had taken his meal. Elrohir was busy taking inventory and stock, while Erestor was reorganising the library - having become rather bored with its setup. Gilraen had set her day aside to assist the ellyth working in the dye-house. Elrond had previous engagements in that he had to examine several reports he had been given - some on the status of the renovations being done on a Dunedian village that had suffered a tornado, others on the restoring of a damaged dam several miles downstream, and some about the state of their borders. Therefore, it was that after breaking their fast, everyone had split different directions, leaving Estel relatively alone. It was usual that often Estel would be left alone to entertain himself, though he was never truly alone for the entire day. The adults, though often busy, would frequently check on him during the course of the day; and when they had extra time, one could find many of the Elves joining in with the child's games. Today was a little different, though. Gilraen had come to Elrond earlier when he was out on the balcony connected to his study glancing over some of the reports. "Have you seen Estel today, Elrond?" she had asked; titles were cast aside for they were equals here since Elrond had taken Estel in as his own child. "Not since this morning," replied he. Gilraen had nodded. "I know he is safe here and I am not concerned, I was wondering though if anyone had seen him. I am sure he is alright." She had smiled and turned to go. "Knowing that child, he is probably in some unobtrusive corner playing. No one has seen him since the morning meal; I thought I would check on him." Elrond had risen as she turned away. "Are you going back to the dye-houses then?" "Yes," she had answered. "I am not overly concerned about him, but if you do see him, let me know. I thought for sure I would see him when I took the noon meal, but he has not been around for food." Elrond had nodded as she left; he understood that she had spoken to him so that he could keep an eye out for Estel. Elrond mused quietly over where the boy might have gotten off to as he quietly perused the house. The reports on his desk were not important and he had decided to take a break to search out Estel. He had checked every wing of the house for the boy, but the child seemed to have vanished; not many places existed that Estel could have snuck off to for no one to see him for hours. Where else then could the boy be? He had considered looking through the gardens and various courtyards, but his search turned up fruitless. The child had simply vanished; it was possible that Elrond had missed the boy, especially if Estel was on the move during his play. If he had, though, one of the Elves were bound to have seen the child, sent him to his mother or to Elrond, and sent someone else to inform the other, for they knew that the child's parent and guardian were looking for him. With a sigh, Elrond turned back towards the house and entered through one of the doors that led into the scullery. The room was empty, but as he entered, an elleth hurried in to dispose of several dishes from the kitchen, where, no doubt, the cooks were organising things to prepare the evening meal. She dipped her head in acknowledgement of him before scurrying back into the other room. The lord of Rivendell was leaving the scullery when a noise caught his attention. In the recess that connected the scullery and kitchen, a small door -one of several throughout the kitchen and scullery- led down into the cellar. The wooden portal stood ajar and it was from this open hatch that the sound had originated. With a small, bemused smile, Elrond pushed the door open enough to slip inside. He traversed the stairs to the bottom, his way lit by several torches hanging from their niches in the wall. The noises resounded at random intervals as Elrond grew closer to the source. "I waa'ned you!" The voice of his youngest accompanied the noise as Elrond arrived at the bottom of the steps. "Now... die!" There was a loud bang, and subsequently a crash resounded. "Bad d'agon." Elrond stifled the sound of his unexpected amusement as he took in the site before him. In the cellar, Estel had obviously been playing some sort of game - with a sturdy stick, barrels, and other paraphernalia. Appurtenances of the cellar were overturned, discarded, and reorganised. Elrond knew it must all mean something, but he was not sure what it was. "Estel," spoke Elrond when he saw the boy to one side of the room, a demolished creation of the lad's in front of him. The child spun around, a surprised look on his face. "Ada?" the boy asked as he dropped the sturdy stick in his hand. "Child, what are you doing?" Elrond glanced around at the mess as he approached the boy. "Have you been down here all day? Why did you not tell anyone where you were? Did you know you had your mother concerned?" "So man-ee questions, Ada!" laughed Estel. Elrond smiled at the child's speech, for the innocence of youth tinged it and proper pronunciation was not his strong point as of yet. "Which one you want me to an'wer first?" Elrond's smile grew. He sat down on an empty, upright barrel beside his youngest. "Whichever one you would like." He nodded indulgently at the boy. Estel thought for a moment. "No, I didn't know nana was con-cons- you know." "Concerned," Elrond offered, smiling. "Yes," Estel nodded. "I didn't know I needed to tell anyone where I was, Ada, honest!" "It's alright, child," assured Elrond. The boy nodded again, satisfied that he was not in trouble. "And to an'wer your first question - I been slayin' bad guys!" "Oh, have you?" Elrond's eyebrows rose. "Just what…" -he paused and glanced at the various items strewn around the room- " kind of unsavoury fellows have you demolished today, my son?" "Orcs, goblins, even a d'agon!" Estel gleefully reported. "Really?" Elrond smiled at the boy, ruffling the child's unruly curls. "Did you decide to forego your school?" "What's forego mean, Ada?" little Estel frowned. "Did you decide to skip doing your school today?" Elrond reworded in hopes that the child would understand the meaning of his question. "Oh!" the lad's eyes lit up. "I am doin' school, Ada. Fightin' bad guys and savin' the day IS school!" "How so, little one?" Elrond was thoroughly amused. "I learn how to save the day!" Estel announced as if it where the most obvious thing in the world. Elrond bit back a laugh at the child's logic, politely asking Estel to explain his reasons further. "Well, actually, Ada, I was just jokin'. The school part of this is the con'ructing of the bad guys and their hideouts," he replied most seriously. "You mean it is like architecture?" A fond smile turned the elf-lord's lips as he watched the boy. Estel frowned, confusion in his eyes. Elrond reworded, "You are saying that it is like building things? You are enhancing your mind in that way?" Estel did not quite understand Elrond's words, but he could plainly hear the approving tone in which his father's last question was asked. The child nodded vigorously. Elrond nodded and glanced once more around the cellar. "Well, why do you not turn your attention to something your mother has assigned you for this week? Is there not a book she wants you to read, or something of that nature?" When Estel nodded, the elf stood. "Then come along," he instructed, gently turning the boy toward the closest flight of steps back to the upper level. Elrond noted the slight slump of his youngest son's shoulders. "Do not be too down, Estel. If you focus intently, you will be done with your assignment soon. You are lucky that you have so little to do; when the twins were your age, they had four or five times the amount of school." "Really, Ada? When they were my age - five years old?" Estel paused and looked up at his surrogate father. In reality, the little boy only had a little reading from a simple-worded book to help expand his knowledge of the world around him and slowly increase his reading skills. The twins, on the other hand, being of Elven-kind, had far more advanced intellectual powers than humans of the same age did - therefore they were already studying history, mathematics, and music. "Yes, my son," Elrond answered in amusement, "When they were five years old." "Wow... I am glad I don't have to do as much as they did!" Estel told his father.