Title: Just Let It Go Author: Raina Summary: On the eve of the celebrations for the coming new year, Legolas seeks solitude and remembers those fallen, and mourns their shortened lives. Disclaimers: Not my stage, I just like to write plays for it. A/N: This story was written for the Aragorn-Legolas Yahoo! group challenge issued by Rhonda, one of the dear Moderators. The Challenge was to write a story about New Year that included a New Year's tradition (whether your own yours and/or your family's or a more widespread tradition), plus had to have Legolas and/or Aragorn in it. Could take place in Mirkwood and/or Rivendell. Special thanks to Kelenloth , who helped me out several times when I got stuck in the story, and for her abundant support. Thanks goes to Tira Archer , for beta reading and encouragement. And last, but certainly not least, I extend my gratitude to MCross who gave me much needed input, helping me get my thoughts in order, and beta'ed the story. All three of these wonderful people were there for me while I was writing this story, and they helped me out in their own special ways. Even when they didn't have any suggestions, just speaking to me about it helped me clear my head and figure out how to get over the next hurtle that came along. Arms held straight and still, right hand resting on the ready weapon just to the right of the elf's chin, left hand firmly holding the curved wooden end of the bow, legs evenly spaced apart, target clear. The barely imperceptible movements of fingers twitching was the only warning of the release of the deadly projectile on the bow string. The twang of the string and the whistle of the arrow flying through the air was music to the elf's ears, and the expected thump of a lifeless body hitting the ground was the perfect beat of a drum in time with the rhythm of the song of life in the woods around him. A prayer was sent up from the grateful being in thanks to the animal's sacrifice for his people. Nary a sound was made as the elf approached the fallen creature, pleased with his catch. The elk was a large one, and would make a fine addition to the feast come the eleventh day of celebration for the coming of the new year. It was a long held tradition that the celebration of the new year was marked by eleven days of festivities, each day having its own mode of celebration. The festival would begin with the first day set aside for complete silence, no words were to be spoken except for the most necessary of communication. This day of silence was to reflect upon the year's happenings and your past behaviour, and if necessary pardon was sought after that day for your transgressions. After that first day of silence, the halls would be filled with noise of the convivial gathering. But the very last day would be the greatest of all, for the feast would be the most magnificent. As the elf worked on gutting and dressing the game, his thoughts turned to another tradition for this time of year. He needed to write down his resolutions for the arriving year; most of the elves in his kingdom had given up the practice years before, but there were some that still honoured the custom - among those were his family and friends, including himself. It was tedious work, disembodying the elk, but due to his mental abstraction it was easier then normal to ignore. By the time he had skinned the creature and set the pelt aside, then cleaned the skeleton of all meat, the elf could hear the approach of the rest of his hunting companions. Soon they arrived carrying various other foods from their own forages, ranging from small beasts to wild plants; some even toted eggs and nuts. "I see his highness has saved the best catch for himself." One of his friends gibed. He did not make a rejoinder, however he graced his friend with a good-natured smile. The foragers set about preparing the elk provisions for departure. The one who had spoken before slowly approached the elf and his catch, staring down at the collected game. "Thank you, my friend, for your generous donation," he prayed softly aloud to himself, then turned to the other elf. "Well, Legolas, it seems you are set on besting all of us this hunting trip." "Was not my intention, my friend. However, it is not hard to see how I could best any one here when you do not even try." Legolas smiled tauntingly at his friend before turning away. His hands were still coated in the remains of the elk and he wished to cleanse them before he went any further with anything. "Mothran, may I make use of your water supply? I desire to remove this grime." "Certainly, sire." Mothran helped Legolas to employ the water vessel and once they had finished, the rest of the party were more than ready to be off home. Excitement for the days to come hung in the air around them, putting springs into their steps and a strange lightness into their hearts. Due to the ever encroaching darkness and evil around them, it was more important than ever to make the celebrations of another year's passing something memorable. Otherwise the passage of time would not be thusly noted - time held no sway over Elves as it did Humans, for eternity stretched before them and a simple year was naught in comparison. This particular year marked another century of fighting and surviving yet Legolas found hope in remembering that which mattered most - after one hundred years his people were still here. It helped for him to continue the fight when he took the battling in increments of one hundred years. Legolas tried not to focus on the fact that fending off the taint of evil was something that continued to go on and on as the centuries passed away into the millennia. Depression was kept at bay among the Elves of Mirkwood by remembering that after all of those centuries of fighting, they were still there to continue battling. However it was necessary to keep hope kindled in their hearts by celebrating the fall of winter to spring each year; maybe not with elaborate feasts that marked the celebration of glorious victories, but with slightly smaller festivities that were still very much enjoyed. Thus it was that all of this had brought Legolas and several friends out into the woods to forage for meats and other foods for the table of his father - the King - in the days to come. A sense of anticipation hung in the air around the group as they continued on their way back to the palace; one could assume that the elves' thoughts may have been lingering on the mouth-watering ideas of just how the cooks would see fit to prepare the fruits of their labour that they were bringing. This time of year was one for reflection, and that is what Legolas found himself already doing. His thoughts did not dwell upon food or the celebrations ahead, unlike his companions; his thought process was taken up in memories of those that had died that year, and years before that. Legolas' heart was saddened by those missing elves, but he could appreciate their sacrifice. And so it was that later, after they had all returned to the palace and delivered their burdens, Legolas took his leave of his friends and made his way out to a place where he could reflect and remember in peace. His destination was the rock face from which the palace had been erected into, only it was a little more then a league away from the edifice. However, once he reached that area, Legolas was not quite finished with his traversing. With skill and familiarity, the elf prince began to ascend the rock face, climbing with adeptness that spoke of rock-climbing knowledge. There was another route, that others would consider safer, on an inclining path not too far away, but Legolas preferred the challenge of cliff-climbing. It took quite a bit of time to accomplish such a feat, but the prince used the time to think about those lost, the battles they had fought, the battles they had to fight in the near future, and the arriving new year. Legolas found the concentration of climbing to help quiet his mind, and his thoughts were therefore more clearer on the subjects he had them dwelling upon. Many were the number of those that were lost during this last year of battles, and their deaths weighed heavily on his heart. It was not right that immortal lives had to be cut so short, and it was this thought that helped to drive the prince to continue combatting the forces of darkness. His contribution in the fighting seemed like nothing compared to the gift of their lives that those passed on had given, though. Back towards the beginning of his fighting, there was a friend of Legolas' named Aglarion who had died right before his eyes. Aglarion had been a childhood friend, and it was hard to watch his friend fall to the hands of such evilness that the orcs carried with them. Then there had been Lhachien a few years later, who had taken a shot in the back when they were ambushed on the return journey from a border patrol. One of the most hardest blows though had been when his younger brother, Aron, was taken by the spiders and eaten before they could get to him. It was the worse hit that Legolas had taken thus far in the war, for he had felt so helpless to save his brother. Eventually, the prince had been able to deal with the pain so that it did not continue to hurt so much when he recalled the incident. He found comfort in knowing that one day, he would see that smiling, dear face of his sibling again. As with all war, it was full of casualties, and there were so many of his loved ones that had had their voices silenced and their hearts stilled. Legolas had learned through the years how to recover from their deaths and give his all once more to his life quickly, but there had been a fatality earlier that waning year that still burned deep. Siltathar had shown a lot of potential in becoming a great warrior, and he had been in Legolas' charge. Legolas was instructing him, helping the young elf to better himself; and Legolas was the reason Siltathar was no longer with them. The elf had been so young, much younger than any of his other friends that had died; fresh out of regular training - any thing more he could learn was to be field experience - but the ellon had stepped in front of a swing meant for Legolas. It had been a most honourable thing to do, and there were many people proud of the deceased elf, but for Legolas the wound still hurt when the wind blew too hard through it. His guilt was overwhelming at times; he found it hard to live with himself, knowing that sword swing was meant for him and not the young ellon. Legolas could still hear Siltathar's voice in his head. -- flashback -- Warm blood flowed over the prince's hands as he stared down at the dying elf before him. Siltathar was bleeding profusely from a wound in his side, and despite how much Legolas wanted to deny it he knew there was nothing that could be done for the young ellon. "'Tathar," Legolas began, sighing slightly, sadness creeping into his defeated voice. "Why did you do it?" Siltathar smiled wanly, knowing his prince well enough to know that Legolas