Title: It Is Tradition Author: Raina Summary: From impish ideas, snowball fights - and the true meaning of the phrase 'revenge is a dish best served cold ' - and decking the halls, to gift-giving and sleigh riding - these elves sure do know how to celebrate Yuletide. Throw in a happy ranger and a devilish elf-prince, the twins and a few others, this Yuletide story is a tale of the light-sided things that happened to these famous people. Disclaimer: Not my stage, I just write performances for it. Written for the Naked Yule Challenge: Write a Yule story featuring Legolas, Aragorn and Glorfindel . You may include other characters, but those three MUST be included. You MUST include a naked elf, a horse, snow, and someone's confession . You must also incorporate a real world Christmas image that can be adapted into a Middle-earth culture. For example: mistletoe, holly, Star, lighted tree, shepherds, wisemen, mangers, little drummerboys, yule songs, yule logs, angels, etc. The rest is up to you! A lone figure on horseback slowly approached the lights that signaled where the homes of Rivendell rested along the valley floor. As he drew nearer, he dismounted from his equine to walk through the streets of Imladris on foot so as to better enjoy the sights of the jovial inhabitants. He traversed the streets at a leisurely pace, welcoming the lovely spectacles of the season. Windows, lit a warm and inviting red and orange colour from the fires inside, showed those of the house that choose to sit by the flames and converse with their family and friends. The people inside would wave from the glow at those on the streets when they happened to look out through their windows. Chimney smoke blew gently as snowflakes quietly fell into his eyes, where they would rest lightly upon his eyelashes. It was a comely day, with the sun barely peeking through the clouds crowding her vision and her rays shining down to kiss the snowflakes that fell and to dance across the ground beneath the elves' feet. The light would scintillate off of the white precipitation with a sparkling brilliance that made the world a pleasing sight. It was days like these that made winter a season worth living through. The individual made his way into a courtyard outside the Last Homely House, and from there he took his horse to a cozy stable to tend to it before he allowed himself to set foot inside the comfort of the house. Once he had cared for the mount, he made his way to the entrance to the house; stepping inside the warmth of the home, he tapped his boots against the doorframe to dislodge the snow clinging to them. As he did so, several people hurried across the Receiving Hall toward him, their faces alight with warm greetings. "Did you bring it?" One of them inquired. He grinned. "Yes, I brought it." He shouldered out of his cloak, shaking it to remove the snow that had gathered upon it. One pair of gray eyes watched the snow fall from the cloak, and a frown turned his lips. "Ada will not be happy if he found out you tracked all of that snow inside." Though his face was serious, his eyes belied that solemn expression by dancing with mischief and joviality. "Your father does not have to know about it." The offender replied lightly. "Very well, Legolas, but the maids will probably have a thing or two to say about it." The other crossed his arms. "Come now, Elrohir, do you really think so?" The peredhel nodded. "Ah, but alas, they cannot very well say something to me about it if I am not to be found." Laughing, Legolas tapped the other elf's arm as he slipped past him. "And I plan on being far away from here when they come by!" He could sense that two of them were following him and he heard the proof that the third greeter was drawing abreast of him. "Honestly, Estel, must you be so loud?" Estel shot his friend an annoyed look, though it was ruined by the happiness that continued to dance inside his silvery coloured eyes. "No, but I was trying to catch up with you." The young man paused. "Must you walk so fast? Are you truly that afraid of what the maids will think of the melting snow in the foyer?" Legolas chuckled. "Not really, but I was not aware that you had trouble keeping pace with me." The elf gave his friend a taunting look. With a good-natured huff, Estel folded his arms and easily kept step with his friend. "Where is your father, Estel?" Legolas looked around, wondering why the elf lord had not greeted him first hand and insisted on looking him over for any signs of trouble. The young man flashed a bigger grin. "Ada is taking a bath at the moment, he has to be ready early for the ceremonies." Legolas nodded and then turned to the twins. "When must we start getting ready?" Elladan shrugged and Elrohir said, "Not for a few more hours." "Good. Because I am getting hungry." It baffled Legolas why they laughed at his statement, but the wondering did not steal the smile from his face. The season was too much of a joyful one to not feel like smiling. "Do not eat too much, you will not be hungry later." Elladan cautioned. "I know, I know. This is only a snack." Their blond haired friend replied. "Oh! Did we mention that we need to help with last minute decorations in the hall?" Elrohir enquired. "You mean, I get to help deck the halls?" An impish smile appeared on the prince's face. "No devilish notions and schemes, alright?" Estel waved a finger, but then paused as Legolas' expression turned sullen in a pout. "Unless, I can be in on it!" He added with a laugh. "We shall see." Legolas said slyly, his smirk growing. "Impish ideas? Do tell!" Elrohir leaned forward in excitement waiting for Legolas to inform them of his plans. "No, I do not think I will." The elf smirked. "You tease!" Elladan glared. "Now wait a moment!" Legolas protested around the bite of pastry he had just taken. "Legolas, did your mother never teach you proper manners? You should know better then to talk with food in your mouth." Legolas cast Estel a glare, but did not make a retort to the man's taunt. Instead he turned back to Elladan. "You all have done the same thing to me over the years, it serves fair that I return the favour." With that he put the rest of his snack into his mouth and ran out the kitchen door. They all quickly followed him out into the hall and Estel suggested they go outside. "After all, it is a delightful day! And we have a little time before we have to get busy helping decorate." "Yes, we can do that. But first I need to make a stop by my room." With that Legolas left them for his rooms, and they departed to grab their light wraps for the chilly air. Legolas silently slipped into his room, and began to remove his gear. He carefully placed most of his weapons away, but kept several small daggers on him. Before leaving, he gently laid a small wrapped package on his desk. He did not wish to damage its contents if there was any boisterous play. As he left his room, he threw a look out the window at the peaceful, white world outside. It made excitement stir in his chest and he hurried out of his room and down the hall for a door leading to that inviting world. When he arrived, he found that his friends were already enjoying the day's beauty. There was laughter and peace among them all as they walked through the sparkling terrain. "Legolas," Estel whispered as he quietly snuck up. "What do you say to a snowball fight?" "I say...,"- the elf bent and scooped up some snow, packing it quickly into a ball. -"your brothers are in for it!" He released his harmless weapon at an unsuspecting younger twin. Elrohir stiffened as the missile struck his shoulder. Slowly he glanced back at them as his twin hid a grin; Elladan's grin however was replaced by a look of shock as well when Estel quickly threw a snowball and it was Elrohir's turn to smile. "This means-" Elladan began; then he and his twin shouted together, "WAR!" "Most certainly! How long did it take you to figure that one out?" Legolas shouted, being unable to contain his banter. He ducked a snowball thrown from Elladan, but was not so lucky when it came to dodging Elrohir's own. It was not long before the peaceful world was turned into a rampant battleground, with deadly snowballs flying back and forth in a pattern that really had no rhyme or reason. The only things definite were that the twin sons of Elrond were fighting a carefree young man and a laughing wood-elf. Suddenly a sly smile spread across the ranger's face as he glanced at his friend. A sneaky idea had popped into his head, and next he stooped to retrieve some snow to carry it out. It took mere seconds for him to make his preparations and then with a flick of his wrist he sent his plan into action. Estel then promptly leapt behind a tree, a huge grin decking his features. The missile struck its target, Legolas, and the elf spun around with a surprised look decorating his face. "Aragorn!" He gasped, but the man had ducked behind a tree before he had even turned. A little squirrel that had paused to examine the flying snow and gay activities, could only shake its mammal head at the antics of these strange folk it had the pleasure of living near. Before scampering off to its warm nest, the squirrel added 'devious' to the young man's personality examination. "Oh, you are in trouble now, ranger!" Legolas yelled. Estel sniggered at his friend's response then took off running, knowing full well he was in for it. Due to the fact that Legolas could run across the top of the snow, and Aragorn sunk slightly into it, the wood-elf was able to overtake the ranger. Estel tried a few evasive tactics, but in the end Legolas tackled him to the ground. Once he had successfully pinned the young man, Legolas' retaliation came in the form of snow being shoved down the ranger's shirt. The ranger gasped at the sudden change in temperature on his chest beneath his clothing. Legolas just grinned widely. "Get up! Let me up! That is cold!" Aragorn tried to push the elf up, and managed but only because his blond haired friend allowed himself to be moved. Estel jumped to his feet, shaking his shirt and trying to dislodge the snow inside. Not only was it cold, but as some of it melted and trickled down him it tickled something awful! Aragorn proceeded to do a strange jig as he tried to get the delicate ice crystals out of his clothing. He created quite a comical sight, and he could hear his brothers laughing. Aragorn glared at the twins in mock anger as they drew closer to the ranger and wood-elf. "You realise that glare is destroyed by the fact that you are still hopping around trying to get snow out of your shirt?" Elrohir laughed at the sight of his disheveled younger brother. With another glare, Aragorn reached up his clothing and removed the last of the offending substance his friend had seen fit to give him. What happened next Elrohir was not prepared for; Estel tackled him to the ground unexpectedly, where they began to wrestle with each other as Aragorn tried to put snow down Elrohir's tunic. "Look what you