The Consequence of Miracles This story comes with a very strong content warning. If you're not okay with dark adult themes, I'd say maybe don't read it. Nothing graphic. Chapter 1 For some, youth and innocence eases away in a lazy march of days and nights, an indefinable series of happy or sick little moments. Seemingly grave secrets among friends, the obligatory first sips of stolen, lukewarm beer leading to cheap brown booze on the weekends; slippery fingers practicing and learning, turning to skill then know-how then wanting. There are sweet, heart-pounding declarations and crass words that arouse and useless fears that keep you up at night. You have no idea that your worries are insipid and stupid, however, until they are put into horrifying perspective. And that, I think, is how childhood often comes to a sad little end- eagerly, we push it out fist first in favor of the rush of seedy nights and questionable decisions. We call it boredom or sophistication or the need for more and right now , never realizing we are losing a certain magic that belongs only to youth, never understanding that once we push it away, it doesn't come back. I think that's the way it goes, anyway. Unless you are an unlucky one, when youth doesn't float or slip from your all too-willing and open fingers. For the unlucky ones, it goes like this: you are on that same track that all youth forges through at reckless speeds, coasting along in waves of hilarious moments and shimmering, sparkling light, but the laws of inertia- the fundamental rules of a physical existence that you never bothered to pay much attention to- bombard and shove and all of it- the laughter, the light, the innocence- it all goes away in an single instant; a moment so full of impact and specificity that it has a time and a date. For me, anyway, it has a time and a date. June 3, 2008 I was bent over the kitchen sink, the warm water running. I used my mom's threadbare dishcloth to scrub the red # 4 from my right cheek and the initials EC from my left, practically rubbing them raw in my haste while keeping one eye on the clock above the microwave. "Slow down, Bella. It'll be his birthday for the rest of the day," my mom laughed, her hair windblown, her cheeks sun-kissed from sitting in the bleachers all day, just as I had been. Just like all of Forks had been. "Where you off to, anyway?" my dad asked, his head poking in the fridge. "It's his sixteenth birthday," I replied, as if this were somehow an answer to the question. "I know that. The whole damned town knows that," my dad muttered, emerging from the fridge with a loaf of Roman Meal and a bottle of beer. "I think they declared it a bank holiday. Did we even get mail today?" "Stop it, Dad," I said, digging through my big, crocheted bag for a tube of Chapstick. "You sound jealous." My mom took the bread from his hands and lay it on the counter, a small smile on her face. "More like knowledgeable," he amended with a single nod of his head before swatting lightly at my hair. "I wasn't born yesterday, Bella. No drinking out there, especially if he's driving around. You call home for a ride." "Dad, it's not even like that. We're-" "Fifteen." "He's sixteen today, remember?" "Just say 'okay, dad. Best dad in the world, most handsomest Dad, ever, I will do exactly as you say,'" he intoned, twisting the top from his beer. He waggled his jaw over the rim from side to side, making his mustache dance and mock like he had done for as long as I can remember. "Okay, Best Dad Ever," I said, my voice taking sarcasm to new heights of teendom. "You forgot most handsomest," my mom chided, pointing a mustard-covered knife in our direction. "I'm not saying that. Goodbye," I scoffed, but my dad dodged and stood in front of me. "Home by eleven." "Thirty." "O'clock. And look, in a former life, I was a boy, believe it or not. I do know things." "Like what?" I asked. "How to match your loafers with your Dockers?" "Like. what it's like to be sixteen with a new license on a beautiful spring day after winning the biggest ball game of my life on my birthday and then going to pick up the coolest girl in the world." I almost blushed at the compliment. "Thanks, Dad." "And having a penis. I know about having a penis and then going to pick up the coolest girl in the world. So don't you go and get carried away, now." "Dad, you didn't play baseball. And your birthday is in December." "But I was the coolest girl in the world," my mom called out. I turned to fix her with narrowed, disgusted eyes and tried to hold in my laughter as she cut the crusts off of my dad's sandwich. She held it out to him and he swaggered over, grabbing it and taking an exaggerated, over-large bite. He chewed thoughtfully before turning to look at me again. "Hey, I played take-no-shit dodgeball in Loser PE. It makes no difference, I was still a boy with a penis, and your mother here was still the coolest girl in school. And now, here we are," he said significantly, waving his sandwich in a wild circle to include all three of us. "That just goes to show you it all always comes down to one thing." "Goodbye," I said with a shudder before he could articulate what the one thing was. I already knew anyway; I had been read the teenage pregnancy riot act every time I went out since that first night Edward had thumped a little too hard on the screen door and a startled Charlie and Renee watched helplessly as I rushed out the door with a breathless "hi", my bright red face and happy eyes studiously avoiding the stunned looks of my parents. "Hell of a game, though," my dad called to my back, and I just knew he was doing that practice bat swing he does constantly, sandwich included."That kid is one helluva ballplayer." Here is the sickest and most deceiving part about everything that came before midnight that day: for the first time in my averagely charmed life, I was grateful to simply be. I waited on the curb in the late afternoon sun, swinging my bag around my feet and smiling at nothing but my own shadow and the deceiving calm of the air around me. I knew it then but now I know it with sharp, jarring clarity: when the sun starts its meandering path toward eventual darkness is when deviant and devious possibilities come out to play, and you never know what mischief there might be to discover. It was the first time I can recall pausing and thinking things are perfect . It was one of those sunshine blue days when the music should be loud and everything, everything is so sublime that you can't help but smile and know for sure you are a lucky one. Later, I would wonder if I hadn't jinxed lives just for pausing and recognizing my own happiness. Edward pulled up, the radio blaring a Johnny Cash CD I'd stolen from my dad ages ago. There was mud on the rims of his used pickup, a blue beast of a truck that used to sit on blocks in his backyard, barring the times he not-so-secretly took it out to tear up the back roads of our small town. He'd been driving sans license for at least a year now. He leaned over to open the door from the inside and peered up at me, dark, damp hair drying in every direction due to the open windows, eyes lit with victory and the post-celebration on his mind. He looked me over from top to bottom without moving his head, a slow, mischievous smile transforming him from a handsome boy into the suggestion of something that would devastate me and other girls and probably a lot of boys for decades to come. "Well if it isn't the star pitcher of Forks High," I said with fake apathy, hauling myself up into the truck. I put a hand to my forehead. "Don't you have fans to appease or something? What are you doing here?" "I heard you put out," he replied, making his gum crackle with a flourish and chomping his mouth shut into a deceptively sweet smile before shifting the truck into drive. "Yeah, well. Only for boys in white tights." "They aren't tights," he said for what was probably the hundredth time in the past eighteen months. He yanked on my ponytail before taking off. I scooted over and kissed his cheek, then his neck. When I moved up to his ear I could feel his smile, the bristle on his jaw moving against my chin with the motion of it. He turned to catch my lips once before gently palming my entire face and pushing me back into the seat. We were always physical then, always with the touching or the pushing or the shoving or the grabbing and pulling; kids on the edge of play and sex, I suppose, all of that energy and the constant need to be touching and feeling. I put my feet on the dash and looked over at him. "Really. Congratulations. Champ ." "Say it. Say I win everything," he said, poking me in the ribs. "Say I'm best." "I saw you almost drop that ball at the top of the sixth." In a flash his long arm reached over, grabbing my thigh, doing that terrible squeezing tickle thing, making me yelp and cackle. "Say I'm best," he demanded again, leaning forward, his torso halfway over the wheel, keeping up with my lopping thigh. "Say it or you'll never get this pretty leg back." "You're the best," I shriek-laughed. He let go of my leg with a satisfied smile. "At sucking." "Why you gotta be so mean?" he groaned. "All I do, day in, day out is think of you, and this is how you repay me?" "You think of how to get into my pants, Cullen." "Oh, right." He turned and grinned at me, his eyes making an obvious path from my face down to my lap. "Stop it, pitcher, or I'll break that arm," I drawled, readjusting my ponytail as he laughed. He snapped his gum again and turned to face the road. "No baseball talk. Tell me something you're good at," he insisted. I faced the window with my smile, thinking up something good for this particular, familiar game. "You'd be a good ballerina." "Very funny," I said, turning to flick his ear. "Well, you smell too good to be a lady of the night. How about a mermaid siren on legs?" "Stop it." "Throwing knives in the circus?" "And at birthday boys." "Ouch." "Not all birthday boys." "This boy?" he asked, pointing at himself. "Undecided." "You'd be good at collecting quarters from laundromat machines. That's a skill." "You're so dumb right now." "I don't think anyone will pay you to insult nice birthday boys." "I'll do that pro bono, pal." "You could be mine," he said seriously. He reached to let one finger drag over the very faded initials I had tried to scrub off of my cheek. "Always that," I said. "Yeah. Hey." "What?" "You know. All this baseball stuff…you know I'd follow you anyway and anywhere, right?" "What if I went to Siberia?" "Me, too." "A convent?" "Me, too," he said, then turned to me, kind of serious. "People in this town find one thing to focus on, and I get it. I get that people want to be excited about something, but to me, it's not