Thank you very much to The Walrus and the Carpenter for helping me Beta this document. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Bright Moon. Chapter 1.-Getting ready. POV: Amalia Valencia Location : Mexico (previously La Nueva España) Year: 1852 I t has been a few months since I have been able to sleep; between being nervous for Marian's disappearance and having constant coughing attacks. Not being able to rest explains why my body hasn´t been able to heal itself. I open my eyes and realize to my great surprise that the sun is no longer high in the sky; it is finding its way towards the west and lowering its altitude. The shadows from my window have moved as well. It seems I missed lunch; my stomach's kind enough to inform me with the noise it's making. I should go to the kitchen and steal something to keep me set until dinnertime. I stand up and feel the latest dizzy spell; at first my world becomes all black, as if I am wearing a black cloth over my eyes, and I feel my legs faltering. I hear a rustling noise that starts to sound far away, and grab the bedpost to prevent myself from falling. It's a good thing I am near the bed; my strength is faltering. I manage to sit down on the mattress and wait until I can finally focus my sight, and for the yellow walls to stop spinning. I close my eyes and breathe slowly, trying to get air into my lungs; however, it has been a long while since I´ve felt them completely fill themselves. My body is protesting once again; I had the false idea thinking that a couple of hours of siesta ( translation: nap) would compensate the lack of several months of sleep. I sigh, my stomach is going to have to wait for Jacinta to come and help me to the dining room. I hate being so weak—one would think I'd be used to it by now. All of my life I have been the sick child of the family, the one that couldn´t go outside to play with my sisters, go to a fiesta ( translation: party), or even to church. Papa arranged with the priest to come and join us for dinner every Sunday, and in return he would teach me about God. Most of my life I´ve been locked in this house. Papa's afraid the next sickness will be my last; so far I´ve proved them wrong. I´ve always manage to survive each and every one—even as a baby, being premature—but the odds are against me. Papa likes to tell me I was so little, I could fit in the palm of his hand, like a small doll, and that it was hard to believe I was a living creature. I manage to surprise every physician when I survive; unfortunately, my birth Mother, Angela, didn´t. The cholera was what provoked her going into labor earlier than anybody expected, and it was the reason she lost her life. However, I was lucky enough that she met me. "You are going to make it, my little Maya, you are a fighter." Jacinta likes to remind me, each time I get sick, what my Mother hopes were for me, her newborn child. I have been close to dying more than once, but it seems Death likes to check on me every now before deciding in the last minute that it isn´t my time to leave. I start feeling better and open my eyes. The yellow walls have stopped moving, and I can see my room properly. The window in the corner, letting the sunlight come in, informs me a storm is approaching. It's probably drizzling; the smell of wet grass is becoming more powerful, meaning it's not long before it starts to rain. I move my head around and see the piano at one corner of the room; its silence indicates that it misses my fingers running across the keys. Hanging in the wall next to it is the violin and the flute. It has been so long since the last time I played, ever since Marian disappeared six months ago. I can feel the hole that has formed in my heart fill with pain and longing. I miss her; this is so unlike her. I know something bad happened to her; she would have made every possible attempt to contact me, to let me know that everything is fine. Unfortunately, I haven´t received one single letter from her. At first, I was hoping she had run away with the man she loved. She was head over heels for him, but after Mama´s close inspection she decided he didn´t deserve a girl like her. He didn´t have what it took to be worthy, which in her terms, meant the right position and the right amount of money in the bank or land. She never cared he was good hearted, hardworking and that he like children. He would have been an excellent father to his children; it was obvious, especially the way he played with his niece and nephew in the park. I could see him from my bedroom window. Marian couldn´t have picked a better suitor; he never lied to any of us about his position, but Mama stopped her and threw him out of the house. "Preciosa," ( translation: Beautiful ) I turn slowly and see Jacinta coming in, my Nana. ( translation: Babysitter); She has been with us before I was born. She was a girl back then, but took me under her wing the minute my mother died. As usual she has a smile on her lips and her cheeks are rosy. She has a few strand of hair loose and some leaves in it. It seems she's had a quick meeting with Jose, her Corazón ( translation: heart ), as she calls him, "you finally woke up from your siesta." She looks so happy, I don´t want to ruin her beautiful smile. I won´t tell her about the latest dizzy spell "Yes, Jacinta." I smile back at her. "How is your Corazón?" her eyes widen, informing me that I caught her; she flushes. "Shhh, Niña ( translation: Child )! You are going to get me in trouble" She does a quick take back at the door and closes it behind her. She looks reproachful at me. She isn´t supposed to see Jose during her working hours, but I know nobody was near my room; I didn´t hear any creaking from the wooden floor. "Nobody is out there, Jacinta." I try to calm her nerves, and she sighs in relief. "But seriously, you should just get married. You have been dating for so long." I was ten years old when they both started seeing each other—a total of ten years. I almost feel sorry for Jose. "Besides you just can´t keep away from each other." I laugh when she flushes more. "Niña!( translation: Child! )" She laughs a little bit. "Let´s get you ready, before deciding what my future is going to be. Mama is expecting a visitor." Well that definitely killed the good mood. "Who is it going to be this time?" My voice whinny. I can still remember the last couple of ´suitors´ Mama brought. She's really is desperate to get Marissa married. The first candidate was closer to Papa´s age; the second one, I wouldn´t wish that man on anybody—not only he was not good looking, but he had no sense of humor whatsoever, and no patience for Marissa. "Someone new," Jacinta answers me while she opens my closet and analyses the dresses hanging in it. Her face is pensive; it seems it must be somebody important, considering how much thought she is giving to the decision. She finally pulls two dresses out, and brings them closer to the bed. As soon as I see them my hopes go down to the floor; both of them would require the oxygen deprive cage, known better as a corset. "We could use the brown dress, that won´t need a corset," I say, but Jacinta cuts me off with her headshake. She makes her way to the side of the bed where I am sitting and takes my arm and prepares to help me get up. Where she gets her strength from is a complete mystery; we are the same height—her build is thicker than mine, but not by much. "Slowly on the count of three," she says gently while looking at my eyes. "Okay," I prepare myself while Jacinta counts. She pulls me up slowly and supports my weight until she verifies that my legs are holding me up, and there is no danger of me falling down. I give her a reassuring smile, but she doesn´t believe me. "Hold to the bedpost, Niña." I do as I'm told; I know she's not going to let go of me until I comply with her wishes. Once I am done she moves quickly. "Mama should let Marissa enjoy being single a little longer—she just turned fifteen last week," I continue the previous topic, trying not to think about how hard breathing is going to become. I am already having a hard time with it as we speak. "Old enough according to her," she returns and starts to help me remove my previous dress. "I wish Marissa would stand up to her. I would hate to see her miserable for the rest of her life, because Mama thinks happiness is measure by the quantity of money her husband has," I keep talking while helping Jacinta remove my dress the best that I can. The coldness of my room hits my almost naked body, making me shiver. Jacinta speeds up and puts the corset on me, and with her expert hands, start lacing it. "Let Marissa be the one to do that, Niña (translation:child). Don´t give her another reason to hate you." I roll my eyes at Jacinta; she can´t see it; her are eyes following the lacing she is working on. What is another item on the list going to affect? Mama has been counting on me dying for a long time—probably ever since she married Papa sixteen years ago. Every time death has decided to spare my life, it translates into her hating me more. There's nothing I can do about that. "If you ask me, Marissa should marry for love," I say, as Jacinta pulls the laces to tighten the corset. Immediately my breathing capacity reduces significantly, "not for convenience. Don´t you think, Jacinta?" "Niña, when they ask my opinion on the mater I´ll let them know, but right now, my position in the house is to help you and keep my opinions to myself." She continues tightening the laces "Who knows, maybe she can learn to love this new suitor." "Jacinta, you know better than anybody that you can´t force love," I say, and she chuckles, her mind probably back with Jose. "Look at poor Anna; what a terrible end she's had." Her hands hesitate for a moment, before continuing without any further comment. Anna was our neighbor who was around Marian's age. Her parents found a proper suitor who had an important position in the government. She was so excited about her wedding and worked together with her mother diligently with the arrangement. According to Marissa it was the wedding of the century; nobody doubted that Anna and her husband were happy—on that particular day. At least, that is what I heard, considering I was too sick to attend. However, life is not a fairy tale. The dream faded and reality arrived taking the bliss and happiness that the bride and groom displayed.