A/N: This was written for H&V's If the Prompt Fits Challenge. Thank you to dormiensa for being an awesome beta and Naeryna for the super fun West Side Story prompt. Now on with the show! I Hope I Get it! "Merlin, I hope I get it," Hermione prayed, adding the final ingredient to her cauldron. The potion prize was practically hers. Her potion was the perfect shade of puce. All she had left to do was stir her potion counterclockwise eight times and there was no way she could lose. "Five, six, seven, eight... Oof!" Hermione watched in horror as her perfectly puce potion turned a perfectly awful shade of aubergine. "You idiot!" she snapped, whirling around to glare at Draco Malfoy. "You bumped into me on purpose." "It's not my fault. Blame it on troll foot over here," said Draco, nodding his head at Terry Boot. "He's the one whose big feet got in my way. Luckily, I have quick reflexes, or my potion might look as horrid as yours. What color is that? Prune?" "It's aubergine," Hermione automatically corrected before adding sourly, "thanks to you." "I told you, it's all his fault. Look at those things," he said, pointing at Terry's feet. "They're as big as boats. Maybe instead of Boot, I should start calling him Boat. Ferry Boat." Draco laughed at his own joke and then snapped his fingers. "Crabbe, Goyle. Write that down. Boot's new nickname is Ferry Boat." Crabbe and Goyle let out huge guffaws. "Good one, Draco," they chorused. "I said, write it down," Draco ordered. He shook his head in annoyance as he watched his friends fumble around looking for parchment. Crabbe finally punched Ernie Macmillan in the arm and swiped the parchment he had been taking notes on. Waving it in the air, Crabbe said, "Got it, Draco." "Well, go on. Write it down," said Draco exasperatedly. "Sweet Merlin, it's not even going to be funny anymore." "It was never funny," Hermione retorted. "Not to mention, completely untrue," Terry bristled. "I'll have you know that my feet are of average size. According to The History of Wizard's Fashion Through the Ages , a typical wizard's shoe size is– " "Shut up, Terry," said Hermione, cutting him off before she had to hear anymore about wizard's fashion or the stupid size of his feet. "Really, Boot," said Draco, sneering at him. "You're embarrassing yourself. No one cares about your averageness." Terry puffed out his chest importantly. "I am not average. I am a Ravenclaw," he declared pompously. "The House with the brightest wizards who–" "Haven't won the House Cup in decades," finished Draco. "You know what they say, 'Big head, small brain. Big feet, small...'" "I dare you to finish that sentence," said Terry, pulling out his wand. "Peee-nisss," said Draco, drawing out the word. Terry turned beet red. Hermione rolled her eyes. "And besides having a small penis, I'm betting you don't have any balls either. Should I call my friends over and we can find out for sure?" asked Draco pointedly. Terry glanced over at Draco's brutish minions and pursed his lips in resignation. Shoving his wand in his robes, he angrily went back to his potion and, stirring it a little too vigorously, turned it a bright shade of magenta. "Looks like the potion prize is mine," commented Draco, smiling. "I know what you're up to," said Hermione, poking him hard in the chest. Draco looked down at her finger on his chest and smirked. "Oh, do you now?" Hermione quickly pulled her hand away and wiped it on her robes. "You're trying to steal my prize. Because along with that shiny ribbon and the bragging rights comes fifty House points. You're trying to win the House Cup." "So what if I am?" Draco challenged. "Who's going to stop me? You and your prune-colored potion?" Hermione scowled at him but didn't reply. Draco smirked. "Like I said, looks like there's nothing standing in my way of getting the prize, the bragging rights and the House cup." He turned back to his potion to collect a sample to turn into Professor Snape and was surprised to find his potion had turned to the consistency of sludge. "Nothing except for your horrible potion skills." Hermione snickered. "You did that on purpose!" Draco accused. "Don't put that on me," said Hermione, looking down at his potion in disgust. "I couldn't brew something that awful if I tried. You probably can't even get that muck into a vial. Looks like your potion skills just aren't up to snuff. I guess that potion prize is mine after all." "Oh, I wouldn't be too sure of that," said Draco, picking up a handful of Sneezewort. "You don't give me enough credit. I know quite a bit about potions. For example, I know exactly what would happen if I dumped this into your cauldron. Do you?" Hermione's eyes widened in shock, but she quickly composed herself. "You wouldn't dare. You'd get detention and lose precious House points." Draco looked around. "I don't think so. Professor Snape seems to have conveniently slipped out of the classroom. When he returns to discover your potion plastered all over the ceiling, who do you think he's going to blame?" Scowling, Hermione grabbed her own handful of Sneezewort. "And what do you think he'll assume if he discovers your potion on the ceiling as well?" "Probably that the Head Girl and Head Boy are fighting again," Draco replied coolly. "Fortunately for me, you're too much of a goody two shoes to go through with it." "You really don't know me at all," she replied with a smirk before tossing the Sneezewort in both of their potions. Teenagers are Les Misérables Snape angrily swept into the teacher's lounge and slouched down into his usual chair with a scowl on his face. "What's the matter, Severus?" asked Pomona. "Someone leave a couple of inches off their essay?" "Perhaps someone chopped their Shrivelfig coarsely instead of finely," suggested Minerva, trying to hide her smile. "Oh, I know!" said Filius. "Someone breathed the wrong way." "Very funny," said Snape sourly. "For your information, someone blew up my Potions classroom." "Finnigan?" they all guessed in unison. "No. The constantly bickering Head Girl and Head Boy. I swear, I was out the room for five minutes and–" "Were you sneaking out to listen to your stories on the wizarding wireless again?" guessed Pomona. "Don't tell me what happened between Frederick and Grizelda. I recorded it for later." "I don't listen to that trash," Snape huffed indignantly. "I was running an errand and when I returned the whole classroom and everyone in it, aside from Terry Boot, who was apparently the only one smart enough to cast a Shield Charm, was covered in aubergine- and puce-colored sludge." "Ooh, remind me to give Mr. Boot ten points for his quick thinking and acumen," said Filius excitedly. "I think we might be in the running for House Cup this year." "I don't know what you were thinking making the two of them Head Girl and Head Boy, Dumbledore," grumbled Snape. "Those two obviously can't work together." "Perhaps they just need to spend more time together," Dumbledore replied. "They are going to be spending time together... in detention," retorted Snape. "You know," mused Pomona. "I've been thinking that maybe the reason they bicker so much is because they're smitten with one another." "Smitten, you say?" said Dumbledore, his ears perking up. "What a good idea." "No," said Snape. "Absolutely not. He's a Slytherin. She's a Gryffindor. It will never happen." "It's just like Tony and Maria," said Dumbledore dreamily. "Who?" said Snape, looking confused. "From West Side Story ," Pomona explained, rolling her eyes. "It's kind of like Romeo and Juliet only with singing and snappy dance numbers. I'm afraid Dumbledore's going through a musical phase." "Dear Merlin," said Snape gravely. "You know, I've been meaning to ask you to brew up a lust potion for me, Severus," said Dumbledore, a twinkle in his eyes. "I hate to bother you, though, since I know you're so busy. Perhaps you could have your students do it during detention." "You want me to have students brew up a lust potion? For you?" said Snape incredulously. "Well, yes. I'm all out," replied Dumbledore as though that answered everything. "You can't be serious," said Snape in disbelief. "Oh, but I am. They'll get along or suffer the consequences and really get along." Snape sighed. "I have a feeling we might be hearing from Draco's father about this." Dumbledore waved his hand dismissively. "I can take care of him." "Fine," snapped Severus, standing up to leave. "This is all your fault, Pomona," he hissed as he was passing her. "And by the way, Frederick and Grizelda broke up. Grizelda's husband showed up and stopped the wedding before they could say their vows. Her husband turned out to be none other than Frederick's twin brother." "Tobias?" Pomona gasped. "But he's dead." "Not anymore," said Snape dramatically before sweeping out of the teacher's lounge. Hermione Get Your Wand "I can do anything better than you." "No, you can't." "Yes, I can." "No, you can't." "Yes, I can!" "Enough!" snapped Snape, bursting into the room. "Your constant bickering is what landed you in detention in the first place. Don't force me to have to give you another one." "I'm sorry, Professor," said Hermione, glaring at Malfoy. "We were just having a disagreement over whose potion was better in class today. Perhaps, you can help us settle it." "They were both horrid," Snape replied in a monotone voice. "Yes, but wouldn't you say that mine was a little less horrid than his?" Hermione prompted. "No, I wouldn't." "Ha!" exclaimed Draco. "Mine was less horrid than yours. In your face, Granger." "They were both equally horrid," Snape retorted, putting an end to Draco's happy dance. "Now, enough of this nonsense. For your detention, you will be brewing a lust potion." "A lust potion," repeated Hermione in shock. "We can't do that!" "Speak for yourself, Granger. I'm perfectly capable of brewing a lust potion," said Draco smugly. "Looks like it's your potion skills that aren't up to snuff." "I can brew a lust potion," said Hermione angrily. "And I can brew it better than you can. The point is, we shouldn't be doing it in the first place. It's inappropriate." "Are you questioning my methods of detention, Miss Granger?" asked Snape, arching his eyebrow. "No?" said Hermione in a small voice. "The directions are on the board. You have one hour. When I return, I expect to find a perfectly brewed lust potion." "You mean one perfectly brewed lust potion and one mediocre one," joked Draco. "No, I mean one potion. You will work together." "What! We can't do that!" they both protested. "You can and you will. Your time starts now." Getting to Know You While Brewing a Lust Potion "This is all your fault," Hermione huffed, stomping to the potion cabinet to gather the supplies. "I'll brew the potion. Just stay out of my way and try not to mess things up." "I don't think so, Granger," said Draco, pushing her out of the way to grab his own supplies. "If anyone is going to brew this potion, it should be me. What would you know about lust potions?" "Like I would trust you to do it correctly," said Hermione, pushing him back. "And for your information, I have read all about lust potions." Draco let out a harsh laugh. "Just because you've read about it, doesn't mean you know anything. I hardly expect a prude like you could possibly comprehend the complexities of a lust potion. It's obvious you haven't had any practical experience." "And you have?" asked Hermione. "Is that why you have that harem of girls that always follows you around? You've Confunded them with a lust potion. That makes much more sense. Since it obviously has nothing