Throughout history, wizards had discovered countless ways to manipulate magic — just about every material could channel magic and every action could direct it. But, of all methods of magic, it was the soul-spell that was the most revered. A wizard could only ever have one soul-spell in their entire life, but once they performed it once, performing it again was as easy and instinctive as breathing. The animagus transformation and the metamorphmagus ability were two such soul-spells, as were things like parseltongue, soul-bonds, pyrokinesis, and a myriad of other abilities. You could only ever have one, and getting one would destroy your potential to learn another, but until that time, one could theoretically acquire any of them. Each soul-spell had a different way of being acquired. Some were merely the result of being born at exactly the right moment or being in the right place at the right time, while others needed a complex series of difficult rituals to acquire. And then there was the blood demon ritual. It was a seemingly simple ritual, but even the slightest variations created dramatically different results. One practitioner tried it and was turned into the first werewolf. Twelve others throughout history became the progenitors of twelve different strains of vampirism. Monsters, many of whom were lost to history, frequently appeared as a result of that ritual. All it took was two simple steps done while in the right general mindset: First, the user must drink the blood of a still living human with even the smallest drop of magic. Even squibs had more than enough magic to work with. Harry snapped. Rage, bottled up from seven years of abuse, exploded out of him all at once. With a feral cry, he leapt at his whale of a cousin. His fingernails clawed at the fat boy while he bit at his cousin with all his might. Blood gushed into his mouth. Without thinking, the young boy swallowed. His teeth stayed firmly attached, despite the flow of the crimson liquid, forcing him to swallow more every time his mouth filled up. Meanwhile, his hands clawed at Dudley's eyes. With his magic empowered by his rage, Harry's fingernails dug into Dudley with supernatural ease. And second, before the blood has been digested, the wizard must kill the person they drank from in the heat of passion. His nails, sharpened by his magic, slid across Dudley's throat. The strange, gurgling noise Dudley made was enough to snap Harry out of the strongest throws of his rage. It made him let go just enough that when the boot of his teacher collided with him, Harry went sprawling. Unfortunately, their teacher's intervention came far too late. By the time the ambulance came, Dudley Dursley was dead. The death was ruled accidental manslaughter. As Harry was only eight, the criminal justice system of England ruled that Harry was too young to be considered guilty of a crime. But, considering the nature of the crime and the Dursleys' on-record statements, a quiet investigation was launched anyway, just to see why Harry's attack on Dudley had happened and what had prompted Vernon and Petunia to act like they had. Harry's living conditions were revealed. The story briefly appeared on the muggle news but, thanks to the machinations of Albus Dumbledore and the magics he left to protect the Dursleys, the story itself never reached wizard eyes — not even Dumbledore's. Harry knew none of this. His mind was, at the time, far more preoccupied with the bizarre changes occurring in his body. He'd thought his actions were monstrous, silently agreeing with his aunt's accusing shouts of the same, and so his magic, wild and malleable under the effects of the accidental ritual, decided to make him into a monster. The blood-demon ritual, in actuality, was something of a defense mechanism possessed by all wizards. Its basic purpose was to give a wizard who was angry and desperate the strength to keep on fighting at all costs. When activated, the ritual's magic scoured the bodies of, its host, the victim, and any souls nearby for useful abilities. Then the magic latched onto its wizard's mindset, and using everything it had found, built a new body and powerset. The cost of the ritual was steep, but the benefits were far greater. One year later... Harry Potter slid open the window of his room in the orphanage. He crawled up onto the windowsill, then slipped out into the cool, foggy air of a London night. But the beast that hit the ground looked nothing like the boy it had been a second ago. With speed far greater than should have been possible for an animal that size, it dashed off into the night, only stopping once it reached a familiar alleyway a good distance away. The creature, only vaguely feline in shape, shifted. Its hind-legs grew longer while muscles thickened all across its body. Its front paws twisted and elongated until they formed functional but inhuman hands. Its eyes — all six of them — moved across its face while the skull itself rotated vertically relative to the spine it was attached to. The beast, once quadrupedal, stood up on its hind legs, now well adapted to a bipedal gait. Taking a running leap, it clambered onto the fire escape and quickly scaled the building with surprisingly little noise. Its eyes, glowing with emerald light, scanned the rooftop while its nose checked for hidden scents. Finding nothing of note, it settled down against the short wall that surrounded the flat rooftop garden. With little more than the barest of thoughts, as if merely flexing a muscle, the monstrous figure shifted back into the form of the nine-year-old Harry Potter. From the bag strapped to his back — which, like his clothes, had vanished when he'd transformed only to reappear when he'd turned back — Harry pulled out a very peculiar book. He'd gotten it from the library, but he'd had to hide it so that the matron of the orphanage wouldn't take it from him. As a "proud Christian woman," the idea of him — a boy who'd killed his own cousin — having a book on demonology, of all things, had frightened her. The first time he'd been caught with the book, he'd ended up getting spanked and had been burdened with far more chores than before. None were as bad as when he'd been at the Dursley's house, but he still hated it. Here though, on the roof of a distant building and under the light of the moon, he was free. He could do what he wanted. He could look for answers. Harry had no idea what had happened to him, but he'd hoped that this book, and books like it, had the answers. As he shifted back into his other form — it was growing more comfortable than his own skin — Harry flipped open the encyclopedia of daemons to the dog-eared page and continued reading. He hadn't found what he was yet, but he was sure the answer was somewhere. He flipped the page, but he found himself distracted. His aunt's last words to him echoed through his mind. "Your mother was a witch, and married that devil of a man. It's no wonder they had a hellspawn like you as a child." She didn't say anything about his other form, but Harry was struck with the feeling that she knew . If he was a monster, if he'd always been a monster, just waiting to shed his human skin, that would have explained so much — the hateful looks his "family" gave him, the indifference with which all the adults of Surry had treated him, and how he'd been able to kill without feeling regret. He was a monster, a demon . The thought brought him some measure of inner peace. He knew what he was, and thus he knew he definitely had some sort of place in the grand scheme of things. As he was only a child, he didn't really ponder the philosophical nature of what he was feeling, and simply was content with being himself. His musings were interrupted by his stomach growling. Harry was almost always hungry when in his demon form, even if he'd just eaten in his human form. He ignored it and turned his attention back to his book. The moon had moved a good distance across the sky when Harry's reading was interrupted once more. But rather than his own thoughts or his hungry stomach intruding, it was a pair of loud cracks, followed almost instantly by heated shouting from the alleyway below. Harry shifted into a quadrupedal form and slunk towards the edge of the roof. He peered down. Two men in strange clothes were down there, shouting at each other. They drew sticks and pointed them at each other. With a flick of their wrists, both men fired colorful bolts of light at each other. Back and forth, they exchanged barrages of light, and wherever the lights hit, strange things happened. One of them managed to land a hit with a green spell. The struck man instantly collapsed. He didn't move again. The other man nodded, satisfied. Then, with another loud crack, the victor vanished. Harry, acting almost on instinct, leapt down from the roof. Despite the several story drop, he landed gracefully on all fours without even a twinge of pain. Around him, the shadows twisted and extended, covering both him and the man, hiding them from view. But despite the darkness, his eyes saw just fine. The demon-boy slunk closer to the fallen man, then shifted to a smaller, less intimidating form. He nudged the man. The man didn't respond. He didn't wake. Harry pressed his ear to the man's chest, but despite his excellent hearing, there was no sound — neither the beat of a heart nor the breath of life. The man was dead. Harry placed his paw on the man's forehead. But rather than stop upon contacting the skin, his paw started flowing around the corpse's head. Harry's flesh stretched and grew, swiftly enveloping the man in a skintight cocoon that slipped under the corpse's clothing. The moment the man was entirely enveloped, Harry clenched. There came a sickening crunch as his bones were simultaneously crushed. Several more crunches followed as the fleshy cocoon shrank yet again. Within seconds, Harry's paw returned to its original size and shape. The only trace that there had ever been a man there was his empty clothing, his bag, and the fact that Harry's stomach was no longer rumbling with hunger. Of all the "demonic" abilities he'd discovered he'd had, that was perhaps both the most disturbing, yet satisfying one in his arsenal. The first time he'd absorbed someone was entirely accidental (and he'd been lucky he'd not been caught), but, after the initial rush of pleasure, it had left him feeling so strong and healthy. His demon form had grown significantly, while even his human form had grown bigger and healthier. Plus, it wasn't as if this guy was going to be using his body anymore. He'd already been killed by... Harry realized in that moment that he'd just seen a wizard's duel. It made sense that those flashes of light were spells. Realizing that the sounds probably would have drawn attention, Harry grabbed up the dead wizard's belongings and dashed away. Taking refuge behind a dumpster in a different alley, he sat down and started going through the wizard's belongings. The black robes, he folded and set aside. Then he grabbed the wizard's wand. He dropped it almost immediately after and shuddered; the way the wand had cozied up to his magic had felt pleasant in all the wrong ways. He got the impression that the wand was trying to molest him (and yes, he did know exactly what "molesting" entailed). Harry reached for the bag next. To his surprise, he found that it was