A little over one month ago, the human boy by the name of Harry Potter got himself chomped on by an utterly massive snake. Three weeks ago, as he was arriving back to Privet Drive, he started hearing voices — four of them, to be specific, and all of them also claiming to be Harry Potter. Two weeks ago, he forgot which of the voices was the original. One week ago, he ran away because his body was slowly transforming into something monstrous. And, as of three days ago, he stopped existing and we fully took his place. Allow us to introduce ourselves. We are Harry James Potter, and currently, we are a literal five-headed dragon. "Who is monologuing in our common mind?!" Blue Harry asked, not so much annoyed as curious. "Does it matter?" Yellow Harry retorted. "It could be any of us. It could be all of us together. We're still working this whole five-connected-heads thing out, Blue." " Yellow isss right," Green insisted. "It would be for the bessst to figure thisss out asss fassst asss possssible." His tongue flicked out, giving us all the combined sensation of smell and taste. As we were currently flying, there wasn't much to smell aside from the overall smell of forest. " it wasn't me..." the soft voice of Grey Harry muttered. "i swear i didn't do it." " NOBODY WAS ACCUSING YOU, MY LITTLE GREY HEAD!" Red Harry bellowed. "WE ALL KNOW THAT YOU ARE THE LAST OF US TO CAUSE TROUBLE!" Our other three heads nodded along, each one curling comfortingly around our grey head. Our common body, acting on instincts that we were sure weren't there before our mental split and physical transformation, banked to the right and started gently gliding towards the river bank below. About half a heartbeat later, we all fully recognized the smell that had lured us in that direction: rusted metal . Up until our transformation, we — no, Harry-the-singular — had thought that rusted metal had no scent. Our new noses begged to differ. In fact, almost everything smelled good nowadays. Normal food smelled better, yes, but metal also smelled good in an entirely different way. That, of course, lead us to actually tasting it. Imagine our surprise when we found that our teeth could shear through metal with ease, and that it tasted nothing like anything we'd ever eaten before, yet was as good as candy. Rusted metal, in particular, was extra tasty; it was like a sugar coating on a cookie, except not sweet. And as we descended, we found a great, big hunk of rusted metal. Once upon a time, it had been a car but now it was just the engine and body, partially submerged in the river. We landed, checked that we were decently alone, and then ravenously dug into the automobile's frame. Teeth gnashing, claws shredding, jaws chewing — it was a sight to behold. And, having five heads on long necks, we could actually watch ourselves feast. "Wicked! The tank still has some petrol left in it!" Yellow exclaimed, prying the tank free. Clamping his jaws around it, he hoisted it up using just the muscles in his neck and started drinking. We were all treated to that wonderful flavor and the invigorating feeling of the fuel entering our furnace of a stomach. Then, when the fuel was exhausted, Yellow chomped down on the tank itself, devouring the plastic with as much gusto as the rest of us ate at the metal. We were always hungry, nowadays. During the first parts of the transformation, when we still looked mostly like a human, we'd tried to just hide it. It was our appetite that did us in. The more we ate, the bigger we got, and the bigger we were, the more we needed to eat. Two days ago, we were about the size of a cow; now, we were big enough to eat a cow and not feel completely full. Tomorrow, we'd probably be big enough to eat more than one. "We have a point," Blue remarked, pausing in his eating to comment on the shared thoughts we were having. "Our rate of growth is ridiculous. How big are we going to get? The size of a lorry? The size of a castle? A mountain? And how would Hogwarts even feed us when we get that big?" " why would they take us back? we're nothing but a monster... we're not a wizard anymore..." The other three heads paused their eating, Grey's sobering words affecting all of us. Blue and Red both looked at Grey, then each other. Both wanted to speak, but neither knew exactly what to say. Yellow merely nuzzled up to Grey, having nothing to say. Only Green found the words. "Do we know that for sssure? Are we truly not a wizard any more? Or isss thisss sssome sssort of weird animagusss-y thing, like Professssor McGonagall turning into a cat?" Red grinned. "GREEN'S RIGHT! WE MIGHT STILL BE WIZARDS! OR, A WIZARD? WHATEVER! THERE IS HOPE YET!" Blue nodded sagely. "Agreed, my loud compatriot. And even if we are not a wizard in the strictest of senses, is is quite clear that we are still magical. How else would we fly like this? How could we eat metal, drink petrol, and breath fire without magic?" Green Harry hummed and slanted his head to one side. "A thought occurssss. Remember when Dobby got usss in trouble? Well, if we do manage to cast magic, the ministry might notice. On one hand — or claw? — if we causssse enough of a racket, they might come and invessstigate. We could get the attention of ssssomeone who could help ussss." He paused, leaning his head the other way. "On the other claw, we might get into actual trouble. If we are to be punissshed, I would rather be sssussspended for being a dragon than for our own ssstupidity." "Agreed," Yellow declared. "To be punished for trying to get help, for trying to help ourselves, that would be embarrassing." " BUT TO NOT KNOW WHETHER OR NOT WE CAN STILL USE MAGIC?!" Red roared. "That would eat at our curiosity like nothing else," Blue stated, finishing their shared thought. The other colors of Harry Potter nodded, including the still-drooping Grey. " i wish we could write dumbledore..." Grey murmured. "Mate, Hedwig will come back eventually. She will." " but what if she doesn't?" " STOP MOPING, GREY! WE ARE A DRAGON! WE CAN JUST FLY TO DUMBLEDORE!" When the other four heads turned to look at Red, he asked, "WHAT?" "We can fly," Blue deadpanned. As one, we chorused, "WE'RE ALL IDIOTS!" In our first year, we'd been so excited to make a new friend that we'd spent the whole trip engrossed in our conversation with Ron, unaware of just how many miles we'd covered. During our second year, we'd taken the flying car, which didn't exactly give a good sense of distance either. It took a very long time, let us tell you. Four days, to be specific. Sure, we could fly pretty fast, but we got tired easily. Each day was definitely better than the day before, but we could never make it that far before we had to stop to rest and, more importantly, eat. Merlin, we ate a lot — mostly rocks (bland) and trees (gross), but we caught animals when we could. Our new instincts helped a lot with the actual how of hunting, but nothing could have prepared us for seeing that deer splatter under the force of our claw swipe. It was a little hard to swallow — literally; it tasted great, but we kept wanting to gag as the mental imagery plagued us. "Definitely sticking with rabbits and foxes for now," Blue muttered after we'd finished the carcass off. He had a point, too; we could swallow anything smaller than a medium-sized dog in a single bite now. It wasn't any more filling than a single human-sized bite was for a normal person, and perhaps it was even less filling. It was, however, our only option in terms of meat that didn't involve splatter or setting parts of the forest on fire. By the time we'd made it to Hogwarts, we'd practically doubled in size. Proportionally, however, we were looking rather slim; whatever we'd been eating, it wasn't enough. Not by a long shot. " There are giant ssspidersss in the forbidden foressst," Green mused, though there was a decidedly mean tone to his hissing voice. "They did try to eat us," Blue agreed, bobbing his long head. " LET'S SQUISH THOSE SPIDERS!" Red roared. Yellow rolled his eyes. "Why don't we ask Hagrid first?" Red, Green, and Blue glared at yellow, while Grey snorted disdainfully. They knew Hagrid; he'd never consent to that. Ever . "Right. Forget I suggested that." " Let'sss get to the cassstle now. I don't really want to ssspend any more time outssside than we have to," Green declared. At his declaration, the consensus driving our body shifted, allowing him to walk us towards the castle on the hill. "And if Dumbledore can turn usss back, I'd rather eat asss a human." "True." "DEFINITELY." "Agreed." "allright, i guess." Then Blue cocked his head to the side. If he'd been driving us, we would have stopped. As it was, we just slowed. "Does this mean we go back to having only one head? Do we all get crammed in there? Who drives? Or do we just go back to being just the single Harry? And if so, what happens to the rest of us?" We came to a stop. Our other heads looked at each other. No answer came forth. "I'm just saying, if it comes down to it, I don't want to die." " NONE OF US WANT TO DIE, YOU MORBID PRAT!" Red rumbled, voicing our collective displeasure on the thought. "I mean, I knew we were all on the same page there," Blue snapped defensively. "It just had to be said." "None of us are going to die," Yellow stated firmly. "I won't allow it." " i sometimes want to die..." Gray mumbled. " NOBODY ASKED YOU!" the rest of us shouted. " i'll be quiet now. i'm sorry i said anything..." We started walking again. The castle was getting close now, and though we were more than a little tired and hungry at this point, we spread our wings and took to the air for the last little stretch. Though, at the last moment, at the nudge of a half-formed idea from Green (an idea not spoken but shared directly with our consensus), we adjusted course. Four solid thuds signaled our arrival at Hagrid's hut. If anyone was going to be friendly-on-site with us, it was the massive Gamekeeper. After all, he had wanted to care for a dragon of his own; if anyone would help us, it was him. "Hey, Hagrid!" Blue shouted. Of the five of us, he still had a voice that sounded reasonably close to our human voice, though much louder. "Are you in there?" There was smoke coming from his chimney, so we'd assumed he was. Sure enough, the door to the hut rattled, then opened. Hagrid froze for an instant. "Blimey, yer a beauty." All five of my heads cocked to the side. "Uh, thanks?" "And ye can talk too!" Blue shook his head. "Hagrid, it's me, Harry Potter." All five of our heads angled themselves to highlight the same lightning bolt mark on each, directly above each of our right eyes. Our eye color and that scar were the only things we had left of our human form. "We got turned into a dragon." "Harry? How in the world did you manage that?!" "Dunno. We figured coming to you wouldn't hurt, though we were hoping to see if Professor Dumbledore was here," Blue explained. Hagrid chuckled, then sighed. "Well, the headmaster