The Hunger Games – The Sea Aflame Hey, everyone, thanks for checking out my story! I hope you enjoy it! This is a story of District Four, wealthier, stronger, but just as rebellious as Twelve. This view of Panem is very different from Katniss's. In this story there is Odesta (Of course) but there is also so much more. Finnick's parental and friendly relations are just as significant in this story. Finally, I tried to follow the book more than the movie, but some things I had to take (Johanna's interview for instance.) Thanks for getting this far, please review, and follow if your interested! I do not own the Hunger Games. All rights to Suzanne Collins. William calmly listens to the waves, the gentle lapping of the water on the edge of the canoe. The waters of the Sea of Sacramento are salty and strong, and abundant with aquatic life. There are probably a hundred other boats in the area, but somehow, he and his son feel like they are alone on the sea. He sits in the back of the small canoe, with his pole unmoving in the water. The fishing hasn't been all that good, but he always enjoys spending time with his young son, Finnick, who is clearly quite bored. Even at that young age, he's already handsome, with dirty blond hair and seemingly perfect facial features. He's bobbing his pole in the water, and the moment it appears like anything might have grabbed hold of the hook, he jerks the pole, inevitably losing any fish and probably his bait. Eventually, Finnick gives up, throws his pole down and crosses his arms. "Oh Finnick, what's wrong?" William says, setting his pole down as well. "I never catch anything!" Finnick grunts. He looks very angrily at the pole and then continues to pout. "Finnick…relax. I haven't caught that much either." "You've caught ten fish!" "No…more like…five…maybe." William says, pulling up his net to see they've got about fifteen fish, not all that good a haul for the Sea of Sacramento, but not making his son feel any better. He reels in Finnick's pole and puts a new worm on the hook, "Finnick, how old are you, eight? All your teachers at the academy don't talk about anything but how good of a student you are! Let's see you ingenuity. Figure out how to catch some fish…" William says. Finnick glares at his father, then looks at the poll for a while. He then drops it, and pulls a spear out of the boat. He takes a handful of bait and drops it in the water, then holds up the spear. Something splashes near him and he thrusts the spear with incredible speed. Then he hauls up his prize, a large snapper. "See! I knew you could do it!" William says, applauding his son, who is grinning and holding up the fish, "You're my little champion!" William tickles the boy, then Finnick hugs his father. "I'm going to win the Hunger Games for you! When I'm all grown up, I'm going to be your champion!" Finnick says. William feels pained as he hears this, but smiles and straightens Finnick's shirt. Before he can respond, he hears a voice calling their names. William turns and sees her, the most beautiful woman he'd ever known, probably the most beautiful woman in the world. With long blond hair, full, luscious lips, soft, sea-green eyes, and a smile that could melt away any feelings of anxiety, that was his wife Iliana; the only woman he really ever loved. He bright calls for her boys ring out wonderfully over the ocean water, then those calls turn to cries, yells of desperation. William is suddenly before the justice building, and he sees his wife, lifted into the air, held by a noose. William is pushing through the crowd, but he can't reach her, she's too far, and then, Finnick screams, calling for his mother, are the only sound he can hear. And then, William opens his eyes. William, feeling sick and terrible, lifts his upper body up and slowly he becomes aware of his surroundings. First, one of his servants, Mica, is touching his arm, concern visible on her face. She's one of about six servants who clean and maintain his large home, and by William's favorite. She also is from Area Seven of District Four, the same area his wife was from, which made her harshly accented voice often quite soothing to his ears. Once he waves her away, he takes in the rest of his bedroom, which is filled with pictures of his son, Finnick, his wife, Iliana, his parents, and himself. He is in a king bed with a canopy held up by wooden tridents. The bed is covered by numerous pillows, luxury, fancy ones which Finnick used to jump on when he was just a boy. Willam grabs a large white one and feels its fine silk and feather insides. This kind of rich silk is stuff the children of the ruling city of Panem, the Capitol, get. Except that children of the Capitol don't have to fight to the death in a yearly gladiatorial match, like his son did. William gets up slowly and goes to the window. Mica leaves the room with another pat on the back; at this moment, she isn't enough to get the nightmares about his wife and son away. Nothing really is. William eventually comes downstairs and gets a cup of coffee. As he feels the liquid filling his stomach and making him more alive and alert, he just watches the ocean beyond his home's windows, ignoring the television in the room which really should be on. Since the Hunger Games, that yearly gladiatorial match, are being broadcast for the next week, William is supposed to be watching them, not working, so he takes it slow, just relaxing and allowing Mica to start on breakfast. Just then, William sees a familiar face approaching the home on the beach from the neighboring Victor's Village, where the winners of the gladiatorial games got to live. "Ron Stafford!" William says with a smile as the young winner of the 66th Hunger Games approaches him. Ron is 27, with slightly tan skin and slanted eyes, a long, tough chin and sharp cheeks, dark black hair, and small, pursed lips; he is handsome. Not as handsome as William's son Finnick, but handsome nonetheless. In Ron's hand is a bucket full of fish. "Mr. Odair, good to see you." Ron says, setting it down in front of the house, "I come bearing gifts. Caught them on an all-night fishing trip yesterday," William whistles to another servant, who comes out of the door and takes the fish away. "Come in, Ron, get some lemonade. And for the last time, you aren't a little kid playing with Finnick anymore. William is fine." "It just doesn't feel right, Mr. Odair," Ron responds, going into the house. William leads him to a table and bids him sit down, then takes his seat across from him. "You stopped watching the Hunger Games too I see," Ron says, noticing the off TV. "Both tributes from Four killed before the top 8 again. What's that now, four years in a row?" William says, shaking his head. "I think the problem's their mentor, Jarrock. I'm not sure he even cares anymore. You know they took his name off the plaque in the Capitol? Everyone outside of Four thinks he's dead," Ron says, discussing the old District Four tribute who was a teacher at the Tribute Academy . For whatever reason, Jarrock had much less difficultly watching the tributes he trained and assisted through the games die, which made him hated in the district, but that hatred didn't seem to bother him either. "He might as well be. He's nearly 67, isn't he? I remember when he won the games, let me tell you, it takes a lot to shock old Mags." William says, recalling how Jarrock won by yanking on a fishing pole and ambushing the last remaining tribute as he was hauled to the beach like a fish. Both men laugh in response, then William sighs. "How's Annie doing Ron?" William says, bringing up another District Four Victor. This was their most recent victor, and she was a little more unstable than the others, though no one who survives the Hunger Games was really stable. "She misses Finnick. She just spent the whole day sobbing, even as Mags fed her porridge." "Poor girl." "Yeah…" Ron says, shaking his head. "Her games were some of the most dramatic, that I'll give them. Exploding fireflies, tracker jackers, jabberjays, and then the sudden flood of water… Cheap tactics to entertain a stupid crowd!" William says, mocking the response of Claudius Templesmith, the well-known host of the Hunger Games. Even he was unhappy with the event that year. Ron smiles, then shakes his head. "All the Hunger Games are gruesome. But that was beyond reason," Ron says. That was the truth of the Hunger Games; they were a meaninglessly violent battle the Capitol forced on the twelve Districts of Panem. However, the Capitol made sure that everyone pretends it's a fantastic and amazing spectacle, in fact, the greatest part of living in Panem. What's worse, there in District Four, a very wealthy district where the Victors were revered, many of the people actually believed them. In this wealthy District, Ron, Annie, Finnick, even Jarrok had been what is known as a Career, a child trained to fight in the games from a young age. As William is lost in his thoughts, a door bell sounds through the room. "I'll get it!" William yells to his servants, going quickly to the door and opening it to reveal Mags, the eighty year old Victor, bent over, leaning heavily on a cane, and smiling widely. Her white hair is pooled on her shoulders, and her smile is nearly toothless, but William remembers when she was a looker, getting nearly any man, District Four or Capitol, she wanted. He puts his arm out for her to steady herself on. "Mags, what a pleasure to see you. What brings you to my humble home?" William asks. Mags replies quietly, something which would be indecipherable if William hadn't been listening to her for years. "I wanted to see Finnick's father for day. I was tired sitting alone at home and Annie is finally asleep." "Well, it's always a pleasure when you visit, Mags. Come have a drink." William says, taking the woman into his living room. Mags, instinctively, goes to an armchair as a servant brings two lemonades. "Did you see what happened Mags?" The woman shakes her head sadly in response. "Bad luck. Porick was strong, but no match for Thresh." "Finnick won't be happy." "I think Librae will be sadder. She'd been working with Liana for almost two years now." "Tough...the 74th hunger games, and still only 7 winners." "It's amazing we had that…" Ron says. "Finnick and you earned it. Not like me and Jarrock. We just got lucky," Mags says, looking to the sea and sipping the lemonade slowly. Her words hang in the air, and all three just remained quiet, drinking the luxury drink and listening to the waves. This goes on probably an hour before the fish breakfast is ready, and the three have a nice, meal, trading mostly subtleties and bad jokes. After his second plate, Ron stands and wipes his hands. "Well, I have some gardening to do. And I've got to finished it before the sun sets." Mags pulls herself up too. "Yes, I'll have to check my poles. See if I caught anything." "Alright. I'll give Finnick a call, and see how he's doing. Though, knowing his promiscuity, it may be some time before he can get back to me," William mutters. Ron remains silent as Mags laughs heartily, then both leave. William waves, and then goes