AN: This isn't an update, it's a revision. I meant to do this sooner but I lost the original file and have been giving it the run-around since. I wrote this during a road trip on my tablet in the middle of the night, so it wasn't my best work. I felt I owed it to my readers to refine this. As I said before, this is my first fremione and my first lemon, and unless inspiration strikes me it will probably be my only fremione. This is based on Ed Sheeran's song Kiss Me . Fred watched Hermione sigh for the umpteenth time as she absently twirled her fingers around in a box of pygmy puffs. They kissed the intruding appendages as she tickled their fluff, but the smiles the creatures usually inspired in the young woman were nowhere to be found. Lately Hermione had taken to visiting the twins' joke shop when she had any spare time. The men didn't ask any questions, but they did find her presence quite odd since she was never fond of their antics in school. It wasn't until a random visit at The Burrow that they had discovered that Ron had managed to find a new girlfriend who frequented the house often as their mother had taken a shining to her. While Hermione and Ron had ended their relationship on pleasant terms some time ago, it was understandable that she would avoid places she might run into her ex-boyfriend and his new beau. The twins didn't mind her hanging aroud the shop, as she never loitered and always insisted on helping, and they appreciated that their stock room was more organized than ever. It wasn't a surprise that one of them took interest her, what with her constant presence it was bound to happen. Fred found himself drawn to her laugh: a hearty but tinkling sound, like the wooden chimes that hung in his window as a child. One day Ron had surprised her while she was dusting, causing her to knock a box of animated rubber spiders onto him. His high pitched scream set her off immediately into a fit of raucous laughter bubbling from the core of her gut, nothing like the annoying giggle he'd been used to from women. In fact, Fred found her laugh infectious and couldn't help but join her in her mirth, completely disregarding his brother's panic. The second thing he noticed was her smile. When she was content there was a subtle lift at the corners of her lips, flattering her delicate features. It was small, but her eyes sparkled with warmth and her face glowed. The sincereity with which she enjoyed the joke induced happiness of their customers was attractive, especially as a smile was sure to find a way to her lips while she assisted them. Fred assumed that was why she chose to hang around Weasley Wizard Weezes as compared to Grimmauld Place or the bookstore. She wanted to be at the joke shop; she liked being there. But on that particular day there were no smiles or laughs to be had. They were caught in a spring rainstorm and business had been slow; no more than a handful of people had braved the storm to run their errands on Diagon Alley all week. So when there was nothing left to clean or stock in the shop, Fred and George spent their time trying to life Hermione's spirits, cracking jokes and playing pranks on each other in the hopes of earning one of her smiles. She quickly caught on and played her part, laughing at punchlines and grinning at their antics, but they were fake, hollow rewards. "I'm going to close up and head over to Angie's. Why don't you try talking to her?" George suggested. "She's barely said two words all day. Unless there's some trick I can pull out of my arse that will magically make her happy, I doubt she's going to open up to me. " Fred growled. "Well, you are a wizard." George smirked. Fred grabbed the closest thing to him (an empty biscuit tin) and threw it at his twin, who expertly dodged. "Wizard or not, there's isn't any magic I would use on her to make her talk." "Of course there is. It's not called the old Weasley charm for nothing. Just make sure you don't set off any exploding snap in her hair off in her hair and she should open up." George teased as he walked away, dangling the shop keys in his fingers and waving goodbye over his shoulder. Fred rubbed at his temples before taking a deep breath, gathering himself as he made his way to the storeroom to meet Hermione. The young woman hadn't moved from her spot at the work table, seemingly lost in her own world. "So," Fred started casually, "what's got the great Hermione Granger so blue today?" She sighed again as she tickled a rather fat pygmy puff. Her voice was melancholy when she answered him."Nothing, really. Or at least nothing that should make me upset." "Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. My girl, you have been sulking all day and you've been torturing my sweet little puffs with your sad face. I think you owe them an explanation." A smile teased at the corner of her mouth before it fell again, but she began to speak nonetheless. "Well, I'd just heard that Seamus found a new girlfriend and it made me realize that all of my ex boyfriends have moved on, and yet I haven't. I'm not particularly mad or upset but I do feel lonely. It's been almost a year since my last relationship ended but I haven't found anyone new." She pulled a foot up to her seat and tucked her knee into her chest before continuing. "I'm not saying I need a man, because I don't, but I miss the feeling loved by one. I just- you know, as an independent woman it's hard to find a man who isn't intimidated by me; who can be comfortable knowing that all I need from his is love. I also want someone who needs the same from me." Hermione groaned before meeting his eyes for the first time that day. "It's silly, isn't it? Just forget what I said." Fred smiled kindly and shook his head. "My lady, I do believe I can help you." A single, perfectly plucked eyebrow raised in question. "Fred, I don't think-" "Just trust me," he interrupted. "Unless you're scared." He reached for her hand and lead her up the back stairs into his flat. Hermione gulped loudly before telling him that her heart felt like a bass drum. "I'm pretty sure it's from fear but I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say it's excitement." Fred didn't say another word as he led her into his flat. If she noticed the pigsty his living room was she didn't say a word about it. He also prayed she didn't smell whatever that was wafting out of the kitchen either. Hermione didn't notice anything but his hand around hers. It was large and warm but wrapped around her own dainty hand with a measure of delicacy and tenderness. The creak of a door sounded, pulling Hermione out of her trance. Despite the darkness she was able to recognize the room as Fred's private quarters, if the bed was any indication. Her body went stiff, her nerves wound tight, but she didn't run away. She watched Fred release her hand and walk to his dresser. He rummaged around the drawers a bit before he returned to her, handing her an old t-shirt and a pair of his boxers. "Fred, what-" He pointed to a door across the hall. "Go change and come back. I promise I won't peek." A grin pulled at his lips, "Unless you want me to." Hermione glared at him but did as she was told, trying to figure out what Fred had going through his head. It wasn't like she had been completely oblivious to his attentions over the past couple months, but he never made a move towards her so she thought nothing more of it. For one, Fred was pretty flirty, and for two, she knew he was very proactive when he sought out women so she had figured that if he really wanted her he would have had her by now. When she returned to the room she found him lying in the bed in a position that might have been provocative in the early 1900's. He smiled at her and pat the space beside him. "Come join me, love. I promise, only friendly intentions here." Once again she gulped loudly, but once again she also did what she was told. Fred lifted the duvet for her as she climbed in beside him, trying to keep a respectable amount of space between them. "Settle down with me and let me cover you up," he said as her pulled her by the waist to cuddle her petite body with his larger one. She shifted her head to look at him over her shoulder. "I didn't take you for a cuddler, Fred Weasley." His chuckle rumbled deep within his chest, reverberating through her back in pleasant vibrations. "Well, now you know. And I would be much happier if you would just like down with me and hold me in your arms, Miss Know-It-All, instead of pointing out my cuddling preferences." A warm blush spread across Hermione's cheeks before she turned around and wrapped her arms around the redhead. She didn't quite understand what was happening but she accepted the comfort Fred was trying to offer her, regardless of the awkwardness. On the other hand, Fred was thoroughly enjoying the proximity. With the new position she provided he could feel her thrumming heartbeat against his chest and the soft, barely there, brush of her lips against his neck where she had tucked her head. With a gentle hand, Fred lifted her face from her chin to look at him. Her chocolate eyes pulled him in and he suddenly felt like he was falling into them. They roamed across his face searching, because she didn't know this person in front of her. This calm, gentle man wasn't the jokester playboy she'd grown to know and the look of absolute wonder on her face was beautiful. He wouldn't forget that look for the rest of his life. He knew in that moment that he was in love. "Fred," her whisper drew him from his thoughts. "Kiss me." He bent down and took her ripe lips in his for a slow kiss, burning him from where they touched all the way to his toes. His desire called for him to move faster, having waited for this moment for months, but he was perfectly satisfied with the languid pace they had set. Hermione reveled in his lips, opening her own to invite him for a taste when she found that she was desperately craving his. His warm tongue exploring every crevice in her mouth drove her mad, aided by the electricity is fingers inspired over every inch of skin they caressed. Feeling bold but not wishing to disrupt the pace, Hermione slowly dragged her palms down Fred's back where her fingers sought the hem of his shirt. When found, she gently pulled it back up the trail her hands made, her nails scraping enticingly along his skin. He broke the kiss to help her pull it over his head, sitting back on his haunches when she pushed him back so they she could get a good look at his toned chest. Her eyes smoldered, enjoying the view and his nipples hardened under the attention. When her hand reached for him again it ran a soft course from his navel hair past his belly button across his abs and into his pecs. A groan sounded from Fred, his eyes falling