Nico ran, pushing through random campers. A few shouted at him in anger but he ignored them, nothing else mattered but getting to safety. He was so fucked! He should not have said that. Why did he say that? This was all fucking Grace's fault. Nico just wanted to break that cool façade of his. He was always so calm and collected about everything and it grated on Nico's nerves. "I was raised by wolves, trained in the legion, became a praetor. I know how to roll with the punches. There's nothing that really surprises me anymore," the blond had said with a shrug, perched on Nico's bed in his cabin. He'd just sounded so sure of himself, it infuriated him! So the small Italian racked his brain for the most shocking things he could think of. His brain locked onto a thought and before processing it, he spat back, "You wouldn't say that if you knew what I like in bed." Jason had frowned sadly at him, "Nico, I know you like boys, everyone knows. I don't care that you're gay." "That's not what I meant, Grace," he'd hissed at him, Jason's cool tone making the anger in his stomach bubble, "I like being dominated; I like it when strong guys pin me down and whisper filthy words in my ear and tell me what to do." The words fell from his lips before he could stop them; it was like his irritation had disabled his brain to mouth filter and words just kept tumbling out. He just wanted Jason to crack, to freak out, to quit being SO DAMN CALM ABOUT EVERYTHING. Even though a small voice told him to shut up, that he'd regret his words, Nico didn't stop screwing himself over. No, the now shocked look on Jason's face had spurred him on and he'd kept going. "I like it rough, being screwed into the mattress so good I can't walk for a week. And you know the only thing better than one guy doing it? Two. That's what I really like, favorite thing in the world. Two strong guys making me do whatever they want because they can." He'd finally stopped then, smirking at the now beyond surprised blond on his bed. His self-satisfaction had only lasted for a moment though, before his words registered in his own brain. Did he seriously just say all that to Jason? The son of Hades bolted from the room before Jason could collect himself. He'd ran for the one place he knew he'd be safe, Percy. The older demigod would let him hide out in his cabin as long as he wanted. He wouldn't ask Nico what happened, and he'd make sure Jason stayed away. The thought of him asking Jason what happened flashed through his mind but he knew the Golden Boy wouldn't tell Percy. No matter how fucked up he thought Nico was, he'd never break his own morals like that. So here Nico was, running like hellhounds were on his heels towards the Poseidon cabin. He sped up as the building came into view. And then suddenly something collided with his back and his world was tilting. The dark haired boy gasped as he hit the ground, a large body pressing him into the earth. Panicking he started to squirm, attempting to get out from under whoever had tackled him. He had to get to Percy before Jason caught up. "Stay still Nic," they growled. Fuck, it was Jason. Nico couldn't stop the whimper he made at his tone, or help that he immediately stopped struggling. Jason's hands slid along his arms until they reached his wrist, and then gripped them tightly, pinning them to the ground. "You shouldn't have run off like that," the blond spoke against his ear. His voice was low and screamed of dirty things that sent a heat rushing through the Greek's veins. Nico jerked his head away, what was Jason doing? A shadow fell over them, the Italian's head shot up. He cursed the Gods and fates for hating him so much. The son of Poseidon stood there, looking down at the pair confused, his head tilted slightly to the right. "Perc-aaah!" Nico started, but broke off into a moan as Jason bit his neck. Percy's eyes widened for a second before he crouched down. He gripped Nico's chin, forcing the younger boy to look at him. He ran his thumb along his bottom lip, and now Nico was even more confused as to what was happening. "I thought we promised that if either of was going to make a move we'd tell the other?" the ink haired boy said. He wasn't addressing Nico even though his eyes were focused on him. "Sorry but he told me some very dirty things and then ran off. I had to catch him, I didn't have time to get you first," Jason said mouthing at his teeth marks, "I was going to get you before anything real started." "Dirty things?" Nico was confused about what the two were saying, Jason's lips and Percy's soft touches made it hard to focus, but he blushed brightly at Percy's question. The older boy hadn't taken his eye off his face since he crouched down. Dear Gods, don't let Jason- "Mhmm, it seems our Ghost King has quite a few kinks," the son of Hades could feel him smirking against his neck. That son of a bit- Percy groaned softly, "Let's get inside my cabin. I'm not really into random people watching." Jason nodded. The son of Jupiter refused to released Nico as he got up, forcing the Italian to rise with him. When they were standing Jason held his arms behind his back, Nico bit his lip to keep in the sigh of pleasure. Percy grinned down at him; there was something dark in his eye that made Nico nervous. The blond marched him to the Poseidon cabin, Percy leading their way. He swung the door open and unceremoniously slammed it shut after Nico and Jason entered. Jason tossed Nico onto Percy's bed; the small boy flipped over and pushed himself back until he hit the wall. The two larger boys stood side by side at the edge of the bed staring down at him. Finally free of Jason's strong grip, his voice seemed to return. "W-what the hell are you guys doing?" The grin that spread on the storm child's face scared him. "Isn't this what you said you like? What were your words again? 'My favorite thing in the world. Two strong guys making me do whatever they want because they can' I also recalled something about liking it rough and filthy words?" Nico stared at the two in shock. Percy grinned that crooked smile of his that made Nico's stomach do summersaults. It screamed devil may care, and that mix of sweetness and bad boy had done the son of Hades in the moment he met Percy. His eyes, those ever changing pools of greens, blues, silvers, and gold, had this intense heat that made the smaller Greek's heart race. "Is that right?" he asked, his voice had taken on a gruff undertone and it made Nico shiver. Again his body betrayed him, he nodded. He pressed himself back against the wall as Percy crawled onto the bed, crowding into his personal space, slotting himself between Nico's thighs. He caged the younger boy between his arms, one at his waist the other braced against the wall. His legion tattoo was right next to Nico's face and he had to purposefully avoid looking at it. That was another turn on the two boys in front of him had helped him discover- tattoos drove him insane. "I'm only going to ask this once, so be honest. Do you want us?" the sea eyed boy's warm breath tickled Nico's cheek. "What?" he looked back at him, his dark eyes wide because now he was really lost. Jason laughed causing both Greeks to look at him. "You might try explaining things first, Perce," he shook his head at the son of Poseidon. "Look Nic, we both really like you and we like each other and well we were hoping maybe you'd be interested in a relationship- with us?" He sat, taking in what he'd been told. The other two demigods watched him, waiting patiently. Jason and Percy like him, Jason and Percy want a relationship with him, Jason and Percy wanted him. He felt like his brain was melting. "But, you, I, ho- are, uh," Nico stumbled over his words trying to make a sentence. Percy rolled his eyes, diving in and kissing Nico. He jolted in shock before dissolving into the kiss. The older boy pulled back slowly, "it's a yes or no Nic. We won't be mad if you say no." "What?" Nico asked, panic rising in his chest, "no! Gods I want you, it just I didn't expect this. For either of you to be interested in me, especially for an actual relationship. It just took me by surprise; I mean I still don't really believe it. Like why would the two most popular demigods be interested in me? I'm not attractive or- Percy interrupted his rambling with another kiss. Jason crawled onto the bed, pulling the youngest away from the wall and into his lap, breaking their lip lock. Nico's back pressed against his chest, Jason's arms wrapped gentle but firmly around his waist. Percy readjusted, placing himself between his legs again and resting his hands on Jason's thighs. "Don't ever talk about yourself like that," the blond said nuzzling the back of his neck. "You're amazing, we both think so. You're beautiful so don't ever say otherwise." Percy nodded his face so close he almost bumped noses with him. Nico felt himself getting lost in his eyes, the current mix of colors reminding him of a sunset. "You're perfect, Nico. Your eyes are the most gorgeous, darkest shade I've ever seen. I didn't know black could even be an eye color. Your smile makes me melt- Gods do I wish you would smile more. You're so sweet and caring; I doubt I'd be alive if it weren't for you. I don't think I've ever met anyone as amazing as you are, not even the Gods." The small boy blushed deeply at his words, attempting to hide his face in Jason's shoulder. "You're adorable when you're being shy," the blue eyed boy whispered in his ear. "He's right you know? Obsidian isn't even as beautiful as your eyes." Nico bit his lip, the sensation of Jason's lips grazing his ear sent a wave of arousal through him, reminding him he was hard- that he had been since Jason bit him. As if sensing his thoughts Jason kissed over the forming bruise, making him shudder. "So now that we've explained ourselves, what's your answer? Because I really want to fuck you right now," Percy's lips ghosted over the youngest boy's collarbone. Jason breathed out a laugh; the older boy never was good at being patient or subtle. The Italian squirmed between them, trying to think but the two heroes were turning his brain to mush. One of Percy's hands left Jason's thigh and was caressing his cheek, and Jason was placing gentle kisses along his neck and shoulder. He tried to focus, he definitely wanted this, them, but sex now seemed like they were rushing things. "Too early," he managed to get out. Jason and Percy stopped their touches to look at him. "Don't you guys think this is a little… fast?" The two exchanged a look before focusing back on Nico. "Nic, we won't make you do anything you don't want, but we're three horny teenage boys who like each other. What's the point in waiting? What's it going to change? We know each other, we know how we feel. Why wait?" Jason asked rubbing slow circles into Nico's hip with his