Percy spun into his last pose, holding it as the others chorused the last note. He waited, holding his potion for another beat, before turning. His chest heaving as he caught his breath, letting his hands fall to his sides. The others were catching their breath as well, though already scattering from their positions. Annabeth, their manager, was post-stretching against the far wall with Piper, their choreographer. On the floor a little ways away from them was Leo, their technician, he his arm flung over his eyes and was whining about being sore and cursing Percy's name. Normally Percy would get upset, except he knew Leo didn't mean any of it and was just being dramatic as per usual. Besides it actually was Percy's fault in more ways than one. Leo wouldn't even be in the actual show if it weren't for Percy. He'd overheard Leo singing to himself once while he was setting up the lights; Percy proceeded to bug him for the next month until he agreed to audition. The others had agreed his voice was amazing and it turned out he actually had some skill at dancing too. It was also Percy fault because he was freaking out about the competition next week and had extended practice another hour. Clarisse was grumbling to Chris in the corner about Percy over working them, Chris nodded every now and again but said nothing. Thalia was stretching by herself, humming her solo softly. Percy would never understand how she could stretch like that in skinny jeans, even as ripped up as they were. At least she took off her leather jacket and combat boots during practice, making feel slightly less like a pansy in comparison to her. In the corner Connor and Travis were stretching and chatting, Percy couldn't hear the brothers conversation but they were probably also complaining about the extension. Sighing he went over to the cooler to grab a water, he knew they were all complaining (except for Piper who wanted to extend practice by two hours and Thalia who only complained when snacks were forgotten) but it was okay. They were also nervous, this would be their biggest competition yet and if they won they got to go to nationals. He knew them griping at him was just their way of dealing with the nerves, so let them gripe away. Connor and Travis migrated toward the cooler, and Percy finally heard what they were saying. He'd been wrong, they weren't complaining about practice but rather Leo's choice of clothes. Percy chuckled, after Leo joined he'd made the mistake of agreeing to a bet with the twins; he lost of course. His penalty for loosing was he had to shave his legs and wear booty shorts to the next practice. Unfortunately for the twins, Leo look damn good in booty shorts and decided he liked it. So now they had to suffer through once a week practice with him dancing around in them. Today the impish boy was in a loose white tank top and black booty shorts, and black converse and apparently the twins were having a hard time coping. Speaking of the Latino, he came sprinting over, his dark curls bouncing. He grabbed a Gatorade before sitting down and chugging half of it. "Seriously Perce, was an entire hour necessary?" "Quit complaining, you don't have a 12 hour practice tomorrow as well," Thalia said from her spot on the floor. Leo stuck his tongue out at her, but she had a point. Thalia was also the captain of an archery group named The Huntresses and had practice twice a week with them, if anyone had the right to complain it was her. Well actually Clarisse had a right to complain too, she was part of a mix martial arts group and on top of weekly training did regular cage matches. Everyone else needed to get over it though! Annabeth's nerd club only met once a month, same with Leo's robotics group (though he built on his own a lot) Connor and Travis weren't apart of any other club, though they were famous on campus as hackers for hire (or just pranksters in general), Piper's cooking class was only an hour long and Chris's weekly trips to the gym were his own personal choice. "You're lucky I was merciful and didn't agree with Piper," Percy replied before sticking his tongue out at the smaller boy. Technically they could have practice as long as they want, whenever they want. Piper's Dad, a rich actor, had bought them the studio as a graduation present for her. They actually rented it out to others for pretty cheap, it helped others out and gave them some extra cash for props, tech, and costuming (studio money was never spent on personal things). Speaking of which, "Hey, Annabeth, did you get a hold of Rachel?" The blonde paused her conversation with Piper to reply, "Yeah, she's got the back drop done and it'll be here for our last practice, she also adjusted the costumes which she's dropping off at your house later." Percy breathed a sigh of relief; Rachel was a friend of theirs majoring in art and design. She did all their sets and backdrops, she gave them a friends discount and they referred everyone who asked about their sets to her. It was a win/win relationship. Another thought popped in his head and he looked at the small Latino on the floor, "The light show is finished, right?" Leo chuckled, "For the hundredth time today, yes it's finished Percy. It's been finished since last practice." "Don't tease him so much, we all know why he's so nervous about the performance," Thalia said plopping down next to Leo, "Pass me my juice please." Leo handed it to her, a fake pout on his lips. "Yeah, he's worried we'll screw up his boyfriend's song and make him hate him forever," Clarisse said, her and Chris had also snuck over at some point apparently. Thalia glared at her and Percy huffed, "He's not my boyfriend; I've never even met him. The only thing I know is his name." "But you wish he was your boyfriend," Connor teased. "When are you gonna tell us Mr. Mysterious's name anyway?" Travis asked with a pout. "So you can use your computer skills to go stalk him? I don't think so," Percy replied with a glare. "At least you'd know what he looks like then," Clarisse said with a smirk. "We should record the performance, make it go viral. The guy will see it and fall for Percy, his ultimate fanboy, it'll be like a cheesy romcom," Leo said grinning at the Stolls brothers. Sighing Percy leaned against the wall as they all poked fun at him. Rachel had been at a concert a couple months back, and the opening band had been handing out free Demo CDs to people who bought merchandise. She'd bought a bracelet (because the design), and next practice she handed the CD to Percy swearing he'd love the band. Boy had she been right, Percy wasn't usually picky about his music, he liked pretty much anything pop with a nice beat but when it came to more alternative bands he was extremely selective. They couldn't be all angst, he needed real emotion. That seemed hard to find, but every once in a while he'd find one he really liked. Angel Protection was one of those bands. Their songs held such substance, and hit Percy in the center of his heart. He'd found himself screaming along with the man, who he later found out was actual better described as a boy. Apparently Rachel had hung around their booth and gotten to know them a little. Their guitarist and drummer were actually around Percy's age and in college too, but the singer was just out of high school and the bassist was a high school senior. Percy was beyond surprised to find out the powerful and rich voice belonged to someone so young. He also felt sort of creepy; he'd fallen for that voice only to find out they were at least 3 years younger than him. He only had a voice and a name but that was enough for him to fall head over heels. "You've got it so bad dude, I mean you had us change the entire show a month before competition just so we could do his song," Chris said, slinging his arm around his girlfriend's shoulders. "I don't want to hear it from you, Rodriquez. You had us preform 'Can't Help Falling in Love' in the middle of a mall so you could ask Clarisse out," Percy said finally opening his eyes to glare at the Hispanic male. Chris blushed; Clarisse glared back at Percy before kissing Chris on the cheek. Annabeth and Piper finally wondered over to the cooler as well, both grabbing a tea out of it. The group stood in silence for a few minutes, everyone recovering from hours of singing and dancing. Finally Percy couldn't stand it anymore. He pushed himself off the wall, "Are you guys upset I changed the song?" The group shared a look before falling into a fit of laughter, Percy frowned at them. "Seriously, Percy, you're asking that now?" Annabeth said after calming down. Percy shrugged with a pout. "You don't think we would have said something if we were upset about it?" "I don't know, I mean it was a last minute thing and, yeah you guys agreed when I asked, but that doesn't mean you guys aren't upset I did it," he replied looking down at his shoes. "No one is upset with you, Princess," Clarisse said, rolling her eyes. "Speak for yourself," Connor huffed. "Yeah, Percy's supposed to love us," Travis said winking at Percy. Percy rolled his eyes at the two, they were huge flirts but it was clear they both had their eye on someone. Still, he was happy to hear they weren't mad at him for the last minute switch up. The song was just too good to pass up, the music was beautiful and the lyrics intense. As much as he wanted to keep the beautiful voice to himself Percy also wanted to share their music, for everyone to hear how amazing they were. It was also a bonus that they had a guarantee no one else would have the same song. "Alright guys, I gotta get home. Tyson had his first date with Ella today and I'm sure he's dying to tell me about it," Percy informed them with a smile. All the girls, plus Leo, chorused "awe" upon hearing his reason for leaving. Tyson was Percy's little brother and Ella was an incredibly sweet girl he'd met in his special education class. "I need to get going too, I have a project waiting on me at home," Leo said rising from the floor. Everyone else circled up, slinging their arms over the shoulder of the people next to them. Everyone looked to Percy; guess it was his turn to pray. "We thank the gods for this chance to prove ourselves, Hygieia keep us healthy, Apollo help us sings, and Tyche keep us lucky." Percy looked up at the end and they all took a breath before chanting, "Music in my soul keeps happiness in my life, family not by blood but by melody, Alpha's Omega till the day I die." Everyone broke apart to grab their things. The after practice prayer had been Piper's idea, because luckily they were all pagan, but the creed had been Clarisse's idea (though it was Rachel who came up with it). She insisted it would bring them closer, and Percy had to admit it did. It felt good to have it, and whenever he was upset he'd whisper it under his breath to remind himself he had friends to depend on. Stepping outside the studio he saw his friend Grover and his girlfriend Juniper waiting