Chapter One: The Muggle Woman of Hopkins Lane, London. Sometime in August 1994. The rain had soaked through Remus Lupin's umbrella long before it was knocked out of his hand by a passing muggle. Turning the collar of his coat up and lowering his hat he decided to let the extremely waterproof knock-off be swept away: the bright colours of the union jack design running onto the pavement. As the rain picked up he ducked into a side street and stood on the steps of a towering office building, hoping the building's bulky security guard wouldn't ask him to move. After five minutes the rain retreated to a light drizzle and Remus decided to move along the street before the security guard threw him onto it. This would have been typical of his luck. Not for the first time had Remus turned to the muggle world for employment, so far the weather had been awful. Of course he hadn't expected to be searching for employment again so soon after being hired by Professor Dumbledore, it still seemed bizarre to call him Albus, for the position of Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts. He hadn't thought that it would still be such a struggle for him to find work after holding that title. Despite noting that not one of his predecessors had lasted past a year at Hogwarts Remus had hoped that perhaps he would be the exception. Once the news had been leaked that he was a werewolf however he had known that it wasn't in anyone's' best interests for him to stay. The letters he had received even after leaving had left him in no doubt as to what might have happened had he not resigned. To his credit Dumbledore had tried to use his position on the Wizengamot to help him find employment within the Ministry, but they had welcomed the idea of hiring a werewolf perhaps even less than they had seventeen years before, when he had first left Hogwarts. "Let go of me! I do not need escorting from the premises thank you. I do know my way out. I have been working here for seven years after all! Seven years Robert, or do you not remember that?" The sound of a woman shouting drew Remus's attention from his brooding and back to the steps he had been standing on. The security guard who had kept such an intimidating eye on him was now holding up his hands in defence against a petit angry blonde woman who was wielding a cardboard box and trying not to fall out of heels which seemed too high for her to balance on. "I'm sorry Jen but it's not my fault. There's no need to take it out on me." If it were amusing to see such an imposing figure cowering from someone that was half his size and bodyweight all thoughts of laughter went out of Remus's mind when Jen turned her piercing gaze toward him and began to charge down the steps. She was small but threatening in her anger as she thrust the box into Remus's hands rather aggressively and turned back towards the building. "Here hold this a second," were the words she uttered so quickly that he barely had the time to register them. What happened next happened so quickly that he hardly noticed the box he was now carrying. Crazed with anger and resentment she spun on her heel and shouted up at the largest and highest window of the building: "MR PECKHAM - I KNOW YOU'RE WATCHING ME - AND I HOPE SHE'S WORTH IT! THAT DIRTY ROTTEN HUSSY WON'T BE ABLE TO HACK MY JOB! YES I KNOW IT WAS YOU SUZIE REYNOLDS. GO TO HELL!" She shrieked and then with a flourish held one perfectly manicured finger high up at the building. Remus did not know where to look. For a moment he considered dropping the box onto the floor and running as far away from the woman as possible but any plan that formulated in his mind by that point had by then come too late, as she had taken her shoes off, dropped them into a massive black handbag, stormed back down the steps, and turned to him to huff: "come on, let's leave." "I'm sorry but do I know you?" He wasn't sorry so much as deeply concerned for the wellbeing of her sanity. She had piercing blue eyes and a smile that showed far too much of her un-naturally whitened teeth. Her voice went almost sickeningly sweet as she turned on the charm, "I'm Jennifer. Friends and you may call me Jen. I'm sorry that you had to see all that but could you please be a dear and help me carry my things over to my flat? I live just around the corner." Remus held the box and stared at her. She stared back in expectation for a moment before rummaging around in her handbag to get to her purse. "Here, I can pay you for your trouble and you might be able to buy a sandwich or something, or," she paused and seemed to take in his attire, "perhaps some new shoes." Remus looked to his shoes and then back at the woman. "You believe I'm homeless?" "I believe that you look poor, and hungry," Jen started and then cut herself off - this man didn't seem to be very impressed by her and she needed to try a new tactic if she wanted his assistance, "please, I could really use the help getting home. I live just around the corner and the box is really heavy and I've had a rubbish day, and I think we've gotten off on the wrong foot. I'm sorry if I've offended you but I'm really not at my best, as I'm sure you can clearly see," she made a gesture towards the building and then at herself, aware of the state she had gotten herself into whilst throwing a tantrum in the office of her former employer. Whenever she screamed as she had at Mr Peckham today, tears of anger and beads of sweat would cause her makeup to run, creating the misleading impression that she might have been crying, though, a little pity could go a long way, as she knew only too well. She smiled less forcefully at Remus and when he still looked doubtful, allowed herself to be caught off balance by the sudden, purposeful, action of her overloaded handbag - of course crammed full of office supplies - rolling off of her shoulder and knocking her into the box he was holding for her. "I'm sorry," she feigned embarrassment and appearing to collect her composure took the box off of him. "Really, thank you for your time". A blush rose in her cheeks and she began to totter off barefoot down the street. At sight of this Remus felt pity and for reasons that he would never fully be able to explain he agreed to walk her home - as Jen had already anticipated he would. By the end of the hour and a half long commute back to Jen's apartment - she had of course lied about the distance - Remus felt that he knew everything that there could be to know about the former model turned advice columnist for teen magazine "It Girl": including the conspiracy set against her by the "young upstart" Suzie Reynolds; who had reportedly gotten off with Jen's former fiancee Gareth and then wormed her way into the lap of the magazine's director, semi-retired Rupert Peckham. "The joke is really on her though, at sixty seven he's lost the Peck to his ham," Jen had declared this on the tube so exuberantly that Remus suspected that she might be intoxicated: her breath smelt faintly of spirits. When they reached her apartment she began to talk about her flatmate, who was now also abandoning her to go and live with her "whelp of a fiance", while Remus looked for somewhere to put the box that he had carried for her. "Over there," Jen said depressively, interrupting herself mid wallow to point vaguely in the direction of a corner cabinet on which sat a black and reflective block (a television). He set the box on top of it and while stretching out the muscles in his aching back took a moment to admire the room. The walls were white; there were large windows set to his right side and he stood facing an exposed red brick wall, against which sat a large corner sofa. The sofa cut across the centre of the room to face the windows, the other half of which held a black and white marbled kitchen made complete with a breakfast counter; a set of barstools, and a large mirrored fridge. The room was carpeted in red – save for the black and white tiles of the kitchen - and a door to the left of the entrance possibly led away to private rooms and the bathroom. It was a spacious flat and would have suited him better than his current living arrangements - had he not been bitten by Greyback... Remus let the thought pass, knowing it didn't do to dwell and that the house he currently occupied was the best for what he could hope. It had four walls, a reasonably functioning kitchen, an occasionally functional bathroom, and had at one point belonged to his grandmother. It also offered him a certain level of privacy - a personal need which had felt sorely neglected as he had been travelling with Jen. At this point he acknowledged that she had left the room and it occurred to him that now might be the best time to leave. All of his best manners aside it was never his intention to stay around longer than was necessary, and he was in the midst of writing her a polite note on addressed parchment he always had to hand when she walked back into the room. He stuffed the note into his trouser pocket. She had changed from the neat office appropriate dress she had been wearing into a low cut strap top and tight fitting grey trousers. The effect was such that very little was now being left to his imagination. He tried to look past her shoulder at the door stating awkwardly, "It was nice to meet you. I think I ought to be going." Jen's smile showed her teeth. "Please. Let me get you a drink first. I need to thank you" She moved toward the kitchen without waiting for an answer. As she departed he kept his eyes trained on the back of her head and perched himself on the very edge of the sofa: ready and willing to make his escape. "What would you like?" Jen called across the room - with only a breakfast bar to separate the kitchen it dawned on him that he couldn't leave without her noticing. He asked for a cup of tea in defeat and she brought it to him along with an opened bottle of red wine and a half empty glass. She poured herself more wine and sat down next to him, her body leaning into his as she pulled her feet beside her on the sofa. Remus's grip on the mug tightened at her familiarity. Jen offered the wine bottle, her head was almost leaning on his shoulder, "sorry did you want any?" He shook his head. "Just tea. Thank you.". She put the bottle down and stayed so that she was leaning on him. "Thank you so much for walking me home today. I know that you didn't have to come all that way but it felt…" Jen paused in speech he turned, with difficulty, to see what was wrong. Starting to flap her hands in front of her eyes manically the woman let out a strange whimpering noise. Remus stared in shock and