A/N: Hey guys, to those of you who follow and favorite me, I appreciate every single one of you who put up with me and my BS about not updating my stories. As you guys see on my profile, I don't have my other stories anymore. This is due to me not wanting to continue both due to my inconsistencies with the way I write and the lack of updates I provide for both of them. I was a horrible writer back then and I still consider myself at best mediocre compared to people I have seen write on this site. Nevertheless I'm back with another story that I don't know if I can finish. With me being in my last year of high school, I don't know if time will allow me to finish this story as I would love to finish one. I hope I can and I hope you all enjoy my new story. Also to the people who followed me because of my stories before, I completely understand if you want to either unfollow or unfavorite me. I know you guys were waiting on an update for both and I sincerely apologize for not doing my part in finishing those stories. If you are interested in continuing those stories, please PM me and we can talk about going about that. Thank you for putting up with my rambling and I hope you enjoy! Please R&R! A Life Worth Living There are many words to describe Daphne Greengrass. Beautiful being the most common, usually commenting on her enchanting bum or her perky breasts, from the opposite sex. Intelligent would be another that would suit her well. But rebellious? No one would even dream of Daphne Greengrass of being a rebellious adolescent. She is a respectable pureblood after all. Isn't she? Daphne smiled at the thought running through her head as she sat in her usual undetectable spot in the library, away from the others. She sat there, happily reading through a muggle book that fascinated her to no end, The Great Gatsby. A book that would be a traitorous item to any respectable pureblood but a comfort item for her. She always was intrigued by the world of muggles. Their literature and art were just so fascinating. A far cry from the literature and books from the wizarding world. She always enjoyed the little things that makes muggle so interesting to her. She always wanted to try and experience what'd be like to live in the muggle world, but that being easier said than done hasn't ever rang more true in her case. With her parents being the uptight role models of the perfect pureblood and focusing on furthering pureblood supremacy, the mere thought of living in the other world would have her exiled from the family within the second. Not only that, but them trying to consistently find her potential suitors left her no options in finding who she wanted. Daphne had always disagreed with the views of pureblood supremacy. Unfortunately, her speaking out in any way would be a death sentence. She didn't have much friends or any worth mentioning for that matter, whether it'd be from outside of her house or inside. The people inside her house were despicable and only seek to further themselves by kissing and worshipping the ground that the Dark Wanker walked on. She didn't want to associate herself with any of them. For the people outside her house, they were either too intimidated by her or mocked and bullied her just because she was from Slytherin. Every time she would make contact with them, they either shy away or try to call her things like her being You-Know-Who's slut. She ignored it but that didn't mean it didn't give a pang of sadness and hurt in her heart every time she heard it. It was a life she regrets having to go through with. A life in which everything she does has to be just right. The expectations set by the standards of a society that has been outdated for several centuries. A life that has no meaningful purpose for her, because she knows in the end, she'll be the same as every other pureblood girl. A woman who will only follow the whim of her so called "loving husband". Only to spout out heirs to the house she was married into. She noticed some small drops of water on the page she was on and realized that it was leaking from her eyes. She stopped herself and soon the tears went away. It was always this way. In order to survive in Slytherin, she had to not only not show emotion to her fellow peers, if should even call them that, but also in private in order to not slip up when the situation presents itself. Also, you never really know if you're actually truly alone around Hogwarts. If she slipped up and showed the faintest hint of emotion, she would be ridiculed and be seen as weak. She looked at the time and saw that it was only 20 minutes before her next class. With her free period almost ending, she folded the top corner of her page to mark where she stopped. She placed it in her bag and headed off to the 3rd floor to Defense Against the Dark Arts. The thoughts that were still in her head annoyed her as she was walking. Oh how she wanted to get out of her situation but she knew she wasn't able to. She just wanted to be able to make a choice she wanted in life. Not her parents or society making it for her. If only a miracle can happen to get her away from the stress in her life. But she knew growing up that there are no such things as miracles. Until she rounded the corner and bumped heads with the one that will change that. Harry Potter knew he was always the one to end it. It was always Voldemort and him. After learning about the contents of the prophecy, he knew from then on that this is his responsibility and his alone. Knowing Ron and Hermione, they would disagree with him and try to convince him otherwise, but he knew they wouldn't understand. They won't be able to comprehend what he was going through and he wouldn't want them to anyways. It's a burden that is his and his alone to face. He didn't want them to worry about him nor going out of their way to die for him and he knew they would do it without hesitation too. He couldn't have asked for better friends but they deserve better than him being a burden to him. He got up from the sofa in the Gryffindor common room and left the portrait hole. The free period he had was nice, but being a 6th year taking his N.E.W.T.S., he would rather prefer to take potions to replace his free period. He still didn't know what he wanted to do after Hogwarts, if he even survives that is, but it would be nice to have options. Unlike Ron who told Harry that he'd be catching up on sleep during the period, even if he always was the last one to get up in the morning in Gryffindor House. He let Ron sleep as he got a head start to his next class. He walked down to the 3rd floor to the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. The thoughts previously were still on his mind. Not to mention his sudden attraction to the only Weasley daughter. He didn't know if it was even attraction. He liked her sure, she's his best friend's sister. But does that mean he liked her as more of a friend? Or was he just desperate? Harry knew he would probably have a chance with her if she ever broke up with Dean Thomas, but does that mean he actually liked her? Or is it just a safe route for a girl for him after his horrendous affair with Cho. All he wanted was a choice in life. A choice that he can make out of his own free will, without something or someone telling him how to live his own life. Was that too much to ask? Maybe for him it is. But he knew what he was. He's Harry Potter. Harry Potter never had and won't ever had a choice in life. People always had expectations for him even if a prophecy wasn't breathing a death sentence down his throat. People will always be making the choices for him whether he liked it or not. Until he turned the corner and bumped heads with the one that will change that. Daphne and Harry both fell, holding their heads as Daphne's things fell out of her bag onto the floor. They both were too lost in thought to even notice each other before it was too late. "Ouch…" As Daphne rubbed her head before opening her eyes and taking in the person she bumped into. It was a boy with messy black hair and piercing green eyes with glasses. Once she saw the Gryffindor robes and his scar, she instantly knew who she bumped into, "Oh! I'm so sorry!" Harry was still holding his head in pain, "No it was my fault, I should've looked at where I was going." He looked up to the girl in question. Saying she was beautiful would be doing her a disservice. She was stunning for the lack of better words. She had long blond hair done with curls that went past her shoulders. Her ocean blue eyes looking straight into his, making him feel like she was looking directly into his soul. Her face was immaculate and he would be lying to himself if he didn't appreciate her other feminine parts. That was until he noticed her green robes with the snake insignia. He tensed as he noticed that this girl was from his rival house and he was expecting any second for a hex to be thrown his way. She hasn't done that yet but that may change very soon if he kept staring at her. The thing is, he couldn't keep his eyes off of her as he stared into her sparkling eyes. Daphne was in a similar predicament. She would be lying to herself if she said she didn't have a little crush on Harry Potter. She didn't want to be considered a fan girl but she definitely was attracted to the boy who lived. It's hard for a girl not to be but she liked to think that she was different. It's not just because he was attractive, even if he is delicious in her eyes, but his Gryffindor nature of his was always endearing to her and it showed with the classes she had with him which she always secretly hoped she had more of. They both couldn't get their eyes away from each other. Both were captivated by the other. It wasn't until Daphne couldn't take it anymore and looked down from him, blushing an adorable shade of pink on her face. Harry too blushed and looked away from her. Embarrassed that he would even think to do something like that to a Slytherin no less. Daphne started to pick up her things. She was shocked to see that Harry decided to help as well. They picked up her belongings, occasionally brushing their hands with each other and eliciting another series of blushes between the two. Harry picked up the last book and was intrigued by the cover. "Wait a minute, is this The Great Gatsby?" Daphne looked up to him in surprise. She didn't expect Harry Potter to ask her a question much less be civil to her due to her being a so called: "slimy snake". "Yeah," she responded to him as he gave the book to her. "I always liked