A one-shot prequel to "Many Fruitless Victories" Disclaimer: Character's are Tolkien's. I derive no profit from this, except enjoyment, and maybe enlightening reviews from readers. Warning: Just ONE SINGLE footnote A chance meeting. The title is taken from Unfinished Tales. "The Quest of Erebor," when Gandalf ends his account of how he happened to meet Thorin in Bree, and he says, "A chance meeting, as we say in Middle Earth" Rome, July 2nd 2005 The elf climbed the stone stairs hurriedly, jumping nimbly over every other step, his dark mane dancing upon his back, his leather-shod feet silently caressing the ancient flagstones. He stopped briefly when he reached the empty piazza. Arien speared the top of Quirinale Hill mercilessly in that hot summer day. The gentle breeze carried along the echoes of the noisy "stop the poverty" event that was taking place down there in the Foro, in the long, ruined stretch of grass that had once been the Circus Maximus and that still was the hugest venue in the world. He hadn't paused there, though, to recover his even breath, or to admire the stunning views from the skilfully open side of the piazza, the Eternal City splayed under his feet. He bowed silently, as he always did, to the mighty marble statues upon their tall stand. The sight of the Dioscuri, the mortal-immortal twins of Roman mythology always comforted him in a strange way. That was what he liked about Rome, he thought, dwelling upon fond memories of two lively, petulant half-elven children he had helped raise and had come to love as if they were his own, as he crossed the square towards the entrance of the ancient Papal stables and guards' barracks now turned into a modern conference centre. Many things were truly ancient there, even for elven standards. He nodded slightly to the armed guards before the entrance to the Presidential Residence and followed the signs that led to the Stables, in the opposite side of the square. Another flight of winding staircase led him to a wide, empty corridor with great, steely-framed windows that opened over the square. A lone table before a closed door was the only indication of a meeting being held there, and the elf turned his steps toward that place. "You are quite late, sir." A beautiful, elegantly dressed woman greeted him with friendly reconvention. He produced his identification and smiled at her. "Never too late to learn something, isn't it?" he joked in his wonderful voice. The woman returned his smile with a charming wink as she proffered a plastic identification. "Hundred per cent recyclable," she offered with a smug smirk at the sight of his frown. Obviously, he wasn't the first to make the remark, the elf thought with tired satisfaction, and for once he refrained from offering a lesson about energy waste and ecological impact of even hundred per cent recyclable items. Leave that to Thranduil, he thought amusedly, and nodding courteously to the woman, he opened the door and entered the room where a strictly restricted technical meeting was taking place since two hours before his arrival. Some heads turned towards him as the door opened in front of the first row of seats, and the elf cursed the careless architects in charge of the restoration of historical buildings. There were three speakers on a large table upon an empty stage, facing twenty or thirty rows of seats. He nodded politely, although he knew none of those who sought eye contact with him, and walked silently towards the end of the room, where he stood, despite the many empty places, leaning upon one of the stone columns that made part of the sixteenth-century original structure. The chairman, who was also the Food and Agricultural Organization's –FAO- spokesman, was introducing the next speaker, a tall man in his early fifties, with dark hair that was greying in the edges, and blue, sparkling eyes in a bronzed face. He was the man the elf had come to listen to. The chairman and the woman by his left discourses' he knew only too well, but it was the first time in fifteen years that the elder man left his field job to attend a technical meeting. Before the lights had been turned out, and the video was running, the man started to talk in a slow, calming and beautifully intoned voice that only enhanced the haunting, doomsday images and devastatingly accurate figures that showed the apparently unavoidable ruin of many ecosystems around the world. From Lake Victoria in Tanzania, to Aral Sea in the former Soviet Union, famine, despoilment, erosion and deforestation starred in the impacting documentary that dwelled coldly, but with kind compassion, upon a nightmarish world that was less than four hour's flight from Rome. Even for one hardened by long years of fighting ruthless environmental devastation as the elf, the pain was difficult to endure without some effort. A dense, stunned silence blanketed the room when the lights were turned on. However, the assault commenced almost immediately, as some of the assistants started to blame the lecturer for arising unnecessary panic. "I do not argue the figures that have been provided by the FAO," the speaker calmly answered a heated question, "and it is only good news that we are progressing in poverty reduction. It is about time that we managed to succeed in that, " he added softly, "for there is a huge tide, ladies and gentlemen, wider than last year's tsunami, threatening to overwhelm and drown our safe, comfortable and ordered world for lack of better hope. The hordes of the despoiled shall one day overflow their prisons and knock at our doors to demand justice…" Typical of the edain, the elf thought in exasperation as the argument progressed. Give them an objective, cold, well-founded truth and sit back to watch them wander away in search of a more comfortable lie or half-truth. Morgoth did a good job, indeed, but their blindness and indifference must have been bred by Sauron himself, I bet. "The fact is," the speaker was arguing patiently, " that we may defeat poverty, or cut it to half, as the millennium goal states, and yet find out that we have no land, soil, water and atmosphere to sustain the earth population, both human and not," he insisted in his patient, hopeful voice, "We need to change our paradigm, our way of living, for we are wasting away more than we can afford already…" "That discourse is outdated, Dr. Feldman," a young woman cut in dismissively. "We can now produce environmentally friendly versions of almost everything, and doom soothsayers like yourself are old fashioned, if necessary, reminders of another age, I suppose, but we are undoubtedly marching forth, despite those who try to earn their position becoming the voice of doom..." she added scathingly. A surprised silence followed her harsh words and then the chairman pointed towards the end of the room. " That gentleman over there." "Malcom Lauren (1) for Greenwood Great," the elf introduced himself briefly, standing tall and meeting the expectant glances with an easy -if somewhat haughty- smile as most heads in the room turned to identify the speaker. He expected it; his voice always had that effect, and he let the silence stretch a bit longer than necessary as everybody took in his tall, imposing frame. "I would like to reinforce Dr. Feldman's remarks. We have just learnt that FAO, as hopefully other international relief organizations after them, have just discovered the effectiveness of the small scale, bottom-line approach to community level development," he said with a sarcastically approving smile, waving the FAO's press release that lay upon every chair in the room. "Good for them and congratulations to those who have been restlessly shouting this for some decades now. But we need more, gentlemen and gentlewomen," he added with a playful smirk, "we need to change our paradigm for this delicate balance to have a slight chance of recovery. And we cannot do that at our current pace. Manufacturing recyclable goods still has a cost and an impact, madam," he addressed the woman who had so impolitely harassed the speaker. "And unless we start paying for that cost, the imbalance shall only become wider." He made a dramatic pause, then, but nobody dared interrupt him; the audience was enthralled by his powerful voice. "In this room there are about eighty something of the supposedly most environmentally friendly and concerned people in the world. How many of you, I wonder, have taken care of offsetting the ecological impact of your travelling here? And what can we say of those quarter million people jumping and screaming down there at the Circus Maximus? Did you bother to figure out how many solar panels, how many campaign hospitals, how many training courses could be paid for with just the money those people have spent since midday in plastic bottles of water to cool down from their humanitarian efforts?" "What have you done yourself?" the woman asked bluntly, offended but undaunted by his imposing attitude and his scathing words. "Well, my organization has discounted the carbon impact of my travelling here, as well as the general ecological impact of my sojourn, and has bought spare pieces to repair a waste treatment system in a small hamlet in Kenya as means of compensation. I invite you all to visit Greenwood Great's website and search the list of ecological projects in need of economic support. It won't be too late when you're back home to start offsetting..." he added with a wicked grin. "As for myself…" he kept on, "well, my trousers have been hand made out of wool coming from ecologically raised sheep I know by name and my shirt was woven from ecologically grown linen I personally planted. My sandals are of cow leather, and I don't think that you are all that interested in learning about my underwear…" he added challengingly, flashing his most charming smile and raising his right hand to his waist, as the audience erupted in amused laughter and scattered applauses. The woman, though, seemed unimpressed by his antics and clearly vexed by his approach. "So, your demagogic speech is aimed at promoting your organization, is that what this entire utopia is about, Mr. Lauren?" she asked contemptuously, looking around and searching for approval. "I fear this is the best utopia we can offer, yes," he agreed, "at least until Gucci and Versace start producing ecologically sound stilettos , madam," he added mildly, collecting more laughter. "I think Mr. Lauren has just expressed exactly what I meant," the speaker chimed in hastily, "And I congratulate his organization for their well oriented efforts. Producing ecologically is no longer enough, we need to reduce waste…" "So, you disapprove of events like today's "Live 8 Aid"?" another voice asked from the opposite corner of the room. The speaker sighed with hardly disguised tiredness and lowered his head for a second to hide his disappointment. When he looked up, he searched briefly for that Mr. Lauren's encouragement, but the dark haired stranger had disappeared silently. With a heavy sigh Dr. Feldman tried to put on a convincing smile and started explaining one more time. "I heard you threatened the audience with a striptease..." "And I got us an incredible amount of hits in our website, half of which, I am ready to wager, shall turn into new registered members…" Maglor's mood was at its foulest and most bitter, Celeborn noted as he took an empty chair and sat by his side in the small patio at their favourite trattoria. The waitress was already by his side with another long glass of their dark brown, home produced, caramel scented beer and a friendly smile. "Shall I bring the menu or you'll rather wait for your friends, Mr. Silvertree?" "We'll wait, thanks, Claudia." Celeborn sipped at the perfect crown with delight and drank a long draught before turning his piercing eyes to