" There are good people who are dealt a bad hand by fate, and bad people who live long, comfortable, privileged lives, a small twist of fate can save or end a life; random chance is a permanent powerful player in each of our lives, and in human history as well." - Jeff Greenfield PROLOGUE 12 February 1979 A goblin – one of unusually large stature, being about a foot taller than the other goblins that were rushing about outside his extensive office – sat behind his great wooden desk and contemplated the day's workings. The heavy losses that Universal Brooms Ltd. incurred for the last few years had finally caught up to the once popular company. Although they came up with several prototypes of above average brooms, they were simply not good enough to compete with other companies such as Nimbus. With many meetings between bank officials and Jon Terkweed, who represented the company when dealing with the goblins, it was finally decided that the debts owed to Gringotts were too heavy and vast for there to be any chance of recovery. They were forced to officially file for bankruptcy. His Head of Management had assigned a whole team of executives to handle the assets, which were gained with the permission of the owners, in order to aid the owners in the repayment of their debts. Now, he was to sign the Order of Restrictions that were to be placed upon those who were involved with the company, copies of which would be ready to be sent to the Ministry of Magic for their own official records. The documents were sat on top of the desk in front of him, fresh ink still drying upon the parchment, waiting to be collected by an executive, when a sudden glow started shining from a bottom drawer at the side of his desk. Ragnarok widened his eyes and rushed to pull the drawer open. Inside, lying within the polished wood, was a thick old tome which was growing brighter as the moments passed. He bent down to grip the book and lifted it, slightly struggling due to its great weight, and placed it gently on the table – documents laid forgotten underneath. He was aware that the brightness could only mean one thing, the thought of it nearly overwhelmed him. Could it be? Ragnarok stared at the cover, taking deep breaths as he read the title written in the ancient language of Latin. Annales Regum et Reginarum Maleficus. 'The Records of the Magical Kings and Queens,' he roughly translated. Furrowing his thick, furry eyebrows, he clutched at the pages and pulled open the large book to the middle, where the glow seemed to be coming from. The hefty pages flipped and thumped onto the surface of the desk, Ragnarok gaped at the page he opened up to. The light from the book was slowly dimming, and with the fading of the glow came the appearance of newly inked words on the blank page. Dated: 12 th February 1979 Crown Prince Nicholas Westerly (Magical) of Houses Pendragon, Emrys, Ravenclaw, and Gryffindor – Born. [Currently Stable] Anna Smith neè Westerly (Non-Magical) – Deceased. [Cause of Death: Infection, Severe Bleeding] "Your Majesty?" Ragnarok glanced up at the new arrival within his office. His trusted advisor and current Head of Gringotts, Lord Rockstooth, stood just inside the small double doors he had entered through, looking out of breath and slightly relieved at the sight of the king. "Rockstooth." Ragnarok acknowledged him. "Sir, I felt the wards trigger – they gave an indication to an alien object which could cause you harm. Are you well?" the smaller goblin said as he waddled closer to his King, glancing around to be sure of no present dangers, hand firmly grasping the hilt of the sword that laid on his hip, and then resting his eyes upon the book that laid on top of the royal's desk. Ragnarok narrowed his eyes at his advisor. "The wards triggered?" "Yes, Your Majesty." "Then perhaps you should consider weakening the wards. The only danger here is my incense at your belief I cannot protect myself." Ragnarok glared at Rockstooth who bowed his head in apology and respect. At one time, a few decades ago, the look he gave would have caused the smaller goblin to shake in trepidation. As it were, Ragnarok was glad, and somewhat annoyed, to have a true friend who did not fear him or the power he possessed. "I am sorry, Majesty, but you understand this is a formality which you must follow." The King let out a long-suffering sigh and nodded his head. Seeing this, Rockstooth decided to speak again, as Ragnarok did not give any indication that he would give an explanation to the activation of the wards placed on the King's study, "May I ask what could have caused the trigger?" Ragnarok considered for a moment before answering, "Seeing that all of the protections placed on this office are renewed to newer and more advanced ones every month, the wards may not have been able to identify this," he pointedly looked at the large tome in front of him, "as anything other than foreign." Rockstooth shot a curious look at his old friend. "What is it?" "This is an ancient written archive of all information pertaining to the wizarding kings, queens, and heirs apparent of Britain." "The wards triggered because of a book." Rockstooth gave a look of disbelief to his senior in rank and age. "Indeed – rather what the book is charmed to do, though." Disgust marred the younger goblin's face as he ferociously growled at the tome, "Why do we have a book that should be with the wizards in our possession?" "Now, my lord. This book is not the cause of our kind's woes but rather, it is its salvation." Rockstooth scoffed as Ragnarok shot him a pointed angry glance before continuing,"My ancestors were given this tome by the last Queen of Magical Britain. Her children were barren of magic, disabling them from having any legitimate claim to the throne so, with her death, we were given the book to protect her descendants – you are aware of the pure-blood wizarding opinions of non-magical children born to highborn magical families?" "It's abhorrent," Rockstooth answered, shaking his head disapprovingly. "Undeniably. The royal Prince and Princesses had eventually married and all of them were not able to create a legitimate heir, all of the Queen's grandchildren also lacked magical ability. They were all eventually forced to leave the wizarding community and live within the mundane world. Queen Eleanora feared for her children as well as her grandchildren's lives so asked help from her closest ally – our then king, Warnock. I suppose she saw it as the best choice – we were and are renowned for our ability in protecting treasure – and she believed them to be the greatest treasures of them all, an opinion we Goblins also share of our own young. If the records were kept with us, handed down through generations to generations of our Kings, the Queen was sure the knowledge of her children and grandchildren would remain protected until the time came in which a magical heir would be born." "Their royal line has remained without an heir since the reign of Warnock?" Rockstooth asked, "That must be at least five hundred years, Your Majesty!" To say that Rockstooth seemed shocked was an understatement. "Yes. And what damage they have done without them. They have had a civil war between different families who thought themselves noble enough to rule the kingdom after the death of the Queen, resulting in the formation of their Wizengamot where all of these families had a seat – agreeing that a democracy would be the best way to solve their issues. Three Goblin Wars were fought due to their disrespect of our customs, something that would not have been required as a wizarding royal would have usually been knowledgeable of our traditions. A new dark lord has also risen, only a few decades after the fall of Grindelwald, embodying variants of all the ideals which belonged to the ancient families who dishonourably drove out the heirs of Queen Eleanora." "Indeed, Sire. I find myself struggling to hold in laughter when I hear the Ministry is still publicly declaring opposition against Voldemort when most of his followers are within the Wizengamot itself. Do they honestly not wonder how that bastard is getting so many followers? Surely everyone knows that gold speaks." Ragnarok hummed in agreement, a slight smile on the side of his lips, showing some of his razor sharp teeth. "You are correct, of course. We follow the gold that which feeds us – it is the simplest nature of all beings on this Earth – and the people with the most gold, other than our own people, are those within the ancient families of the Wizengamot." "You think that a wizarding King or Queen could have avoided the current war?" "I believe we could have prevented most of the wars that have occurred since Their Majesties Warnock and Eleanora. Wars with dark lords such as Grindelwald or Voldemort are unavoidable but would have been easily deterred with the presence of higher authority that outranked the corrupted Wizengamot." Rockstooth nodded in thoughtfulness and curiously watched as his King looked back down to the large book still laid out flat in front of him. "Is that why you are reading that book? I do not think it does well to dwell in the past and what could have been, Your Majesty." Ragnarok glimpsed at his trusted friend for a moment, frowning then deciding that his advisor should know of the new development that had occurred. "I do not read this for the history, my friend. I bring these records back from the dust for the future." Rockstooth frowned in confusion. "Sire?" "Do you remember the prophecy about the Promised Ones? It was made only a month ago." Ragnarok asked, turning the book around and pushing it across the desk so that it was right in front of Rockstooth who then leaned down to read the short piece of writing on the page. It was later that Ragnarok would recall this memory as one of the most amusing he had, the wide shocked eyes of the advisor who had seen him through most of his failures and victories as a ruler would serve to humour him for the rest of his reign. -o0o0o0o- Two Years Later, 24 th November 1981 Another tiring day had passed. Ragnarok sat in his large palace home, his time of overseeing traditional procedures and signing documents as he usually did was as dreary as all the rest of the days that had passed after his coronation. The recent end of the wizarding war which was led by Voldemort saw a rise in the previous declining wizarding economy. The sudden rush excited many of the goblins as, at the height of the war, all work was nearly scarce for them. Presently, witches and wizards no longer feared to leave their homes, businesses had begun to run again, and gold flowed freely between the happy populace. Malicious goblins, those that did not bother themselves with the promise of confidentiality, would also choose to mention that the members of the Wizengamot were also transferring money into the accounts of newly elected members of the Ministry of Magic – possibly to ensure the cover-up of their involvement with the Dark Lord. As well as accounts spilling their gold as much as they could to wipe the blood off of their owner's hands, accounts had to also be frozen. Though goblins still held contempt for wizardkind, they still viewed the events that occurred at and around Godric's Hollow as tragic. An innocent child was stolen from both his father and mother in one night, left an orphan with just a few moments of destruction. The