DISCLAIMER: I don't own most of these characters, but the story is all mine :D "Listen to me Black! Do not go back into that building. It's about to fall. I will not lose one of my crew, just so you can play hot-shot hero." I yelled. That kid was going to be the death of me and everyone else on my crew. He had no regard for the rules. Always trying to do things his way. So rash and reckless. Like he had a death wish or worse, like he was invincible. I hadn't gotten to this position by being stupid, but he ignored me and my years of experience, anyway. Why the hell didn't he listen to me? I watched in horror and disbelief as he ran into the building and the flames of the fire engulfed him...the fire flaring higher and hotter. There was a loud cracking sound and then the roof came crashing down as the small building imploded in on itself, trapping him inside. If he survived the roof coming down on top of him, he would be nothing but a pile of ash within minutes. "Fuck! What was that shit? Stupid! Stupid! Stupid kid!" Emmett was screaming towards the collapsed building, as if Jake could hear him still. Jasper just shook his head, he was a man of few words. We pulled the hoses over to where Jake went in and worked hard and fast to put the fire out, but I knew. I knew that I had lost him. He died in there...trying to save one more life...just one more. He wanted to be a hero. The problem is, according to the shop owner, everyone was out, already safe. I don't know what Jake thought he saw or heard, but I'm pretty sure it was his imagination. And now, I'm going to have to be the one. The one to tell his young wife that he won't be coming home...that she can call herself a widow. That he was dead. Died in the line of duty. I hated that aspect of the job. I loved the rush, and danger of being a firefighter, but I never took unneccessary risks. Not like Jake just did... I only have had to notify the family of a deceased crew member once before. I swore than that I would never have to do it again. I worked very hard keeping my crew safe...until now. Damn Jacob Black! I had only met Jake's wife once. He never invited her to any of the get togethers we had. I thought back to the day that I met the elusive Bella Black... ~~~Flashback~~~~ I hate motorcycles. I may be a thrill seeker, but I had seen too many people die because of these stupid, dangerous contraptions. I watched as the young boy parked in the visitor parking lot, put the kickstand down and dismounted. The bike was sleek, red, and fast looking. I didn't know much about bikes, but this was not your daddy's Harley. This bike is better known as a crotch rocket. The kid was small, too small. The bike seemed too big for him. He probably thought he looked cool, dressed all in black from head to toe. Black leather combat boots, straight leg jeans, leather bomber jacket, back pack, gloves, and racing helmet, with a mirror tint visor. I wondered briefly if his parents approved of the bike. Hell they probably bought it for him, who am I kidding. I had to remind myself...not my kid...not my problem...yet. I slowly walked over to see what he wanted. The kid swung the pack off his shoulders, set it on the bike and proceeded to remove his gloves then reach up to unsnap the helmet. I was just about to ask if I could help him, when the helmet came off and long, brown hair spilled out, pouring down like a waterfall to the hips. Not a boy. I don't know why I was so sexist and assumed it was a boy on the bike, but as she turned towards me, I could now see, she was all woman...errr...girl. She was still very young-looking, but drop-dead gorgeous. Yeah, that amazing hair, long and straight with red and blonde highlights shining in the weak Forks sunshine. A perfect heart-shaped face with a widows peak. High cheek bones, creamy, pale smooth skin and huge (almost too big) brown eyes with the darkest, longest lashes framing them. A small up-turned nose and the most kissable, plump red lips. She looked like an angel. Her face was in complete contrast with how she was dressed. Her face was completely feminine. Her clothes, more practical and boyish. Not really fitting her small frame. "Can I help you?" I asked the tiny girl. God. She was small...over a foot shorter than my 6'4" frame. I kept myself in good shape. I was into extreme sports, mountain climbing, bungee jumping, sky diving and zip lining, just to name a few. Not to mention I had to be in top physical form, in order to perform my job and lug equipment around. I was strong and muscular. I probably was more than double her weight. As I looked down at this tiny, beautiful angel, I felt a stirring I hadn't felt in a very long time. I wanted her! She smiled up at me. "I'm looking for Jacob Black." Figures. "I'm Bella Black, Jake forgot his lunch when he left this morning." Her voice was rich and smooth, but husky. Not at all what I expected. Not a little girl voice at all, in fact she had the kind of voice that you would expect to hear when you make one of those 1-900 phone sex, calls. Her voice was perfect for seduction. "You're Jakes...sister? Cousin?" One could hope, right? Her eyes twinkled with merriment. "No...his wife." I frowned. "He never mentioned that he was married...ahhh, I'm sorry, that came out wrong." I felt really bad when the smile disappeared, to be replaced with a frown, her eyes dropping to the ground, a pink tinge appearing in her cheeks. I could see the pain, and embarrassment that I had caused, and it made me feel like a low-life. She sighed and shrugged. Like she was shaking something off, then looked up at me again. "Well, anyway, I brought his lunch, and a surprise for everyone in the company." She pulled her back pack off the bike seat and pulled out a shoebox. She flipped the lid up and I could see three or four different kinds of homemade cookies. "This is for everyone." She was smiling again, her earlier discomfiture forgotten. "Jake's out back right now. Can I show you around the station?" I wanted to spend a little more time with her. She was an enigma, and charming. She nodded eagerly. "I would love that. Jake talks so highly of everyone here. He really loves being a firefighter." We walked in through the big bay doors where the fire engines were parked. Emmett was tinkering around on one of the big rigs. He made sure that they were in tip-top shape all the time, kept them purring like kittens. "Hey Emmett, come meet Bella Black...Jacob's wife." I shouted as we walked up to him. Em rolled out from under the vehicle and he jumped up to his feet, like a jack-in-the-box. For such a big guy, he was very agile and moved with ease. "Emmett McCarty, meet Bella Black." I introduced. "Hey, Bella! Good to finally meet you! Jake has been talking about you for years." Emmett had a huge grin on his face and put out his big hand, which completely engulfed her tiny one. So...Emmett knew about Bella? Must be one of his recruits from high school, though the kid didn't volunteer until he had taken his fire safety class, and applied for a permanent position. He happened to hit us on a good day, as Leroy Jackson, the old chief, had retired, and I had just taken over the station, leaving a full-time position to fill. I would have to check with Em, and find out how he knew Jake...and Bella. The smile on Bella's face was spectacular, and her whole face was committed to it, with her eyes sparkling with happiness. "Pleased to meet you Emmett! Would you like a cookie?" Before she could even get the question out, Emmett had grabbed one of each kind and had already shoved one in his mouth. "Mmmmphh. Thesh shar goo." He mumbled around a mouthful. "Thanks." She grinned again, then looked at me and did a little eye roll at Emmett's antics. We walked into the kitchen/lounge area where we would spend our free time in between calls. The room had a full kitchen, with all the amenities, and a big table with six chairs around it. There was a long counter separating the kitchen from the lounge area. On this side of the counter was a long couch, two recliners, coffee table and a decent sized T.V. I realized as I showed her into the inner sanctuary of the station that I hadn't introduced myself. "By the way, I should probably introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen. Station Chief." I smiled at her. She smiled back, as she opened the refrigerator and set Jake's lunch on one of the shelves. She set the box of cookies on the table, then shrugged out of her jacket, hanging it over the back of one of the chairs. I didn't realize how bulky her jacket was until she was standing in front of me without it on. The long-sleeved Henley style t-shirt she wore, clung to her curves, in all the right places, accentuating her...uhm...assets. I had to get my mind out of the gutter, and off of her body. I continued the tour upstairs, where my office, the bunk room and showers were. "This is where we crash, if we are working over night." I looked around the room, with the small cots, and grimaced. None of us really every slept in here. All of us were too big for the cots. Usually we would fall asleep on the couch or one of the recliners. I watched as she took in her surroundings, then laughed out loud at the silly, small cots. "Really? I can't imagine you, or Emmett, or especially Jake, being comfortable on those puny things. You guys are all giants, there is no way you can get any sleep on those things." She was shaking her head at the thought. She continued to peruse the room, when her eyes lit with excitement at the sight of the pole in the corner. "Can I slide down the pole? Please?" Her eyes were begging me, and she was bouncing around, hopping from foot to foot, just like a child would. Her big eyes never left my face waiting for me to answer. I nodded. "Under one stipulation." I smirked at her. "You do exactly as I say and I will go first so I can catch you...if need be." She quickly nodded her head in agreement. She listened carefully to my directions, a cute little crease forming between her eye brows, as she concentrated on what I was saying, then she watched me avidly as I grabbed the pole and slid down. I could hear her nervous giggle, and looked up, ready to catch her. I watched as first one arm, then the other stretched out to grip the pole, her shirt riding up, and exposing some of her belly, and her shirt straining over her breasts. She wrapped her legs around the pole and I almost groaned. I wouldn't mind if she wrapped her legs around me. Shit! Stop thinking about her like that! She's married. She slid down very slowly, it was almost like watching something in slow-motion. As she got closer to the ground, I placed my hands on her back,