Hi so this is my first story the chapters maybe a bit small but i hope u like it... (I don't Own ANYTHING!) i stare out the window as people pass by. why are there so many people today? its packed just on this one street, like how many people actually live in District 12? I really don't understand. I jump off the stupid old brown couch. When i was little the foot resting stool would always pop up whenever i walked right pass it, and then i would trip and flip over. My Mom and Dad say its my brother when i try to tell them; but he's never there when i get hit. Haha, creepy right a haunted couch; My Grandma says it could be Haymitch because he will always be watching over her. He died just before i was born so i never got the chance to meet him, but my Grandparents both tells tons of stories about him so i don't mind. How my Grandpa described him was "An old drunken loveless man" but i know he misses Haymitch and so does my Grandma. i run into the kitchen almost hitting my Dad in the back. instead i sidestep and hit the side of the table with my hip. "Ow!" i whisper in pain, but not loud enough for both my parents to hear "Mom" i say just to cover it up. "What is it dear?" my Mom a beautiful person looks up from where she has her hands full of soap and bubbles in her hair and on her face. i giggle as my Dad tries to wipe them off. They really are a perfect match for each other. My dad has brown hair and Hazel eyes he's pretty broad shouldered and tanned skinned, he was from district 4 before moving here. And my Mom well she's perfect for any kind of Mom. She has blond hair like my Grandpa, green eyes, skinny, and she only looks about 25 when shes older. "Why are there so many people here today?" i ask sitting down rubbing the side of my hip. my Dad kisses her cheek before leaving through the kitchen door and out the front. i watch as he strides his way through the people on the streets and towards the bakery. "How do i put it," she walks over to the table and sits in the chair opposite of me. my Mom clears her throat and then speaks "Today is the day to celebrate for winning against the Capital, so everyone from each districts will gather here for the day to celebrate. we have to thank my parents, your grandparents for saving us from the Hunger Games" i look out the white kitchen wooded window again seeing the different dresses women wear and suits the men wear. "So how many people will be piled up on the streets?" i ask smirking at the thought of thousands of people shuffling through swarms of bodies. reminds me of a book i once read, where the family had 10 people living in a one roomed house. i thought living with my older and younger brother was tough. "Hundreds maybe" she replies then gets up and walks over to the sink finishing up the rest of lunches plates. "Anyone from the Capital?" i already know the answer but i wanted to see if maybe they forgot about the whole thing. "Probably not, they still haven't gotten over the guilt from what they did to us" I believe its more to the fact that they never thought it possible that we could out beat them again in a rebellion. "Oh" is all a reply to. "Where's Tyler?" Tyler my older brother by two years was earlier sitting with Dad watching the Capital T.V and throwing a pillow at Damien my younger brother by one year. They both have blond hair like my Mom and green eyes, Tyler is the type who gets into tons of fights and very hard to get to know, but me and him have one of the best brother and sister relationships i really have ever known in district 12 he has short curly hair but normally wears a hat to cover the messiness. Damien's more of the quiet small type of person who's never shy around people he knows but as soon as its someone new he becomes really shy. Kind of like me. he has longish hair that could be put into one of the smallest ponytails but he likes it covering his ears and eyes. probably partly to due with the shyness. "Still in the forest with Damien, would you mind getting them dear?" Mom asks wiping the bubbles off her hands and resting on the counter. she sighs deeply and stares straight in front. What's wrong with her? i don't get involve and instead head out our front door. I jump past people in the streets past my Dad's bakery, my Grandparents house, Callie's house who I've been best friends with since we were 5. and down the road that leads to the fence with the only hole. there just here now to keep out wild animals, but we can go out to hunt and after 50ish years people have finally been eating better and getting the protein to grow and stay alive. "Tyler! Dame!" i yell as climbing over fallen down logs and trying to avoid the growing plants, Its really beautiful here. Tree's surrounding the area, birds sing, and animals scatter the ground looking for food. The forest is the only thing me and my brothers have in common, we all gather here to hunt or just waste the day away wandering and going on adventures. "Tyler! Dame! Are you guys here?" i yell louder checking each direction. "BOO!" i jump swiveling around and hitting whoever yelled boo. "Ow!" the boys voice said, and i knew it wasn't Dam or Tyler. i back up in fighting pose as Tyler taught me, and looked at the boy. he stands up straight holding onto his stomach with a silly smirk on his face. "Nice hit for a girl" "Who are you?" i say glaring at him. he laughs and takes a step backwards to lean against a willow tree. "The names Cain Hawthorne" he says with a wink. "And you?" "Creeper much" i say with anger. "Where you from? i know your not from District 12 so no lies!" "That's an," he looks me in the eyes "Odd name, but i rather like it" my fists ball up as he snickers again. who the hell does he think he is! i glare at him and we just stand staring at each other for what felt like forever. is he gonna answer my question or is he too stupid to handle more then one question at a time? "Kisa?" i turn to my right and find Tyler standing with his hunting bag and arrow. "What's going on?" he looks between me and the boy named Cain. "Do you know him?" Tyler is a very overprotected brother, and i can't even talk to a boy without him asking me a whole bunch of questions about the boy. "So your not Creeper Much? I'm confused now" he says with a playful smile at the corners of his lips. "No, he just appeared in front of me," i say taking a step towards him. and totally ignoring the boy named Cain. "And Mom wants you and Dame to come back" Tyler walks up to stand beside me and looks at Cain. "So who are you, and what do you want with my sister?" i roll my eyes at my overprotected brother and then at Cain. "Cain Hawthorne and i was just having a nice nap up in this here tree," he points up to where he's leaning against the bark. "When she came along yelling very loudly two names. thought I'd scare her, it worked" he looks at me again with a smirk and then winks. i sense Tyler's anger building up and took his arm starting to drag him away from this problem. "But i actually am looking for people by the names of Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mallark" "What do you want with them?" i say glaring at him once more. and standing where i was before. "Nothing, just a warning" "What do you mean by warning?" Tyler asks taking a step forward. "No can do mister only i can talk to them" he fiddles with his fingers, folding and then unfolding. "Were their grandchildren" i say before thinking. Tyler gives me a deep glare. "Well then that changes things. best be warned that they are coming" "Who's coming?" Tyler asks. "That's all i can say well i better head off for another nap, tell that to your Grandparents was it," he glides over to me. "see you around sweetheart" a peck on the cheek and he's gone. i blush a bit as Tyler grinds his teeth together in frustration. "That BASTARD!" Tyler yells stomping off while dragging me with him. i hear a faint laugh before nothing but silence. "Don't worry Tyler, he's gone now" he gives me a dirty look and then wipes my cheek with his sleeve. "So where's Dame?" "Back at the river" he says spitting through his clenched teeth. "If he'd done anything to you," "I know you wouldn't forgive him" i interrupt him once again, we've already been down this road. "No! He's not from district 12, what if he's from the Capital? then what?" i know what he means. if people are coming here to spy on us then what? they could try and take over us again, and maybe return the Hunger Games. i shiver at the thought, pushing it aside i follow Tyler as he climbs a bunch of tall rocks to our secret hideout. "What took Y'all so long?" Dame says holding onto his stomach because he's laughing so hard. Dame, cannot do a accent if it would safe his life. i laugh as dropping down beside him and taking a berry. Tyler stands still looking out at the opening probably still mad. "What up with him?" Dame asks throwing up a berry and catching it with his mouth. "Mad" i mumble taking another handful. "Someone jumped out at me," he looks at me with a questionable look. "Someone from not around here" i say trying to explain better. "Guy or girl?" "Guy, his name was Cain something" Tyler looks over at us. "Hawthorne," he says and then grabs a handful of berries and sits down next to me. "He was totally rude and very ugly" Dame snorts and juice starts running down the side of his nose. "Gross Dame!" i squeak side jumping and squishing myself against Tyler. he wipes it off his sleeve and then tries to shove it in my face, i poke his side and he gasps and crumples to the ground. "God Kisa, that's meh pressure point" "I'm worried about that Hawthorne guy though," Tyler steps in. "He didn't look like a district person at all. he had a ring with some symbol printed on it" i give him my side look. "And what the hell was up with that warning thing?" "What warning thing?" Dame asks "You analyzed all that in the very few seconds you were there?" i say at the same time as Dame. then i placed my head on my hands and lean against a huge rock. "i was with him for minutes at least and didn't get anything weird about him, until you showed up and he said the warning. what could it had meant?" "What warning?" again Dame asks glancing back and forth between the two of us. "Something about there coming, but who is the question" i say. "Oh" "So you think he's from the Capital?" Tyler glances at me with a horrid expression. "I think so" is all he says