Disclaimer: All I own is Shade. Shade's POV I stared at him. I will admit, I was taken aback. This Ranger appeared surprised, but not frightened. I did not intimidate him. Most men, certainly the hobbits, would be startled at my appearing straight out of the treetops. They may not know my kind, but I certainly do not look, shall we say, normal. Usually, that, coupled with my ability to sneak up on most folk and my own particular charms, manage to scare the most brave man. Perhaps I've grown arrogant in my old age. Hah! The man could likely be older than I, maybe. He had Numenorean blood in him by all accounts. Then again, I was no spring chicken myself. No, I was definitely the elder. Even a Numenorean of old would not look young at my age. Some advantage to being me after all. A vision of my angry father throwing me from the house, screaming curses at my damned witch's head burst into my mind. I pushed it away, as I did with all such thoughts. Ah, well. He had long since passed away. Maybe he shouldn't have complained so much about my immortality. I lowered my sword. And made a curt nod for the company to follow me. They seemed mystified. I narrowed my eyes and them and glanced pointedly at the hobbit. I turned on heel and started walking. I didn't turn back to see if they would follow. I knew. And I could hear them anyway. No one moved for a moment, or breathed. Even Strider seemed caught off guard at this change in events. The woman, girl, whatever she was, did not speak, but lowered her sword, and nodded at them to follow her. No one moved, but exchanged confused glances at each other. She rolled her eyes and glared pointedly at Frodo. She looked at them commandingly one more time and started walking. They had no choice. It was clear that she wanted them to follow them, and even though she hadn't spoken, they had a feeling that her appearance after the mention of athelas and her pointed glance at Frodo meant she wished to heal him. Not that Sam was having any of it. " Why are we following her? She attacked us! She mighta killed Mr. Strider!" Strider looked thoughtful, " Aye, she could have. But she didn't. And I did not see evil in her eyes. Actually, I didn't see much of anything. Except... well, it was more like speech and less like sight." He said this almost to himself. Suddenly they were aware that she was standing in front of a seemingly impenetrable wall of trees and foliage. She sprang suddenly to the branches and was soon over the side and out of sight.The hobbits barely had time to protest when a part of the wall swung open to reveal a large clearing with a garden and a small cottage , with many rooms that seemed to be high in the branches of a great tree that grew straight through the house. Shade's POV I don't know why I even bother. Shades are not trusted by anyone, as a rule. And I like it that way. Those idiot beings leave me alone and have for eighty years now. I can already see parts of where this journey leads and I have gathered their strange adventure already from their minds. The Ring! In my little realm. How droll. Actually, it was rather annoying. As much as I detest men, it would appear I would have to put up with one, even allow him as a guest in my house. Those hobbit things... They are annoying, but at least they shouldn't be too troublesome. I can always silence their speech if they get to be too much. But if the Ring is found again, then I shall have to accompany these loathsome folk at least to Rivendell. I may hate men, but Sauron is no better, and he is considerably more troublesome. I've seen too many visions from elven minds to think that he would leave me in peace in my little land. I wonder if I've any power over the Great Ring. My forgery skills are doubtful, but perhaps it can be destroyed by magic. I tried to probe the damned thing, and fainted. The last thing I remember was the pain, the tears streaming down my face as I screamed silently. I heard the hobbit scream as well. Frodo was feeling drained, and things were once again losing their focus. A sudden, violent pain in his hand shook him to reality. He felt as if he could see things, everything, but it all went by too fast to comprehend. He saw a woman and a child. The woman raised a knife. He saw a man attacking a girl, he saw fire, he saw a mountain full of flame. He screamed and everything went black. The hobbits stood over Frodo as Strider boiled athelas he found in the house. He put the scented water beneath Frodo's nose and called to him. "Frodo. Frodo, awake. I am calling to you. Come from your darkness, come to the light. Your friends are here." Frodo's eyelids fluttered and his eyes opened, but he appeared to be far away. "Mr. Frodo?" Frodo looked at Sam. And then stared around him for a moment, as if remembering where he was. " I saw... strange things. Fire.. Mt. Doom... suffering. I thought I heard someone singing. Or speaking. Many people." he wasn't making any sense and the hobbits looked to Strider. Merry stepped close to him and asked quietly, "Has he gone mad? Has that witch poisoned his mind?" Strider looked at him, pondering. " No, I do not think that it was purposeful. Frodo must have had some vision, though I can't imagine why that would affect her. If we wish for answers, we should wake her." He bathed her face in the water and called to her. " Come back to the light. Come. Do not be afraid, come-" he felt at a loss for words. He knew no name for her and still knew not whether she be friend or foe. What was her name? he looked at her. She was a shadow of a woman, her skin not pale, but seemingly colorless, as was her ashen hair, light and gray. Fair and shadowed. Her lips too, lacked color. Her frame was thin and lithe, but hard, as with years of toil and hard work. She was like statue, beautiful in work, but cold, gray and thus, also seemingly unattractive. What was her name? She seemed to elude him as he sought for her mind and her presence, searching to find where she had retreated to. Almost like a whisper, a name came to him that seemed fitting enough, somehow, it belonged to her. "Shadow, come. You are not in danger. Awake. He reached out a hand for her cheek and suddenly her eyes snapped open. She grabbed his arm with a speed and force unfitting for one her size. Strider was taken off guard and found himself on the ground, with her standing among them all with her sword drawn. Shade's POV It took me a moment to gather my bearings. I knew I had scared them all greatly. Good. They needed to be scared. Shadow. Idiot man, as if I were a pet he could name. I waited a few moments longer than necessary to recollect what exactly had happened. How long had I been unconscious? I glanced furtively at the sinking sun. An hour the least. Inwardly, I groaned. And hour at the mercy of strangers. You're losing your touch, Shade. I at last sheathed my sword and saw the hobbit things let their breath out. The man appeared no different and stood as if I hadn't been leveling a sword at his throat a second before. I narrowed my eyes at him. Not a good sign. "My lady, we mean you no harm. I am a healer and merely wished to wake you. I am sorry for the intrusion, but one of our company is injured and is in need of athelas. I hope you do not mind, but I used some of your supply to heal the both of you. However, I am afraid we've a long journey yet and beseech you to aid us. If we could have a little more of the herb, we will leave you immediately." Of course they would need more athelas. Little grew in these parts and I had harvested almost all of it. The hobbit was in far greater danger than they imagined. I sighed and beckoned them to follow. Aragorn looked her in the eyes for long moment, yet all he saw was twilight. Then she nodded and turned towards her house. Suddenly, a cold cry called not a mile away. Another answered. The woman spun and glanced at the night sky. She seemed to hesitate, then made a noiseless sigh and turned again to her home, all too clearly meaning for them to stay the night there. Sam turned nervously to Merry, "Does that mean we're staying here?" "Guess so. She said she give us the athelas anyway." " She said nothing." "Good point. Do you think we can trust her?" " No!" " Well, better her than the Black Riders. Fast with that sword though, but they give me the chills. She's a bit less frightening." They noticed that her gaze was upon them and an ironic look, almost amused expression showed in her eyes. "A little too keen that one." Shade's POV I could not helped but laugh to myself I heard them whispering, as if that helped them any. I even allowed a bit of my mirth to show outwardly in my eyes. This made them look ever more apprehensive. Perhaps this group wouldn't be too much of a pain to Void after all. That blasted man though. Too bad he's who he is. I'd rather like to cut that confident look from his visage. I set about making dinner. I have not cooked for a crowd in... my, it has been a long while. Seventy years? Stew will be easiest. I pulled some extra carrots and potatoes from the stores and boiled the water. The years haven't improved my cooking. Aragorn glanced about the small house with interest. It was built around the base of the great tree and he could see another floor above them through a trap door in the ceiling. He could only guess that one climbed the boughs of the tree to get up there. He turned his eyes once more to the girl. Shadow, he was starting to call her in his mind. She glanced at him, annoyed. That glance seemed to know just what he was thinking. A lesser man would have quailed, but he held her gaze. All of a sudden he felt himself looking over his thoughts, though not on purpose. He felt almost as if he were reliving his life. It took him as moment to see that she had taken control of his thoughts and he stood up angrily and cried out. "What business have you in other people's minds?" She looked him over disdainfully as the hobbits looked on nervously. She looked him in the eyes coolly, and raised an eyebrow and he was reminded of his thoughts concerning her name and his recent intrusion, not that it had been of his choosing, into her home. He did not apologize, for she had been the most guilty of the two, but he sheathed his sword. Shade's POV I had a lot to accomplish in one night. I showed my 'guests' to the upper floor and hung several more sleeping nets for them to rest in. All of them, even that man, seemed miffed by the nets. What dumb beings! I rolled my