After the Fire By: Roslyn Drycof Disclaimer: Of course I'm not JK Rowling, and obviously I don't own any of these characters Warning: pregnancy, male pregnancy, HPDM, minor HPGW It was the October after the Battle of Hogwarts, and the school looked just as it always had before the terrible events of the spring. While the atmosphere of the students was somewhat more subdued than before the second rise of Voldemort, there was certainly more of a carefree spirit going around than during the Carrow's rule. Free of fear of the Death Eaters, Ravenclaws, Hufflepuffs, and Gryffindors alike walked amongst the halls as easygoing schoolmates. Even the younger Slytherins were often seen in the company of the other Houses. Only the upper year Slytherins stayed away from their peers, usually slipping through the halls between classes almost like silent wraiths. They were on probation by the Ministry of Magic, allowed to finish their schooling to become productive members of society as an alternative to their punishments handed down for their active involvement with the Death Eaters. And it was only thanks to the combined efforts of Harry Potter and Headmistress Minerva McGonagall that they'd been allowed such leniency. If it had been up the Ministry, they would have been tossed into Azkaban for up to five years, the maximum sentence permissible for a juvenile offender. Not all of the Slytherins were exactly thankful for Harry Potter's intervention, as that certainly placed them in his debt, but they kept their thoughts to themselves. They knew that while they may be resentful of the interference, they knew they had gotten off lightly for their crimes. Many of their parents were incarcerated in Azkaban, some up to the life sentence, and if they had escaped a prison term, they were on magical probation and facing reparations in the thousands of galleons. The Malfoys for instance, were especially hard hit. Lucius was put in Azkaban for a life sentence. Narcissa was on magical probation for life, and that leniency was only due to Harry Potter's testimony that she had saved his life. Their reparations were the highest meted out, at seventy-five percent of their fortune plus all non-monetary items in their Gringott's accounts not classified strictly as a family heirloom. The Ministry had wanted to make an example of Draco by throwing him in Azkaban with his father, but Harry Potter had once again come to the rescue to testify about Draco's unwillingness to identify him at Malfoy Manor that fateful day he and his friends had been captured. So Draco had escaped Azkaban, and while he was allowed to return to Hogwarts for a repeat of his seventh year, he was stripped of his Prefect status, banned from the Quidditch team, on magical probation and unable to perform magic strictly outside of the times indicated on his timetable that he was in class, and a tracking spell was placed on his person so that he was able to be located at all times. It was because of these indignities, that Draco became the most withdrawn Slytherin of them all. He rarely spoke when not in class, and even then he rarely spoke up. He sat at the corner of the Slytherin table for meals, and was always the first to leave the Great Hall. Because he was not allowed to attend Hogsmeade weekends without an assigned guardian, and Quidditch held no allure now that he was unable to play, he did not leave the castle. Indeed, if he did not have to eat or go to class, he probably wouldn't have left his dormitory at all. Harry hated it. At first, he'd been glad to be rid of the taunting and fighting that had plagued him for years courtesy of Malfoy and his goons, but after a few weeks he'd started to miss it. Oh, not the bloody noses or bruised ribs, and certainly not the jibes about Sirius. But he missed having the think of witty repartees and seeing the challenging gleam in Malfoy's eye whenever they had fought. He also missed having one person in the entire school besides his friends who didn't fawn over him. And even with his friends, there left someone to be desired because Hermione kept talking about how they had to seize the opportunity their fame gave them to fix the wrongs in the world, and Ron went on and on about how he and Harry could become Aurors after graduating without having to go through Auror training, and Ginny? Well, Ginny was the worst. She had expected their relationship to pick up where it left off, and Harry strangely felt no desire to rekindle their romance. Well, he supposed it wasn't so strange after all when he really thought about it, because he knew why he didn't want to date her. When he had saved Malfoy from the fiendfyre that day, he had felt something he had never felt before. Adrenaline pumping through his system, heat scorching his skin and sweat running down his face and into his eyes, he had felt Malfoy's arms clasped around his waist and his chest pressed firmly to his back and felt desire rise up. At the time, he'd tried to ignore it, reasoning that the life threatening situation had merely confused his adolescent body. But then when he'd seen Malfoy sitting in the remains of the Great Hall, shirtless while burns on his back being healed by a mediwitch, he had felt that insane desire reappear. He'd been horrified to see the scar tracing its way down his torso from the curse Harry had shouted at him in sixth year, but along with that horror had been the nearly overwhelming itch to caress the thin, white line breaking up the harsh beauty of his chest and abdomen. And so when Ginny had come up to him the first day of term and asked him why he had not asked her out again, he had evasively told her that he was no longer interested in her. She had angrily demanded why, certain that someone else had replaced her in his affections. Of course, he'd vehemently denied that, but she had seen the way his eyes had darted to the side, visions of Malfoy's scarred chest distracting him. Since then, she was relentless, shadowing him when they both had free time, watching his interactions with other students. He was glad for the Marauder's Map and his invisibility cloak and took to escaping the tower whenever possible. He would skip meals, dart between classes using infrequently used corridors, and fall into bed late after everyone else was asleep. Hermione and Ron were frustrated with his behavior, but they were blind to how bad Ginny was behaving. They didn't see the somewhat mad look in her eyes when she looked at him. They didn't know the things she desperately said to him sometimes, the pleas she made to him. She wanted to be the hero's wife. She wanted him to save her from being the youngest of a boisterous family. She wanted him to save her from the nightmares that woke up her. But how could Harry save her from his nightmares when he had his own? How could he save her from the boisterous family that he loved because of the fact that they were so enthusiastic and loving? How could he marry her when the last thing he saw before he went to bed and the first thing he woke up to was the vision of silver eyes flashing before him? He couldn't. And so he hoped that with time she would realize her efforts were futile. It wasn't until the thirteenth of October, a Friday, that he realized that she would never give him up. That somehow, during the war, something had happened to her to permanently unbalance her. He was wandering the fourth floor corridor just past the Arithmancy classroom, a class he had never taken but was secretly intrigued about, and suddenly a wave of heat coursed through his body. He paused, hoping it would pass. Instead, it steadily built until he felt like he was sweltering inside his school robes. Confused, he made his way into the Arithmancy classroom and sat down at one of the desks. He threw off his robe and unbuttoned his shirt, but it didn't help. What was wrong with him? He felt the edges of his vision going black and suddenly heard footsteps nearby. "Help," he tried to shout, but it only came out as a croak. His throat was so dry. He swallowed harsly. A feminine voice responded, but he couldn't make out who it was. Her voice rose and fell, and he thought it sounded friendly. Relieved, he smiled weakly. A hand touched his arm, and he had the thought that perhaps he could stand and she would assist him, when all of a sudden her touch felt like a hundred fiery needles jabbing at his skin. He gasped, and bent over. Her hand was removed, and the pain went away, only to come back twofold as both her hands suddenly grasped his face. Lips crashed onto his and he felt tears leaking out of his eyes from the sensory overload. The pain was enormous, and it frightened him, but what frightened him more was the fact that he was harder than he had ever been in his life. "No," he cried out weakly as her fingers deftly undid his shirt buttons. Her soft voice murmured reassurances that he tuned out, as they were lies. Lies, because if she were truly helping him she would be taking him to the infirmary. Instead, she slid off his shirt and unbuttoned his trousers. He jerked back when she touched the hard length of his erection through his boxers. The touch was painful, but it was also pleasurable in some twisted way that made him want to thrust into her hand at the same time he wanted to crawl away. What are you doing? Why are you doing this? Stop! His mind cried out, as his mouth refused to form the words. Tears slid from his eyes. When her mouth touched him, the soft, wetness engulfing his length, his vision went black and he blessedly lost consciousness. Vaguely, as though he were in a dream, he could feel her fiery touches still, the pain-pleasure twisting through his scorching hot body. On some level, he knew if he were truly unconscious he wouldn't be able to still feel her, but he was glad that he could only feel the vague impressions. Even those vague impressions made him want to scream, to cry at the horror of what was knew when she lowered her body to his, and he mentally beat the floor with his fists. He felt the heat of her surrounding his length, and felt a part of himself break. It felt like forever, a torturous hell that consumed his soul, when it had only been minutes, and suddenly all the heat coalesced into one shard that flowed through his body and out his hard length buried deep inside the nameless girl, and he finally blacked out completely. Harry woke to the feel of a wet cloth being pressed to forehead, wiping away the perspiration. Cold, clumsy hands were trying to cover his nakedness. He whimpered, fearful that it was the woman that had done this to him. A soft voice murmured, "Shh, you're safe," and he relaxed at the male voice. It was a familiar voice, and although he couldn't place it, there was a gentility to it. He opened his eyes after a few strokes of the cool cloth on his face, and he was stunned at what he saw. Draco Malfoy, an uncharacteristically tender look on his face, was dipping a white cloth into a small bowl of water. "Malfoy?" Harry rasped out, blinking repeatedly as if the vision before his eyes would change. The tenderness in Malfoy's eyes