Éomer'sBanquet Written for fun Appetizer When they left the shadow of the trees, the plain opened before him. Éomer reined in, bringing Firefoot to a halt and taking a deep breath as he stared at the soaring walls of Minas Tirith. He had been expecting the view, but the edifices of stone, blushing palest pink in the early morning, took his breath away. And from the very heights, the Tower of Ecthelion a glittering spire that thrust into the morning sky. At its top he could just make out the dark smudge of the King of Gondor's standard. Warm anticipation filled him. Until now he had not realised quite how much he had been looking forward to this visit. Even though he knew he would be returning to Edoras without his sister, the pleasure of meeting up with Aragorn and Imrahil again compensated a good deal. As he played with the thought, Éowyn drew alongside; he heard a long drawn-out sigh and turned his head towards her. She stared at the city, her mouth half open, eyes not full of happiness as they should be on the eve of her wedding, but sombre and joyless. Éomer guessed why she looked so sad and his heart went out to her. Last time she had ridden to Minas Tirith, she had arrived at a battleground. "What are you remembering, Éowyn?" She didn't answer for a moment continuing to look towards the city, but then she slowly twisted to face him, pain clouding clear blue to dull indigo. "It looked as though all the area in front of the city was covered with crawling black ants. I was so scared, but so desperate. I didn't want to live. But now I have found Faramir I want to live so much that it hurts." "Do not be sorry for that, rather be thankful that you have found such a good man to love." Éomer smiled at her, pleased to see that he evoked a smile back. "It won't be long now. I imagine he is already pacing the terraces watching for you." Éowyn laughed suddenly, her joyful countenance quickly returning. "I am not so sure. He will not be expecting us this early and is probably in his study surrounded by parchments." "Well, he will know very soon." Éomer nodded to where he could see the dust of a galloping horse heading straight for the gates of Minas Tirith. Someone in the guard-post on the Rammas Echor must have spotted them coming. Unconsciously Éowyn straightened up and lifted her hand to her hair, twirling a few errant strands in her fingers before pushing them behind her ear. "Tomorrow I will be married. I will be a princess of Gondor, Éomer. I hope I don't let him down." "Let him down! Éowyn, sometimes you talk utter nonsense." Éomer spluttered his astonishment "Let him down indeed. Gondor is fortunate to be having you, and I shall make sure everyone knows that. Now come on, let's go and get some breakfast." He signalled to his standard bearers to take up position at the front, raised his hand and the company took off at a slow canter towards the North Gate. The guards waved them straight through and a thousand Rohirrim, men and women, poured onto the Pelennor. Éomer scanned his eyes from the city to the river, and down to the Harlond. Everywhere there were signs of rebuilding: homesteads and farmhouses flattened by war had been roofed with new straw, already they glowed yellow as the sun climbed a cloudless sky. He could see a few figures working in fields, where rich brown furrows showed evidence of recent ploughing. Then to the left, near the river, movement caught his eye. He squinted into the sun and saw a small group of galloping horses. As he watched they made a sweeping turn heading across some open land and coming diagonally towards them. "Someone out for morning exercise," Éowyn remarked. She put her hand up to shade her eyes, brow creasing in a frown. "I am sure that's Faramir. The second one. Something about the way he sits." Éomer looked again. The riders were closing the gap fast and one horse raced in front of the others. What! A pale streak of fluid muscle and grace flew across the plain; he would recognise that horse anywhere. Angrily he turned to Éowyn. "That's Lyftwynn in the lead, but it surely can't be Arwen riding her" "No," Éowyn agreed. "She would not be galloping like that in her condition. But it does look like a woman on her back." Éomer gripped the reins, surprised at the depth of his anger. "I gave her to Arwen. The best we had. I did not intend for any other woman to enjoy her." "You are being unfair, Brother. She will need exercising until Arwen can ride again. And it looks to me as if her rider is worthy of her." He had heard Éowyn's placating tone quite a lot over the last year, this time she was obviously right. But the horse had been a noble gift to Aragorn's wife, given when King and Queen had come to Edoras for Théoden's funeral. A gift between friends, not between heads of state. "Well whoever she is, I damn well hope she isn't going to approach us at that speed!" But as he watched the rider gradually slowed the mare to a canter and allowed the others to catch up. When they did the small group slowed further, trotting along a track that ran almost parallel to their own for a short distance before it converged on the main way. Éowyn had not been mistaken, now almost within hailing distance, Faramir raised his hand. Éomer studied his companion, the woman who rode Arwen's horse. Admittedly she did compliment the light-grey mare. Wearing a deep mulberry colour riding dress, her black hair hanging in a long plait down her back, she sat straight and confident. And although too far away to see her facial features, somehow he knew she would be comely. But that thought got pushed aside and Éomer ground his teeth as she moved Lyftwynn right next to the Steward. So close that surely their legs rubbed together and then she reached her hand over. It didn't take his good eyesight to see her squeeze Faramir's arm, look up into his face and make some comment which got his sister's betrothed laughing. Éomer glanced at Éowyn. She sat stiff, gazing fixedly at the little scene, lips thinned in fury. His own ire rose further. The sooner he met up with the hussy the better. Probably some lady-in-waiting who thought to advance her position. Éowyn shouldn't have to deal with this sort of thing on the day before her wedding. He kicked Firefoot on, riding right through his standard bearers, and charging his horse up to the unknown woman. Firefoot had to sidestep to avoid bumping into Lyftwynn, but trained in the Mark, the mare did nothing more than toss her head. The woman, no doubt trained in the courts of Gondor, raised elegant eyebrows, her mouth opening in surprise. "You're riding the queen's horse! How dare you!" Éomer barked it out before he even greeted Faramir. Just as he did so his eyes fixed on the woman's face. Béma, a beauty. No wonder the worthy steward looked to be enjoying his morning ride. But he continued to glare at her. She didn't drop her gaze like most did when treated to that particular stare of his, but returned one of her own with eyes almost too large for her elf-like face. Ignoring that, he flicked his own eyes to her breasts - a natural move for any man. The deep vee of her otherwise severely cut riding dress showed a mouth watering figure. Éomer drew in breath, but then a jolt of realization hit him. Surely that was…Oh no! It was. An embroidered motif decorated her bodice, silver thread woven into the unmistakable shape of the Swan-ship of Dol Amroth. Damn! His foul temper would get him into real trouble one day. Attempting to retrieve his dignity, Éomer prepared to stutter an explanation of his ill-mannered behavior, but was forestalled by a guffaw of laughter from Faramir. "Éomer, is that the way you normally greet a lady? No wonder you remain unmarried." When he didn't answer, sometimes less said the better, Faramir continued. "Éomer King, allow me to present my cousin, Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, Imrahil's daughter." "Oh, Lothíriel," Éowyn's voice came from behind him. She sounded relieved. "We wondered just who Arwen would trust with Lyftwynn. Of course it makes perfect sense now." "Part of my duties, Lady Éowyn. We could not possibly leave such a wonderful horse languishing in the stables." Low and melodious, her voice matched her face, Éomer decided. Exquisite. She smiled and the morning became even brighter. But Éowyn must have heard no more because Faramir jumped down from his horse and held out his arms to her. She fell into them, and the Steward swept her into a passionate embrace, black hair mingling with gold. Éomer watched with increasing wonder – so much for Gondorian reserve. He heard a few coughs and whispered comments from the men behind him. Faramir had gone up in their estimation, too. Lothíriel's lips twitched but, unlike his men, she politely ignored the pair and turned her attention to him. He wasn't going to object to that. "This is only a temporary arrangement, my Lord King. Lyftwynn is very much Arwen's horse and she visits the stables almost every day. I merely keep her happy until her mistress can ride again." As if to agree the mare tossed her graceful head, causing her rider to chuckle indulgently and lean forward to fondle velvet ears. That started his pulse racing. "I can see that Lyftwynn is in good hands, my lady. If I sounded bad-mannered just now, I hope you will forgive me." Éomer tried to remember the last time he had apologized for anything. A moment's thought reassured him it was a rare thing. But then he was not usually rude to beautiful women. Especially daughters of close friends. Reluctantly he drew his eyes away, returning his attention to his sister. "Put her down, Faramir," he drawled. "The men are hungry and the City awaits them." A few chuckles came from behind and Faramir released Éowyn, grinning up at him. "The City is waiting for them . The air of expectation is tangible. I have emptied the lock-ups in preparation." "Humph…! I do not believe the Rohirrim will cause you any trouble. We have brought wives with us. That will ensure the peace." Faramir did not look convinced, but said no more and lifted Éowyn back on her horse. Surprising Éomer, who had never known Éowyn to permit anyone to help her before. The two rode together which allowed him to ride next to Lady Lothíriel. A beautiful woman on a beautiful horse. He cast his eyes sideways, noting the slim suede-clad leg and dainty polished boot that peeked out from her riding habit. Neat gloved hands too, that fingered the reins lightly. But hardly unexpected, that any offspring of Imrahil's would be an expert rider. Lifting his gaze to her face, he encountered a cool assessing look from those grey orbs. But as their eyes lingered on one another, her luscious cherry-red lips parted into a smile, which sent a huge jolt across Éomer's chest. Béma, somehow he had to convince her he wasn't really an uncouth lout. "I didn't realize who you were, my lady. And when I saw you being so familiar with Faramir …well, I…." She broke into a low chuckle. Now her eyes sparkled! "You thought I was a scheming woman who had designs on your sister's betrothed?" Her eyebrows rose in question, but when he said nothing, only twisting his lips in reply, she carried on. "Then I