A Dream Come True. Cormallen – April 25 th 3019 The smell hit him first: that mixture of unwashed body, sex and cheap perfume. She materialised out of the darkness behind him, but the warning gave him chance to catch her wrist before she could wind her arm around his neck. He held on as she struggled to slip her hand into the open neck of his shirt, tight bracelets cutting into his fingers. "No! Thank you, but no." "But, my lord, think what pleasure I can give you." The words purred out, but the girl gave up trying to investigate his chest and instead moved her other hand from his shoulder to run it under his hair and up the back of his head, massaging her fingers into his scalp. Éomer dropped her wrist and stood up; the sudden movement causing the girl to lose her footing, but with quick reaction he reached out and steadied her. Already the ribald remarks had started from the men around him. Ignoring them, he studied her for a moment: black hair, kohl rimmed eyes; white powdered skin; red lips. But probably barely sixteen. "Send her over here, my lord, if you're not up to it." The words came from the group around the fire somewhere to his right. Éomer turned the girl in a half circle and clasped her behind, gently pushing her in the direction of the call. "Go on, you will find trade elsewhere." She went a few steps and stopped, looking back over her shoulder. Her red lips formed a pout and her eyes beckoned one more time. He shook his head. The girl shrugged, dismissing him. Éomer watched for a moment as one of his riders stood up, took her hand and led her out from the fire into the shadows. "Give me a drink, Éothain." Éomer said as he sat back down. Grinning, Éothain picked up Eomer's mug from the ground and passed it to the man in charge of the barrel. "Not in the mood, eh?" he asked, a smirk on his face. Éomer glanced over to the spot where rider and harlot had disappeared, "Not for that, I'm not." "I don't remember you being so fussy when we first got here." Éothain chuckled, and reached over to retrieve his friend's brimming mug from the keeper of the barrel. "When we first got here, Éothain, the lust of battle was on us all. And the ladies of pleasure looked fresh and new." "Fresh and new!" Éothain exclaimed, drawing some attention from those around them. "You were kidding yourself if you thought that." "Alright, you could pretend to yourself they were fresh." Éomer took the mug and went to put it to his lips, before pausing and letting a slow smile cross his face. "Now they stink," he said, downing a draught. "Well, give the word and we will get one washed up for you. You might as well get some benefit from your new rank." Éomer stared hard at his Captain, trying to contain his amusement. "You'll wash one, for me?" "As I said, say the word and I'll round a few up. You can choose the one you fancy and the men will take her down to the river. Get her scrubbed up — a few more mugs of this fine brew," Éothain raised his mug to his nose, sniffed and pulled a face, " and she will seem like a coy virgin." "Éothain, I am touched. It gladdens me to think that you take my welfare so much to heart. But …" he grinned. "I am not sure a virgin will do for what I have in mind. So I think I will wait until we get back to Minas Tirith." Éothain raised a brow, "All you will get there is a higher class of whore. More expensive, but no more skilled." "But clean." "Clean maybe," Éothain agreed, "but can you wait that long?" Éomer looked deep into his mug. "I can certainly wait if I drink any more of this stuff. What's in it?" Éothain glanced to the barrel, which was now being tipped up to drain the last dregs. "Don't ask. The Eastemnet men will drink anything. It comes from living on the plains all year. They traded for this with some rough looking characters who were manning one of the ships." His face brightened, "Do you want a refill? They are just about to tap another one." Éomer emptied the remaining contents of his mug down his throat and held it out: getting drunk was a sure-fire way of keeping any annoying bodily needs at bay. Idly he let his mind wander to their imminent return to Minas Tirith. Maybe there would be more on offer there than painted whores. Evidently the city was almost full: the women had returned and besides that, the forthcoming crowning had drawn musicians, players and dancers from the furthest realms of Gondor. According to the captain of Aragorn's new guard, the returning heroes would be able to take their pick of the unattached beauties that would be attracted to the new court. Was ps to a honey pot as he had put it. Éomer took another large gulp from his mug – he could wait. Two hours later, his head spinning and his voice starting to become hoarse from drink and singing, Éomer stood up. Right now he might just be able to make it back to his tent unaided, stay any longer and they would have to carry him. It registered somewhere in his befuddled brain that he retained enough sense to work that one out. Good, it would not do to be completely inebriated; he wasn't a Third Marshal any more, he was a king. Kings needed control over themselves. "I am going back, Éothain," he said, kicking his friend's foot. Éothain, who was leaning against a tree stump with his legs stretched out in front of him, opened one eye. "The barrel's not empty." "I know, but I want to go for a walk. My head feels like it's been in contact with Gimli's axe and I think I am supposed to be having a conference with Aragorn in the morning." "Will you be alright alone or do you want me to come?" Personally Éomer didn't think his captain looked to be able to stand on his own two feet, let alone protect him in any way. "I reckon I can make it safely through our own lines. Just make sure you are fit enough to escort me tomorrow. We need to get the guard out; I am not having those Gondorians thinking we are savages." "Have you ever known me to have so bad a hangover that I couldn't fulfil my obligations?" Éomer twisted his mouth into a grin. "That time Théodred took us to the tavern and you finished off a barrel of cider that no one else would touch. You fell off your horse and lay in a puddle begging to die." "I was eighteen," Éothain retorted. "And the cider was bad." "Obviously," Éomer replied. He burped loudly and rubbed his stomach. "Béma knows what was in that stuff." "Mûmak piss probably. It came from one of the Corsair ships. I didn't tell you before." Éomer groaned, rubbed his stomach again and looked around for the best way to retreat so as not to cause any fuss. He needn't have worried – most were in a worse state than Éothain. "Who did we leave on duty?" Éothain closed his eyes again, his brow furrowing with the effort of thought. "Halstrad," he said at last. "That's alright then, he's a safe pair of hands." Éothain nodded and Éomer turned to leave, throwing a parting shot over his shoulder, "Make sure you are back on duty by morning." Stepping over a few prone bodies he left the circle and slipped between two of the storage tents, heading towards the river and his own part of the encampment. Halfway there he changed his mind: a real walk would do him good and if he went back now he'd probably have to listen to a recount of the various misdemeanours that were bound to have been perpetrated during the evening. He managed to locate the track that passed through the lines of the Westfold men and led directly to the river, which showed he still retained some sense. All around him he could hear the sounds of ribald laugher and merrymaking. More sore heads in the morning. They had been here long enough. Home beckoned. But first he had to see Aragorn crowned and perhaps enjoy a few days of well-earned recreation in the city before the long trek northwest. His thoughts were interrupted by a high-pitched giggle coming from under the covering of nearby cart. Some grunting followed, and then the cart began to move in an unmistakable rhythm. Béma, he couldn't get away from it. That made him lurch on towards the river. The moon appeared from behind a cloud and a slight breeze blowing up the Anduin ruffled the water into little silver tipped wavelets. Éomer took a deep breath, the air was fresher here and he needed to clear his head. The bank of the river had been kept free of tents and only the guards patrolled. Tempting to see if he could get past his own men, but after he stumbled drunkenly over a tree root, some remaining wisdom prevailed and he made himself known before starting to follow the river downstream. Deep in thought, only when a challenge rang out did he realise that he had left his own lines and entered the area controlled by Dol Amroth. Drawing himself to his full height Éomer tried to give the impression that everything remained normal inside his head. Luckily Théodred had ensured that he had received a good basic education. The man came forward suspiciously but the ploy must have worked, or maybe it was because the guard did not know him well that he seemed to see nothing amiss. "Oh, it's you, my lord. I recognise you now. Do you want the Prince?" Éomer shook his head, "Just walking off too much ale. Shall I turn back?" "I have orders not to let anyone but our own through tonight, my lord. But I am sure that does not apply to you." "I'll walk a bit farther, but it sounds as if a celebration is going on so I will keep to the river bank." Strains of some unusual music wafted over from the centre of the circle of tents and every now and then he heard sounds of laughter and the odd cheer. "Yes," the guard grimaced, "and I am stuck here." Éomer laughed and staggered on, keeping well away from the backs of the nearest tents. He didn't want to interfere with whatever festivity Imrahil had arranged for his people. A little way further and he came to a place obviously used to store supplies: packing crates were piled up and covered with tarpaulins. Intending to turn around and retrace his steps he caught sight of movement behind a pile of wooden boxes – someone was probably searching for provisions. But whoever it was made barely a sound. Intrigued, and wondering if he might be about to startle a thief, Éomer crept to where he could look through a gap in the wall of crates and nearly called out in surprise. He could see a woman moving a few bags of goods to clear a space in the middle of the storage area. Almost immediately Éomer felt his groin tighten. He stared mouth open – or perhaps that should be tongue hanging out, he acknowledged, as he unashamedly studied her. She wore some totally unfamiliar clothing, which in the bright moonlight looked like being made of layers of an almost transparent material. The colour he couldn't discern, but the top had no sleeves and numerous silvery