This story follows on from Tide of Destiny Part 1 -Choices. But it will stand alone if you don't mind missing a few references and can't face reading the thirty-four chapters of that story! LBJ Drummer - Tide of Destiny Part 2 Dol Amroth, 24th February 3021 The Wedding of Éomer of Rohan to Lothíriel of Dol Amroth He had no right to sink into gloom, not at his sister's wedding. Amroth knew he should be pleased for her. He was really, wishing her all the happiness in Middle-earth. And he could not fault her choice… but still… he let out a deep soul-searching sigh and took another gulp of wine, grimacing. The stuff never agreed with him, but he did not know if it was the wine that was making him maudlin or the fact that he was losing his closest sibling. And it was no use to say that Éomer must have felt the same when Éowyn wed, because at least he had met Lothíriel at that very time. Amroth did not have that luxury. Every eligible female in the kingdom must be here, and he had not come across a single one he would wish to wake up beside for more than three mornings in a row. Most he would not even wish to take as far as the bedroom door. Why did virgins simper and giggle, he idly wondered. Did a maidenhead have a physical connection to the throat? Irritably, he pushed his goblet away. If he was thinking like this he really must stop drinking the stuff. Anyway, virgins were out. The thought of becoming entangled with some proud lord's maiden daughter and not being able to extricate himself was not a pleasing one. Far better to stick to widows. Yet he knew that somewhere there his problem lay, because this past year even the prettiest of those had not held the same attraction as before. Not that he had spent the previous twelve months always alone, but in his heart he recognised that there might be something missing. He thought he knew what, but was just not yet quite able to admit it. Amroth looked over to his sister – she was gazing into her Éomer's eyes. He looked as though he wanted to eat her, and she about to hand him the knife and fork. It was the day of that ill fated picnic that had started this deep discontentment, when she had fallen asleep. He had seen her sway in her saddle, but of course Éomer got there first. Amroth knew without a doubt that as far as Lothíriel was concerned, he always would. She had put her arms right around him, laid her head against his chest and gone to sleep. What had Éomer done? He had tied up Firefoot's reins, spoken to the horse quietly to control him by voice, put one arm around the sleeping girl to hold her and with his other gauntleted hand had very gently pushed her hair away from her eyes and mouth. It was the look on his face that had started all this. Éomer had looked down at her as if she was the most precious treasure that he could ever have found, and of course she was. His reverie ended suddenly as his attention was snatched by the sight of Alphros's cheeky face peeking out from behind a pillar. What was he up to? Fascinated, Amroth watched his nephew sneak up behind Gimli. He quickly smothered a laugh when he realised Alphros's intent and caught Legolas's eye. The elf had spotted the young miscreant too. Lifting a long-fingered hand he grinned behind it. Luckily Gimli still munched on a mutton bone, completely oblivious to his long plaits being tied to the chair he was sitting on. Alphros had chosen his time well. He had just stepped back – a smirk from ear to ear as he inspected his handiwork – when Aragorn rose to propose the toast. Gimli tried to stand up, but the heavy chair hung on to him obstinately. Amroth doubled up. The look of surprise and panic on Gimli's face – plus everyone around trying not to laugh and failing dismally – had him gulping air. During the uproar Elphir marched up, grabbed his son by the collar, and with a few words of apology to the dwarf, dragged him out. Poor Meren, she was the only one Amroth felt sorry for. With her pretty face bright pink, she shook her head in disbelief. What would the little terror get up to next? Order restored, Legolas having untangled his hairy friend, Aragorn carried on with his speech. With nothing else to claim his attention, Amroth sank lower in his chair. After they had said goodbye to the happy couple, it would likely be another irksome evening. He would have to try and get away to the port with Erchi. Feeling like he did, there was no way he would be spending the whole evening dancing with an assortment of noblemen's dreary daughters. His mind returned to Éomer, and the total fulfilment he showed at having found Lothíriel. Amroth pondered his thoughts, wondering if he was ready to admit the truth to himself. A bold step, from which there might be no going back, but his father had always told him that it was far better to face things full on. All right then, he let another breath sigh out, still not sure if he was prepared to accept the consequences of his deliberations – but he wanted to feel that way about a woman! Well, it was said. It must be the wine. But wanting and happening were two very different things. He was twenty-six and so far had not come across any female who had held his interest for more than a few weeks. He had certainly never felt anything that he thought resembled love and now wondered if there was something wrong with him. Perhaps when women came so easily they lost their appeal? But the other strange thing was that he had always thought that he would have children; he liked children. Well, most of them anyway. He laughed to himself thinking of Alphros. But the thought of teaching them to ride, swim and sail a boat appealed to him. He could not have children without a wife and since most of the likely candidates were in this hall, his chances of finding one were diminishing fast. Now a year ago the thought of a wife had not entered his head. Was he getting old? No, it was definitely the fault of those two over there. The tangible joy between them was causing him serious disquiet. His musings came to a halt when he realised that Aragorn had finished. But immediately his father stood up. The Lord of Dol Amroth however seemed disinclined to prolong everyone's agony and kept his speech short and to the point – he couldn't be giving his daughter to a better man. At last, they must be nearing the end because the puddings were being brought in. Passing on the sweet stuff himself, Amroth became entranced by the love play going on between his sister and her new husband as they fed each other golden jelly. Éomer looked as if he couldn't wait another moment. If there were any more speeches he would probably just pick Lothíriel up and carry her out. Not wanting to intrude anymore, even from a distance, on the intimacy between the bridal couple, Amroth cast his eyes around the hall. His gaze stopped as he noticed someone different. Last night he had definitely not come across any girl with bright chestnut hair. At least he assumed that she was a girl and not a married lady. She sat next to a portly man, but somehow he felt that she was not a wife. Chestnut hair? He knew that he had heard it mentioned before, but when or where he had no idea. That was it! The damn wine! If it made him lose his memory he would not be drinking any more. No chance of ale, far too common for this gathering. Amroth beckoned to a server. "What did you give young Alphros to drink?" "He had lemonade, my lord." Amroth nodded. That would do. "Please would you fetch me a jug?" The well trained face couldn't hide astonishment. "Lemonade! My lord?" Enjoying the reaction, Amroth kept his own expression bland. "If you would be so good." The server bowed. "Certainly, my lord." That organised, he looked back towards the girl and had the distinct impression that she had been looking in his direction and had just turned away. Still, that was not surprising, most here had never seen an Elf or a Dwarf before, and they had probably drawn her interest. He waited for a glimpse of her face, but no luck, she didn't turn again. Shrugging, he dismissed her. The hair looked beautiful, but she probably had buckteeth and giggled. Damn, now Mithrandir had got up to say something. At this rate there would be no chance of slipping down to the tavern. He risked a glance towards Éomer, but he must have accepted the inevitable, having put his arm around Lothíriel and closed his eyes. The old wizard rambled on in his usual way, thinking that all were party to his own considerable knowledge and causing quite a sea of bewildered faces. The future of Middle-earth was hardly on everyone's mind at that moment. More like drinking, dancing and what generally followed. --- The procession disappeared out through the gates. Amroth chuckled to himself: Éomer could probably not believe his luck – Shadowfax and Lothíriel all in one night! But then the poor man had waited long enough, considering he had wanted her right from the beginning. No surprise there, Lothíriel was definitely a beauty. But the way Éomer had grabbed her and sat her on his horse before anyone could object, they had all found that funny. And what about when he had come across them in the stables? He had not heard what they had been saying, but they had been looking deep into each other's eyes. The very air had seemed to be crackling; he would not have been surprised if a bolt of lightening had suddenly struck them both. Well, they were very lucky to have found one another, but he couldn't imagine the same thing happening to him. With a last look – they were completely out of sight now – Amroth headed back into the hall. The tables had been moved aside and some couples were already dancing. The best thing to do, he reasoned, would be to make a deal with Erchi. They could dance with a few each and by then their father would hopefully be in his cups and not notice them disappear. It was no good asking Oríon to come to the tavern as he already had his arms around the same girl he had danced with the night before. By now she would probably have an extensive knowledge of the mathematical ratio between the ballast and sail area of their latest ship! Grinning, Amroth looked around for his brother. That was when he saw her. There was no mistaking the chestnut hair. The girl had her back resting against a pillar and was watching the dancing, her foot tapping in time to the music. He stared for a moment. He might not be fey like his sister but the elven blood made him perceptive. It was not that she looked lost, or indeed lonely. She looked totally alone. Intrigued, he made his way towards her, skirting around the back of the pillars to avoid anyone else. At least the fact that his father was the host meant that he did not have to wait to be introduced. She was not aware of him approaching and only turned when he got quite near.