Was it a love match? Was it arranged? We shall never know but it issuch fun imagining. This is the first of two, three or more pieces of nonsense that will offer different scenarios. It is written just for fun, not much is mine. Many thanks to Eirwen for ironing out my mistakes. LB Afternoon 19 July 3019 The stone was hot; Éomer, gazing out over the plain, withdrew his hand quickly and stood back from the wall. It was just over two months since he had stood in this spot, so much had happened but it seemed like yesterday. Would he ever get used to it? It was not the responsibility that bothered him or the decision-making; it was the all-pervading intrusion into his private life that he found so difficult. He had never fully realised the difference between being a King and a mere Marshall, the nephew of a King. It was vast. In spite of the sultry steamy July weather he had needed to issue a direct order to his valet before he was allowed to come out in just a shirt and breeches. They had hot days in Rohan, but never like this. Oh, for a breeze from the sea. He laughed to himself: one could not be lucky twice. At least it kept the women away. The ladies of the City were far too worried about their complexions to risk being outdoors mid afternoon on a day like this. He sighed. He never thought that he would ever find women irksome but he had to admit his advisors had been right. He was a definite target. With so much to do after the war the last thing he was thinking of was producing an heir for the Mark. Surprisingly the subject had taken up more time than anything else at the frequent council meetings at home. He was not sure if they were more worried about him not producing one, or that he would be inveigled into an unsuitable liason that would cause problems for the succession. He had been extremely curt when they had tried to probe: he was not discussing his bedroom arrangements with anyone. Keeping anything private, living in Meduseld, was difficult enough. In the end he had admitted, 'No, there was not actually any lady whom he had even considered for Queen'. A grave mistake, for that was when they pounced, 'Ah, my Lord, then have you considered an alliance with Gondor?' He had never given it the slightest thought, leave alone considered it and after last night he was extremely unlikely to do so. He was normally quite fond of bosoms, but to have them so blatantly shoved in his face, one after the other, he somehow found slightly off putting. As for that powdered white skin, it was darned unhealthy looking when you got close. He had only just arrived from Edoras and could really have done with a catch up talk with Aragorn without all that dancing. There had not been a lot of choice though. He just wished Éowyn were here as she would have sorted them. It was probably those painted nails clasping his arm that really put him off: they reminded him of talons holding on to him. In the end he decided to have some fun and had just mentioned 'horse' to each and every one. He thought that there might be one who did not wrinkle her nose, but very delicately of course, wrinkle it they all did. He would have to go home and report that an alliance with Gondor was definitely out (not that it was ever in). He had tried his best but he would have to look at home. Another problem there they said, 'Take a wife from the Eastfold, my Lord? Perhaps, my Lord as not to show favouritism you should look in the Westmeet.' Why look at all? Why indeed. He had managed quite well up to now; surely he did not need to produce an heir when the last King was not even buried? Well, he had given that subject enough thought, however if Arwen had a sister it might have helped. One a bit more earthy perhaps, he laughed. At least with all this stone as much as it was hot out here, it was cool inside. Firefoot should be reasonably comfortable as even the stables were made from thick blocks, but it was a good excuse to go and see. He had time before the evening meal and the next onslaught. Perhaps the best plan would be not to bathe, just smell of horse. That would certainly keep them away, he grinned to himself. He was expecting the stables to be peaceful and quiet. He was not expecting to hear raised voices and certainly not a woman's voice. Surely they did not bring any with them from Rohan? No, of course they did not, whatever was he thinking? It must be the heat. Anyway it was an unusual accent although he was sure that he had heard it before, although slightly different. He crept in and hid behind a pillar. She was standing with her back to him. He could see long black hair tied up in a knot. The knot was coming loose. Unconsciously he felt his fingers twitch. Her hair looked heavy, silky and soft, the knot would need just a little tweak for it to come tumbling down. The stable lad had his back to a stall. His arms were outstretched forbidding her entrance and his face was bright red. Éomer listened with interest. "Whatever you say, my Lady, I just cannot let you in there it would be more than my life is worth." "I am telling you that there is something wrong with that horse and I think I know what it is." "My Lady, he was perfectly alright this morning when Lord Éothain rode him." "He is defiantly not alright now and Lord Éothain, whoever he is, will not be riding him tomorrow morning. Oh well," she sighed exasperated, realising that the lad was not to be shifted, "then please just send someone to fetch him." "I told you, my Lady, there is no one here but me. The stable master has gone to early supper and I am not allowed to leave." Éomer stepped from behind the pillar. The stable lad saw him but before he could react Éomer put his finger to his lips in a gesture of silence. "Perhaps I could help?" he enquired politely. Two things happened. Firefoot whickered softly and she spun around. She was quite a sight, he thought. Golden skin and long black lashes but he couldn't quiet make out the colour of her eyes. Green/grey he felt, he definitely needed a closer look. Her lips were deep pink and her face was slightly flushed, probably from the argument. Surely she could not have been riding in this heat? She was dressed for it though; leather tunic, hose, boots and a blouse with the laces loose and unfastened. No wonder the stable lad was looking red. He found himself wondering if the tan went all the way…his thought was interrupted. "Are you Lord Éothain?" she asked sharply "No, I am not." He could tell she was assessing him and he saw what he hoped was a spark of interest in her eyes. "Then I do not suppose that you can. I understand that none but he is allowed near his horse." "I am a close friend, my Lady. He will allow me." She turned and looked enquiringly at the stable lad who nodded acquiescence. He then bowed and gratefully departed at a gesture from his King. "What is the problem with Helm?" "Is that his name? It suits him. Come and look." He stood next to her as she leaned on the wooden door. She was not quite so tall as Éowyn, although above average, he thought. His superior height gave him a good view of her cleavage but she would need to lean forward for him to see right the way down. He smiled at the possibility and tried to concentrate on the horse. "You see, he is rubbing the front of one leg with the other." "Hmm," he mused, "he was fine when we went out this morning." "Did you go along by the river?" "Yes, for quite a way." "It is almost certainly as I thought. There is a plant with wicked seeds that burrow into the skin. You probably do not have them in Rohan, as it is too cold. If it is not removed soon it will fester and he will rub it raw. There is a knack to getting them out. I could show you." "Thank you, I think you had better." Éomer opened the gate and she followed him into the stall. He watched as she introduced herself to the big stallion and then very gently ran her hand down his leg. He twitched a bit, but then stood still. She squatted down, "Look, here it is." Éomer was definitely looking. Maybe all those bosoms last night had affected him more than he thought. He was determined to see if that lovely golden tan went all the way down to her…yes it did! "Do you see?" He dragged his eyes away. She was looking at him strangely. It was hardly surprising really. He was grateful his shirt was long and loose as the consequence of him glimpsing those dusky pink nipples, was fast becoming evident. He did not usually behave like this and found himself wondering if perhaps he should have availed himself of what was on offer the previous evening. Perhaps it was the heat. He fixed his eyes on Helm's leg. "Oh yes, that purple thing." "You have to pull it out the same way as it went in or it will break and cause intense irritation. Watch." He watched as she grasped the seed and twisted it gently. "There we are, we caught it in time." "Will he be all right now?" "Yes, a little salve will help." "I will see to it, I shall tell Éothain. Thank you." Éomer closed the gate behind them. "Have you been riding, I would have thought that it was too hot?" he enquired. The knot was slipping more now, requiring just the slightest tweak. He put his hands resolutely behind his back. Whatever was the matter with him? "My horse was born to this heat, but I just walked her to the river for a paddle. We have been shut up on a ship for three days and we both needed to get out." "I thought I did not see you last night. Why?" It came out more forcibly than he had intended. "Surely that is obvious. I was not here. I did not arrive until midday." "That I gathered, but I would have expected that you should have." He said with a smile. "Why should you have expected that?" she looked directly at him with rather an amused look on her face. "Powers of deduction," he grinned. "It was an important banquet, you are a high Lady," he laughed at her questioning expression. "That is your horse is it not? It must be. It was not here this morning and it is more than a palfrey but not a warhorse. Somebody, daddy probably, does not stint on the horseflesh. This stable is reserved for royalty and high lords of Gondor and Rohan, your horse is here, so therefore I assume that you should have been there last night." He looked pleased with himself. She smiled, "You are correct." "Then why were you absent?" "The ship missed a tide or two." "Oh, I am sorry," he saw something in her expression. Were her eyes green, grey or blue? "You are not?" She shrugged. "Why did you not want to be there?" he asked rather surprised. "I cannot tell you." "Oh, and why not?" She