Dol Amroth 3019. The odd request from her cousin Faramir had played on her mind all day, but she was no nearer to coming to any conclusion as to whether she would be of use in her present depressed state. Trying to get her thoughts in order – they had been totally skewed with all the upset of the war – Lothíriel clasped her hands around her knees and stared out to sea. The daily fight between the black-backed gulls and the terns grabbed her attention, anything to put off the decision she needed to make soon. The small terns were trying desperately to avoid the attacking gulls and get back to their nests with their prey intact. One victim headed straight towards her, but again and again a gull dived from above, harassing the sleek little bird which jinked and twisted desperately to get away. But the next time the big gull attacked, the tern gave in, opening its bill and dropping the fish that would have fed its chicks. The gull snatched it before it hit the sand and wheeled away triumphantly, leaving the impoverished tern to head back out over the waves. Lothíriel sighed; the brutal encounters above her were so much like the recent terrible battles of the Ring-war: where the West had fought against such overwhelming odds. But against all hope they had triumphed, and so would the terns in the end. Some chicks would die, but the little birds would bravely keep on and on, ensuring a new generation would skim elegantly across the endless seas in the coming years. A bit happier now that she had rationalized the struggle between life and death going on in front of her eyes, Lothíriel's thoughts went back to her cousin's letter: it was such a strange appeal. Why would the Lady Éowyn, heroine, slayer of the Witch King, need a Gondorian princess to steer her through the complexities of dealing with the returning court? Surely such a brave lady would scythe her way through any pretensions with a swipe of her sharp sword. Another tern dropped its fish, but she didn't want to watch anymore and thumped down onto her back, digging her hand into the warm sand. She had always loved trickling it through her fingers, picking out the different pieces of shells and quartz that blended together to form the sparkling white beach. The wide sickle of sand that swept below the cliffs of Dol Amroth always drew her, whether for fun or contemplation, and this was a favoured spot, especially today when she felt like being alone. The dunes hid her from all but the birds and the odd butterfly feasting on the purple-flowered orchids. Not being watched was a luxury she could rarely indulge in. Even the fishermen couldn't see her. They were spread out along the edge of the water preparing to cast their nets into the shallows, taking advantage of the bounty of fish coming in with the tide. Good fishing meant full bellies, enough salted fish for the people of the port as well as Gondor's victorious armies. Dol Amroth was eager to make its contribution to those that had saved them from the Dark Lord's loathsome hordes. She ought to go and help, and didn't really mind rolling bandages for the Healing Houses or packing up spare garments. So many had had their clothes cut from their bloodied bodies or ridden to the relief of the White City with nothing but what they wore on their backs. If only everyone would stop looking at her so sympathetically. She needed to be left alone to grieve in her own way. After all, just because she was the Lord's daughter didn't make her anguish any more than that of the common people. So many had lost husbands and sons, how terrible was that? But nobody was tiptoeing around them. With another sigh, Lothíriel levered herself off the sand and got to her feet, brushing off the grains that had stuck to her dress. She'd enjoyed a few free hours and it wasn't fair to let her mother to do all the work, especially as Mildis would be busy with young Alphros. He had got even more mischievous since his father and grandfather had ridden to war. But eventually they would be back, so would Erchirion and Amrothos. It was Berenor who wasn't coming home: chopped into pieces on the Pelennor, the parts they could find buried under a mound with a hundred others. Horrible. That was why nobody knew what to say to her. They probably didn't know what to call her either – if she'd lost a husband she'd be a widow, but what name did you give to someone who'd lost their betrothed? No special name. She was still Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, Prince Imrahil's daughter. So much, yet so little, had changed. The road up to the castle was teeming with carts making their way back and forth to the port, so she decided to take the narrow path that weaved up the cliffs. Such a pretty way to go, especially in the spring, and Lothíriel bent down, unable to resist a closer look at a bright blue sheep's-bit growing in a crevice. Standing up again she scanned the slopes, confirming to herself that her favorite sea-thrift was on the verge of flowering. The little plant grew in big drifts across the salt-lashed rocks; soon the cliffs would be clothed in vibrant pink, always a wonderful sight. The steep climb made her puff slightly, but when she reached the gate she acknowledged the salute of the guards with a wave and increased her pace, hurrying up the long paved street that led to the keep. Lothíriel knew her mother would be in the hall, the heart of the castle where the household feasted and celebrated. But it was difficult to forget it had been more usual these past few years for the Great Hall to house refugees driven from their homes by the frequent corsair raids, or act as an extra ward when the wounded overflowed from the Healing House. Today, she knew, all the goods to be packed had been laid out on long tables; soon though, as spring had returned to the cliffs, the household would be able to sit in peace and companionship, her family all together at last. Deciding not to stop and change, Lothíriel went straight to the hall, immediately picking out her mother's upright, elegant figure amongst a group of ladies who were folding tunics and hose donated by farmers, farriers, fishermen and lords. All so thankful that Rohan had come to their aid they wanted to show their gratitude in any way they could. Surely she should be able to push her own worries aside and be happy to go to the White City and support the Lady Éowyn. Hearing footsteps her mother looked up, pushing back some strands of her glossy black hair that had escaped from the knot at the back of her head. She smiled when she saw it was her daughter approaching. The other ladies smiled too, that slightly embarrassed, concerned smile that she had come to hate, and the lift Lothíriel had felt at the sight of the flowers evaporated like salt-spray on a sun drenched rock. 'I am sorry, Mother.' Lothíriel kissed her smooth cheek. 'I needed to get away for a while.' 'Nonsense,' her mother answered in her kind way. 'I have lots of help and you have worked hard organizing food to go to the city. Everyone understands that you might want a little quiet time on your own.' Lothíriel swallowed down a sob and dropped her eyes, quickly picking up a garment and folding it to fit inside the bags they were packing. Her mother's gaze stayed on her, and she blinked rapidly, determined not to let a tear fall. But a soft hand, slim and manicured, landed on her arm. 'Lothíriel, I could do with some refreshment, and if you have been on the beach I am sure you would welcome a cool drink too.' Her mother kept hold of her arm, nodding her head to the other ladies. 'Perhaps you could carry on without me for a while.' 'Of course, Lady Arneth,' they murmured, dipping their heads politely as her mother ushered her away. 'Some orange juice would be nice, or would you like pomegranate, my love?' Her mother beckoned to a servant. 'Orange will be fine, Mother, thank you.' Lothíriel followed her into the solar and went straight to the window, staring out at the sea. Clouds were forming on the horizon; it looked like rain coming in, but hopefully the winds would stay light or those travelling to and from the Harlond would have an unpleasant journey. She heard the door open and close, the sound of liquid being poured and then her mother's soft voice interrupted irrelevant thoughts. 'Drink this, my dear, and let us have a little talk.' Obediently Lothíriel put the cup to her lips; the juice was sweet and cool, stored in the caves beneath the castle. Her mother sipped hers and then sat down on the padded couch, patting the empty space beside her. For a moment Lothíriel looked down into her mother's wise grey eyes that surveyed her with compassion and understanding. Then she fell on to the couch with a little cry of anguish, to be gathered up into comforting arms. Gratefully Lothíriel buried her head into the soft linen of her mother's day dress. The smell of jasmine lingered, overpowering the musty smell of the garments they had been sorting for days. 'Now, my little one,' her mother murmured close to her ear, 'tell me what is really bothering you, for I know it is not just grief.' Lothíriel could hold back no longer. 'I feel so guilty, Mother,' she whispered, fearful of the consequences of what she was about to say. 'Everyone is sorry for me and thinking that I am broken-hearted, but although I am sorry Berenor died, and so sad for his parents...I can only feel...relief.' There, she had said it...but instead of the expected gasp of shock, her mother held her tighter. 'I thought that was it, Lothíriel. I have suspected for a long time that your love had waned.' 'I don't think there ever was real love, Mother.' Lothíriel gulped, wiping a hand across her eyes. Already she felt better for confessing. Her mother frowned. 'Then why did you not tell your father that when he arranged the match.' Youthful folly! And because duty and the demands of her position had been drummed into her since birth. But she must have been mad to consent to her father's suggestion. 'I suppose I was infatuated because a handsome, well thought of man took an interest in me. And Father was so pleased.' 'Yes, because he thought he had found someone appropriate you would be happy with. But I suppose we should have waited, you were so young when Berenor offered for you. Be assured, my dear, that although your choices have always been limited, your father would not pledge you to someone he thought you would dislike.' 'I don't...didn't dislike Berenor, it's just that lately I realised how utterly boring and pernickety he'd become. In a few years he would have grown to be just like his father: fussy and dreary. I don't think I could have stood that for the rest of my life.' Her mother let out a sigh, her hand smoothing across Lothíriel's hair. 'I understand you perfectly, my love. But the trouble is that eventually, once all the grieving and the celebrating is over, your father will look around for someone else. He will not force you, Lothíriel, but he will expect you to agree to sensible suggestions. If you want a real choice of husband, you will have to find someone suitable you want to marry and hope he will