Justhow did Éomer and Lothíriel get together? This is my sixth go at it and every time I think it's the last but as I get to the end of one story, another idea pops up. Éomer is Éomer as always, but not knowing anything about Lothíriel allows us authors to unleash the imagination. My thanks to my beta, Eirwen, as always and to Tolkien for the inspiration. LBJ Bound by Duty I slept and dreamt that life was beauty: I woke and found that life was duty: Was then the dream a shadowy lie? Toil on, sad heart, courageously, And thou shalt find thy dream to be A noonday light and truth to thee. Ellen S. Cooper Chapter 1 - An unwarranted proposal. Edoras August 3021 I sniffed and swallowed but it was no good: the tears would not stop. It must be the highly emotional state I was in. It was no excuse, I told myself angrily as I at last located the linen handkerchief I had stuffed under the pillow sometime in the night. I blew my nose thoroughly, determined to cease this nonsense. The first rays of dawn were slanting through the window and most likely my husband, always an early riser, would soon be hasteninginto our bedchamber to greet me. A little thing like too much ale and wine the night before would not prevent him waking at this early hour, especially as he had presumably spent the night uncomfortably on the cot in his study. I wiped my eyes again. I did not want to cry in front of him. It would be the third time since I had come here, the third time I had lost control. Sniffing once more, I turned round and grabbed the pillow. I was hot, and the pillow uncomfortably warm, so I reached over and pulled one of my husbands's towards me and quickly swapped them over. His was blessedly cool and I sank back onto it gratefully, dabbing at my eyes. At least the tears had stopped and I tried to relax, to take advantage of this short time of peace before demands would be made upon me again. It was getting much lighter and still he had not come, so I closed my eyes for a moment, allowing myself to fall into that state between sleep and wakefulness when thought, dreams and reality are intermingled. I let my mind wander back to the time before I came here, to that day when I discovered that all the plans I had made for myself were of no account and that all that mattered was service and duty. Even now I wondered how I could have been so naïve. My only excuse was that I was so full of my own ideas that I never wasted a thought on the possibility that others might be designing a different future for me…. Minas Tirith - March 3020 I had needed a handkerchief that morning too. Not because I was crying, that happened only occasionally when something reminded me of my mother, but because I had a slight fever. It was the sort of ill that produces a tickly throat and a mild headache, not to mention the annoying necessity of having to blow one's nose far too frequently. It had caused me to leave the feast hall rather early the night before and the difficulty in breathing easily through my stuffy nose had encouraged me to seek fresh air just after dawn instead of lying in bed, either asleep or with a book. I wanted to get out before my maid arrived with my early morning tea: she was of the school who thought fresh air was dangerous most of the time and downright deadly if one was suffering from the slightest malady. Deciding on a quick walk around the wall, before perhaps, seeking out a tisane of willow bark, honey and lemon, I washed my face and hands, secured my hair in a simple crespinette and dressed hurriedly in a gown of blue grosgrain, putting a shawl of silver grey wool around my shoulders as a precaution against the dawn chill. It was one of those mornings when the air was completely still. I remember that particularly. I exited the royal palace by way of a side door, the guard coming quickly to attention and saluting. The noise of his boots on the stone rang out sharply, upsetting the silence. I headed straight to the wall, wanting to watch the sun come up over the mountains of Ephel Dúath: it would never fail to be a welcome sight to those of us who had lived through such dark times. But I remember feeling that morning how good it was that those days were behind us, with the festivities we had enjoyed over the previous forty eight hours finally convincing our people that they were truly over. The celebration of my cousin Faramir's marriage to Éowyn of Rohan had been a magnificent affair. I had not been in attendance at King Elessar's wedding, but however lovely it was, now, almost a year latter, it must be easier for the citizens to join in totally, as time had partly healed the grief that still abounded in the city back then. Also Faramir had always been loved by the common people and everyone shared his radiant happiness. I was looking forward to getting to know Éowyn and hoped to stay in Emyn Arnen once they emerged from their few weeks of blissful seclusion and were pleased to receive visitors. The sky in the east was slowly turning to pale gold and the first rays hit against the walls of the White City. Down on the Pelennor, however, all was still in shadow. I could just make out the dark outlines of the Rohirric encampment way below me. The city was full with visitors from the outlying parts of Gondor so room could not be found for all the Rohirrim who had chosen to attend the wedding. I secretly wondered if all had come to pay their respects to the Lady Éowyn – the arrival of the tall blond riders had caused a tangible rustle of excitement amongst many of the women of the city – ladies and commoners alike. I paused for a moment before carrying on around the pathway that hugged the wall. The night before, when I had taken the air rather that retiring to my bed straight away, the Pelennor had been lit by many fires and the sounds of festivities and merrymaking had wafted their way up from the lower levels, but this morning all was quiet. I continued my walk, deciding to complete the circuit back to my chamber. There was no one around except the guards as I crossed the open area past the entrance to the tunnel. But then I came close to the wall again and almost immediately I was aware of voices. Brazenly they penetrated the tranquillity. I was above the stables and the words easily carried up to me in the still air, not well enough to distinguish all that was being said but perfectly clear enough to recognise my father's cultured tones. Intrigued, as to what the Lord of Dol Amroth was doing in the stables at such an early hour, I moved to one of the embrasures to get a better view. Ah… the royal guard of Rohan was lined up, waiting, I presumed, for their king. I could not see King Éomer, but that would explain my father's presence: he would not let his friend and valued comrade leave without a farewell. Why though, the Rohan king wanted to undertake a nigh on four hundred mile journey after being here only three days was a mystery to me, although I remember my father remarking that his was to be a very brief visit and that he would be leaving well in advance of the rest of the Rohirrim. There was a slight stiffening in the posture of the guards and their sovereign came into view, he was leading a large gray horse and, not only my father accompanied him to the front of the line, but my own liege as well. That was not really surprising as the three men had spent, except for the actual wedding, most of the past few days together. I studied King Éomer, or perhaps it should be Éomer King, but that title did not trip easily off the tongue of a Gondorian. He was certainly a striking man: tall, well formed and with the most piercing blue eyes I had ever encountered. He would not need to wear a crown: the mass of gold hair and dignified manner with which he comported himself, compensated more than adequately. I had only had the slightest of conversations with him and the obligatory dance the last two evenings, but I thought him rather terse and grim. True, his eyes had softened and a smile had lit his stern face when he had stood up to offer his sister to my cousin and I had heard him chuckle a few times when we were at dinner, but that was a result of his conversation with King Elessar and I was not party to it. I had been uncomfortably aware of those piercing eyes and that shrewd gaze when I had made my excuses to retire early from the feast the previous evening. It had been obvious that I had interrupted some intimate conversation between the two kings and my father but as the three of them had been closeted together in a corner for most of the evening, I had no choice. I am not fanciful, but I was sure that those eyes had followed me as I left the hall after making my curtseys. I put the thought away and watched as first my father, and then King Elessar, embraced their Rohirric friend. There were a few final words before he leapt on his horse with a lightness that belied his size. The riders moved off as one with the raise of his hand. I stayed where I was, intending to watch them pass beneath me. They were a handsome sight: the wonderful horses, the blond braids of the men contrasting well with their dark green richly embroidered cloaks and the metal adornments picking up the pale light of the morning sun. I know I did not move but suddenly and somewhat vexingly, as if some hint of unseen danger had entered his consciousness, the king of Rohan looked up just as he came level with my position. His penetrating stare brought a slight heat to my cheeks even though he was at a distance. It was possible he did not recognise me, of course, but, whether he did or not, he bowed his head slightly in acknowledgement. I did the same: a curtsey would have been wasted with the wall in the way. My father did not seem to notice but my own king glanced in my direction just before I stepped back out of sight of those below. Not particularly wanting to meet my liege and my father this early I headed back to the palace by the quickest route and entering, as I had left, by the side door which brought me almost directly outside my own chamber. My maid was there of course, fussing because I had gone out without a cloak. But at least she had brought a tisane and it was being kept hot on the small oil burner that was used to make tea and warm food. "I thought you had more sense, my lady, than to go out in that cold air when you're going down with something nasty. You'll end up with a proper fever, mark my words." "I am sure I won't, Moreth. I will drink the remedy and I am certain that by tomorrow I will be up to fettle. I am never ill