' In the last year of the Third Age, Éomer, King of Rohan,Lord of the Mark wed Lothíriel of Dol Amroth, Princess of the Realm of Gondor.' That is all Tolkien tells us. Much has been written about their possible romance. Was it love? Was it a purely political alliance? This is the fourth in a short series that looks at different scenarios. This little vignette is written just for enjoyment. The characters are Tolkien's, the imagination is mine. Authors note: With apologies to Tolkien for this one and please don't chastise me for demeaning my own sex – it is just a bit of fun. LBJ Counting the Days The scene that greeted him when he pushed the tent flap aside was one he had witnessed a hundred times. The camp was the same: the lines of picketed horses, the camp fire with the cooking pot held above by a tripod, the smell of gently frying bacon coming from the pan resting on the stones at the edge of the flames. The men were all busy with their morning chores. It was the place that was different. It was certainly the first time they had camped on these southern slopes of the White Mountains. And because the place was different so was the scenery. At least it would be, if he could see much of it. He nodded to his men who looked up to greet him but he did not speak, not feeling like passing pleasantries even with his most trusted and treasured companions. Éomer walked over to the edge of the plateau on which they were camped, the land fell away beneath him into an empty nothingness. He wondered if he would be able to see the sea: probably not, even without the mist. It was leagues away. The mist covered the land below like a soft grey blanket unravelling at the edges with the threads winding their way up the sides of the narrow valleys and curling into the crevices. It would all burn off later. It was still early, early in the year as well as early in the morning. He looked down at his feet, knowing he was putting off the inevitable. Already he was an hour later than he had intended. There was a stunted bush just to the right of his booted foot; its small buds were showing a first glimpse of green. New life, new season, things changing. He sighed: he was not sure he wanted that kind of change, not yet, not ever. Éomer turned on his heel and stalked back towards the campfire, when there was something to face then you faced it, especially if you had already agreed to it. He sat down on a convenient rock near to the fire and someone passed him a bowl of oatmeal. They knew him well enough to realise that he did not wish to talk. Éothain looked at him speculatively from the other side of the fire but even he left him alone with his thoughts. The porridge was already beginning to congeal in the dish before he even touched it with the spoon. When he did so, the rapidly forming skin piled up into little creamy ridges. He pushed the skin aside and dug his spoon into the semi liquid mass underneath, as he removed the spoon there was a decided slurp. The spoon came to a halt halfway to his mouth and he looked down at the bowl, watching the fragile crater fill up, the sides slipping into the middle in an unstoppable motion. He gave up and put bowl and spoon down onto the rock next to him. "Didn't I make it right, Lord?" Éomer started and looked up; the young rider was looking terrified. "No, Celm, it is fine, I am just not very hungry. Perhaps just one piece of bacon, a small hunk of bread and a mug of tea." The boy nodded, picked up the bowl and started to walk away, "No leave that, Celm, Firefoot will polish it off," he said almost apologetically trying to smile at the lad. Celm reappeared with the required breakfast a few moments later, "Shall I take that to Firefoot, Lord?" He pointed to the solidified bowl of porridge. "No, I will do it; he will be a bit lively this morning. Get his tack and my other stuff would you." The boy nodded and hurried away Éomer cast his mind back to the first few times he had ridden with an éored and the thought of his own nervousness and fear of doing wrong forced him to eat the piece of bacon and most of the bread. At least the tea was welcome. He stood up and dumped his plate and mug in the proffered bucket of water. The camp was now being swiftly disassembled, his men eager to get on even if he was not. Éomer picked up the bowl and headed towards the horse lines, he might as well enjoy the ride it looked like it would turn into a beautiful day. Firefoot whickered excitedly when he saw his master approaching and pawed the ground with one well polished black hoof. The horse was obviously anticipating a morning gallop. Éomer ran his hand down the dark dappled neck feeling the solid muscles ripple under the warm skin. "You'll have to wait a bit, my friend; it's going to be a rocky downhill ride first thing." The horse spotted the bowl and smelt the oatmeal and his leathery black lips started to quiver with anticipation. "You want this, then?" Watching the thick pink tongue snaking around the bowl, eager to extract every last oat, restored his good humour. It could not be as bad as he thought. The bowl finally abandoned, his mood was further lifted by watching the big grey trying to lick the goo that was stuck around his mouth, his resilient tongue extending to its fullest length in an effort to reach every last scrap. Éomer took the opportunity to run his hands down each of his stallion's strong legs: the ride through the caves had been rough and uneven, but he felt no heat or swelling and Firefoot did not twitch. Celm arrived and Éomer suppressed a grin, the lad was staggering under the load of saddle, saddlebags, saddlecloth, harness, spear and bow. It was a good job he was already wearing his sword. He took the saddlecloth and placed it carefully on Firefoot's back, "Come on then, we can put it off no longer." With the ease of long practice he fitted the saddle to his horse's back, his hands rejoicing in the familiar feel of the supple leather. He reached one hand under the horse's belly to pull the girth through and fasten it. "Don't you even think of making it difficult you old bugger." The big stallion relented, recognising the firmness in his master's tone, and lessened his waist measurement allowing the straps to be tightened. Éomer took the bridle from Celm and motioned the lad to put his weapons against a rock. "Go and get yourself ready, we shall be moving out soon." Celm went to do as he was bid and Éomer turned to finish tacking up his horse. The fitting of the bridle and bit was accompanied by an ever opportunistic Firefoot nudging and nosing into his master's tunic. When this manoeuvre produced no apparent reward he resorted to giving Éomer's hands a thorough licking, his eyes rolling in ecstasy as he revelled in the salty taste. Eomer tugged affectionately at the unruly quiff of coarse black hair that fell over the stallion's forehead, "You're an old softie really and I will try and give you a gallop." "I don't think there will be much chance around here," Éothain had come up to him, his own saddle over his arm. "It might be a bit better farther down." "Well, he's going to be a pain in the ass if we don't find somewhere. It did not suit him yesterday." The Rohan horses were bred for the rolling plains: the restrictions of mountain tracks and steep valleys did not sit well with them. Éomer fastened his bow to the saddle and fixed his spear into its long leather holder, wondering why he had brought it. True, he felt naked without it, but he was hardly likely to need the weapon on this trip. He decided not to admit to a certain perverseness that made him proclaim his warrior status quite so loudly. "Have the scouts left?" Éothain looked up from tacking up his own horse. "Aye, I told them to report back and not to make contact. I didn't know if you wanted to ride up with standards flying and horns blowing or creep up on them and give them a fright." Éomer grinned at his friend, "They might creep up on us." Éothain said nothing but raised his eyebrows in a totally sardonic gesture. "It doesn't become you to be too cocky." Laughing at Éothain's expression Éomer took hold of Firefoot's reins and swung himself into the saddle. "Once we know where they are we will stop and have a clean up." "You mean you daren't meet a princess with your hands stinking of horse's spit?" That managed to spoil his mood. "Come on, we should have left hours ago." The long orderly column left the plateau and rejoined the main way, heading down and heading south. The horses were fidgety. It was impossible to train them to the peak of vigour and fitness and then expect them to be content with slipping and sliding on an old neglected track. Progress was slow, the danger of a false move on a loose stone too real to ignore. They had gone half a league when one of the outriders returned. He came at a fair pace, the journey uphill by far the easier option. The man was damp, the braids in his tawny hair hanging like limp ribbons. Little beads of moisture were clinging to the wool of his cloak: they glistened like crystals in the now bright sunlight. He addressed Éothain, "The road improves around the next bend, my Lord, but not long after that you will hit the mist." "Any sign of them?" Éomer could not resist asking. "No, Sire, nothing. We have stopped and listened as the sound travels better upwards, but all is quiet. We don't want to go too far from the road until the mist clears." "Let us know when you find them. Do not let them see you. They will probably have scouts out as well." "I wouldn't count on it," Éothain muttered. The man nodded, acknowledged the order from his king with a wave of his hand and turned back down the road. He showed no surprise at the confidence shown in him. It was an eerie silent world once they entered the belt of wet mist, but the loose rock had, thankfully, given way to a beaten dirt road. Somewhere to the right of them would be the habitations of the great Blackroot Vale. Every now and again they passed a small stone cairn from which a treacherous looking path disappeared down into some hidden valley. It was the only sign that men lived in this mountainous region. The relative smoothness of the track excited the horses, especially Firefoot: none in his vicinity could fail to realise that the big horse wanted a gallop. The thought of blindly charging into a cloying cloud of murky grey did not appeal to his master, however. Éothain laughed at the horse's antics, "You should not have given him those oats. It has made him worse. In fact…" he laughed louder, finding whatever he was thinking extremely funny. Éomer waited patiently for the joke to come out. "In fact… when you meet this princess, you might wish you had eaten them yourself. You might want to leg it quickly." Éomer sighed; he