This is the second of my littlestories that look at various scenarios regarding Éomer and Lothíriel's courtship. Was it a love match? Was it arranged? We shall never know. There is one thing however of which I am absolutely sure: if we accept Tolkien's reading of Éomer's character, then he would have treated his wife, the daughter of a close friend with nothing other than respect. To those who loved 'Kissing is Different' I am afraid that this is not quite so amusing, but it pleases me, I hope it pleases you. I tried to thank everyone who reviewed but if your e-mail was not shown- then I thank you now. I also thank my friend Eirwen for her continued help. LBJ -------------------------- Edoras August 3019 Éomer thought that he had better hesitate no longer. He picked up his goblet and headed towards Imrahil. It had to be now. The Prince was sitting on his own for the first time that evening and he was returning home in two days. The hall was reasonably quiet for once, Faramir and Éowyn had sneaked off somewhere, Aragorn and Arwen had retired as the King had just returned from escorting the hobbits part way home, and the Prince's sons were no doubt lining up their next conquests. He had made up his mind: there was no reason to wait. Imrahil looked up and smiled as he approached, "I expect you will be glad to get rid of us all." "I have enjoyed it," Éomer laughed, "but I must admit there is so much to do." He took a deep breath, "That is more or less what I wish to talk to you about." The Prince looked expectantly at him, waiting for him to speak, "Yes, Éomer?" "You have a daughter; I need a Queen and a wife. I wondered if we could come to some arrangement." "A sort of trade you mean?" Imrahil asked, lifting one brow. "Yes. Well no, that is." Éomer ran his fingers through his long golden hair. "I understand that in Gondor most marriages are arranged. Amrothos and Erchirion speak fondly of their sister and have said that she is not yet promised. I like and respect you and your family and just thought that she might make a suitable Queen. I have no real time to go searching for a wife and the council are jumpy because there is no one left of the House of Eorl but Éowyn and me." Imrahil took a draught from his goblet and surveyed his friend through narrowed eyes, "It is true, Éomer that marriages for the high born are often of political merit but the parties involved usually meet first." "Of course, I am putting this badly. I thought that if you were willing I could take a quick trip to Dol Amroth. I was going to come with you and Aragorn as far as Erech anyway. I can spare a few days." "I am glad you can spare a few days to find a wife, my friend," said Imrahil dryly. The young King sighed, "I am sorry. I am under pressure from the Council. Many of my people are still homeless and our borders are not entirely safe. However if I do not make some effort it will be years before Rohan gets an heir." "I know, it is difficult." The Prince smiled, "And to be honest the idea had already crossed my mind." "It had?" He nodded, "I have not mentioned it because I knew you would meet at Éowyn's wedding. But if you wish to come to Dol Amroth then I have no objection. I would welcome you into my family, Éomer and I am sure you know that, but it may not be right. I would not wish my daughter, or you for that matter, a totally unhappy marriage. Lothíriel has long known that her union would probably be for political advancement, but I would not promise her to one she found abhorrent. Just before the war I was made a suitable offer but I turned it down. The match vexed her greatly and she gave me her reasons. They were sound and I accepted them." "I am surprised that I have not met her before. I would have thought she would have come to Minas Tirith for the post war celebrations." "She stayed at home to help Elphir. Many of our costal villages were raided and there was a lot of work to be done. Also, she felt it not right to celebrate too much with the number of widows and orphans we had after the war." "I can understand that. For most, even victory is not a celebration and I commend her for it. Can you tell me more of her?" "I have no doubt she would make a good queen, Éomer: she is a natural diplomat and has an easy way with those of all ranks. Her mother died whilst she was young so she assumed responsibilities which I feel have caused her to appear older than her years." Imrahil thought for a moment, "As for a wife, my friend, then you must be the judge. She is not a beauty, and as her father I am obviously biased, but there is a certain attractiveness about her. She appears calm and cool at all times, but underneath I sense something lurking." The Prince laughed, "If you wish to discover more then I suggest you go riding with her. I think you may glimpse her true self." Éomer quirked an eyebrow, "It sounds well. I will definitely come with you when you return home." He smiled, "I would enjoy visiting Dol Amroth anyway." "Do not look for too warm a welcome from Elphir," Imrahil chuckled, "As you will miss Éowyn, he would also miss his sister. He relies greatly on her advice. His own wife Melisa is pretty, soft and fluffy, fine for the bedroom perhaps but useless in the council chambers." A pang of envy and regret ran through him. He rather liked them soft and fluffy himself, but Kings did not marry for love, or indeed the quality of the bedroom activities. ------------------------- Dol Amroth September 3019 The Castle was bigger than he had imagined, rising out of the rocks. He could see the waves crashing against them on one side but on the other a long sandy beach stretched away into the distance. He hung back with Aragorn when they rode through the gates. As kings, protocol would dictate they were greeted first but as neither Imrahil nor his two youngest sons had been home since before the war they did not wish to deny them their welcome. Éomer watched with obvious interest. He saw a slim, dark haired girl run into her father's arms. She was perhaps average height or a little above, not quite as tall as Éowyn. Her two brothers vied to hug her first; Amrothos swung her round and around. She was laughing, begging to be put down. At last her father brought her over to be introduced. Éomer saw what he knew to be a genuine smile of welcome; it lit up her face and reached those cool grey eyes. "This is indeed a pleasure, my Lord, we had no idea you were coming." "I hope it will not inconvenience your household arrangements, Princess." "Not at all, my Lord. There is refreshment prepared and whilst you are enjoying that I will give orders for rooms to be made ready." "I thank you, Princess." "It is I who should thank you, my Lord. We have had many letters from my brothers telling of the brave deeds of you and your people. All here are grateful." Éomer watched her depart. Imrahil was right; she was a born diplomat. Gracious and confident. He had no doubt she would make an excellent queen. But a wife? -------------------------- They were strolling around the battlements; she was making polite conversation, something she was exceedingly good at. He would have to talk to her, as he knew her father had spoken to her of the reason for his visit. Her father was right, she was not a beauty but she was quietly attractive. Her hair was lovely and so was her skin. Her features were regular and put together in a way that would displease nobody. When he had danced with her he had felt generous breasts against him and had found himself more than once glancing down at her cleavage. But she was certainly not soft and fluffy. She was an intellectual, and that worried him, because he was not. He sighed to himself, he did not have time for all this. He needed a wife. "Your father has spoken to you, Princess?" "He has, my Lord." "Well, may I know your thoughts on the matter?" She looked directly at him in that cool way of hers, "You have not seen too many summers, your gait is strong and your teeth look sound. I could do worse." He stood open mouthed for a moment and then saw the twinkle in her eyes and burst out laughing. "I am sorry. Have I been staring? If so, then I apologize." "Just a bit, but do not worry I would expect it." "It was rude of me. I can only say that it is an unusual situation." She smiled at him, "In Rohan perhaps, my Lord, but not in Gondor. I have been brought up to accept this. But you are right, that does not make it easier." "Your father intimated that he would not force you into marriage, and I would not wish that. I would not want either you or I to be unhappy." "That is true, but I have already refused one suitor so I would need good reason to refuse you. I do not think we can deny that it would be beneficial to our countries." "Yes, it makes good sense." He could see that she was considering something. Deciding whether to voice her thoughts. "Is there something you wish to say, Princess?" "Do you mind if I speak frankly?" she said at last. "There is something I wish to ask you. I would know how things would stand between us from the beginning." "In what way, Princess? Please be as frank as you like." He could tell it was causing her some difficulty but eventually she looked up at him. "Kings cannot always marry the lady of their choice. I would ask if your heart has been captured by another? One you would be loath to give up. It may not necessarily affect my decision but I would appreciate an honest answer." To say he was surprised was to understate the matter. He had a distinct feeling that perhaps she was not so confident as she first appeared, but the grey eyes told him nothing. He wondered what marriages were really like in Gondor if she felt it necessary to ask if he would keep a mistress. He knew without a doubt that that was what she was asking. A wave of compassion shot through him. It must have cost her a lot to voice her concerns and he felt that she did indeed deserve a totally honest answer. "There is no lady who holds my heart Princess. I admit that I do not always sleep alone, but those are casual arrangements only and would cease on my marriage." She gave him wry look, "I would not expect you to be sleeping alone, my Lord, my brothers seem to be incapable of it." He grinned at her, "I have noticed. They rather took Edoras by storm and will be missed I think. He paused for a moment and then looked at her thoughtfully, "You have spoken frankly, Princess and so shall I. I need a Queen and a wife, and you are eminently suitable. Also the thought of joining our two houses pleases me, your father and brothers are now close