Éomer goes Fishing - A story in two parts, written because Lia gave me a great big nudge. Beginning Dol Amroth 3020 The door opened; Éomer blinked. First around the panelled wood came a clutch of four glinting spears – long, thick, deadly. The spears were followed by Amrothos. Éomer put down his knife. Spears were not normally presented at the breakfast table, but with Lothiriel's youngest brother you could never expect normality. Amrothos flashed white teeth, his grin wide enough to encompass all the assembled family members. "It's a good day for it!" Since Amrothos looked straight at him, Éomer guessed he was expected to ask why. "A good day for what?" But Lothíriel flew to her feet before the question could be answered, banging her cup down on the table furiously . "No, Amrothos. Not now, that's not fair! Éomer will be going in a couple of days. We haven't much time left." His thoughts exactly, and he hoped to spend much of those couple of days somewhere secluded, with his lips pressed against those of his betrothed. He reached out his hand and took hold of her slim fingers. "Whatever it is, I don't have to …." "Yes, you do," Amrothos flashed back. "We need you. Don't we, Erchirion?" His gaze swivelled to his brother. "Certainly. It's good you are here, Éomer." Erchirion continued to spread a roll with honey, whilst looking at him wryly from under arched brows. "Your expertise with a spear will be extremely valuable." Éomer sighed; already defeat hung menacingly over him. "For what?" "Squid hunting!" Lothíriel sat back down crossly, glaring at her brothers. "They want to go squid hunting." "We don't want to go, Lothy." Amrothos carefully propped the spears in a corner before pulling out a chair to sit opposite them. "But the fishermen are being harried again, and it's our duty." Éomer stared at the spears for a moment, and then back to Amrothos. "Am I hearing this right – you are going to use those spears to catch squid?" "Not catch , Éomer." Amrothos sounded as if he was talking to an imbecile. "Kill." Why did his head always pound in Amrothos' company? He forced a smile. "Squid, as per that slimy thing floating in a disgusting black broth you tried to make me eat last night? It was about," Éomer used his hands to judge, "well, no more than nine inches." One inch had been enough! "Unfortunately, Éomer," Elphir chimed in, "that was a common squid, caught in their hundreds on dark nights by attracting them to the light of a torch. Amrothos is talking about Giant Squid , a creature of the deep that is sometimes attracted to the surface on bright days…" "Like today," Amrothos butted in. Elphir ignored him, probably from long practice. "We think the males see the dark shapes of boats against the light and mistake them for females," he mused. "Anyway, giant squid can grow to forty feet or more and rogue ones sometimes attack our fishermen." "A forty foot long fish!" Éomer exclaimed, not at all sure he wanted to meet one, even with a spear that size. Suspicious – who wouldn't be – he quickly recalled the date to mind. But All Fools Day had been and gone. "Not a fish, Éomer." Erchirion sat back in his chair, a small smile playing on his lips. "Squid are thought to be related to slugs." "You tried to get me to eat a slug!" Incensed, Éomer rounded on Amrothos, the main culprit in the previous night's conspiracy, who did nothing but grin. "Merely related, Éomer. Like a donkey is related to a horse." "Rohirric horses are not related to donkeys!" he snapped, only to groan when he heard the stifled sniggers. He had reacted just as intended. If the Mark wasn't across a range of mountains from Dol Amroth, he'd seriously reconsider marrying Lothíriel. Except that he loved her so much … and with luck he wouldn't see Amrothos that often. "Look at it this way, Éomer." Amrothos gave him a benign smile, "if some of your farmers were under threat from a rabid warg, you'd ride out to hunt it down. And if we happened to be visiting, you'd expect us to help." Like hell he would! Feeling as if he was riding up a cliff face with a broken girth, he turned to Imrahil in mute appeal. He could rely on his friend for a sensible contribution. But Imrahil wiped his mouth with a napkin, hiding a smile before he spoke. "A giant squid makes an appearance once in a while, Éomer. I have been on many such hunts in my lifetime, but feel I am a little old for such an outing now. However, I am sure you will enjoy it." "Well, I don't feel I'm too old, so I am definitely going," Elphir announced. "You'll make a fourth, won't you, Éomer. That'll give us two each side of the boat." Éomer looked around the table, undecided. He didn't like boats much, and had no experience of fighting oversize slugs. Amrothos wore his customary grin. Imrahil smiled at him encouragingly. Erchirion carried on with his breakfast. Maedeth, Elphir's wife, looked entirely unconcerned – so squid hunting couldn't be that dangerous. Or that bad, if Elphir – whom he considered the most sensible of the three brothers – was prepared to take part. Resigned to his fate, he turned to Lothíriel to gain her reaction. She shrugged unenthusiastically. "I suppose it is a threat. I would feel awful if I tried to stop you and some poor defenceless fisherman was hurt." So would he, but he couldn't help letting out a deep sigh. "All right, so when do we start?" "Oh, as soon as we've eaten," Amrothos replied with obvious glee. "The boat is waiting." Arriving at the harbour half an hour later, Éomer gained some relief by seeing that the boat was a heavy, open fisher, with a large sail and two pairs of oars. He'd been a bit worried they would be going in one of the wobbly sailboats Lothíriel liked to take him out in. But Elphir put him right on that. "It has to look like a desirable female from underneath, Éomer, to attract our friend. It won't go for something small." "And of course a really big squid could turn over a small boat easily," Amrothos interjected, taking the spot by the tiller. Turn a boat over! But the brothers didn't look concerned, so he shrugged. "Let's hope for a not too big one then." Rather reluctantly Éomer settled himself on a middle thwart, leaving getting the boat ready to the princes. Within moments the sail was up, let right out, and Amrothos headed the craft into the bay. No one bothered with the oars, shipping them along the length of the boat with the spears. The sun shone, and thankfully the breeze was enough to push the boat along without tipping it. In the distance he could a see a few small fishing boats, gulls clamouring around them as their nets were lifted. But the gannets did their own fishing, plummeting into the sea from incredible heights to spear their prey, and so did the goldeneyes. The chunky ducks swam together in close-packed rafts, upending themselves almost in unison, to appear moments later with small crabs waving from their bills. Éomer loosened the collar of his tunic, admitting that it was reasonably pleasant and, anyway, he enjoyed new challenges and a giant squid would certainly provide one. He might even enjoy himself. Elphir and Erchirion played with the sail for ages before they sat down – although Éomer couldn't see any difference than from when they first started. Amrothos tied the tiller to keep the boat on a straight course and the three princes leant back against the gunwales, legs stretched out. Looking for all the world as if they were on a family jaunt. Éomer, who had been scanning the sea for any sign of the thing they were hunting, glanced at Amrothos and saw he had his eyes closed. Not exactly on guard, any of them. "Don't you think you had better give me an idea of the best way to deal with these creatures," Éomer said to no one in particular. "They are new foes to me." "Well," Elphir replied, "it's pretty straightforward. We all hack off as many tentacles as we can, and one of us has to shove a spear down its beak." "Its beak! I thought you said it was some kind of slug." "It is, Éomer." Erchirion sat up straight to explain, his habitual amused expression well in evidence. "That's what the mouth part is called. It's made from something hard and is shaped rather like a parrot's beak." "They use their tentacles to catch their prey and pull it towards their beak," Elphir explained. "And then the beak chomps you up," Amrothos put in, making munching movements with his hand. Involuntarily, Eomer's fingers went to the hilt of his sword. "So we have to make sure we get all the tentacles and keep away from its beak." Gúthwinë had hacked off orcs' heads, disembowelled wargs and sliced open Haradrim, no doubt it could deal with an angry squid. He felt quite confident until Amrothos leant forward and spoke into his ear. "The tentacles are as thick as a man's thigh. And there are ten of them. If one catches you, it will drag you over the side of the boat and hold you under the water until you drown." "The trick is not to let them get their suckers on you," Erchirion added. "They stick like glue and then you're done for." Ten great squirming tentacles – four of them. Not good odds. But Éomer suddenly caught sight of Elphir's lips twitching – the buggers, they were having him on. Forty foot slugs! His first suspicions had been right. He stretched nonchalantly. "Well, that sounds fine. If one appears I'll have no qualms about dealing with it. You lot can get back to sleep if you like." He kept his expression bland for a moment and enjoyed the surprise on their faces, but then a chuckle escaped. "Oh, you guessed," Amrothos' face fell. "I thought we'd be able to get you shaking in your boots." "Next time, perhaps." Éomer grinned. "Come on, what's this all about? Tell me why you have really brought me out here, not just to keep me away from your sister, I imagine." "No, but Squids Hunts are a tradition for prospective bridegrooms." Elphir got up and made his way forward. "This is what it's really about." He pulled aside a piece of canvas to reveal a neat pile of wineskins, a firkin of ale, two large wicker baskets, some simply made bows and half a dozen short, lightweight spears with barbed points. "In most of Gondor it's called a Stag Hunt. Basically, a party of friends go out to, so say, hunt for the elusive White Stag. But it's really no more than a convenient excuse for some lively merrymaking. Our family, however, has Squid Hunts . This is the last time you will be in Dol Amroth before the wedding, so it's our only chance." Grinning, he passed Éomer a wineskin. "We'll have to wait until we get to the island before we tap the barrel. And then it will need to settle. This will have to do until then." Éomer quickly removed the stopper and took a mighty swig. He deserved it. The warm rich wine trickled down his throat comfortingly. "But why a Squid Hunt? And are there such giants, or is it a complete invention?" Elphir passed his brothers a skin each before he answered. "No, not an invention. There are tales of fishermen seeing them, and attacks have been documented, but not in our lifetime. If they are real, they rarely come up from the