' Now at last they passed into the high circles of the City, and in the light of morning they went their way towards the Houses of Healing; and these were fair houses set apart, for the care of those who were grievously sick, but now they were prepared for the tending of men hurt in battle or dying. They stood not far from the Citadel-gate, in the sixth circle, nigh to its southward wall, and about them was a garden and a greensward with trees, the only such place in the City. There dwelt the few women that had been permitted to remain in Minas Tirith, since they were skilled in healing or in the service of the healers .' From 'The Return of the King' by J R R Tolkien. Waterloo - Part 1 Minas Tirith – March 3019 Her maid had already filled two packing cases, far too much Lothíriel thought for a flight to safety. Well, relative safety. Lossarnach was too near Minas Tirith to offer anything but a temporary refuge. Perhaps she should have followed her sister-in law back to Dol Amroth, but it seemed so far from the centre of things. Unlike Meren, she didn't have the responsibility of a child to take into consideration. And with Erchirion already on the front line at Osgiliath, Elphir having taken command of a company in the City and her father and Amrothos expected in a few days with the rest of their forces, she didn't want to go home. But she would have to leave soon as her uncle Denethor had ordered all the women and children to leave before the men of the Outlands marched in, and well before any siege started. "We will be going tomorrow, won't we my lady?" Her maid had been frightened for days, and could not wait to leave. Unlike the old housekeeper, Eglan, who grumbled that she was too ancient to travel anywhere and had seen too much in her life to be alarmed by anything. "Yes, I suppose we must. But I am going to ride; I will not leave Passion here. You and Eglan can travel in the carriage. Although with the amount you have packed for me, it will be a squeeze." "You will have to dress properly, even in Lossarnach, my lady. You never…" Luckily, her fussing came to a halt when a sharp knock sounded on the door. Eglan poked her head through before Lothíriel could even say enter. "Lady Gailrin is here to see you, my lady." "Oh! I will come immediately, Eglan. And please serve some tea." The housekeeper nodded and left and Lothíriel, after a quick check in the glass, hurried to the small solar kept for the ladies. "Lady Gailrin." Lothíriel sketched a curtsey. Strictly, as a princess, she held higher rank than Lord Hurin's wife, but she had been taught to esteem age. Not that Lady Gailrin was ancient, only a few silver strands showed amongst the coifed black hair, but somehow her tall straight posture and neat appearance commanded respect. On top of that the older woman had been kind to her since she'd come to Minas Tirith to join her brothers. "My dear, I am sorry to come unannounced, but my mission is urgent. I feared you had already left the City." She sat down at an invitation from Lothíriel but on the edge of her seat, looking ready to leave at the first opportunity. "No…" Lothíriel replied, a bit flummoxed, both by the unexpected visit and from the talk of an urgent mission. "We intend leaving for Lossarnach tomorrow. I have kin there so decided not to return to Dol Amroth." "Yes, well. I am sorry to be blunt, Lothíriel but I am hoping you will stay. I haven't got time for niceties; there are other ladies on my list to see." "Stay?" Lothíriel echoed, now thoroughly confused. "How can I stay? The orders are very clear." "Quite!" Lady Gailrin pursed her lips dismissively. "An order made by men without any thought to the realities of the situation. Get all the women out ? Who then is to administer to the wounded?" "I... the healers, I imagine," Lothíriel stuttered. "We have wonderful Healing Houses and the Warden and his assistants are very skilled. And the women amongst them do not have to leave." "Of course not. But, Lothíriel dear, think! Even if our troops fight off the attack, the casualties will be enormous. Our healers cannot possibly cope with the number of wounded expected. I pointed this out to Denethor and I am glad to say he saw the sense of my argument. He has given permission for me to recruit a band of ladies who will stay to serve in the Healing Houses. I am very much hoping that you will be one of them." "Me…!" Lothíriel gasped. "I have no skill in that way at all." "How much skill does it take to hold a cup of water to a dying man's lips, or wash dirt from a blinded man's eyes, Lothíriel? Doing those sorts of jobs frees up the healers and their trained assistants for the more difficult work." "Oh." Lothíriel sat down heavily, thoughts raging around her head. Luckily she was saved from answering immediately by Eglan arriving with the tea. Lady Gailrin waited until Lothíriel had taken a few sips, but it was obvious she wanted an answer. "Well, my dear. Do you think you can do it?" How could she say no? And she did want to stay. But apprehension as to whether she would be of any use stopped her from totally agreeing. She prevaricated instead. "I can't stay here on my own, and my maid chafes to get away…." Lady Gailrin's face fell and Lothíriel came to a decision. "…But perhaps Eglan would keep me company if she were allowed." "That's settled then." Lady Gailrin beamed at her, standing up and giving her no time to change her mind. "I shall put both of you on the list of those with permission to remain in the city." She tossed back her tea and smoothed her dress. "I must rush now, Lothíriel there are others to see. But we will all meet tomorrow to learn the techniques of stitching simple wounds. You have not disappointed me, my dear." Stitch wounds! Lothíriel opened her mouth to remonstrate, but Lady Gailrin had already swept her skirts through the door. Strangely though, as she found out the next day, she had a natural aptitude for stitching wounds. Well, for sewing up a rent in the piece of hog-skin she'd been given to practice on, anyway. A tribute to a noble upbringing and Gondorian samplers, she acknowledged. Also, the faint disquiet that her father would not approve of her staying to succour the wounded proved unfounded. The Lord of Dol Amroth arrived a day later to a tumultuous welcome, took a few moments to put his arm around her, hug her to him saying how proud he was that she would play her part, before going off with Mithrandir complaining that Denethor was doing nothing to order a proper defence of the city. After that she saw him only occasionally and then he was usually in deep conversation with his chief knights, who had taken every spare bed in the house and overflowed onto the floor of the ante-chamber. Eglan tutted but dispensed blankets and food with incredible efficiency. But her father's arrival seemed to be the signal for things to worsen. A dark cloud descended on the city, the grey gloom depressing hope. Her cousin Faramir had been sent with extra troops to strengthen Osgiliath. Everywhere there was talk of his father putting him and his men in unnecessary danger, as they had no hope of defending the river and the outer defences. But Denethor had his way and Lothíriel feared for both Erchirion and her cousin. With tension mounting in the city, and her home turned into a command post, Lothíriel found the peace of the Healing Houses preferable. To an extent shut off from the outside, only rumour reached those that laboured with the injured. And the injured were starting to come in. But Lothíriel knew that coping with the survivors from the rout at Cair Andros was only a foretaste of the horror to come. Welcomed by the warden and handed over to Ioreth to be assigned duties, the team of Ladies were soon given mundane but necessary jobs to do. Preparing bandages and dressings did not cause Lothíriel any difficulty, the companionable chatter passing the time nicely. And when she progressed to holding basins and passing sutures, she did not disgrace herself, only closing her eyes occasionally when the healers probed deep into torn flesh. But then news of disaster came. The reports of the desperate retreat from Osgiliath penetrated even the thick stone walls that sheltered the sick. Lothíriel, with no duty for a moment ran through the herb-garden to the outer wall in time to hear a trumpet signal the rescue attempt. Far below her, charging across the Pelennor went her father with his swan-knights. She could just make out the blue and silver banner streaming out. "Ride! Ride!" she shouted, as her kinsmen tore towards the returning mass of men. At first, all she could see were the flaming brands carried by the enemy but then a large group of scarlet clad horsemen appeared out of the gloom, attacking Gondor's retreating army. With spears raised the swan-knights flew to the aid of their beleaguered compatriots. "Amroth for Gondor!" she cried but like a thousand others, her voice carried away in the wind. Then a piercing cry shrieked through the air, reaching even the high levels of the city and sending a blast of fear through her. Lothíriel clutched her arms about her in horror as great winged shadows swooped over their soldiers, rending with beak and claw. Not being able to bear the sight, she turned and hid her face a moment – Erchirion could be amongst those tormented by the evil beings. As she gained the courage to look again, suddenly she saw a rider overtake her father and raise his hand from which a white streak of light swept away the foul things. "Mithrandir," she breathed. And the cry went up from the watchers on the walls: 'Behold the White Rider.' Soon all the men that could be saved were within the city and the great gates shut. Lothíriel stood rooted to the wall not wanting to look but unable to move, as from the river the marching companies of Mordor flooded the plain like a foul, black tide. May the Valar help them all! By morning they would be truly besieged. She stayed watching until the light finally went, returning inside to worse news— Faramir had been injured, possibly even to death. Hurrying through the halls seeking to find someone who knew what had happened she came to a sudden halt. Amongst the wounded who had arrived from the latest sortie she recognised a captain who sat slumped on the floor with his back against a pillar. "Erchirion!" Her brother had a bandage around his head and his arm wrapped in a piece of cloth. Raising his head, he focused tired eyes on her, his normal tanned skin now a pallid grey. "Lothy? What are you doing here? I thought you were safe in Lossarnach." Lothíriel crouched down next to him, taking his hand. Her own shook slightly. Gondor's proud uniform was torn and blooded, but she could see no major injuries. Relief churning her stomach, she touched his good arm. "I'm helping out here; they are expecting huge numbers of wounded." "Huge numbers of dead would be more accurate," he muttered. She must have blanched, because he squeezed her hand. "Take no notice of me; I am not quite feeling myself. Mithrandir says that Rohan will come and we must hold