A Thimble ◊.◊ The sun was warm against his skin, casting a glow over what was usually pale. He could see freckles forming on his arms from the sun's gaze. The clouds moved above his head and if he closed his eyes slightly and lifted his arm in the air, straining his fingers, it seemed as if he could grab a piece of them. When Edward heard footsteps approaching, he bowed his neck to see the perpetrator who wore a skimpy, white string-bikini, and all her attributes hanging out in alarming quantity. He choked down a sigh and swallowed the saliva that would no doubt have dripped down his chin. The sun made strands of her dark brown hair look red and smooth. Then it traced down to the dip in her collarbone, across her shoulders and along the rest of her body, stopping only for a brief moment near her knees when she laid herself down on the chair next to him. Bella didn't bother looking over at him, just slipped her sunglasses on and flipped open a magazine. He turned his attention back to the clouds, curious as to where Emmett had gone, sun glaring in his eyes. As if Emmett and Edward's minds were connected, the glass door swung open, loudly crashing into the other side of the glass in the process. Emmett stepped out, holding three bottles of Heineken in between his fingers. Edward watched as Emmett attempted to close the door, unsuccessfully, before he put the bottles down on the granite tiles and shut the door. Edward shook his head stifling his laugher. Bella looked up, first glancing over at Edward then to Emmett who she raised her eyebrows at, annoyingly. She opened her moist lips, licking them over with her ripe red tongue. Her peach tinted sunglasses tilted down to the bridge of her nose as she watched her brother fumble with the bottles. "Bottle opener?" Bella yelled with an obvious hint of irritation. She rolled her eyes as Emmett looked down, shaking his head no. "Dammit," Emmett mumbled bending over and placing the bottles down on the tiles again. Edward observed him for a few more seconds, watching as he made his way back over to the door, opening it frustratingly. He left it wide open, as he went to retrieve the bottle opener. Bella pushed her sunglasses back up and went back to eyeing the magazine in her hands, flipping pages back and forth. Edward observed that she wasn't wearing perfume, which wasn't that uncommon during daylight hours. She did mention something from time to time about bees wanting to attack her if she wore Cartier in the afternoon. Most of the time she smelled like bubblegum and cupcakes but today it was honeysuckle with hints of vanilla. He would never admit to paying attention to such a thing, especially since he'd known Bella ever since he could remember basically anything. His memories were her memories and vice versa. The Swan's and Masen's lives were entwined. Edward played with the string on his knee-length, black trunks in order to distract himself from the "wet-dream" sitting beside him so wrapped up in what new designer was "in" and who was making the worst fashion "no-no". He rolled his head along the red cushion underneath him, facing away from Bella. The scent on her skin still floating in the air, distracting him from any intense thoughts. The sound of the glass door closing came again, along with running footsteps, much louder than Bella's some time before. "I got it!" Emmett called, happily rushing towards them in his own black trunks patterned with small blue Hawaiian flowers. His short, dark hair, spiked a little on top, near his forehead. "You're a moron," Bella said, surely rolling her eyes behind her glasses. She took a bottle from his hand, hastily, almost causing him to drop the other two. Emmett leaned over Bella's legs where Edward had already moved and reached his hand out for the bottle, wrapping his hand around the body. It was cold against the palm of his hand. Emmett used the bottle opener first, popping off the head and letting it plummet to the ground. Edward waited patiently as Bella popped the top off her own. She reclined, backwards, into the cushion, holding the bottle's head in between her fingertips and tossed the opener to Edward who caught it in perfect motion. Emmett had already sat down on the other side of Bella, chugging down the beer at an impossibly fast speed. Edward slipped the bottle top off and dropped the small bottle opener to the ground. It made a clinking noise but neither Bella, or Emmett moved from their positions to follow the sound. The beer tasted sweet in his mouth, rolling around on his tongue and down into his throat. After he took his second mouthful, he let it wash over him. He stared up at the sky once again. It reminded him of their last trip to Florida where they'd recovered weed from Renée's secret stash. They sat underneath the stars, arms spread out in the sand, and their heads converged against each other. As they passed the joint that Bella had rolled perfectly, around and around, they laughed through brittle lips and dry tongues. There were no other two people he would rather get high with. "I hear there's a bonfire at the beach tonight," Edward said, wiping droplets of beer off his lips. "We should head out there later," he took another nice long swig, letting it sink into his blood stream before taking another. Bella glanced over at him, rolling to her side, breasts pushed together. Edward tried not to stare, but that was like trying not to breathe. She took a sip of the beer, and wrapped her seductive lips around it's opening. She tilted her head back enough to swallow without choking. "Free alcohol?" She asked, after she'd consumed some of the beer. "That's what I hear." He paused looking over at Emmett who had already finished off the last chug of beer and was calmly resting with his eyes closed. "When is there ever a beach bonfire without it?" Edward asked, taunting her. Bella stuck her tongue out at him, throwing her magazine to the ground. "Swim with me," she said, swinging her legs over to the side of the chair and standing on the tip of her toes before placing the soles of her feet down on the ground. It was a demand more than a question and Bella always got what she wanted. Who was Edward to deny her anything? She snatched the bottle out of his hand taking a large gulp. He watched her swan-like neck as she finished it off. Bella handed it back to him as she walked to the pool covered in a basin of black marble. The sun beat down on it almost angrily, making it impossible to touch or stand on before jumping into the cool water. Edward took one last look at Emmett whose skin was burning up from the sun's undeniable gaze and almost told him to put some sunblock on before he turned into a lobster but he was too taken by Bella to say anything. She was tiptoeing on top of the black marble with her arms stretched out like a ballerina. "Come on!" she whined, waving him over. He walked bare foot to her, back straight, arms hanging at his side and inside he felt uneasy. The sun was reflecting off the water and into her hair, pressing on his own skin as if saying "I'm going to burn you so you can't feel a thing", but he pushed back the desire to slip into the pool. Once he was in reach of Bella, he pushed his fingers against the small of her back hard enough to watch her dip into the water with a pissed off expression on her face as she sunk to the bottom. Her hair laced the water while she moved her arms, reaching the surface. "Edward Masen – you bastard!" Bella screeched, brushing the hair away from her face. Edward just smiled. Crossing his arms over his chest. He stood up on the marble that burned his feet and bowed. "You're welcome," he uncrossed his arms, waving them to the side. Bella looked furiously at him, lifting her hair up above her head, releasing some of the water that had seeped into her scalp back into the pool. She shook her head back and forth, trying to get the water out from her ears. He could see the protrusion of her nipples piercing through the fabric of her bikini top and he smiled to himself. Bella saw his delighted expression and looked down, sighing exasperatingly. "Pervert," She shoved the shell of her hand along the water, throwing some in the air towards him. He stepped back, off the edge of the pool where his feet had been ablaze and back down to the ground, laughing at her. His auburn hair shined against the backdrop of the sun. Bella placed the palm of her hands on the hot surface outside of the cold water. Her breasts, which were covered in the skimpy top, were shoved up against the side of the pool as she lifted herself up, and sat down. Her feet dangled in the water. Edward paced back and forth, up and down the side of the pool, glancing at the curve of her neck and the beauty of her back where her wet hair clung to her in a way he wished to cling to her. He didn't even know it was possible to be jealous of hair on a person's head till then. Her scent of honeysuckle and vanilla had drifted away with the chlorine filled water and he was saddened that now she smelled like bleach. Someone that possessed her qualities should not smell like a household product at anytime. She ran her fingertips along the black marble, drawing circles and when Edward paid close attention to her fingers from where he stood, silently, he saw his name scribbled out under each move of her fingertip. He shook his head, assuming he was seeing things and sat down next to her, dipping his own feet into the water. Bella looked over at Emmett, who was lying out lazily on the lawn chair, about ten or twelve feet away from them, his skin becoming a fiery red. She sighed, turning to Edward and shaking her head, took her hair into her hand and made a fist in order to ring out more water. "He really needs to put some sunblock on," Bella said, throwing her hair over her shoulder, letting the long entwined strands hang near her collarbone. Edward understood that at times Bella and Emmett didn't get along and could easily rip each other to pieces but there were moments where they both showed a certain kindness towards one another. He could see the concern in her light hazel eyes over the sun's assault on her brother. She wiped her palm over where she'd been tracing circles as if she left some mark she wanted no one to see. She quickly stood up, pacing over to Emmett like an exasperated babysitter. He watched from afar, toes ringing water around his feet. Bella pushed Emmett awake, who wiped his face in surprise and took the bottle of sunblock from her hands. Edward noticed a glint of something at the bottom of the pool and leaned over a little, holding onto the edge of the marble. Bella's sunglasses shined from the floor and without thinking about it, he slithered into the pool and swam to the underside, after her glasses. He held his breath until he reached the surface, holding onto the middle of the frames, placing them outside of the water. He made his way out of the pool swiftly and turned his attention