A/N: Hey guys! So, this story will focus on all of the deaths of tributes in the Hunger Games. Some of these will be longer or shorter than others, but every death is important. It will be a lot, and I'll of course be going way past 75, but I'll manage to get it done. ;) Oh, and just like in Year By Year, not all tributes will be named, only certain ones. Now behold, the deaths of the 1st Hunger Games, as shown in Year By Year 24th place: District 10 Male; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" I can't believe this. This whole "Hunger Games" thing, with how we're supposed to kill each other. It's horrific, terrible, disgusting. Nobody's done anything yet, which is good. We're all just standing around the Cornucopia, looking through what's inside, and wondering what we're going to do next. That's when I hear the boy from District 1, Gem, grunt as he picks up a spear. What the hell is he doing with that? I think to myself. In a split second, the spear comes flying straight at my heart. I'm don on the ground, and everything goes black. I was written down as the first ever Hunger Games death. Hunger Games Death #1. Just like that, the first ever blood has been spilled. 23rd place: District 6 Female; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" The boy from 10 lands on the ground with a thump. The girl from District 3, Franca, I believe, checks his pulse. Nothing. He's dead. Gone. A canon fires, apparently marking his death. The boy from District 1, Gem, the one who killed him, just stands there motionless. We all begin to yell at Gem. I mean, he just killed an innocent boy. He walks over to the boy from District 10's body, and rips the spear out of his chest. There's blood and gore splattered all around the boy's body. Poor guy. Then, Gem quickly positions his spear, and throws it into my stomach. I fall to the ground, and blood pours out of my mouth. Within seconds, I'm dead, and the world goes black. I'm Hunger Games Death #2. 22nd place: District 11 Female; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" A second canon booms. The boy from District 10. The girl from District 6. Who's next. There's twenty - one of us, and one of him. We have to fight back as a team! Even though the Capitol's trying to divide us, we can't just let this boy kill ever single one of us. Gem picks up a throwing knife. He's just killed two people, but he doesn't care. Not at all. He looks around at various tributes. The girl from District 5. The boy from District 12. The boy from District 4. It's when his eyes land on me, that I begin to panic inside. What's he looking at me for? I ask myself. I had an answer, but I didn't like it. My thoughts are proven true as the throws the knife at me, and it embeds itself in my head. I'm dead in seconds. 21st place: District 5 Male; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" Another canon goes off as the girl from District 11 falls to the ground, dead, with a knife protruding from her skull. Most tributes' eyes widen, and instead of fighting, we choose to flee. Gem scoops up three more throwing knives, which is just wonderful. As tributes start to flee, he figures that he'll weed a few more out. Well, I find myself to be one of those few more, as I feel an immense pain in my back. That's when I realize that Gem just knifed me in the back. I fall to the ground, and land right on my face. Gem chasing after the girl from District 9 is the last thing that I see before I die. 20th place: District 9 Female; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" That crazy boy from District 1, Gem, is chasing me around with two throwing knives in hand. I'm going as fast as I can, but he's still gaining on me. Am I going to be the next one to fall? Apparently so. Damn. I should've grabbed a weapon while I was at the Cornucopia. But I didn't think that these other people would try to kill each other, or me! Hell, I guess you never know what to expect from people from other Districts. Like 13 getting blown up with it's own industry, or this crazy boy chasing me around like a madman. BOOM! The fourth canon so fire fires. I don't know who it was that died, as I'm too preoccupied with this psychotic boy trying to stab me. Eventually, he catches up to me. He tackles me, even though he's much bigger than I am, and two years older. He jabs the knife into my skull, and the world goes dark. 19th place: District 7 Male; Killed by Gem, "Bloodbath" I'm rushing away from the Cornucopia, trying to get away from that crazy Gem boy. BOOM! A fifth canon? Shit. Who's dead? I know that the boy from District 10, and the girls from 6 and 11 are gone, but other than that, I have no clue. "You're next, Seven!" Gem hollers at me. ME? Holy fuck, this guy's psychotic. I begin to shake my head, and I run as fast as I can to get away from the crazy District 1 boy. But I can't go all that fast. My right foot is deformed, and I'm not all that fast of a runner. Like, at all. I know that I'm gonna die the moment that I feel Gem's hand on my shoulder. "Nighty night." He says, as he sticks the knife into my back. And just like that, it's over. 18th place: District 12 Male; Killed by Gem, Day 2 "The boy from Five. The girl from Six. The boy from Seven. The girl from Nine. The boy from Ten. The girl from Eleven. Dead. Gone. All because of that asshat of a District 1 Capitol lapdog." Shit, have I been saying some of this out loud? Oh, crap. "So, I hear that you're one of my many fans." Gem says, smiling sadistically. He's got a sword. I better run. I bolt off. "Come back, Twelve!" Gem hollers. I know, too hard to learn my real name. Walter. Ugh, I hate my name. Eventually, Gem catches up with me, and tackles me. He holds me down as he stabs me repeatedly in the chest. One, two, three, four times and I'm gone, but he doesn't stop until he reaches seventeen. One for every remaining tribute, including me, but excluding him. 17th place: Sandy Peltts, District 4 Female; Killed by Herself, Day 2 "I can do this." I assure my allies, Velvet, Venus, Rome, and Oceanus. "It'll be fine. Watch." I climb the tree, in order to see the rest of the arena from above. I climb about twenty feet in the air. Pretty good. I keep going, until I'm at the top, maybe forty to fifty feet up. I'm better at this than I thought! I look around the arena, and practically all that I can see are treetops. Damn. My foot slips. I grab hold of the tree. It's okay. It's okay, Sandy. You're safe. I think to myself. Wow. I'm almost as crazy as Gem for that. Oh well, at least I'm not a killer. I scream as my foot slips again. And this time, I'm not able to catch myself. I plummet to the ground, and my head cracks way open. Game over. 16th place: District 11 Male; Killed by Gem, Day 3 It feels good to rest. I've made it this far, but my District Partner wasn't so lucky. After two days of running around this arena, it feels good to lay down. I'm on the ground, sleeping on a ton of moss, leaves, and grass like a bed. Not too shabby. I hear rustling in the bushes. Shit! Is someone here? It stops. Nope. Probably just the wind, as it is a little bit breezy. I hear it again, but just like the first time, I don't see anybody. Huh. I relax, assuring myself that it was just the wind. I'm shocked when I feel a spear stuck in my neck. I look up quickly, and see that boy, Gem, in the corner of my eye. In seconds, my world goes black. And now my District has to feel the shame of being the first District to ever loose both tributes in the Hunger Games. 15th place: District 3 Female; Killed by Tornado, Day 4 I wake up on the fourth day of the Games, and eat some beef jerky and have a few sips of water. I yawn and stretch out. Let's see. Who's dead so far? The boys from 5, 7, and 10, and the girls from 6, 9, and 11 went on Day 1. The boy from 12 and the girl from 4 went on Day 2. And the boy from 11 died yesterday. Fourteen left, not including me. I hear a loud noise in the distance. It sounds almost like one of the trains from District 6 coming right for you. That's when I see it. A gigantic whirlwind of death, that is a tornado. I let out a scream, as there's nothing that I can do now. It's too fast and close for me to outrun it. It sucks me up, and throws me at a nearby tree. The last thing that I see is the tree branch about five inches from my face. 14th place: District 6 Male; Killed by Tornado, Day 4 I wake up to a loud noise not too far away from me. Shit! I think I slept a little too late. Before I know it, a tornado is heading right for me. I can't die now! I was supposed to win, damn it! I let out a loud scream as the tornado makes it's way over, and sucks me up. I whirl around, then it throws me. I slam into the ground, and it's over. 13th place: Oceanus Dane, District 4 Male; Killed by Himself, Rock, and Tornado, Day 4 Velvet, Venus, Rome, and I bolt away from the incoming tornado, that has already claimed the lives of two tributes. I run as fast as I can, but I'm not looking where I'm going. Eventually, I trip over a damn rock. I tell the others to run, and they do. Within seconds, the tornado catches up to me, as it was hot on our trail even as I was running. I yell at the top of my lungs as it sucks me up into the whirlwind. It throws my high in the air, above the treetops. I come down, and smack my head on that same damn rock. I was killed by a rock. 12th place: District 7 Female; Killed by Gem, Day 7 I relax up in a tree. It's quiet. Too quiet. Nobody's died since Day 4, so I'm sure that someone's bound to go soon, with twelve of us still alive. I hear a faint rustling in the bushes, but just shrug it off, and blame it on the wind. That's when I feel the knife dig into my neck. I fall out of the tree, and onto the ground. Just like that, I'm dead. 11th place: District 5 Female; Killed by Gem, Day 7 I'm running through the brush in the forest as fast as I can. Gem, the psycho from 1 is chasing me, with a spear in hand. I can't die! I'm only fourteen, I have so much left to accomplish in life! Well, I guess I don't. My eyes widen as I feel the spear penetrate my stomach. And down I go. 10th place: District 8 Female; Killed by Gem, Day 8 I sit in the tree and sort through my backpack.