Celeste excitedly squeals as she bounds into her bedroom. Jacie, her sister, is at a sleepover, so Celeste has their whole room to herself. That means she can read all her favorite novels, including the Hunger Games and Harry Potter without Jacie nagging her and insulting the books. Just as Celeste pulls the Hunger Games off her bookshelf, she hears a noise. She groans loudly, sets the book down, and walks toward the door. "Yes!" she say through the door crack. "May I come in?" says her father's light voice. That's odd. Usually Celeste's parents barge into her room without a second thought or even knocking. "Uh... No?" Celeste say, and she can practically see him rolling his eyes. "We're watching a movie. Or rather I am. Forget what it's called... Anyways, want to watch?" Celeste purses her lips and puts on a very thoughtful expression. "Maybe I'll come later," she says with fake enthusiasm. "Alright," he says, and Celeste can hear his retreating footsteps. She excitedly grabs the book from her desk and plops onto her bed. She wraps the hot red covers around herself, and fidgets and adjusts for minutes until she is one hundred percent comfortable. She is a perfectionist, after all. Celeste stares at the cover and fantasizes for a while. If she was in the Hunger Games... Hmm. Colors swish in her mind and vivid conversations happen and blood and gore and romance and adventure and... her imagination is so detailed that she gets sucked into it and suddenly she is in the games running from the Cornucopia and breathing heavily and grabbing a bulky rough cloth black backpack that's the size of her torso... images take over her mind as she alliances with a lanky District 11 boy whose name is Simon and... No, back to reality. She stares down at the cover and smiles at the golden Mockingjay pin. Woohoo! Time to get sucked into my Panem reality! she thinks sillily. Celeste opens the cover, and stares at the page. She strokes the pages in a silly way, drawing circles and squares with her finger... Finally she pulls herself out of her reverie and the corners of her mouth lift up as her eyes read the first words. When I wake up... "Ow!" What is that? She has got a feeling in her stomach, a curling feeling, like her stomach in being sucked at and stabbed at and millions of small cells are dying. She stares down at her stomach, and decides that she looks fine. "Ouch!" Now this is serious... she thinks angrily. Then she is waving her arms around because all she sees is black and nothing and what is happening! Her brain feels like its swimming around in a long never-ending sea and is far, far away from her. She feels her legs spazzing and her chest flails and her throat tightens as a lump forms and her heart travels up her throat feeling sticky and splattering everywhere and then blood red dots are dancing around her... Then the lights hit her and her eyes are blazing and burning and watering and her body is stinging and on fire and she's surrounded by an aurora of brilliant colors, all spilling out of the book. She feels herself getting pulled forward and she topples over her head and legs and toward the book and she is over it floating in the air with wind shrieking around her and all she can think is how, how, how is this happening?! She falls towards the book and her bed and she knows she will land softly but suddenly she is getting sucked into a darkness that spreads out as far as the eye can see and beyond and she is spinning and spinning and then it all disappears as if nothing is real, not touch or taste or smell, as she feels herself getting flattened. Celeste's eyes flick open in fear as she looks at her surroundings. A dark alleyway, shadows gliding along the walls, even a dirty, sooty black cat standing stiff behind a barrel, hiding, with huge wide lime green eyes. As soon as where she is registers in Celeste's mind, worry takes over. Celeste is a huge worry freak. And waking up in a creepy strange place like this.. well, what do you expect? But what may strike some people as odd is what she does next. She tentatively gets up off the hard dirt ground and crawls slowly toward the cat. It's in Celeste's nature to try to help other people... or, ah, creatures. And frankly, she needs some distraction. A cat ought to do it. Celeste has always wanted a pet, but alas, her parents do not seem to think a pet would be the best thing in a small apartment. "If you want a dog, just pretend Jacie is one. Pet her head or something," Celeste's dad would always joke. As Celeste sits in front of the cat, the cat starts sniffing at her. Celeste smiles to herself as the cat nibbles at her fingertips. Celeste gives a giggle, but then goes back to worrying. What if the cat has rabbies? But, no, there is no sparkling saliva dripping from yellow fangs and cloudy bubbles. And the cat, which Celeste assumes is a boy, judging on the.. Ah, private parts, seems friendly and not a raging, wild animal. Plus, Celeste has, with reason, assumed she is in a dream. But why would she fall asleep? And was that display of pain and colors and darkness real, or all in her brain? With a giddy feeling Celeste remembers the wise Dumbledore telling Harry something in one of her favorite books. "Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" Celeste happily replaces Harry with Celeste and grins, and then goes back to thinking. But the feelings were so real and vivid... Although that doesn't necessarily mean anything. Sometimes Celeste imagines something, and she imagines the scene fold out in so much detail in her head that it seems real and later she can't remember what is real and what is fake. She'll even talk about the event with someone and they'll be so confused because it didn't happen. Actually, this happens more than sometimes. More like everyday. And that's when Celeste gets sucked into her theories. But the purring of the cat, the rumbling of the cat's stomach, and the distant sound of crashing waves sucks Celeste back to reality. The crashing of waves? That's when Celeste realizes something. She is not in her t-shirt and skinny jeans. She's in a knee-length, gray-blue, no sleeves, silky dress, with silk gray-blue flowers on the skirt part and a soft cloth chocolate brown belt. Celeste isn't the most.. observant of people. When she really wants to be observant she'll notice the smallest details. Especially in other people, or in writing, or she's very great at interpreting artwork. But she zones out a lot . So she didn't even notice that she is freezing cold and shivering and has a pounding headache. But now she does. Celeste hears people talking, and immediately gets up. She starts walking towards the noise, and notices the cat following her. She sighs and smiles down at the cat, secretly glad for the company. She turns a corner, and the sight surprises her. A huge market, buckets piled high with produce, luxuries like beautiful shell necklaces being sold, set against a bright, blinding golden sun, rising against a clear blue sky. The air smells strongly of salt and in the distance Celeste can see beaches lined up. Down a path to the right, far away Celeste can see a large, looming building made of bright yellow bricks, and in front of a square strung with wilting streamers and colors so dull compared to the place she is in now. Celeste looks around at the market, and a glint of metal catches her eye. On the ground lies a handful of plain silver coins, and quickly and stealthily Celeste snatches them up. "You look like you could do with a decent meal," she murmurs to the cat. Walking towards a stand smelling awfully stinky fish, Celeste blocks out the smell with all her might, and gets in line. She nervously brushes at her hair and squeezes her hands, hoping that she fits in. The cat slides along comfortably beside her, and people give the dirty cat disgusted looks. "Hello, what would you like, m'lady?" asks the boy at the counter, a tall boy. He is dotted with orange freckles and has a confident look on his face as he flips back his long, sandy-orange hair. "A bass fish," Celeste says, with a fake smile. She's had practice with that fake smile. The bass is basically the only kind of fish she knows of of the choices on the poster on the wall of the stall. "Coming right up, m'lady," the boy says again. Soon enough the fish is ready, and Celeste fumbles with her coins. She had closely watched the other customers, and to her dismay, none of them had bought a bass fish, so she couldn't copy any of them. "Lemme help you there, m'lady," the boy says, as he reaches forward and takes a few coins out of the pile in her hand. "Thank you for your costumer watcha-ma-call-it, service etcetera. And you best not go around flaunting those coins. There's a few stealin' rascals out there, you know?" he says, as he hands her her bass in a paper bag. "Thank you," Celeste says. Then a streaking mass of black fur jumps up and attaches itself to the paper bag, as it slips and slides and tries to get to the fish. "That your cat?" asks the boy, a little suspicious and hesitant. "Yes," says Celeste, with admiration of the cat (he knew there was fish in it?!) and pleasure (she finally has a pet!) that the boy doesn't understand. "Well, I gotta tub of water. That cat could use a bath. Fancy that?" he asks, and Celeste nods vigorously. The boy picks up the cat, which hisses when put into the water. The boy rubs the cat until the water is dirty gray from all the dirt from the cat, and then he takes the cat out. Rubbing him dry, the cat sulks back to Celeste and plops down onto the ground, with an extremely sour look on his face. "Thank you so much! That was.. really kind!" Celeste says, staring at the cat. His coat of black is now silky, his tail fluffy, and it turns out he has the cutest white paws, and a small white dot on his cheek! "No problem. Feeling extra nice today, you know? Everyone is. Gave one lady and a man a discount. Mind you, I'm still in myself. Just eighteen. Haven't got too many slips, though, cause of this job. I've got to thank my father later then... We could hire you, if you know what there's to know about fish," this seems a funny joke to him, but Celeste doesn't get it. She just smiles politely and he goes on. "Well, of course you do! Anyways, wish you good luck. Nice cat you've got there, by the way," the boy says, sarcastically. "He have a name?" Just then Celeste realizes that she forgot to give the cat a name. So far his name has been the cat. So she makes a split second decision. "Boga." "Nice name. And your name would be?" "Celeste. Celeste Horn." "Cool. I'm Lucas Titan. See ya around," the boy says, and he goes back to the counter to join another boy that looks his age. Celeste walks along and feeds the fish to Boga. She ends up buying a small roll of bread for herself and a bottle of water to share with Boga. She eats the