Authors Note: (Gem/ her relatives are ancestors of Glimmer.) I do not own HG ***disclaimer*** Feel free to give constructive criticism, but if you don't like, don't read. And excuse me please for not being so good at the young people's because I don't really know how to do like young people like 5 or 6 or maybe even 7 years old ppl :/ as we go along, tell me which tributes you like best! I don't know the Victor yet. You may affect these characters whole lives if you tell me! :DDD :OOOO :PPPP :) The 1000th Hunger games. I couldn't believe it lasted this long. Uh, disgusting. No one had the nerve to rebel yet! Well than :/ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ In the 74th Hunger Games Katniss and Peeta both won, sparking a rebellion. But, for the 75th Hunger Games, they did 24 Victors and 24 relatives of the Victors. So, Peeta died saving Katniss by taking a knife sent by Brutus for her. And, Katniss died to save Prim. Then, with Prim in the last two with Brutus, Brutus killed her, and he was a Victor for the second time. The Capitol soon put a stop to the rebellion. Thus the games went on. District 1 Terry Luare: The catch for this Quarter Quell was announced by the president on T.V. last night. The reaping contestants are going to be out of the youngest family members of the families in the districts, but not over 19 years old. The Reaping Terry Luare: The reaping. I stand in a roped off section with all the other ten-year old's. There are lots of ten-year old's. But, there are less of the 18 year old's, lets say. Cherry Tess bounces up to the stage after the mayor makes his boring speech about the Dark Days. Cherry, with her cherry color dyed hair, magenta lipstick, magenta eye shadow, magenta blush, magenta skin color, magenta etc., brightly smiles at the occupants of District 1. She reaches for the microphone and goes, "Weeelcome to the oneee thooouusands Hunger Games, a Quarter Quell! So happy to be here, at Dissstricctt 1!" She jumps over to the girl's reaping bowl, 'majestically' swishes her hand about, and picks a random paper slip. Her eyes light up and her dimples show extravagantly. "And, the District 1 girl tribute is… Drum roll please!" She chuckles at her joke, but then it dissolves as she just sees people are mad at her creating suspension. "Ma-" "I volunteer! I VOLUNTEER!" I hear a 19 years old girl named Gem Beam shriek. Not because she feels bad for the Ma- girl, but because she is a career, and never could get in because other girls out volunteered her, so this is her last chance, as she is the youngest child in her family, and is 19. As the Careers are not usually the youngest in the family, she automatically becomes the District 1 girl tribute, since there are no other careers to volunteer. All her career friends from training applaud her. I recognize some of them from training. "Well, well, a volunteer! What is your name young lady?" "Gem Beam, Miss! Happy to be here! Thank you!" Gem obediently takes her place on the back of the stage and bounces on the balls of her feet to see her fellow, and possibly Career, partner. "Well, lets see the boy tribute!" Cherry strides over to the glass ball containing the boy's names. "Terry Luare!" I stand shocked. I pull myself up and hold my head straight, and try to look confident. I take the steps to the stage, those steps that most fear above all, besides the real Hunger Games arena. I've been reaped. "District 1, and the Capitol watching, I present your District 1 tributes for the 1000th annual Hunger Games, and Quarter Quuueellll!" Everyone claps, and some wolf-whistle at Susan, 'the hottie'. That's what she's called at school. That's her, shining golden hair, green sapphire eyes, and a seductive gleam in her eyes, already trying to win sponsors. She really fits her name, Gem. Well, she is in District 1. I see my mother crying. My father has trained me because he wants me to become a Career. But I just don't get it. Train to murder innocent people? So he's clapping because he knows I would've never volunteered but now I've been reaped. And, he forced my mother into marriage. I love her, and I'm their only child. So, shocker, I'm reaped. District 2 Roar Boese: The catch for this Quarter Quell was announced on T.V. last night. The reaping contestants are going to be out of the youngest family members of the families in the districts. So glad, I am the youngest in my family, plus it'll be so easy to win this year against a bunch of weenie little kids, though I'll miss the challenge. I've already told all the other careers I'm volunteering, and they agreed to let me. I bet all my millions of friends will miss me. The Reaping Roar Boese: The reaping'! If I don't get picked, I am so volunteering, plus no one better question my chances and volunteer for me. I'm the strongest in District 2, in all the Districts, in the Capitol too! In the whole of Panem! And don't even try to say 'what about girls,' girls are weak! They should just follow their places. I can't believe that some years' girls even won, let alone people from other Districts, let alone girls from other Districts! Only in District 2 can you get a real Career training, as we specialize in weapons here, and masonry, as I obviously show with my six-pack, brute strength, and great weapon skills, such as the way I use the sword, the way I can manipulate a spear, the way I can swing a bludgeon, the weights I can lift, the knives I can stab, etc. etc! I have my finger impatiently pricked and my blood wiped. Time to get in my 16 roped off area. It's roped off with golden fine sturdy rope. "They probably won't have half as good rope in the arena. Not that I'll need rope. I'll get along great with a balanced sword, knives are okay, spears are check, bludgeon would work fine with me, and would be easier to use to kill the older contestants." I see a girl staring at me as if I'm crazy. She has to be admiring how good looking' I am! I flash her a cocky grin filled with my sparkling white teeth. "You're talking to yourself. Plus you've got something' green stuck in-between your teeth." I hear an incomprehensible added murmur from her which sounds like loser, but it couldn't be so!? I look away embarrassed. How dare she embarrass me like that? Who does she think she is?! I get the lettuce out of my teeth with my tongue and face her again. "Hey, you'll be able to look me over closer once I get back. Very closer." I say with a wink. "I'm fine, no one wants to see any of that," she points at me. "Plus, you will not be coming back. And if you do, I don't date Careers. Simple as that," she states with a mocking sneer and a death-like wink. "We don't have to date, just get down to business." "No thanks, I'd rather not throw up." With that she turns around and starts talking to her friend. I recognize the friend. It's that wimpy poor girl I see at school. She's skinnier than a stick and her stomach is rumbling 24/7. It's very annoying. But, she is inseparable from her hottie friend. The Wimp has stringy black hair, dull brown eyes, and is as flat as a board, plus she's pretty short, like a midget. I bet she took out thousands of tesserae and is still starving. Well, her problem, I don't have the time to deal with people like her. She should not be so selfish with her food, I mean she gets enough, she lives in one of the wealthiest districts! The hottie has jet-black hair, electric blue eyes, and is curvy in all the right places, plus she's about my height. She won't be able to resist me once I win, no matter what she says. Well, Setiegar Tayto, the Capitol person, comes up with his jet-black (dyed) hair, purple eyes (dyed) and fake muscles (implanted). He welcomes us, blah, blah, and blah. "Just get on with the reaping!" I mutter to myself. Seems it wasn't too quiet. Several people around me stare at me. "Well, the girl tribute…" he reaches in, takes out a crumpled name, and smooths it out. "I volunteer!" I yell before he can yell the name out. I start striding toward the stage, ignoring people's expressions. People stare at me, shocked. What? I think. District 2 is full of Careers. Then I realize my mistake. Set starts cracking up and others give weak laughs. The Hottie is laughing in my face. She's stupid! I'm the soon to be Victor! "Are you a girl?" asks Set. I storm back to my spot. The Hottie is still cracking up. "Alannah Lafe!" I see Alannah's arms shaking. Her stick skinny body trembles a bit. I notice her ugly hair even more. Plus the brown blob birth mark on her ear. Easy competition. She's the wimp. She straightens her back and starts walking towards the stage, while fat tears mark her path. The hottie has definitely stopped laughing now, and abruptly. She clutches the wimp's arm. "Alannah! Stop! Stop! I volunteer! I volunteer!" The hottie walks up to the stage with an air of obviously fake confidence and Set asks her for her name. "Aileen Ari." So that's her name... "Wonderful! Please have a seat behind me!" Hottie sits obediently behind him in the girl-tribute seat, head held high. Wimpy is crying, bawling actually. Such a wimp. Well, boys turn. Set reaches in. He hasn't even taken it out when I yell, "I volunteer!" I stride proudly to the stage, over my past embarrassment. "Well, got it now, didn't you! What is your name?" I first seethe, then say proudly, "Roar Boese!" "Well, tributes, you may shake hands!" We shake hands, and the hottie digs her nails into my skin, wishing she could be closer to me. I send her a wink. District 3 Dee Sparks: The catch for this Quarter Quell was announced on T.V. last night. The reaping contestants are going to be out of the youngest family members of the families in the districts. I'm not surprised, as I came up with different possible Quarter Quell catches last month, and this was one of them, the tenth I came up with. Though I am heartbroken, as my twin brother and I are the youngest in the family. We were born at exactly the same time, exactly, not even a second's difference. Lucky that we are in District 3 and have good technology here to help with the birth. Plus, when father was alive he had a high-paying direct to Capitol job, that was dangerous, and got us good technology and doctors for the birth. But, people who aren't the youngest in a family can't volunteer, only the youngest in the family may volunteer. The Reaping Dee Sparks: "Dee! Wake up!" my mother knocks on my door and shouts. I hear her run down the hall and does the same to my brother's room. I hear a shout of, "Deon! Wake up!" We solemnly eat breakfast. My mother can't handle it anymore. She starts crying and hugs us both. "You're just so young!" cries mother. "Mom, mom, listen, there are thousands of other children, they can get chosen, we have about a 0.0000 repeating 1% each chance of getting picked!" I had actually figured that out also last month. We get nods, and my brother awkwardly pats her back, he isn't