Annabeth knew hunger, or at least she thought so. But now she learned there's a whole new level of hunger, or worse - something she was craving for - someone. Percy's room was a total mess. His backpack was thrown at one corner, books and papers scattered around it. The desk was hidden under piles of papers and letters from campers, his Goode High uniform on the back of his chair, collecting dust. The floor was a maze of clothing articles and cables, an abandoned Nintendo Wii remote tossed aside. The last sun rays illuminated the only neat place - the little cabinet next to his bed, where was his sword, now in the shape of a pen. Yet, Annabeth couldn't care less. She was focused on the tv screen in front of her since Discovery channel held a special about ancient architecture. Percy grumbled. Whenever he thought of Annabeth in his bed, he never imagined it to be like this. Sure, she was leaning on him, his arm around her shoulder and his cheek on her soft hair, but it was not what he had expected. Still, he enjoyed the warm afternoon. He loved this time of the day, when the sun beamed on her hair, making the golden locks even brighter, like a crown. He silently thanked Apollo for this. The one goddess he wasn't going to thank was Aphrodite. He grumbled again, this time louder. Annabeth hummed in return, still looking at the tv. "What's the matter, seaweed brain?" She asked, distracted. "Well, y'know, nothing much. Just you. In my bed… Watching Discovery channel." He replied, not bothering to hide his sarcasm. She finally raised her eyes to look at him, her eyebrows scrunched together in concern. "What's the problem with that?" She asked. Percy couldn't help but roll his eyes. She was his Wise Girl, but when it came to everyday stuff - like relationships - she was dense. He sighed. "When I asked you over for the weekend since my mom and Paul are in Montauk I didn't mean you'll spend the first afternoon watching this boring channel," Percy said with annoyance. Annabeth pointed at the screen. "This is not boring! It's the best special the channel had for a couple weeks!" She insisted, unable to understand Seaweed Brain's lack of interest. Sure, she knew she can be invested in these shows, but for gods' sake - they're speaking of ancient Athens, which should attract him as well. She leaned back, returning her gaze to the host, whom Percy found kind of irritating - how could she prefer the old geezer over him? Holy Hera, he was wearing a wig! It's not even his real hair! Percy considered his options - spending the rest of the weekend with him as her cushion and her staring at the tv, or do what he knows best - ruining her plans. He smiled to himself as he shifted slightly, stretching his arm and dropping it over her shoulder casually. She snuggled closer to him, and a wave of lemon scent washed over him, leaving him dazed for a moment as he took a deep breath. He inhaled deeply and coughed once, twice, three times. Annabeth didn't even react. Time for greater acts. Percy cursed himself for never paying attention whenever Dionysus' kids decided to run a small theater and hold a drama class for the campers. Still, he coughed again, this time, pulling his arm from her shoulder and folding his body in two. Annabeth looked at him at last. "Are you okay?" She asked him. He shook his head. "Don't know," he mumbled. "What? What is it?" She asked, concern written over her face. She knew he can't be hurt, but maybe the Achilles blessing couldn't protect him from catching a cold or something like that. "Can't… Breathe…" Percy whispered. He stretched his hand out, reaching for her. She dropped the tv remote on the blanket, placing her hand on his shoulders. Suddenly, he sat straight, a victorious smile on his face. She looked at him with surprise as he clicked a button and sat back when he found a crappy action movie. Annabeth glared at him. "Wait a minute," she said finally, her voice hard. "You were faking it… For the sake of the tv?" She asked him, her arms crossed over her chest. Looking at her, Percy fought the urge to wince, realizing he's in troubles. Instead, he just shrugged. "If you refuse to do anything but watching television, might as well pick a decent movie," he told her, patting the spot next to him where she sat before. She kept her stern look steady. "That was dirty," she told him. Percy raised his eyebrows. "What? Everything's fair in love and war, no?" He told her with a smirk. Annabeth sighed. "It's all is fair, Seaweed Brain," she said. "Same." "No, it's not. Now give me the remote." "Nope." "What? Come on, don't be childish!" Annabeth told him, getting annoyed. Percy pouted. "Make me," he replied. She rolled her eyes, not moving a bit. "Percy, this is stupid. Just give it back already," she said, keeping an open hand in front of him. He looked at her hand, then back at her stormy eyes. "Make me," he said again, a devilish smirk spreading on his face. "I bet you can't take it." She stiffened. She can't ignore a challenge - not only she's a demigod, who are always on the hunt for challenges, she's a daughter of Athena. What would her mother say if she saw her denying such a silly challenge, giving up before she even tried? She rolled her eyes again, clearly unimpressed. At last, she jumped on him, reaching to take the remote. Percy laughed, raising it over her head and pulling her close to him with his other arm. She couldn't hold back the smile that grew on her lips. Percy clicked another button and the noise of the movie was cut. Then, he threw it on the floor, next to one of his dirty Camp t-shirt. "How about we skip the tv for now?" He asked her, looking at her gray eyes. He was familiar with them, so familiar he could tell you exactly what they looked like whenever she was angry, the grey catches a dark shade, like an upcoming storm, or when she was laughing, and it shined softly, like the shade if the sky right before the first rays of sun break the night. He could count the flecks of silver and trace the thin line that was the border of her iris. Right now, the gray was soft. He brushed a piece of hair behind her ear, taking a deep breath of her lemon scent. She leaned in, brushing her lips against his. "So… Yes?" Percy asked her. She laughed lightly, nodding. "I could use a time out," she told him. He pulled her close, kissing her again, this time harder. His hands were on her hips, trailing circles that made her shiver under her thin t-shirt. She raised her hands, wrapping one arm around his neck, the other one in his hair. She caressed his soft, dark hair, keeping her forehead against his as she looked in his eyes, admiring their deep, bright green color, before she closed her eyes again, kissing him back. Annabeth knew hunger, or at least she thought so. Wandering in the streets with Luke and Thalia, she had food, but never enough. Whenever she went on a quest with Percy, she'd realize how hungry she is once she stepped back in Camp. She was familiar with the emptiness in her stomach and with the side effects, like dizziness and nerves. She lived with hunger, being a daughter of Athena who constantly looked for new things to learn. She was hungry to see the world, to read new books, to solve mysteries. She could feel her hunger grows when she opened the laptop she got from Daedalus or when she walked into a book shop or a library or when she watched Discovery channel. But recently she had learned there's a whole new level of hunger, or worse - something she was craving for - someone. He held her tighter, her chest against his. He wondered if she could feel his heartbeat in her body or are they beating together. He liked to think that his Achilles spot makes their connection stronger, physical, making their relationship even deeper. Ever since he took that bath in the river Styx he was extremely sensitive wherever Annabeth touched him. Percy was never a person of clichés, but he finally understood what people mean when they say that someone's touch felt like fire. Annabeth's touch made him feel like he's burning, and he felt her in every nerve in his body. He felt her lips part under his and her tongue sliding against his, sending a tremble through his body. He returned her kiss desperately, and when she let go, her lungs crying for air, he moved his lips on her jawline, leaving a trail of kisses from the corner of her full lips to her neck, sucking and biting. Annabeth rolled her head back, exposing her neck even more, leaving Percy a clear path. Her hands reached down, tugging at his shirt. He let his lips leave her warm skin just for a moment, helping her to take his shirt off, tossing it on the bed. Then he gripped her hips, turning her so she was on her back and he's hunched over her, the devilish spark once again in his eyes. She let out a laugh, laughing against his lips when his breath collided with hers. She felt one of his hands under her shirt, drawing circles on her stomach. He smiled into their kiss when he felt the goosebumps she got from his touch. Percy didn't have soft hands. His skin was callous, covered with scars. His fingers were used mostly for fighting, clenching his bronze sword rather than a gentle body. But then again, her body wasn't all softness either - she was marked by fights and monsters, and where other girls had plenty of curves, she had mostly muscles. Still, Percy's touch was perfect against her rough body. She was made of iron, but he made her soft and warm and gods, she never felt as beautiful as she felt when he looked her, his eyes clouded with desire and temptation and whispered her name in her ear, his shaky, warm breath making her shudder with anticipation. "Percy…" She heard herself whisper when he blew warm air on her collarbone and felt his smile brush when she held tighter on him, trying to make her feel her need, the uncontrollable hunger. Then he raised his head, a smirk at the corners of his mouth as he watched her bite her bottom lip to stop the voice of protest in her throat as he left her body. But then he lowered his head again, using one hand to raise her shirt over her stomach, his other hand still making lazy circles on her hips. She was paralyzed as he kissed her hip bone, then left a fiery trail from the line of her jeans to the bottom of her bra. She had to cover her mouth to stifle the voices of pleasure and greed that threatened to escape her mouth. Percy raised a curious glance at her flushed face, and she knew what he wants - the thing she needs. So she pulled him into a slow, gentle kiss, just her swollen lips against his needy lips, before she took her shirt over her head, catching a glimpse of his face - filled with shock and surprise, but also joy and desire. It surprised her to see he's still got caught off guard whenever they progressed, as they shared a few steamy moments where they both let loose a little and