Dumbledore stared at the wall of the cave intensely as if it held some fascinating message. Finally, after two minutes of silence, he spoke suddenly, making Harry jump. "Oh, surely not. So crude." "What is it, Professor?" "I rather think that we are required to make payment to pass." "Payment?" said Harry. "You've got to give the door something?" "Yes." Said Dumbledore. "An offering from your body." "Blood?" Harry exclaimed, recoiling. "Perhaps…but I think Voldemort may have wanted to make it a bit more interesting…" Dumbledore turned to look at Harry, letting his eyes flick suggestively down to his crotch. Harry's eyes widened in disbelief. "No way," He breathed. Dumbledore nodded slowly, tapping his lips with one long finger and peering at the door again. "Yes, I don't believe there's any way around it. One of us must make the offering." Harry squirmed in discomfort. He didn't see any way that this was not going to be extremely awkward. Dumbledore glanced at Harry's beet red face. "If you like, Harry, you may go around the corner and wait. I will make the offering and call you when the door is open." Part of Harry very much wanted to retreat and wait until this part of the journey was over. But then he looked at Dumbledore, so willing to make the offering and he felt like a coward. He took a deep breath and straightened his back. "No, Professor. You said once that my blood was worth more than yours. It's stands to reason that my…er… essence …would be worth more too, doesn't it?" Dumbledore watched him quietly for a moment before nodding. "Then I should make the offering. You can…er…wait around the corner. It shouldn't be too long." After all he was a teenage boy. He should be able to beat one out within a few minutes. "Are you sure, Harry? There's no need for you to put yourself through this if you would rather not." Harry steeled himself and looked at the stone wall. "I'm sure. I can do it. I want to." Dumbledore hesitated a moment, then nodded. "Alright. I'll wait, then. Call me when you've finished." The older man moved away down the passage way, leaving Harry and his rocky conquest alone. Harry sighed. What have you gotten yourself into, now? Figuring he might as well get on with it, he unfastened his robes and let them slip to the ground, leaning him in his pants and shirt. He glanced over his shoulder to make sure that Dumbledore was indeed out of sight, and then undid his fly and let his pants slide down around his ankles. The cool breeze raised goose bumps on his thighs and did absolutely nothing for his libido. He shuffled closer to the stone wall and closed his eyes. Ok…Ginny naked…just finished a Quidditch match…heading to the showers…water dripping off of her body…soap glistening on her tits… Harry squeezed his mostly soft member through his undershorts, willing it to harden. Then…Cho comes in…the other showers aren't working so she asks is she was share with Ginny…they wash each other's hair…then Ginny's hands start to wander. Over Cho's chest…she bends over and starts sucking on Cho's nipples… Harry was semi-hard by this point, his cock automatically responding to the stimulation, but the gentle lapping of the water against the rock and the hollow echoes of unseen drips in the cave kept bringing Harry back to where he was and what he was trying to do. Frustrated, he reached into his shorts and pulled out his cock. He began to gently stroke himself. You're horny…you want this…come on, Harry… He rested his forehead against the cool stone, trying to force himself to be turned on. So deep was his concentration that he didn't hear the footsteps approaching. He jumped when warm hands slid across his hips. He tried to turn around, but the hands held him fast. "Relax, Harry," Dumbledore murmured in his ear. "Perhaps I can help." "P-professor, you shouldn't…this is…" Harry's face blazed with shock and embarrassment but he was surprised that his cock began to harden faster at the Headmaster's touch. "…if you can't do this, you can go wait while I do. There's no need for you to put yourself through trauma." Harry's jaw clenched in indignation. If there was anything he could do, it was this . "Maybe I…maybe I just…need some help…?" his voice was barely audible, but Dumbledore chuckled, his voice low and deep. "I'm happy to help you in any way I can, Harry," Dumbledore stepped closer so that his front pressed into Harry's back. Harry leaned back into his teacher's delicious warmth. Dumbledore slipped his smooth, surprisingly strong hands around Harry's waist. "Just relax." He breathed softly into the boy's ear and wrapped his hand around Harry's dick. Harry bit down on his bottom lip. He didn't know what he had been trying to fabricate earlier, but this is what horny felt like. He was astonished by his own reaction, but as Dumbledore began to slowly slide his hand down Harry's shaft, Harry's eyelids fluttered shut in bliss. Dumbledore squeezed gently, gliding his hand up and down ever so slowly. He squeezed a bit harder, just under Harry's pink, swollen head. He was rewarded with a bead of pre-cum. He caught it on the pointer finger of his free hand and brought it up to his lips. "Mmm," he moaned in Harry's ear. "You taste delicious, Harry." Harry shuddered at the wanton words from the Headmaster's mouth. Dumbledore's free hand came back down again, finding Harry's smooth, round balls. He squeezed them gently in his hand, the tips of his fingers tickling that sensitive spot just behind them. Harry moved his hips slowly, fucking in and out of Dumbledore's hand. As he did he began to notice a distinct hardness behind him, and it was far too thick to be the Headmaster's wand. Emboldened by Dumbledore's hands on his body, Harry reached behind himself and found the hardness in the professor's robes. Dumbledore let out a little grunt as Harry gripped his dick. "Oh, Professor…" Harry whispered, marveling at the size of Dumbledore's cock. He was no small fry himself; his dick was at least eight inches, and fairly thick. But Dumbledore's dick was so big, Harry struggled to get his hand all the way around it. Pure lust flowed through him and he began to dig in the Headmaster's robes until he found the button of his fly. With fumbling fingers, Harry undid Dumbledore's pants and dove underneath, seeking his prize. His hand finally found the hot, smooth skin of Dumbledore's bare cock, and he squeezed. Dumbledore's breath hitched and he thrust into Harry's hand. "Professor, it's…huge!" He breathed. Dumbledore chuckled. "I may have been blessed with some endowments, yes. But for certain tasks, it is almost ill suited." "What do you mean, Professor?" Dumbledore bit down on his bottom lip as Harry's hands continued to rub his stiff dick. Keeping one hand in a steady rhythm on Harry's cock, he used his other to bend Harry forward slightly so he leaned fully against the rock. He gently tugged Harry's undershorts down, exposing his pale, round ass. Dumbledore's mouth watered. He ran his hand through Harry's disheveled hair, then along his jawbone, running his thumb over Harry's full lips. Willing and excited, Harry parted his lips for the Headmaster's finger, and sucked eagerly on it. Dumbledore shuddered as the boy swirled his tongue around his thumb. He tried not to think about what that mouth would feel like on his dick, lest he send himself over the edge. Far too soon, he removed his finger from the boy's hungry mouth. Harry began to protest, but then Dumbledore slid his now wet thumb slowly between Harry's ass cheeks and Harry forgot how to breathe. Dumbledore slipped his finger between the round globes of Harry's ass until it found the warm depression of his asshole. Harry gasped. Dumbledore began to rub Harry's hole in small circles, jerking his cock harder. Harry shuddered and had to remove his hands from Dumbledore's dick to hold himself up as his legs shook with pleasure. "Oh, Professor…oh yes…oh fuck… " he exclaimed as Dumbledore placed the slender tip of his finger against Harry's hole and pushed. His finger slipped in an inch and Harry pressed back against it, reveling in the amazing new feeling. Dumbledore groaned. Who knew the boy who lived was so cock-hungry? He wished more than anything he could feel the boy's ass, split apart by his dick. But this wasn't about him right now. He leaned forward against the younger boy's body and slid the length of his dick against Harry's ass cheek. He began a gentle but steady pace of fucking his thumb in and out of Harry's ass, while he stroked the boys cock and ground himself against him at the same time. "You can imagine, Harry," he panted in the boy's ear. "-how much more… intense it would be were I to use this-" he thrust his cock hard against Harry in demonstration. "-instead of my finger." Harry's eyes popped open at the thought. He couldn't even imagine that monster cock sliding into his ass. He would be ripped in two. At the same time, it was probably the hottest thing he had ever imagined. He fucked harder into Dumbledore's hand, pressing back on his finger. "Oh, Professor Dumbledore…but I want it, sir…I want your cock in my ass…" Dumbledore's blood boiled and he ground hard against Harry's, shuddering. "You don't know what you're saying, my boy," He warned. He'd been with groan men, seasoned cum dumpsters, who hadn't been able to take his full dick. There was no way this small boy could. But his eagerness was so hot, Dumbledore was almost tempted to try. He removed his thumb from Harry's ass, much to Harry's disappointment. But Dumbledore simply spat on his hand and spread his saliva over Harry's hole before pressing his middle and ring fingers against it. Harry gasped and pushed back, spreading his cheeks wide for the welcome invaders. He groaned, half in discomfort, half in ecstasy as the fingers popped inside his virgin hole.] "Oh my God, Professor…Ah!" Harry cried out as Dumbledore thrust hard with his fingers, sinking them in up to the second knuckle. He flicked them back and forth against Harry's prostate and Harry saw stars. He moaned wildly, bucking back against the fingers inside him. "How does that feel, Harry?" "Yes! Oh my God, it feels so good, Professor!" Dumbledore slipped his cock between Harry's thighs, letting the friction of the boy's legs provide him some relief. Inside Harry's ass, he gently pulled his fingers apart, stretching the boy's hole. Harry gave a sharp intake of breath, clutching the rock for support. "What about that? Tell me how it feels." "It feels…oh…full…it feels really…" Harry struggled for words, his mind warring between wanting more and wishing his Headmaster would stop. Dumbledore knew the feeling well, and leaned forward to kiss Harry's neck. Harry tilted his head to grant him better access and Dumbledore ran his tongue up the boy's throat to his ear. "Mmm…so if this is too much…you really think you could take me?" Harry's face fell and Dumbledore chuckled. "Let's just focus on the task at hand for now, shall we? You have an offering to make." Dumbledore resumed rubbing Harry's prostate, while he squeezed is dick harder and began to jerk it faster. Harry cried out loudly, clinging to the rock for dear life. It felt so good…he wanted it to go on forever, but he knew he couldn't last much longer. Already his balls were beginning to tighten. Dumbledore knew it wouldn't be long now. But even though this wasn't about him, he couldn't deny himself one thing…something he'd been dreaming about for a long time. Quickly, he withdrew his fingers from Harry's ass and dropped to his knees. He