Author's note: The first few chapters will be similar to Catching Fire's, so there might be some minor spoilers. Legal disclaimer for the entire story: The Hunger Games doesn't belong to me, and I don't do this for profit. Chapter 1: Six months had passed since they returned home from the Hunger games. Katniss spent most of her time with her family, trying to put the past year behind her. It was not easy, least of all while moving into their new house in the victor village. They had brought most of their possessions over from their old one, even the couch, a couch got better with age her mother said. It had been the first furniture her parents bought. The new house was bigger than the previous one, everything they owned could be comfortably stored in one of the three floors. Spreading things out just made it worse. Beyond a few questions from her family the first few days, she had yet to talk to anyone about the games. There had been a big party when they first stepped out from the train, to celebrate their homecoming, their survival. But the enthusiasm had not been heartfelt, as the next years games were already clouding their thoughts. Having a victor had both negative and positive aspects. Katniss lifted her head up and stared out the window. She was sitting in her old bedroom. It was snowing heavily, forcing her to spend most of her time inside the house. She saw Prim sitting cross-legged over by the fireplace, staring into the flames. She had been doing that a lot since the end of the Hunger games, and Katniss often spotted Prim sitting quietly in a corner, alone with her thoughts, not really seeing anything. The energetic little girl Katniss had left seemed lost to them, Katniss closed her eyes briefly. When she opened them she was suddenly face to face with Prim. Katniss flinched, then attempted to cover it up with a hand movement as she reached out to touch Prim's hair. Prim frowned at her, Katniss smiled back. "You're leaving again today," Prim said, her blue eyes never leaving Katniss's. Katniss pulled her hand back, and stood up. "Yeah, but only for a little while." An empty promise, she had angered the capitol. Her fate was in their hands now, and they were not known for their mercy. They stared at each other in silence. "I will be right back," Prim said, and left the room quickly. Katniss stared after her with a sad smile, her mother had kept up her end of the agreement. She had been a better mother to Prim than she ever was to Katniss. She had brought Prim further into her practice, and allowed her to care for some patients on her own. Katniss looked out the window again, and spotted children playing in the snow. She wished that Prim would go and join them, to be a child for once. Footsteps came from behind her and she turned around to see who it was. "Mother." "It's time." Her mother said simply, her eyes clouded. Katniss took a deep breath and nodded. She crossed the room and came to a halt before her mother. "Be safe." "Remember your promise." Katniss responded. Her mother nodded, yet kept blocking her way. It wasn't until Katniss gave a tiny nod that she moved away from the doorway, allowing Katniss to pass. Prim was waiting in the hallway, clutching Buttercup to her chest. She let him go as soon as she spotted her. The cat hissed at Katniss, and she hissed back. It was such an ugly cat. Katniss smiled at Prim and reached over and pulled her in for a hug. Prim's small arm reached around her and clutched at her back. She was always so warm, like Peeta. "Katniss," Prim mumbled against Katniss's shirt. "Yes, little duck?" Katniss murmured back. "Come back soon," Prim looked up at her. "Always," Katniss said firmly looking right back at her. They embraced for a few more seconds, until the noises coming from the outside became too loud to ignore. She gently pried Prim's arms away from her, Prim only fought her a little. Katniss smiled softly, Prim had always been the smart one. Once free she grabbed her coat quickly and stepped outside. She was met by two peacekeepers, none of which she had met before. They must have been specifically chosen for the victory tour. She started walking, and didn't look back as the door clicked shut behind her. She looked around for Peeta, but she couldn't see him anywhere. She glanced toward his house, he was her nearest neighbour. There was no lights turned on inside, and the outside lantern was unlit. So he had left before her. One of the peacekeepers turned toward her, and she glared at him. She sped up, her feet kicking up snow as she walked. Forcing the peacekeepers to hurry to keep up with her. She looked around for the children that she had seen playing earlier, but she didn't see them anywhere. They walked through the main street, through the heart of the town. There was no one outside, no one there to say goodbye. They were probably just inside, staring out from behind the curtains. She was cold, the wind brushed around her body. Katniss held her head high, and stared straight ahead as she walked on. It didn't take long until they reached the train station, and she could clearly spot the shiny train at the tracks. Like everything else from the capitol, it contrasted completely from its current surroundings. Usually this train only arrived once a year, to choose the tributes, and then bring them to the capitol. But this year was different, they had won. The citizens of district 12 would see a lot more of it this year. The two peacekeepers stopped before the train. She walked ahead. When she was almost at the door, it opened, and she could see more peacekeepers inside. She entered the train and walked past them, staring each of them into the eyes, daring them to stare back. None of them did, they all stared forward, their dead eyes seeing nothing. The door closed behind her with a hollow sound, she kept on walking. She reached the door leading to the dining car; and peeked through the window in the door, she saw Haymitch and Peeta sitting by the table. Effie was nowhere to be seen. Katniss focused her eyes on Peeta. She had not seen him for weeks, and not spoken to him for months. He seemed healthier now, and had recovered some of the weight he lost during the games. His cheeks had regained their colour. Her heart beat faster. She shook her head slightly, trying to clear her mind. Katniss stepped into the car, and could feel both pair of eyes focus on her. She sent a glare in their direction, but did not linger. She walked briskly past them, and into the next car. The sleeping car, she was moving so fast that she almost collided with Effie, who exited a room right in front of her. "There you are. We have been waiting for you," she said enthusiastically, with only a hint of irritation in her voice. "Yes," Katniss said and moved around Effie. Katniss was already in a foul mood, and was still angry at her from the last games. "The rooms are exactly like last time, I trust you can find yours." Effie called after her. Katniss did not answer; she had already reached it, and quickly slipped inside. Once inside the compartment she fell down at the bed, she closed her eyes, and willed the world to disappear around her. She stayed in her room for hours; the train started moving a few hours in, she spent most of the time gazing out at the landscape. Beyond the electric fence, district 12 was beautiful. Katniss started to pace back and forth inside the room, whenever she stopped she always seemed to be facing the door, and sometimes she even took a step towards it, before she stopped abruptly, turned and started to pace the room again. This was her room, she could stay here forever, watching life fly by outside. By the time she found the guts to leave, her entire body had started to tingle. She took one last look out the window before she moved out the door, what she wouldn't give to be out there instead of in here. When she arrived to the dining car only Haymitch was there, which caused her to halt for a split second, her resolve weakening. But she pressed on, this wasn't Peeta. She had done nothing bad to this man, not yet anyway. Her feet led her to the couch, and she sat down lightly. She sat across from Haymitch, the table separating them. "Where is Peeta?" she asked quickly, having already grown tired of the silence. "He went to his room," he answered, giving her a look. "What?" she snapped. He chuckled but did not respond. She looked around; dinner was out on the table. She touched her stomach gently, she had not eaten since breakfast, and would need all the energy she could get, but did not really have the appetite. So instead she leaned back into the couch and stared past Haymitch, and out of the window behind him. She wondered if Gale had gotten anything on his hunting trip. She hoped he had, he was going to need it. There was noise coming from the adjacent car, and soon also approaching footsteps. She kept her eyes on the window, but her focus was on listening to the footsteps. She glanced towards the sleeping car, and could see a male face appear in the window. It was Peeta. He slipped inside; Effie right behind him. Peeta was limping, but it was better than the last time she saw him, now it was barely noticeable. Peeta kept his eyes on them as he came closer, but gave no visual reaction to their presence. "Hey," he said towards Katniss, she could feel the couch move as his weight settled on it. "Hey," she responded, doing her best not to wince as her memories from their last interaction came crashing forwards. It had not been her proudest moment. Effie had remained standing, even though there was a free chair directly in front of her. She had a new wig on, it was green, with wild orange highlights. Effie pressed her hands together and started to speak. "Welcome back," Effie said with some enthusiasm. Katniss hated this about her, could she not read the mood? She was talking to a drunk and two teenagers, none of them appreciated the enthusiasm. Effie continued, "I am so happy to see you all again! And for such a great occasion, the winner's tour!" She went on to explain the logistics of the tour. All of which Katniss knew already. The winner's tour, like the Hunger Games was required viewing for all the residents of district 12. Effie finally stopped speaking, and stared at them with proud eyes. Katniss narrowed her eyes at her, Peeta was leaning forwards looking at a spot on the floor in front of them. Effie laughed weakly, then clapped her hands together and started to speak again. Peeta cut her off before she could get started, "Can we write our own speech?" He asked. Katniss could see Effie falter. She glanced at Haymitch, but quickly turned back as she noticed that Haymitch had fallen asleep. He was snoring quietly. "You can, but it would be easier for everyone if you just followed the speeches already written. We would not want to offend anyone." Effie glanced in Katniss's direction. Katniss took it as a compliment. Peeta gave Effie a dazzling smile, and said, "Of course." "Great," Effie said, and once more clapped her