WARNING - EVERDAIR - WARNING If you're reading past the warning, then enjoy! ;) "Hold Up" By Katniss-Odair-the-Mockingjay Total Word Count: 5,038 Genres: Romance/Friendship Hold Up: All I wanted was to fix my bank statement, and I certainly never asked to be kidnapped, bound and gagged. Who knew that I would find love because of a bank hold up? Certainly not me... I grumble, completely annoyed, even though it really isn't Ms. Trinket's fault. I just pretend that it is so that I feel better about myself. She's trying her best to help me sort out an issue with my bank statement so I ought to feel better, considering I won't have to worry about it later, but I can't. All I can think of is that I could be catching up on sleep on this nice, happy Saturday, but I'm in this stuffy bank instead after a week of teaching a bunch of middle school kids that completely butcher music, the passion of my life. "Is that fine with you, Miss Everdeen?" Effie Trinket asks. "Yeah, sure, fine, whatever," I shrug, trying to get this over and done with. "I don't care. Let me sign whatever you want." Ms. Trinket raises a brow. "Are you sure that you don't want to read the paperwork first?" Groaning, I shake my head. "No, I'm fine – I honestly don't care." I sign the paper hastily, shoving them back in Ms. Trinket's hands and walking out of the consulting cubicle quickly. "Thanks," I say as I head to the front of the bank once more where people are depositing and withdrawing money from little screens. Walking toward the door, I almost get bulldozed by a group of people wearing black ski masks. What… Is… Going… On… Last time I checked, today isn't Halloween or anything. A man with broad shoulders, a slim frame, and toned muscles presses a gun to my head, and I hear something click as my breath catches at the back of my throat. These guys move quickly; another man goes, waving his gun around and demanding people's wallets. There are so many of them, and I, along with the rest of the people in the bank, find myself to be helpless. The man at my side takes my arm roughly, the gun never leaving the side of my head. The leader of the group, holding a bag of wallets and money, begins to walk out the front door again. He speaks with a husky voice that can't be his regular one, "Take the girl; she'll be our insurance. We'll split up and meet at the point." The man that's detaining me gives a firm nod before glancing at me for a second. I can see that his eyes are a beautiful sea green color, and he just drags me along with his gun in hand. "C'mon," he commands roughly. I'm mesmerized by his eyes that I don't realize that I'm essentially being kidnapped. An older man tries to reach out to me before another of those masked men smacks him with a gun. My eyes widen with horror, snapping back to reality as the old man sinks to the floor on his knees. I'm terrified as I'm blindfolded and thrown in a car or vehicle. I desperately try to get the blindfold off my eyes before a man comes and ties my hands too. "Listen to me," he says gruffly. "I'm sorry for taking you, but we're going to have to go. We need you as insurance." "I heard that," I reply bitterly. "But I didn't ask for this. All I wanted was to fix my messed up bank statement, not be a part of a bank hold up organized by a bunch of guys wearing masks and carrying guns." The man chuckles dryly. "Well, sorry about that, kitten. Looks like you're stuck with us for a while now." "Don't call me that," I snap back. "Gee, kitten. You can retract your claws now," the man seems amused at me. I growl at the back of my throat, imagining his beautiful sea green eyes. "Just leave me alone." I command, letting resentment slip into my tone. "Well, alright, kitten," the man says, and I imagine him shrugging at me. All I can see is black, and I'm engulfed in the darkness. It terrifies me; I've always enjoyed being in control, and my control has been stripped away from me. I'm now at the mercy of this terrifying man with a mask and the most beautiful sea green eyes I've ever seen. We sit in the car in icy silence as we drive. There's no one else with us, if I'm guessing correctly. The leader had told the man driving me to take me to the point; he had also said that they were splitting up. Did that mean they were splitting up the money too to meet up again later? Or was the money all in one place? Thinking and musing to myself, I try to come up with a good reason as to why this is happening, especially to me. What have I even done? Why is it me? I'm just a middle school music teacher who's struggling to make ends meet while getting her master's degree. Either way, I have to figure out a way to get out of here. I'm sitting shotgun so it'll be hard to try to untangle those knots that tie my hands together behind my back since he can see me. There's nothing I can do about my blindfold either. Looks like I'm stuck. As though he read my mind, the man chuckles. "Sorry, kitty. You won't get very far trying to undo those knots. Considering the fact that I tied them, it'll be pretty much impossible. I'm a whiz when it comes to knots – The ones I used on you are some I made up recently, and even the boss can't untie 'em." "Where are you taking me?" I question through gritted teeth, shifting in my seat. "You'll see, I suppose – Or maybe you won't. I may not be able to take off your blindfold, but maybe I will," the man replies. "Do you have a name?" I question. The man laughs; it's strong and hearty – it's almost comforting to a degree and reminds me of my father's laugh. "Of course I have a name, kitten. You just don't need to know it." "What if I want to know it?" I retort. "Well, kitten, I guess you'll just have to go without," the man chuckles. "Fine, fish boy," I respond, shrugging in my seat. Thank God he hadn't put a gag on me. I would have been annoyed. "What'd you call me?" the man asks, laughing. He finds this amusing? Well, I suppose he would. I'm just a joke to him. Forgetting that he can't see me, I roll my eyes. "Fish boy." "Do I look like a fish to you?" he questions. I then find myself rolling my eyes again, this time at his obvious lack of intellect. "Can you remember that I can't see you? I'm wearing a freaking blindfold. Besides, when you were holding a gun to my head, you were wearing a ski mask. You probably are now too." "You're pretty perceptive, aren't you, kitten?" fish boy responds. "That's what I've been told," I shrug, leaning against the door. My wrists are beginning to feel sore and chaffed. Great. The man clears his throat, and I can hear him drumming his fingers on the steering wheel. I've discovered that my senses have been sharpened with the loss of my sight. "Listen, kitten. We're gonna be making a stop pretty soon." "Have we gotten to the point yet?" I question dryly. "Not yet, kitty," fish boy replies. "But we're gonna be making a stop anyways. You promise you won't scream when we do? Because I don't want to have to gag you too if I don't have to. You're pretty good company, and these heists can be extremely lonely, believe it or not." "I'm sure," I reply; I can't stop that bitterness from tainting my words either. Fish boy sighs, "Will you keep it down?" he asks. "Fine, fine, fine," I say quickly. I won't let that dude put a gag on me either. I want my right to speak even though fish boy has temporarily taken my ability to see. I hear the car door open. "Alright, kitty. I'm gonna be right back." Sitting alone in my darkness, I find myself waiting impatiently for fish boy to get back in the car, hating the silence that has taken over again. I hum softly to myself the song I'm trying to teach one of my 7th and 8th grade choruses. It's called "The Hanging Tree." I have to admit – it's a bit dark to be teaching to a bunch of thirteen and fourteen year olds, but I choose to do it because it has a haunting melody that's really beautiful with harmony. The car door opens again after about ten minutes. "Sorry, kitten. I just had to take a few more precautions." "What'd you do?" I question. "I'm kinda not supposed to say," fish boy responds. I grumble. "Fine, fine, fine," he says. "I guess since you stayed silent the whole time I can count on you not spilling anything. I was switching our license plate with someone else's. I also got a decent stash back there, but I wanted to get a new one just to be safe." "You were switching the license plate of this car?" I question flatly. "Yup," fish boy responds. "That's the life of a criminal like me, kitty. The life of someone who has no other choice. This is just what I have to do – listen to the boss and be a criminal. I know you must hate us, but not all of us are trying to be evil. It's just what we have to do to put food on the table or protect our families." "Which is it then?" I question. "Are you doing it to put food on the table or to protect your family?" The man's voice darkens. "I don't want to talk about this anymore, kitten." "Then can you put on the radio?" I ask, not wanting to get him upset at me. "What?" "Put on the radio," I repeat. "Why?" What is wrong with him? Music is everything. "Because music is everything," I respond. Fish boy chuckles wryly. "No, it isn't. Music isn't gonna put food on your table. Music isn't gonna protect your family. Music is just about as good as a rainbow or some hair bows. At least rainbows give you tips about the weather." My heart nearly stops. "No! Music is something that can help you deal with your problems. Music makes me feel happy and relaxed." "Listen, kitty, music isn't gonna make your life better. It's just music. Music isn't anything important," he snaps. "Then if it isn't important, why don't you put it on? It won't mess up your little robbery scheme so I might as well get a little bit of happiness before you thieves throw me in a cellar for the rest of my life," I retort, glaring at him, even though he can't see it through my blindfold. I just imagine he can – it gives me satisfaction." Fish boy snorts. "Well, you don't have a pretty nice picture of us so far." "How can I? I've only seen you guys when you were robbing a bunch of innocent people at a bank," I respond. "And what did you guys do? Oh, yeah – You kidnapped a twenty four year old music teacher, and some other guy knocked out an old man with his gun. Then you practically scared a bunch of people to death while taking their life savings." Fish boy is silent for a bit before speaking again. "You're a music