A/N: The elvish is purposefully butchered. Please forgive Paladin's…unusual lack of knowledge, he just isn't familiar with Middle Earth history... Takes places in an alternative history or extended Fourth Age (1500 vs only a few hundred) with its societal, cultural, and technological consequences. However, it tries to remain mostly canon compliant beyond that. Chapter 1: The Rich Hermit and the Hooded Man 000 Village, small towns, and cities all had one thing in common: sheep. Ithil Eden was no exception to this dreadful rule, or perhaps it was just chance that he had found work at the very inn where all the shepherds got drunk. When Paladin Longfoot had left home last autumn, he thought that moving to the great city of Ithil Eden would bring with it a life of excitement, of adventure. Like in the old stories: where the hero, Samwise the Great, brought down the Dark Lord upon his Dark Throne; or where Peregrin Took rallied the forces of Gondor; or when Merry slayed the Witch King and his dragon, Smaug. Cobby's tales had made it sound like Rivendell, the Golden Hall, or the Lonely Mountain—places where grand adventures were bound to happen. He called its walls 'pristine'. He claimed that the streets were paved with silver stones and that the Fountain of the Moon sparkled with a mystical, faery light. But when Paladin had arrived eight months ago, Ithil Eden wasn't what he expected. Its pearl-white walls were darkened by filth and soot. The cobble streets and paving stones were silver only when it rained. The city's legendary Fountain was little more than a water-stained pool built by the hands of men, not the Elves who had once dwelled in the forests of Ithilien. Ithil Eden's splendor was about as real as his luck. If he had any, he would certainly not be here, working in this tiny, tidy tavern that could barely be called an inn. The Red Peony only had one spare room, the others belong to Master Cerion and his kin, none of whom were actually here at the moment. The Mistress was out, buying some goods; their two boys were at school at this time of day, while Master Cerion was speaking with the blacksmith about new hinges for the door and new shoes for the old draft horse. He'd given Paladin a frown, a nod, and a sigh before leaving. The man saw this little place as his precious gem, despite the drafty boards, the worn tables, and the awful, tedious talk about sheep and goats. Paladin did not understand, but comprehending the ways of shepherds or men had never been his forte. Only two of the Big Folk were in the Red Peony at the moment, sitting across from each other at a small table in the back of the inn. The worst table, in fact. While the others were worn, this table was scratched and nicked and scratched inside its nicks. It wobbled each time either man moved. Yet, like the others, it had a vase with a single red peony cut from the flower bushes in front of the tavern. Those flowers were a little piece of beauty that made this old, rundown inn feel a little more like home. Oh goodness , he thought, that's my sister speaking. Paladin only recognized one of the two men; Goodman Dorr dressed in a once-fine lavender coat and white, silk shirt. At his neck he wore one of those new, fluffy cravats that were popular with men with too much money but no nobility. Dorr stared at his empty, wooden mug, his shoulders slouched and his rotund face haggard and pale. That's not a sight for sore eyes. Dorr deserves whatever misfortune has fallen upon his gray head, Paladin thought as he studied the odd pair. Dorr's companion caught his eyes, and gestured at Paladin with his pipe, pointing at the keg of ale behind the bar. Paladin poured two square mugs of ale, picking up on their conversation as he weaved through the tables on his way to the two men. "Another's gone, these wolves are the worst I've seen in five years." Dorr shook his head, then squeezed the handle of his mug. He stared at his mug, his eyes as empty as its contents, no doubt. "No, ten." "And how many have you lost, Master Dorr?" The thin, gray haired man asked, though, Paladin wondered why Dorr would allow such a man to dwell in his company. The cloak on the old man's shoulders had seen better days, and his shaggy, gray beard could use a trim. He looked more like a beggar than a poor herder or farmer down on his luck. The type of men that Dorr often tried to take advantage of, he'd promise to pay off their debts if they let him buy their lands for much less than what they were worth, then he made them work the very lands their forefathers had labored on for generations with a promise to feed and clothe them with worse food than fed to his dogs and clothes a beggar would not want. "Seven or so in the last two weeks. Double or more since they started vanishing. Only found three corpses." "Seven?" asked Paladin. Dorr frowned. The other man put more furrows into his knotted brow as Paladin spoke. "Have your shepherds gone blind?" For that, he expected a rebuke and a glare at the very least. However, Dorr settled for a weary sigh. It was as if his eyes were glued to his empty mug of ale. Oh right, I ought to replace that. Paladin took it gently and placed another pint in the man's hands. He took a long drought before he finally spoke, "I don't know, but I'm not the only one to lose so many." The old beggar hmm-ed in response and adjusted his pipe. The aroma of weed tapped Paladin's nose. Shire pipeweed? Must be a rich beggar, then . "A plague of blindness, perhaps?" Paladin quipped. "Did all of Ithil Eden's shepherds fall asleep while the wolves feasted?" "Boy, don't make such jests," Dorr warned, raising a finger and wiggling it in a not-very-threatening way, "Those sheep and goats are our livelihood." "A shepherd could say that, Master Dorr," Paladin said, part of him whispering that it might be a good time to shut his big mouth before he put his whole leg in it. Instead of taking his own advice, however, he continued on like an idiot wishing to be flogged. "You've got enough wealth to feed my home town a feast-a-day for three months. A year if you were fugal. Bet my week's wages on that." The old man snorted. A ring of smoke tickled Paladin's nose. He coughed into his sleeve. "I would not be so quick to place that wager, young master." "Paladin, sir," he supplied. "Ah, I see," said the old man, reaching up to tip a hat that wasn't there. What a queer fellow. "You're a little tall for a hobbit." Paladin hadn't even mentioned his last name, most people just thought he was a rather short man. He ran a hand through his hair then shuffled his feet. "Only a half hobbit sir, my father is a Longfoot, he married a maiden from the Republic of Rohan." "Indeed." Indeed? Is it that obvious!? Appear to be working so they won't notice you blushing like a little tike caught stealing his father's wine ! Blood rushed to his cheeks, he pulled out the rag tucked into his belt and dabbed at the other mug self-consciously. "Another, sir?" he asked the aging man once he felt the blush ebb. "For me? I think I have had quite enough of Master Cerion's ale," he answered, eyes wondering across the table to Dorr's empty mug. Dorr's eyes were blood shot, but Paladin replaced his mug with the one he had brought for the old man, which Dorr began to down quickly, no longer speaking to either. "He will not be much help in this state," said the old man as he withdrew a few coins from a wallet hidden inside his frayed cloak. They were golden crowns, an engraving of King Elessar on each one. The things had to be ancient. How did he get those? Not a beggar then, maybe some kind of thief? Well, it wasn't his job to search out the respectability of the Master's patrons… He picked up a coin and bit it; pure gold, not wood or some other kind of metal. "This," the old man took out another gold coin, dear gods, "will pay for our tab and his return home." "That…will…? I mean, of course it…ah…would." Very intelligent, Pal, pat yourself on the back. He pointed to the coins laid out on the table. "What are those for then, my…my lord?" "A few questions…, and a request." The man's keen eyes twinkled, causing a chill to run up Paladin's spine. Something was very odd here. Common sense, his father would say, advised that a man should be cautious around those willing to pay too much for information. Most were up to no good, or worked for the government…and therefore, were also up to no good. "Do not fear, I did not steal these." Right, and I'm the heir to the throne of Gondor. He decided that might not be the best thing to say, though he could not stop himself from lifting an eyebrow at the old man's choice of words. "All the same, you don't see many people with them, not in Ithil Eden or…or…even in Minas Tirith," said Paladin, folding his arms, "What? Are you a wizened, rich hermit that lives in the mountains and makes gold sprout out of the ground at his will?" "Of a sort." The man laughed. It wasn't meant to be a jest! "You may call me the 'Rich Hermit' if you wish, my dear hobbit." Half-hobbit , Paladin corrected subconsciously. He folded his arms. I'm not that short. The Rich Hermit blew a ring of smoke into the air over Dorr's head. The man barely noticed as he continued to mutter into his drink, eyes glazed over and mind addled. "Well Master Hermit," Paladin began, "what do you need? I haven't much time, Master Cerion doesn't want me to conspire with the customers, I mean, since this is…for the Lord of the Fountain or someone important, right?" "If we were conspiring, Master Paladin, I would not be asking questions about sheep. If I cannot take up your time now, you may consider this payment for the use of your time later," the old man said, smiling broadly. "You will meet me at the Silver Brooch tonight." That was a small inn, but at least it was a real one, and far nicer than the Red Peony. It wasn't one Paladin would expect a lord to stay at, except, of course, if that nobleman were traveling the land incognito. But why? And why ask about sheep and goats and shepherds? Why pay a small fortune for his help? Perhaps he's mad, or am I? Gold could make anyone do foolish things. "I trust you know where that is," he said. "Of…of course. I pass by it on my way home each night," he said, though the inn was actually a little out of the way. Alright, a lot of out of the way, but it did serve hearty meals. "But what help could I give you? I'm just a servant at a rundown inn, really, I'm not some Samwise the Great jumping out of the Red Book, though, I do make a mighty fine cup of tea, if I do say so myself." "I am sure you do," said the old fellow, and then he left, leaving Paladin to ponder the man's strange words and the five sparkling coins on the table. The gold that whispered his name, it seemed to