A/N: Some at the end (particularly a why we see Ellith acting in certain ways in this story), but for now, a simple disclaimer: I, obviously, don't own LotRs or any other works by Tolkien. I just play with them sometimes like a child building castles in the sand… 000 Speckled sunlight fell on the Ellith heads as they walked, their bare feet wading through the dew-brushed grass of the woods outside of their capital in Emyn Duir. Noon had passed, and the hour was growing late, yet theirs was a simple task. They had come to this meadow to forage for berries, fruit, and herbs. As they worked, the Ellith spoke of their husbands, brothers, and fathers, and how they missed them, but more importantly, they conversed about the tasks that laid upon their shoulders now that the Ellyn had gone off to war. "Did you hear?" asked a comely Elleth, she carried a woven basket in her arms, "Candeth and her hunters took down sixteen deer?" "She did, Faenen?" Her dark-haired friend asked, she was crouched down, picking berries from a thorn-covered shrub. Some of the Ellith nearby the pair giggled. "Yes, Ivreniel," said another of their number, joining the two Ellith. She wore her silver hair in delicate braids, and smiled at her friends. Most of the Silvan called her Nell, and she preferred that name, finding it more suiting than Bainell, the name her parents had chosen for her. She had never felt particularly like a beautiful bell, but she had long ago accepted that her voice did, at times, sound like one. At her words, Faenen placed a hand on hip. Ivreniel tilted her head in bemusement; her springy, yellow hair becoming tangled with the shrub's branches. She huffed in annoyance, a few strands coming free as she escaped the shrub's briers. "Candeth hunts as well as any Ellon," said the third Elleth, "Better, in fact, than many I have known." "Is that so?" Ivreniel asked, dropping a handful of berries into Faenen's basket. "That is well, I suppose…" Ivreniel bent over again, moving over to another shrub and started to deprive that one of berries as well. With a sigh, the silver-haired Elleth joined her. "Indeed it is!" said Nell. "Ivreniel, are you so distracted by your hammer and anvil these days you cannot listen to what the rest of us have accomplished?" "I…just find it odd that they might see it as an accomplishment ," she said, "forging blade, spade, hinge, and horseshoe is not what I wish to be doing, Nell." In response, Nell frowned, eyeing Ivreniel with her remarkably cold stare. "I was not born to do my father's work!" Ivreniel stood, then shook her head. "I did not wed just to run a smithy and forge metal." "And what children would you have, given this current darkness?" Nell asked, bitterness painting her words. "It has been nearly two decades since any Elleth in Greenwood has been with child, why…" "Stop," Ivreniel whispered. "No, listen." Nell also stood; she placed the back of her hands on her hips. "Is it not better to spend our days tending the fields, out hunting, or in the smithy, then hoping for children who cannot come or caring for a house where none but us sit at the table? I would rather heal the injured than sew or clean or…—" "Bainell…" At the sound of her full name, Nell coughed, then glanced over her shoulder. Another Ellith had approached them, leaning against the bark of a strong, oak tree. Her brown hair cascaded down her back in soft curls, and on her head rested a circlet of spun silver. It was Minuial, Prince Thranduil's betrothed, and Nell's good friend. In the king's and prince's absence, she had taken on the royal duties upon her frail shoulders, only one of the king's advisors, Saeltur, and a few of the elders had remained. Oftentimes, Nell questioned how the small Sinda could bare it. Sometimes, Nell thought, she cannot . Candeth had pushed Minuial into allowing her to hunt 'for the sake of the kingdom', as well as to establish a makeshift guard. Worse still, Minuial's hands still trembled whenever she had to speak to her people, making Nell wonder what might happen when Oropher's army finally returned, and Minuial found herself speaking to both Ellith and Ellon. It probably wouldn't go over well. Nell knew she was not alone in such sentiments, but compared to how others viewed her friend—seeing Minuial as the peculiar, foreign Sinda from Eregion, and not as an Elf who had been in Greenwood for nearly seventeen-hundred years—Nell knew her opinions of Minuial and her leadership abilities were kind. Many still wished Thranduil had chosen a Silvan maid for his future spouse, some of Nell's folk resented him for it, and the last fifteen years had not, necessarily, helped matters much. All three Ellith bowed their heads, however. At least Faenen and Ivreniel weren't the kind of Ellith to disrespect Minuial's position where others could overhear, even though they were among those whom did not think she should have it. "Bainell, must you darken this day with such dreary thoughts?" Minuial asked, her small form engulfed by her simple, green cloak. "Yet they are truthful words, Lady Minuial," Nell replied. "That may be," said Minuial, sadness buried deep within her grey eyes and painting the edges of her words, "but we do not need to remind ourselves, constantly , that things are not as they ought to be." "Minuial…" But before Nell could speak, Minuial had left them, strolling towards another group of Ellith on the other side of the grassy meadow. Nell, however, followed, leaving Faenen and Ivreniel to chatter about Faenen's horses and the last dress she had sewn; the other two Ellith moved on, picking berries from another cluster of shrubs at the edges of the forest meadow. Before Minuial reached the distant group of Ellith, however, Nell placed a hand on her shoulder, causing the frail Elleth to jump, slightly. She slowly swiveled around, then looked up at the taller Elleth, a scowl gracing her round face. "It's not like you to startled so easily," Nell said, "Minuial, what is it?" Minuial closed her eyes. "Do you hear the trees, Nell?" "Always." Nell tilted her head. "Heed them," she said, looking back at her friend, "listen closely." Nell quieted her mind. The truth was, while some Silvan could nearly hear the thoughts of trees and plants, few could understand their words. Speaking with them like one conversed with Ents or Entwives—if the old tales were true—was a rare gift even amongst her folk. The king and his line could speak with the trees of Greenwood, but that was because they were the rulers of the forest, she was only a simple Elleth, one without that much talent in this particular area. Yet, today…the trees whispered so loud it was nearly deafening. Why did the other Ellith not notice? Perhaps they had blocked them out, like any other 'distraction', she frowned. Sadness…loss…and grief… she thought, but tinged with joy...? Nell trembled, then meant Minuial's gaze. The Sinda nodded, her eyes flickering with joy, worry, and sorrow. Her thoughts were plainly written on her face, she was thinking of Prince Thranduil…and perhaps, of the army his father had led to war some fifteen years ago. In the time since, they had had hardly heard a whisper of their Ellyn…but now… Nell felt a wave of excitement, though it barely touched her lips. Now, perhaps, the Ellyn had, at long last, returned to them. "Will you ride with me to greet them?" asked Minuial, her gaze, hard, set south towards Mordor. "Yes, milady," Nell replied, more than glad to leave the meadow and the utter boredom it represented behind. They left without a word to the other Ellyth. That, Nell thought, may not have been the best choice, when she returns, what new rumors might spring? 000 As dusk descended on Greenwood the Great, the two Ellith left the king's capital nestled in the broad, shallow vale between Emyn Duir's two greatest mountains.* Due to their haste, only a small escort accompanied them, mostly made up of Ellith whom had taken up sword, knife, and bow while their male kith and kin fought the forces of Sauron in Mordor. Minuial paid little mind to their escort of Ellith guards. Over the winding, dirt road twisting through the thick forest, she forced her steed to gallop south as fast as she could. Hours ago, her hair had escaped its bun, now, it flew wildly behind her. Minuial hardly noticed, however. In her ears, her heart beat so loudly, so erratically she could hear it above the clatter of their horses' hooves. Even still, she focused on the road ahead, looking for any signs of the things that the trees whispered about, of the fear and heartbreak she had heard on the tips of their branches, which dragged their ancient boughs down in despair. It's only I, casting my own sorrows upon them , Minuial thought.No trees in Greenwood moved like those in the forests of old, nor were they as old or as wise. And yet…it seems their branches are closer to the road than before. "Minuial," one of her guards said. Most of her armor was made of sturdy leather and a chainmail shirt, but on her torso and shoulders, she wore steel plate forged by Ivreniel. It was no more beautiful than the light armor worn by Oropher's soldiers, and only more feminine where it needed to be. Practical, just like her. She was the makeshift captain of the Ellith whom now patrolled their borders. The Elleth continued, "While it is not my place to question your actions…" "Please, speak your mind, Candeth," Minuial said, she slowed down her steed with a whispered command, allowing the dark-haired Elleth to ride beside her as they continued on at a slow canter. It amazed her Candeth have been so…polite. "Why do we tread so quickly?" "I…we…uh…" she stuttered, then swallowed, hard. "We are checking to see what has troubled the trees," Nell answered, 'saving' her from further embarrassment. Minuial sighed. Trust Nell to be blunt about it, but leave out the most important details. In some ways, Nell was similar to certain Ellyn she had once known… "They're sad…" Candeth gave them a half-smile. "They miss their king, their prince, and our Ellyn. Milady, your yearning to see your betrothed again, while understandable, is an abysmal reason to project your emotions on the trees. Worse, to drag us off when—" Candeth paused, her mouth dropping slightly, then she clamped it shut. The faint sound of marching feet reached their ears, echoing through the trees, and up the road that wove between their trunks and beneath their branches. Minuial raised a hand, signaling them to march forward, Candeth and her guard falling behind Nell and herself. Their steeds trotted on in silence. A victorious army, Minuial knew, sung songs of victory and chattered upon their return. Yet, as they drew closer, no songs reached their ears, no male voices filled forest around them. The woods felt dead, too silent, despite the sounds of nighttime birdsong above their heads and horse hooves pounding the dirt beneath them. The reek of blood, grime, and sweat reached her nose long before she spotted the army. All of this filled her soul with dread and worry. Thranduil…, Minuial thought, you vowed to me you would return… Could any Ellon make good on a promise to return when they went to war against a monster like Sauron? She was not the only Elleth to receive such a pledge, what right did she have to expect that he could keep his word? Who was she, that Eru would favor her with the return of her beloved? And will I know him if he comes back? That was the other thing