Have You Ever Seen The Rain? Taking influences from CBS' Person of Interest but not being a crossover (no POI characters will feature and you do not have to have knowledge of the series at all to understand what's happening) Have You Ever Seen the Rain? is a Wrong Boy Who Lived fic that attempts to avoid most of the clichés in the genre, and even if some characters may seem like they are being bashed at first, they will all have various different arcs that will change and develop over the course of this fic. Chapter One: The Department of Mysteries Samuel Potter was not bored. He was given the highest duty that any Auror could possibly hope to want and he hadn't even finished Hogwarts yet. He was given the chance to walk inside the Department of Mysteries and guard its most sacred object. He was given the chance to do all of this at the age of fourteen, in the Summer before his fourth year. He checked his watch, one of the few muggle devices that he owned, wondering when his shift ended. He had to keep telling himself over and over again just how important his job was, how people would kill to sat where he sat… he was not bored. His father had pulled a few strings to get him some valuable Auror experience and given his reputation as the Boy Who Lived, Samuel was allowed to walk straight in. Of course, he had to go through extremely rigorous tests to prove that he wasn't under the Imperious curse, but none of that was necessary. He'd thrown off the curse before in his third year when Peter Pettigrew had used it to try and get him to kill Dumbledore. He'd even fought a basilisk and won, and as far as he was aware, he was the only person to have ever done that and lived to tell the tale. The world was Samuel's to take and he had seized every opportunity that came his way. He was a proud Gryffindor, through and through and this was a brave, incredibly honourable task. If there was one thing he most certainly was not, it was bored. Okay. Maybe only a little. He brought up his wand and began to move it through the air, with light trailing it like a firework on bonfire night. The Department of Mysteries was a very quiet place at the night shift, and everyone was home apart from him. Maybe he shouldn't have stayed up last night listening to old recordings of classic Quidditch matches with his best friend Ron Weasley, because not only was he bored, he had now started to yawn. No. He tried to imagine what would happen if his supervisor caught him dozed off, and there would be hell to pay. At least until his father arrived and smoothed things over. He remained bored and disinterested in his current situation for a grand total of thirty-seven minutes and six seconds. And then he learned the old adage of 'being careful what you wish for', once again. He had wished for excitement, but not the kind of excitement that put him in a life or death situation. Just something interesting. "Who's there?" he said, hearing a noise just around the corner of a stack of shelves of forbidden artefacts. He brought his wand up, uttering " Lumos, " quietly to bring light to a dark room. There was predictably no response. If someone was there, and if someone had broken into the Department of Mysteries, after breaking past all its defences and the Ministry itself, they were not going to risk detection at the final stages. The whole idea of breaking into the Department of Mysteries was laughable in the first place, the only place more secure than the Department was probably Gringotts. Or maybe Azkaban. And of course, Hogwarts. But given Pettigrew's infiltration last year Samuel doubted that even Hogwarts was safe anymore, and if even Hogwarts wasn't safe anymore, that meant that these locations also risked being breached. After all, didn't someone try to steal the Philosopher's Stone in first year before it was moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts? That ruled Gringotts and Hogwarts off the list of safest places, and given Pettigrew's escape from Azkaban, that also ruled off Azkaban off that list. The Department of Mysteries was therefore the safest by default, and the only place that had not been broken into yet. And it would not be robbed under the watch of Samuel Potter. He turned the corner and immediately found himself caught in the middle of a duel between two unknown figures on either side of the horizontal corridor at the end of the passageway. Different spells, he noticed a mixture of green and red, were being flung back and forth throughout the Department, and already he noticed that he was dealing with not one, but two intruders, who had decided to either turn on each other in their quest for… for whatever it was they were here for, or whether they were from two different parties that had tried to breach the Department at the same time. Dodging a spell that came his way from a masked figure who poked their head around the corner, Samuel quickly noticed that the other one, whoever he was, was not wearing a mask but instead some form of suit, like he had come dressed for a ball. It would be easy to identify him once they got a proper look on who he was, but getting a look at his face would be more difficult than ever, especially in the dark, and especially with all the spells flying. "You know," said the masked man. "It would have been so much simpler if you had decided to take the day off for a change. My Master might have even thanked you for not interfering. But alas, here you are. And therefore, punishment must be employed." He didn't recognise the voice of the masked man, it was disorientated and no doubt sounded different to what it normally did. He wasn't sure for a second whether the man was referring to him or the other intruder, but one thing was clear to Samuel, the Master part. He was a Death Eater, and therefore the enemy. 'I need to get out of here, ' Samuel thought, as another flurry of spells were sent back and forth at each other, with the Death Eater gaining ground on the unknown figure, who responded for the first time, "I'm afraid taking a break wasn't an option. But you can tell your Master that I send my regards." "I don't think he will take too kindly to you interfering again," said the man. "I cannot protect you forever." "You're doing a great job of showing that." "I am the only one who knows who you are," said the Death Eater. "However, if you interfere I cannot keep your identity secret from the Dark Lord much longer. He will demand to know." "Well like I said," said the man in the suit. "You can send him my regards. And I hate to bother you, but it looks like we have company." "I'm fully aware of that," said the Death Eater. "Did you think I was firing spells to my left for fun?" "I must admit had my suspicions," admitted the man in the suit, throwing another spell. "You're not going to kill him, are you?" "He's a witness," said the Death Eater. "There can be no witnesses. The Dark Lord was very clear." "That also includes me, I guess." "That would be correct," said The Death Eater. "Sorry, old friend. Are you sure I cannot talk you out of this?" "I'm afraid that's impossible," said the man in the suit. "I can't let you kill the boy." "You will have to choose," said the Death Eater, glancing across at another masked Death Eater that had appeared from nowhere at the end of the hallway, behind Samuel, fully cloaked and ready to fight. "Between the Boy and the Prize. You cannot stop two of us." "I can try," said the man, and fired a spell towards the first Death Eater as the second one remained standing, silent, as if he was an observer of the conflict. "Looks like even the great Man in the Suit can miss once in a while," the Death Eater said, having retreated back towards a bookshelf in full view of Samuel, who was currently hiding behind a chair, doing his best to keep an eye on both Death Eaters. He wondered again who the Man in the Suit was if he was here to protect both him and the artefact, or at least, if that was what he claimed. The Man in the Suit didn't even look at the incident that he had just caused, as the bookshelf fell toppling over on his target, causing him to collapse beneath it. To Samuel it looked as though The Man in the Suit had known what was going to happen and had planned it, taking into account his surroundings in a way that Samuel had rarely seen used in battles between two magic users. He instantly recalled where he had heard the term Man in the Suit before, the Daily Prophet. Reporter Rita Skeeter had run a page on reported sightings, that he was some kind of vigilante who protected innocent people from targeted threats. He was only a ghost story of course, but Samuel had for the first time, seen him in action. And now he was approaching him, the Boy Who Lived wanted to get a good look at his face an determine who he was. But he couldn't. Everytime he tried to look at the man's face he ended up diverting his eyes away to the background, to a wall. "Why can't I look at you?" was the first thing he said, awkwardly, and knowing that it wasn't the best possible word choice. "Magic," said the man, and Samuel grimaced, figuring a vague response was about what he could have expected. "Now come on. We have to get you out of here." "But the artefact," protested Samuel. "I'll deal with that later, they still have to break the protective charms around it," said the Man in the Suit, blasting a hole through the bookshelf next to him as the Death Eater who was still standing turned and ran to the right. He dragged Samuel through the new hole that he had formed. "You can't do that! That belongs to the Department of Mysteries!" "Standards at Hogwarts must have really slipped since my father's time," said the Man in the Suit, "Don't they teach the Reparo spell anymore?" He didn't wait for Samuel to finish, but instead simply cast the spell and the bookshelves restored themselves. "Oh. Right. Sorry." "Good, now this way," he said, blasting a couple more holes in the bookshelves as they headed away from the Death Eaters. Samuel kept glancing behind him as the man led the way, and he realised that the more he tried to look at the man, was just how young he was. He couldn't be more than nineteen or twenty, if in fact, he was a man at all. "We only have a couple more corridors to clear before we're out of the extraction zone, and then I'm going to get you to a safe house." "Shouldn't we alert the Aurors?" "No need, besides, I know who these guys are, they're good, and don't hold anything back." "They were just trying to hold back against you," said Samuel as they blasted through another bookshelf. He winced as the young man blew it apart. "He even said. Who is he, that Death Eater, anyway? Do I know him?" "You could say that, yeah," he said. "But I can't tell you who he is. Sorry." "Assuming you're not going to tell me who