Walkin' After Midnight (Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Life of Crime) Chapter One: Fast Train " Girl, you can't even think of calling this shit a war ." " Why not ?" " Wars end ." ~ The Wire , 1.01 "The Target" I. Hermione Granger graduated Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry after what felt like seven long years, seven, long hard friendless years, aside from the odd one-time fling with outsiders like Viktor Krum, who she had met in the library, and the oddity that was Luna Lovegood. She had passed by much in relative obscurity even though she managed to set the record for the highest marks on any written assignment since the Great Headmaster himself Albus Dumbledore, chiefly because of one person, Harry Potter. Or rather it was the distinct lack of Harry Potter that kept causing a massive conundrum at Hogwarts year after year, as each student expected him to show up one year later, and eventually, even Hermione lost faith that the Boy Who Lived would ever show up at Hogwarts at all, her hero-worship of authority figures mostly shattered by the idealistic dream of a boy who she had never met. A boy who had supposedly saved the world back when he was a baby, and a boy who the wizarding world had never heard from again. "Please state your name and intention," the female voice of the operator of the lift that took Hermione Granger into the depth of the Ministry of Magic informed her. There was nobody else in the lift with her, or at least not yet, which made things a lot easier than it would have been otherwise. "Hermione Granger, Protest," said Hermione, sighing. "Welcome to The Ministry of Magic, Hermione Granger," said the female voice, and a badge slid out of the compartment. Hermione Granger, Activist, it read, and she realised she should have put down the name of her actual job title. "What floor would you like to proceed to, Miss Granger?" "Level One," said Hermione. "I would like to talk with Amelia Bones." "Level One it is," the announcer concluded, and the lift descended. Hermione eventually pushed her way out of the lift, avoiding the onrushing onslaught of people that included the likes of Ronald Weasley's father, who shot a quick look at Hermione's badge out of curiosity, raised an eyebrow at her. "I didn't know we had activists working for us now…. What was it again, sorry?" "Oh, no I'm not an activist," said Hermione, sighing at her poor choice of name-tag. "I've been assigned to the Major Investigations Office, but there must be some mistake, I applied for the Department and Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures which was initially accepted, I even did the interview…" "Well, if you were in the Major Investigation Office, that's where you're meant to be," said Mr. Weasley. "I wish I could be of more help to you but the fact of the matter is that as long as I have worked here The Ministry has never made mistakes when it comes to matters like this. Oh, we may disagree from time to time, but it has never made a mistake. If you were assigned to the Major Investigations Office you are meant to be a member of the Major Investigations Office, and in which case, I must wish you good luck and good day to you! I need to introduce my son to his new job, if you'll excuse me…" ' Rude, ' Hermione thought. She worked her way through the crowd, and eventually came across a door marked Amelia Bones. But the door itself was closed rather than open, and Bones' office had been largely empty. In Bones' place stood a man whose name she didn't know, but would later find out that he went by the name of Rufus Scrimgeour. "Activist?" the man's first word to her echoed that of Weasley's. "You know we don't have a job for any of those." "It was by mistake," insisted Hermione, wondering how many more people would presume that her sole purpose was employment by the Ministry. "I was rather annoyed at your machine." "What did the Ministry's machine ever do to you?" Scrimgeour said, and Hermione realised that she'd said those words too quickly to avoid directly insulting this man's organization right in front of him. She also noticed that Scrimgeour also boasted a stack of boxes in his hand, full of personal items, and began to put the picture together. "Never mind. I trust you are here for something, correct?" "That would be correct, Sir," said Hermione. "I was wondering, is this office still Amelia Bones' office?" "No it isn't, I'm afraid," said Scrimgeour. "You picked an interesting time to join the Ministry, girl. It's an election year. Whilst the election's underway…" "No candidate running against the Minister is allowed to use the Ministry as a campaign headquarters, per the new law," said Hermione, putting the pieces together. "Does that mean… Merlin's Beard. Madame Bones is actually going to run against Fudge." "It would appear so," said Scrimgeour. "As a result, I have been assigned to fill her role during her time away, and if she fails, well then this will likely become my new permanent position. Fudge doesn't like people who try to undermine his power. Bones is no newcomer to politics too, this election could get messy indeed if both sides go out fighting." "So I suppose I should speak to you directly if I had come to address any matters concerning my employment?" Hermione said, hopefully. "What, want to quit already? You haven't even been here a day yet." "No, sir, I don't want to resign just yet," said Hermione. "I came here to bring up an error in my application form. It says I was assigned to the Major Investigations Office rather than the Department and Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, which I initially put my name down for and was interviewed under the assumption that I would be getting that job." "Interesting," said Scrimgeour, taking the sheet of paper that Hermione had pulled out of her pockets, inspecting it. "I trust you are aware of how skilled and proficient the Ministry of Magic is at matters such of these. It is a very grave accusation indeed that you are making against the Ministry, I'm afraid, Miss…" "Granger, sir," said Hermione, looking dejected. "So, am I to assume that it's a no?" "You shouldn't automatically jump to conclusions," said Scrimgeour. "Far more people these days want to join the Magical Creatures Regulation Team because they hope that they might see a Dragon, or experience a Veela Coven for the first time on active duty. Very few join because they want to make a difference. The same can be said for the Major Investigations Unit. Very few join because they want to do the actual street-work that Aurors need to crack the higher profile cases. You however, seem to be a peculiar case indeed." "You've read my file, sir?" "I know you started a House-Elf Rights group at Hogwarts," Scrimgeour said, pausing slightly, as if trying to remember something, "SEW, was it?" "SPEW," said Hermione. "SPEW," said Scrimgeour, annoyed at being corrected. "A bold idea, employed with the tactics that would make you a perfect fit for both organizations. You have the knowledge for the deskwork of both, and the field experience for the latter. But you must understand you cannot walk into the Ministry, or even Hogwarts, with a wand and a way with words and hope to convince people to abandon something as complicated tradition when the beings who you're trying to free don't want to abandon it themselves." "It's slavery, sir. Not tradition. There's a difference." "Here's what I'll do," said Scrimgeour. "I received a request for you to be put in the MCU by Kingsley Shacklebolt himself. He recognises your potential." Hermione almost let out an awed breath at this comment. Shacklebolt was the legendary Auror responsible for getting Aurors to sign up for the Auror taskforce in the first place. They joined up because they wanted to be the next Shacklebolt. Few knew however what had happened to him, and fewer still believed that he was even working with the Ministry anymore. Despite his frequent activities in the years following the War, recent years had seen a sharp decline on his on-street activities. Curiosity alone was why Hermione wasn't going full on rage-mode, or Full Hermione, as Ginny Weasley used to taunt her when she got deeply passionate about a subject that she was invested in. "Mr. Shacklebolt, sir?" "Yes," said Scrimgeour. "Now, here's what I'll do. I'll give you a case to solve in the taskforce. Nothing too complex but nothing too simple either. Test your waters, see if you like it or not. If it feels your kind of thing… Then you can maybe stick around a bit longer. However, if you don't like it, or want to move anyway, then report back to me and we'll see what we can do. Don't let Kingsley down, Granger. He used a lot of leverage to get you here." "If you think it will benefit me…" said Hermione, with a reluctant sigh. "Where can I find Major Investigations?" "Courtroom Ten," said Scrimgeour. "Level Ten." "Courtroom Ten, Sir? According to Hogwarts a History, it hasn't been used since War Trials. Is there any particular reason why it' being used today? I thought it had been decomissioned." "Let's just say you'll find out," said Scrimgeour. "I'll allow Kingsley to handle that area of the talk. Go. He's waiting for you." "Yes sir," said Hermione, respectfully bowing. "One more thing, Sir? Should I change the badge? It doesn't look as though I'm going to be partaking in any social activism anytime soon." "Actually, keep it," said Scrimgeour, glancing up at her as she left the room. "Merlin knows, the Ministry could use a few more activists around here. For all of our sakes, let's hope that you're as good as your reports say you are…" Hermione did not stay around long enough to hear Scrimgeour conversation with his assistant, a man named Percy Weasley. If she had, she would have not only remarked that those Weasleys were getting everywhere, but she also would have been rather offended by Weasley's comment to Scrimgeour in return that went along the lines of; "Do you think she bought her speech, sir?" "It appears so," Scrimgeour said. "Merlin knows Kingsley needs more help down there, and his name is a big draw. But if she finds out that she's still expected to show up at the Magical Creatures Relations Team for an interview in the next few days, there'll be hell to pay. Can you get a favour from them? I don't know, give them Flint or something to keep them satisfied. They've been wanting him for a while, apparently he's good with animals." "Yes sir," said Percy, taking few notes. "And for Merlin's sake, get rid of any official documentation about this. Last thing we need right now is another scandal, this close to election year. And did you bug Bones' new offices successfully?" "I think so, sir. We'll be able to hear everything she says momentarily." "Good. Remember, this is strictly off the books. Nothing goes in or out of this room." "Yes sir." II. By the time the lift reached level ten, Hermione Granger was the last person on it. Several people had got on and got off along the way, she was pretty sure she recognised a few old classmates, but none stopped to speak to her, all far too busy minding their own business. She wished for a book to read on the wait down, something portable and easily switched on and off would have worked, something that could have carried multiple books in one place without her dragging multiple around in a bag