Disclaimer: The Lord of the Rings, its characters, and lands are the property of Tolkien Estates and New Line Cinemas. This story was not written for profit, but for my enjoyment and the enjoyment of my readers. Summary: At the Anniversary of Boromir's death, Aragorn and Faramir make a pilgrimage to Parth Galen in his memory. Written for Memorial Day. Authour's Note on Characters: In my fanfiction, the majority of the characters look as they are portrayed in the movie, but *my* Faramir and Boromir have the raven hair, grey eyes, and carven features from the books. Authour's Note on Content: This story, like all of my other stories, contains NO slash or extremely explicit sexual scenes. WARNINGS: Flashbacks containing mild violence, grief. RATED K. A Time to Mourn By Luthien Celebrindal 000000000000 "For everything there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven...A time to weep and a time to laugh; A time to mourn and a time to dance..." ~Ecclesiastes 3:1,4 The cold, February wind blew through the streets of Minas Tirith. A lone figure stood in the tower, his grey eyes travelling over the lands of Gondor, to the faint, blue-green line on the horizon which was the Great River, Anduin. It went along its silent, undisturbed way from the north, to Tol Brandir, and over Rauros falls, down through Gondor, to the City of the Stars, Osgiliath. What was once a great city was now in ruins. Many, many things were changed by the War of the Ring, many great and beautiful things lost or decimated. Many hearts broken. Such were the thoughts of Faramir, Steward of Gondor and Arnor, as he stood there, his cloak wrapped around himself against the chill wind. His was one of those hearts. From his place on the tower, he could see the place on the river he had seen his beloved older brother for the last time, in an elven boat travelling to the sea. For a while, he had held some hope that it was but a vision, but as time passed, he knew that it was indeed that Boromir had passed beyond the circles of this world. Faramir's eyes were bright with tears. In three weeks, it would be one year to the date since his brother's death; the twenty-sixth of February. A cold time of year, a cruel time. But Faramir did not mind it. The winter sun shone above him, and he blinked back the tears in his eyes, swallowing the lump in his throat. Boromir had never been able to see the sun rise over the White City again, after the darkness had lifted. He had never seen the White Tree blossom. Faramir wiped a tear from his cheek and left the tower. 000000000000 A soft knock at Aragorn's door made him raise his head from the paperwork he was going over. Nothing of much interest, only reports from the different lands of Gondor, and a few from other lands. He was glad to be relieved of it. "Enter," he said, pushing a report from Lebennin aside. As the door opened, he was surprised to see Eowyn standing there, a concerned expression on her face. Aragorn stood up. "What is the matter?" he asked, his brow knitting in worry, "Are you well?" Eowyn was four months from giving birth to Faramir's child, and had taken ill a few weeks ago. The poor Steward was nearly frantic with worry then, but Eowyn seemed to have recovered well enough. The face of the Steward's wife was drawn when she spoke. "Yes," she said, "It is not myself that I am worried about. It is Faramir." Aragorn raised his eyebrows. "Faramir?" he inquired, hurrying over, "What has happened?" He felt his heartbeat quicken. It had been months since their ordeal, but the Steward still had not fully healed. Yes, he was almost recovered, but not quite yet. Had Faramir overexerted himself and relapsed, Aragorn did not know if he could survive. Eowyn noticed his concern. "It is nothing like that," she said, knowing that Aragorn blamed himself somewhat, "I'm not quite certain how to put it, though. I suppose he just simply hasn't been himself for a few days." "What do you mean?" Aragorn asked, confused at this. "He has not eaten a full meal or come to bed in nearly a week," Eowyn replied, "And he seems... distant; detatched." Aragorn nodded slowly. He frowned. This was unlike Faramir. Very unlike him. He'd expected Faramir to become despondant after their ordeal, yet it had been the exact opposite. He'd never seen Faramir so at ease and in a general good mood. "I'll speak to him later," he said, "I wouldn't worry." Eowyn nodded without a word, and left the room. She hoped that he would find out what was wrong. She couldn't bear to see Faramir so unhappy. 000000000000 Aragorn leaned back in his seat in the garden, waiting for Faramir to arrive. He'd asked his Steward to meet him that evening for a talk, not saying the purpose. Faramir was still slightly out of the ordinary. Perhaps, had he known there were personal matters involved, he would have excused himself, saying he had another arrangement. Even after all they'd gone through together, Faramir was still reserved, though not painfully so as he had been before, and he'd lost the stiff, uncomfortable formality. An uneven footfall told him of Faramir's arrival. He winced at the sound; ever since Faramir's brutal treatment, he'd had a terrible limp. Even after Faramir's many assurances that he blamed none of it on Aragorn, the King still felt that it was at least partially his fault. Besides, his shoulder wound from the Ring War was clearly hurting him again, though he denied it each time he was asked after. "You wished to speak with me, my lo-" Faramir broke off, and corrected himself, "Aragorn." It took a bit of getting used to for him to call his liege lord by his given name. Aragorn smiled at him. He was still rather awkward, he noted. But not nervous anymore. There was none of the anxiety and fear in his eyes. "Yes," he said, "Sit down, please, Faramir." Faramir complied readily, favoring his right leg. Once seated, he relaxed. "What did you wish to ask me?" Aragorn sighed. "There is something of importance I need to know," he said, "Eowyn told me you seem to be unhappy lately." He met Faramir's eyes, which darkened as the Steward turned away, a grieving expression on his face. "It is nothing," he replied in a quiet tone. Obviously to Aragorn, he didn't wish to talk about it. But this would not satisfy the King. "Please tell me," he said, "As a Healer, and as a friend, I can't simply let you slip into despond without knowing why." Faramir met his eyes again, his own bright with unshed tears. "It is nothing that can be helped. It is simply this... this time of year." He looked down, his raven hair falling down over his face. He raised his head and pushed it aside, a slightly pleading expression on his face. A realization dawned in Aragorn's mind as he remembered what had happened one year ago. He heard the loud, clear call of Boromir's horn from the seat at Amon Hen, and he knew that the man was in danger. The sound rang through the air with a desperate twinge to it. Aragorn ran down the hill as quickly as possible, only to find that he was too late. He placed a hand on Faramir's shoulder. "I understand," he said, quietly. Faramir turned to him, slightly bewildered, having forgotten for a moment that it had been Aragorn who had been with his brother when he died. "I know," he said, "And I have accepted it. But..." he paused, turning away again, then turning back. "It has been a whole year since it happened. One year exactly, in a few days. I can't simply continue with my life like that." Aragorn sighed. "I know you can't, Faramir," he said, "It is perfectly reasonable. You've reminded me of something I wished to do. And I think it would be good for you to come with me." Faramir cocked his head. "What is it?" he asked. Aragorn gave him a solemn look. "A pilgrimage," he explained, "To Amon Hen. In rememberance of our fallen brother." Faramir blinked back a few tears. "I do not know..." he said, "You do not have to bring me. It is nothing that I will not get over in a few weeks." Aragorn clasped his shoulder tightly. "You may, but I think the trip would do us both a great deal of benefit. We both need to get out of the city. And I think you should know more." Faramir nodded. "I suppose you are right," he sighed. "I wish that I would not have burdened you with myself, though." Aragorn closed his eyes. "Faramir, you are not a burden. There is nothing burdensome about you. Please do not think that way. Besides, you are in no condition to go without food or rest." Faramir met his eyes, slightly anxious. "Eowyn spoke to you, I presume?" he asked, wincing. Aragorn nodded. "Yes, she did. And she has a right to be worried," he replied, firmly. "You're still not fully healed, and neglecting yourself will do no good to anyone, but it will harm you." "I know you are telling the truth," Faramir squeezed his eyes shut, a stray tear trailing down his cheek. "But I don't have the heart to eat or sleep right now. Every time I shut my eyes, I dream of his death." The Steward's shoulders shook as he began to sob, and his fingers, gripping the arms of his chair, trembled. Aragorn sighed, deeply. He squeezed Faramir's hand, then put his arm around the younger man's shoulders. "It is alright," he said, "You've held back your tears for too long. There is no shame in tears, especially if they are for a brother's death." Faramir's defenses collapsed, and he leaned his head against Aragorn's shoulder, for once mindless of his usual formality. Aragorn felt a few tears of his own prick his eyes. He gripped Faramir's shoulder comfortingly. Faramir drew back, having composed himself, relieved that he'd finally let out the tears he'd held back since he'd learned of Boromir's death. He was surprised at Aragorn, for his father had always told him that tears were a sign of weakness. But, then, Aragorn was far different from Denethor. "I... I am sorry if I appear impulsive," he said, nonetheless. Aragorn smiled sadly. Faramir still had scars that needed healing, both physical and mental, from his time under Denethor's strict leadership. "Nay, Faramir, you did not offend me at all. You have a right to your tears, and to the grief you feel. But it cannot consume you to the point that you endanger your health." Faramir nodded. "I know," he relaxed some, leaning back. "I think that this journey is a good idea." Aragorn gave his shoulder a last comforting squeeze. "I knew that you would. Come, we must leave today so that we can reach Amon Hen by the twenty-sixth." He stood, and helped Faramir to his feet. Faramir, unlike what both his brother and father would have done, allowed the help, and was grateful for it. "Thank you, my... Thank you, Aragorn." "Any time, Faramir, any time," Aragorn released his hand. "I will meet you outside the stables, if that is alright." Faramir smiled, the look out of place on his tear-stained features. "Yes, that will suit. I will only pack a few things, then meet you there." He stepped backwards, but Aragorn waved him off. "Go. No need for senseless etiquette here among friends," he said. "Very well," Faramir replied, turning and limping back to his own chambers to pack his things. 000000000000 Soon, King and Steward