A/N- Just got back from seeing the awesomeness of "Catching Fire" again and was inspired to write a Johanna fic…she's always been one of my favorite characters just from reading the books, and I absolutely loved what Jena Malone brought to the character. This story is set during Mockingjay , picking up at Finnick and Annie's wedding, so Katniss, Peeta, Finnick, Haymitch, Annie, Prim, and all the other fellow District 13 dwellers will definitely be around, but the main focus will be on Miss Mason, the awesome axe-wielding Victor from District 7. I hope ya'll enjoy! Mixing Medicines "Are you going to miss the chance to let Snow see you dancing?" Katniss turns to look at me, her dark blue-gray eyes confused. "What?" "Cressida's going to make sure this video's all over the Capitol. You're the people's precious Mockingjay." I sit back in my chair. "Sitting here like a depressed asshole with the bitch who looks like a cancer patient isn't exactly the most inspiring sight. Go and do something epic and brave or something." Katniss nods, giving me a vague smile, her long dark hair falling down her back in waves as she stands up and walks away, and I feel a pang of jealousy, rubbing one hand over my peach fuzz of dark hair that has grown back over the scabs and bruises on my head after my time in the Capitol where they savagely shaved it off, not caring when the razor went into my skin and drew blood that dripped down into my eyes, blood that I blinked away so I could continue to glare straight ahead, not showing them an ounce of weakness…I shake myself, not letting myself go back there. Frankly, I'm just glad they let me out of the District 13 hospital for the wedding. Waking up every morning in a hospital bed in a paper-thin hospital gown reminds me too much of how it felt to wake up as a Capitol prisoner with a Capitol medic (their nice word for torturer) standing over me, and I don't want to go back to my hospital bed tonight. I'm so tired of being a patient. But as much I fucking hate to admit it, I know I don't exactly look like a strong survivor ready to enter the fray of battle. I'm wearing a dress I found in the stockpile Cressida put together for the formal occasion, and I think it was actually originally meant to be a slip to go under a dress, but I don't care. At least it kind of fits— it's some skimpy black thing that's barely clinging on to my too-thin frame, and I know I look like some creepy walking skeleton, whereas girls like Katniss and Annie and Prim look so beautiful and strong and tragically noble even after all they've lost, the kind of girls that Cressida wants to film for her propos, girls that would inspire people to stand up to fight against the Capitol. I wouldn't inspire anyone. Who the hell would want to end up a fucking mess like me? I wish this wedding was already over with. Sometimes I wish everything was already over with. Sometimes I wish they'd just killed me in the Capitol. I look over at the seashell and wave covered cake, watching Cressida signaling the cameras to zoom in on Katniss now dancing with her perfect little sister in the middle of the dance floor. I see Finnick and Annie sitting at the head table, Finnick so happy he seems slightly dazed, Annie whispering something to him before he kisses her, Annie smiling against his mouth before she kisses him back… "Fucking hell…" I roll my eyes, turning away. This is nauseating. The whole thing. Everyone playing happy fucking family like some little party erases the past. I watch as Cressida signals the lights to be turned down so that there's better lighting on her precious Mockingjay with her little sister and the happy married couple, and I sit back in my chair, much more comfortable now that I'm hidden by the shadows of the corner of the room. The more time that passes, the more I tune out, and soon I've gone away in my mind completely, something I've become very accustomed to doing since my time as the Capitol's prisoner, and I don't even notice as the number of party guests begins to dwindle and the time stretches on well past midnight. Someone suddenly sits down heavily beside me at the table, letting out a long sigh. "I really hate weddings." I come back to myself and smile vaguely when Haymitch looks around to make sure Coin isn't watching before he produces a flask and two shot glasses from seemingly nowhere. I had a feeling he might have a secret stash. "You and me both. They're such a fucking joke." "Cheers, kid." Haymitch holds up his shot glass, and I clink mine against his before we both down them with one swallow, Haymitch turning to look at me, shaking his blond hair out of his bleary blue eyes. He looks exhausted, as if he's just been through some kind of ordeal. "This whole night's kind of a drag, huh?" he asks. "Kind of?" I snort with laughter. "Like you said. It's a wedding. Saying it's a drag is kind of redundant." I blink my eyes with fake sentiment. "Let's love each other forever !" I roll my eyes. "Please." Haymitch grins, tipping over his flask to show that it has just a few drops left. "What would you say to going with me to the kitchens for a refill? I know Coin wouldn't exactly approve, but I've been, uh...distilling some of my own supply." "You rebel." I smile back, following him out of the dining hall after he puts the flask and two shot glasses in his jacket pocket and leads the way into the empty kitchens and finally into the long, winding pantry, letting me pass in front of him, pulling the door shut behind us so no one will bother us, mercifully shutting out the cloyingly sweet wedding music from the dining hall. "So what's eating you? Or is this just your usual fuck-the-world shit?" Haymitch leads the way to a barrel hidden at the very back, taking the lid off and dipping his flask in the liquid to fill it back up with something that smells like rubbing alcohol when he pours us two more shots. "What do you care?" I swallow mine, coughing slightly when the second one doesn't go down quite as smoothly. "Jesus, this tastes like lighter fluid." "Well, I don't craft it for the aromatic notes, sweetheart." Haymitch grins, affixing the top back onto his secret whiskey distillery barrel and sliding it back into hiding. I shake my head with a smile. Haymitch and I have never been super-close, but I've always known him from victor circles and now from the Mockingjay Rebellion, and I like that he gives about as much of a shit as I do about everything, and we've always liked taking the piss out of each other. "You are such a cliché, old man." "Whereas your whole rebel-without-a-cause thing is completely new and original." "Fuck you. I wouldn't be living in this shithole if I didn't have a cause." Haymitch grins at me, leaning back against the pantry shelves on one side. "Okay, then. Remind me. What exactly is your cause again, Johanna Mason?" I lean back against the shelves on the other side, narrowing my eyes. "What's yours? Setting the world-record for highest blood alcohol level when you finally drink yourself to death?" "I like that, actually. But you're avoiding the question. Why do you even care about any of this?" "Why do you?' "The Capitol's been fucking me over my entire life." Haymitch shrugs. "I think Katniss is the first person in over seventy-five years who actually has a prayer of stopping them, so I'm fighting with her until the end. What about you?" I sigh, speaking after we do another shot. "Same." I look up at him for a long moment as he switches to drinking straight out of the flask. "Haymitch, can I tell you something?" "Sure, kid." "I think the way you won your year was brilliant. My mentor had me watch the Second Quarter Quell in training…and you were amazing." Haymitch's blue eyes darken, and he lets out a humorless laugh. "Oh, yeah. Amazing." "Oh, come on. Don't tell me you're going be all sanctimonious about this like everybody else. It's not called the "Make-Friends-and-Be-Nice-Games." So you killed people. You had to. I'm so fucking tired of people acting like you and I are some kind of monsters just because we played the games the way they're meant to be played." I pour myself another shot, and I'm embarrassed to find my hands shaking as I pour and drink it. "You don't ever think about it? You don't ever think about all the people you killed?" Haymitch looks at me dubiously. "No," I lie quickly, suddenly feeling as though the air is too hot and still in this enclosed space. "Uh-huh. No self-medication for you, ever, huh?" He looks down at the IV marks in the crook of my left arm. I've pumped so much morphling through my veins (my morphling and whatever Katniss will let me siphon from her stash) that I've already killed one vein and had to switch to another, and my arm's starting to look pretty disgusting, the dead vein bruised and blackened from the overuse. The way Haymitch is looking at my track marks, it's almost like he knows, everything, how much I need the morphling, how much I steal from Katniss, all of it. "Shut the fuck up." I set down his flask hard on the shelf behind me, glaring up at him. Haymitch moves closer to me, his voice dangerously quiet. "You know how the Capitol paid me back for playing their Games so 'amazingly' well? For my little trick with the force field that showed them up and made their big quarter quell look like a joke? When I got home to District 12 after my Victory Tour, I went into my house in the Victor's Village to find my mom, little brother and girlfriend all arranged, sitting side-by-side on the couch with axes planted in their skulls, just like the last tribute I killed in the games with the force field. Their bodies had been there for a long time. There were flies and maggots everywhere. The smell was unbearable. I couldn't even believe what I was seeing. I remember just stumbling out of the back door of the house into the woods and dry-heaving, trying to cry, trying to throw up, trying to do anything, but mostly just wandering around in a daze until the sun went down. When I went back to the house, it was burning. Someone from the Capitol had set it on fire. Freak accident, they said. They must have used something powerful, because the whole house was reduced to ashes. No trace of the bodies. No trace of anything really. My girlfriend's family was gone too, but I never knew what happened to them. The Capitol moved me into a different house in Victor's Village, and President Snow sent me a personal note with a white rose that just said—" See? We can play tricks with axes too ." His voice is emotionless as he relates the story, but I notice his hands are shaking violently as well as he reaches behind me to raise the flask to his lips to take another long swallow. He's never told anyone that whole story, I realize. Seized by a sudden impulse, I reach out, covering his hands with mine, gripping them tightly. Haymitch lets the empty flask fall to the floor, tears suddenly filling his eyes, refusing to look at me until I raise one of my