Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of these Characters. They are Owned by J.K. Rowling. Author's Note: Hey guys, this is my first story here, and I'm still learning how to use the site and all, please let me know if I mess up on something! "GRYFFINDOR!" the entire great hall was silenced as the Sorting Hat called out the house to which the student wearing it would belong. Everyone stopped whatever they were doing and their eyes snapped to the small boy sitting in the chair, the Sorting Hat atop his head. The young blonde boy looked utterly shocked, and absolutely horrified. There was a full, maybe five minutes, of dead silence, as no one could have ever seen this coming. Minerva McGonagall stood staring at the small blonde boy who would be in her House. How was this possible? she thought to herself as she attempted to collect herself mentally. Meanwhile the boy sitting in the seat was trying to process what he had just heard. Had he misheard? The hat had to have made a mistake. He was supposed to be in Slytherin. Not Gryffindor. The hat made a mistake. That was it. It just made a mistake. Right? He looked up when the dead silence slowly got louder. The Slytherin table was snickering and the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were whispering. The only table still silent was the Gryffindor table. The boy laughed silently at that. The lions had finally been shut up. The only problem was that he was the reason. Stupid Gryffindors , he thought angrily. Then, Minerva moved into action. "Malfoy, please go sit down," she spoke softly, motioning toward the Gryffindor table. The boy just sat there for a moment, lost and confused. But eventually, he came to his senses and stood as Minerva removed the Sorting Hat from his head. Head down and fists clenched, eleven year old Draco Malfoy moved toward the Gryffindor table. This was the table he hated most. They were his enemies by nature. He was a Malfoy, therefore Gryffindors were bad. Except that one. What was his name? Oh yes. Harry Potter. Maybe there was a possibility he could try his hand at befriending the other boy again. The famous Harry Potter could be my friend! Draco thought. He would have to try something different this time, as his last tactics hadn't been successful. Silently, the young blonde boy took a seat at the end of the Gryffindor table, not wanting to deal with any of the people yet. "Hey blood traitor!" Draco looked up to see Gregory Goyle headed towards him. The blonde boy pulled out his wand, as he knew that Goyle was not going to be kind. Not since he was sorted into the wrong house. There was a sudden pain the right side of his face -Goyle had punched him. Draco raised his wand to cast a spell when a voice called out, stopping Goyle in his attack, and Malfoy in his defense. "Hey!" Both boys turned to see Harry Potter running towards them, the Weasel and a bushy-haired girl following. Goyle saw the green-eyed boy and turned to flee, leaving Draco on the ground, confused and unsure. What had just happened? His friend had attacked him! "Malfoy, you okay?" Draco looked up to see Harry standing above him, offering him his hand. Hadn't this scene already played but in reverse? Well, not this exact scene, but hadn't Draco offered his hand in friendship to the green-eyed boy in front of him and been rejected? Why would he take the hand offered to him now? I shouldn't. But, maybe... he thought as he considered it. Was this his chance? Making a decision, Draco grabbed Harry's hand and allowed the boy to help him up. "Gee, Malfoy, are you okay?" Harry asked, looking at the other boy's face. A bruise was already forming on the blonde boy's very pale skin. Harry had already asked that question, but the other boy hadn't answered and now he could really see Malfoy's face. After the shock wore off slightly,the pain returned. He could feel his face beginning to bruise and it hurt -a lot. Finally he brought himself back to reality. "Uh, yeah. I'm fine," he said at first, raising his chin to attempt to better his appearance. Harry raised an eyebrow, and the girl behind him seemed concerned as well. "You don't look fine, Malfoy," Harry told him, confirming the bruise Draco could feel blossoming on his face. He looked away, suddenly very self-conscious about his face. He was a Malfoy and that meant perfection. Having a bruised face and being sorted into the wrong house were both not on the list for Malfoy perfections. And the it dawned on him. After this, he wouldn't be a Malfoy. His father would never accept a son in Gryffindor! What would his father do to him upon hearing the news? What would his Godfather, Severus, do? He would have to deal with Severus all the time...suddenly Draco began went into a panic. Thoughts were racing through his mind at lightning speed, and they were all causing him so much panic. What will Father do about this? What will happen to me? I've brought shame to the Malfoy name! Father is going to kill me! Oh he is going to be pissed and he's going to kill me! And Mother! She'll be so disappointed! All of these thoughts ran around in his head and they kept getting worse and worse, more severe and more frightening to think about. But he couldn't stop them. "Malfoy! Malfoy!" and then there was someone shouting at him. What? he thought silently as he opened his eyes. Wait...opened his eyes? When had he closed them? his eyes opened to see Harry bent over him with a worried expression on his face. Even the Weasel looked concerned. "Oi, Malfoy, you passed out," the Weasel commented. He had done what? He, Draco Malfoy had passed out? Then everything came rushing back. And, at only eleven years old, such rapid-fire thoughts were difficult to handle. "Yeah Malfoy. I don't think you're fine. Let's go -" "What in Merlin is going on down here?" Harry was interrupted and the four students all stopped and looked up when they heard Minerva McGonagall's voice. They looked up to see the Head of Gryffindor House and the Deputy Head Mistress of Hogwarts, striding toward them, a stern expression on her face. It was Harry who spoke up. "Professor, it's Malfoy. He, um, well, one of the Slytherins was attacking him, and we found them and stopped the kid who was attacking him. Then he kind of passed out...we were just about to go looking for someone to help when you showed up," Harry explained the situations somewhat awkwardly, as he didn't really know the whole story, just what he had seen. But, Professor McGonagall raised her eyebrows, looking from each student to the next. Potter, Weasley, and Granger all nodded, but the Malfoy boy was just staring oddly at the other three. They defended me? Since when would the Weasel do such a thing? He was staring at them, confused and..there was another emotion that he hadn't felt before...was it, gratefulness? That was weird. Malfoys weren't grateful to others! Oh... then he remembered again. He wouldn't be a Malfoy after his father heard about this. " Mister Malfoy , is this correct?" he looked up to see McGonagall looking at him. It seemed like she had asked him multiple times by now. Slowly, he nodded. "Yes," he spoke quietly. His world was falling to pieces and he had no idea what would happen. "Alright, lets get you to the Hospital Wing. Madam Pomfrey will fix you up. You three, to the common room," she ordered. "Um, Professor, I'd like to accompany Malfoy, is that alright?" Harry spoke up and helped Malfoy to his feet once again. Minerva sighed, but nodded. "Very well, Potter. Weasley, Granger, back to the common room," she gave them a look that said there would be no arguments, and they nodded. "Bye Harry," they both bid their new friend farewell and hurried off toward the Gryffindor common room. "This way," Minerva led the way towards the Hospital Wing. She glanced back behind her once to make sure the boys had heard, but then simply led the way. The Malfoy boy concerned her, and she didn't know why Harry Potter would claim the boy as a friend. at least, that is what it seemed like from her perspective. However, she also knew many things about the Malfoy family. And one thing she knew was that the young blonde boy would not get a warm acceptance when i=his family received news of the House he was sorted into. There was no way that Lucius Malfoy would accept having a son in Gryffindor House. Minerva felt bad for the boy. At first, she had simply been concerned about having to deal with a Malfoy, but now, after having thought about it, she was more concerned for the boy's safety. "So, Malfoy, what happened back there? Wasn't that a friend of yours? Why would he hit you?" Harry inquired as they walked. He'd never had any good experiences with people before Ron and Hermione, but he was pretty sure friends were supposed to nice to each other. And considering the very large, very dark, bruise on Malfoy's face, his friend had not been nice to him. Draco was quite surprised when Harry Potter voiced concern for him. Why would he be so nice when I was so rude to him before? he asked himself. "You wouldn't understand," he bit out harshly. He was angry at the Sorting Hat and in pain, and he hadn't meant to sound so harsh. "I, I'm sorry," he apologized softly. It felt so weird to do such a thing -to apologize to someone. But it also felt good, in a way. I'm not supposed to be doing or feeling such things! I'm a- he scolded himself, but then was reminded once again of his fate as he went to say something that would soon not be true. Harry had flinched slightly at Malfoy's harsh tone, but then the blonde boy had apologized. The green-eyed boy gave him an odd look and then shrugged. "Then explain it," he said simply, as if it was the easiest thing in the world to do. Malfoy sighed. "It's not that easy, Potter," he said, exasperated. But, in the hope of a possible friendship, he decided to try. "It's a pureblood thing, I guess. I, uh, my family, uh...my father is very strict...he, um, he has certain...expectations. And, I, um, I didn't, well, I didn't meet them...It's a...well it's a tradition, for Malfoys to be in Slytherin. And since I, well, am not...I have disgraced my family and they'll probably disown me because I'm a blood traitor..." he spoke faster and faster, stumbling and pausing awkwardly in places. At the end of his little speech, he looked up from the ground and saw that Harry was giving him an odd look. "What?" Draco asked. Harry seemed to be lost in thought. "Uh, Potter?" Draco asked again. The eleven year old Malfoy was quite confused, and also quite lost. He had no idea what was going to happen to him, he had no idea why he had been put in Gryffindor, and he had no idea why Harry Potter was being so nice after he had been rude. This was completely different from the world Draco Malfoy knew, and his little secret? He kind of liked this other side of things... Potter seemed to realize he was being spoken to and blinked a couple times. "Sorry. Um, Wow. Your family would really do that to you?" Harry knew what his family was like and was honestly surprised he hadn't been tossed out with how much the Dursleys hated him.